Step on the Sun

(Council of Three - Book 1)
Doug Plamping

Thrown into a hostile galaxy, surviving is only step one

Published by Doug Plamping at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 Doug Plamping
Version 20140616 (remove duplicated scene)

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter 1 – Rescue an Old Man

The stones hit accurately and painfully. The old man hurried down the Mexican dirt road, trying to get away from the group of kids. Unfortunately, there was an unending supply of ammunition on the road.
 Seeing the old man in trouble, three people ran from the beach, through the cantina, and onto the road. Three young tourists had been walking along the edge of the surf, talking, and cooling off in the waves, when they saw the attack. It was mid-afternoon and they were heading back to their resort after hiking some local trails.
The tallest of the group was first, shouting, “Vada via! Vada via!” The kids stopped. The man was fit, muscular, and clearly a threat.
“Paul, I don’t think they know Italian,” Frank gasped as he stopped alongside him. Amy caught up to them a couple of seconds later. The kids took off down a gap between two of the shacks.
“Yeah, but they got the idea,” answered Paul, laughing.
They’d got together early in the first week. They were all on a ‘last’ family vacation before they each entered their final year of university. In Paul’s case, that was completing his degree at a military institute. That common circumstance had pulled them together, and they were now friends. They all had a nice tan after a week at the resort. There'd been no interest in boy-girl pairing off yet. Paul was cool, smart, fit, and looked great, as Amy had observed, a result of the fitness training he had every day. Frank was a genius, a little geeky, but he was athletic as well. Amy took on leadership of the group instinctively, and Paul and Frank quietly accepted that leadership. 
Amy knew she was not what the magazines would call beautiful, but she was tall and attractive. “We’d better see if he’s hurt.” Amy led them to the man, and saw that he was very old, and was gasping for breath. He was dressed strangely, all in grey, in something like a monk’s habit from the medieval ages, except shorter. It was tied at the waist with a grey rope, with cloth pants underneath, and rope sandals on his feet. His clothing was worn and in need of either replacement or repairs. He was also carrying a beautiful wooden walking stick covered with intricate carvings. 
Frank and Paul waited for her lead. Amy asked, “Are you OK?” not knowing if he spoke English. She was ready to try Spanish.
The old man grimaced, and answered in accented English, “I’m fine, just a little out of breath. Thank you for rescuing me.” He looked at them carefully and then asked Amy, “Are there just three of you?” 
Amy answered, puzzled, “Yes, it’s just us three. Our families are back at the resort.” The old man nodded as if that was an important thing.
He told them, “My name is Simon. I am pleased to meet the three. I have looked for the three for a long time.” Amy couldn’t place his accent. 
Amy did the introductions, “I’m Amy; this is Paul, and Frank.” 
“Why did you stop the children from throwing rocks?” asked Simon.
“Why?” Amy was puzzled, “It was the right thing to do!”
“Right! You needed defending!” Paul stated. 
“Charging to the rescue, eh!” Frank agreed.
Simon then said something in a reverent way, “You are younger than I expected, but Staff was right. I am delighted to meet the three at last.”
This is weird, Amy thought, and what about this emphasis on ‘three’? That thought was lost as Amy noticed that Simon was struggling for breath. His face was white; he was rubbing his shoulder and chest, and his breathing was shallow. 
Simon gasped, “I think I need to sit down, I feel dizzy. It’s hard to breathe!” 
Amy grabbed one arm and told Paul, “Get his other arm.” They helped Simon across the sand to the cantina, and sat him in a chair, out of the sun, where it was cooler. Frank brought Simon’s walking stick, examining it. 
Amy tried to take Simon’s pulse, and examine him. She had taken advanced first aid courses at the university. “Simon, you’re sweating, but your arm is cold, and your pulse is fast, irregular. I think you could be having a heart attack. Simon, do you understand?” Simon was awake, but didn’t respond. 
Paul checked him as well. “You’re right. This could be a heart attack.”
Amy realized Simon needed help, more than they could provide. “Frank, we need to get him to a hospital. Run to the store and call for an ambulance.”
“I don’t speak Spanish,” Frank answered.
She should have remembered that! “Paul, you’ll have to go.” Paul didn’t question it, he just ran down the dirt road to the store. 
“Frank, help me lay him across some chairs.” Amy took off Simon’s small backpack. She used it as a pillow, and with Frank’s assistance carefully laid Simon’s head on it. Amy saw that Simon’s skin was pale and his breathing was slow and shallow. Some of the people from the cantina were offering to help, but no one was a doctor. She was given a cold bottle of water by the bartender, and borrowed a towel. She wet it, and put it on Simon’s forehead. There was nothing else she could think to do. 
To keep her mind occupied while they waited, Amy picked up Simon’s walking stick from where Frank had put it down. It looked heavy, but wasn’t, and went from about three quarters of an inch wide at the top to maybe an inch and a half at the bottom. It was dark brown, polished without being too shiny or slippery, about five feet long, and covered in an intertwining line pattern except for a center band of small symbols. Beautiful.
“I don’t like this waiting,” said Frank pacing around. “It makes me feel helpless.” Amy didn’t answer; she felt the same. They both watched Simon’s slow breathing. Frank pointed out that Simon’s backpack was some unusual type of leather, and hand made, but finally lapsed into silence.
They watched Paul come back down the road to the cantina, where he announced to them and the people in cantina that the ambulance will be here in 10 minutes. Paul quietly told Amy and Frank, “Because I didn’t know if Simon was Mexican, I had to promise them a credit card number when they arrive, otherwise they wouldn’t come.”
“You should have said he was Mexican,” Frank commented. Amy just ignored him; Frank wasn’t always truthful, and he didn’t see honesty as an issue sometimes.
As Amy watched Simon, his breathing became slower and shallower. The waiting seemed endless. By the time the ambulance came, it was hard to tell if Simon was still breathing, and his pulse was so faint that sometimes when she checked, Amy wasn’t sure his heart was beating. Paul ran to the road and waved the ambulance down. 
Amy confirmed everything in Spanish with the ambulance driver while the paramedics examined Simon; especially that she would pay. The paramedics quickly transferred Simon to a stretcher and carried him across the sand to the ambulance. 
“I need to go with them to complete the paperwork,” Amy told Paul and Frank. “Can you guys come up to the hospital?”
“We’ll get a taxi and see you there,” Paul answered, as he picked up Simon’s backpack and walking stick.
Amy was relieved; she didn’t want to do this alone. “Great!” and she jumped into the back of the ambulance. The ambulance left with its sirens screaming. Amy realized that she didn’t even know where it was going!
* * *
Paul followed the English signs to Admitting; San Crecerlan was a tourist town. Frank tagged along behind him. Paul noted the worn floors, dented and scraped walls, and stained ceiling tiles. The smell of disinfectant was like that of any hospital. At the counter, he found Amy filling out a number of hospital forms. 
“Simon recovered briefly, and he told them he wasn’t Mexican,” Amy told them. “After that he relapsed, and they shocked him a number of times to get his heart going. It didn’t look good. He’s still in emergency, and I don’t know if he’s alive. I’ve been waiting out here. They wouldn’t give him any medication unless he had cash or insurance, so I’m taking care of it.”
“Amy, you shouldn’t try to take care of every sick man you find,” said Frank as he pushed in beside Amy trying to look at the forms she was filling out, “that’s what governments and insurance are for. What about everyone else in this hospital? How much will it cost?”
Amy answered firmly, “Well, I have the money, and if I choose to, I’ll do it! Life is about making a difference!” 
“You can do this indefinitely!” challenged Frank.
“No I can’t. But I will do what I can!” answered Amy with eyes flaming, turning back to the hospital forms. 
Paul saw Frank was getting stubborn, and his cheeks were getting red. Frank continued, “What if he needs surgery or something?”
Amy ignored him.
Paul pulled Frank to the waiting room to prevent any more friction, and to let Amy complete the forms in peace. He didn’t disagree with Frank, but Amy was a big girl and could make her own decisions. The waiting room was small, with only a few plastic beach chairs already taken by relatives and friends of other patients. It wasn’t quiet! The kids in the waiting room were screaming and fighting, women were shouting at the kids, and men were speaking to each other loudly over the noise. 
Amy joined them once she was finished with the forms. Ignoring the argument with Frank, Amy explained, “Sorry that took so long, the forms were in Spanish and hard to figure out.” Amy looked and listened to the chaos in the waiting room, and suggested, “Why don’t you two wait outside? I can get you if there’s any change.”
Frank checked his phone. “It’s dinner time,” Frank stated. Paul figured out that he meant supper after a second. Frank was from Canada and his English was a little different sometimes. “Our families are expecting us.”
“Duh! Of course! They’ll think we’re lost!” said Amy, slapping her forehead. “I’ll stay here. You guys go back and let everyone know what’s happening. Paul, leave Simon’s backpack and walking stick with me in case he needs them.” Paul put them against the wall behind Amy.
Leaving was OK by Paul; he didn’t like hospitals. He was reluctant to leave Amy, but was thankful of the chance to get out of the madhouse of the waiting room. The excruciating screech of a baby demanding its bottle decided it for him. Paul gave Amy a sympathetic squeeze on the shoulder, before saying, “OK, we’ll see you later.”
* * *
A long five hours later, an emergency room nurse told Amy, “Simon is resting. We moved him to Ward 5. You can visit him for few minutes, but then you’ll have to leave. Please understand,” the nurse paused, “he might not survive the night.”
After a struggle with directions, Amy found Ward 5. There were eight beds on each side of the single room, and over each bed a small window, open, in an unsuccessful attempt to keep the ward cool. The curtains hanging around each bed gently moved in a slow breeze. Not seeing Simon, Amy went over to a bed in the far corner with the curtains closed. She found Simon awake, looking at her as she opened the curtains. She saw that he had more color in his face.
“How are you feeling?” asked Amy as she sat on the bed and held his hand.
“Better. I thank you Amy for buying the medicine for me. I have never seen a…aguja hipodérmica?”
“Hypodermic syringe,” said Amy.
Simon memorized that word before continuing. “Yes, hypodermic syringe; on my…where I come from, we don’t have anything like that.”
Amy wondered where on Earth they didn’t have syringes, “We were worried about you.”
“I am old. I hoped to get home, but that may not be possible now. I see you kept my pack and staff safe. Thank you.”
“Where’s home?” asked Amy. Simon’s gaze slid away from her face. Didn’t he trust her? Amy let go of Simon’s hand. 
“For you, a long journey from here. When I came here I had to learn Spanish, and then once I found that English was the language for most of your planet, I learned English,” said Simon, slurring some of the words.
Amy’s thoughts focused on ‘most of your planet’. What a strange thing to say! What did Simon mean? She could see that he was exhausted, so she’d have to ask later. “I’d best go and let you sleep. I’ll come back in the morning and see how you are.”
Simon gripped her arm, he coughed clearing his throat, sweat beading on his forehead, “Yes, I’m tired. I need to see all three of you in the morning. Will you all come?”
Amy was starting to worry. Simon was acting strange again with this emphasis on ‘three’, but, she reasoned with herself; the man had just had a heart attack, and she had to make allowances. There would be no harm in having Paul and Frank come with her tomorrow. “OK, we’ll come. You get a good night’s sleep and all three of us will be back in the morning.”
Simon struggled to say one more thing to her, “Amy, please take my pack and staff with you. Bring them back in the morning. They won’t be safe here.”
“OK,” said Amy. She wiped the sweat off Simon’s forehead, and then picked up the pack and walking stick. As she picked up the walking stick something stung her palm, probably a splinter, she’d look later. As Amy walked around the bed to leave, Simon was already asleep.
* * *
Back at the resort Amy found Paul and Frank near the pool talking under the lights. She pulled over a deck chair and sat down with them. “Simon asked me to take care of his pack and staff. The doctor said that Simon was old and his heart was not strong. The heart attack has damaged it. If Simon’s alive, a specialist will look at him early tomorrow, but he may not live out the night. Simon insisted that all three of us come in the morning, and I said we would.” 
Paul and Frank weren’t thrilled to go back to the hospital, but they agreed.
* * *
Amy found her parents and her brother John in the resort’s theatre. The evening show had just ended, and they were finishing their drinks. Amy’s parents were still getting used to the idea that John could now legally drink alcohol, and he was careful to limit his consumption in front of them. Amy grabbed a vacant chair and joined them, ate what was left of their nachos, and updated them on what had happened after Paul and Frank had left her to come back to the resort.
Her Dad was thinking about what she’d said, and her Mom was quietly waiting for him to comment. This routine was normal. Luc Eugene La Reine was a leader, in the family, in business, and in his time in the army before he retired. The army had put its stamp on him; even now he sat at attention, his back hardly touching the chair. Not that Rosemary La Reine was a pushover; in family matters she usually let Dad have his say first, and then she weighed in with her opinion. In business matters it was different; each of their businesses was completely separate, but they often sought the other’s advice and suggestions.
Dad’s tone was more of a question than a statement, “It could be expensive. Your trust fund was for university, not this.” 
Amy agreed, “Yes, I’ve thought of that. I have enough in the fund to complete university and do this.”
Mom asked, “So what’s next?”
“If Simon lives through the night, or even if he doesn’t, then I need to get his family, or someone, to come and take care of him.” Amy saw Dad and Mom nod to each other, and she guessed that was the answer they wanted. She hadn’t told them that Simon had been talking strangely; what if he was some kind of wandering hermit with no family or friends?
* * *
Amy didn’t sleep well that night. A dream came, one she’d had before, a dream that was not always the same. The two guys with her were Paul and Frank, she knew that this time. Together they watched a group of men in red jackets using their spears to herd some older people into a meadow. Amy knew they were from a village, but she didn’t know how she knew that. She’d watched this before. Her dream took her somewhere else; long grass surrounded her, ending at the base of smoking volcanoes. Next, a huge circle of tables in a yellow room, with hundreds of people...

Chapter 2 – Secret of the Pillar

Amy struggled to get out of the taxi first; Simon’s walking stick seemed to catch on everything. It was giving her a lot of trouble. She'd woken up with the walking stick in her hand, banging her shin with it. Amy remembered leaving it by the door, and couldn't remember getting up to get it. But she must have? 
Amy headed for the hospital entrance. Seeing Paul and Frank weren’t following, she shouted, “Come on! Simon asked to see us all. He just wants to thank you. You don’t have to stay.” She walked into the entrance. “Wimps!” Amy said, loud enough for them to hear.
Figuring that the guys would catch up, Amy went to the reception desk.  She was told that Simon was recovering, which was a relief. Paul and Frank were relieved when they saw Amy’s face. Amy said, “The specialist is in the hospital, and I’ll find him after saying hi to Simon.”
Simon was in the same bed, but this time the curtains were open. All the windows were still open, and after the night, the ward was pleasantly cool. Simon was sitting up, propped up on some pillows. He smiled at them as they came over. After checking how he was feeling, Amy went to find the specialist to figure out what to do about Simon, she didn’t want to abandon him. 
* * *
As she came back into the ward, Amy knew her face showed the bad news. Looking at her, Simon said, “You have talked to the Doctor. He tried to tell me about my heart but I didn’t understand it all. I know it is bad. Staff has told me it cannot be cured.”
Amy gave Frank a kick in the ankle, and after a confused look, Frank stood up so she could sit down to talk to Simon. Frank lacked the social graces, but he was smart, balancing things out. 
Frank told Amy, “I’ve checked his chart. I translated some of the Spanish with my phone, and Paul’s help. The chart says the only treatment recommended is medication.” Frank was incessantly curious, always seeking the answers to any problem or question. He was also a gadget freak, loving his phone, pad, and laptop, and Amy was sure that half of his luggage was electronics and cables. 
Amy’s eyes were damp, and after sitting down, she took a few breaths to get herself ready for this. “Simon, you’re right, it’s bad news. The specialist says your heart was weak from old age and the heart attack damaged your heart permanently. You are too old for a heart transplant, but, as Frank said, they can give you some medicine to help your heart.” Amy paused, and gathered her courage to tell Simon the worst part. “The specialist said you only have days or weeks to live, but they can make you comfortable during that time.” Amy had already asked about the cost, and she could afford it.
Simon didn’t respond to this, quietly looking at the ceiling, his eyes looking far away.
Amy asked, “Do you have family we can contact?”
Simon smiled, but he didn’t seem upset, “Yes, I have someone you can contact. The medicine has made me feel better, thank you for paying for that. What is a heart transplant? I understand the words, but not what they mean.”
Frank explained, “It’s when they operate, remove your heart, and put in a new heart from someone who has recently died in an accident.”
“Amazing,” said Simon. “There’s so much to learn here, but I seem to have run out of time.”
Frank muttered to Paul, “How can someone not know about heart transplants. Where did he come from? Some remote area of Mongolia, or eastern Europe?”
“Can we get in touch with your family, friends?” Amy insisted; there wasn’t much time to get hold of someone and get them here before the last week of the vacation was over.
Amy waited, Simon had heard her, but he was thinking about something. Simon looked at each one of them in turn. “I have friends at my school, but you can’t reach them in time.”
This response puzzled Amy, “We can get a message to them by email, or phone, or courier. We’ll find them some way.”
“Yes, you could take them a message, but it will take a long time to get there, over seven days, even if there are no problems on the journey,” said Simon. He looked at each of them again from his pillow, apparently making a decision. “I have some things at my camp that I need to prepare the message. Would you go and get them from my tent? My camp is at the ruins 10 minutes east of the village where you found me.”
“Sure,” said Amy, without consulting the others. If she got hold of his school, then the school or his family could come and take care of him. Amy was booked to fly back home on Saturday, and it would be expensive to change the ticket.
Frank pulled out a map from his backpack, and held it in front of Simon, “There are no ruins near the village on my map?”
Simon pointed out the location on the map, “It’s just a couple of old floors, probably too small to put on the map. Just 5 minutes along the road from the village, and then another 5 minutes up a path into the jungle.”
“And where’s your camp, exactly?” asked Paul; he liked everything to be clear. 
“You could think of it as hidden at the ruins,” answered Simon.
“No, exactly!” insisted Paul. 
“From where you arrive, my tent is in a clearing a short walk towards the rising sun.”
Simon looked at Amy, “It’s a secret that I will have to tell you. I first must have your oath that you will not tell anyone else. Amy?”
“Not even our families?”
“No one!”
“I promise,” said Amy, trying to catch the boys’ eyes. 
Simon wasn’t satisfied, “No, not a promise, an oath to the One Who Tests, to your God, that you will tell no one else.”
Amy answered testily, “I give my oath.”
Simon seemed satisfied. “Thank you, Amy.” Simon repeated the process with Frank and Paul, looking each in the eyes as they answered. “Then this is what you do. You step on the sun, a yellow stone in the mural on the floor, and tap a sequence with my staff,” said Simon with a smile. He lay back wearily on his pillow.
“What sequence?” asked Frank.
Amy interrupted, “Simon, do you need to rest?”
“No, I’m good for a little while. Do you have a piece of paper?” asked Simon. Frank pulled out a pen and a small notebook from his backpack. When Frank was ready, Simon dictated, “Write down this sequence of taps; 5-2-1-1 then 2-1-8 then 1 then 3-5-2-1 then 6-3-1-1.”
“What does it do?” asked Frank.
“It will allow you to go to the campsite. How? You will see how when you do what I ask.” Simon had Frank read the sequence back. “Now take my staff and tap that sequence on the floor.” 
“Sure,” said Frank, “but why such a long sequence?” Amy reached behind her and passed the staff to him. Paul threw a towel on the floor so that the tapping wouldn’t disturb the other patients or their visitors.
“I will explain it later but not today. Now, hold the staff in your right hand, with the wide end down,” instructed Simon. 
Frank switched the staff to his right hand, and with a shrug and a smile, tried to spin it around so the thick end was on the floor, but got tangled in the curtains. Once he was untangled, Frank tapped the sequence a number of times with Simon giving instructions on timing and spacing of the taps. 
Simon was satisfied, “Now, if you do the same thing when you are standing on the sun stone in the mural, you will go to my campsite.” 
“And how do I get back?” asked Frank.
“Good question!” added Paul.
“You stand on a similar stone at my campsite and tap a different sequence. Write this down, Frank.” Frank pulled his pen and paper out of his pocket again. “5-2-1-1 then 2-1-8 then 1 then 3-5-2-1 then 5-2-7-8”
“Only the last four taps in the sequence are different?” questioned Frank.
Simon smiled at Frank, “Yes, that’s true. I will explain why later. Now when you step on the stone, make sure that everything is within the large circle in the mural; anything not inside the large circle could be cut off.”
Paul jumped in, “Cut off? How? Is this dangerous?”
Simon didn’t seem fazed by this response, “The large circle is nine strides across; you just need to be aware of it. I intend you no harm. I will be here in the hospital as a hostage and one of you can go and come back. If the person who goes doesn’t come back, you can easily take me to the police.”
Frank was puzzled, “Why can’t you just describe how it works?”
“No. You can only do what I ask, or not do it. It’s the only way.”
Frank was not going to be distracted, “What do you want from your campsite?”
“Inside my tent is a bag with five journals. Bring back that bag.”
“OK, we’ll get it,” said Amy.
Paul looked at her, pointed with his fingers, and moved his lips to indicate that he wanted to talk in the corridor.
Amy said to Simon, “We’re going down the corridor to discuss this.” Simon just lay there. Amy got up and led the others down the corridor until they were out of sight.
Simon closed his eyes, smiling. 
Paul looked grim, “It’s stupid to trust someone you’ve only talked to for ten minutes.”
Amy moved to the wall, leaned back and eyed him, “Simon’s a good person, and hasn’t lied to us.”
Frank pointed out, “But he hasn't told us everything!”
She pleaded, “We can’t abandon him! Even if he hasn't told us everything, I’ll still do it, on my own if necessary. If I can contact his school then someone can come and take care of him.”
Paul shrugged, “Why insist on oaths? We’re not kids!”
Amy agreed, “I know that’s weird, but he just had a heart attack! Give the guy a break!”
Paul insisted, “We don’t know what this is about! We should say no.” He looked to Frank.
Frank shook his head, he wanted to go. It was clear that Paul was the only one opposed to doing what Simon asked. The discussion tapered off. 
Paul stated, “If you both want to go, then I’ll go with you.”
“Thanks Paul,” said Amy.
Paul nodded to Amy but his face showed that he was not happy. “Look, if anyone goes then I’m the best person to go.”
Amy asked Frank, “Any objections?” Frank just shook his head. He was as eager as Amy was to find out what Simon’s secret was. 
Amy said, “OK, then you do it Paul and tell us what happens. If you don’t come back in five minutes, we’ll call the police.” Amy led them back into the ward.
Once they reached the bed, Paul said to Simon, “I’ll do it.”
“Thank you” Simon said, looking very pleased, “Remember everything. Once Paul comes back, if anyone else wants to go, you can all stand near the yellow stone together. Just stay away from the edge of the large circle.” 
Amy wondered why this made Simon so pleased. No, not just pleased, more like a golfer that just hit a hole in one, ecstatic! 
* * *
Frank led the way. There was no stopping him. He’d already taken them to every ruin within walking distance of the resort, plus a few that required bus rides, which was an experience in itself. Frank was bored with just ocean, sun, and sand, having run out of ruins to see. Amy had discovered that a ruin was always the hottest place around; no shade and the stones reflected the heat. They reached where the path should take them into the jungle. Overgrown by bushes, the path wasn’t easy to find. Once they found it, Paul led the way up the rough path. Amy followed carrying Simon’s staff and pack, with Frank behind her. 
Soon the path opened up into a small clearing in the jungle. Amy could see that the clearing included the floors from two buildings and a few pieces of their outside walls. The larger floor consisted of grey stone blocks, nothing special. The smaller floor, however, was different, made of a row of grey tiles around the outside and a mosaic over the center of the floor. The mural was faded but she could see eight long red sunrays and three shorter yellowish sunrays, coming out of a yellow sun on a blue sky. Amy could see the larger circle in the joints of the mural pieces; Frank paced off the diameter as about twenty-five feet. The remnants of the stone walls were broken down to the level of the floor in places, with a gap on one side where there was no trace of a wall. “This is beautiful,” said Amy, “How old is it?”
“This doesn’t look Mayan or Aztec,” said Frank, as he videoed the floor and the clearing. What was left of the walls had carvings inside and out. Frank borrowed Simon’s staff from Amy to video it against a wall. Carvings covered the staff, and Frank was comparing them to the style of the carvings on the walls. Amy saw that they were similar.
Paul examined the mural, and particularly the yellow stone, the sun in the center of the mural and the circle, asking, “How could tapping on this stone take me to his campsite?”
Amy was looking at the yellow stone as well, bending down to feel it. Amy said quietly. “Paul, it doesn’t make any sense to me either, but we’re here so let’s try it. I need to call his school.”
Paul looked around the clearing again, and once more at the yellow stone that clearly represented the sun. “OK, why not! We’ve come this far. But if nothing happens, I don’t want to hear any jokes about this.”
Frank laughed, “Of course! I wouldn’t want everyone to know I was tricked by a ninety-year-old peasant.”
Paul gave Frank an exasperated look. Leaving his backpack next to Frank’s, he walked to the yellow stone and stepped hesitantly into the exact center. Amy noticed that Paul was nervous, examining the stone’s surface. Frank gave him the piece of paper with the address sequences on it. Amy and Frank moved back outside the larger circle. 
Paul lifted Simon’s staff and tapped the wide end next to his feet, following the sequence on the paper. When he finished, Amy heard a faint deep bell-like sound, three times, as if you heard a church bell from blocks away. As the sound disappeared, and before Paul could move, a huge black dome appeared around where Paul stood. Less than a second later, the black dome was gone, as was Paul! 

Chapter 3 – Where on Earth?

Amy gasped. 
“Wow,” said Frank jumping up and moving to the circle. 
Amy grabbed Frank’s arm, stopping him. “Just start timing. We said 5 minutes,” Amy said firmly, although her fingers trembled as she let go of his arm.
She and Frank were standing, watching the stone and the circle, but keeping their distance. Frank started the stopwatch function on his phone.
“Frank, set your camcorder on that wall over there,” Amy suggested, pointing to the opposite corner. “Set it to record us and the floor.” 
Frank moved to the opposite side, careful to stay out of the circle. He aimed the camcorder across the floor. Frank signaled that he’d stay on the other side. Amy stayed where she was. 
The five minute limit passed! Should they call the police? They looked at each other, and continued to watch the floor in silence. “It's almost ten minutes,” said Frank looking at his watch. “It has to be soon.”
“How much longer should we wait?” Amy wondered out loud.
Frank shrugged, but he looked worried too.
Amy heard the faint bell-like sound again. Three tones. This time Amy could tell that the sound came from under the center of the tiled floor, where the yellow stone was. A second or two later, a huge black dome suddenly appeared on the floor, its bottom edge touching the large circle in the mosaic. In a fraction of a second it was gone and Paul was standing on the yellow stone, facing her. Paul smiled as he saw that Frank was now behind him. Paul wasn’t carrying Simon’s books. She asked, “Didn’t you find Simon’s tent?”
“I found the tent but you’ll have to see this for yourselves. Let’s go together.”
“Is it safe?” asked Frank.
“As far as I can tell.”
Frank asked, “What’s there? What did you find?” 
“You won’t believe me; you’ll just have to see it yourself.” 
Amy protested, joking, “Now you sound like Simon!” Amy was anxious to see whatever Paul had found, so she picked up Simon’s pack and moved close to Paul on the mosaic. Frank joined them.
“Closer,” said Paul, looking down at their feet. Amy could see a blush under his Italian tan and smiled. “It should be safe in the center. You’ll feel something cool moving fast from your feet to your head.”
Frank was laughing. “Looks cozy to me. Sure you’re not just doing this to get your hands on Amy?”
Amy teased, “Just pretend we’re dancing!”
Paul ignored them, and reading Frank’s notes, he tapped the sequence. 
Amy heard the three bell tones, this time from under her feet. As the final tone ended the black dome suddenly surrounded them. Amy felt the chill Paul had warned them about, moving from her feet to her head, almost as if it was pulling upwards on her a little. She found herself in absolute darkness, only knowing that Paul was still there because she could feel his arm under her fingers.  
* * *
Five years earlier, waiting in that same clearing in Mexico that Amy, Paul, and Frank had just left, were two people. 
Nick Molinaro, Director and Board member of the Society of the Book sat on a piece of the ruins looking at the mural and watching the archeologists pack up. Dave Higgins, his second in command, and friend, was there with him. If Nick was successful in using the pillar for the first time, or did not survive the attempt, Dave would take back that information to the Society of the Book.
Nick was impatient, fidgeting with his backpack as he waited for the archeologist’s team to leave. The Society had waited on Earth from before recorded history for this opportunity. Dave finished looking around the clearing and the ruins, came back, and sat next to him.
Nick whispered, “I wish they’d get a move on! I feel like I’ve personally been waiting for thousands of years for this. I’m getting older by the minute!” From his verbal orientation, the Society put nothing in writing; he knew that all of his predecessors had died without this chance. After 10 years he'd finally found a pillar. A footnote in an archeological magazine about some new ruins with unusual carvings, exposed by a torrential downpour, had caught his interest. A small archeological team had been sponsored.
“Is that it?” Dave asked looking at the round yellow stone in the middle of the mural.
“Yes. If it works we’ll have our chance to ‘step on the sun’ as they called it. Pray that it works. It took thousands of years to find this one.”
Dave asked quietly, so the men and women working around him wouldn’t hear, “How were they lost? That’s not been part of my briefing.”
“True. It’s on a need to know basis. But, I guess you need to know.” Nick stood up and signaled Dave to follow him away from listening ears. “Thousands of years ago the founding members of the Society were trapped on Earth by a sudden cataclysm. We think an asteroid hit the planet. The survivors struggled for decades to build wooden ships capable of sailing across the oceans. Once they had, they found that the pillar sites they were seeking were lost, buried by tsunami debris, overgrown by forests and jungles, drowned by lakes or oceans, or covered by the drifting sands of new deserts. Now, with a lot of money to spend, funneled through different companies, modern technology, and some luck, we’ve finally found one of the pillars. All that remains is to test it.” 
Señor Corzo was coming over to them, “Mr. Molinaro, Nick, we can’t thank your company enough for sponsoring this archeological work. I’m disappointed to tell you that we haven’t been able to tie the carvings or the mural to any other buildings or civilization, they remain a mystery.” The Mexican archeologist was sincere in his disappointment. “The small pieces of walls and floor mural poking out of the jungle had all the aspects of a promising find, but the excavation has been a disappointment. As you can see there were only the floors of these two buildings, and there were no artifacts to tell us how the buildings were used. In fact, there has been no way to date the age of the buildings at all. The carvings on the remnants of the walls around the mural floor are unique, but there is so little left that no further work can be done.” 
Nick could see that Señor Corzo was surprised that his sponsor did not seem upset by this news. “Señor Corzo, our company is not disappointed. We understand archeology, and we sponsor projects all over the world. Sometimes the answers don’t come quickly, and we are patient. We’re pleased with the mystery of the mural and the carvings; it gives us something new to look for. Whoever built these buildings must have built elsewhere; it is only a matter of time before we find them.” 
Señor Corzo was not to know that they were more than pleased with this find, and that the Society of the Book knew far more about this building than any archeologist did. This was, to date, the greatest achievement for the Society. The carvings and mural, in time, could help them find the other sites, and if this one worked they could leave Earth if they chose to. “We thank you and your team for your work. We’re going to stay for a while and take some photos in the afternoon light.”
They watched Señor Corzo’s team pack up the last of their surveying and photography equipment and head down the jungle path to the road and their van. Nick wasn’t waiting for the afternoon light; he was ensuring there would be no witnesses. He put his backpack on, grabbed his walking stick in his right hand, with the thick end down, and moved onto the mural, stopping at the center of the large yellow stone at the center of the floor. The walking stick was one of the original ones owned by the Society, and had an intertwining vine pattern except for a center band of small symbols. 
“Dave, your job is to tell the Chairman exactly what I did and what happened. If I can, I’ll come back to Earth in a few days and fly to New York.”
Dave just nodded, waiting outside the ruins on the grass, hopefully out of range of what might happen. 
Nick confidently followed the steps set out in the Book, a book only seen by a few, even in the Society. Something even Dave could not yet be told about. 
Dave watched Nick disappear. He hadn't really believed it would happen!  It took a few minutes to absorb the reality of what this meant. 
He took a different jungle path that would avoid any chance of bumping into Senor Corzo and his team. The archeologists hadn’t noticed that the carvings on Nick’s staff were similar to the carvings on the remnants of the stone walls; they might have asked a lot more questions if they had. 
* * *
There was a brief yellow flash, then darkness again, and then Amy found herself looking at a huge fern in bright daylight. Many ferns! The Mexican jungle was gone! The ferns were crowded together so tightly that nothing bigger than a cat would get through, and reached out over the stone platform they were on, cutting out much of the sky. What happened? Where was she?
“You can let go now,” said Paul gently.
“Yes, sorry,” answered Amy, distracted by the change in everything around her. She was standing on a square platform made of large square stone slabs. Beneath her feet was a yellow stone that looked similar, maybe pinker, to the one in the ruins. “Where are we?” 
Paul answered quietly, “I don’t know, but I want to find out.”
Amy felt the change in humidity and temperature. Her tee-shirt was stuck to her back. The air smelled strange, musty. Thick ferns surrounded them, and there were clouds in the sky, when there had been no clouds before. “Frank, where are we?”
Frank was looking at the sky, “This is awesome! It isn’t Mexico. There were no clouds in Mexico. See, the clouds are a sort of pink or beige. And look where the sun is. Behind the clouds, but it’s close to setting. It was morning in Mexico.” Frank pulled out his camera. He always had it with him. He wandered around the platform taking pictures. He suddenly looked back, “I thought we were going to a basement?”
“Some basement!” said Paul looking at the ferns and the clouds.
“Paul, where’s Simon’s campsite?” Amy asked as she looked around the platform.
“It’s behind those ferns, or whatever they are,” Paul pointed. “Follow me.” He led them around the stone platform and the carved large circle where the edge of the dome appeared. They didn’t know what would happen if they were in the circle when someone came, so they avoided it. He stopped at a patch of rock and sand that looked ordinary except it was a pinky yellow. Amy noticed that the clouds made the sun look a little orange. Following the rocky path between the ferns, Paul led them to a clearing composed of rock, sand, and patches of long grass. In the clearing Amy saw a large canvas tent, some boxes, a clothesline, a crude table built from many odd pieces of lumber, and a firepit lined with rocks. 
* * *
Colonel Dan Richards was looking over the Sergeant’s shoulder at the computer screen. The top corner of the screen showed the acronym GASP, which Dan ignored. Their program was officially called the Gravitational Anomaly Satellite Program, but the acronym GASP was discouraged as not being respectful of the public investment. Fat chance! The more GASP was discouraged, the more staff used it!
The Corporal called out, “General Hardisty on line 2, Sir.”
Dan picked up the phone, “Colonel Richards, Sir”
“Colonel, what do you have?”
“We’re looking at the data now, Sir. The pulses are the same as the single gravitational pulses we’ve recorded since we put up the satellite a year ago.” Dan Richards was first a scientist, and second a Colonel in the U.S. Army. There were many Earth based sources of gravitational pulses, including nuclear detonations and lab experiments. They all showed up differently from a star exploding in a distant galaxy, which was the civilian purpose of the satellite. “The type is the same, unknown, but it’s not a nuclear explosion.”
“Location?”
“Just a second, Sir. The computer’s still calculating. The satellite worked as expected, moving the sensors between each pulse.” The computer data finished scrolling and the Sergeant hit a key to bring up a globe map of the Earth. Three large circles were displayed on the map, overlapping, with shading from green to red. “General, with three pulses the source area shown in red covers the Gulf Coast of the US, Central America, and the western Caribbean. We’ll send you the map and the data.”
“Can’t you narrow that down?” General Hardisty was not impressed.
Dan answered, careful not to push any buttons with this rancorous General, “We’re working on that, Sir. The design of the sensors priorized the civilian applications, but we’re fine tuning the control and sensor software to get better data, and a more precise location.”
“Inform me as soon as there’s any progress. I don’t have to remind you that this could be a threat against the United States, and I expect you to continue to make this your first priority.” 
* * *
Amy took a closer look at the tent; it was made of a heavy canvas that looked hand woven rather than machine made, it felt waxy, and smelled faintly like rancid fat. Probably to waterproof it, she thought. Strips of leather tied the tent flaps together. Inside the tent was a wooden bed frame lashed together with rope. On the bed were blankets and a leather bag. “I’ve found Simon’s bag.” She put it on the table and opened it up.
Paul moved to the other side of the table. “Should we do that?”
Amy stopped for a second. “There’s no sense in coming here and not going back with the right stuff. I need to find the phone number or address of his school.” Amy placed five books on the table. 
Two of them were student notebooks you could buy in Mexico. The other three had hand bound leather covers, and handmade paper pages. She opened one. Each page was made of something that looked like expensive handmade paper, the type with the seeds and stems still in it that her mother sometimes bought her. Then Amy looked at the writing. Every page was covered with columns of symbols and short lines of text, all in black ink. She passed the books to Frank who was trying to read the writing. “What kind of writing is this, Frank? I can't see any address, most of it is nonsense. And where are we?”
Frank paused for a couple of seconds. “On where we are, it’s just a guess. I don’t know for certain.”
Amy was starting to understand Frank; he hated to say anything that wasn’t exactly right. “We understand, so just guess. Tell us where you ‘guess’ we are.” 
Frank thought for a second, “The sun was high in the sky when we left Mexico, but now it’s setting. The sky was clear in Mexico, and here we’re under thick beige colored clouds. I don’t know why they’re beige, maybe there’s a volcano around here. In Mexico it was dry and hot, here it’s really humid.”
Paul asked, “So what does that mean?”
Frank was looking at the books. “We’re not in Mexico.”
Amy, knowing Frank was reluctant to guess, asked and pleaded, “We’re not in Kansas either. So where would you guess we are? Just a guess.”
“You understand this is just a guess, I need more facts. Somehow that yellow stone moved us seven or eight hours east. To get a humid climate like this puts us somewhere in at least east Africa, maybe further east.”
* * *
Dan was working with the data on his computer. A fourth pulse had been detected. The map now showed a fourth circle. It didn’t change the result much, but the data, providing shading in red on the map, made Central America more likely. Dan picked up the phone, “Get me General Hardisty.”
* * *
Frank’s statement shocked her, but it was obvious that this wasn’t Mexico. She joined Paul as he explored around the campsite. Frank continued to study Simon’s journals. As it got darker, Amy and Paul started a fire using a disposable lighter they'd found in Simon’s supplies. The trunk of fallen ferns was brittle and seemed to burn well. Paul went out to collect more before it became completely dark, reaching into the ferns to pull out the debris.
A wind she couldn’t feel in the clearing was moving the tops of the ferns, it started as the sun set. The air smelled different now, drier, and her tee-shirt no longer stuck to her back. The clouds were evaporating away. A few stars appeared through gaps in the clouds. There was no moon in the sky. Should there be? Amy saw that Frank had closed the books and was looking at the sky as well. “Finished Frank?”
“As much as I can in firelight. Three journals are hand-made and have the symbols in sets of short lines filling the pages, but these two have Spanish and English words alongside symbols. They’re a dictionary of some kind, but what the third language is, or how you pronounce it, I don’t know. I do know that some of the characters are in cuneiform.” 
“What’s cuneiform?” asked Paul not knowing that English word.
“It’s like marks made from scratching a stick in wet clay, except here it’s done with a small brush and ink. It was the earliest writing on Earth.” Frank put the books back in Simon’s bag. Pointing up at the sky, “Do you see that constellation?” He was pointing at a gap in the clouds. “Those two stars and then those four stars in a sideways question mark?”
Amy looked at where Frank was pointing. “Yes, I do. Does that tell you where we are?” Paul was standing behind Frank, looking up to where he was pointing.
Frank didn’t answer the question directly. “That constellation is called Canis Major. If you look about 15 degrees to the right you’ll see a constellation called Centaurus, or the centaur.” Frank pointed out the constellation, “You can see the sword there, the body, and the legs.”
Amy, after a few attempts, saw the shape Frank was describing in the stars. “So do the constellations help tell where we are?”
“In a way,” answered Frank, “it tells me my first guess was wrong.” Frank was oblivious to their frustration. “If you look at Canis Major, between those two stars there should be a third star. I have a telescope at home and I’ve seen it, it’s called Sirius. It isn’t there, and there’s no clouds in the way. Now look at Centaurus again, at the bottom of the leg there’s the star called Hadar, and below that should be another star. It isn’t there either.”
Amy could see that Paul was getting frustrated with Frank’s rambling. Paul murmured, “So what does that mean, Frank? What does that tell us?” 
Frank answered distractedly, “The other star is called Alpha Centauri. Both Alpha Centauri and Sirius are stars close to Earth. There’s only one way they can be missing. We’re not on Earth!”

Chapter 4 – Theory Confirmed

Amy eyes widened, and the blood drained from her face, “What do you mean, not on Earth?”
“It’s the only explanation. One of my hobbies is astronomy. We look at Sirius all the time, but Alpha Centauri is in the southern sky. I know my star charts. Sirius is a double star about nine light years away. Alpha Centauri as a triple star only four light years away. Because they’re so close to Earth they’re brighter in the sky.”
“But how does that prove it?” asked Amy her voice shaking. She was scared; thinking that they’d traveled to Africa had been bad enough.
Frank picked up a long glassy greenish stone and a few small white stones from the ground and put them on the table. “This green stone is our sun, and these other stones are stars nearby and far away. Now if you were looking from Earth, these three stars would look like they were in a line. Even though two of them are far away.”
Amy moved around the table so she could look from behind the green stone that Frank was using to represent Earth. It did look like the other three stones formed a line. Paul looked and asked, “And?”
Seeing that Amy and Paul understood this, Frank continued; he pointed at one of the stones, the closest of the stones that formed the line. “Now if we left Earth, and went to this star here. When we look into space the stars that are far away would still be in the same place. This stone that was the closest of the three seems to have moved. It’s now nowhere near the other two stars from this new viewpoint. That’s my theory on what’s happened, and why I think we’re not on Earth.”
Paul was skeptical. “Theory? How do you prove this theory?” 
Amy picked up the green stone, looked at it curiously, and then put it in her pocket.
Frank looked up at the sky. “I can take pictures of the constellations; the brightest stars should come out with my camera. Then we compare those pictures with star charts I can access on the internet. If the local stars are missing, or moved, then we’re not on Earth.” Frank started to take his pictures of the sky.
Amy closed up the tent flaps, and showed Paul the leather ties and the strange fabric, “This fabric is not like anything I’ve seen before.”
Paul agreed, “I’ve never seen anything like it either.”
While Paul put out the fire using some sand, Amy picked up Simon’s bag of journals, putting them back inside Simon’s pack. Paul picked up Simon’s staff. With only the stars in the sky, all Amy could see was the outline of the ferns around the clearing. “How do we find the way back? Does anyone have a flashlight?”
Paul clicked on the lighter. “There’s candles in the box next to the tent.” The flame from the lighter was surprisingly bright, lighting up the whole area around the table. Paul found the box and pulled out two candles. Lighting them he gave one to Amy, and put the lighter in his pocket.
“Shouldn’t we leave the lighter here?” asked Amy.
“If the wind blows out the candles we’re going to need it,” Paul answered. “We can give it back to Simon, but we need to be able to relight the candles.”
Amy nodded, and then realizing that Paul probably couldn’t see her, she said, “That makes sense; we can put it in his bag.”
Paul said, pointing, “We go straight out this way, and then we’ll find the platform.” Paul moved off, looking for the pathway between the ferns. 
Amy came last, holding the candle up to give more light. She couldn’t remember being out on a night as dark as this. Fern branches kept threatening to brush the candle flame out. She was forced to lower the candle and keep her other hand in front of it. This cut down the candlelight but there seemed to be no other way to do it. They stumbled on the rough path, unable to see the rocks in the path in the flickering candlelight. They finally found the stone platform where they’d arrived. The two candles lit the platform for some distance, and they quickly found the yellow stone. 
Amy and Frank stepped outside of the carved larger circle so that Paul could go first to check that the coast was clear. It was a little spooky waiting in the dark huddled around a single candle, even though Frank was there.
Paul was back in less than a minute. Amy and Frank joined Paul, standing near the yellow stone. There was no teasing this time; there were other things to think about. Amy held up her candle while Paul read the paper and tapped the sequence, as his candle had blown out. 
* * *
The bright sunlight of Mexico blinded her! Amy nearly dropped her candle, “Jeez!” 
“Sorry! I forgot to warn you!” Paul’s sunglasses were on his head, he slid them down with a shake of his head.
“You’re not kidding!” exclaimed Frank. “That’s like having someone set off a flash in your eyes.”
Amy pulled out her sunglasses, “We’d better wear our sunglasses next time.”
Amy waited while Paul and Frank picked up their backpacks and Frank’s camcorder which had been left on the wall. Amy was still carrying Simon’s bag inside her backpack. 
Paul and Frank appeared to be as excited and exhausted by their adventure as she was. They spent the first part of the walk discussing the events of the morning; it already seemed unreal to Amy. Could they have gone to another planet? The conversation eventually died as each of them retreated to their own thoughts. 
When they could just see their resort down the road, Frank broke the silence, asking, “Did you see a yellow flash? I saw it the first time, but thought it could be caused by going from bright sunlight to dark. It was there on the way back, so that’s not it.”
Both Amy and Paul confirmed that they’d seen it as well, but none of them could guess what it could be.
Paul asked the question on Amy’s mind, “Now what? We didn't find an address.”
Amy agreed, “No, but I have a lot of questions. I think we’ve got to keep this a secret; we promised Simon. Anyway, either our parents would create a fuss, think us crazy, or try to forbid us to go back to the ruins. Besides, do any of us want to get into the ‘you’re an adult now, but’ conversations; no one wins!” They all understood the word ‘parents’ to include Frank’s aunt and uncle. Frank’s parents had died when he was a child and his father’s brother and his wife had taken care of him since then. 
They agreed to keep Simon’s secret, with the qualifier, for now. 
When they reached the lobby, it was quiet; in the middle of the day most people were at the pool or the beach. Amy felt different coming back to the resort this time, strangely separated from the place. Maybe other things were more important now. “OK, let’s clean up and meet at the lunch buffet in 2 hours,” suggested Amy, needing some time alone; she needed to think.
“Why so long? 10 minutes?” suggested Frank.
Amy just gave him a contemptuous look and left.
As Amy walked up the stairs she heard Frank exclaim, “What did I say?” and then told Paul, “I’ll see you at the buffet after I get the photos and the video downloaded to my laptop. If we have pictures, we're not crazy!” 
* * *
He was working quietly at his desk, checking a report on maintenance of the satellite. There was a knock on the open door. “Colonel Richards, do you have a minute?” 
“Yes, come in. What is it Sergeant?”
“Three more pulses, Sir.”
“Did the new satellite software work?”
“Yes Sir. We’re working on the new data now.” The Sergeant showed him new data on the satellite control terminal. Dan recognized the data, but one of the sets was incomplete.
“Sergeant, what happened to the data on the third pulse?”
“It’s the sensors in the satellite, Sir. They need more than 60 seconds to realign. The second and third pulses were too close together.”
They waited for the computer to finish its calculations. When the computer data finished scrolling, the Sergeant displayed the map. Six large circles were displayed on the map, overlapping, and the computer shaded the probable location in red. The red oval was smaller, covering Mexico, Belize, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, and part of Costa Rica, but that would be too big to satisfy General Hardisty. Dan prepared his written report, before calling the General.
* * *
Paul was at the buffet first. The resort restaurant was decorated in bright Mexican colors. It had a long buffet counter across most of the back wall. The food was good and there were different selections every day. Soon Paul’s plate was full and a glass of Coca-Cola Light completed his choices. He picked a quiet table in the far corner. Paul saw a number of familiar faces in the room, a few from last week, but mostly people who’d arrived this weekend. 
There was a Japanese family, four generations, grandma, the parents, the son and wife, and the grandchild in the high chair. Paul waved; he’d spoken to the son and wife a couple of times at the pool bar. They were fascinated by the Roman Empire and asked Paul for hints on visiting Rome. They were enjoying their visit to Mexico, but what was called oriental food in Mexico was not a pleasant surprise. 
An older Italian couple saw him and waved, they’d sat at the pool with his parents a number of times, but he didn’t know their names. They liked spending long hours in the restaurants, buffet, and snack bars each day, lovingly exchanging tastes of new foods. 
There were few other people at the buffet; it was getting to the end of lunch so there was lots of space. An American man nodded to him, he was on his own, easily identified by his Alabama tee shirt and ball cap. He was reading a book, perhaps ensuring that people left him alone. 
There was what Paul thought of as a typical North American family; man, wife and two noisy kids. Paul guessed that they were Canadian; no one else is that annoyingly polite, but by that standard you’d never guess that Frank was Canadian! Thinking about Canadians he recognized two French-speaking sisters in the corner who’d been here last week. Frank had met them at the Theatre and they had told him they were from Montreal. Frank told them that he had French speaking neighbors where he lived, and that there were over 6 million French speakers in Canada. Amy added over a million in the US to that. Paul had no idea that there were that many French speakers in North America. 
Paul choose a table with no neighbors, so the three of them could talk.
“Where’s Frank?” asked Amy as she arrived with her plate filled with fruit and yogurt.
“I haven’t seen him yet.” He wasn't surprised; this was typical of Frank, late again. While they started in on their plates, Paul observed, “You know Amy, that was disappointing.”
“What was disappointing?” Amy had no idea what he meant.
“Well, I read science fiction, watch movies, Star Wars, Lord of the Rings, watch Dr. Who and so on, and here we travel from planet to planet with a few taps of a walking stick on a stone. It’s just too easy!”
Amy laughed, “I don’t think it’s that easy. Someone put the stones there in the first place, and I don’t think it is just a stone.” 
He took the chance to discuss something before Frank arrived. “I’ve been thinking. Everything turned out OK, but we can’t be so trusting. Frank’s a bit absent-minded and we have to protect him. We could have all disappeared. No one would have known where. If someone stopped us from getting back to the yellow stone we would be stuck.”
Amy paused, biting her lip while she thought it through, “You’re right, but everything turned out OK this time. We’ll be more cautious.” 
Frank arrived with a heaped plate before Amy and Paul had emptied theirs.
Paul asked, “What kept you?”
“I was downloading the photos and the video,” mumbled Frank between bites. “There’s something on the video you have to see. I’ve set it up in my room, so we can all view it after we eat.” After that, Frank wouldn’t say any more about the video.
“Well,” Paul said, going to the dessert table, “if there’s another mystery then I need some ice cream first.” Frank and Amy joined him. 
* * *
The room was air-conditioned, cold compared to the heat outside. Amy sat on the couch, Paul sat next to her, and Frank put his laptop on a small round table in front of them. Frank started the video. She saw the black dome appear, disappear, Frank and her waiting for Paul to return, the dome re-appearing, the dome disappearing, and Paul standing there. Then she watched their discussion, and then the dome, and all three of them were gone. Frank paused the video. Amy had been ready to think that this was a dream. “Well, that was real enough.” 
“Yes!” exclaimed Paul. “Seeing it makes me believe it really happened. I didn’t realize that the dome was so big!”
Frank clicked the fast forward button. “Now watch. This is what I wanted to show you.”
Frank stopped the video when a man started to come out of the jungle. Amy heard an echo of her own surprise from Paul. Frank clicked play; they watched as the man left the jungle and stepped over the ruined wall onto the tiled floor. He examined Paul and Frank’s backpacks without touching them and looked around. He looked back up the path as if he was considering something.
Frank paused the video at a frame of the man’s face. It was partly hidden by a ball cap with a faded graphic on the front, and obscured by the shadow he was in. The man was wearing a faded blue tee shirt with the acronym for ‘I Love New York’ on the front, and blue jeans. He also had a staff similar to Simon’s, covered with carvings, but slightly lighter in color. They could only tell that he was about 30 and had short dark hair.
“He’s new to me,” commented Frank. Amy and Paul hadn’t seen him at the resort either.
Frank clicked play again. The man walked over to the yellow stone and used his staff to tap a sequence. The black dome appeared, but this time it didn't disappear.
Paul peered closely at the screen, “Is the camera stuck?”
“Just wait, eh!” said Frank.
After about thirty seconds, the black dome disappeared, and the man was gone.
“Let’s see that again,” Amy asked.
Frank reset the video and they all watched it again.
Paul pointed at the man as he started to tap a sequence. “He didn’t know that the camcorder was there. What sequence did he tap?”
Frank set it back to that frame and they watched the man tap 1-1-8. Frank pointed at the screen, “The dome is different too. For us it appeared and disappeared in half a second. For the man it stayed on for thirty seconds. And the bell didn’t sound, like it did for us.”
Paul looked at Amy and Frank, “Should we tell Simon about this?”
Amy asked, “Why not?”
Paul suggested, “Let’s keep it to ourselves for now, Simon’s keeping secrets too.” It was clear that Paul didn’t trust Simon.
Frank added, “I agree. I prefer to keep our options open; let’s tell Simon later.”
“I don’t like keeping secrets,” Amy said, but she didn't feel like arguing over this.
“You mean, apart from planet-sized secrets,” said Paul spreading his arms. They all laughed, releasing some of their tension. 
“Frank, what about the photos you took of the stars?”
Frank pointed at the screen. “Mine’s on the right. On the left, star charts off the internet. I haven’t had time to rotate the charts to match the pictures, but you can tell anyways. Look, that star is missing in the photo. The next photo and chart. Again, a star is missing. We were not on Earth.”
Amy looked closely at the screen. “Can you tell where we were?”
Frank thought for a second, “From the photos I shot I should be able to tell. There’s less than a dozen possibilities. We had to be close to Earth for the constellations to be similar.”
Paul asked, “How?”
Frank started up another program; the screen showed Sol in the center and many other colored dots. “This program has all the stars in it for 250 light years around Earth. I just have to move the observer’s location from Sol to other stars until the changed constellations match.”
Amy saw that Frank was anxious to start. “How long?”
“Five minutes if I’m lucky, a couple of hours if Murphy’s Law applies!”
Amy didn’t want to wait that long. “You can do that later.” Frank looked disappointed. “It’s time to talk to Simon. He's the only one who can tell us.” 
“This is more important Frank,” said Paul, supporting her.
Amy picked up Simon’s pack and staff. “I’ll meet you in the lobby after I get some food for Simon. That hospital food looked bad!” 
* * *
 “Yes,” said Simon quietly. “You were on another planet.” Frank punched his fist in the air as if he had just won a video game.
Amy saw that Paul was more somber. “What planet?”
Simon looked at all three of them, as if he was assessing their reliability. “The sun is one you call Sirius, about nine light years away.” Frank looked extremely pleased with himself. “I don’t know the Galactic name for Sirius or the planet. The system has two stars. For a short period, every seven of your years, radiation from the two suns will make the planet uninhabitable. It will happen in about two years from now. I camp there because no one uses that pillar, and I don’t like to live in the yellow domes. All people know is that people get sick and die after going to that planet, so they stay away.”
Frank couldn’t hold back any longer, “What’s a pillar? What’s a yellow dome? How is it different from the black dome? How did we get there? Where do you come from? What’s it like out there?”
Amy put her hand on Frank’s arm stopping the list of questions, “Easy Frank. Let’s try one question at a time.”
Simon smiled, “It’s OK Amy, I will answer your questions. I just can’t do it with other people listening. Someone might understand English.”
Amy could see that Paul was suspicious of this avoidance. He asked “Like, when?”
“The doctors have given me pills, and told me that they can do no more for me. They say I must rest, and if I do I should have some time before I die. They expect me to go home, so I want you to help me get to my campsite. I will give you the answers there. But we are going to need more than one staff.”
“Why?” asked Amy.
“Think about it.” Simon answered. Amy saw that Simon was watching her as she worked out the problem. If they used Simon’s staff to get back to Earth, then they would leave Simon stranded on that planet. Therefore, they needed their own staffs. Amy smiled back at Simon and nodded.
Simon reached over and lifted his staff onto his lap. “If you hold my staff horizontal, like this, you will find that the center of the wide end will push in.” Simon pushed and the center of the end, about half an inch across pushed in about a quarter of an inch. “Now I twist it clockwise, a quarter turn. Push it back again. Next, I twist it anticlockwise a quarter turn, until it stops. Now I just release it and it pops out like this. Pull it out with the notch up.” A wood cylinder, the same color as the staff came out of the bottom. It was about six inches long.
Simon held up the wooden cylinder. “Do you see eight holes in the notch?” asked Simon pointing to the top of the cylinder, “each one has a gold bead in it.” Simon passed the cylinder to Amy, and lay back on his pillow.
Amy, with Frank and Paul looked closely at the cylinder. Evenly spaced along the notch were eight small depressions, and in each, a tiny gold bead.
Simon told them, leaving his head on the pillow, “Those beads form a code that tells the pillar to operate. There are different codes for each of the guilds. My guild is the Wayfarers. Some pillars have been set to only allow their use with staffs having a guild code, or a created code. A created code is close to impossible to guess, and there are only a few ways it can be removed. Eight gold beads is the code all individuals use. That code allows you to travel through any public archway or pillar, to another city or a nearby planet. You can travel from an archway or pillar to a yellow dome, and then from the yellow dome to another archway or pillar. If the trip is preset, you go directly from archway to archway, or pillar to pillar.” 
Simon signaled Amy to give him back the cylinder, “You put it back together by doing the opposite sequence.” While Simon put the staff back together, he continued. “Now, on a pillar the black dome forms across the floor first. It separates the floor tiles from soft things like sandals or flesh. Then the black dome forms above you from the outside edge up. The platforms I sent you to are in good repair. Don’t stand in a hole; it could cut off the bottom of your feet!” With a smile, Simon added, “I always wear sandals.”
Simon had the staff back together and passed it to Frank, “You try it,” Simon prompted putting his head back on the pillow again. Amy was getting concerned that they were tiring Simon too much. Frank then unlocked the cylinder from the staff, showing everyone the beads.
While Frank put the staff back together, Simon told them, “Your staff does not have to be this complicated. Just find a walking stick. Put eight holes in it. Put gold in the bottom of each hole, and plug the holes. It can be as small as one of the links out of Amy’s chain.” Amy looked at her chain; it was one of her delicate ones. It wasn’t a gift, so she’d break it apart if needed. “Each of you needs your own staff. Frank, do you think you could make three staffs today?”
“Sure,” answered Frank. “When will you need them?”
“I need to sleep now. This has tired me out, but I am ready to leave the hospital after I’ve had a nap, say in two hours.”
Frank nodded. “OK. They’ll be ready.” 
Amy took the chain off her neck and handed it to Frank as he and Paul headed out of the ward. As Amy watched Simon fall asleep, she realized that they hadn't received very many answers! 

Chapter 5 – 100 Planets

After the taxi ride, the walk to the ruins, and using the pillar, Simon was so tired he could hardly stand. Amy went ahead with a flashlight to open up his tent, while Paul and Frank semi-carried Simon to the campsite and his tent.
Amy crawled back in, after Paul and Frank came out of the tent. She knelt next to Simon as he lay on his bed with a blanket over him. “How are you feeling?”
Simon grimaced. “I didn’t think that would be so hard! I can’t teach you about our planets today. Too tired. Can you come back at this planet’s dawn?”
“Sure. We’ll even bring you breakfast!” Amy took a water bottle out of her backpack, and left her flashlight. “Use this to take your pills.”
Simon just nodded, too tired to speak. 
Amy tied the tent flap behind her in a way that Simon could open it from the inside. She already heard the sound of Simon’s slow breathing as he slept. Amy stood and turned to Paul and Frank, “We’ll have to come back tomorrow, but let’s bring a camp bed for Simon.”
Frank nodded, “And if we’re going to spend time here, how about chairs for us, a camp stove and fuel, food and drinks. What else?”
“Some shade for Simon and us,” added Paul.
“Good,” said Amy. “If Simon is going to be tired all the time, we shouldn’t strain him. Frank let’s set up your camcorder and record what he says, and then Simon won’t have to repeat anything.” 
“Sure,” answered Frank. “I’ll need some extra batteries, no way to recharge them here. I’ll get them in town.”
“Well, I guess we’re going shopping. Frank, what time is it on Earth?” Amy smiled as she realized what she’d said. 
Frank smiled back, “On Earth it’s almost 3 pm. We have time to take a look around.”
Paul stated, “Let’s stay together. We can’t lose our way back. There’s no north or south here, no compass, no GPS, and no landmarks. This flashlight should last a couple of hours. If we get lost, we’re in trouble.”
“OK,” said Amy. “That makes sense.”
Paul suggested, “Let’s start back at the pillar.”
They looked around the platform but it seemed to be made of unremarkable grey stone slabs. The dome circle edge was there, represented only by a groove carved in the stones. Only the yellow pillar stone stood out as anything unusual. Amy examined the pillar stone. She was careful to keep her walking staff away from the pillar; she didn’t know what could happen. Frank and Paul were exploring the edge of the platform. 
Frank shouted, “There’s a path here.”
As she walked over, Amy saw them scraping off a patch of ground.
Frank pointed at the cleared patch of ground. “This isn’t rock, it’s like concrete. The path heads off into the jungle. Let’s see where it goes.”
Amy was nervous after Paul’s warning. “OK, but let’s keep to the path.”
Paul pointed at the ferns thickly lining both sides of the path, “Like, we have much choice!”
Frank led off down the gap in the ferns. Amy could see that the concrete kept the ferns from growing on the path. The ferns made an arch over the path, crowding the sides, and completely blocking the sky. It was spooky, in a yellowish green tunnel, and the flashlights only made it feel worse. The path was wide enough for two people to walk side by side, so while Frank led the way, she and Paul followed.
After 30 minutes, the ferns opened up to a clearing. Frank was looking down into a valley. 
“Look over there,” Frank pointed, looking through his binoculars.
At first, Amy wasn’t sure of what she was looking for. It was difficult to see in the starlight. What she initially thought was a rocky area was actually a cluster of ruined walls outlining where buildings once stood. Who had lived here, and why? 
Frank was following the path with his binoculars. “I think that this path goes down that slope over there and then swings back to those buildings. We can make it in half an hour.”
Paul was shaking his head. “We’ll have to come back tomorrow. We need to get to town before the stores close. Tomorrow, while Simon has a nap.”
Amy asked, “When is it daytime here again?”
“We need to be at the pillar by 5 am to make best use of the daylight at Simon's campsite,” said Frank.
Amy gasped, “5 am!”
“How will we get out that early?” asked Paul.
“Tell them that we’re going to see the sunrise from the hills?” suggested Frank. 
Paul added, “We can get up and meet in the lobby by 4:30. It took us 30 minutes to walk here from the ruins so we’ll get there about 5:00 am.”
“Yes, sunrise is at 5:30 so that works,” said Frank. “Make sure you stop at the buffet and get some sandwiches for tomorrow and some drinks too. We can keep them in our room fridges.” 
“Well, my parents are not going to believe that I want to get up at 4:00 am,” said Amy with a big smile. “Let’s go back to Earth, find them and tell them that their progeny are acting strangely again. Is there a restaurant booked tonight?”
Paul answered, “No. Our families were all going to meet at the buffet at 7 pm.”
They headed back to the pillar and then the resort, to reconnect with their families, and tell them a few white lies. Amy wished they could include the families in this secret, but how would they believe this, she wasn’t sure she believed it.
* * *
Dan was staying in the bachelor officer dormitories on a base near Washington DC, as the army was trying to making use of underutilized dormitory space, but that was OK by him. He travelled light and only slept at the dormitory. He hadn’t been able to get back to his office that day, so before he took off his uniform he checked his email. If he had to go to the satellite command center, he’d better know now.
An email from the Captain on duty at the satellite control center reported that there had been two more gravitational pulses. There was a new map, but the results from the satellite’s sensors did little to narrow down the location. Nothing that required him to go back to his office.
Dan knew that getting a better fix on the location would have to come from the new satellite software they were still testing. The Captain reported at the end of his email that the first simulation test on the software worked with only a couple of glitches, and they should be able to complete the testing the day after tomorrow. They would even have time to include some of the civilian updates that had been on hold.
Dan forwarded the email to General Hardisty with his own comments on the expected improvements from the new software. 
* * *
The buffet was so full that when Paul and his parents arrived he couldn’t see his friends. Amy stood up and waved both arms. Mrs. Fortezza saw her, and led her family to the seats Amy’s family had been holding at their table. It wasn’t a surprise that the Fortezza’s were late; they preferred to eat later in the evening. Paul said it was an Italian thing. Expecting the delay, Amy, her brother John, and Frank had brought plates of appetizers from the buffet to their table, and everyone was talking. 
Amy was seated between her Mom and Frank’s Aunt Gladys, and Mrs. Fortezza took the open seat opposite Amy. Amy didn’t know Italian, and Mrs. Fortezza spoke very little English, but they’d found out that they both spoke Spanish. Mrs. Fortezza had been happy to find someone she could talk to, as there were very few Italians at the resort. Amy suspected that she was a little lonely. Frank and John were at the other end of the table talking about the latest video games. The conversation at her end of the table was light, talking about the places they’d been, and the places they wanted to see, swapping hotel stories, and hints on travel.
Finally it was Mrs. Fortezza who asked the question. She asked her husband in Italian, and then Mr. Fortezza asked the question in English. Amy had some warning as Paul’s head turned sharply to his mother, and then Paul looked at her. Mr. Fortezza asked, looking at Amy, Paul, and Frank, “My wife would like to know what is going to happen to that man you rescued? Paul told us you didn’t get a phone number.”
Amy gave Paul and Frank a quick glance; they were expecting her to answer. She spoke loud enough to answer the whole table, but that wasn’t a challenge as everyone had stopped talking, “Simon seems to be OK now. He’s on the medication for his heart, but the specialist said he doesn’t have long to live, days or weeks only. We took him back to his camp in the jungle today, and made him comfortable there. We’ll visit him every day while we’re here.” Mr. Fortezza translated for his wife.
Mr. Fortezza asked, “But where is he from?”
Amy knew this could get sticky. If she told them that Simon was from another planet, the reaction would be…what? Who knows! Amy didn’t. If they believed them they would make them demonstrate, if they didn’t believe them they would have to demonstrate to prove it, and either way the police or government would get involved, and they would never again travel to other planets. So, Amy answered, “Simon seems to be some sort of travelling priest or monk. The nurses said that Simon didn’t know how old he was, but the specialist thought he was in his eighty’s or ninety’s. Simon’s first language is not Spanish or English, so we’ve had trouble understanding some things. He says he’s from a school that is at least a seven day hike from the nearest road or telephone.” Amy felt better telling a half-truth, even if it wasn’t the whole truth. “I suspect from how he talks about the school and God, that it’s a temple or monastery school. Simon was too tired to give us more information today, and said he will tell us how to get to his school tomorrow. We may be able to find a way to send them a message.”
That seemed to satisfy the curiosity about Simon, and conversations at the table moved back to lighter topics.
* * *
They were all in the lobby ten minutes early. It was 4:20 am, pitch black outside. The desk clerk at the lobby counter watched them; there was nothing else happening.
“I see we’re all anxious to get going,” Amy said, amused with her own enthusiasm for getting up this early. Loudly enough to be heard by the desk clerk, she announced, “Let’s go see that sunrise.” 
Once they were away from the resort, they collected the supplies they’d hidden in the jungle.
“We have a few extra minutes, so I want to discuss something,” said Paul.
“OK, what is it?” said Amy, anticipating some criticism.
“Yesterday was a great adventure, but it could have gone wrong. I like Simon, but we were too trusting. He may be a nice guy, but there must be others out there and some are not going to be nice people.” Paul was getting into the swing of it now and his voice was forceful. “We need to be more careful. We have to consider how we go about this, and we should not agree to anything until we discuss it as a group. It’s not that dangerous in Mexico, and our families are still happy that we stay together. So let’s be sensible about this, and be careful.”
He looked defiantly at Amy.
“Well, I don’t feel it was that dangerous,” said Amy, defending her decision, “but I can agree that we decided to go too quickly, and we could be more careful.”
“Make that definitely,” said Paul.
“OK, definitely,” she answered, “but I think we were all bored after a week on the beach or exploring ruins, there’s not even a nightclub here, and we jumped at the chance to do something exciting.”
“True,” Frank inserted.
“But we must be more careful now, don’t you agree?” Paul emphasized.
“OK, Paul, I agree,” she said, trying to close this discussion. “Let’s not discuss this till we puke. If it deals with safety, you just say what you want, and if no one objects, it just gets done. OK with that?”
“Yes, that sounds good,” said Paul, looking surprised that it was so easy. “How about you Frank?”
“Good for me too,” said Frank.
“OK, lead on Sub-lieutenant Fortezza,” said Amy, smiling.
Paul gave a short nod, happier now.
When Amy reached the pillar, she dropped the supplies in one corner with stuff Frank and Paul were carrying. They looked around to see if there was any trace of the man in the video. Paul found where he'd entered from the jungle, a narrow trail that led in the opposite direction from the dirt road, towards a nearby hill. Frank marked the path to the hill on his map. 
Paul picked up a stick and laid it across the circle in the mural. Amy watched in puzzled silence, saving questions for later. Paul announced, “I’ll go first and check everything's OK. I'll be right back.” Paul tapped the sequence on the pillar and he was gone. 
* * *
Simon was sitting on the rocky path when Paul appeared on the platform. Paul asked, “Is everything OK?”
“Everything is fine,” he answered. Paul nodded, tapped the sequence for Earth, and was gone.
Simon smiled to himself and said to the empty clearing, “A soldier to protect and serve.”
A minute later Amy, Frank, and Paul arrived together. Frank was holding part of a stick that was cleanly cut off. Frank and Paul compared it with the other end of the stick. They invisibly fitted together. Simon realized that they’d been testing his warning.
“I was watching the second sun come up,” and Simon pointed to it, now bright enough to shine in the morning sky. He then noticed the bags slung over their shoulders and the boxes they were carrying. “What did you bring?”
Amy answered, “We have some presents. They’ll make it more comfortable for all of us. Let’s go to the camp and set up.”
At the camp he watched with amazement as they transformed his camp. They opened up one box, and pulled out poles, fabric, and rope. In a few minutes they had put up a shade canopy big enough for them all to sit under. The long cylindrical bags had puzzled him, until they pulled out bundles of metal and fabric that unfolded into chairs, or what they called a lounger for him to lie on. He’d seen the chairs before, but hadn’t realized they folded up. Another box contained what Paul called a camp stove; it used liquid fuel and provided heat when a round thing was turned. Again he’d seen them before, but hadn’t known how they worked. Amy put a kettle with water on the flames and it quickly heated up. He was thrilled; this was so easy, he wouldn’t have to bring firewood from Earth any more. Simon stated, “I don’t know what to say, but thank you.”
“This will make us all more comfortable!” explained Amy as she organized the camping pots, food, and drinks, on the table, and made coffee for all of them.
“They say ‘she shall lead and care for all’,” he answered. Seeing the puzzled looks he explained, “That’s a translation of a phrase in Galactic, which reminds me to get started on teaching you the language.” 
Frank pulled some instruments out of his bag. “I’ll video this. We can use it to practice later.”
“What’s ‘video this’ mean?” Simon asked Frank. “I’ve seen the tourists with those boxes but I don’t know what they do.”
Amy directed, “Frank, show Simon your video of him in the hospital.”
Simon watched intently as Frank showed him on a small picture in the camera, video of him propped up on pillows in the hospital. The pictures moved and he could hear everyone talking. He shook his head in disbelief. “This is just like those televisions!” This planet had more technology than any other he’d seen or heard of. The One Who Tests had led him here, and now he was starting to see why.
Frank smiled at him. “By recording you we can watch it again later and practice the words you tell us. You’ll only have to say each word or phrase once, we can practice later.”
Simon shook his head again, the wonders that Earth had, it was beyond understanding, “And ‘a wizard shall advise and guide them’.” He explained to Frank, “Another phrase from a book written in Galactic.” He sat down on his lounger, sitting back in comfort with a sigh. “So comfortable! This will make it easier. First, I’ll tell you some of the Isolated Planets’ history. It will allow you to put everything else into perspective.” Amy, Paul, and Frank each took a chair and created a semi-circle facing him.
He told them, “It happened thousands of years ago, we don’t know exactly when. The stories were not written down until many years after the events, and most of our records were lost. What we have you can see in our library. Our civilization was a busy, peaceful, and happy place. People traveled about using the Pathways. A new invention then. Pathways were connected yellow domes. You could walk from one side of our civilization to another. In the cities there were many Transit Stations where you could walk into an archway, go to the yellow domes, or directly to another archway on the same planet or a nearby planet. Travelers could stop at Waystations, what we call hotels for travelers. They traded goods and ideas in the cities, and some just traveled for the wonder of it. Settlement of planets in this area was continuing. Stories tell of ships capable of moving planets to different orbits around their sun. Then something terrible happened.” 
“There was an invasion of our planets near the center of the galaxy, a war, and the call went out for all our leaders and soldiers to fight the invader. Then came a plague; it spread through our planets before anyone understood what it was. People became seriously ill, and only two thirds of those infected survived. People panicked. Assuming that travelers spread the disease, mobs killed any traveler or stranger they found. The Wayfarers, my guild, sent out orders that all travel was to be restricted, but it was too late.” 
“There were riots on many planets as the hysteria spread. Mobs destroyed Waystations, blocked archways, buried pillars with rubble, and killed any Wayfarers they could find. Then something happened to the Pathways. The connected yellow domes were destroyed somehow, some think by the war. Some archways exploded, destroying whole cities. Pillars and archways seemed to lock into whatever mode they were in at that moment in time. Pillars afterwards could only receive or send, some were locked to one source or destination, a few worked normally, but many stopped working. So few of our guild survived that knowledge of how to control the archways, pillars, and yellow domes was lost. There was starvation on many planets, and some planets started raiding other planets for food, and later for slaves. With the archways and pillars not operating properly, trade was disrupted, and there was not enough food to feed people on non-agricultural planets. They had to move or die. Within a generation, half of the population in the Isolated Planets died.” There were tears in his eyes when he thought of what was lost.
He took a deep breath. Simon felt tired, realizing that there was a lot to teach them before he died, and there wasn’t enough time. He recovered his composure, and looking at them said, “Now for the happy part. After generations had passed, people had forgotten about the plague. The remaining Wayfarers on my planet, now lacking knowledge in many areas, started to go back out into our planets, but we still keep our location secret. Many generations have studied the wall carvings, and our few records, and put them to use. We can redirect archways now, we have been able to reactivate some of the archways and pillars, but we do not know how to find new yellow domes, or connect yellow domes to each other. I’ve seen almost one hundred planets in this region of stars, what we call the Isolated Planets, but we are cut off from the rest of the galaxy. My guild is trying to reconnect the cities and planets of our civilization, but most of the knowledge has been lost. That is why I tried to learn about Earth’s technology.”
“So why did you bring us here?” asked Frank.
“To put it simply, I need help. I have no background in technology, and our civilization is a simple one based on agriculture, fishing, mining, crafts, and trade, with one language and one set of rules. There are a few planets that have more technology, but none like Earth. I have not traveled far from the pillar, but in talking with the old men in the village I have learnt much about your planet. They loaned me books and encyclopedias, gave me newspapers to help me learn Spanish and then English. They have shown me some technology, but I don’t understand how it works. The books told me that on Earth there are hundreds of nations, languages, and cultures, technology beyond my understanding, luxury, poverty, crime, officials and fences to stop you crossing borders, and war. It’s war that’s most frightening, the millions that have died.”
Paul protested, “Earth is mostly safe now. There's local wars and terrorism, but we're working on that.”
“It’s OK Paul. Wars happened when people fight to defend what they have, I see that. I also see that the civilized nations on Earth are trying to stop war. It’s just that war on the scale that has happened on Earth frightens me.”
“That’s OK,” said Amy, interrupting further protests from Paul. “It frightens me too. How do you want us to help you?”
“To over-simplify it, I want you to represent Earth to my planet, Quenlac Three. As I found that I do not have the skills to understand Earth or its technology, I realized that for someone from Earth, it should be simpler for them to learn about us. The technology you have could be used to help restore our civilization. However, what I ask you to do will not be easy. You must learn Galactic, how to travel using the archways, yellow domes, and pillars, and you will have to face many dangers out there.”
Paul leaned forward, “How dangerous?”
“The same as traveling on your planet without knowing the dangers from people and animals. As a Master of my guild, I can take you on as apprentice Wayfarers, but I must know you better. We will discuss what I’m allowed to tell you, and about your current Earth schools and your education.” Amy, Paul, and Frank had exchanged glances when he’d said, ‘what I’m allowed tell you’. 
Simon continued, “Also, I will ask you to make a decision as to whether you will commit to help us. I have to tell you now that the decision has to be unanimous, or it will be taken as a no.” 
“That’s harsh!” Frank argued.
“Why must it be unanimous?” asked Amy.
“It must be unanimous,” he answered, “because there are three of you now, and it must be three who help us. We are an old society and we believe help comes from a Council of Three led by a woman, as it is written in The Book of the One Who Tests, and prophesy.  If you are not unanimous, then you will not be three.” Simon waited silently.
“Why led by a woman?” Amy asked.
“It is what’s written.”
“That’s why you asked us on the road if we were three,” stated Paul. “What will you do with us if it’s not unanimous?”
“I will return you to Earth, collect your staffs, and allow you to go on your way. I will close down the pillar. No one on your planet will be able to make them function. Even if you tell someone about what has happened, there will be no proof, and you will not be believed. I will then ask the One Who Tests to help me find the true three, if I live long enough.”
“The One Who Tests?” asked Amy.
“The One Who Tests, the one you call God. Our society accepts the One Who Tests’ role in testing and guiding us. Those of you who go to a Temple on one of our planets will learn more about our beliefs. We don’t impose those beliefs; you are allowed to make your own choices.”
Amy returned the discussion to the subject, “There’s not much time to make a decision as we go home this weekend.” 
“No there’s not, so let’s get started,” he answered, thinking how true that was. “Our society, and those of other kinds, those you call aliens, was governed by a number of principles, and we apply those principles to our planets. Let me quote them to you.”
“The Principles given by the One Who Tests are these:
A guild, planet, community, or person shall serve the good of the One Who Tests, the good of the galaxy, the good of the planet, the good of the community, and the good of others.
A person shall be responsible for their own actions, and the actions of their children.
A guild or community shall be responsible for its actions, and the actions of its persons.
Councilors, anointed by the One Who Tests, and appointed by all, shall serve the good of all, and shall in a Council of Three, judge all in the name of the One Who Tests.
There shall be no other principles than these.”
Simon let them think about it for a few seconds. He explained, “These principles were the foundation on which our civilization worked, and will be the basis for how our civilization is to be restored. Examine everything I tell you, and measure it against these principles. There is no human Council of Three in the Isolated Planets now, but we, the Wayfarers on Quenlac Three, know that other kinds have one or more Councils of Three at any time.” 
He felt certain that in time they would come to a conclusion; the Isolated Planets had failed to keep the principles. He wondered what they would do about that.
“Other kinds, aliens?” asked Frank.
Simon expected that Frank would ask about that, “Yes, many kinds with their own societies. Kinds, similar to bears and spiders on Earth, have societies within our planets.”
Simon asked about their universities, and was pleased that they all would be finishing at the same time. He told them, “We have no universities on our planets. I think it is important to demonstrate the value of education to the Isolated Planets, and for that reason I ask you to wait until after your graduation to travel to Quenlac Three.” Amy realized that Simon was assuming that he wouldn’t live that long.
Then he started to teach them Galactic, the common language of most planets. It was difficult at first not to require repetition and practicing, but with so little time left, he just had to trust their technology to help them later when he was gone.
* * *
Colonel Dan Richards looked briefly at the data attached to the email. Three gravitational pulses, but only two good sets of data. Two of the pulses had been too close together again. His staff had updated the map, but as he expected, the two new ovals made little difference in defining the source. The center of the most probable area was definitely Mexico, but they couldn’t narrow it down yet. The new satellite software wasn’t ready, but if there was another set of pulses later tomorrow, they might be able to narrow the area down a little, and the center of the red area became a higher probability. Dan emailed an update to General Hardisty.
* * *
Amy listened as Simon went over the list of things he’d discuss with them over the next days. They, especially Frank, stopped him many times to ask questions and the morning had flown by. Simon was resting now, so they'd hiked to the lookout again. 
Amy drank from her water bottle. The planet was hotter in the daytime. Then she realized what she was thinking, ‘this planet’, and giggled. Paul and Frank gave her puzzled looks. “Well, let’s go. We don’t want to leave Simon for too long.”
The concrete path led across the slope of the hill providing an easy path to the ruins. There wasn’t much to see but Frank and Paul started to explore around the walls. It was a small place, with maybe twenty buildings on three streets. Collapsed walls didn't interest her, and she was looking across the valley trying to see where the lookout was. Frank shouted, calling them to him.
Paul took a direct line over the broken walls while Amy walked between the buildings. Frank was at the far corner of the ruins standing on a long grey beam.
“See this?” said Frank, pointing to the beam, “Some sort of monorail. There’s a metal guide on both sides, mostly corroded away. It goes up the valley. There must be something at the other end.”
Amy could see that Frank was anxious to follow the monorail to see what was at the other end. She asked, “How far away would the next station be?”
Frank thought for a few seconds, “Well, if it was close you wouldn’t need to use a monorail. The next station must be miles away.” Frank looked at Amy, realizing what she was thinking. “Too far to go this time.” 
* * *
Amy, Paul, and Frank spent that afternoon learning Galactic. Simon would show them a word in his book, have them pronounce it once or twice, and then move on to a new word or tense. They finished at dusk, now able to say brief sentences. They had supper with Simon, using a lantern they’d brought to light the table. 
Over supper Simon told them about some of the social rules in the Isolated Planets, including, “Conversation on our planets is very formal, and you would say excessively polite. There is no informality between people in public, and informal conversation only happens behind closed doors when alone. When you introduce yourselves or start a conversation you need to start by giving your full names followed by a compliment. The compliment can be something as simple as thanking them for speaking to you.”
Amy thought as she absorbed that, so much for a vacation! She'd never studied so hard. Her brain was fried, with galactic words bouncing around in her head.
Simon had one more piece of information for them before they left. “There were eight books made at the time of the invasion to assist the next human Council of Three in their work if there were no surviving Council of Three members to train them. We don’t know what the books contain, but we hope they contain knowledge that has been lost to us. Each book has gold covers and silver pages. Our records do say that to decode the books you will need all eight of them. I know of the planets where three books exist; one is rumored to be here on Earth but who has it we don’t know, and the other two are held by human authorities on the planets Pastureday Two and Fertile One. You must find these three books, and the other five, if you are to succeed.”
* * *
Later, when they were ready to return to Mexico, Frank set up his camcorder on his tripod next to the pillar stone to record Paul tapping the sequence and the dome; he wanted to get a record of the yellow flash. 
When they arrived in Mexico it was quiet, as Paul had reported, with no people about. They were silent as they walked down the path and along the dirt road through the village, each one of them thinking over what they’d been told, and too tired to talk. Amy was using her staff to walk as if she'd always had it. As they reached the resort lobby Amy stopped and asked, “How do we explain the staffs? Should we hide them in the jungle?”
Paul looked at his, “We need to keep them safe. Let’s just say that we made them as we needed them for some of the rougher trails. It’s close to the truth.” 
Amy agreed, and so did Frank, but she found herself uncomfortable with more half-truths, this was getting to be a bad habit. 
Paul must have seen her expression. “Maybe they won’t even ask.” 
* * *
General Hardisty had been notified that three pulses had been monitored by the satellite after it had received the new software. He appeared in Dan’s office 15 minutes later. Dan had moved the General to the situation room, and the satellite data and maps were being projected. A blank world map and a map of the Caribbean with the current probable area were shown on different screens.
The screen with the data was the one that Colonel Dan Richards was focused on. Analysis on the second set of data finished and the computer started on the third set. “General, the computer’s working on the third set of data now; we should have our new probable area in five minutes.”
Hardisty didn’t react except to say, “Tell me again why we need more than one group of pulses to narrow this down?”
Dan decided to try a military example, “Sir, it’s like triangulating an enemy’s position from their radio transmissions. To get the best triangulation we need the location of the detection equipment at 90 degrees to each other. With the short time delay between pulses in each group the satellite doesn’t move enough in its orbit to give us that triangulation. With a typical group of pulses the simulation showed us a probable area that’s 100 miles long and six miles wide. If the satellite is in a different part of its orbit tomorrow morning, and we get a group of pulses as we expect, we could narrow down the probable area to a 5 mile circle. More groups of pulses will make the circle smaller, but the best we can get will be 3 miles.”
General Hardisty nodded, “That’s the physical limitation of the sensors in the satellite?”
Dan was pleased that the General was now getting it, “Yes Sir. The only way we can narrow down the area further is with the portable detectors we proposed. Unfortunately we don’t have the budget for them.”
“I’m pleased you’re coming up with options, in the past you have not taken this threat to our national security seriously enough. You need to think like a military man, not like some scientist or politician!” General Hardisty suddenly changed the topic, as if he had just come to a decision. “How long to build the detectors if you get the go ahead?”
Dan wasn’t going to respond to the comment about a threat, or about thinking like a scientist, that wouldn’t get him anywhere with the General. Dan had stated many times before that while this type of pulse was unknown, it was not the type produced by nuclear explosions or other weapons. The General had taken a different view in that anything unknown was a threat to the USA, and every military man, including Dan, had better respond appropriately to that threat. “General Hardisty, we can cut down the time from the original estimate. If we utilize the two prototype sensors from the satellite development tests we can produce both portable detectors in 7 days. It would take another day to test them and move them closer to the probable area.”
“How portable?”
“The sensors themselves are 3 feet long and weigh over 100 pounds, but the detector can be run from a battery, and be transported by truck. They have the same accuracy as the sensor in the satellite; the key will be getting them closer to the source of the pulses.”
“That’s portable enough; we’ll have no problem moving something that size.”
The conversation was interrupted as the maps on the wall changed. Three new narrow ovals were drawn crossing each other offset at about five degrees each, centered over the west coast of Mexico. Then a red probable area was drawn by the computer over the ovals. As Dan expected, it was an oval 100 miles long by 6 miles wide in the center. “Sir, the new software worked as expected. This significantly narrows down the area.”
General Hardisty walked in front of the map, “Enlarge the center of the oval, I want to see what’s there.”
Dan zoomed in on the center of the red oval using the Caribbean map; there were no major cities, only one town in the area, San Crecerlan. It looked like an agricultural area, some jungle, a few small villages, and a resort on the coast. Dan waited for the General to comment.
“If you get a good triangulation, what are the chances that the 5 and 3 mile diameter areas will be within this area shown on the screen?”
“At least 95 percent, Sir”
“Good, that’s better than most intelligence estimates. We can work with that.” The General was silent for a few seconds, “Colonel Richards, get ready to build those detectors as soon as you get the funding. I’m going to the Pentagon with this tomorrow morning. Have a complete funding request on my desk by 8:00 am, and send me an updated report including tomorrow mornings pulses as fast as you can. I’ll allocate an Army Intelligence team to start investigating this area; give them a full briefing, and I want them in this area without delay. My office will notify the Mexican authorities, and then pass you the contact information.” With that statement General Hardisty gave him a salute, Dan stood to return it, and the General left. 
Dan sighed quietly; he had a long night ahead of him if the funding request was to be ready on time, but first he’d better warn his staff, get the intelligence briefing ready, and arrange transport to Mexico for the intelligence team.

Chapter 6 – Commitment 

Amy was waiting in the lobby, ready for their sunrise hike to the pillar. 
“Where’s Frank?” Paul asked as he arrived.
“He hasn’t come down yet,” she answered. “Give him a few minutes.” She didn't want to wake someone by ringing his phone at this hour; the walls between the rooms were not soundproof. They chose the softer chairs in the lobby.
Amy and Paul, while they waited, listened to a couple checking in at the reception desk, the only thing happening at 5 am. The guy said they were driving down the coast. They had decided that this was far enough, and they wanted to book into the resort for a few days. Amy saw that they were dressed in heavier clothes than you would expect to see in Mexico, even for before dawn, so they might have driven straight down from a cooler part of the USA. They both looked fit and had dark tans, along with hair cut really short, giving them a military look. While the man worked through the paperwork with the desk clerk, the woman looked at the lobby, and the part of the resort she could see. The woman glance at the two of them, but apart from a smile to Amy that suggested that she was impressed with their initiative at getting up so early; the woman paid no further attention to them.
“Sorry guys,” said Frank as he entered the lobby. “I forgot to download the video from the camcorder last night.”
“No problem, we have time to get to the top of the hill by sunrise,” said Amy, loud enough to be heard by everyone in the lobby. She led them out after picking up her backpack and staff.
Once out of the hearing of anyone in the lobby, Frank showed them the video frames of the yellow flash. It was difficult to tell, but it was all yellow, a room with some semi-circular shapes. Another mystery! 
* * *
When they arrived they found that Simon was awake, lying in the lounger. Amy was careful that they took a break for lunch, and stopped whenever Simon was looking tired. The lessons and discussions filled up the balance of the day. 
During that day Simon discussed the use of archways. It seemed that the normal yellow archways were easy; you just walked into them and arrived at your destination. Opening other types of archways was riskier, the staff had to remain in the archway until everyone and all their goods were through. When the staff was withdrawn, the archway would close and anything in the archway would be cut in two. Simon also said something about tapping the side of the archway, but cautioned that it didn’t work if the archway was not working properly. Amy wasn’t sure how they could tell that an archway wasn’t working properly, but she didn’t want to push Simon too hard.
By the end of the day Simon looked drained, announcing, “I’m going to lie down as soon as you leave.” 
Amy took that as a hint, with just a quick goodbye to Simon as they left. Amy was brain dead, this was hard work, and didn’t want to talk. She silently followed Paul and Frank through the ferns to the pillar. 
Paul said, “I’ll go first and check that everything is OK at the other end. If it’s OK, I’ll be back rapidamente.” Amy and Frank were too tired to tease him about slipping into Italian.
“What if you can’t come back?” asked Amy. She hadn’t asked this before, had thought it a few times, but was too tired to care this time.
“Wait at least a couple of hours before anyone tries it again, but it should be OK.” Paul stood on the pillar, tapped the sequence, and was gone. 
Amy and Frank waited, sitting on the ground, leaning against the ferns. Amy startled from her catnap, realized that Paul should have been back a few minutes ago! “What’s wrong?” she asked Frank.
“No idea,” stated Frank, shrugging his shoulders, “we’ll just have to wait.”
Suddenly, being on another planet was a lot more dangerous to Amy when it was possible they might never get back to Earth. After a very long ten minutes, Amy heard the bell sound three times. Her sigh of relief was echoed by Frank.
“Sorry about that guys,” said Paul. “There were a couple of Mexican kids on the path to the ruins. They didn’t see me, so I kept out of sight until they were well up the trail. We should go quickly, while the coast is clear.”
Amy asked, “What if you couldn't get back next time, or were arrested? What would we do then?”
All Paul said was, “I don't know.” 
They arrived without incident, and the Mexican kids were no longer around. Before they left the jungle clearing, Frank pulled out his map. “If we keep going back and forth between here, the village, and the resort, someone's going to get curious. Kids talk.”
“That’s a good point,” said Paul, and examined the map.
Paul pointed at the map, “If we take the path the Mr. New York used, then we should finish up on top of that hill. From there we can easily connect to a trail that leads back to the resort. That’s probably why he came that way, to avoid the village. If we come down from the hills to the resort, they'll think we’ve been hiking. Once we know that trail then we can come in that way each time, and avoid the village.”
“I hear no objections,” said Amy looking at the map. “Lead on Sub-lieutenant.”
Paul smiled back at her, sharing the joke. He led them up the narrow path, and Frank took the rear. As they climbed the hill, Amy saw that the narrow path entered an open meadow and joined a more traveled pathway across the hilltops. They carefully memorized the location of the path branching off to the ruins. 
* * *
As Paul followed Amy and Frank back into the resort and past the pool, he saw the couple from the lobby sitting in lounge chairs by the pool. Frank was busy saying hi to his aunt and uncle. Paul was just about to speak to the couple when a cellphone rang. The woman took it out of her camo backpack. Paul continued to walk past, not wanting to interrupt. As he passed them, he heard her quietly say, “Yes Sir,” in a military way. He continued to the stairs to the beach before looking back; they were whispering. Paul felt that something wasn’t right, but he wouldn’t tell the others about this yet, not until he was sure.
* * *
Amy led them along the beach to Amy’s and Paul’s parents, at their usual spots under the palapas. Everyone said hi, and Amy told them they’d all enjoyed hiking. Not quite a lie. The four parents had gone on a tour that day.
Mr. Fortezza told them, “You would have enjoyed it. There are ruins right in the middle of the city, and the shopping was great.” He smiled at Mrs. Fortezza, and translated what he’d said into Italian.
Amy didn’t want to chat so she stripped down to her bikini, ran down the beach and dived into the surf. Paul and Frank joined her. After ten minutes in the ocean, Amy felt both cleaner and de-stressed. She pointed down the beach, suggesting, “Let’s go to the end of the beach and talk.” The sun was getting cooler as it was almost sunset, and many of the vacationers had already returned to the resort, leaving the far end of the beach empty enough to give them some privacy. They pulled some lounge chairs into a triangle and settled in. 
Paul and Frank waited for Amy to start. “I want to talk about the questions we should have Simon answer. I don’t think we have enough information to commit to what he wants, but we’ll have to make that decision soon. We leave Mexico on Saturday.” 
Paul concluded, “There’s not enough time.”
“Yeah, there isn't!” agreed Frank.
“No there isn’t, but it's all the time we have,” said Amy, shrugging her shoulders. “I can see Simon’s point of view. We’re committed and we help him, or he closes the pillar. We’ll have to make that decision.”
“We need more answers,” Paul suggested to Amy and Frank. “We should figure out the questions and write them down.” Frank pulled out his pad, started an app, and began to take notes.
As the sun sank below the line between the blue sky and the blue ocean, they listed the questions they wanted answered. 
* * *
The Senate committee meeting had finished and the participants and audience were exiting from the meeting room. A Sergeant from the Communications Office was waiting in the corridor with a package; as it wasn’t marked urgent, he’d chosen to not interrupt the meeting.
“Colonel Richards,” called out the Sergeant.
“That’s me,” Colonel Daniel Richard responded, while holding out his ID.
“So I see, Sir. There’s a secure package for you. Please sign here.” The Sergeant passed over a clipboard.
Dan signed for the package, and moving to the side of the corridor, tore it open. The report and data printout inside were on a new series of pulses in the mid Mexican afternoon, and contained some new analysis on the pulses. It narrowed the area down to the 5 mile circle that he’d expected, the area that included San Crecerlan. He stood in the corridor for a minute trying, again, to puzzle out what these patterns of pulses meant. The Army Intelligence team and CIA people, with a liaison from the Mexican authorities, were now in the area observing activity and movement. 
Senator Joe Abrams was the chair of the Orbital Research Facilities Committee and came over to Dan as he left the meeting room, asking, “Something wrong, Daniel?”
“No Senator. Nothing’s wrong. It’s more like an interesting puzzle. We intend to brief the Committee when we have some conclusive information.” Dan reported to the Orbital Research Facilities Committee on the programs his group of scientists undertook, including the Gravitational Anomaly Satellite Program, as it was officially called, or unofficially as GASP. 
“Why don’t you walk with me to my office? You can tell me about your puzzle on the way.” They both turned to the corridor behind them, and Dan outlined the questions raised by the pulses in Mexico, the involvement of Army Intelligence, the CIA, and the Mexican military, and the progress they’d made in trying to locate the source.
When they reached the Senator’s office door, Senator Abrams shook Dan’s hand, concluding, “Thanks Daniel. There’s army politics involved here, things involving General Hardisty that you’re not aware of. Keep me informed, send copies of the reports to my office, and in the meantime I’ll put it on the official Committee agenda for next week. It’s time for the Committee to get involved.” The Senator headed into his office calling out orders to his staff to get him ready for his evening meeting.
Dan headed over to General Hardisty’s office, to give the General the same information he’d given the Senator. He wanted to avoid any repercussions with the General, and he needed to try to find out if the issues with the General might affect him or GASP.
* * *
Their parents, and Frank’s aunt and uncle, were puzzled by the announcement of yet another sunrise hike, but they weren’t going to question their progeny too much on getting up early when the opposite had been the issue in the past. 
That morning, the trip to the pillar was quiet with no people on the trails, or at the ruins. Simon was able to answer most of their questions, but it took all of the morning, as they had to give Simon more breaks so he could rest. Amy knew that they wouldn’t understand everything until they actually traveled to other planets, so she was willing to make a decision without knowing everything as she just had a feeling this was what they were supposed to do. She encouraged Paul and Frank to move to a decision as well.
Amy cooked a lunch for Simon, Paul, and Frank, but Simon just picked at it, eating very little.
The afternoon was spent talking about other planets, both in English and Galactic to give them a sense of sentence structure, but they struggled with speaking in Galactic. By the end of the day, Amy was tired, as were Paul and Frank. Simon looked worn out. 
Their return to Mexico was uneventful, except for sighting a helicopter flying over the area. Paul thought it was military because of the dull green paint job. 
Paul told Amy and Frank, “Remember the couple that were registering early in the morning, when we were waiting for Frank. When I was near them at the pool I heard one of them answer; ‘Yes Sir’. Everything says ‘military’ about them.”
 “It shouldn’t have anything to do with us,” Frank objected.
“Why do you think it’s about us?” asked Amy.
Paul answered, “I don’t know, it’s just a feeling.”
“Well, there’s no harm in being careful,” said Amy, wanting to support Paul if he was concerned.
* * *
Once back at the resort Amy led them to the theatre, empty since rehearsals weren’t until the afternoon. Their discussion on their future, the Isolated Planets, and Earth, quickly consumed an hour. Paul was insistent that they should go to the government with this information.
“Paul,” insisted Amy, “I gave my word to Simon, and I intend to keep my word. We agreed to this together. Didn’t you give your oath?”
This was the difficult point for Paul, “Yes, I did, but this is more important than any oath! My commanders, my government, need to know.”
“Why? Summarize it for me,” asked Frank.
Paul responded, “Our governments have the expertise and personnel that are needed to deal with this. The military command structure is designed to deal with unusual and evolving situations like this.”
Frank asked, “No argument with that, but if we told our governments would they allow us to go to Quenlac Three as we promised?”
Paul reluctantly answered, “No, they wouldn’t let a bunch of students go.”  
“Then it’s simple,” Amy suggested to Paul, “you keep your oath and tell the government.”
“And how do I do that?”
Amy resisted smiling, “Simon had us give our oath to tell no one about this and to return his staff and journals to the Wayfarers on Quenlac Three. After that, your oath is complete; you can then tell your government whatever you want. Can you accept that?”
Paul thought about it, “OK, I accept that. But I still think it’s better to go to our governments now.”
“So?” asked Amy, “are we agreed that we’re going to travel to other planets?”
“Yes!” Frank said enthusiastically. Then he surprised Amy with, “When we come back we should tell our families before we tell anyone else.”
Amy and Paul both nodded in agreement. They all had supportive families and it was hard to lie to them about this.
“Agreed,” said Paul, after a short silence.
“I agree too. That’s unanimous!” announced Amy, hiding her relief. None of them could resist the desire to travel to other planets, they were committed. 
It was time to leave the theatre. Amy reviewed her notes, “I think we need to agree on some priorities,” said Amy. The others waited for her to continue. “I have four. We all have a heavy load with studies, so our first priority is to complete our studies. Simon seems to be more concerned about us completing our courses than our parents are!” They all smiled. “Then we travel to Quenlac Three next summer, right after we graduate.”
“Agreed!” said Frank. “It’s going to be tough to complete our degrees and travel out there during our semesters, but we don’t have time to waste.” Amy knew that Frank meant his masters, but he automatically hid the fact that he already had two degrees. Amy understood that; she had some brilliant friends at Duke University who were almost shunned by the other students when it was discovered they were not on their first degree. She sometimes felt more comfortable in their company, but her mind was not one that retained facts and information, even her childhood memories were few. Her mind was always busy analyzing an issue, and visioning the future in broad strokes.
“Second is to sell these gems.” Amy took out a rough blue stone from her pocket, hexagonal in shape, slightly longer than its diameter, and passed it to Frank. “This is what you picked up from the ground when you demonstrated the alignment of stars, remember?” Frank nodded. “I took a community college course on gems once, and I double-checked on the internet. This is a raw sapphire, that’s the same as a ruby, except its blue, and this one is worth maybe $3,000 wholesale.”
“No way!” Frank protested.
“Yes, way!” Amy responded. “I weighed it at the jewelry store. It was 7 grams, that’s 35 carats; at about $100 per carat for wholesale, that gives you $3,000. But that depends on the quality; this one looks good.”
“But it’s so tiny!” protested Frank, as he passed it to Paul.
“They’re not normally found this large,” answered Amy, “and the blue color is the most valuable after red. People pay a lot for gems and jewelry. They’re in the loose sand and rock at Simon’s campsite. Sapphires are found in stream beds; so the campsite must have been a stream bed at some time. I picked up another three from where Simon dug up the sod around the campfire, so we have four now. These gems, if we sell them, can provide funds for our travel and supplies, which means that we don’t have to take jobs to pay our bills. Jobs would just get in the way and we don’t have the time. I’m not sure how I get funds to each of you, and I’ll work on that with my Dad. In his business he sets up a new company or a partnership to work with each of his clients. I’ll ask him to set up a company, with all three of us as owners or shareholders. We’ll need to find more sapphires at the campsite, what I have won’t be enough. As Frank pointed out, we don’t want to be paupers when we come back to Earth so we set up the company to sell ideas, goods, herbal medicines, whatever from the Isolated Planets, on Earth.”
“How much will you have to tell your Dad?” asked Paul.
“Only that we all want to set up a business together,” Amy answered, trying to sound unconcerned. “He’ll help me without asking too many questions.” She didn’t really think it would be that easy! She’d just have to handle it. 
Amy continued, “The third priority is to explore the nearby stars and learn about them. One or more of us needs to explore planets at Christmas and Spring Break, and we’ll need to arrange our schedules so we’re traveling together as much as possible and learning Galactic each time.”
Paul was still worried, “We need to see how dangerous it is before we travel alone.” 
“I think you worry too much, but the first trip will be all three of us, so we’ll be OK. The first week our schedules match we meet in Mexico, meet Simon again at the campground, if he’s still there, and go on our first trip.” Amy knew she had avoided the possibility that Simon would be dead by then, but she just couldn’t say that out loud. 
“And we had a fourth?” prompted Frank.
“The fourth is communications,” Amy looked to Paul.
Paul nodded, “Yes. If we’re going to keep this secret, we’re going to have to be careful. I’m going to work out a secure way for us to communicate. In the meantime we use video and email, but avoid direct references to anything relating to travelling to other planets. Assume that someone reads everything you send. I don’t think the military is here by accident. Using a machine that sends you from one planet to another must give off some kind of signal; the power use must be huge.”
“You’re right about the amount of power it must use, but maybe you’re just paranoid,” Frank teased.
“Yeah! But am I paranoid enough?” replied Paul, laughing, getting smiles from Amy and Frank. 
Amy announced, “We’re decided. We’re going!”

Chapter 7 – Military Presence

Paul was the first to the lobby; dawn on Simon’s planet was later each day by about 30 minutes, so they were leaving about dawn in Mexico. Paul saw that the couple from the pool was in the lobby; they were talking to a group in Mexican military uniforms, and there were military vehicles on the entrance road, in the direction of the trail across the hilltops. The couple wore grey jackets and camouflage pants, and small backpacks with camouflage patterns that Paul recognized as US military issue. That was enough for Paul. It might be just a coincidence, but it might not be. He left the lobby and waited at the bottom of the stairs where Amy and Frank would come down, to divert them to the beach. He told them when they arrived, “There are military personnel and the couple I told you about in the lobby, and military vehicles on the road. We need to go along the beach to avoid any questions.”
Frank asked, “Do think something’s wrong?”
Paul said, “I don’t know, but unless you want to risk being asked questions, we should go the village route.”
“OK,” Frank answered, “but I don’t like this!”
“Let’s go by the beach,” Amy agreed.
Paul saw that they were the only ones on the beach, and he led them silently down the beach past the edge of the resort, and then cut across to the dirt road behind the beach which would take them to the village. As they walked down the road Paul watched a military truck pull out of a side street near the center of the village, and stop. He pointed this out to Amy and Frank, as soldiers started climbing out of the back of the truck, “Look!”
Amy was worried, “What’s going on there?”
Paul answered, “There’s no reason to think it has anything to do with us, but we should avoid them.”
“What should we do?” said Frank.
“Our best option,” Paul responded, pointing to the right, at a well-used track leading into the jungle, is to go into the jungle, skirt around the village, and get back to the road on the other side.”
“Why don’t we just go through the back streets?” asked Frank.
“We could,” he said, “but we take a chance on being seen, and there’s dogs in the village, their barking will give us away.”
“Why not just ignore them, and walk through?” asked Amy. “It has nothing to do with us.” 
“But if it is about us, or the man in the video, or the pillar, then someone might later remember three students being out shortly after dawn,” Paul explained.
“Yeah,” said Frank, “let’s avoid those questions.”
“OK,” answered Amy, “Let’s go through the jungle.”
Paul led them into the track. The jungle was less dense this close to the village, so the track was easier to follow. Once they were screened by the jungle, Paul used his flashlight as it was still dark in the trees and bushes, and they moved faster. He chose paths based on keeping them away from the village. Paul could hear dogs barking, which probably meant that the soldiers were moving about. 
It took at least fifteen minutes to skirt the village, but it seemed a lot longer to Paul. Once back to the road, Paul switched off his flashlight. He told Amy and Frank, “I don’t see any soldiers, but I think we should get there A.S.A.P.” Paul led them, running, down the road, careful not to trip anyone with his staff. 
Paul soon found the path to the ruins. He led them up the path, keeping them as quiet as he could. When they were close to the ruins, Paul heard two men talking in Spanish. Paul signaled Amy and Frank to be quiet. “There are two men talking, probably soldiers, at the ruins,” he whispered. “Get off the path. We’ll wait for them to leave.” Paul led them quietly to where they could sit down behind some bushes.
“Are there snakes out here?” asked Amy nervously.
Paul grinned, and answered in a whisper, “Yes, but if you see one, don’t scream.” Amy didn’t think it was funny.
They waited for 30 minutes, and then the soldiers finally left, heading up the hill. They waited until they couldn’t hear them talking any more. Paul led them cautiously into the clearing. No one was there. “This time we all go together. We just need to get out of here.”
 Simon wasn’t waiting for them when they came through. 
Amy suggested, “Simon must be at the campsite.”
 Paul stated, “I wish we knew how to stop the bell sound?”
“Mr. New York knew how,” Frank noted.
“Let’s ask Simon about the bell,” Amy suggested
As they entered the campsite Amy saw Simon in his lounger. He looked tired, and could hardly raise his hand to greet her. She took Simon’s wrist but could hardly find a pulse. She saw that Simon was looking at her face and knew what she was thinking.
“Amy, don’t worry. I know I have little time left. Paul and Frank, you sit down too. I need to focus on a few things. I had time to think this morning. I’m not going to teach you more Galactic today; I’ve more important things to cover. Besides, you can practice from what is on that camcorder.” Frank nodded. “So, Amy, first tell me what happened?” 
Amy explained to Simon what had happened in Mexico, without mentioning Mr. New York. 
“Well I can solve the problem with the bell,” said Simon. “There’s a code that brings up the black dome before you enter the sequence. The bell does not sound at either end. You have to be careful with this code as you can become dizzy in the dark of the dome. It’s absolutely black in the dome, and your air can run out in time. Once you’ve used this code, and the dome is up, then tap in the sequence.”
“I don’t think that the dark will be a problem, we’ve all been on rides,” said Frank.
Simon didn’t understand, and Amy put her palm up to interrupt Frank’s explanation.
“What’s the code?” Frank asked.
“It’s 1-1-8.” Simon said. 
Amy remembered this code from the video; it’s what the Mr. New York had tapped. Amy exchanged looks with Paul and Frank. 
Simon continued, “Now today, I have to tell you all the sequences to reach Quenlac Three. You must memorize them. Writing them down will put my planet at risk.”
Frank was curious, “What sort of risk?”
Simon looked at them all; Amy thought he was preparing to tell them bad news, “There are bandits and slavers, out there. People who invade vulnerable planets and kill, rob, and enslave. Be careful and do not draw attention to yourselves.”
Frank protested, “Bandits and slavers?”
Simon responded, “I have been told they exist on Earth as well. The route I give you should keep you away from their worlds.”
Simon paused, looking at each of them, and then looking at the ferns behind them, “So, do all three of you agree to undertake the task I asked of you?”
Amy answered for them all, “We discussed it, and all three of us agree to go.”
“Good!” Simon relaxed back in his lounger and smiled, “Now, we need to start on the sequences for the nineteen transits that will take you to Quenlac Three. Once you’ve memorized them I will tell you about each of the planets.” Gazing at the ferns around the clearing, Simon added, “You must not tell anyone the sequences, and never record them. I have prepared the journey for you, and the journey through these pillars, archways, and yellow domes, will teach you about the Isolated Planets. It is a path that you need to follow step by step.”
Simon needed many breaks that day, so progress was slow. He gave them an explanation about the yellow domes and the pillars, telling them, “We lost most knowledge but we have relearned some. A pillar can take you to a yellow dome. Most pillars are programmed to automatically send you on to the next pillar if you tap the right sequence. They can be programmed to go through a yellow dome, this gives you more range. In a yellow dome, using the archways there, we Wayfarers once were able to pair two archways together to create an automatic journey from dome to dome. In a yellow dome, or on another pillar that is yellow, if you tap the code 1-5-1, it will always send you back to where you came from. This means you can’t be trapped there. The 1-1-1 code works in the yellow domes and on any pillar that is yellow, sending you back to the pillar you came from, wiping out the record of the sequence. Good in emergencies. Use a 1-1-3 code to clear any record of where you came from; that protects secret locations.” 
There was a lot more for them to memorize during the long day.
It was dark before they finished, and Amy saw that Simon was frustrated at having to stop. They’d had to take lots of breaks; Simon was getting tired faster each day. Amy was frustrated too, there was so much more she wanted to ask. She’d left Simon a phone card, her cell number, and instructions on how to use the phone at the store. That was the best she could do in the situation, but knew it wasn’t enough. Amy felt really bad about abandoning Simon.
“One last thing,” said Simon. “Amy, I want you to use my staff.”
“But then you won’t have a staff!”
“I’ll have yours. Don’t worry; I won’t be traveling anymore. I’m too tired to argue. It’s yours now. I insist.” 
Amy agreed, “OK, but it’s still yours.”
Simon agreed, “As you say, OK. When you get to Quenlac Three, you can give it to them if you want. Staff is important and after my death it will assist you.” Simon took her hand and placed it firmly on the staff on top of the ring of carvings, squeezing her hand onto the staff. There was a sharp pain, like a static zap in her palm where it gripped the staff. A splinter, Amy thought. 
While Frank packed up the camcorder, Amy and Paul helped Simon into the tent and onto the bed. Simon was soon asleep. They forgot to look for sapphires, distracted by their concerns about Simon’s health. 
At the pillar, Amy asked, “Now what? The soldiers could still be at the pillar.”
Paul answered, “I’ve thought about that. Sending one of us through first doesn’t make sense. If one gets caught eventually the others get caught, and two trips increases the chance of getting caught. We should all go together from now on. Three can deal with any trouble better than one.”
Frank asked, “But what if the soldiers are still there?”
Paul smiled, “I suggest that as the dome disappears we just start walking. If the soldiers are there, we just act as if we walked into the clearing. Even if they see the dome, we’ll use the code so there is no bell, we just deny it. Who will they believe; two recruits who say that three people came out of a black dome, or three people who say they walked into the clearing startling the soldiers.”
“That could work,” answered Amy. “Who would believe a story about people appearing from a black dome?”
Frank agreed, “I wouldn’t. I hardly believe it and I’ve done it!”
When they arrived it was dusk in Mexico, and Amy was happy to see that no one was in the clearing. Paul led Amy and Frank quietly up the path. The jungle was quieter in the dark, with only a few birdcalls now and then. Near the top of the path Paul stopped them, whispering, “I smell cigarette smoke!”
Amy could hear some men, complaining to each other about being left there all day. 
Paul signaled for them to move quietly back down the path. “We need to go another way.”
“We’re in trouble!” Frank whispered. 
Paul raised his hand, halting Frank’s panic, “Some of the people at the resort, like your aunt and uncle, go to the bonfire at the cantina closest to the resort each sunset. There should be a crowd there now. We just go back with them.”
“How do we get through the village?” asked Amy.
“We can skirt the village through the jungle or the beach,” said Paul. “OK?” 
There were no objections from her or Frank, so Paul led them back down the path, through the clearing, and down to the road. They all stumbled over rocks and unseen roots on the path. As they reached the road Paul signaled them to wait as he moved carefully through the last bushes to the edge of the road. They were near enough to the beach that the surf drowned out any noise. Amy watched Paul move to the center of the road, and crouch down facing the village. She hoped he wouldn’t be seen.
Paul moved back to Amy and Frank, whispering, “There’s someone on the road at the bend before the village. They’re smoking and you can see the red tip of the cigarette. That red tip disappears when they pace back and forth. We’ll cross the road one at a time. I’ll wave when they have their back to us. We’ll use the bushes between the road and the beach for as long as we can. We'll go back by the beach, the jungle's no good. OK?” 
Amy and Frank answered, “OK.”
Paul went back to the road, waited for a while, and then moved quickly to the other side. He signaled and Amy ran across. Paul waited for the person on the road to turn around again. Amy saw the red dot of the cigarette disappear, and Paul signaled to Frank to join them. They'd made it this far.
“I can’t see anything, and there’s no path. We’ll have to use the flashlights in the bushes to the beach.” Paul took off his ball cap and wrapped it around the flashlight so there was only a small patch of light on the ground; Frank did the same using his jacket. 
Paul led them through the bushes, with Frank coming last shining his flashlight on Amy’s feet. They made some noise, but Amy thought that the surf would drown that out. It only took them a few minutes to reach the open area along the top of the beach. The moon wasn’t in the sky, but there was enough starlight to make their way and Amy could see the white surf on the beach. 
Paul stopped them at the edge of the open area before the first cantinas. Amy saw a number of soldiers under the store lights of the store in the center of the village. In front of the cantinas, they could see all the way down the beach to where the bonfire burned.
“How do we get there?” Frank whispered to Paul. 
Paul pointed to the surf, “If we go beyond the surf they can't see us. We wade past the village, and come up the beach at the bonfire.”
Frank said, “That’ll work but our tee-shirts are white or yellow, they’ll show up.”
“We could go naked,” Paul smiled, glancing at Amy, “our skins are tanned enough.”
Amy snorted, “Not likely!”
Paul laughed, “OK! OK! I wasn’t serious. We ‘boys’ can take off our tops and wade so that the water is above our shorts. Amy, you can wear my camo jacket to cover your yellow top; it’ll be hot but it’s dark enough. We’ll have to hold our bags away from the village so they don’t show up; be sure that none of the shiny parts reflect the lights.” 
Paul pulled out his jacket and put it over Amy and her backpack. It was big enough to cover everything. Amy thought she should be hard to see.
Amy asked, “What about our staffs?”
“Yeah!” stated Frank. “If we float them in the water, they won’t show up.”
“OK,” Paul agreed. “We go one at a time. Just wade out until your shorts stay covered.” Frank went first. Once Frank’s shorts were under the surface, he seemed to disappear. 
“Good! We can’t be seen,” said Paul. “Amy, just go straight out. Once you’re closer to Frank you’ll find him.” 
Amy waded out, it was just black beyond the surf and she couldn’t see Frank. Frank called out, “Over here Amy.”
Paul followed them and they could watch him come through the surf, and he was silhouetted against the surf. Frank called him to where they stood. They could see all of the beach and its cantinas; it was hard to imagine that the people couldn’t see them. Paul led them along the beach, staying behind the surf.
Amy wondered if there were jellyfish out here, and do sharks attack at night. She decided not to ask.
Paul stopped them once they were opposite the bonfire. “Those two people,” said Paul pointing at a cantina in the middle of the beach, “I’m sure they’re the couple I told you about. See how they keep looking up and down the beach.”
“Who are they?” asked Amy.
“Likely military,” Paul answered. “Their backpacks were US military camouflage patterns. Go up the beach one at a time; that way they won’t notice us. People are going from the bonfire to the water all the time.”
“I’ll go first,” said Frank. “Aunt Gladys and Uncle Al are there. I’ll tell them the hike was longer than planned.” Frank waded through the surf, and walked up the beach to the bonfire. 
* * *
 “Hi Aunt, Uncle, having fun?” asked Frank.
“Where’d you come from?” said Uncle Al, looking around.
“We waded through the surf to cool off. The hike took longer than planned. Here comes Amy now.” Amy was carrying Paul’s camo jacket.
“Having a good time?” Frank asked, trying to distract them from the one at a time procession through the surf. Frank was sure that if Uncle Al saw it he’d be suspicious.
“A real nice day, except for all these soldiers about. Did they bother you?” asked Aunt Gladys.
“We saw them. What are they doing?” asked Amy.
Aunt Gladys replied before Uncle Al could, “They said they were running an exercise. Every soldier that comes along asks us our names, and asks if we are from the resort; as if we could come from somewhere else!” 
Paul was up on the beach now, listening to the conversation. 
Frank thought they should be safe, just part of the bonfire group now. These soldiers made him nervous.
Uncle Al changed the subject, “Enough on that, back to fun. We’ve already eaten so why don’t you head back; we’ll see you at the show.”
Frank accepted the chance to avoid any further questions, “OK Uncle, we’ll see you there.” 
* * *
Al Wiseman watched them go, “What happened to the days when Frank told us everything?”
Aunt Gladys turned in her chair to look at her husband, “What hasn’t Frank told us?”
“I don’t know, but something happened that they don’t want to tell us about. Frank, Amy, and Paul have become really intense friends in a short time. A turning point in their lives, I think. Frank has already changed. You know I’ve never regretted taking Frank on. We couldn’t have our own children, and Frank, with his nose in his computer since he was eight, was an easy child to raise. A bit of a geek, but as brilliant as his father was. Having friends like Amy and Paul, it’s going to change him.” He added, laughing, “It might even improve his manners!”
Gladys looked carefully at Al; he didn't like to offer opinions, but when he did he was usually right. Gladys watched Frank, Amy, and Paul with a thoughtful expression, as they walked to the resort.
* * *
Amy, Paul, and Frank had reached the dirt road when they met a group of soldiers under the first resort lights. They were young, probably in their late teens. One asked them, in broken English, who they were, and where they were going. 
Amy stepped forward, smiling, and in fluent Spanish introduced everyone, telling the soldiers that they’d been at the bonfire and were now on their way to the resort. Amy’s Spanish brought out some smiles from the soldiers, as one of them noted down Amy’s response. Amy asked if they could proceed, and with smiles, the soldiers let them go on. 
Amy stopped outside the lobby where no one could hear them. “Do we want to discuss this tonight?” asked Amy. She received no response. “Well, I’m mentally overloaded. I need some downtime tonight, so let’s just enjoy the resort’s show. How about we meet at the beach tomorrow, my parents want me to join them for a while as it’s our last day here, and then we can head for Simon’s campsite.”
“That sounds good,” Paul responded, “I’m overloaded too.” 
Frank agreed, “Show tonight. After breakfast, at the beach. OK.” Frank left without even a look. Paul smiled at Amy, sharing her bewilderment at Frank’s lack of social skills, giving her a polite nod before he headed for his room.
* * *
General Hardisty entered the satellite control room. Colonel Daniel Richards approached him, saluted, and reported, “General, Sir, the second set of pulses came later than usual, and there was only one pulse this morning, and one pulse in the evening. A change in the pattern.  The sweep by the Mexican army found nothing, so I don’t think we are going to have anything happen now.”
General Hardisty was angry. “Today’s operation must have tipped off the terrorists. You’ve given our awareness away!”
“There’s no reason to conclude that, Sir.”
 “You didn’t handle it properly, Colonel. If we lose these terrorists now, you’ll be responsible. Here are your new orders.” General Hardisty handed him a folded sheet of paper. 
Dan read it, and refrained from responding. He knew that the General had approved all the operational plans; he’d just have to fight that battle at another time. The General left without another comment. Colonel Richards could see his staff visibly relax, as if a weight had come off their shoulders. Then he smiled, realizing he was doing exactly the same thing. 
He reminded himself that the General had some good points, improving his sections’ efficiency, and not to forget that.
Dan stayed in the control room, working through some paperwork he had brought with him. Later, the Captain on duty came up to his desk. “Yes, Captain?”
“Colonel, we had a single pulse at about 11:00 pm. We can’t place it accurately,” said the Captain.
“If you had to guess, would you say it came from the same area in Mexico?” asked Dan.
“Yes, Colonel.”
“OK, send an update to General Hardisty’s office, and notify Team One as well. Another thing Captain, a change in our orders.” Dan showed the Captain the new orders; there was only one major change.  “Advise our people in Mexico that the General has authorized the use of firearms if the situation justifies it.”

Chapter 8 – Last Day at the Resort

The next morning everyone at the resort seemed to be either at the pool or on the beach, squeezing in a last few hours of sun. The buses to the airport would arrive in the afternoon. Amy was with her parents on the beach. Her mother, Rosemary, insisted that Amy and John spend an hour on the beach, before taking off. John was her younger brother, going into his second year at university. He’d been as invisible as she had, doing his own thing, not exactly what Mom had been looking for. Amy figured, as a show of family solidarity, she’d not object. She’d only expected to have enough time to say goodbye to Simon before leaving anyways. 
It was nice to do something ordinary for a few minutes, but Amy wasn’t forgetting that there were just a few hours left with Simon.
Looking up and down the beach, Amy realized that this was now her old life, just sitting on the beach relaxing, worrying about starting university. But University now seemed like a small issue. Amy knew she would never be the same now she knew that Earth was just one of many planets. 
 Her brother’s head was buried in one of his second hand science fiction books, his form of protest at this imposition. When he was home, if he wasn’t playing a video game, John was reading, spending most of his spare money on second hand video games and books, trading in the ones he'd used or read.
“What book is that?” asked Amy.
“Science fiction,” answered John.
“Like duh!” she said patiently at the typical uncooperative answer from her brother. “Who’s the author, what’s it about?” Out of the corner of her eye she saw that Mom and Dad were listening. As typical siblings, she and John had little in common, treated each other in ways that brothers and sisters normally do, and rarely had a conversation.
“It’s by James P. Hogan, called Inherit the Stars, a classic, and it’s about what happens after they find a dead alien on the moon, and the impact on Earth, the first book in a series,” John answered cautiously as if he was expecting to be teased, and showing Amy the cover. 
“That sounds interesting,” said Amy. “Can I borrow it for the plane?”
“Sure,” said John, “I’ve only got a couple of chapters to go.” Amy could see from John’s face that he was thinking that this was an opportunity to get some information. “What’s with the walking stick? Going hiking again?”
“A short hike before we leave,” said Amy. She held out Simon's staff, “Do you want to see it?”
“Yes!” said John taking the staff from Amy. He carefully held the staff, feeling how solid it was, and looking at the carvings. He leaned over to Amy and whispered; “You told Mom and Dad that you bought this. There’s no way you purchased this in the village; I’ve been in the store, just tourist junk. What gives?”
Amy looked at John. He was inquisitive and if given a puzzle, he’d keep working at it until he got the answer. It was why he liked video games. He was also talkative, and would likely tell his friends. But, Amy thought, if we're to have supporters, it should include family; even John! Amy leaned closer to be sure that Mom and Dad wouldn’t hear, and whispered, “You’re right; I didn’t purchase this at the store. If I tell you, you can’t tell your friends, or Mom and Dad; this has to be just between us.”
“Well, I never told anyone about you sneaking out at night to see Billy,” whispered John. Amy was surprised. Billy was her old boyfriend. They had broken up, but she didn’t think anyone knew about her breaking curfew.
“And let’s keep it that way!” answered Amy quietly, but conceding that he could keep a secret, whispered, “I was given the staff by Simon, the priest we rescued in the village.”
“Why did he give it to you?” asked John quietly.
“As you know, Simon’s not healthy enough to get back to his school, and Paul, Frank, and I promised to help him by delivering his journals and this staff back to his school after we graduate. I told everyone that Simon’s school is seven days from any phone or road, and that’s true. Its location is a secret, a secret we promised to keep, but the trip to the school is more involved than I said. Paul, Frank, and I, are going to scout the route to the school during our time off between semesters.”
“How can any school be that hard to get to?” asked John.
“We promised not to tell, but I may need your help sometimes,” Amy said quietly. She couldn’t tell him that the school was on another planet; maybe later.
“When can you tell me? What kind of help?” John asked insistently.
“I don’t know yet, but this could be more than I can handle alone. After we graduate, Paul, Frank, and I will be travelling, early June next year, to Simon’s school. I’ll tell you more before I leave.”
“So it’s still a secret?”
“For now.”
“But you’ll tell me where this school is and what it is after you graduate.”
“Yes.”
John looked intently at her, “OK, you promise, after you graduate!” 
“Yes, I promise,” the one thing that John acknowledged about his sister, was that Amy kept her promises, “after I graduate, and before we leave.”
After a few seconds, John nodded and returned to reading his book. 
* * *
Rosemary La Reine exchanged a look with her husband Luc, whispering, “There’s hope for those two yet. A real conversation!” 
“John’s maturing now, and that will change things,” answered Luc. “Talking about changes, here’s Paul and Frank.” 
Rosemary chatted with Paul and Frank talked for a few minutes before Amy excused herself and took off with them. Rosemary worried, “I hope they’re not late getting back.”
Luc called out, “Don't miss the bus!” Amy tapped her watch in response.
John used Amy’s departure as his excuse to leave; he headed off to the video arcade.
Rosemary watched Amy leave the beach, commenting to her husband Luc, “I think Amy, Paul, and Frank will be friends long after this holiday. They've connected, more than just meeting on vacation.”
* * *
Amy had them go through the village so she could stop at the store and buy some supplies for Simon. More fuel for the stove, and prepared foods that wouldn’t go bad in the heat of Simon’s planet. 
There was no military at the village, but on the road they were passed by a military jeep with two soldiers in it. The jeep didn’t stop, but it made them nervous. There was no one at the ruins, and they went through the pillar as quickly as they could. When they reached Simon’s campsite there was no sign of him. Amy called out, “Simon?” There was no answer. Amy shouted, “Simon, are you OK?” There was still no answer. 
Frank offered, “Maybe Simon’s out walking.” 
Amy left the groceries on the table, and went over to the tent. Inside Amy could see Simon lying on the camp bed under a blanket. Amy crawled in. “Simon?” Amy reached out to shake his arm. “Simon!” There was no reaction. Amy reached out to Simon’s bare shoulder to shake him again. His flesh was cold. Now Amy realized that Simon’s chest was not moving. Amy tried to feel for a pulse on the side of his neck. There was none. Tears welled up in her eyes. “Paul, Frank, come here!”
Paul and Frank scrambled into the tent, probably alarmed by Amy’s tone. Paul saw Amy looking at Simon. Paul moved over to the bed and checked for a pulse, and then examining Simon’s eyes, “Sorry Amy, he’s gone. He must have died in his sleep.”
Amy croaked, “Are you sure?”
Paul’s voice showed how upset he was, “Simon’s flesh is cold, he’s not breathing, his pupils don’t react to light, there’s no blinking reaction, and he has no pulse.” Seeing her puzzled expression, Paul added an explanation, “Military first aid.” 
Frank was still by the tent flap, “It’s going to get hot soon. We have to bury him now, or he’ll stink. We don’t have a lot of time.”
“Not on Earth?” Amy asked, ignoring Frank’s disrespect.
Paul shook his head, “With the military around we can’t take the chance. How would we explain a dead body?” She nodded her acceptance, leaning her head on Paul’s shoulder, while quiet tears came. “We didn’t even get a chance to say goodbye!” 
The guys left her alone with Simon. After a few minutes of crying, she was able to compose herself, and reaching over, pulled the blanket over Simon’s face.
Paul was waiting outside the tent as she came out, “Amy, we’ll prepare a grave. There’s an old shovel by the toilet pit. You just wait. We’ll do it.”
Amy nodded, unable to say anything. Amy went back into the tent, sitting cross-legged on the tent floor. In a short time, she had connected to Simon, and respected him as a mentor, and a friend. While Amy listened to the sounds of Paul and Frank taking turns to dig the grave, she thought about what Simon told them, of the planets out there, the wonders, and the dangers. She wished that Simon had been able to go with them to Quenlac Three. He’d given them a lot of information, but there was so much they didn’t know about the Isolated Planets.
The digging stopped, and soon Paul lifted a flap of the tent. He was holding a faded and torn orange tarp, and Frank was right behind him. Looking at Amy, Paul said quietly, “We’ll take care of him now, Amy.” Paul waited for her response.
“OK,” Amy said reluctantly, stopping to look back at Simon’s body before she let go of the tent flap. She felt emptiness inside, and didn’t know how to deal with it. Amy saw the hole on the other side of the clearing, in a sandy area, out from the ferns, under the sun. A good spot, Amy thought. She sat at the table with her back to the tent and the grave as she didn’t want to see them carry Simon to the grave and drop him in. 
At the sound of Paul and Frank shoveling dirt back into the grave, she stood up and walked over to the grave.  Part of the orange tarp was still showing at one end. “Paul, I want to do that.” The grave wasn’t very deep, but that was probably OK as Simon had told them that there were no animals or birds on this planet.
Paul looked at her and nodded, “OK.” He handed her the shovel and passed over two pieces of cloth he’d wrapped around his hands to stop blisters. Paul took Frank over to the table with him.
Amy took her time, thinking about all that had happened in the last few days. Each time she saw a sapphire in the sand and gravel, she put it in her pocket, feeling guilty for caring about money at a time like this. As each shovelful fell into the grave, there was a new thought. Amy believed that Simon had lived a good life, a happy life. She remembered how pleased he’d been that they agreed to take on the task. What of that task now? They had the route to Simon’s planet and the pillar sequences, but without knowing more about the Isolated Planets, and knowing the language, it could be dangerous. The grave was full now and there was a pile of loose material over the grave. Paul used the shovel to shape a mound.
Amy moved to one end of the grave; the strange smell of the ferns was strong, and she could feel the intense sunlight on her skin from the blue-white sun. Amy could also feel the carvings on Simon’s staff under her fingers; she didn’t remember picking it up, but it helped her focus. This whole thing is weird; here we are, light years from Earth, burying Simon, after knowing him for less than a week. 
It was a strange idea; three of them, standing on a planet once occupied by another civilization. A civilization that they were to learn about by traveling from planet to planet, and then to deliver Simon’s journals and staff back to the Wayfarers on Quenlac Three. First, they had to finish university, a promise they’d made to Simon, while also learning Galactic, and how to blend in on other planets. They’d memorized the route back to his home planet, but Simon had died before giving them more information on the dangers.
Amy said, as more of a statement than a question, “We should say something.” Amy could feel that Frank and Paul were waiting for her. “God. No, that’s not right.” Amy paused, she’d never done anything like this, “To the One Who Tests; Simon was a good man, a believer in you, who lived his life in accordance with your principles. Receive his spirit, his soul, we pray. Amen.” Amy heard Paul echo amen, and out of the corner of her eye saw him cross himself. Frank was silent, staring across the grave to the ferns beyond.
After a few seconds Frank looked at his watch, “What now?” 
Paul answered, “We have to go. The buses will be at the resort soon.”
Frank asked, “Should we leave Simon’s stuff here, or take it with us?”
Amy wasn't sure, but they did have to leave. 
Paul decided for them, “Frank, you should take Simon’s journals and see what you can learn. I’ll put the other stuff in the tent; we can use it when we come back. Amy will take Simon’s staff to keep it safe, and you and I will take our staffs home.” 

Chapter 9 – Airports and Home

Everyone flying home was in the resort’s lobby. The bags and the people spilled down the front steps towards the parking lot. It was only a few minutes until the first of the shuttles to the airport was due. People were subdued, sad that their holiday was over. Amy, Paul, and Frank found a spot to talk on one side of the lobby, each of them carrying their walking stick. Amy was carrying her red pillow under her arm, and Paul and Frank exchanged a look. Amy saw that exchange, and her expression warned them to say nothing!
“Second thoughts?” asked Frank.
Amy answered, “No. We made a promise. We go to the Isolated Planets without Simon. We stick to the plan.”
Paul objected, “It will be more dangerous without Simon.”
Amy agreed, “Yes it will. As planned, we go first to Ravinesedge to learn more. It's a short trip, so we shouldn't get into trouble.” Amy knew that Paul wanted to go to his government, but they couldn't have that argument here.
Frank rescued her, “Yeah! Let's stick to the plan!”
Paul looked at both of them and nodded.
“Well, travelers from Earth,” said Amy, reminding them of their new status, “this was a different vacation!”
“You can say that again!” said Frank.
“What do we do with the staffs when we get to the airport?” asked Amy.
“They’ll wrap them and tag them; they get unusual parcels all the time,” said Frank.
The first bus arrived. Paul was on this one, catching an Alitalia charter flight. Amy and Frank were on the second bus. Mr. Fortezza said goodbye to everyone, shaking hands with her parents, and Frank’s aunt and uncle. 
Mrs. Fortezza was much more effusive, hugging and kissing everyone, but saving Amy for last, saying in Spanish, as she hugged her, “Thank you Amy. I really enjoyed our chats. I hope we see you again.”
 There was just time for Amy to give Paul a hug, before he moved away in answer to calls from his father who was now on the bus. Amy and Frank waved to Paul as the bus drove away. 
* * *
Paul waved to them out of the back window until the bus turned the first corner. Settling down in a vacant row behind his parents, he pulled out a pen and a piece of paper and started working on his list of code words. He still thought it best to go straight to the government, his father had contacts, but he'd promised, and he would keep that promise.
He had second thoughts about using code words; it was too easy to slip up. It would be better to get them to encrypt everything, including the hard drives on their laptops. Even as a student he did that. He knew that Frank could easily do it, it would be a matter of sending Amy some instructions, or maybe she could get someone at her university to set up her laptop. He could be the one to set Amy up; all she needed to do was to allow him remote access to her laptop. Yes, that would be easier! He had the software. He put that on his list.
Paul knew, probably more than Amy or Frank, how dangerous this could be if word leaked out that they could travel to other planets. He was determined to keep them all safe. 
* * *
Amy and Frank sat next to each other on their bus, away from other people so they could talk. They each held a staff between their knees, and Amy’s red pillow was on her lap. People were too close, so they avoided specifics. 
Amy whispered, “It all was real, wasn’t it?”
“So real! I am really going to miss being able to take notes and use computers during my travels this year.”
“Why should you miss them?” 
“What do you mean?” 
“We are who we are,” said Amy, being careful in what she said out loud, “I think we need to show what Earth really is, not disguise ourselves like spies. I think we should have paper, pens, books, laptops, and flashlights.”
“But, that’s not the way Simon wanted it.”
“I think that if we have technology then we should use it.”
Frank was happy to agree, Amy knew he wanted to take his laptop. “I can put a list together of things we can use, but how will we pay for them?”
“Let me figure that out. That’s what the sapphires are for.” Approaching her Dad was necessary; but it wasn’t going to be easy! 
* * *
As the bus unloaded, Frank’s uncle was one of the first off. He wanted to get their bags as they pulled them out of the bus so no one could accidentally take theirs. All the black suitcases looked the same.
Frank came over to help him, “Uncle, I'll get them.”
“No. I'm OK. You say your goodbyes to Amy, our plane goes first.”
Frank just grunted and headed towards Amy. That Frank didn't argue, Al thought, showed how much of a friend Amy was. He smiled to himself. Soon he had the bags and a porter and he headed to Gladys. 
Gladys was saying goodbye to the La Reines; they were on a different airline and were headed to a different part of the terminal. 
* * *
Amy followed her family into the terminal carrying her red pillow, staff, and backpack. They joined the line to check their baggage and get their boarding passes. By the time they were at the front of the line, Frank and his family was already through security. The five-foot long walking stick didn’t faze the counter staff; they just put it in a cardboard box labeled for skis. To fill the time she watched, behind the glass wall forming one end of the waiting area they were in, the line moving into security.
Amy realized who she was looking at! Mr. New York! He didn’t have a cap on this time. We packed all the cameras! Amy watched the man and memorized his face. He was younger then she’d expected, less than thirty, with short red hair, an attractive face and brown eyes. He was about five feet ten inches tall, the same height as Amy. Amy turned to her Dad, “What flight is that?” indicating the lineup for security.
“They’re likely for the 3:05 pm to Houston. Our time to enter security is after them. You look a little sad. Is everything OK?”
Amy gave Dad her best smile, “No, everything’s good. Just the end of a vacation. Having to say goodbye to everyone. That’s all.” Amy watched Mr. New York disappear on the other side of security. She'd recognize him if she saw him again. 
* * *
There was a small bar outside security for Gate 40. The bar area went back to windows overlooking the tarmac. There were only a few customers, served by a bartender who was also serving and cleaning up tables. One man entered and selected a small round table with two padded bar stools in the back corner, a spot not covered by the airport’s video surveillance. The man, who Frank had caught on video, put his backpack and the cardboard box in the corner, and ordered two beers from the bartender. He was joined by a second man two minutes later. The first man drank half of his beer without putting the bottle down. “Well, Dave, I missed that!”
“That's obvious, Nick!”
Nick looked around. The bar was quiet and no one was sitting close to them. The noise from business travelers and tourists passing between the bar and the café seating should drown out any talk. Not that it mattered much, as they were going to speak in Galactic, but he didn’t want to raise any suspicions. Nick leaned forward to allow him to speak quietly; Dave responded by leaning towards him. “After I called you, I returned to the abandoned village on Tau Ceti, and changed clothes there. By the time I returned to Sirius A and crept through the ferns to the edge of the campsite, I was only able to observe part of what was going on. I was too far away to hear it all. When it got to important stuff, Hillseeker would start talking quietly, so I missed most of it.”
“What did you get?” asked Dave.
“The three students, the ones I asked you to do the background check on, have been chosen by Hillseeker to represent Earth. For some reason Hillseeker used the name Simon when dealing with the students. I don’t think he told them his real name, and I never heard them use it. He has told them to go to Quenlac Three, the secret base of the Wayfarers. He never said the sequences loud enough for me to hear them, but the students have memorized the whole route. Hillseeker must have access to a lot of addresses as I’m guessing that the route has 20 or more transits, from the time it took for them to memorize it. We can follow them, or we can interrogate them, the Board will have to decide that. No one else seems to know about his recruitment of these students, but I have seen Hillseeker use drop points for messages on other planets when I followed him, so the Wayfarers Guild could know. That’s why we have to be careful.” 
Nick stopped to check his mental list; he followed the Society of the Book rules and nothing, ever, was written down. “Galactic has changed out there, and all of the planets I went to have a more modern dialect. We’ll all have to learn that.” Dave wasn’t taking notes, and wouldn’t as he was also trained to rely on his memory. Nick finished the rest of his beer and waved to the bartender for another round. 
After the bartender left, Nick continued, “I don’t know why Hillseeker chose these three students. Our Board is really going to be mad; they thought that when the archways and pillars were reactivated, they would represent Earth. It’ll be interesting to watch their reaction. There was no one at the pillar when I came back, but they must have detected the use of the pillar, as the people in the town said the military were in the area looking for something. We should stay away from the pillar for a while.” That finished the second beer, but Nick decided to stop; he needed to keep his wits today.
“Interesting,” said Dave, “but why meet at Newark Airport?”
“You’re my deputy, so I want you up-to-date. The fact that I spotted someone following me before I left still bothers me. My identity could only have been revealed by someone in the Society of the Book itself. I have a job for your cell. With six field agents plus yourself, you should have enough people to do this.” 
Nick added quietly. “I will tell the Chair and the Board everything, including the names of the three students, but I want to start surveillance on the students before that. Information known only to the Board has leaked, and you and I have to assume that there could be a traitor on the Board. I want your people there first, to watch, and if necessary protect these students. One of your field agents is to enroll in the same Duke University courses as Amy La Reine, the final year of a Political Science degree. Your group will watch her at Duke University, and have her followed if she leaves the university grounds.”
“What resources can I call on?” asked Dave.
“Off campus, have the field agents follow her. If you need more help, contact me in the usual ways.” Nick thought some more. “In fact, this is so important, that I want you to transfer to Duke. The political science courses will be an asset to you in your work for the Society, and you still look young enough to be a student. The other field agents can support you.”
“That makes sense,” Dave replied, “but getting registered this late will be a problem. Do we have contacts at Duke?”
“We do. I’ll get Miss La Reine’s course list sent to you. Send in an application to transfer to Duke, date it from four months ago and it will get treated as a lost application. We’ll set up a scholarship so you can pay your tuition and bills without suspicion.”
“What about the other two?” asked Dave. 
“I’m making similar arrangements for them. Paul Fortezza is the difficult one as we have only a few assets in Italy, but he’s enrolled at a military institute and we expect that he stays in one set of buildings in Turin except on weekends.” 
Nick looked regretfully at the empty beer bottle. “Well that’s it; I’ll contact you by pager or encrypted cellphone on the normal schedule. If there’s some emergency involving Miss La Reine you know the procedures.”
Dave just nodded, finished the last few dregs of his beer, and moved off without looking back. Nick paid the bill with cash while he waited to be sure they wouldn’t appear together on the security cameras. He gave a tip that was neither too small nor too large; that way the bartender shouldn’t remember them. 
* * *
From:   Amy La Reine
Sent:   Monday, 9:08am
To:   Frank, Paul 
Subject:   Down to Earth
We’re all back to normal here. I’m packing up my stuff for university. Two piles now. One to take to university and one to box up and move to the garage as I won’t be coming back after graduation (I haven’t told them yet).
The reality has set in. I want to say, ‘that’s so not my problem’, but of course, now that we represent a multiple office organization, it is. I enjoyed the visits to the ruins, and look forward to going back and beyond. Who would have believed what we saw, and I’m glad we gave the slip to those nasty types out there. I saw Mr. New York in the airport but I didn’t have a camera! I can send you a good description of him later. I’m looking forward to getting those DVDs from you Frank so I can practice the language.
I haven’t video chatted with Paul yet. I didn’t think of the time zone differences from Italy to the US. I suggest we set a time to get on a three way video call each week; it will be a compromise for all of us. So we don’t ruin a weekend, let’s try Sunday at 6:00pm for me, that’s 7:00pm for Frank, and midnight for Paul. Let me know if that doesn’t work. 
Good luck with your studies!
Love
Amy
“There's only one Elizabeth like me and that's the Queen.” - Elizabeth Arden

Chapter 10 – Outcomes

Senator Abrams banged the gavel on the committee table, calling the Orbital Research Facilities Committee members back to their chairs. It had been a long morning, but there was only one item left. “Colonel Richards, it’s your turn.”
Dan stood up and moved over to the end of the table. He left the whiteboard doors closed so the committee members would focus on him. “The item on your agenda is called Gravitational Pulses. In the package, we distributed a scientific report on the possible sources of gravitational pulses. To save us the time of going through it, let me summarize it for you.” This brought out smiles; some of the committee members didn’t have a scientific background and hadn’t even tried to understand the report.
“Simply put,” he continued, “there are only two sources of gravitational pulses known to us. First are the astronomical events in this and other galaxies, usually involving collapsing, or exploding stars. The second is from nuclear explosions and high-energy physics equipment here on Earth, with that type of equipment located in two-dozen universities and research facilities across the planet. These are the only known sources. As you know, one of the instruments on the satellite was designed to detect those pulses for civilian and military purposes, and then take a series of readings on the waves of gravitational pulses to give us a direction to the event.”
“I understand that,” said one of scientists on the Committee, probably impatient with all the layman talk, “but what are these other gravitational pulses?”
“Senator,” said Dan addressing Senator Abrams as the Chair, hoping the Senator would keep his committee members under control. “If you look at the second part of the package, the blue pages, you will see a chart of the times of all the pulses we detected that came from this area in Mexico.” He opened the doors of the white board. Held by magnetic strips, was a large aerial photo of the area around the ruins in Mexico. The map included labels for the resort, the village, and an arrow pointing off the map to the nearest town, San Crecerlan. Also highlighted were a number of archeological ruins, including the ruins with the mural.
“This is an undeveloped area of Mexico, and apart from the resort, there are no modern facilities. There are no military or research facilities in this area, buried or on the surface. We had our deep penetration radar surveillance satellite check that. Yet, this area definitely was the source of the pulses. We checked for an equipment malfunction, but there was none. We had a university lab create a similar series of pulses to those in Mexico, and the satellite gave us the right location within five miles. We’ve had our Army Intelligence teams, CIA, and the Mexican military, on the ground during the time that the pulses originated, but nothing was found.”
“How about all these pulses, can you say they all came from Mexico?” one of the committee members asked.
Dan looked to the Senator, and he nodded that Dan should answer, “No, we can’t. We’ve assumed that. There was no other known source once we eliminated laboratory experiments,” answered Colonel Richards. “If you look at the timing of the groups of pulses you can see that some occurred before dawn and around dusk on a series of days, and then if you look at each group of pulses you see some small variations in timing. This tells us that some human agency was involved.”
Senator Abrams interrupted, “So Colonel, now that the pulses have changed from groups of three to single pulses, and now have not occurred for a week, what are your conclusions?”
Taking the hint to move things along, Dan summarized, “Sir, our conclusion is that the gravitational pulses are caused by a human agency, by some form of equipment that we are not aware of. Scientifically it is a curiosity, but there is no evidence at this time that this is a risk to the United States. We’ll continue to monitor any future gravitational pulses and report them to Army Intelligence, the CIA, the Mexican military, and the Committee.”
General Hardisty had been sitting on one of the chairs at the side of the room, as he was not one of the committee members. He stood up and signaled to Senator Abrams that he wished to speak. Dan returned to his chair at the table.
Senator Abrams knew that General Hardisty’s presence meant trouble. He had little respect for the General as he had a habit of blaming subordinates for any problems, and he showed little respect for the civilian oversight of the military. “Please proceed General,” said Senator Abrams, but he couldn’t resist adding, “We recognize that Colonel Richards as well as being a scientist is also a member of the military, in fact, your subordinate.”
General Hardisty moved to the end of the table and opened his binder. The General smiled stiffly at Senator Abrams, but neither of them believed it, and started, “Colonel Richards has provided his scientific assessment of the situation, however, that is not the military assessment. I was travelling back to Washington and Colonel Richards did not clear his report with me before it was submitted to the Committee.” The Senator saw that the committee members were now intent on General Hardisty, wondering where this was going, as he was. “Colonel Richards is wrong in his assessment of this as a scientific curiosity. There are too many unknown factors in these events; therefore, the military will look on this as possible terrorist activity until the source is identified. We lost an opportunity to find the terrorists as the ground operation was poorly carried out by Colonel Richards.”
“But, General,” interrupted Senator Abrams, knowing his impatience showed in his voice, “both you and I received the operational plans from Colonel Richards. Why didn’t you say something then? You could have changed the plans. Colonel Richards’ report says that they are going to continue to monitor these events. Also, in the report it says that the destruction of minuscule quantities of matter is the only known source of gravitational pulses on this planet, apart from nuclear explosions, which this obviously wasn’t. The manufacture of radioactive materials does not produce gravitational pulses. Do you know of any other source?”
“That is the point,” said General Hardisty firmly. “We don’t know! If we don’t know then there is a risk that represents a real danger to the United States. We have under-responded in the past and that has cost lives, both military and civilian. We need to deal with this situation as a real threat to security until it is proven otherwise. That is the only reasonable course of action.”
“That’s all very well, General, and we appreciate your concern for the security of the United States, but we need proof of the threat before we consider action,” continued Senator Abrams. “For the record, this committee minutes will show that the report presented by Colonel Richards will be accepted along with the conclusions and recommendations, that the level of effort in the search in Mexico was appropriate, and that we will continue to monitor any future pulses in order to identify the source. If there is further evidence that should change that assessment we ask that General Hardisty and Colonel Richards present it to the Committee as soon as possible. Is that all right with you, General?”
Hardisty hands tensed into fists as he responded, “Mr. Chair, you have our written report on the military assessment. This situation presents too many unknown risks to the security of the United States. Therefore, the military must look on this situation as possible and increasing terrorist activity until the equipment producing the gravitational pulses is identified and destroyed. We had an opportunity to find the terrorists before, but Colonel Richards failed in his mission. Whatever these terrorists are doing, the activity is continuing, and therefore the threat.”
The Senator could not let this go without some resolution, “General Hardisty, You said ‘must take appropriate action’, what do you mean by that?”
“The risk is apparent and the military must and can respond in self-defense of the United States as permitted by the UN Charter,” answered General Hardisty, without courtesy, closing his binder with a thud. 
Senator Abrams was so shocked he couldn’t respond for a second 
Carl Davis, the Deputy Secretary of Defense, a temporary member of the committee, jumped in, “What evidence do you have to connect these gravitational pulses with terrorists?” 
The Senator realized that Hardisty didn’t recognized Carl Davis. It was not a surprise, as Hardisty never cared to learn who was in what position at the Defense Department, but he should have known that Carl Davis was second in authority only to the Secretary of Defense.
“There are too many unknowns, and as this is probably terrorism, it requires the military to act,” was the curt answered from General Hardisty.
“Do you intend to take action on Mexican soil?” asked Davis.
Hardisty didn’t hesitate, answering, “As soon as we have a target. The potential threat is there. For the sake of the security of the United States we will act.”
Seeing where this was going, Senator Abrams decided he’d better jump in to get things on track. “General Hardisty, it is the role of this the Committee to determine if this situation currently may represent a threat to the United States, not yours. If we determine that a probable threat exists, then this Committee will refer it with some urgency to the appropriate authority. I’m certain that you agree with that.”
General Hardisty’s teeth were clenched, a look of frustration on his face, and his body held stiffly. His response was spat out one word at a time, “These decisions cannot be left in the hands of scientists, politicians and bureaucrats.” Everyone was shocked; those that weren’t looking at the General were looking at Senator Abrams as the Chair.
“General Hardisty!” interrupted the Senator. “I’m sure that you want to clarify that last statement, and maybe restate it for the record, so we can clearly understand what you intended to say. I’m sure you agree that the military follows commands given by civilian authorities.” He’d emphasized ‘restate’ and ‘intended’.
Hardisty’s face and voice were grim, “I said what I said. These decisions are for the military, not for scientists, politicians and bureaucrats.”
“Mr. Chair, a private word,” said Carl Davis, standing up and moving to the corner of the room.
Senator Abrams’s shoulders slumped; without the retraction he knew that this could be the end of Hardisty’s career. He didn’t like Hardisty, mainly because of the way he treated his subordinates, and his obvious dislike of civilian oversight of the military, but Senator Abrams had no doubt about the command capabilities of Hardisty as a military leader, as they had been amply demonstrated in numerous conflicts during his career. “The Committee will take a short break.” He stood up and moved over next to Davis. No one else in the room moved; this would be all over Washington and the Pentagon within hours, and none of them was going to miss it.
“Senator, we have to make the call,” said Davis quietly.
“Carl, he’s made a stupid statement, but his military record is good. There’s no chance?” asked Senator Abrams. Senator Abrams knew that these meetings were recorded, so there was no way that Hardisty could talk his way out of this. General Hardisty stood impatiently at the far end of the table, too far away to hear them.
Carl Davis answered firmly, “No. You gave him the only chance he gets. There are too many red flags on Hardisty’s file for us to ignore this. There have been similar statements in less public situations.”
Senator Abrams picked up the telephone on the desk, punched an extension number, and asked to speak directly to the Chief of Staff, U.S. Army. Once connected he quickly laid out what had been said, and then passed the phone to Carl who confirmed it all, repeating General Hardisty’s statements. 
The phone was passed back; the Senator listened for a moment and then turned around, “General Hardisty, there is a call for you,” he announced. “Please take it on this telephone.”
General Hardisty walked up the length of the room, frowning at this imposition. He took the phone. “General Hardisty here,” he listened, and surprise showed on his face briefly. “Yes Sir. How can I help you, Sir?” From the General’s posture everyone could tell he was talking to someone of higher rank. “No Sir, I don’t think what I said was out of line based on the situation.” Now the General looked anxious. “Yes Sir, oh seven hundred hours, Sir.” General Hardisty put the phone down, gave Senator Abrams, Carl Davis, and Colonel Richards angry stares, picked up his binder, and walked quickly out of the room. 
“What’ll happen to the General?” the Senator asked Carl.
“This is not the first incident with General Hardisty making unacceptable comments about civilian authority. So, he’ll keep his rank, but he’ll be transferred somewhere uninviting as punishment. Personally, I hope he finishes up in Greenland.” Carl Davis was shaking his head. “We have too much invested in training senior officers to waste it all; so he’ll get a chance to learn from his mistake, but you’ll never see him on the Hill or at the Pentagon again.”
Senator Abrams turned back to the committee table, addressing everyone. “Sorry for the interruption. In the circumstances, I suggest we adjourn the meeting and deal with the remaining items next week. Colonel Richards, thank you for coming, and it will not be necessary for you to come to the next meeting. I think we have all the information we need. We’re adjourned.” 
* * *
General Hardisty stopped to use his cellphone in a quiet area of the corridor. “Sergeant, this is General Hardisty.”
“Yes Sir, how can I help you?”
“Sergeant, this is a direct order. You will send copies of any information or reports on these Mexico pulses to my personal attention, wherever I am, without informing Colonel Richards or anyone else. Understood?”
“Yes Sir, copies of all reports.”
“Good. Make sure you do it!” He hung up, grimaced, and walked over to the entrance where his driver was waiting. They’d tricked him, prodding at him until he said what they wanted, but he would get even with Senator Abrams and Colonel Richards no matter what it cost him.
* * *
Back in the meeting room, Dan was taking the aerial photo off the whiteboard, and packing everything into a large envelope with a security sticker on it. Senator Abrams came over to talk to him.
“I hate to admit it,” said Senator Abrams quietly, “but the General was partly right. We do need to know what this is, even if it’s not terrorists. So, keep monitoring for any future pulses and set up those portable detectors. This incident wasn’t your fault; this time bomb has been ticking for a while. Hardisty is known for his outbursts but he has never, in public, gone this far before. If you have any problems with Hardisty let me know.”
“Thank you, Sir,” said Dan, the relief at having the Senator’s support was evident in his voice, “I appreciate that.” 
“Hardisty is the type that will want to get even, and he can cause us both a lot of trouble. Better to be prepared. Keep your ears open, and send me anything you hear.”

Chapter 11 – Final Year, First Week

Amy smiled. Sally was back. Sally Mercury Samuel had been her roommate for two years, and they both felt like they’d found the sister they’d never had. From her dorm room window Amy watched Sally walking in from the parking lot. As always, Sally walked as if she had to get somewhere quickly, hips swinging, purse bouncing back and forth. Guys were always watching her, which was no surprise, as she dressed to show as much of her flawless brown skin as possible. Amy saw that it was no different this time; heads turned to watch her.
The room door was open and Sally, pausing only to drop her purse on the desk, grabbed Amy and hugged her. Sally was a hugger, which the guys didn’t mind at all. Sally held her, looked at her, “Nice tan. Got pictures of the friends you told me about? What’s with the stick?” Sally was an electric dynamo in human form.
“Stick?” Amy wondered. “Oh, you mean the staff.” Sally never missed a change in the room. She was a neat freak, and her stuff was already precisely placed onto shelves and into the closet. Sally had even made her bed, military style – all tucked in; she was certain that Paul would be impressed. Like the opposite end of a magnet, her stuff was in chaos, piled on the bed and floor, and the staff was leaning against the wall. “That’s a long story.”
Sally’s eyes lit up, “Good, and I imagine there’s two guys involved?” she prompted.
“Yes, but not in the way you’re thinking!” Amy responded as she closed the door. Amy pushed over a pile of clothes on the bed and sat down; her chair had a pile of books and binders on it. Sally, grinning, pulled over her chair, which, unlike hers, didn’t have anything on it, and was probably even wiped clean. 
“The three of us were walking on the beach when we saw a bunch of Mexican kids throwing stones at an old man…” Over the next 15 minutes, Amy gave her the edited story; Simon’s heart attack, the hospital, Simon being a priest, the campsite, and their oaths to return Simon’s journals and staff to his school.
“Where’s this school?”
“It’s a seven day journey, on foot, from the nearest road,” but Amy knew that wouldn’t satisfy Sally, “and we’re going to scout the route during our breaks.”
“’We’ means you, Paul, and Frank?”
“Yes.”
“Where is this school? What country? Tibet, Africa, where?”
“We gave our oaths to keep that secret.”
“An oath?”
“My sworn word to keep a secret.”
Sally commented, “You and your oaths! I know better than to try to get you to break your word!”
Amy went over and brought the staff to Sally, partially to stop the questions she couldn’t answer. Sally looked at the carvings carefully, “It’s beautiful. What does this symbol mean?”
“It translates in English as Master Wayfarer.”
“And what does that mean?”
“I can’t tell you that either.”
“You’re frustrating, you know that!” Sally said, went back to examining the staff, carefully looking at both ends of the staff. “Amy, you said Simon used this as a walking staff, and you used it on the last day?”
“Yes. Why?”
“There’s not a scratch on either end of the staff. What kind of wood is this?”
“I don’t know.” Before Amy could object, Sally pressed a ring on her hand on the bottom of the staff, and tried to scratch it. “Hey! Don’t. It’s a sacred object, you can’t start scratching it!”
Examining her ring and the end of the staff, Sally announced, “Don’t worry. The diamond on my ring didn’t leave a mark. It looks and feels like wood, but it’s not wood. You’d better ask this Simon what it’s made of.”
“That would be difficult.”
“Why?”
“We didn’t tell our families this, so don’t tell anyone.” Sally nodded. “On the last day when we went to visit Simon at his campsite, we found that he had died in his sleep. We buried him there, as bringing him back would have raised too many questions.”
Sally blurted, “You can’t just bury someone! There’s laws against that.”
“True, but in the circumstances we didn’t break any Mexican law, and I can’t tell you why. The point is that we can’t ask Simon anything, and we have no choice but to return his journals and staff ourselves.” 
“That’s it?”
“Yes, that’s all I can tell you. Later I’ll be free to tell you the whole story.”
“Later?” Sally asked.
“After we graduate.”
Sally was quiet for a moment, “OK. But you’d better tell me everything!”
“I will.”
Sally nodded. “I don’t like waiting! I want to see the photos now.”
Amy unearthed her laptop from under a pile of clothes, and showed Sally pictures of Paul, Frank, and Simon at his campsite.
Sally had comments, “Well Paul’s a hunk, and Frank’s not bad either. You could have had fun with either one! Simon dressed like a monk, and old. Where did you take this, there’s no ferns like this where you were in Mexico, it’s almost desert there.”
Sally was going to be a scientist, and Amy thought, a good one. Sally was keenly observant, and Amy told herself she’d better not show anyone else pictures with the ferns in the background. “I can’t tell you that either.”
“Grrrrr! You’re so frustrating! I hate half a story!”
* * *
Amy was attending a Comparative Politics seminar at the Franklin Center. The building was off campus, but it was an easy 10 minute hike from the Perkins building, going through the Duke Hospital grounds. Amy enjoyed the change; while the style of the older Duke University building was attractive, it was sometimes a relief to come to a modern building with all the electronic gadgets. Amy had noted that some of the Profs enjoyed the opportunity to use the electronic facilities, while other profs just ignored them. Amy particularly liked the opportunity for video conferencing where the group could interact with politicians and political staff from around the world. The seminar was delayed as the Professor had been given an envelope with some forms in it at the beginning of the seminar. After checking at the contents he announced, “Ladies and Gentlemen this is David Higgins; he is late joining us because his paperwork seems to have been misplaced. He needs to catch up, so, I would appreciate someone sharing their notes from any sessions this morning.” 
Amy waited while the new student took a seat behind her. She was relieved; he wouldn’t be asking for her notes. 
* * *
Sally got out of bed for her post-party 5 am toilet trip. The Monday night parties on campus had been a blast. As she liked to drink beer, the extra trip to the toilet was the normal result. Sally walked quietly to keep from waking Amy. She sensed something under her foot. It rolled! She stumbled into the corner of the desk. That was going to leave a bruise. It was Amy’s staff! She was tempted to wake Amy to give her what for, but she needed to get back to sleep. 
* * *
Sally was headed for the toilet, trying not to wake up too much. The Tuesday night parties had been even better, but she couldn’t keep this up and study too. After last night’s bruising she was sliding her feet across the carpet, making sure she didn’t trip on anything. Then she saw it! Amy’s staff appearing above Amy’s bed, and then floating down onto the bed. She blinked her eyes a few times but it was still happening. She moved to Amy’s bed and there was the staff in her hand.
“This is too weird!” Sally said as she punched Amy on the shoulder, “Wake up!”
“Why?” Amy responded sleepily.
“Because I just saw your staff float down onto your bed.” 
Amy rolled over to check the alarm clock, and hit her forehead on Simon’s staff, “Ow!”
“You deserved that!” stated Sally. 
Amy propped herself up in bed, “Sorry, but I don’t remember getting up to get the staff. I went right to sleep.”
“But you have it now,” Sally pointed at the staff, “and I saw it float down onto your bed.”
“Floating in the air?”
“I saw it!”
Amy looked at her, answering through a yawn, “Don’t be ridiculous. Staffs don’t float in the air. You had a lot to drink last night.”
“If you don’t believe me, then I’ll prove it!”
Amy yawned again, “Can I go back to sleep now?”
* * *
Frank had started a week earlier than Amy, returning to Dalhousie University, in Halifax, Nova Scotia, so he was now settling into his routine. As he was in graduate studies he was able to get a single room with lots of space for a work table. He was combining Physics and Data Mining courses in his Masters, but only had a few courses to complete, as most of his credits were coming from approved research projects. He watched two new female students coming in and passing in their papers. As the prof had been away for part of last week, this was only the second lecture for this sub-atomic physics course. They were lucky, he thought, they weren’t far behind. 
One of them caught his eye, attractive, brunette, long hair, tall, slender, and smart too if she was registered in this course, just the type of girl he liked to date. He made a mental note to find out her name. The lecture started, and Frank forgot about dating for a while.
* * *
Paul had driven from his parent’s house to Torino, or Turin as Amy would know it, and he had his snowboard and cross-country skis on the roof rack, ready for the winter snows in the Alps, only 90 minutes west of the city. There were no changes to make in his course schedule as the credits for his Strategic Sciences degree at the School of Applied Studies and Army Military Studies Institute were already focused on the army command track. Paul was proud of the history of the School, founded more than 125 years before West Point in the US.  The School was part of the University of Torino, but he had minimal contact with other university students. Paul had volunteered with the security office last year, and volunteered again this year. His security clearance was low, and as the School also provided for training of NATO officers this limited what he could deal with, but he could assist with catching up on their paperwork and entering it into the computer terminal. Most items were just routine complaints, the interesting stuff went to someone else, but the file now on his desk got his attention. 
A car had been observed sitting on the public street near the main entrance over a number of days, but the people in the car changed about every 12 hours. Four people had been photographed, and occasionally they changed the car they were using. Criminal and vehicle checks had been run, but they found nothing out of the ordinary. He briefly wondered what they were watching for. As the car was legally parked, security was instructed to do nothing, but to continue to observe and report any changes. Paul created a new data file in the computer system, input the photos and reports, and added the orders to observe and report to the standing orders for the security officers.
* * *
When Amy came back to the dorm room, Sally was setting up a large camera on a tripod.
“What’s with the camera?” asked Amy.
“It’s a wildlife camera. We strap it to a trunk of a tree to record wildlife moving by. It’s motion sensitive, and will take a minute of video each time, even in the dark. I saw that staff float, and I’m going to prove it.” Sally set the tripod on the floor facing the closet. “This way we won’t set it off every time we turn over. Just don’t trip over it.”
* * *
Someone was shaking her.
“Amy wake up!” it was Sally, again.
Amy felt the staff in her hand, “I didn’t get up!”
Sally smiled, “The camera never lies! Get up, and we’ll watch some video!”
“All right! All right! Give me five minutes.”
When Amy was ready, Sally had her computer ready to go, “There’s 11 video clips on the camera card, so that’s 10 as the last one is me switching off the camera.”
The first one was nothing, the closet door didn’t move. Sally suggested, “The motion camera probably caught blankets moving, or something.” The second through fifth were the same, nothing. The sixth one was of Sally going to and from the toilet. The seventh one was nothing, again, although Amy though she saw some movement in the top corner of the frame. The eighth, ninth, and tenth, showed nothing and the closet door was never opened. The eleventh showed Sally bending down to switch off the camera, giving a great shot of her healthy cleavage. 
Amy said, “I told you! I never got up.”
Sally agreed, “OK. So how did your staff get from the closet to your bed?”
“Good question. Go back to the seventh video.”
Sally played it again.
Amy pointed to the top corner of the screen, “What’s that?”
They both watched the video a couple of times. It was hard to tell, but it looked like Simon’s staff up was floating against the wall.
Sally suggested, “That’s your staff and it is hovering in midair just like I saw before.”
Amy rubbed her forehead trying to think this through, “Can you keep this camera for another night?”
“Sure. Why?”
“Set it up tonight so it records the staff in the closet with the door open, and above my bed.”
Sally said, crossing her arms, “So now you believe me!”
* * *
Amy woke first, and staff was in her right hand, again. Her hand was on the symbols in the middle of the staff, and she realized that was how she was holding it on other mornings. She hadn’t told Sally, but Amy had woken up with the staff in her hand at home every morning, but she’d just assumed that she was sleep walking. What was going on with the staff? She’d also had a dream about being in a big yellow space, a dream that she’d had at home as well. Amy woke Sally, “Let’s see what we have; the staff was in my bed again.”
Sally went straight to the camera, “There are six videos, including me switching it off.” 
They both freshened up while the videos downloaded to the laptop. The first two were of Amy going to, and returning from, the toilet. The second two were Sally doing the same thing. 
Video number five was different. Amy watched, shocked, as the video showed the staff, leaning on the side of the closet just sliding upwards, but it didn’t go through the top of the closet, it disappeared in to a glowing red disk. On the upper left of the frame, was the staff appearing above Amy’s bed, sliding out of a similar glowing red disk until the entire staff was hovering over Amy’s bed. At that point the glowing red disks in the closet and over Amy’s bed disappeared. Then the staff slowly dropped down out of the frame, where she had woken up with it in her hand.
Sally stuttered, “See I told you! Sacred objects don’t do that!”
Amy wasn’t ready to answer that question yet. “Obviously they do. Play it in slow motion. I want to see if the part of the staff that disappears is appearing at the same time from the red disk.”
“OK, but you’re still going to have to explain this!” Sally played the video in slow motion, and they watched it carefully, “You’re right; the part that disappears in the closet is appearing at the same time over your bed. You still owe me an explanation.”
“Yes, I do. But I gave my oath…”
Sally interrupted, “You and your word!”
“…to keep what we are doing secret…”
Sally interrupted again, “But there’s nothing on Earth that can do that!”
“…This is a sacred object, and we were taught about some of its powers, but it has other powers that we don’t know about.”
“Powers?! What have you gotten into?”
“Yes, powers, and I can’t tell you now. Later. But you’re right, there’s nothing on Earth that can do this.”
Sally just sat with her mouth open, then shaking her head, “Nothing on Earth! It’s alien? It can’t be!”
“It is, and I can’t tell you how we know.”
Sally looked at her intently, “Your oath?”
“Yes.”
“You want me to stop asking questions you won’t answer.”
Amy shrugged, “Yes.”
“But you will tell me later?”
“Yes. When we graduate, or before.”
“You’re frustrating! You know that?”
“Yes.” Amy sighed, and squeezed Sally’s shoulder, “Sorry!”
Sally was quiet for a while, “OK. If we weren’t best friends I’d have thrown you out already. But having sacred alien objects flying around my room is going to freak me out. I don’t believe this! We have to make some changes.”
“What changes?” Amy was worried that this might be the end of their friendship.
“We turn your bed around so your right hand is by the wall. That way you won’t drop it on the floor.”
“OK, no problem.” Amy agreed, relieved.
“That’s not all! You will go to bed every night with the staff in your right hand, even if you have a guy in the bed.” Amy opened her mouth to protest that there wouldn’t be a guy in her bed, but realized this wasn’t the time to argue that. Sally continued, “That will stop it flying around, I hope. I can’t believe I’m helping you when you won’t tell what’s going on!”
Amy hugged her, “Thanks. You, sister, are the best friend!”
* * *
From:   Amy La Reine
Sent:   Friday, 9:08am
To:   Frank, Paul
Subject:   Staff
First week done! Good to be back at University. When we video chat I need to tell you about staff. Things have been just flying around here and we have the video to prove it!
Love
Amy
“There's only one Elizabeth like me and that's the Queen.” - Elizabeth Arden
* * *
Paul had replied to her email, telling Amy not to send the video as he wanted to set up encryption on her email and files first.
Amy was now driving from university to her parent’s home in Charleston, South Carolina for a short weekend, and to talk business with her Dad. She needed to be back at Duke by Sunday night. Glancing at Simon’s staff lying in the back seat, she thought about ‘why’ the staff needed to be with her each night, and what was it doing? If it had a purpose, what was it? She worried about that as she drove the 300 miles on Interstates 40, 95, and 26 to her parent’s place. She also rehearsed what she was going to say to her Dad about setting up a company. Less than a month ago she would have said she was going home. Now she wasn’t sure where home was?
She'd put this meeting off for too long. Amy had asked to meet Dad in his office, even though it was after the time he normally left on a Friday. Dad liked to keep business stuff away from the house, so his office was in a small rental space in a strip mall near their house. Dad said that parking was easy and there was no wait for elevators. Amy parked in front of the glass windows right under the Larei Enterprises sign, the name being a play on their surname; you couldn’t surprise anyone here. 
The front door was open, and Dad was in his office at the back of the rental space. Amy liked his office; it was spacious with a giant antique desk where her Dad worked, a modern computer workstation in one corner, and a meeting table with four chairs in the opposite corner; very practical. On the shelves were plaques and trophies, photos of Dad with famous people, and family photos. Some of the photos, including the one of Dad and the President, taken years before he became President, intrigued her. 
Dad was already out of his chair to give her a hug, “How was your first week?”
Amy kissed her Dad on the cheek, “It was good. Caught up with friends who were returning, and of course, Sally is my roommate again. No problems with my course schedule, a few minor changes, but that’s expected. Still on track to graduate in the spring. And you?”
“Not much. Had a call on an old patent we have on mounts for auxiliary machine guns. They want to use the mount when they recondition some of the older models of the Bradley, that’s the M2 Tracked Armored…”
Amy smiled and interrupted the explanation, “I know what a Bradley is. I was an army brat remember?”
Dad continued, “Just making sure you understood. It isn’t a large number of units, so a per vehicle accounting would just lead to a lot of paperwork. So we negotiated a lump sum price that made everyone happy.”
“That’s the spring and shock absorber mount?” Amy asked.
“Yeah! The old one, it’s simpler to build. They’d had a few close calls with friendly fire when the vehicle bounces. The mount allows the machine gun to bounce when the vehicle hits a ditch or a boulder. Bounces with the operator. Not perfect, but it should keep the gun closer to the target. Also they can make our mount from parts available from any automobile parts shop, and they didn’t want to delay the project.”
“Sounds good. Seeing we’re saving Americans lives, I’m sure they talked you into a big discount?”
Dad laughed, “Yeah! That’s the first thing your Mom said.”
“You’re getting predicable Dad!”
He just shrugged, “So, why did you want to meet me here,” he asked, sitting down behind the desk.
Amy pulled some notes out of her purse, took a quick look, and then started, “Its business, and I know you like to do business here. You’ve set up dozens of companies to manage your patents. I want you to help me to set up a company.”
“They’re ‘our’ patents, a family asset. Aren’t you going to be too busy with your studies to run a company?”
“Yes, but until we finish university there will be only occasional transactions.”
“We?”
“Paul, Frank, and me.”
Amy saw that answer didn’t surprise her Dad, he asked, “What business would this company be in?”
Amy knew that this would raise the toughest questions. “Initially, it would just be to sell the gemstones that we now have. We’ll continue to sell precious stones we receive, and money would go from the company to all of us, to pay for travel, and our university expenses. Later, after our graduation, I think it would be a holding company with subsidiary companies for selling ideas, goods, and herbs we obtain, to customers in the US, Canada, and Italy. I stole that idea from you.”
Dad shrugged off the complement, “Why are you being paid in precious stones?”
Amy carefully answered, she didn’t want to break her word, but she needed to give enough information to satisfy her Dad, “Precious stones are the only form of payment we can bring back, and we intend to travel to Mexico on our breaks instead of working.”
“Why not money? Pesos or dollars would be easier?”
“We can’t say, but it’s the only form of payment we can bring back.”
“From where?”
“That’s also confidential.”
Dad’s eye’s flicked briefly to the ceiling, he was getting frustrated. “This has something to do with that priest Simon?”
“Yes.”
 “Where will these goods and herbs come from?” he asked in a demanding tone.
“We promised to keep that confidential too.”
Dad’s whole body was tense. “So why should I help you? You can go to any decent lawyer with this.”
“Yes, we could have,” answered Amy, unclenching her fists, keeping her emotions in check, “but I wanted to keep it in the family. We promised to keep certain things confidential now, but we’ll tell our families later.”
Dad was leaning forward, and holding his pen so tightly Amy worried it might break, “This isn’t illegal? These aren’t conflict diamonds are they?” 
“No! But it will be hard to explain the source. We can make sure that we don’t bring back diamonds.  Good point. I’m just asking you to trust us. Will you help us even though I can’t answer your questions?”
Dad carefully put the pen down, “Why not use your trust fund for the money you need?”
“All three of us will be contributing to this. Paul and Frank won’t accept a free ride.”
“You’re not going to tell me the source of the gemstones, or why you’re doing this, are you?” His tone and the fold of flesh between his eyebrows reflected that he was not used to an Amy who kept secrets.
“No, we’re not going to say, we promised to keep it confidential. Will you help us anyways?”
Dad stared at her, worry lines on his face, “Do you intend to pay taxes?”
“Yes. The money should come to us legally.”
Dad relaxed a little, “Good. I’m still concerned that you might be getting yourselves into trouble, but I’m glad you came to me. You understand that everything you have told me, and not told me, will be told to your Mother,” Dad said with a wry grin. Amy nodded, knowing that this step was easy compared to the grilling she’d get from Mom. Dad treated her mostly as an adult who was making her own decisions in life. Mom didn’t!
Amy and her Dad discussed a number of options for the company, especially for the long term. Amy’s vision for the company hadn’t been complete when she had talked about it with Paul and Frank. She now knew that they would need a lot of money to support themselves out in the Isolated Planets, or when they came back to Earth, if they weren’t to sponge off family or friends. They would need thousands of dollars for airfares to and from Mexico, plus other expenses. They needed to somehow pay for a place in the Isolated Planets as well. Amy didn’t intend to live in a tent the rest of her life. Trading goods between the Isolated Planets and Earth seemed the simplest answer, but they would have to figure out what would be the best items to trade.
Amy’s Dad explained to her why it was important to create something that gave the tax flexibility they would need later for a trading company, or they would have to start all over again. They finally decided to set up an international holding company, with the first subsidiary being a Mexican mining company, and later they would add trading companies for the US, Canada and Italy. This would, unless someone looked closely, explain the precious stones and allow them to sell to wholesalers without questions. The use of the holding company would also help disguise the sources of revenue to anyone who might become suspicious. Amy understood part of this as she’d absorbed some of this technical stuff when they’d held their family business meetings. In the past she had thought those meetings boring; now she wished she’d paid more attention.
Amy insisted that they share ownership of the holding company equally among the three of them, and provided Paul and Frank’s full legal names and their addresses. He would be sending forms to all of them to sign. Amy agreed that her Dad would be the President and CEO initially, taking care of all of the paperwork for them. Dad offered, and Amy agreed, that he would advance the expenses to set up the companies as a loan, a loan to be repaid from the sale of the gemstones.
Amy reached down into her bag and pulled out a hand sewn leather sack. She poured out the sapphires she’d picked up from soil for Simon’s grave. Seven sapphires, along with bits of grass, fern, and dirt landed on the desk. Amy looked at her Dad, “These raw sapphires are typical of what we can bring back. I had them weighed and checked by a jeweler when we were in Mexico. Together they would be worth about $21,000 retail, but that would have raised too many questions. When the mining company is set up we should be able to get about ten to twelve thousand at wholesale prices, with fewer questions.”
Amy’s Dad just looked at the sapphires for a minute before reaching out to pick one up and hold it against the light from his desk lamp. Amy didn’t think she flinched when he gave her a penetrating look. “OK, I’ve enough information for now; it will take a couple of weeks to set this up. Gems from every mine are unique; there will be questions as to where these came from, so we’ll sell them as a new find. If there are any questions we can just say we’re buying from a prospector who is keeping the location secret. As long as we pay taxes the government will leave us alone. Why don’t you go home and see Mom; she’s expecting you. I’ll make a few phone calls and join you later. It will take at least a month before we can sell these sapphires. Is that a problem?”
“That’s not a problem. Cool! Thanks Dad. See you at home.” Amy gave him a quick hug, and took the opportunity to leave while she could. 
* * *
Luc waited until Amy had pulled out of the parking lot. He made a decision. Even if the gemstones were legitimate, Amy could get herself in trouble. He didn’t want to cause a rift between them by trying to force Amy to tell him what was going on, and besides, Amy was too stubborn for that to work. Luc dialed a number from memory. “Hi, Sammy, this is Luc La Reine. How are you doing? How busy is your investigation firm right now?” 
Sammy answered, “I’m doing fine, Luc, and the business is doing well. We have five investigators now, all ex-army like us, and Gin has joined us now, so that’s really six.”
“I thought Gin was applying for the Secret Service?”
“She did, but they turned her down. While Gin figures out what to do next, she’s doing some work for us.”
“How does her pretty face fit in?”
“With us grizzled ex-army types you mean? Very well actually, people will talk to her when they just clam up on us ugly types. So,” added Sammy, “I have a feeling that this is not just a social call.”
“You’re right Sammy. Amy, my daughter, is into something that doesn’t feel right; she’s being very secretive. Wants me to sell some gemstones for her, but won’t say where they come from. I need you to check the backgrounds of some people, find the source of the gemstones, and it will involve working in Mexico. Can you handle that?” 
“No problem, Luc. Why not make Amy tell you?”
Luc found that hard to answer, “I don’t want to damage our relationship. Even this long after the incident, things are still fragile. She trusted me enough to come to me for help. I don’t want to push her away.” Sammy was one of the few people, outside of the family, that knew about Amy’s incident.
“OK, fair enough. How about I come over to your office late Monday afternoon and you can give me all the details you have. I’ll take those gemstones and run some tests. You understand that this will take a few months.”
Luc understood that having worked with Sammy on some Army Intelligence investigations, but it was different when it involved family; he knew he had to be patient. “Yeah. I know. I’m not giving you a lot to start with, but I’d appreciate any rush you can put on it.”
“That’s understood, Luc.”
“And bring your golf clubs; I haven’t clobbered you for a long time.”
“You wish!”
Next, Luc phoned home. Rosemary was in. 
* * *
Amy’s Mom met her at the front door. 
“Well?” she asked.
Amy took a deep breath.

Chapter 12 – Enemies Prepare

Greg Dennison was watching a man he only knew by his title, World Security Director. Each time they’d met, a different alias had been used. 
This was a successful legal firm, and the expensive furnishings and artworks were there to proclaim that fact. The law firm had some important political and commercial clients, so they swept the room for electronic listening devices each week. The two meeting in the boardroom were certain they could not be overheard. Dennison was in his late thirties, well groomed, and dressed in one of those expensive suits that placed him on the ladder as an up and coming lawyer.
The Director was looking out of the window over the buildings of the financial district in New York City, apparently considering the verbal report John had given on the failure of the operation. Dennison was so afraid that his hands were shaking; he hid them under the conference room table. The Director looked to be fifty, perhaps, fifty-five years old. He ran the worldwide security operations of something known to those in it as The Organization. It wasn’t a criminal organization, although they did threaten, blackmail, or steal, when necessary. The Organization controlled a web of legitimate businesses and trust funds, but liked to exercise its muscle and power to ensure that its businesses were always profitable. 
As a new lawyer Greg originally had one of the Organization’s businesses as his client. They’d enticed him to do special work for them with offers of money and power, and now he had both. He'd become a Supervisor for The Organization with four operatives under him. Seven years later he was a Sector Chief, running one of their North American operations, and a partner in his legal firm. 
Stressed by not knowing what was going to happen, his mind jumped from distraction to distraction; now he was thinking about their job titles, so mundane, but they did work to hide their real roles. 
Dennison mentally reviewed his report again. His sector was detailed to follow Nicholas Paul Molinaro, a US citizen. He’d been told that Molinaro had been identified as a board member of the Society of the Book. Unfortunately, Sanderson, his New York District Chief, had been spotted by Molinaro and Molinaro had a chance for a good look at him. With the Director, there was usually only one penalty for failure, termination. 
It had been bad luck; Molinaro was a trained intelligence operative, so there'd always been a chance that he’d recognize a tail. However, the Director didn’t care about that. The real question for him was would it be Sanderson who died, or both of them? 
Karl Johann Gesasin, World Security Director for The Organization knew that the man behind him was afraid, and that pleased him. This time, only Sanderson would need to die. Dennison, sitting at the meeting room table behind him, was more capable than his predecessor, and better trained as a lawyer. He was also a direct descendant of the founding members of the Organization, something that Dennison didn’t know, yet. Dennison was probably worth saving, but he needed toughening up. The Director, continuing to look out of the window at the lights of Wall Street, said, “Dennison, we have to set an example. I want you to take care of it yourself, personally. Understood?”
“Yes Director. I’ll take care of it personally. A.S.A.P.!” Dennison answered, unable to keep the relief out of his voice.
The Director smiled to himself. Dennison understood the implied threat. Time to wrap this up. “Make sure his operatives understand the consequences of Sanderson’s failure, but his family is to think it was a fatal accident or heart attack. You choose. Provide the family with an appropriate pension.” The Organization took care of their families. This ensured loyalty. They didn’t recruit anyone without a family. If anyone talked, their wife, and children, would pay the price.
Gesasin continued once Dennison had absorbed that message, “Continue to follow Molinaro. It’s not likely to result in anything. Try using electronic methods. Finding out who Molinaro meets with might be our best lead now. If Molinaro has a friend, or better yet a girlfriend, we might be able to get the location by threatening them. We know Molinaro goes south every few months. We need to know his destination. See if you can force that out of our traitor on the Board. Once we know that, The Organization will decide how to proceed. Don’t make a move unless authorized.”
“No, Sir, we won’t act without prior authorization,” said Dennison, breathing normally now.
“Good. Send reports in the usual way. I’ll see myself out. Take some time off with your wife and children. Please feel free to call me Director Gesasin in future.” It didn’t hurt to leave on the right note, thought Gesasin. He walked through the law firm’s offices with the happy expression and posture of an executive who had completed some satisfying task. Only those that looked into his cold, brown eyes saw anything different. 
* * *
The secretary told him that he could go in. Senator Abrams was behind his desk looking through a binder, and waved him over to the chair next to the desk.
The Senator asked, “Hi, Dan. So, we’re ready?”
Colonel Daniel Richards responded, “Yes, Senator. Both of the portable detectors have been tested and are now installed in Mexico. Army Intelligence and the Mexican authorities have been informed, and we will have a team in the area at all times to respond to the location of any pulse.”
That seemed to please the Senator. He asked, “How quickly can we respond?”
Dan had good news on this, “Our team will have the location within sixty seconds.”
The Senator whistled in surprise, “How did you do that?”
“It was Sergeant Doones; he’s done some excellent programming for us. This time he had the idea to change the data processing from the satellite and the two portable detectors, priorizing the location of the pulse from the satellite before other data processing, and then sending the triangulated location directly to a GPS unit monitored by our team in Mexico.”
“Impressive,” said Senator.
“Yes, and I think that this approach can be used with other satellites to reduce our detection time on things like rocket launches.”
“Even better. The Sargent will be recognized for this work?”
Dan was happy to be ahead of the Senator on this one, “Yes, a commendation is already in the works.”
The Senator stood up and shook his hand. “Thanks Dan. This will go a long way to eliminating any criticism of your operations by Hardisty’s friends, or my enemies. Send me a full report, and I’ll attach it to the next Committee agenda as information, so everyone is up to speed.”
* * *
They were in the same boardroom where Dennison had survived his meeting with Director Gesasin. The old man in a tweed jacket and slacks was their informant and had been for years. The receptionist knew him by the alias of Mr. Colombo, and from her blank look, Dennison knew she had never seen the TV series. Now in his new position as a Director on the Board of the Society of the Book, this informant had access to even more valuable information. 
Mr. Colombo came without any papers; like other members of the Society of the Book he was trained to rely on his memory. The old man had dictated everything that happened at the last Board meeting of the Society of the Book. He was now watching with poorly veiled contempt, as Dennison made detailed notes of what he’d said. Dennison finished checking his notes, and looked up. “That’s it?” This was good stuff. They now knew the location of the pillar, and that three more people who knew how to use it. The military presence in the area was a concern and that meant that they would have to be cautious.
“Yes that’s all. We’re not happy that the Wayfarers picked these students; it’s a mistake. That’s what our Society is for, they should have contacted us.” Dennison was amused at how put out Mr. Colombo was, that the priest had chosen some students, instead of him and his doddering old Board members. Fate had played a nasty trick on them. The Society had waited for thousands of years, and then someone else stole the prize! The students wouldn’t have it for long either. Once The Organization had the location of the pillar and the method of traveling through it, they would be surplus too.
Dennison asked, “You didn’t hear how to use the pillar?”
“No. All they say is that it is in the Book.” Mr. Columbo crossed his arms, “They haven’t allowed me to see the Book!”
Dennison made a mental note of that statement; it was something he could use in future. Any resentment could be magnified. “You mentioned three students?” asked Dennison, moving him on to a different subject.
“Yes.”
The reluctance was expected, but, “Their names were given to the Board?”
“Yes.”
Dennison nodded, “Good, we need those names.”
“I shouldn’t!”
Dennison encouraged him, “It is important information, and we would be very grateful.” Dennison knew how to manipulate this informant; it was all about the money. They both knew that the phrase ‘very grateful’ meant the payment would be doubled.
“What do you intend to do with this?” asked Mr. Colombo, nervously looking out of the window to the East River.
“Our people just want to stay informed. You’ve given us information for years now, and no harm has come from it. You can trust us; we are the same people as you, a branch of the Society that believes in action not endless discussion. You help us, and we help your financial situation. It has worked well for both of us.” Dennison knew that if Mr. Columbo ever refused to cooperate, they would threaten to reveal the information that he had passed to them. Mr. Columbo was theirs, bought and paid for.
“The names are Amy Elizabeth La Reine from the United States, Frank Bristol Wiseman from Canada, and Paul Augustine Fortezza from Italy. They were all at a resort close to the pillar location.”
“Thank you Mr. Columbo,” Dennison said as he wrote the names down. He would have a private investigator with his firm quickly confirm the names from passenger manifests, which would give them links to their passports, and from there everything recorded about them. 
Dennison opened his briefcase so that the lid hid what was in it. On top of some file folders, alongside the gun and the license to carry it, were two envelopes, one thicker than the other. As usual, one envelope contained $10,000 in $100 bills, and the other envelope had twice that amount. The information he had received this time was critical to The Organization, and the phrase ‘very grateful’ signaled the larger payment. Dennison took out the thicker envelope and slid it across the table. Mr. Columbo looked at it without moving. Dennison just waited, it was always the same; eventually greed overwhelmed Mr. Columbo’s conscience, and he picked up the envelope and put it in his inside jacket pocket. He then left without another word. 
Dennison put his notes into his briefcase and closed it. Using his cellphone, he texted six-digits that represented a coded time and meeting place. Dennison went to his office to rearrange his calendar, and send an encrypted report to Director Gesasin. He needed to change the assignments of his District Chiefs and operatives. The Organization now had three other people to watch; his operatives could watch and follow the two in the USA and Canada. The third one in Italy was more of a problem and he would request support in Italy through Director Gesasin, who should be pleased with the progress he’d made. Making a student disappear tended to create too much media and law enforcement attention, so he would recommend waiting until they graduated. The students would be a lot easier to follow and observe than Molinaro, and if they didn’t get the information from observing them, they could abduct, interrogate, and terminate. 

Chapter 13 – Christmas Break

Amy walked slowly down the path to the ruins, using the staff as a walking stick. She went to bed with the staff every night in her right hand against the wall, as she had promised to Sally, and now was used to sleeping the whole night that way. There hadn’t been any more flying incidents, but Amy still worried as to why the staff needed to be with her when she slept. She’d been having some dreams about a yellow dome, but didn’t know if that was related. Sally was still annoyed that Amy wouldn’t tell her what this was all about.
It was four months since she’d been to the ruins. Schedules prevented the three of them from doing this before the Christmas break, but they had seven days together now. If everyone’s flights were on schedule, Amy expected to be the last one to arrive at Simon’s campsite. The memory of their trip to another planet had become almost like a dream, a story, but with every step Amy took towards the pillar it was becoming more real.
Her staff was awkward in the narrow trail down to the clearing, catching on the bushes, and she was definitely not used to hiking with this heavy a backpack. She’d agreed that it would be better to use the pillar as they arrived, so no one would hang around the ruins drawing attention, but it made her nervous to use the pillar alone, not knowing, who, if anyone, was at the other end.
Amy entered the clearing and stopped to take in the mural, the ruined walls, and the other ruined building. It seemed a bit unreal that it was all still here. They intended do some exploring, out in the stars. It seemed weird to think that! But, she was here with Simon’s staff, and she was about to do it. Now, Amy told herself. Amy walked across the mural to the sun stone, and then tapped the secure code. 
* * *
After the black dome disappeared, there was a rustling in the bushes. A man stepped out. In one hand he held a camcorder, and the other hand was pulling out a cellphone. “All three are now through. All used the same sequence of taps.”
* * *
Nothing had changed; the stone platform on Simon’s planet looked the same, and so did the ferns. Amy headed for the campsite. Paul and Frank were repairing the sunshade. It must have blown over. Chairs were scattered around the clearing. Simon’s tent was collapsed over the camp bed. 
“Hi guys!”
That got an instant response. Paul and Frank dropped the canopy, and ran over to Amy. Paul laughing gave her a hug, nearly knocking her over, so that Amy needed to grab his arms. Frank grabbed Amy’s backpack, laughing at them both, and helped Amy take it off. Once the backpack was on the ground, Amy gave Frank a hug, which caused him to blush, which started them all laughing again.
Amy hadn’t realized how much she’d missed them. Email and video chats were no substitute. They spent the next minutes updating each other on what had happened in the last week. 
“What’s this?” teased Frank, pointing at her red pillow, which was sticking out of her backpack.
“It’s my pillow, I always travel with it!” she answered, daring him to say more. 
They unpacked the gear they'd each brought with them and redistributed the weight between the backpacks. 
“When do we go?” Amy asked, anxious to get going.
“I lost a night’s sleep,” Paul answered. “My connections bounced me across Europe, the Caribbean, and Mexico. I'm too tall to sleep on a plane.”
Amy looked at Frank who'd spent most of the day on planes too. He gave her a nod supporting Paul, to her disappointment.
“OK,” said Amy, “better to be awake when we arrive.” She looked at Simon's tent and knew she'd be creeped out to sleep in that. “We need to set up our tent; we can set the alarm for 8 hours of sleep.”
After a meal, they watched the video as Simon described the second planet on their journey. “From here,” Amy knew he meant Sirius A, “you go to the Boat Pillar; it’s on a desert planet called Desert Stronghold Two, so take plenty of water with you. Where you arrive is an incoming pillar known only by a few, so it is not used much. It’s half a day’s walk across the sands to a Transit Station on the far side of the hills near an oasis. In the hills stay away from the spiders, they are large and dangerous. The locals don’t like to allow outsiders to use their pillars so you’ll have to sneak in. Use the green archway.”
They were on top of their sleeping bags; sleeping in the heat of Sirius A was difficult. Amy was both excited and frightened about what was going to happen. She could tell from their breathing that neither Paul nor Frank were asleep yet either. It took Amy a long time to fall asleep, and when she did she dreamed of a big yellow room again. When she woke up she told Paul and Frank about the dreams and her suspicion that the staff had something to do with the dreams.
* * *
The satellite and both sensors had worked well. Whatever was causing the gravitational pulses was within 500 meters of a spot west of San Crecerlan. The center of the area had been received by the Army Intelligence team following the first pulse, and they were in the area within minutes. They spotted nothing except a number of tourists on the paths that went to the ruins above the beach. The second and third pulse had come in but still nothing had been found. Mexican military units were on the way to help sweep the entire jungle in that area inch by inch for any clues.
Colonel Daniel Richards was waiting for a call on the photos of tourists that he’d forwarded to the FBI, but none of the tourists matched the other photos of those previously seen in the area.
* * *
As soon as Amy, Paul and Frank arrived they moved off the pillar; they didn’t know what would happen if you were standing on a platform when someone else came through. It was one of the first things they were going to ask about.
Amy realized that what she had initially seen as a wood wall on her right was the remains of a large boat lying on its side. Simon had called it the Boat Pillar. The sun was halfway up in the sky, but whether it was morning or afternoon, she couldn’t tell. It was warm, which might mean it was morning. She could feel her skin drying as she stood there. Amy pulled out some moisturizer from a pocket on her backpack. 
Paul and Frank were examining the boat. Frank tried to climb into it, but the wood crumbled under his boot, so he just walked around it and took pictures.
Amy saw that she was standing on a wide stone platform that had short flights of steps leading down to the sand on all four sides. The wrecked boat filled one third of the stone platform. It was outside of the large circle that defined where the dome would hit the platform, here defined by the joints in the stone blocks. Paul and Frank had walked down onto the sand to get a better look at the bow of the boat. She joined them. 
Frank was curious as to how a boat had come to be in the middle of the desert. Frank wondered out loud, “Where did this boat come from?” He was bending to look more closely when everything went black. He couldn’t see! What he could see was a bright red dot on a cloud of stars. Then it was gone. He could see again. He sucked in a deep breath, and looked at Amy and Paul. They were looking at the boat, not noticing his agitation. His breathing calmed down. What happened? Maybe I’m getting dehydrated, Frank thought, as he drank from his water bottle. 
Frank knocked on the wood at the bow; he found it was soft and rotted. There was only one conclusion, “This boat probably came through the pillar. See how the bottom is crushed where it sits on the platform. I think it dropped onto the platform.”
Paul shook his head, “The dome is too small to fit this boat, the dome would cut it in pieces.”
Frank just shrugged, “I know, but who says it can’t be bigger. We know nothing about how the archways or pillars work. This boat definitely dropped here, and I don’t see any rivers or oceans around. There’s still the remains of some oars, and you can see where people sat to row, so it’s a galley, but there’s no place for chains.” 
Frank went over to where the steps joined the sand. He suspected that this was the top of a larger building, maybe a pyramid. Frank started to dig away some of the sand from the steps with his hands and quickly exposed another step. Amy and Paul came over to help him and the three of them quickly exposed a second, third and fourth step. He stopped. Amy and Paul stopped too. 
Amy quirked an eyebrow at Frank. “How big is this?”
Frank stood and looked at each of the other stairs, “We’re looking at the top of a pyramid that’s buried in the sands. It could be huge! There could be a whole city buried here.” 
 “Now what?” asked Amy as she put on her hat. She could feel the heat of the sun burning her scalp through her hair.
Paul was looking at the horizon. He pointed to some hills in the distance. She saw them, partially hidden by the heat haze, dancing on the horizon. “Those are the only hills in sight so they must be the ones that Simon was talking about. They’re a long way from here, maybe five or six hours. Be careful with your water. Small drinks as you feel thirsty.” With that, Paul picked up his backpack and stepped down on to the sand. Amy put her backpack back on and set out along Paul’s tracks. Frank grabbed his backpack and took some final pictures from the top of the first dune. 
After three hours the hills scarcely seemed closer to Amy. Paul was ahead of them on top of the dune looking back the way they came, pointing, “What’s that?”
Amy and Frank finished climbing to the top of the dune and turned to look. Amy could see a line of reddish cloud on the horizon, bright on top and dark underneath. Frank pulled out his binoculars and looked at the cloud. He passed the binoculars to Paul, and after a brief look, Paul passed them to her. She could see that the clouds were moving towards them. “Any ideas?” she asked.
Paul answered, “I don’t know much about deserts but I think that’s a sandstorm. We need to find shelter.”
Amy looked back along their tracks across the dunes, “Can we make it back to the pillar and shelter in the boat?” She passed the binoculars back to Frank.
Frank watched the sandstorm in the binoculars for a few seconds, “The storm would get there before we do.” 
Paul examined the hills ahead of them. “We need to go to that rocky hill, it’s the opposite direction from the storm, it’s the closest shelter.” 
Amy thought about what Simon had said. “Simon warned us to stay away from the rocks because of the spiders.”
Paul looked back at the storm, “I know. We'll be careful not to get bitten. It’s our only chance. We need to get down off these dunes and run along the gravel; we’ll make better time down there.” Amy saw that the gravel between the dunes led off towards the hills.
Paul didn’t even wait for them to agree; he was off, scrambling down the side of the dune using his staff to stay balanced. Amy followed, sliding down the sand; at any other time this would have been fun. Frank followed them down the face of the dune. As soon as Paul was at the bottom, he started across the gravel at a jog. Amy was right behind him and felt the gravel rolling under her boots. “This is gonna hurt!” she groaned. 
* * *
Amy, now caked in sweat, followed Paul into the rocks; her legs hurt, her shoulders and back hurt from the backpack, and she was gasping for breath. He led them to a group of rocks that had fallen so that they created a space under them, a cave that faced away from the storm. The floor of the cave was mostly sand, and Amy could see a number of large bones. Frank picked one up, gasping, “These are old, so no animal in the cave now.”
Paul was detaching the tent from his backpack, “Help me put this up. If we get inside the tent, it’ll keep the sand off, and allow us to breathe.” 
Amy helped Paul and Frank put the dome tent up inside the cave. By the time the tent was up, the wind was howling across the front of the cave and the first traces of sand were tickling on Amy’s skin. She pushed the backpacks and staffs into the tent, and crawled in. She pulled out her pillow and sleeping bag and lay down, exhausted. By the time Frank and Paul joined her, the wind was shaking the tent in spite of the rocks around them, and sand was drifting in the opening. 
Paul closed up the tent, “That was close!”
Amy was exhausted, and lay there listening to the howling of the wind. What would have happened to them if they’d been caught in the open? 
* * *
Luc was pacing back and forth outside the office when Sammy arrived. Sammy had dug deeper and deeper into what was going on over the past months, and thought he had some answers for Luc now. He’d already told Luc that there was some heavy stuff about what Amy was doing, hoping to reduce the shock. 
The briefing took an hour, examining surveillance reports and schedules, laboratory tests, and photos. Luc was as professional as when they had worked together in Army Intelligence. At the end Sammy needed to go back to the key points, hopefully pushing Luc towards the astonishing conclusion that he had come to. 
“Before I give you the final two items, I’ll recap what we have. The sapphires have a unique crystal structure and color. The gemologists had never seen anything like them before. We’re returning all but one to you, we’re using that one for additional tests, and you told me the six sapphires sold for a little over $2,500 each, over $15,000, and the purchaser is anxious for a new supply. In the leather bag were pieces of grass and fern, and some soil. This type of grass grows only on the prairies of southern Russia. The fern is unknown, but requires a hot humid climate. There was not enough soil for complete analysis, but it lacked any of the normal soil bacteria and had been sterilized somehow.”
Sammy pushed forward the leather bag that had contained the sapphires. “The leather bag itself was hand-made, and the mark punched into the bottom of the bag is similar to seals found in the Sumerian city of Uruk, dating from around 3300 BCE. The leather is not cow, horse, or donkey hide, and appears to be from a large bird, perhaps an ostrich, except that an ostrich doesn’t normally produce leather this thick. The ties holding the bag together were made from the sinews of the same type of bird. The DNA from the bag and the ties matched each other, but don’t match any known bird.”
“The x-ray of the staff,” Sammy pushed forward the set of photos, and an x-ray of the staff, “from the airport showed a secret compartment in the wide end with eight gold beads. The staff visually appears to be wood, but it isn’t. We don’t know what it is made of as we weren’t able to scrape off a sample, it was too hard. A pouch in the old man’s backpack now in Frank’s home included eight beads of most kinds of metals; calcium, aluminum, tin, carbon, zinc, iron, lead, copper, and silver. That’s a key system that creates over a trillion codes, but we don’t know what it is a key for. We have no idea what would require that type of security. Both Frank’s and Paul’s staffs have eight gold links, from one of Amy’s gold chains we’re guessing, in the bottom of drilled holes, which were sealed with caulking. Nothing special there.”
“The three leather journals Frank has been studying have a cowhide leather binding and hand-made paper pages. Each page of the first two journals is filled, and the third journal is half full. The writing is similar to Sumerian, with one symbol, made up of one or more tapering lines, being one word, and with some word symbols being diagrams. It was written with dark blue ink and a small brush. The other journals were blank exercise books that you can buy at any Mexican store. They include hand written dictionaries, initially from Spanish to the symbols, with English added later opposite the symbols. The dictionary shows that the journal sentences are gibberish, some form of substitution code. There is no record of the old man in Mexico, so we extended the search to the US, Canada, and Europe, with no luck. The archeologists that study Sumerian are a small crowd and none of them are missing, so he’s not one of them either. Frank has strong encryption on his laptop hard drive and files, so it will be hard for anyone to decode them, including us, if ever. We’re the third party to copy the hard drive in Frank’s laptop, the geeks could tell somehow. That’s what alerted us to others being interested in Amy and Frank.”
“As far as we can tell, there are two groups watching Amy, and Frank. You authorized a brief visit to Halifax and that confirmed that Frank was being watched as well, but we couldn’t determine if it is the same groups. It’s a safe assumption that they’re also watching Paul, but we would have to get someone in Italy to confirm that. We haven’t been able to identify the first group yet, or what their reasons for watching Amy are. We have new information on the second group of watchers.”
Luc asked, “Who are they?”
“I just last week confirmed that the people we’ve photographed are part of a sophisticated criminal group known as The Organization. Both the FBI and the Secret Service are investigating some illegal money transfers. I was told that those members of The Organization who talk to outsiders disappear permanently, as do their wives and children. That means no one is going to talk, just like with the Japanese gangs; you remember them? The Organization uses threats, torture, and murder, to get their way. This outfit has me worried, and I think they pose a real risk to Amy. The Organization is apparently aware of the first group, but the first group doesn’t seem to be aware that they’re being watched. We don’t know why The Organization is watching Amy, but what happened yesterday gives us a clue.”
Luc was frowning, “Yesterday? Yesterday Amy was meeting Paul and Frank in Mexico. What happened?”
Sammy cleared away the leather bag, reports, and the photos. “We followed Amy and I have something to show you. That’s why I asked to meet with you as soon as possible.” Sammy opened up his laptop and used the fingerprint reader to start it. “We put a radio tracker in Amy’s hiking boot at the university. We used that to follow her yesterday. With the tracker, one of our team is able to stay ahead of her most of the time. As he walked through a jungle clearing with some ruins he realized that people were watching him from the jungle. He continued on the trail and when he was satisfied that he wasn’t being watched any more, he doubled back through the jungle to the clearing. There was a pair of observers at the edge of the clearing, and a number of wireless video cameras in the trees. The observers were obviously not aware of cameras, and in the report he called them amateurs. But it does mean that both groups knew where she was going to, and the clearing is important. Our investigator was able to sneak in and get this.” 
Sammy started the video and Luc watched intently. The video showed Amy standing in a clearing in the jungle. The video was taken through a bush so it was partially obscured. In the shot were the two building floors and the remains of the building walls around them, showing clearly in the strong sunlight. Amy looked around the clearing before moving to the center of the nearest floor. Amy looked down at her feet, adjusted her backpack, and then using her staff, tapped a number of times on the floor. Luc gasped as a black dome appeared around Amy, and then after maybe 30 seconds, it disappeared. Amy was gone. The clearing was empty.
Luc was upset. “What happened to Amy?” 
“I think she’s fine Luc. The people watching her didn’t seem surprised by the black dome or her disappearance. Watch this.”
The video continued showing a man stepping out of the jungle with a camcorder in one hand, saying into a cellphone, “All three are now through. All used the same sequence of taps.”
Sammy asked, “Do you want to see it again?”
“Yes, and you’d better tell me what’s going on!” The military officer had given way to a concerned father.
This was a side of Luc few people saw. Sammy was careful not to smile. He restarted the video, adding his comments as it played. “Amy isn’t looking around at something new, she’s been here before. She’s checking that no one is around. Now she’s careful to stand in a particular spot, the exact center of where the black dome will appear. Amy’s not just tapping; she taps a particular rhythm, what the watcher called a sequence. The watcher also said, ‘All three are through now’, which means that Paul and Frank went through before Amy arrived. The dome is twenty feet or more in diameter, and you can see its shadow. Amy does not leave the back of the dome.” 
Luc was anxious, “OK, so tell me.”
“My team is monitoring the radio tracker frequency, watching the ruins, and the other watchers, and Amy hasn’t come back yet.”
“Come back from where?”
“From where there are ferns that grow that no one has seen before. From where leather is made from a bird the size of an ostrich, but no one has seen it before. From where sapphires have a unique crystal structure. From where a language is used that died out on Earth thousands of years ago.”
Luc’s leaned forward, elbows on the table, fingers rubbing his forehead. He suddenly tensed and looked up at Sammy, “You said ‘on Earth’! You think she’s not on Earth?!”
Sammy prompted, “What do you think?” 
Luc closed his eyes for a second, “So who was Simon?”
Sammy nodded; Luc had focused on the key question quickly, “Yeah. We checked around the area. Many knew the old man; they thought he was some kind of hermit, a holy man. They told of teaching him Spanish, and later English. They also told of his awe at seeing cars and busses, and of not understanding what a plane in the sky was. He’d disappear for weeks at a time and then just as suddenly return. In the journals, at the beginning of each one, are two symbols. The first symbol is for a hill, and the second symbol is a verb, for finding or seeking. The linguists think it is his name. Hill finder, or hill seeker.”
Their conversation continued for a while with Luc looking through the information again and again. Luc asked, “There’s no sign that The Organization is going to act?”
“No sign of that. As they didn’t act immediately when they became aware of Amy, or on this trip to Mexico, my guess is that they are waiting until after she graduates. Less attention that way.”
“This is unreal.” stated Luc, looking into the eyes of his old friend. “Double the teams watching Amy. I want her protected from The Organization and the other watchers!” 
Sammy asked, “Do you want to tell Amy?”
Luc leaned back, thinking, “Not yet, we can protect her easier if she’s not aware that she’s being followed.”
Sammy agreed with part of that, “But you will have to tell her?”
“Yes, but I don’t want to alarm Amy or Rosemary too early.”
Sammy had a different opinion, having a daughter about the same age, but Luc was the client, not just a friend. “OK, I can find the extra people to increase her protection, but this is going to get expensive. I can eat the extra cost if you need me to.”
“Don’t worry, those patents I have on military hardware have really paid off. I’m happy to pay in full. At least it’s going to a friend!”
* * *
The wind had stopped and it was dark outside the tent. Frank was working on his laptop; Paul was fast asleep.  
“What time is it?” Amy whispered as she grabbed her water bottle. Her throat was so dry she had no saliva.
Frank smiled, “On Earth it’s midnight, but here it’s two or three hours before dawn. The storm lasted for 12 hours. You snore!”
“You try sleeping holding a five foot staff,” responded Amy, as she fluffed her red pillow, deciding to go back to sleep until it was light outside. 
* * *
Amy woke as Paul shook her shoulder. Paul was listening to something, “There’s something moving around the rocks.” Listening she could hear clicking and scrabbling sounds. Frank was awake as well.
Paul pulled his knife and sheath out of the backpack and fastened it into his belt. “Grab your knife and staff and follow me.” 
The storm was gone. The air felt strange, like the electrical charge before a thunderstorm. There was still some dust in the air. It felt even drier than yesterday. Amy grabbed a quick drink of water, and moved to the entrance to the cave. Paul was on her right and Frank was on her left. Amy couldn’t hear anything now. Then there was scraping sounds on the rocks behind her! Amy whipped around putting her staff in front of her. Not behind her, above her, on the rocks above the cave. Amy saw a flash of white between two rocks on the hill, the sounds moved from left to right. Amy saw some movement again and pointed with her staff, “There!” They moved out from the cave to try to see what it was. Paul and Frank moved across the sandy area in front of the cave to get a better view of the hill above the cave.
Paul had his eyes on the rocks looking at something that Amy could not see. “Come to us Amy, and keep your eyes on the rocks above the cave.”
Amy moved out slowly to where Paul and Frank were standing, shuffling sideways so she could keep her eyes on the rocks. There was something there. It was moving slowly down the rocks towards them. It was white with streaks of grey and brown on its legs. Many legs; eight legs! It was a spider? It was a darn big spider! Maybe four feet across the body and the legs were at least four feet long as well. “Do you think it’s dangerous?”
Paul answered quietly, “Anything that big is dangerous.”
Frank was pale. “Spiders on Earth eat insects and even birds. Look at its mouth; it has sharp pointy teeth for tearing its prey apart, and two things to hold its prey.”
Amy saw that the spider was aware of their interest and seemed to be listening to them. Half joking, she said in Galactic, “Are you going to eat us?”
“You’re much too skinny to make a good meal,” said the spider in a strange husky voice, enunciating carefully, as you would to a child.

Chapter 14 – Stay Away from the Spiders

Amy knew her mouth was hanging open but she couldn’t do anything about it. Did she imagine that? She glanced at Paul and Frank; their mouths hung open too. What should she do? Simon said that polite conversation always started with an exchange of their full names. What could she lose? Her life maybe! 
With her voice shaking Amy said, “I'm Amy Elizabeth La Reine, from the nation of the United States of America on the planet Earth, of the sun Sol. The language we spoke was one of the languages from our planet. A human, Simon, has given us a task to complete and we are journeying to Great Island One to learn Galactic in order to undertake that task.”
The spider stretched upwards while Amy was speaking, but then it settled back down into the crouched position. “I am Westscout of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite. These hills are our territory and only we hunt here. You are polite, but you have much to learn; your Galactic is terrible.”
Amy was having a difficult time understanding all that the spider said, as it was not enunciating the words as it did at first. Amy thought that the comment on territory and hunting might be important. “We did not intentionally intrude on your territory; we were hiding from the sandstorm, and we have not hunted here. We brought our own food and water.”
“That is good. You are polite. I had the right to attack you for the intrusion but I chose not to do so because of the strange shelter you put up. Besides you have no fat on you.”
Amy saw that Paul was keeping his attention on the spider, but was glancing at the rocks around them. Frank had gotten over his fright and was now anxious to join the conversation. “What is strange about our shelter?”
Westscout stretched up and seemed to be about to pounce on Frank. She hissed, “Be polite you idiot; introduce yourself first!”
Frank with a shaky voice introduced himself, “Frank Bristol Wiseman, from the nation of Canada on Earth. My apologies. I was just curious.”
Westscout moved back down to the crouched position. “It is good to be polite Frank Bristol Wiseman; it may prevent you from being killed.” Frank’s face was white, and Amy could see that he didn’t want to talk now. Westscout turned with a shuffle of his legs to face Paul.
Paul gave a quick bow and carefully enunciated, “Westscout of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, my name is Paul Augustine Fortezza, from the nation of Italy on Earth. If you would like to examine the shelter, our ‘tent’, I would be pleased to pull it out of the rock place for you.”
Westscout returned to its crouched position. “Paul Augustine Fortezza, it is good that two of you are polite. Where a majority are polite we do not kill them. I will examine this 'tent'. A hole in the rocks is called a cave. You also need to improve your Galactic. Your grammar is terrible.”
Amy watched Westscout leap without apparent effort from the rocks onto the sand. She realized that he? she? it? could have attacked them at any time. Amy watched as Paul pulled the backpacks, sleeping bags, water bottles, and Amy’s red pillow, out of the tent and then just lifted the dome tent out of the cave onto the sand in front of Westscout. Frank pulled Amy further back, a long way back, to give room for Westscout to examine the tent. Frank was trembling, frightened by this huge alien spider in front of her. 
Paul showed Westscout how the carbon-fiber poles slotted together and bent to support the tent. Amy realized she was hyperventilating, and took some deep breaths to calm down. She focused on their situation; Simon told them that the spiders were large and dangerous. Why hadn’t he told them that they were intelligent? If you took Westscout’s name literally, it might mean that this spider was a scout for the Clan in the west end of their territory, probably meaning that the spiders claimed all of the hills from here to the east end of the range they’d seen. So why didn’t Simon tell them to go around the far west end of the hills and avoid the spiders? 
Paul was showing Westscout their backpacks and different items in the pockets. Paul, using his limited Galactic, was telling Westscout how things were made.
Amy wondered how many intelligent species there might be. They’d found aliens on the first planet they traveled to! At first Amy was thinking of Westscout as some sort of huge tarantula, but with no hair and a finish of its shell more like an ocean crab than a spider, it was clearly something else. A funny thought came to mind, and Amy saw Frank looking at her curiously. “Oh, I was just thinking that after this I’ll never be scared by a tiny Earth spider again!” Frank just nodded and forced a smile. Frank appeared to be still processing his close brush with death. Maybe this would cure him of speaking before thinking.
Paul walked over to them while Westscout watched. Westscout seemed to be ignoring Frank, and Amy didn’t know if that was a bad thing or a good thing. 
Once Paul was standing next to her, Westscout made a high pitched tone. Amy jumped; she didn’t know what it meant. She guessed that it might be ceremonial. She whispered, “Bow!” They all bowed to Westscout. Amy sensed that this was the right response.
“I have taught Paul Augustine Fortezza new words. Paul Augustine Fortezza, teach your companions the new words.”
Paul told them the Galactic words for technology, industry, manufacture, machine, and production. Amy and Frank repeated them back; that was what Westscout seemed to want, although she was not sure how she could know what a spider wanted.
When they were ready Westscout continued, “The technology and industry on your planet is unique. Our Clan does not know of any other planet like this in this part of the galaxy, none other has technology like yours. You are three, led by a female who carries a Master Wayfarer’s staff, and we set a task for you. When you return this way in 64 days you must camp and wait here. Our Clan leader will speak with you. Amy Elizabeth La Reine, you must promise to return.” 
Amy was puzzled by this. “I promise to return. But what if we are not here at the right time?”
“Then you are not the three.” With that, Westscout leapt backwards onto the rocks above the cave and in seconds was gone. The scraping sounds seemed to come from all around them and Amy looked curiously at the rocks on each side.
Paul nodded, whispering in English, “Westscout was not alone. If we’d tried to fight we wouldn’t have had a chance!” Paul nodded again to the rocks with a wink. She understood that there could still be a spider listening. 
Amy suggested, “I think we should continue to speak in Galactic, to practice as was suggested, and to be polite to our hosts.”
* * *
Amy collected her backpack, checked that everything was secure, and put her pillow on top of everything else. Paul had already packed the tent in his demonstration for Westscout, so he attached it to his backpack. Paul led them up the rocks, to the far side of the hill, and to a valley between the remaining hills that should lead them to the village and the Transit Station. As they walked they discussed the Boat Pillar, the wreaked boat, and the possibility of a city under the sands. A safe topic while still in the territory of the spiders. 
On the far side of the hills they entered onto a plain with small hills scattered around. There was grass but it was dry and sparse. There were a few small cactus-like bushes. Paul stopped and put down his backpack, announcing in English, “No one can get close enough to hear us now. What did you make of the last announcement by Westscout?”
Amy decided that this was the time to make a point. “Frank. You were lucky. We were all lucky. You could have gotten us all killed.”
Frank was defensive, “That’s not fair! I just asked a question.”
Amy shook her head, “That’s not the point. We’re not rich tourists in a poor country where they’ll put up with endless questions. This is their planet and you have to live, or die, by their rules. Simon talked about politeness, and Westscout seemed to value politeness, so I think that we should be polite until we know otherwise.” Amy locked her eyes on Frank’s face until he nodded acceptance. “And we’d better talk Galactic all the time, for practice, as it seems,” Amy mimicked Westscout’s voice, “our Galactic is terrible!”
Paul nodded in agreement, and asked in Galactic, “Why didn’t Simon tell us the spiders were intelligent?”
Amy decided not to mention her suspicion that this might be a test, she could be wrong. Answering in Galactic, she said “I don’t know. Maybe because he thought we would avoid them. When he told us the spiders were large I thought that they were like tarantulas, maybe six inches across, not six feet!”
Paul and Frank laughed at that. 
Frank said, “I think…” 
Amy interrupted, “Galactic, Frank.”
Frank looked startled but then realized what Amy wanted. Frank lifted his hands in exasperation with himself. “Sorry,” he said in Galactic. “I agree we have to be more serious about this. It’s dangerous out here, but I don’t think we have to turn back. If Simon said there was danger, then we’d better be careful.” Frank looked to Paul for support.
Paul nodded, “I agree. Frank, show us what Simon said about the next archway, and where we’ll arrive.”
Frank pulled out his laptop and set it on his knees in the shadow of his body. Paul and Amy watched over his shoulder. They watched and heard Simon say, “Use the outgoing green archway. Remember, use the staff, point the base, the end with the gold links in it, at the archway as you walk towards it together and just walk into the wall. Keep the staff in the archway until you are all through. You will feel a chill as you go through the archway, but that’s all. In the dome ignore the signs and go to the green archway that has a sign that says DO NOT USE - NO RETURN ARCHWAY. In case they took the sign down, I put three red rocks on the floor just to one side of the archway.”
On Green Harbor Three you will arrive at a deserted city, and the Transit Station building on the north side of the square you are in has eight archways. I’ve explained the layout before. The far archway, marked with three red stones, goes to an incoming-only archway in an old mine on Great Island One. From there if you follow the valley to the west you will find the village of Ravinesedge. The people are friendly. Use my name and you can stay there and practice your Galactic. You need to stay until you sound like a local, and can disguise yourselves to look local.”
Paul didn’t like this situation. “Simon said that the locals don’t like outsiders to use their archways and we have to sneak in, so I suggest we treat these people as dangerous.”
Amy agreed, and she could see that Frank wanted them to be careful. “What do we do?”
“We’ll have to scout the village first and see. I’ll take the lead. Stay back, but keep me in sight.” Paul headed off on a route that would take him around the side of the next hill. Amy was puzzled at first but then realized that if they walked over the top, they would show up against the sky. She recognized that if they were to be more careful, she needed to ask for Paul’s advice more often. When Paul was 100 yards ahead, she called to Frank, “Let’s go.” Frank was busy examining a cactus.
Frank hustled to catch up with Amy. “Why did the spider teach us new words?”
“First the spider’s name was Westscout of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite. Second, if you listened to their conversation you would have heard Paul trying to explain about factories and manufacturing. Westscout gave him the words to confirm what they were talking about. Better to ask why Simon didn’t teach us any of those words, or have them in his dictionary? Why is Westscout of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, who lives on a rock pile on the edge of the desert, so interested in something that was manufactured? And why 64 days, why not 60?”
Amy saw that Frank was thinking about what she’d said. He pulled out his pad from a pocket on his backpack and started to write on the screen. Frank gave Amy a funny smile, “I'll add them to the dictionary later! What was that statement about three of us? Simon was interested in the fact that there were three of us too. Why three?”
“I don’t know. There’s too much we don’t know. Do we come back in 64 days? What's that date on Earth?” As she followed Paul through the valley, Amy thought about what Westscout said, but found no answers.  As they walked Frank tried to work out how long the day was here on Desert Stronghold Two, based on where this planet’s sun was yesterday, when they arrived at the Boat Pillar. 
* * *
Amy set her backpack down and crawled up to the ridge to join Paul. Frank was alongside her. Through some bushes she could see a small village. There was a stone building forming the south side of a square, and forming the other sides of the square there was a sprawl of small brown buildings. She could see that there were two archways, red and green, in the back wall of the stone building. It was the Transit Station that Simon had talked about. There was some activity around the square; adults were sitting in the shade under cloth canopies, and children were playing in doorways.
Paul pointed to the stone building. “Simon said this was a Transit Station with two archways and we need the green archway on the left. Do you see any dogs down there?”
Frank whispered, “No, but there may be no dogs on this planet. They could have some other type of animal to give alarm.”
“Good point!” said Paul. Frank grinned.
Amy pointed at the hill behind the building, “Can we go around the village and sneak in from that hill.”
“Yes, but we’ll still have to wait until it’s dark to sneak in. We can use flashlights, but we’ll have to be careful not to shine them towards the village. Let’s get around the village while it’s still light.” Paul eased himself backwards from the crest of the ridge, and after a last look at the village, she followed him down to the backpacks.
Going around the village while keeping behind the hills took the rest of the day. It was dusk before they were behind the Transit Station, looking at it from the crest of a nearby hill.
Paul whispered, “This is further away than I thought. We will have to sneak closer while there is still some light. If we go around this hill to the right, we can move closer to the building. In cadet exercises we used night-vision goggles, which would have made this easier.”
Frank pulled out his pad, and while making a note whispered, “Why not? With the money from the sapphires we can afford them.”
Paul eased back from the crest of the hill. Amy and Frank followed.
They stopped at the end of a gully, about 200 yards from the back of the building. It was dark now, with stars and no moons in the sky. Amy could only see the outline of the building. “What’s that?” Amy whispered, pointing at a brilliant brown line in the sky.
Frank whispered back, “This solar system has a dust ring around the sun; they can see it from Earth. We must be in line with the dust ring, so we’re looking at the edge of it. It also has a second star but I can’t see it. In the TV series Babylon 5, the space station was at this star. Weird eh?” He added, “I need us to stay here until sunset so I can work out the length of a day on this planet.”
As they watched the villagers prepare for the coming night, a group formed a circle around one of the cooking fires. Someone played something like a guitar. The people in the circle clapped in time to the music. They danced separately, each in their own spot, but they chatted and laughed as they danced, applauding at the end of each tune. Between the tunes, a brief discussion took place, more like lobbying, on the next tune. Some of the older women brought out globe shaped rattles, setting a beat twice as fast as the music. Once it was dark, the dancers said goodnight to each other and headed into the buildings around the square. Flickering candles, seen through some of the open windows, and the cooking fires gave a faint illumination to the square.
Paul switched on his flashlight, hiding the beam from the village by using his cap. “Let’s go, its dark enough,” Paul whispered.
They reached the back of the building without any trouble. Paul switched off his flashlight and moved along the building wall to look around the corner. Over his shoulder Amy could just see the shape of the smaller buildings. Hopefully, the villagers couldn’t see them. Paul signaled for them to follow him. She moved quietly, keeping her feet away from the small bushes. There were still people around the cooking fires. Should they have waited longer? No one seemed to see them, and Paul, ahead of her, turned towards the left archway, now black in the dark. Amy followed, moving quickly to get out of the light from the fires. Frank was right behind her. The building was empty. Paul shone his flashlight on the archway and that spot showed up as green. They were in the right place. 
Amy and Frank both grabbed Paul’s backpack, and held their staff’s straight up and down. Simon hadn’t told them what happened when there was more than one staff, another question to ask. Paul pointed the thick end of his staff at the green archway and walked forward. It was hard to see in the flickering light from the fires but the wall seemed to ripple and the staff just slid into the wall. Paul’s arm disappeared, then his body, and before Amy was ready, his backpack dragged her into the wall.

Chapter 15 – Two Planets

A chill moved up her fingers as they disappeared into the archway, and she felt some resistance, having to push through. Weirdest was when the chill hit her eyeballs. Paul was keeping his staff in the archway until they were all the way through. Light! She was looking at a huge yellow dome, while the rest of her body was still coming through the archway. It was disorienting, and she stumbled a bit as she took her first step into the dome. 
They all stopped in front of the archway. “Wow, that was weird,” she whispered into the silent dome.
They were in a recess about as deep as she was tall, the same shape as the archway. The archway behind them was red; they couldn’t go back that way. She saw seven other archways around the dome. A wood post and rope separated the pillar and its circle from the rest of the dome. There were chairs and tables, and a sign in front of each of the archways. 
“I didn’t think it would be so big!” Amy gasped. The circle around the pillar seemed huge in the mural and on the platforms. Here it seemed tiny. “Guys, this is what I have been dreaming about, a big yellow dome.”
Frank pointed. “There’s the sign that Simon told us to look for.” It was two arches clockwise around the dome. The archway was roped off. 
Conversation in the dome penetrated the silence. A group of three men with wicker baskets on their backs came through the archway opposite them. Conversation stopped when the men saw them. They seemed alarmed and undecided on what to do.
Paul whispered, “Let’s go before they ask any questions!” 
Paul led them quickly to the archway. The three men watched. As Paul stepped over the rope, followed by Amy and Frank, one of the men shouted, “No! Don’t go there! There is no return archway!” 
She knew that this was dangerous; they couldn’t know what was waiting for them on the next planet. If there was no other archway then they could be trapped on the next planet. Maybe forever! Amy said to Paul, who was hesitating, “We have to trust Simon. Let's go!”
Paul stepped to the green archway, and holding the base of his staff out in front of him, walked into the wall with Amy on one side, and Frank on the other. Amy found that it was even weirder to walk into what looked like a solid wall in the bright light of the dome. Just as Amy was to step through the wall, the archway, she saw three small red rocks on the floor. She smiled. 
* * *
They stepped out of the archway near the center of a Transit Station building. The bright sunlight shining through the entrances was making her squint. She could see ruins of buildings outside. “Let’s take a look. Simon said the city on Green Harbor Three was deserted.”
“Even so,” said Paul, “let’s stick together.”
“Hey, my staff!” exclaimed Frank. His staff was a half inch shorter, cut cleanly across at a slight angle, from the part of the staff which had been behind him.
“We’ll have to be careful, it could have been a foot or a hand,” Paul said firmly. “Whoever opens the archway has to be half a step behind the rest.” Amy and Frank, examining the staff, agreed!
Amy put on her sunglasses and cap. The sun was overhead. Most of the buildings outside the square had collapsed, but occasionally a roof was still intact. There were piles of dust and grasses growing in the square in front of them and a sense of desolation to this place. In contrast to the desolation, Amy could see palm trees beyond the ruined buildings. “Do you think anyone’s here?”
Paul responded, “No one’s been here for a long time; ours and Simon’s are the only tracks.” The tracks led to another archway, they weren’t trapped. As Simon had promised, there was a green archway.
The dust and sand underfoot reminded Amy of walking on a soft beach. There was little to see as most of the buildings were just a pile of bricks and rotten lumber. They passed a few fountains, but they were dry and filled with sand and dirt. It only took fifteen minutes to reach the bottom of the hill and the edge of the city. Paul stopped and Amy could see that there was no point in going any further. Grass and bushes had overgrown the road and the fields.
Amy wondered, “Why was the city abandoned? The fields are green and everything is growing.”
Paul shrugged, “Famine, war, disease, who knows.”
Frank was thinking, “There’s no furniture or belongings. They left willingly, or the city was scavenged later.”
Amy looked at the fields again, “Well, this is depressing; let’s get back to the Transit Station.”
“OK,” said Paul, “but let’s scout a bit more as we go back.” Paul pointed at the remains of a taller building. “Let’s go through the side streets and look at that building; it seems more intact.”
Paul led them back down the street and then cut through a side street. They came to the side of the building and Paul led them around to the front. She saw that the entire front of the building was open, obstructed only by columns about 13 feet tall that were spaced evenly across the front, holding up a stone lintel, and the front part of the roof. The columns were strange in that they were about three feet across at the top, but about six feet across at the bottom. The back of the building had collapsed but they were able to enter the shade on the other side of the columns. 
Paul asked Frank what he thought the building was for. “Well this is the only other building here built with stone. That makes it an important civic building, the city hall, or a market, or perhaps a courthouse.”
“Or a church?” added Amy.
“Or a shelter,” added Paul looking into one corner. Amy went over and she saw a small pile of ashes in a corner near where the roof came down to the floor. Paul poked the ashes with a stick. “These are old, how old I don’t know, but it means other people come here. This could have even been Simon.”
Amy yawned, setting off both Frank and Paul. “When did we last sleep Frank?”
Frank looked at his watch. “None of us slept well in that sandstorm, so about 48 hours ago. It's 9 pm on Earth. What are you thinking?”
“I’m thinking that the next planet has people on it and we need to be alert. To be alert we need sleep. Let’s put up the tent in the shade, and after a meal we can catch up on our sleep.”
Paul nodded, “Good idea! I should have suggested it. Let’s camp near the front where the roof is supported.” Paul glanced at the ashes again. “That was a long time ago, and chances are slim that anyone will be here today.”
She enjoyed the afternoon; this was the first time they’d cooked a meal together since the summer. It was a chance to chat and just get to know each other better. Frank worked out when the 64 days would be over, and it looked like all of them could come for five days around that date. Frank didn’t have an exact length of the day on Desert Stronghold Two, so he could be up to a day off, so they would come a day earlier than his calculation, just to be certain. Amy found it too hot to sleep, and she couldn't stop worrying about what might happen to them, but as it cooled off after the sun disappeared, she finally drifted off. 
* * *
They arrived to dark walls on both sides of them. Frank led the way, moving forwards towards the daylight, stumbling a bit on the uneven floor. They were in a huge rock cavern, open to the sky in front, and behind were the remains of buildings and metal structures. The sun was high in the sky, behind some clouds. In the open Frank could feel drizzle on his face. The green valley in front of him was like pictures of Wales or Scotland. It was cool here; he put down his backpack to get a jacket out. Amy and Paul did the same. Amy pushed her pillow deeper into her backpack to keep it dry. He saw between the clouds a moon. It was big! Maybe three times bigger than Earth’s moon. 
“Great Island One is warm for a moon,” he said quietly.
“Moon?” asked Paul.
Frank pointed into the sky. “About 15 degrees above the horizon, that’s big, a planet.” Frank pointed between the clouds. 
“Why a planet?” Amy asked.
“Wait for a clear view. It’s blue and white which means ocean and clouds.”
They waited for the next gap in the clouds. Frank shared his binoculars. They could see white swirls of clouds on a blue background. Just like satellite pictures of Earth. 
“Where’s the land?” Amy asked.
Just as Amy asked her question, Frank found that he couldn’t see. In his vision everything was black except a white round ball with bright yellow lights on the surface. It was there less than a second, and then it was gone. Everything went back to normal, and he could see again. 
What’s wrong with me? Frank thought. The others hadn’t noticed anything as they were still looking at the planet. He answered, “Can’t see any. If you looked at the Pacific Ocean from the Moon you wouldn’t see land either. Islands are too small to see. It may change as the planet turns.” 
* * *
Amy noticed that Frank sounded distracted, but it might be her imagination. Paul was looking back at the cavern. “What’s this behind us?”
“A guess,” Frank never liked guessing and it showed in his voice, “A mine or a processing facility. Not much left, just the columns and beams that were probably too big to recycle.” Frank smiled, that smile when he knew something they didn’t. “The other thing is gravity.”
“Gravity?” she asked, not understanding.
“Of course!” said Paul bouncing on the spot, “We’re lighter.”
“Oh!” said Amy realizing he was right. “I thought it was just from taking my backpack off.” Now they were all bouncing up and down and laughing. Amy could tell that she was jumping higher, at least two feet higher. They soon tired of that fun and started to look around. She noticed that vegetation seemed to be mostly heather with some grass and weeds. And strangely, something that looked exactly like a dandelion.
Amy saw that Paul was using the binoculars to examine the valley in front of them and the rolling hills beyond. “Can you see a road?”
“No. But there are animal trails on the sides of the hills, and stone walls, so there’s people about. We should go to the top of the highest hill and look around. If we go west, towards the setting sun, we’ll find the village Simon wanted us to go to.”
Amy now had the binoculars, “Yes, Ravinesedge. Why is everything tinted in purple?”
Frank answered, “It’s the sun. It’s not yellow like ours.”
Amy continued to scan the valley, following the stone walls across the hills with the binoculars. “All the colors are different; you’d have to update your closet to live here. I wish that Simon had lived long enough to give us better directions. Or, we could go and ask. How come guys never want to ask for directions?”
“Ask who?” said Frank trying to see what she was looking at.
She passed the binoculars to Frank. “Follow the stone wall up that hill until you see a break in the wall. There was someone there, and what looks like a tent.”
Frank found the break in the wall and the tent. “Oh, I see it now, directly opposite us. One person. I think they’re working on the wall.”
* * *
Sandspour one of the angel kind, now disguised as a human, a stone mason working his trade, was watching the humans on the opposite slope of the valley. He remembered when he was first summoned to assist them, he’d asked, “Are they chosen?” 
“Yes, it’s a gift,” was the answer from the Wise One. “She is the leader, and they are her equals. It is fortunate that they are humans; they will not resist our guidance. If they follow the path shown to them by the One Who Tests they can be the human Council of Three, and perhaps the Supreme Council, the three as was foretold. Sandspour, it is your task to assist them, and to protect them from the Evil Ones and those that serve them, but you must not interfere in their path. The decisions they make on their path must be their own!”
He’d carefully answered, “That will be difficult!”
The answer was, “Yes, it will be difficult for you. For them, they succeed or they die, and if they die, so will the remaining humans, and a majority of other kinds, in the Isolated Planets.”
So Sandspour prepared for his task. Soon an Evil One would arrive in this valley while the humans were here. It wasn’t a coincidence! 
* * *
Paul led off, choosing a slope down to the valley bottom that wasn’t too steep. Even with her backpack on Amy could tell that the gravity was lighter, and the heather under her feet made for a bouncy trip. Soon they were all jogging and bouncing down the slope, laughing and yelling to each other.
They stopped at the stream to catch their breath. Amy could see the water was crystal clear, with fish swimming under the far bank. Seeing it was too deep to wade across, Amy sat down to untie her hiking boots.
“No need for that!” called Frank.
Amy turned around to see Frank running at the stream. “Don’t!” It was too late. Amy and Paul watched as Frank leapt from the bank and then sailed across the stream, seeming to float through the air, landing well past the far bank on the heather. Then it wasn’t graceful anymore; Frank and his backpack went tumbling head over heels through the heather, and his staff flew off to one side.
Amy and Paul were laughing so hard that they had to hold each other up. Frank was laughing now too. “Well, come on!” shouted Frank. 
“You first,” said Paul.
“You just want a chance to laugh at me!” Amy grinned as she backed up for her run at the stream. She started to run, but found it difficult at first, as the heather was bouncy and her feet left the ground before she finished pushing. By the time she reached the near edge she was going fast enough, she hoped, and she leapt up into the air. She found herself high above the stream. It was thrilling, like flying, but she was coming down well past the other bank. As Amy’s feet hit the ground, she let go of Simon’s staff, and seemed to bounce back up. However, the backpack just wanted to go straight on, and before Amy knew it, she was tumbling head over heels across the heather. It didn’t hurt, the heather was soft; Amy was laughing before she stopped.
Amy stood up to cheers and laughter from Paul and Frank. “OK Paul, it’s your turn. The backpack knocks you over. Either throw it over first, or carry it, and let it go on this side.”
Amy saw that Paul was getting set to jump. Paul put the backpack straps in one hand, held his staff in his other hand, and started to run. He took off straight at Amy and she could see how high he jumped. She must have been that high too, no wonder it felt like flying! Just before Paul landed he let go of the backpack and his staff. Paul bounced back up again, but he was able to keep his balance as he staggered across the heather. Paul was all grin as he turned around, “I want to do that again!”  
“Later,” said Amy, looking up the hill at the man who was now watching them. Amy could tell that he was a man now; the beard on his face was fiery red, as was his hair. Paul led off again, but the slope was steeper this time as they followed the wall. Amy saw that the man had moved up the hill and was now standing near his tent with a long knife in his hand.

Chapter 16 – Sandspour and Bandits

Amy yanked on Paul's backpack to stop him. “We don’t want to scare him. I’ll go up first and talk to him.”
Paul was carefully watching the man. “You’re probably right. Leave your backpack here. If there’s any trouble you can simply outrun him. Just stay out of his reach.”
Amy put down her backpack, and Paul and Frank did the same. They sat down. She walked up the hill until she was close enough to call out. “Hello. Can I come up and talk to you?”
The man waved her up and put his knife into a belt sheath. It only took a minute to get to talking distance. The man was heavily built, well-tanned, and taller than she was. “We didn’t want to surprise you. We’re strangers here, and we just need directions to Ravinesedge.”
The man barked a laugh, “Surprise me! How? With all that yelling and shouting at the stream, half the valley knows you’re here!”
Amy had to grin, “We were just having fun. Can the guys come up and talk to you?”
“Yes they may. They’ll have to leave their weapons down there.”
“We only have small knives!”
The man shook his head in disbelief. “Either I’m stupid or you are. Very well, tell them to come up.” She waved for Paul and Frank to come up. Paul brought Amy’s backpack as well, with minimal effort; Amy was jealous. The man waited until they reached Amy.
“My name is Sandspour of Oupavok One; your leap across the stream was spectacular.” Sandspour looked at Amy expectantly.
Amy wasn’t sure what Sandspour wanted, but her name was a good place to start. “My name is Amy Elizabeth La Reine, from the nation of the United States of America on Earth.” Sandspour was clearly waiting for something more. “And let me introduce my friends, Frank Bristol Wiseman, from the nation of Canada on Earth, and Paul Augustine Fortezza, from the nation of Italy on Earth.” Amy could see that Sandspour was patiently waiting for something else now. A complement? “It’s nice of you to talk to us.” Sandspour bowed with a short action from his waist.
Sandspour turned to Paul and Frank. “Amy Elizabeth La Reine, from the nation of the United States of America on Earth tells me that you are traveling with no weapons?”
Paul answered Sandspour. “We just have our staffs and small knives. Are we in danger here?”
“Yes, Paul Augustine Fortezza. A group of bandits has been traveling in this area in the past few days. Your staffs won’t stop an arrow or a sword.”
Paul was concerned. “Sandspour of Oupavok One, how are you armed?”
Sandspour reached into the tent and pulled out a slim sword that was about three feet long, and then pulled a ten-inch long knife from his belt. “Paul Augustine Fortezza, with these!” Paul stepped back out of reach, not fully trusting Sandspour. Sandspour smiled at Paul’s caution. “You do well not to trust anyone on your travels, at least until you know them or are referred.”
Amy didn’t understand the last comment. “Sandspour of Oupavok One, what does ‘referred’ mean?” Amy smiled, “You can call us Amy, Paul, and Frank. It would be easier.”
Sandspour nodded and smiled. “Very well, Amy. Only friends in our society use shortened names, and even then not in public. You may call me Sandspour in private.”
Sandspour looked at them for a minute. “Amy, Paul, Frank, please sit down. You are new to traveling, and you obviously have no guide.” Sandspour waited while they each found a rock to sit on. “Referred means that you have a contact in one city that refers you to another person in the next city, someone you can trust. This is how we travel. Few planets have a government; the cities do what they can in their own area. There are bandits on most planets, and some cities raid other planets for slaves.”
“Sandspour, why doesn’t someone stop them?” asked Amy.
“My friends, there are no armies. The cities don’t have enough resources to support an army even if someone tried. If some bandits get too bold then a number of cities might get together for a while, but it doesn’t last long.” Sandspour now looked directly at Amy. “Amy, is it just the three of you traveling together?”
The change in subject startled Amy. This question sounded like what Simon asked and she exchanged looks with Paul and Frank. “Yes, Sandspour, it’s just three of us. The one who would have been our guide died before our trip here. Why do you ask if we are three?”
“Three is a sacred number to us, and a group of three led by a woman is significant. You can ask about that at a Temple.” Sandspour stopped talking suddenly; he was looking down the valley, “This looks like trouble!” 
Amy couldn’t see anything at first but then she noticed a dark smudge moving into the valley. Frank passed her the binoculars, announcing, “It’s hard to see in the mist. Maybe fifteen people riding animals. Reflections from what must be swords and spears. I don't know the word for the animals they’re riding?”
Sandspour looked in disbelief at Frank. “How can you tell that?”
Amy showed Sandspour how to look through the binoculars. “You focus the picture by turning this knob. Try it both ways.”
“Oh, I see them. We call those animals, ‘horses’,” said Sandspour, giving the Galactic word. “How could you not know that word? You’re not from a planet that speaks Galactic are you? Has to be, your grammar is terrible. These ‘binoculars’, did I say it right?” Sandspour waited for someone to nod, “are great! Yes, they are bandits, probably the same group. They’ll see us soon. Amy! Your coat!”
She looked at her coat, not knowing what Sandspour wanted. “What about my coat?”
“They’ll see the yellow soon. Hide behind the tent and take it off. Same for you Frank, hide that blue coat. You stand out too much.” Sandspour had pulled out a hood from his jacket and was putting it on. She guessed that he was hiding his red hair and beard.
Amy left Simon’s staff by the wall and grabbed her backpack and took it behind the tent. She pulled out a grey hoodie, and put it over her yellow jacket. Frank, seeing what Amy was doing, pulled a black sweater out of his backpack and put it over his jacket.
Amy, thinking that she’d better be ready to run, pushed her red pillow inside the backpack and closed it up. As she came out from behind the tent, Amy crouched to keep the stone wall between her and the bandits. She sat behind the wall with Sandspour and Paul. “Paul, your camos are a good idea, we all need to wear them next time.” Paul just nodded, and then smiled saying, “But, you’ll have to hide that red pillow of yours, it’s like a great big flag!” Amy ignored him; she’d already taken care of that.
Sandspour was carefully looking over the wall, using the binoculars to watch the bandits. Occasionally, he’d take them from his eyes and look at the binoculars in awe. “So Amy, where are you three traveling to?”
“Our guide, Simon, taught us a route to this planet using the pillars, yellow domes, and archways.”
“Moon,” said Frank.
“Moon! Great Island One, from here we were instructed to follow the valley to the west to find the village of Ravinesedge. Simon said the people were friendly, and we were to arrange to stay there, using Simon’s name, and practice our Galactic. Simon wanted us to stay until we sounded like locals and could look local.”
Paul took back the binoculars and watched the bandits.
Sandspour was watching the bandits as he answered, “I don’t know this Simon, but he gave good advice. However, if you go west through the valley you will run into these bandits. We can hide and let them pass by. Even if they see the tent, it will not be worth their effort to climb the hill. Where will you go after you learn Galactic?”
Amy looked over at Paul for advice. Paul answered the unspoken question in English, “He’s protected us here; we should trust him.” 
Amy looked to Frank. “I agree,” Frank responded, in English too. 
Sandspour was watching their exchanges with interest. Amy looked at him intently. “Sandspour, the task we have been given is to travel to Quenlac Three and return this staff and Simon’s journals.”
Sandspour looked surprised, “Ha! Quenlac Three is just a myth! A fable about a planet of wealth and abundance, where Wayfarers live, and there are fruit and herbs that can cure any illness. I’m afraid you are the victims of a cruel joke. No one knows how to find Quenlac Three. If it exists, the sequence is unknown.”
“We know!” Amy said with certainty. “We have the route to get there, and the sequences.”
Sandspour pondered this. “Amy, whose staff is that?”
Amy replied firmly, “It’s Simon’s. He asked me to return it to Quenlac Three before he died.”
“Amy, do you know that’s a Master Wayfarer’s staff?” Sandspour asked.
She looked at the staff. “Yes. Simon started our training as apprentice Wayfarers and told us that we would complete our training on Quenlac Three.”
Sandspour was silent for a time. “Amy, Paul, Frank, I believe you. You must not tell anyone else about Quenlac Three. If some people found out you knew the route, they would force you to tell them. You should not tell anyone about being apprentice Wayfarers either.”
“Sandspour, why not tell people we’re being trained as Wayfarers?” asked Paul. “Simon didn’t say it was a problem.”
“Because Wayfarers can only come from Quenlac Three!” Sandspour returned to watching the bandits. 
The bandits were below them, and continued to head down the valley. They watched the bandits through gaps in the heather. Amy saw a bandit wearing a grey cloak and hood, on a black horse, suddenly stop and without even looking up the hill, point directly at where they were hiding. 
“Evil’s breath!” whispered Paul, “He must be psychic.”
Frank mused, “We really have to learn how to swear in Galactic.”
“I’m happy without learning that! ‘Evil’s breath’ is good enough for me,” answered Amy. “What are they doing?”
The other bandits milled about, trying to see what the bandit was pointing at. They saw the tent, and the bandit in the grey cloak seemed to be telling them to go up the hill. Reluctantly, the bandits dismounted and started to lead their horses up the hill towards them. 
Paul grunted, “There’s your answer. It will take the bandits 10 minutes to reach us. With the horses they can’t come straight up the hill. Sandspour, what do we do?”
Sandspour answered, as he grabbed his sword and a leather pack out of the tent, “We run. You can hide in the hills, or come with me to warn Ravinesedge. What will you do?” 
“We’ll come with you,” Amy stated “but we’ll need to bring our backpacks.” After she answered, she realized that she should have checked with Paul and Frank first.
“Good. You’re younger than me; you can keep up.” Sandspour started up the hill, no longer trying to hide. “If we cut across the top of the hills we’ll reach the Village’s sentry before the bandits do.” As they all stood up, the bandits saw them, shouting to each other, and started to climb faster.
Conversation stopped as they ran up the hill. Amy was having trouble keeping up with Sandspour and was wondering how old he really was. Once they reached the top, Sandspour set a jogging pace; in the lighter gravity, Amy found it easy to keep up. Amy could hear Paul and Frank behind her, their feet making crushing sounds in the heather. Sandspour came to a downward slope and slowed down. He moved alongside her. “Amy, how were you going to pay for your tutoring in Ravinesedge?”
Amy thought, 'Pay?' Simon hadn’t said anything about paying. “We have some coins that belonged to Simon.” She pulled out a pouch from a side pocket of her backpack and carefully showed Sandspour; she didn’t want to lose any in the heather. 
Sandspour took a quick look and nodded for her to put them away. “That’s not enough. You’ll have to trade for it.”
“Trade what?” Amy asked while keeping her eyes on her footing.
Sandspour laughed, “Those binoculars! Once the villagers use them they are going to want to keep the binoculars. You could trade the binoculars for an entire week of tutoring and board. Save your money.”
Frank added, “Amy, we can do without the binoculars on this trip, we only have the journey back, and Simon said there should be no problems.”
“And bandits aren’t a problem?!” Paul said rhetorically. 
At that point, they started up the next hill, and everyone saved their breath for the climb. Amy noted that Paul and Frank were not breathing as heavily as she was, and took the time to give them an exasperated look. All she got back in return were smiles.
Paul asked Sandspour, “The one wearing the grey cloak and hood, and riding a black horse. Was he the leader?”
Sandspour answered reluctantly, “The villagers would say he was one of the Evil Ones. They do no killing themselves nor do they take any loot. The villagers would say that the Evil Ones encourage the bandits and slavers, bribe them with promises of gold, gems, and information, and appear and disappear as they please. It is not good for Ravinesedge that one of the Evil Ones is here.”
After moving behind the crest of the next hill, Sandspour stopped to look back. They watched the bandits come over the top of the first hill, following their trail.
Sandspour informed them, “They’re catching up. I need to go warn the sentry. The Evil One will have told the bandits where the sentry is hiding. You need to go to the village,” Sandspour pointed, “that way. Warn the guard at the gate that there is an Evil One, and bandits. Tell them it is a message from me. Don’t say where you come from or where you are going. Many travelers keep that secret. Go down that path and just keep following it downhill until you reach the village.” Sandspour ran off across the heather, taking the binoculars, before Amy could answer.
She looked at Paul and Frank, “Can we outrun horses?”
Paul shook his head. “No. If we hear them behind us, we’ll have to hide. Let’s hope that the village is close!”
Paul led them down the path, holding his staff horizontally at his side, keeping the pace at a jog so they wouldn’t lose control on the rough downward path. In the lighter gravity Amy found it easy, there was less shock on her legs and ankles. When they reached the bottom of the hill, she saw that the path joined a gravel trail. Paul followed the trail downhill. Frank was behind Amy.
In a few minutes the village was in sight, and Amy couldn’t hear horses yet. There was a small wooden gate in a low wall that went around the village. A man, sitting on a log next to the gate, saw them coming and stood up. He was wearing a brown tunic, tied at the waist, and pants. On his feet he had heavy sandals with what looked like spikes underneath. Leaning against the wall was a sword and shield, which the man now picked up as he moved towards the gate.
She yelled at Paul, “Slow down, you’re scaring him.” The man relaxed slightly when he saw them slow down, but continued towards the gate where he stopped. “Let me go ahead, I’ll pass on the message.” Paul stopped so Amy could go ahead. 
“Sandspour of Oupavok One sent us,” Amy yelled. “We’re to warn you that an Evil One and some bandits are coming up the valley. Sandspour of Oupavok One has gone to warn the sentry.” Amy didn’t need to shout any more, she was now close enough to talk, which was good, as she needed to catch her breath.
The man at the gate reached up to a rope alongside the gate. He yanked at it and a bell sounded, repeating every time he yanked at the rope. “Stay there,” he said, pointing his sword at her. 
So much for gratitude! 
Paul said quietly, “If they don’t let us inside we’re in trouble. If we hear horses, run into the trees and hide. If we get caught in the open we’re dead meat!”

Chapter 17 – Shelter at Ravinesedge

Amy took a few deep breaths. Paul and Frank were catching their breath as well, she was happy to see. Men were running down a narrow street towards the open gate. Most were carrying bows and arrows, others swords or axes. After a number of them arrived at the gate, the guard repeated what Amy had said, pointing in her direction. 
A young man, Amy guessed about 20, came over from the group at the gate. He was dressed in a similar brown tunic and pants as the guard, but just had leather sandals on his feet. He carried a heavy bow, almost as tall as he was, a leather guard on his forearm and hand, and a quiver full of arrows on his back. “Who are you, and where do you come from?”
Amy answered for all of them, “We are travelers. We met Sandspour of Oupavok One and he sent us with the message. We were told to come to this village by our guide Simon.”
The young man raised an eyebrow when she used Simon’s name. “Sandspour of Oupavok One I know, but Simon I do not know.” Amy could see that he was about to ask another question. A sound of someone blowing a horn interrupted the young man, it sounded just like the movies. Amy heard two long blasts and two short ones. “It seems that you tell the truth; that is the warning from our sentry that bandits are coming up the valley. Come inside the gate. As we do not know you, you must stay where I put you.”
“Let’s go then.” Amy was anxious to get behind the wall. It didn’t look that high, but being caught in the open would be far worse. They followed him through the gate, past the first buildings and into a narrow gap, a passageway, between two buildings. 
“You must surrender your weapons,” said the young man, looking at Paul and Frank.
Paul answered, “We have no weapons, only short knives like this one.” Paul slowly took out his belt knife, and keeping it on his open palm, showed it to the young man. The young man looked at Paul’s backpack, clearly thinking that it was big enough to hide a sword. Paul took his backpack off and put it on the ground in front of him. “You are welcome to search our packs.” 
At that point, the alarm bell sounded again. Amy could tell that the young man was hesitant to leave them, but nodded decisively, saying, “If you leave this place we will consider you enemies, and kill you. Stay here.” 
Frank grumbled to the young man’s back, “We heard you the first time.”
Amy heard the gate slam shut, and the villagers shouting and spreading out along the wall. Then there was only muttering, like a crowd in a stadium waiting for a game to start. Amy then heard horses and shouts from a distance, probably the bandits, but she couldn’t understand what they were saying. Then there was shouting from the villagers on the wall, most of which she didn’t understand either. From the tone it was likely swearing, something Simon hadn’t taught them. Amy heard the twang of bow strings a couple of times. The shouting from the bandits and the villagers died down as Amy heard the sound of horses riding away. “Paul?”
“Sounds like they’re gone. Could be a trick. While we’re stuck here let’s talk about weapons. Everyone here seems to think we’re stupid for not having weapons. I’m thinking they’re right. We’re too inexperienced to do this; we should have gone to the government.” 
Amy answered harshly, “You promised Simon to return the staff. After we return the staff, you’re free of your promise, and free to go to your government. I thought we agreed on that?”
Frank tried to break this impasse. He held his staff in front of him. “We have staffs. If we knew how to use them to defend ourselves it would be good. Movies have people fighting with staffs, but they have lots of padding.”
Paul stopped arguing for now, responding, “Good idea. We have to carry a staff anyway, so learning to use them as weapons makes sense. A staff isn’t going to stop an arrow, and can a staff stop a sword?” Paul looked Amy in the eyes. “I agreed to keep my promise, but I don’t have to like it!” 
Amy didn’t respond, but knew Paul would bring this up again. She changed the subject back to weapons. “I don’t see why we can’t carry sidearms; I’ve told you that I’m an expert shot.”
Paul dismissed the suggestion. “Simon said we needed to blend in. We can’t blend in carrying Earth style weapons.”
Amy decided to leave it alone for now.
The villagers on the wall were quiet now, and they waited for someone to come back to get them. Amy must have dozed; she jumped when she became aware of someone standing next to her. The young man was back. 
The young man walked past her to face Paul and Frank. “Until we hear the all clear you are to stay here.” From the tone, that was a message sent by someone else. 
Amy asked, “What would you recommend that we carry as weapons when we travel?”
He thought for a second, “I’m guessing that neither of you has ever used a bow or a sword. Learning how to fight with your staffs might be the best. A man with a staff can beat a man with a sword because of the longer reach of the staff, but neither a staff nor a sword can beat a bow. You just have to stay out of range, or behind something.”
Amy felt her cheeks grow hot at being ignored, hearing his emphasis on men fighting, and how he wanted to talk to Paul and Frank, and not to her! She interrupted, “While we’re waiting, why don’t you introduce yourself?”
The young man’s head came up with a snap, and he blushed with embarrassment. “Yes, my apologies. With the Evil One and bandits coming, things happened quickly. My name is Firstlight of Ravinesedge; it was good of you to bring the warning to the village.”
“My name is Amy Elizabeth La Reine of the nation of the United States of America on planet Earth. I am the leader of this group.” She wanted to make that point! Amy saw the surprise on Firstlight’s face, quickly disguised. “We appreciate you bringing us into the village.” 
Frank was next. “I am Frank Bristol Wiseman, from the nation of Canada on Earth. I add thanks for sheltering us.”
“My name is Paul Augustine Fortezza, from the nation of Italy on Earth. We appreciate your advice on weapons. We have a lot to learn about your planet, and we need to learn Galactic to assist us in our travels.”
A group of men and women came along the street, stopping at the end of the passageway. Amy heard Sandspour’s voice, “Here they are. These are the ones that helped me and provided these ‘binoculars’ as they call them. Hello, Amy Elizabeth La Reine; you and your friends can come out now.”
Amy grabbed Simon’s staff and put on her backpack; the lower gravity made it easy. She led Paul and Frank back onto the street and into the crowd of people. They were treating them as heroes now that Sandspour was speaking up for them. “Amy Elizabeth La Reine, how are you?”
“I and my friends are well, Sandspour of Oupavok One. We've been treated with courtesy. Is the sentry all right?”
“Yes. I reached him in time. We sounded the alarm and then hid from the Evil One. We watched them until they went back over the pass. The sentry was impressed with your binoculars.” Sandspour had a big smile on his face.
She smiled back, understanding his hint. They might trade the binoculars for a few days’ board, plus tutoring in Galactic. “Now we are here we would like to arrange for lodging and tutoring in Galactic.”
“Good idea. Let’s take you up to the Temple to make that request of the village elders. Follow me.” Sandspour led off up the street, and they followed him. 
Apart from a half a dozen men who stayed on the wall, the rest of the villagers, the men still carrying their weapons and bows, followed. Some of the braver adults, and a number of children who were curious, touched their backpacks and clothing. A regular parade!
* * *
Sandspour led them to a small square. On one side of the square was a Transit Station with two arches, the same as in the desert village. In the daylight Amy could see that it was over 50 feet long and about half as deep as it was wide. The front of the building was open with only one column in the center, same as the one they'd snuck into only a few hours ago. A curved stone roof arched from front to back. The walls were stone blocks and on the front, arches went from the center column to the end walls. On the opposite side of the square was a large building with columns across the entire front of the building, and Sandspour was leading them there. Amy noticed that it was a similar design to the place they’d slept in on Green Harbor Three. Paul was looking too. “Those columns. They’re similar to tapered columns in the temples at Agrigento in Sicily, just about the same height and shape, and with fluting, is that the right word, around them. The columns in Agrigento had twenty ridges; I remember counting them.” He added as an explanation, “Family vacation.”
Sandspour heard the remark, and advised them, “This is the Temple.” He led them past the columns, stopping at the first row of benches. “Take off your packs and take a seat. It will take some time to get the village elders together. Don’t mind the crowd, there’s not that much excitement around here. Three new strangers, an Evil One, and bandits, all in one day!” Sandspour left enthusiastically on his errand to round up the village elders.
Amy looked around. There were villagers in groups all around the square, and a few groups in the Temple taking advantage of the shade. Amy saw Firstlight in one of the groups and waved him over. “Hello, Firstlight of Ravinesedge. Our conversation was interrupted. I wanted to ask you some more questions about weapons. I know it is a difficult question, but can you give me an estimate of how long it would take to be proficient with a staff, a bow, or a sword.”
“I’m probably not the best person to ask. Firstscout of Ravinesedge, my father, is a retired guard and he might know.”
“Could we speak to him?” Amy was hoping to get to know a number of the villagers before the elders arrived, as she was sure that having friends would help them. 
“My father is at the other gate, but I am sure he would be interested in talking to you. I will ask.” Firstlight headed off at a brisk walk towards one of the other streets leading out of the square. 
Frank leaned over to whisper, “What are you doing?” Paul leaned in to listen to the answer.
“I want to make some contacts here,” Amy said quietly. “The more people we talk to before we meet the elders the better. I’ll talk to Firstscout when he comes. Paul, you talk to the sentry and show other people how to use the binoculars. I think that we’ll be able to trade Frank’s binoculars for our stay here. Make them sound valuable.”
“Yeah!” said Paul. “As good as a blockbuster movie!” Paul headed off to the group with the sentry and was soon showing them how to use the binoculars.
“Frank, it’s your turn. I want you to talk to the villagers, especially those who were at the gate where we came in. Play up our role of running, chased by the Evil One and bandits, to deliver the warning in time.” Amy could see that Frank was puzzled. “Today we’re heroes and we can buy something with that. If the village elders see a friendly crowd, they’ll give us a better deal. I’m sorry to sacrifice your binoculars, but they’ll be good for the village.”
“That’s OK; I can replace the binoculars when we get back to Earth. Weird to say ‘back to Earth’, eh! I’ll try to get more information about this Evil One, and the bandits. This stuff comes naturally to you, doesn’t it?” Amy just smiled. Frank headed off to a group that included some of the men from the gate.
Amy saw Firstlight walking into the Temple with a man that was the mirror image of him, only 20 years older, who could only be his father. Amy stood up and started to extend her hand, before remembering the different customs here and giving a short bow. 
“I am Firstscout of Ravinesedge; we thank you for delivering the warning.”
“Amy Elizabeth La Reine of the nation of the United States of America on planet Earth. Your son was very helpful when we first arrived.”
Firstscout was thoughtful, “Amy Elizabeth La Reine, I have never heard of a planet called Earth.”
Amy knew that this would be a standard question, and thought about the best way to answer it. There were a group of people around them quietly waiting for her answer. She came up with, “The planet Earth has been cut off from the Isolated Planets for thousands of years.” There were gasps and comments at that. “We are some of the first travellers, exploring planets, and trying to learn about your society. Until we are ready, we will be keeping the location of our planet a secret.”
“You are wise in that, caution is necessary, as you have seen today. Firstlight of Ravinesedge told me that you have questions about weapons.”
Amy was glad that Firstscout had dropped the formalities, it made conversation so slow! “We normally do not travel with weapons, and were surprised at the need for them. What would be the best choice for us as travellers?”
“Choices for travellers are the staff, sword, or the bow. Have you training with any of those weapons?”
Amy shook her head, “None. Only Paul Augustine Fortezza has training on fighting with a knife.”
Firstscout asked, “Do you intend to learn to use a weapon?”
“As a woman you mean?”
“Yes. There are no women guards here; we are very traditional in the villages, but women guards are not unusual in the cities.”
“Yes. On our planet I am an expert with a weapon that shoots metal slugs at your opponent, like shooting an arrow, but we did not bring those weapons with us. Our thought was that we should carry local weapons so we do not look different.”
Firstscout smiled at that. “Your clothing and packs would have to change for that to be true.”
“Yes. That is part of what we want to learn here.”
Firstscout pulled out his sword. “Then you have three main choices. A sword like mine.” He passed to Amy so she could feel its weight. It was heavier than she expected, with a lot of the weight in the handle; she wasn’t sure why it would be made that way. She passed it back, carefully. “A bow like my son’s.” He took the bow from Firstlight and passed it to Amy. There was no string on it now, so it was like a bent staff, but a lot thicker in the middle. “You can also use the bow to fight as if it was a staff.” Firstscout took the bow, passing it back to his son. “Or you can fight with a staff like the one you carry. Can I look at it?”
Amy passed the staff to Firstscout. He felt its weight, its balance, and tried to bend it. When he couldn’t, he was surprised. Firstscout examined the carvings on the staff and as he looked at the symbols at the center of the staff, she saw a brief flash of recognition on Firstscout’s face, quickly hidden, before he handed it back. Amy wondered if Firstscout had recognized the Master Wayfarer symbol, and if he had, why he wasn’t asking about it.
Firstscout continued in the same tone as before, “A sword takes the most training, a bow can be useful with less training, and a staff can be the quickest to train with. You could all choose the same weapon, or you could different weapons, there are advantages both ways.”
Amy saw an opportunity to get more people involved in this conversation. “Thank you, Firstscout.” Amy then addressed the group, “I wonder if anyone else has a suggestion on the choice of weapons?”
After a slow start, many of the group wanted to give her their opinions as well, and soon there was a heated, but friendly, debate going on around her on the best choice of weapons for them to learn. 
Amy, Paul, and Frank were known to half the people in the square and the Temple by the time Sandspour arrived with the village elders. People rearranged the benches in the Temple so everyone faced the elders. Introductions were made, and Sandspour gave his account of meeting the three strangers without mentioning their antics at the stream. He praised their use of the binoculars to watch the Evil One, and the bandits. 
Amy praised Sandspour’s run to save the sentry, and Amy gave the account of their run from the top of the second hill to the gate, on foot, chased by the Evil One and the bandits on horseback. She gave the same explanation about Earth, which created a stir of comments throughout the Temple. All went well until Amy told them that Simon had told them to come to the village. 
No one had heard of Simon. Then Frank had the idea to use his laptop to show a picture of Simon to the elders. They recognized a man they knew as Hillseeker of Bayside City. Amy, Paul, and Frank exchanged looks; they would need to discuss this later. Amy could see that the elders wanted to ask about the machine that Frank was using, but were hiding their curiosity. After that, the negotiations went well, and the sentry and Firstscout were both vocal in asking the elders to obtain the binoculars. With that support, Amy was able to trade the binoculars for a week’s board, lodging, and tutoring in Galactic for the three of them. 
The elders asked Firstlight to lead them to a house where they would sleep and study. It was back near the south gate, where they had entered the village. When they arrived, Amy’s first thought was that it was hardly a house. It was only a bit bigger than her bedroom. 
Firstlight apologized when he saw their looks of disappointment. Firstlight explained, “Many people who normally live outside the village are now staying behind the walls because of the bandits. This is the largest house that is empty.”
Amy smiled. “We will do fine. Thank you, Firstscout of Ravinesedge.”
“Amy Elizabeth La Reine, I return to my duties at the north gate now. If you need me, you will find me there,” and with a bow Firstscout left.
Amy saw a small alcove, opposite the kitchen. She’d have enough space to lay out her sleeping bag. If she put her space blanket over the doorway, she’d have some privacy. “Guys, how about I take that alcove?” 
Paul was looking around and had opened the door at the back of the house; it opened onto a small walled yard with a few small patches of dry grass, and a gate that led to an alley. “OK, if you take the alcove, I can pitch the tent out here, and Frank has the main room inside?”
Paul looked inside a small shed in the corner of the yard. After a few seconds, Paul came out, “It’s a toilet. It’s nicer than some I’ve used in Africa, tiled inside with some open vents near the ceiling. The toilet is a hole in the floor about a foot wide that you squat over; there are handles on the wall to grab.”
“You’re kidding!” Amy protested, suspicious of a joke.
Paul teased, “You Americans are so pampered! There is a basket of soft leaves to use as toilet paper. You wash your hands in a leather bucket that hangs on a hook. They have soap, but it stinks! You dry your hands on grasses, and probably throw them down the hole. Then you flush by taking the bucket and pouring some of the water down the hole. We’ll have to refill the bucket before dark.” 
Amy shook her head. “Well I’m using my toilet paper, soap, and towel. You can go native if you want!” Paul and Frank seemed to find this funny. 
Paul returned to the subject of sleeping arrangements. “I’ll pitch the tent out here. Frank, is that OK?”
Frank smiled, “It's sunset here, but almost midnight on Earth, so I could sleep anywhere. It may be small, but it’s better than being stuck in a tent listening to you two snore all night!”
“I don’t snore!” Amy protested, but Paul and Frank just smiled at each other.

Chapter 18 – Back to Earth

Their days in Ravinesedge quickly became routine. Paul was up first, as soon as the morning light hit the tent. He would wake Amy and Frank before going off for a run. The villagers thought Paul’s running strange. Amy heard one villager saying, “Why wouldn’t you save your energy for work?” By the time Amy and Frank cleaned up, Paul was back from his run and it was his turn to freshen up. Soon after that their tutor would arrive with breakfast. Wellfilling of Ravinesedge was an older woman who used to be a schoolteacher. Education seemed to be the responsibility of the Temple, and she was now their tutor. Amy found it difficult to adjust to the meals as the villagers had a heavy protein breakfast, a light lunch of fruit and melons in the heat of the day, and a late supper, at what would be eight pm on Earth, eating slowly as it seemed to be the evening’s entertainment. If they had visitors then it was usually during this late meal, and visitors would just sit down and eat without even asking.
Amy found Wellfilling was a good teacher, but as an older woman she found it difficult to talk to them outside the teacher mode, so she didn’t stay to eat the late meal, or to socialize. Wellfilling would continually look up at the camcorder with suspicion, and only Amy’s repeated insistence that they needed to record the lessons kept Wellfilling tutoring them. In the heat of the day, from one pm to about three pm, most people took a siesta or relaxed, so they had free time, and then tutoring would stop at sunset, and they would have a couple of hours before the late meal was delivered. They used those breaks to wander around the village and practice their Galactic with the villagers. 
They divided up their research to make the most effective use of their time. Amy usually went to the Temple, in the shade where it was cooler, and talked to the villagers who would gather there, learning how this society functioned. Paul frequently headed off to Firstscout’s house, learning how the policing and military systems worked on the Isolated Planets, and sometimes you could hear the sound of staffs hitting together as Firstscout taught Paul how to fight with a staff. Paul was to pass on those lessons to Amy and Frank later. Frank talked to the merchants who came each day to the village square, asking about their dealings and trading between the planets, trying to figure out how this economy functioned. Frank had learned a lot about the different planets, and some of the merchants had even given him archway directions and pillar sequences to cities on this and other planets. Frank was creating a wiki of all the information they learned on his laptop, explaining to Amy that it was like an electronic encyclopedia.
The archways in the village’s Transit Station were locked as going to or from Northcity. Green for outgoing and red for incoming; weirdly similar to those colors on Earth. Unfortunately, they didn’t have time for exploring on this trip. 
* * *
The sun was setting behind the hills as Amy, Paul, and Frank sat on the steps of the Temple watching the villagers completing their errands and work before dark. There were three merchants left in the square and they were getting ready to leave.
Amy mentioned, “I just found out how to keep an archway open while you go through it.”
“And…,” Paul prompted.
“Just tap on the edge of the archway with your staff. That keeps it open until you tap again. When you tap the edge the second time, the archway closes as soon as you withdraw the staff.”
Frank was incensed, “Why didn’t Simon tell us that!?”
Amy wasn’t sure either. “Maybe he intended to.” Amy tried to distract Frank before he went on about conspiracies again. “Frank, what time is it on Earth?”
Frank was no longer wearing his phone on his belt, but it was usually in one of his pockets. He pulled it out. “11:56 on Thursday night.”
“Do we spend some time here in the morning, or head straight out?” she asked.
Paul shook his head. “Head straight out. I think we should allow as much time as possible to get back to Earth. Look at what went wrong on the way here. If we have extra time we can spend it on Simon’s planet, or should we call it Hillseeker’s planet?” It was a rhetorical question. Paul didn’t like that fact that Simon hadn’t told them about changing his name. He asked Amy, “What did Wellfilling tell you about Simon’s change of name?”
Amy responded, “She said people change their names at significant times in their life, like when they take up a trade, get married, or are appointed to something. She asked about the name Simon; she thought what the name meant was significant and might tell us something. Wellfilling was also surprised by the single name, like ours, because it’s traditional to use two words put together.”
Paul remembered, “Simon comes from Simon Peter, the founder of the Christian church. It means something like fisher of men?”
“Yes,” Amy answered, “I think it does. Maybe I should have paid more attention in Sunday School.” Amy and Paul exchanged smiles. 
Frank said, returning to the original subject, “We don’t have much leeway. We should be ready to leave right after breakfast.”
It was getting dark so they headed back to the house. They’d used up most of their batteries, and were saving the flashlights for emergencies. Also, the flashlights scared the villagers, who were used to fiery torches but not beams of light. 
* * *
Wellfilling delivered breakfast as they finished their packing. Amy gave her one of her scented hand creams, and thanked her for her tutoring. Wellfilling was pleased with the gift, and wished them the protection of the One Who Tests on their journey home.
Paul wanted to review Simon’s instructions before going to the archway. Frank put his laptop on a shelf where they all could see it, and started the video at that scene.
Simon was saying, “Coming back to Earth you cannot use the mine, the outgoing archway is buried. You will have to use the Transit Station at Ravinesedge to go to Northcity, then to Northcentral. These archways will automatically take you there. In the Northcentral Transit Station, the third archway to your left as you come out is preset to an island on Great Island Two where they fish and gather seaweed. There is a good chance that no one will be there. At each Transit Station you should put one small coin,” Simon stopped to pull out a coin and show it to them, “called an it-rak, for each traveler in the basket. If you do that, and smile, they’ll just wave you through, but move quickly so they don’t have a chance to start asking questions. An it-rak is one sixty-fourths of a kad, and the smallest coin we use. They are made of some kind of almost indestructible silver metal without any markings. We tell the value by the diameter of the coin. Don’t be insulted if someone tries to scratch a coin; that’s the only way to tell if it is not a fake.” 
“On Great Island Two the Transit Station only has two archways. The incoming archway is red but the outgoing archway is no longer preset. It is now transparent, you can’t see it; all you will see is the stone wall. Without a staff with the right metal beads, nothing would happen. They expect you to use the staff coding for eight gold beads as posted, the default for individuals, and using that coding will take you back to Northcentral. But, if you use a different staff coding, that same archway will take you to a yellow dome where you can use the pillar in the center of the dome to bring you back to this planet. The coding I set it for was iron, gold, iron, gold, iron, gold, iron, and gold. Easy to remember, and to change to in the dark. Use my staff for the archway, the others won’t work for this journey. Don’t forget to change my staff back to the eight gold beads afterwards.”
“Frank,” asked Amy, “did you work out the values of their coins?”
“One of the merchants told me about the money,” Frank was enjoying the chance to be the expert, and pulled out his pad, “and there are 14 different coins officially, but only six are in common use. The kad, like our dollar or euro, is valued as one local hour of unskilled labor being worth one kad-kad, or eight kad. Allowing for their hour being one and half times as long as ours, a kad is worth about a $1.36 US, or just a fraction under one euro.” Frank was on a roll, and Amy and Paul exchanged a smile. “The only difference between the coins is their diameter; all are about 2 millimeters thick, er, about a sixteenth of an inch Amy, so I measured the diameter of those we had, and estimated for others. Each coin diameter increases exactly the same amount for each step up in value, just over three millimeters. The common use coins are the it-rak, the smallest at one sixty-fourth of a kad and it’s worth about two cents, the it-ab, one eighth of a kad and worth about seventeen cents, the kad at $1.36, the kad-kad at $10.88, the it-kad at $87.00, and the ro-kad at $696.00, that’s five hundred and eleven euros.”
Amy couldn’t resist asking, “What’s the largest coin worth?”
Frank was beaming now, “It’s the rak-kad. No one has ever seen one, but it will be the largest coin, about two inches in diameter, 5 centimeters for me and Paul, and I should make you guess but you won’t get it.” Frank paused to keep them in suspense. “Each rak-kad is worth two point eight five million dollars, or two point one million euros.”
Amy gasped, “No!” She held up her thumb and second fingers to make a two inch disk. “A coin this size is worth over two million dollars?!”
Frank laughed, “Yeah. I checked my calculation a dozen times. It’s hard to believe. From the kad up, each coin is worth eighth times the previous coin, the value increases exponentially!” Frank was excited and showed them his spreadsheet in his pad.
Paul asked the question that was rattling around Amy’s head, “Why make a coin worth over two million euros?”
Frank nodded, “Yes, why? We don’t know enough about trade between cities and planets to be sure. But I’m guessing that there were no checks, no electronic banking, and no way to bank large amounts of coin. No one here has ever heard of the concept of a bank; they bury their coins on their property or in the jungle. Simon told us that if you have too much coin to carry you can buy a certificate from a Wayfarer at the desk of a hostel, certified by a staff – whatever that means – and cash it in at the other end. Simon said the charge for the service was one half of one sixty-fourth of the amount. But today that only works on Quenlac Three, where there are Wayfarers. Even with certificates the Wayfarers would still need to hold onto the coins. There’s too much we don’t know about commerce out here!”
“Amen to that!” said Amy as she stood up and put her backpack on. Frank quickly packed his pad, and they headed to the Transit Station. A few of the villagers waved goodbye as they crossed the square.
They’d decided together that Frank would be the one to investigate commerce in the Isolated Planets, thereby making him their Treasurer, and he would be the one to put three it-rak coins in the basket at each Transit Station. Tapping the side of the archway made it a lot safer; they weren’t worried about cutting off someone’s heel! Everything didn’t seem as strange this time. In Northcity they glimpsed a large square but as it was early, before dawn, there was nothing happening. 
The next archway took them to Northcentral. It was mid-morning and the square outside the building entrances was busy with people moving about. Many merchants were set up under sun shades, trading their goods. Paul noticed one of the guards being curious about them, so they couldn’t linger. They moved quickly to the archway that would take them to Great Island Two. 
On arriving on Great Island Two, Amy saw that both side walls as well as the front were open to a beach area. The sun was shining in a clear blue sky, and a gentle breeze would keep them cool. With palm trees and white sand it was... “Perfect!” Amy sighed.
“We have two extra hours,” suggested Frank.
Paul was more cautious, “Agreed, but test the iron gold code first.”
 Amy changed the metal beads in Simon’s staff to the code. She pushed it into the wall, and it disappeared. “It's OK.”
Paul wasn't satisfied. “We don’t know if it's outgoing only, or if it goes to the yellow dome.”
Frank had the answer. “I'll put my camera on a tripod, reach through and take a picture. I think you can pull it back.”
Amy pushed her staff in the archway again. Frank pushed the camera through twice, once to see what was there. A yellow dome. Then again to see the color of this archway from the other side. Yellow. They could come back here if necessary. Paul was satisfied, after one more condition. “We walk through the palms, on the fallen leaves, so we don't leave tracks.”
They walked through the palms and past the first set of rocks so they were out of sight of anyone arriving at the Transit Station. From beneath the palms they could see that this was a small island, and there were some small boats and fishing nets stacked on the highest point of the island. Amy enjoyed the break, lazing on the white sandy beach under the hot sun, and swimming in the surf with Paul and Frank. It was the only time she got to wear her bikini. 
The two hours were over fast. They packed up and headed back to the Transit Station. 
Paul stopped them outside the Transit Station, pointing at the ground. “New tracks! Sandals. Someone was here!” 
Amy said, “You were right about hiding our tracks.”
Frank asked, “Were they after us?”
“No idea,” Paul offered. “They could be just checking us out because we're dressed differently, or they spotted Simon's staff. Let's go before they come back.” 
The yellow dome was empty except for a piece of wood in front of each archway, including one at their feet.  Amy picked it up. It was from a small log, split in half, and on it was Galactic writing done with a small brush and ink, except the writing didn’t make any sense. “Frank, what do you make of this?” 
“It’s in code like Simon’s journals, but the last two symbols are likely code for the staff beads to be used. This archway used iron and gold, and there’s two symbols used. It might be a simple substitution code, one letter for iron, one letter for gold. If the writing on the other pieces of wood is like this, we might be able to decode the metal beads required for each one.”
That sent them off around the dome. Frank took a picture of each piece of wood. Each of the archways showed the same yellow-orange color. By the end, Frank was sure that he could decode the metal beads. “It will need a few experiments, but we can decode this. It might help decode the journals.”
Paul looked at his watch. “Later Frank, we don’t have time now.”
Frank looked disappointed, but nodded in agreement.
Amy changed the beads in Simon’s staff back to all gold and they used the pillar to go to Simon’s planet. They spent a few minutes looking for sapphires, finding eleven on the surface of the sandy soil. Next time they would have to dig, and would buy a shovel the next time they were in San Crecerlan. 
Reluctantly they used the pillar to go back to Earth; this was the end of their travels for now. The timing was perfect and they arrived in San Crecerlan in time to take the bus to the airport. They were a few hours early, and by consensus they all headed for the airport restaurant, for Earth style burger and fries for Amy and Frank, and pasta for Paul. 
Amy had enjoyed travelling to the planets they’d seen, but now it was over. Parting wasn't easy; it meant the waiting was beginning again. None of them saw any of the watchers, at the ruins, in San Crecerlan, or at the airport.

Chapter 19 – Watchers

Amy delivered the new sapphires to her Dad. He seemed worried and distracted, and it was more than just that she would not say where the sapphires came from. Just before she left her Dad asked again, “When are you going to tell me what's going on?”
“Not yet, Dad. I have a promise to keep, but I’ll be able to tell you later.”
“You’re sure this is safe?”
“It’s more dangerous than I thought,” Amy admitted hesitantly. She saw her Dad flinch. “But after the ‘incident’, you taught me how to defend myself.” She watched her Dad’s face go white. She rarely mentioned the incident to her Dad or Mom, and they never brought it up. Sometimes she thought that she was the only one who’d learned to deal with it, but then, here she was referring to that horrible day as the ‘incident’. “Dad, it’s OK.” Amy added, with a smile, “I’m being careful. I’m being as paranoid as you taught me to be.”
“Ah, but are you paranoid enough?” Amy’s Dad replied, and they exchanged smiles. This was their private joke and helped to break the tension. He added, “Just be careful out there, OK!”
“I’ll be careful Dad, I promise.” Amy gave her Dad a hug and headed out to her car to do a few other errands before heading home. Her Dad was watching out of the office window as she drove away and she gave him a wave. 
As she drove Amy thought about being paranoid enough. About arrows and swords, and about how ineffective Simon’s staff would be against them. Thinking about swords made her think about Sandspour again, and Amy was so startled by that memory that she needed to pull over. They hadn’t seen Sandspour after the first day, and somehow his existence had disappeared from her mind. Amy couldn’t remember even mentioning Sandspour after that first day, and she was sure that no one else had mentioned him, not even Paul or Frank. Why had that happened? She’d puzzle that out later. Right now she needed to think about what they'd been told about defending themselves. 
Paul had taken time every day to learn how to fight with the staff, and had said that he would get more training back here on Earth, with the intent of training Amy and Frank once he learned the technique. But why should she fight with a staff? She, Amy Elizabeth La Reine, was an expert shot and had the trophies to prove it! It made no sense to try to learn to fight with a staff when she already owned a competition pistol. Amy checked her watch, she had time; maybe she should practice this afternoon. Her pistol was still at the gun club. Yes, her membership card was still in the glove compartment. She’d fit that in, and if Stef was there, get some advice on the best sidearm for traveling. Her competition pistol was too finicky to work in the rain, a sandstorm, or the cold. How would they get sidearms through Mexico? 
She’d talk to Paul and Frank later, and see if she could get them to agree. Paul was the problem as he wanted to blend in and look like the Isolated Planets inhabitants, but she also didn’t know how Frank would react. She would just have to be persuasive. 
Amy watched a cop give a young man parked in front of her a ticket. The driver looked familiar; Amy was sure she’d seen him around the university. From behind her came some shouting from a driveway; a black car with tinted windows had driven into the driveway as she pulled over. There had been a black car like this one behind her sometimes when she drove down from the university. Amy wondered, for a few seconds, if they had been following her. Not likely, she thought; just my imagination working overtime. 
* * *
Sammy smiled; he’d watched the whole thing from the helicopter. 
He didn’t know why Amy suddenly pulled over to the curb, but the result was hysterical. The unknown group was just two cars behind Amy, and had passed her and then pulled over. They were now arguing with a cop who was giving them a ticket for stopping in front of a fire hydrant. The people from The Organization had darted into a private driveway to avoid being seen, nearly colliding head-on with someone driving out. Sammy didn’t know what explanation was being given, but from all the arm waving, it was clearly getting complicated. The pilot was enjoying the show as well. 
“Let’s get back on Miss La Reine’s car. Mr. La Reine didn’t provide this nice expensive helicopter so we could lose her.”
“Yes Boss!” Sammy could hear the pilot chuckling through the headset. “That was a real circus!”
“It was, but both groups should be changing cars and people now know that Amy might have seen them. Keep your eyes open.” 
* * *
Ex-Sergeant Stephanie Caldwell, Stef to her friends, watched Amy practice. Amy’s shooting was off, not good enough for national competition today. Lack of practice? Stef smiled to herself. On Amy’s worst day she was a better shot than anyone else in the club, including her! The club had a number of Amy’s youth trophies on display, and the members were proud of their protégé. Amy had given up competition shooting when she’d gone to university, but occasionally came back to practice.
Stef had only coached Amy for her last year of competition, but they’d become friends, in spite of the age difference. Amy was the same age as Stef’s kids. Amy finished her clip, and Stef took the chance to interrupt her. “Amy, reload, and I’m going to run up five silhouettes. Try for both a chest shot and a head shot, in pairs.” She pressed the button that would bring out the silhouettes. Amy already had a new magazine in the Glock.
Crack, crack. Crack, crack. Crack, crack. Crack, crack. Crack, crack. Ten in 5 seconds. Amy’s shots were near the center of the head and the heart of each target. Not as accurate as with her competition pistol, but some practice would soon fix that. Amy ejected the clip and the bullet in the chamber, before passing the Glock back to Stef. 
Stef liked the Glock, the sidearm she owned. Amy’s wrists were strong enough to keep the heavier gun under control, and it had stopping power. Any of the shots Amy had put in the silhouettes would have stopped an assailant dead. Amy had asked for advice on the best handgun to carry when traveling. She wouldn’t say why, embarrassed to refuse a coach and friend, but Stef knew that Amy had been travelling to Mexico, which was still dangerous in some areas. 
“You’re sure you won’t tell me why?”
Amy was embarrassed, “Sorry Stef, I promised! Maybe after I return.”
Stef knew Amy could be stubborn, and was willing to let it slide, “No matter, people have a right to protect themselves, and they don’t have to justify it! We’re friends, I’ll stop asking. Come have a coke and we’ll talk about how best to carry a sidearm, and how to make sure it works when you need it. If you’re thinking of taking it to Mexico – I have to warn you that you can’t, you go straight to jail if you do, guilty until proven innocent – only the military and police can carry guns in Mexico.” 
After the visit with Stef, Amy returned home to say bye to her Mom before heading back up to Duke. There was also a phone call to make, “Hi Sue, this is Amy.”
“Well girlfriend, how was your trip?”
“Really good, but I have a problem?” Amy and Sue had been close friends, almost inseparable in junior high, until in high school Sue’s Dad was transferred to California. Amy was invited to be a bridesmaid at Sue’s wedding, but now she was going to be away for all the dress fittings and rehearsals.
“Problem?” Sue prompted.
“I have to be in Mexico again, just before your wedding, so I can’t be a bridesmaid.”
“Nooo! I really wanted you there! Ben wants you there.”
“I know! I’m really sorry.” Amy was sorry not to be a part of Sue and Ben’s wedding, and not just to miss being part of the ceremony. As an army brat she didn’t have many childhood friends that she was still in touch with, and this might have been her only chance to be a bridesmaid.
“But you’re still coming to the wedding?” Sue sounded a little panicked.
“Oh yes, I’ll be there! Wouldn’t miss it.”
“Thank goodness!” Sue sounded genuinely relieved.
On that positive note the call moved on to Sue’s plans for the wedding and the guests that had confirmed that they were coming. One important guest wouldn’t be coming, Ben’s Uncle Badge, who was now the President of the United States, as he was out of the country on the wedding date. Sue told Amy she wasn’t sure if she was sad or happy about that, with the prestige of having a President as a guest at her wedding vs. fighting with all the changes that the Secret Service were requesting, including changing the reception location.
* * *
Paul waited cross-legged on a mat in the garden. He’d asked for the appointment as soon as he was back. Master Rees had a martial arts school outside the city. He was acknowledged as the top expert in Italy on fighting with a staff, although they didn’t call it that. While he waited, Paul rehearsed his request.
Paul jumped when he realized that Master Rees was sitting on the mat directly across from him. He was dressed in something like a karate uniform. Paul hadn’t heard a thing.
“Welcome Paul,” Master Rees declared, “please make your request.” The Master’s name was Gwyn Stewart Rees, reflecting his Welsh origins. He was not a tall man, only five feet high, but his ancestry had given him a thick torso and strong muscled arms. Not the typical image of a martial arts master.
“Master Rees, I have two friends. One of them, Amy, has been given a staff by a priest and was asked to deliver the staff back to his home this summer. All three of us will carry staffs on this journey, and although we are going to be armed, we want an option to shooting people, to use those staffs to defend ourselves without the violence of sidearms. I wish to learn the art of stick fighting with a jo.”
“Paul, tell me more about the priest and the staff.” Master Rees waited patiently.
“The staff is a badge of office for the priest. Unfortunately, he died before he could complete his instructions to us, but we do know where to return the staff.”
“Please describe the staff.”
“The staff looks heavy but it isn’t. It is about three quarters of an inch wide at the top to maybe an inch and a half at the bottom. It is dark brown, polished without being shiny, and about five feet long. Carvings cover the staff from top to bottom except for a band of symbols around the center of the staff. It feels solid, and there is a definite difference in weight from the narrow end to the thick end. The carvings allow you to grip the staff without slipping.”
“Thank you, Paul. Is there any weakness in the staff?”
“I don’t know if it’s a weakness, but there’s a mechanism in the wide end of the staff that allows the priest to place eight metal beads within the end of the staff.”
Master Rees looked thoughtful, and then bowed from his waist, before saying, “This ties to something else. Please wait while I check my library. Please enjoy the garden while I am away.” 
Paul took the opportunity to stretch his legs; he wasn’t used to sitting cross-legged. He was impressed by Master Rees, something that did not usually happen this quickly, mostly due to his suspicious nature. The garden was beautiful, no flowers, but bushes of different colors and leaf shapes. Paul saw Master Rees coming from the house, and he went back to the mat and sat down.
Master Rees joined him and passed Paul a photocopy of a page from a book. It was a drawing of a staff with parts of the carvings shown in detail. “Paul, this is a secret that I ask that you not share with anyone else, except your two friends. I trust you to honor this request. Does any part of the drawing look similar to your friend’s staff?”
Paul was shocked, but kept that from his face. The drawing was almost exactly the same as Simon’s staff. What should he answer? He studied the drawing for a few seconds before he decided that admitting the two staffs were the same would not be telling too much. “Master Rees, the length, shape, and carvings are like those on the priest’s staff. The carvings around the center of the staff are slightly different, but they have this same shield-like shape around each one. I will honor your request for secrecy, but where did this come from?”
Master Rees sat quietly considering Paul’s question. He reached out and took back the photocopy, folding it, and putting it up his sleeve. “Paul, that is a secret I can’t reveal to you now. You have secrets too, and secrets are sometimes necessary. Later there may be an opportunity for us to exchange mutual secrets.” Master Rees gave him an ironic smile.
Paul wasn't sure about this, but Master Rees had trusted him, and he felt he could trust Master Rees in return. No one on Earth should know about a staff, but here Master Rees had a drawing of one. He'd have to tell Amy and Frank about this.
Master Rees continued, “I agree to teach you how to fight with a jo. Your desire to have an option that reduces injury to your opponent is honorable, but you recognize that the option is not always possible.”
“We do, and thank you Master Rees.” Paul was pleased, he had enjoyed learning some staff fighting techniques from Firstscout, but he was sure that the techniques of the school would be superior.
“I will send a message to your Institute. They will agree; they have asked many times that I teach their students. You’ll need opponents for practice, so I will request two other students to accompany you. This will also allow me to teach you techniques for fighting in threes.” He paused looking at Paul. “In Chinese shamanism, the staff represents what some call the power of the universe. In Greek and Roman mythology the god of healing holds a staff entwined by a serpent.” Master Rees smiled, “As you can tell, the jo and fighting with the jo are my passion. The Shinto Muso-ryu, the name of our school and technique within the Japanese martial arts, has its own forms and fundamentals, and is based on teaching the use of the jo, the short staff, against a sword-wielding attacker.” 
Master Rees was quiet for a moment, his expression thoughtful. “The jo's greater length is its main advantage against the sword, but the standard length of 128 cm is shorter than the staff you are returning, so we may have to adjust the training. The training of Shinto Muso-ryu is done through kata, two-partner forms, but we will adjust that too. You’ll have no protective padding; you and your fellow students must therefore be accurate and focused. We have limited time before you graduate so we will focus on the ‘kihon no uchi tsuki waza’, that’s the twelve basic techniques, which can be performed alone or with a partner using a sword. I have a class now so we will discuss this more at your first lesson.”
Master Rees stood up, and Paul stood up, stepping off the mat. “Thank you Paul. The Institute will advise you of your schedule.” Paul watched Master Rees enter the house. Was that too easy? Paul felt that he could trust Master Rees, but he would still be careful.
* * *
Paul was requested, as if that wasn’t an order, to come at his convenience to the office of Commander of the School of Application, a traditional title that didn’t translate easily into English, to talk to the soldier who ran the Institute, the famous General Cadorna of the Italian Army, a formidable man. Paul hoped that this interview wasn’t because he was in trouble. Paul marched in, came to attention before the desk, and saluted. “Sub-lieutenant Fortezza, Sir”
“At ease Sub-lieutenant.”
Paul waited, perfectly still. This office was in the oldest of the Institute’s buildings and Paul noted the intricate carvings and panels on the walls all around the room. Paul saw that the Commander seemed relaxed. 
“Sub-lieutenant Fortezza, Master Rees sent me this parchment.” The Commander held up a folded sheet of rice paper covered with what Paul guessed were Japanese characters. “Once we had it translated, I learned that he has agreed to teach you and two other Institute students how to fight with a jo. The Institute is also to have, manufactured from a certain rare wood, six staffs of an unusual size and shape for your lessons, and those six staffs are to be the fee for the teaching offered. This was expected?” The Commander paused to look at him, a puzzled expression on his face. 
Paul didn’t answer, feeling that it was a rhetorical question.
The Commandant continued, “Sub-lieutenant Fortezza, this Institute has approached Master Rees many times, asking him to teach our students. I even made a request personally. Master Rees has always politely declined. I understand from this that you went to his school to make a personal request. I would appreciate it if you would tell me what that request was.”
Paul knew he could refuse, but that would create trouble. He needed to say just enough to satisfy the Commander. “Yes Sir. I approached Master Rees for some personal lessons, outside of my school schedule, on fighting with a staff. Sir, I told Master Rees that I have two friends that I will be traveling with after graduation. One of them, Amy, has been given a staff by a priest and has been asked to deliver the staff back to his temple school. I told Master Rees that all three of us will carry staffs on this journey, and although we will carry sidearms, we wish to have the option to defend ourselves without the violence of sidearms. Master Rees told me that that was an honorable request, and said he would contact the Institute.”
There was silence. Had he stepped out of line? Then the Commander leaned back in his chair and laughed. Paul had a hard time keeping a straight face. “Well, Sub-lieutenant, that is one request I never thought to make! An honorable request!” 
The Commander leaned forward on the desk. “Sub-lieutenant Fortezza, you haven’t told me everything. You have the right to some privacy. I won’t ask where this journey will take you as you clearly don’t want to say.” The Commander opened a file. “This is a great opportunity for the Institute. We'd hoped to attract instructors of the caliber of Master Rees. We can build on this. Your lessons with Master Rees will replace all other physical training and a new schedule is being prepared for you. I suggest you select two cadets, the same gender and size as your friends. This will make it easier for you to train your friends later. As a favor to the Institute, please choose first year students. The first year students can complete their training with Master Rees over the next two years, and I hope we can build a relationship with him during that time. You only have a few months, just enough for the basics before you graduate.”
The Commander looked intently at him. “Is there anything the Institute can help you with?”
“Actually, Sir, there is,” Paul responded hesitantly. The Commander nodded for him to go ahead. “Part of our travels will take us through Mexico. Only the Mexican military and police are allowed to carry firearms, but I heard that our Italian officers have carried firearms in Mexico. Would it be possible to get a permit for me to carry firearms?”
The Commander laughed. “You could have asked for something more difficult you know. When you graduate you’ll automatically be an officer and a reservist, and based on that status, I can get the permit you’re looking for. I’ll have it in a few days.” The Commander stood up behind the desk and reached out to shake Paul’s hand. “Sub-lieutenant Fortezza, you’re one of our top students and you’ve done well for the Institute. We won’t forget this.” 
* * *
Frank admired Jan’s study group contributions. The latest session was over, and Jan asked Frank to join her at the coffee shop. Jan was tall, an inch taller than he was. Frank liked girls who were taller than him, and when they put on heels, party time! Jan was tall and slender enough to be a model but even though she was attractive, she didn’t have that model quality. Frank enjoyed her company. He’d met her in a course he was taking for his masters, but she was on the degree track. 
Frank found he was spending most of the time answering her questions, but her answers to his questions were vague. Some people don’t like to talk about themselves, but Frank was uneasy; there was some problem here. Likely it’s none of my business, he thought, bringing fresh coffees to the table. Frank noticed that Jan had moved his chair so they would now sit shoulder to shoulder. Nice touch!
“Thanks Frank. There’s something else to ask. I was told that I should encrypt all the files on my laptop, especially my private stuff. You’re a computer wiz; should I do that?”
Frank had protected all his computers with encryption, even before the videos and photos from other planets. Frank smiled, thinking that it’s always weird to think about other planets! Seeing that Jan was still waiting for an answer, he suggested, “Yeah, you should. One in ten laptops are stolen; they can read all your files, all your personal stuff, especially credit card numbers.”
“I use a password!”
“That’s for honest people! They take out your hard drive and attach it to another computer, then they can read everything. Get a laptop with a fingerprint reader, or a reader that plugs in, and set it to encrypt the hard drive. That’s better.”
“Is that what you use?”
Frank was worried about this line of questioning. Half the power of security was in people not knowing what you did. Frank was using three levels of security, only two of which were normal. Frank always hauled around an old USB stick. It was round and bulky, and he plugged it in each time he used the laptop, and that got him a ribbing from the other techies for being out-of-date. What they didn’t know was that hidden it in the USB stick was another layer of encryption. The stick still worked, so it was a good disguise. Someone trying to read his files was not likely to plug in the USB stick, and that would stop them cold. Frank answered cautiously, “I use both the fingerprint reader and a password to encrypt the hard drive. The fingerprint reader should work for you; it protects the password file so a hacker can’t change it.”
“Wow, you’re serious! What do you have in that laptop?” Jan must have seen his expression as she quickly added, “Sorry, none of my business!”
“That’s OK,” Frank lied. “I’ve been asked before.”
Jan put her hand on his arm and smiled appealingly. “Sorry, I shouldn’t pry. My friends tell me I ask so many questions that I should have gone into journalism.”
Who says ‘pry’ thought Frank? Jan had an adult way of talking sometimes, and Frank realized that she also dressed more maturely than her peers. She wore the same sort of clothes as other students but better quality, better coordination. Her make-up was subtle, showing more sophistication than other students. Frank felt suspicion cool his interest in her, having now put the pieces together. Jan was not who she said she was. Did it matter? Yes, Frank thought. 
Frank smiled, “No worries.”
Jan’s shoulder rubbed his arm, but it didn’t have the impact it might have had five minutes ago. “OK, just one more geeky question, I promise. I’ve read that you should mix letters and numbers in your password, but I don’t see how you remember it? I’m always forgetting my passwords to websites.”
Frank wondered why she was fishing for his password, but even if she had the password it wouldn’t do her any good. “Use a phrase or saying, one you won’t forget, and then instead of typing a space, type a number or a character, it doesn’t matter which. It’s easy to remember and very secure.”
“Good idea. Thanks, that helps.” Jan’s leg pressed against Frank’s. “Listen, we have some time, so why don’t I come up to your room for a while. My roommate is studying so we can’t go there. I just need to freshen up, so I’ll go first, just give me ten minutes. How about it?”
A few minutes before Frank would have said yes. Now there was no chance that he would allow her to be in his room alone with his computers, even for ten minutes. “Sorry Jan. I’ve a study group for another course. Thanks for the invite.”
“Your loss Frank.” Jan’s hand squeezed his thigh briefly. “The invitation’s open any time. I like you, and you just have to ask. See you at the Valentine's Day party!” 
Jan left the coffee shop and Frank admired her body until she was out of sight. 
* * *
Frank would have been interested in the cellphone conversation now going on.
“Ethica Partners Private Investigations, how can I help you?”
“Hi Candice, this is Legs.” Each of the firms’ investigators used a codename so that irate clients couldn’t easily track them down. “Can you put me through to Tiger?”
“Hi Legs. He’s not on his phone right now. I’ll put you through. Hold on.”
Jan waited while the extension rang.
“Hi. Tiger here.”
“Tiger, it’s Legs. I’m not making much progress here. I’ve tried what we discussed.”
“OK Legs. It was a long shot anyways. Did you get anything on the laptop?”
Jan made sure that no one was close enough to overhear her. “Frank told me that he likes to use a phrase or saying that he likes, and then instead of typing a space, he types a number or a character. Does that help?”
“Yeah it does. It confirms that the password from our electronic surveillance is good. The problem is that it didn’t work. He’s got some other type of protection as well. Did he tell you more?”
Jan smiled; Frank hadn’t told her everything, smart guy! “Nothing more, Andy. Don’t forget that Frank, at 21, has two degrees, and is finishing a masters; he’s as smart as they come. The university is giving him a grant to do his doctorate.” 
“You sound impressed?” Tiger sounded concerned. “Getting involved?”
“Yeah! Don’t worry. I can keep the job separate; I always have. Frank is both intelligent and smart, I like him. He doesn’t appear to be the bad guy here. I’d worry more about our client, as they haven’t told us much.”
“Maybe not. Saying he copied financial transaction files sounds a little thin, but they’re our client for now. Finish the semester and stay friends with Frank. We’ll have the geeks continue to work on the copy of his hard drive; maybe they’ll break the encryption.” 
* * *
Amy was late for the study group. She found that she was appreciating Dave’s intelligence and broad view of the planet. Dave Higgins had joined their American Government course study group late, but had made some interesting suggestions on the government agency model they'd been reviewing. Dave wanted to be more than friendly to Amy, but she wasn't interested. She wasn’t sure why, but as a friend he was close enough. Maybe he was pushing too hard? As he had a room at the other end of her dorm corridor, they saw each other every day anyway. 
They were using one of the common rooms in Amy’s dorm building as most Poli-Sci students were in this dorm, and Amy saw that everyone was there before her. “Hi Amy,” shouted Dave. He’d saved a chair next to him. “So where’s the limp?”
Amy was confused; what limp? Then she remembered. She’d played tennis last night, and scraped her knee. She’d limped back to the dorm, and Dave had offered assistance. “It was just a scrape, and I heal fast.” To clue everyone else in, Amy added, “Scraped the skin on my knee playing tennis.”
Amy’s mind wandered back to yesterday. It was a bad scrape and she’d washed the gravel out of it when she got back to the dorm. She wasn’t sore this morning, and it didn’t hurt now. In fact she’d forgotten all about it. Casually lifting her skirt above her knee Amy checked where the scrape should be. There was no sore and no scar. Weird! What had Simon said about the staff and healing? She couldn’t remember, but she worried about what the staff might be doing, this wasn’t normal. Distracted, Amy didn’t contribute much to the discussion. 
* * *
From:   Frank Wiseman
Sent:   Friday, 6:03pm
To:   Amy, Paul
Subject:   Keep laptop secure
Some people here persistent in getting at my laptop. Suggest we all be careful with travel information. Tell you more when we video.
Frank
“Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.” - Albert Einstein
* * *
Master Rees had asked Paul to stay behind for a few minutes, so he was waiting in the dojo, the inside practice room, looking out at the garden. The driver and the other students were waiting in the van. Paul sensed a presence and turned to see Master Rees had entered the room and was standing behind him. Paul bowed. “Master Rees.” 
“Paul, we will talk after each lesson about the training techniques you’ll use to train your friends, Amy and Frank. There is little to say today except to remind you that this training must be done with only cloth covering the arms, legs, and body. No padding! We teach the body to stay away from the spear thrust, and the sword slash, through pain. The body learns quickly this way.” Master Rees looked out at the garden. “Today, Paul, I saw in you an intense purpose. You told me before that ‘All three of us will carry staffs on this journey, and although we are going to be armed, we wish to be able to use these staffs to defend ourselves without the violence of sidearms.’ Is that not correct?”
“Yes Master Rees, it is.” Paul was impressed. As far as he could remember it was an exact quote of what he had said.
“However, Paul, would it be more accurate to say, ‘when we travel again’?”
Paul knew that anything less than an honest answer might end the lessons. Master Rees shared that drawing of another staff, but hadn’t said where it came from. How far could he trust Master Rees? “Master Rees, I gave an oath to a priest not to reveal certain things until our journey is complete. But, I can tell you this, we traveled without guns. We were witness to an attack on a village, but we were unable to help, so in the future we will carry sidearms, but we seek options other than shooting people.”
Paul watched Master Rees consider what he’d said. “To be true to an oath I accept. To continue your training I must extract an oath from you.” Paul waited. “You must promise that when you return you will reveal to me all that has happened.”
This was it! Paul knew that the staff fighting techniques taught to him today were far superior to those demonstrated by Firstscout; they would need this skill. Paul knew that if he said no, or lied, the lessons would end. For the task of representing Earth to the Isolated Planets they needed supporters, and if Master Rees believed his story then maybe he, Amy, and Frank could take further training; they would all need it. Besides, he intended to tell everything to the government anyways, what harm in telling Master Rees? Paul saw that Master Rees was waiting patiently. “Master Rees, I give my oath to return after our journey and reveal all that has happened to me.” He didn’t say, ‘after telling the government’.

Chapter 20 – Mother, Slavers

Amy woke up. She’d dreamt about a yellow dome again; it happened almost every night now. It was a Saturday, February 28th. At least it would be if they were on Earth. Paul and Frank were talking outside. Amy took the chance to get some clean clothes on. They’d reached the cave without any trouble, and no sandstorm to run from. It was their second day at the cave, and Paul and Frank were both anxious to get moving. Amy argued that they should wait as they’d promised, and so far they’d agreed. They could only be away from Earth for five days. As the airfare, two Glocks, a shotgun, and supplies used up most of their funds, they would have to allow time to find more sapphires on the way back. 
Paul had brought the firearms with him from Italy, giving Amy a sidearm and Frank a shotgun. Paul had gone through the safety and care of firearms with both Amy and Frank. Amy and Paul had their sidearms on a belt hanger that had been part of the kits Paul had brought, which put the sidearm on their thighs, away from the backpack hip strap. Frank wasn’t thrilled with the idea of carrying a shotgun, it seems Canadians didn’t have much to do with guns, but he strapped it to the outside of his backpack.
Amy climbed out of the tent, carefully zipping up the flap behind her. Amy saw that Paul and Frank were examining the sand out in front of the cave. “What’s up?”
Frank answered, “A visitor.”
Amy could see the indents in the sand as if from a pointed stick, and sometimes as a dragging line across their boot tracks. “Spiders?”
Paul nodded, “Yeah, at least one.”
Amy looked at the rocks around them, seeing no sign of a spider watching them. “Well, it could take a while to get the leader here; how about breakfast?”
There was plenty of time for breakfast, and for lunch. It was afternoon when they heard scraping sounds on the rocks. They all moved out of the shade of the cave and to the open sand. Amy and Paul both wore their sidearms on their belts, and carried their staffs. Frank just held onto his staff.
Amy saw a flash of white on one side of her, then other movements; spiders appeared on every side, until they were surrounded. Amy forced herself to breathe; one spider was scary, dozens were terrifying. The spiders were still. Amy was beginning to wonder if she should say something. Amy saw Paul’s hand moving toward his sidearm, and whispered, “Easy Paul. Remember. We’re invited!”
She sensed that the spiders were waiting for something. A smaller bluish-grey spider, if you call four feet across the body small, was making its way towards them. It had the same crab-like skin of the other spiders. All three of them stumbled back when two of the large spiders jumped down onto the sand; protection? The smaller spider dropped down between them. It faced Amy and waited. Amy took a step forward. The large spiders rose up threateningly. Amy froze. They slowly settled down.
The spiders were waiting again. Amy wondered if she should talk first. Maybe, but politely, she reminded herself. Amy bowed, and she saw out of the edge of her vision Paul and Frank bowing as well. “Members of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, I am Amy Elizabeth La Reine, from the nation of the United States of America on the planet Earth, of the sun Sol. I am the leader of this group. This is Frank Bristol Wiseman, from the nation of Canada on Earth. This is Paul Augustine Fortezza, from the nation of Italy on Earth. We are pleased to be received in your lands. We have not hunted here, nor have we taken any water.”
There seemed to be no reaction from the spiders. Then the smaller spider spoke in a higher pitched voice, “You have spoken well, female leader of your clan. I am the Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, leader, and oldest of the clan. From what was reported your Galactic has improved considerably, as have your manners.” As Mother said the last phrase she turned her body briefly to face Frank. 
Amy thought that was interesting. Frank was wearing different clothing this time; they’d recognized him somehow. “We thank you Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite for receiving us.”
“I would learn more about you, and participate in your journey,” the Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite said, “and for that purpose I will send a Daughter with you.” ‘Daughter’ was said as a title, and Amy saw that this statement sent a shiver through the other spiders. “You do not understand this, being short-lived humans. It has not been done for many generations, but it will be done now. Return here in 32 days and wait. You have done well, Amy Elizabeth La Reine; do not fail in this. I will send a message to the village that they must permit you access to the Transit Station.” With that, the Mother spider climbed the rocks and was soon out of sight; all of the other spiders followed. Within seconds, they were alone again. 
“Wow!” said Paul shouting in relief. “It’s too late to leave. Let’s go in the morning. I guess we don’t have to sneak into the desert village this time.”
Amy suddenly realized that Paul was telling them that there could be an audience. “Well Frank, what do you want for supper?” Frank was startled by the change in subject. Amy could see his slow realization that spiders could be listening. “We should continue to practice our Galactic as it might be impolite to use another language. Frank, why don’t you work out when we short lived humans have to come back, in Earth days.” Comments on what happened would wait. 
* * *
They’d almost reached Ravinesedge. Paul was looking ahead, over the treetops. Amy looked in the same direction and saw smoke, a number of columns of smoke, rising into the sky. That was the village, but what was the smoke? 
Paul turned to Amy. “This could be trouble. Let’s look from up there.”
With their backpacks it was not exactly a race, but they jogged to the top of the hill. Even with the lower gravity on Great Island One, they were all panting by the time they reached the top. Amy could see smoke and red flames coming from a number of houses in the village. “What’s happening?”
Paul looked through his binoculars. “I can’t see much, but there’s no one fighting the fires. It might be bandits. We need to be careful. Let’s stay off the path and sneak in.”
The trees were widely spaced so Amy and Frank found it easy to follow Paul as they made their way down the valley. With a signal for silence, Paul stopped and crouched down. He signaled them to come up quietly as he took off his backpack. She and Frank did the same, and crawled up alongside Paul. 
Amy watched men in red jackets use their spears and swords to herd some of the villagers from Ravinesedge across the meadow. She knew some of them from their last visit. The men used their spears and swords to make the villagers sit down on the purple-green grass; the villagers huddled together in a frightened cluster of humanity. The purplish light from this sun now seemed to Amy to make everything look very sinister.
She noticed someone in charge wearing a fancy hat, pink, with a wide rim and a bow on the hat band. He sat on the grass with his back to a stump of a tree, watching. “An officer? Are they bandits? Look, there’s Wellfilling.” 
Paul was propped on his elbows using his binoculars, looking through a gap in the long grass. “Maybe, but they’re not dressed like the bandits we saw before. There are no young men or women from the village, and no children; they may have gotten away.”
Frank whispered, “I’d say they were slavers from the uniforms. I was told about those red jackets.”
She looked through the thin grass under a bush. A group of the slavers picked out an old man and started poking at him with their spears, making him run. They chased him to the edge of the ravine, cutting his skin with their spears, as he tried to push the spears away with his hands only to lacerate them on the spears. Blood was soaking his clothes. The man was shouting, begging, for mercy from the slavers, and shouting to the other villagers for help, but they were surrounded by other slavers carrying spears and swords. She could hear the slavers laughter and shouting as they tormented the man. Now they had trapped the old man on the edge of the ravine, he couldn’t move because of the tips of the spears against his chest. He pleaded for mercy. The one with the fancy hat continued to watch.
“What are they going to do to him?” Amy asked quietly, afraid of the answer. She didn’t have long to wait. One of the slavers thrust his spear into the chest of the old man. It must have gone in a couple of inches at least. The old man jerked back, and with arms wildly flailing, fell screaming into the ravine. “No!” She couldn’t stop the word coming out. Amy heard Frank’s smothered curse, and she felt Paul push her face down into the grass. 
“Quiet,” Paul whispered urgently.
She was glad not to be looking at the meadow any more, but the sweet smell of the grass was absurd in this situation. She could hear the slavers cheering, and the villagers crying and pleading. Paul let her go when he saw Amy’s teeth clenched, as she struggled to keep quiet. Amy whispered urgently, “We need to do something! Let’s fire a few shots and scare them off.”
Paul shook his head. “No. That only works if they’re scared of guns. These killers don’t even know what a gun is. There’s about thirty slavers, and fifty villagers. Master Rees warned me that sometimes there’s no option but shooting!”
Frank pointed into the meadow. “They’ve picked out a woman now. Either we stop this or we leave. I don’t want to just watch!”
Paul looked at Amy. “We’re going to have to shoot some of the slavers, and then they’ll be scared. There’s no other way. This is why it should be the military out here.”
“Maybe,” she answered firmly, “but we’re here now.”
Paul looked into the clearing. “We have to move soon if we’re going to stop more killing.”
“I’ll use the shotgun,” Frank told them, making the decision for all of them. Frank hadn’t wanted to take a sidearm because he didn’t know how to use one, and, he didn’t think he could shoot anyone. Paul had purchased two sidearms, one shotgun, and ammo in Italy and brought them through customs with the permit the Commander had obtained for him. He'd bought a shotgun as Frank knew next to nothing about guns. It seemed now that the shotgun was a good choice; accuracy wasn’t necessary.
Amy gave Paul a nod. They crawled backwards quietly. Amy was careful with her staff, she didn't want to hit the bushes and give their position away. 
Paul handed Amy a sidearm and a spare clip. “How good a shot can you be with this?”
Amy put her staff down to get her hands free, answering nervously, realizing she was nattering, “Very good. I’ve practiced with a Glock. I went to a pistol range regularly growing up. My Dad insisted. I won competitions. But I never carried a gun. How much ammo do we have?”
Paul lifted up his sidearm and his spare clip. “Two Glocks, four clips, 52 bullets, plus the shotgun with one box of shells, 25 in a box, not enough for a war.” Paul looked out to the meadow again. Seeming to have made a decision, he looked back at them. “Frank, how much did you use a shotgun?”
“I’ve hunted ducks with my Uncle, but that was only once. Never fired a sidearm.”
“OK, the shotgun is best for you. Sidearms and shotguns have a short range so we’ll have to sneak in close. Don’t forget that gravity is lighter here so the bullets won’t drop as much.”
Amy was puzzled, “Why sneak in? If we just walk in, they won’t do anything at first, and we’ll get close enough. Paul, can you just wound the man in the fancy hat?” 
“Sure. Why?” 
“We need to question someone about what is going on.” 
“Good thinking. I’ll go around the meadow to the far side. Frank you come in from near that big tree over there and go for the guards around the villagers sitting on the grass. Amy starts from here. Amy and I will go for the group killing the villagers. When I step out of the trees we all start.” Paul looked intently at Frank. “Can you shoot the slavers?” 
Their discussion was interrupted by a scream from the woman in the meadow that was suddenly silenced.
Frank was emphatic, “This vermin, yes.” 
“Amy? You OK with this?” Paul asked her, as he raised a questioning eyebrow. 
She nodded, now extremely nervous, shaking. “I hate bullies, and slavers are another type of bully...” She interrupted herself, she was nattering again, “Yes.” She’d shot her competition pistol hundreds, likely thousands of times, but this would be the first time she would shoot at a person. Not at them, she reminded herself, to kill them.
Paul told them quietly, his commanding tone getting their attention “Shoot for the center of the chest. Even if you don't kill them, you stop them.” 
Amy looked at him, “I can do that.” 
Paul ran off through the trees, Frank went the opposite way. Amy watched as the woman the slavers had dragged out of the cluster of villagers was cut and poked. The slavers laughed and shouted at the woman. Amy knew that she’d kill this ‘vermin’ too. “Hurry Paul!” she whispered as she watched the trees beyond the officer. While she waited her mind went back to a few months ago. If only she’d said no to going to Mexico, and had never met Simon. Like Neo, if she hadn’t taken the red pill! Her brain was spinning. Focus, she told herself, focus!
She tried not to watch as they selected another victim. After what seemed hours, she saw Paul step out of the trees. He headed for a spot directly between Fancy Hat and the torturers. Amy saw that he’d be able to shoot Fancy Hat and then start shooting the other slavers from the same spot. Smart. The slavers saw him now, and were shouting to the officer.
Amy started out of the trees. Seeing Amy enter the meadow, they hesitated. He who hesitates loses, she thought flippantly. Focus, she told herself, focus!
The slavers saw Frank coming into the clearing from behind them. The slavers were worried now, watching the three people walking towards them. Some of the slavers were pointing at what they were carrying in their hands. 
She was getting too close; Amy stopped. Some of the slavers started walking towards her. Keeping the sidearm pointed at the ground Amy grasped it in two hands, switched off the safety with her thumb, and spread her feet apart in the stance she’d been taught. Amy went through Stef’s coaching; aim for the chest, the biggest target, and fire two shots. Amy decided on one shot; they couldn’t fire back. She didn't have a lot of ammo!
Amy heard some of the villagers shouting for them to run away. The shouting seemed remote, far away, she was in her zone, clear of distractions, but also aware of personal revenge, partial repayment for past pain.
Amy recognized the sound of Paul’s sidearm, and out of the corner of her eye she saw Fancy Hat go down grasping his leg. The loud crack of the sidearm had caused everyone to look at Paul. Amy aimed at the chest of the closest bandit, and fired. He crumpled. The other bandits just looked at him on the ground, not knowing what had happened. Amy treated them like targets, firing at a slow, steady pace. She kept shooting until the sidearm just clicked. She pulled out the empty clip, put it in her pocket, grabbed the full clip, pushed it in, and raised the sidearm again.
Paul was shouting something at her. She stopped. “It’s OK Amy. It’s OK. Stop shooting Amy, they’re surrendering.” Amy saw a trail of dead and wounded bandits, mostly dead, leading from her feet towards the ravine. Paul was looking at the ones she’d shot. Some of them were shot in the back. 
Paul asked, “What was that about?” 
“Justice!” Amy answered, knowing he wouldn’t understand. “Something in my past I don’t want to talk about now. And yes, I shouldn’t have shot them in the back, they’re people too. I’ll do better next time.” She looked around. The surviving slavers were backed up against the ravine, spears on the ground and their hands in the air. Empty hands, it appears, was universal sign of surrender. The villagers had the spears now and were showing that they were willing to use them. With Frank helping, they were moving the remaining slavers towards the group by the ravine. 
Paul took the sidearm out of her hand. Paul ejected the clip, and seeing it full, pushed it back in. “13 shots, and 13 bandits dead or wounded. When you said very good I thought you might be able to hit a few and scare the rest. I don’t think my instructors could do better.” Paul handed the sidearm back to Amy. “Hold on to this in case they try anything.” He didn’t say anything about the ones she’d shot in the back. “If you have to shoot, shoot, but we do give slavers a chance to surrender. Stay aware of everything around you. That spear in the ground behind you was close enough that I was expecting a scratch on your face, but I don’t think you were even aware of it.”
Amy looked behind her; she was looking straight down the shaft of the spear which meant it went really close to her head. Amy couldn’t answer, she just nodded, and Paul squeezed her arm and led her towards the villagers, saying, “My first time too, but at least I have some training to rely on.” 
Firstscout was organizing the villagers guarding the disarmed slavers. Some villagers watched the wounded slavers, and others tried to bind up the villager’s wounds with strips torn from the clothing of the dead. Amy thought that without a hospital, which didn’t exist here, most of the wounded slavers and villagers wouldn’t survive, and she became angry again. “Let’s find out what’s going on.” She went across the meadow to Fancy Hat. 
They'd bandaged Fancy Hat’s leg with strips of his own shirt. Blood stained the bandage, and leaked down his leg from the front and rear of his thigh, the bullet must have passed right through. There were three of the older men standing around the officer. Amy nodded to one she knew by sight. 
“Amy Elizabeth La Reine, I am Brightfinish of Ravinesedge. We were never introduced, but I know that you were kind and polite. Thank you for saving us.”
“Thank you Brightfinish of Ravinesedge. You always had a cheerful wave for us. However, I’m sure these people don’t think I’m kind and polite. In fact I’m angry that they forced me to kill people.” Amy looked down at Fancy Hat. He was young, perhaps the same age as Amy. Fancy Hat looked up into her eyes. Apparently not liking what he saw, his eyes drifted down to Amy’s hand holding her sidearm, and then to the ground.
One of the other men asked, “What do you intend to do to this slaver?” 
So, they are slavers! Amy saw that the questioner’s clothes, although similar to the villagers, were a better cut and material. Amy responded to the questioner with a determined tone, “We’re going to find out what their plans are. We haven’t been introduced. Who are you? You’re not from the village?”
Brightfinish introduced him, “This is the Holy One of Great Island One. We were all in the Temple getting ready for a celebration when they attacked us.”
Paul asked them, “What happened in the attack?”
Brightfinish answered for the villagers, “They were trying not to kill anyone then, but they separated us from the rest. The young men and women, and the children, were still at the Temple under guard when they brought us here. They’ll take them to their planet. We can’t stop them.”
Amy whispered, surprising herself with the fierceness in her voice, “Yes we can!”
Paul squatted down at the feet of Fancy Hat and looked at his face. “Is that true?” 
Fancy Hat just looked down at his hands. “I am the officer in charge. If I answer your questions the Evil One will know it and have me killed. My family will pay a ransom if I live.” 
Paul looked up at Amy and shrugged. “We’re too far from the village for the other slavers to have heard the gunfire, so they shouldn’t know what happened, yet!”
Amy looked at Paul. She believed that they should rescue the other villagers, but they needed more information. Especially how many other slavers there were, and when they would start missing this group.
Amy saw that this officer was in shock from the wound. Maybe if they scared him enough he might talk. Amy, making sure the officer was not looking, nodded to Paul and Frank, putting her finger across her lips. 
Putting on a blank expression, Amy turned back to the officer, stating, “There are worse things than dying!” The officer heard but chose to ignore her. “Paul, I want you to prepare a fire for this officer.” The officer’s head jerked up, not knowing what was going on. “Get some of the husbands, wives, fathers, and mothers of those they killed to help you. I want to know this officer’s name, the name of his commander in the village, how many slavers there are, how they are armed, when they plan to leave the village, and anything else you need to know.” The officer’s lips were tight together; he was determined not to answer questions. “I want you to stake him out in the meadow and put one of his feet in the fire until he talks.” The officer looked even whiter than before. “If he doesn’t talk, burn his other foot off.” The officer looked at Amy in disbelief.
The Holy One pushed forward with a horrified look on his face. Paul restrained him, but he was shouting, “Amy Elizabeth La Reine, you can’t do this. It’s against the laws of the One Who Tests. It’s barbaric!”
Amy saw an opportunity to play this for the benefit of the slaver. Paul understood what was happening, and was keeping a poker face. “Holy One of Great Island One, we are not from this planet and these slavers are our prisoners. We will deal with them under our laws.” 
Amy addressed Paul loudly so the officer would hear everything, “Paul, if he still doesn’t talk, then burn off one hand at a time.” At this, the officer puked on the grass. No one moved to help him; they all were frozen in place, shocked at what she was saying.
“If he isn’t going to talk then I want you to castrate him and cut out both eyes. He will have to live the rest of his life begging for food from these people. Line up the prisoners so they can watch this. I’m sure the next one will talk even if this officer is going to be a hero. Holy One, you shouldn’t watch this. Come with me.” Amy started to walk away. Paul released the Holy One, who stumbled after her.
The Holy One was upset and breathing heavily, trying to keep up with Amy who was walking quickly away from the officer. “You must not do this! It’s against all the laws of the One Who Tests.” The Holy One continued to beg for the officer as they walked across the meadow.
Amy was silent until they were far enough away that the officer couldn’t hear. She stopped and answered quietly so the other prisoners couldn’t hear, “Holy One, our God also wouldn’t have us torture people. But there is no law against a bluff.”
“A bluff?”
“Yes, a bluff. We haven’t tortured people in that way for hundreds of years.”
The Holy One didn’t look very reassured, asking incredulously, “So you never intended to burn off his feet?”
“No, but you helped him believe that we would.” Amy turned around to look back to where Paul was questioning the officer. “He’s talking to Paul. We’ll get the answers we need.”
The Holy One finally understood that there would be no torturing of the prisoners. “Merciful One Who Tests, what you said will give me nightmares for a year. How did you think of that?”
“It was from a ‘movie’,” Amy used the English word, “like a play, something we watch, a form of entertainment.”
“Entertainment! How can that be entertainment?!” the Holy One protested.
“A play, based on our history, except its pictures on a wall. It was a story about warriors who fight with two swords.”
The Holy One shook his head, and shuddered. He kept looking at her and back to the officer as they walked across the meadow to where the villagers were gathered. “What now?” he asked.

Chapter 21 – Rescue the Innocent

Amy stopped in front of the villagers sitting on the grass, and raising her voice announced, “We’re going to get back your families and neighbors, and put a stop to this. My name is Amy Elizabeth La Reine. You know me; we have stayed with you and were tutored by Wellfilling of Ravinesedge. This time we brought weapons from our planet. As you can see, they are very effective against slavers. We need somewhere to lock up these prisoners. Any suggestions?”
There was some discussion in the group. Firstscout called out from where they were guarding the slavers, “There’s an old stone barn on the way to the village, and it has a storage pit under it. We can put them in there. If we pile stones on the trap door, they won’t be able to get out.”
One of the women stood up. “I’m Colorglass of Ravinesedge. What do you intend to do?” In the circumstances, no one said anything about her lack of politeness.
Amy looked around the group, looking each one in the eye. “Together, we are going to rescue the young men and women, and the children.”
Colorglass was still standing, so she spoke for the rest, “But we are just old women and men. Even with your weapons, what can we do?” Colorglass collapsed on the grass crying.
Amy knew they’d been through a lot, but she needed them. “If you saw a child slipping into a river, who wouldn’t risk their own life to save the child? This is no different. Paul Augustine Fortezza is coming now. Once we have his information we will decide what to do.” Amy waved for Frank to come from where he was guarding the prisoners, and he joined her as she walked to where Paul was. Amy wanted a quick discussion out of earshot of the older men and women. The Holy One followed her to where they met in the middle of the meadow. 
“Amy,” Paul said in Galactic as the Holy One was listening, “he talked. If you hadn’t given me the signal, I’d be puking on the grass too. Remind me not to play poker with you. There’s another forty of them, all men, like this group! We’re not prepared for this Amy!”
Amy ignored Paul’s last comment. “I’ve got 13 bullets left, a full clip. Paul, how many do you have?”
“I’ve got three in this clip, and a full clip, that’s 16. How about you Frank?”
Frank checked his shotgun and his pockets, “Ten shells left, five in the shotgun, five in my pocket.”
Amy added that up. “That’s 39, it should be enough!”
Paul laughed, “Well I miss sometimes, and they’re going to be throwing spears at us. It’s not going to be that easy. They’ve already left the village with the young men and women, and they locked the children in the Temple. These slavers were to pick up the children after they killed the old men and women, including you, Holy One.” 
“Then we can save the children at least,” whispered the Holy One of Great Island One.
“That’s not good enough!” hissed Amy. “Slavery is wrong! 620,000 died in a Civil War in my country to bring an end to slavery.”
Frank added, speaking to the Holy One, “Canada, my nation on Earth, abolished slavery early in its history, and hid and protected escaped slaves in later years.”
Paul, not to be outdone, added, “Giuseppe Garibaldi, the military leader in the unification of Italy, my nation on Earth, was opposed to slavery on principle, as is Italy.” Paul paused, then with a weak grin added, “OK, we’re all opposed to slavery, but we can’t go in guns blazing; people will get hurt.”
Amy was satisfied. “Paul, tell us what else the officer told you, and give us a plan that gives us the best chance of success.”
Paul called over Firstscout, and then gave the group all of the information he’d obtained from the officer. They discussed how to rescue the villagers, relying mostly on Paul’s military training for options, and Firstscout for the abilities of the villagers, before Paul put forward the option that he thought had the best chance of success. 
Amy led the group back to the villagers who'd been watching them intently. Amy spoke, restraining her anger, “The slavers have left the village, leaving the children there, but if we don’t act now your grown sons, daughters, and friends, will be lost forever. We will not force anyone to help us, and those that help us may die. The wounded and those that decide not to volunteer will guard the prisoners, and rescue the children from the Temple.” Amy saw many nods at that. She thought that most of the able bodied villagers would come with them.
“This is the plan: From the officer we questioned, we learned that the slavers march in a column with ten men and an officer at the front, and ten men at the rear. Another twenty slavers are spread out, ten on each side of the column, to guard the prisoners who are tied to a long rope. Paul, Frank, and I, will attack the front group of slavers, surprising them as we did here in this meadow, killing or wounding them all.” That got a few murmurs of support; the villagers had seen, first hand, the effect of the weapons they used on the slavers. 
Amy continued, “In the shock of that attack by the three of us, those of you who volunteer will attack the guards from one side of the column; this means that you’ll outnumber the guards on your side of the road, three to one. You will cut the ropes, and help your family members to escape into the forest. The three of us will come down the road and attack the rear group giving you all time to get away.” Seeing no immediate opposition, she decided to get things moving before people could think too much. “Holy One of Great Island One, would you please give us a blessing?”
The Holy One was startled at the request, but then nodded. He stood to one side of Amy and with everyone’s heads bowed spoke a singsong chant that she had difficulty following. It seemed to her that the One Who Tests, blessing, and protection were mentioned a number of times, so it should be good enough. The Holy One stopped, lowered his arms, turned, and gave a short bow to Amy. 
Paul took over. “OK, we need people as scouts, able to run to the forest road and back to us. We need four volunteers?” There was some looking around, and three women and one man stood up. One of the women had a bloody bandage on her arm, but Amy didn’t think that would slow her down. 
Paul gave them instructions. “I want you to follow the slavers without being seen, and send a runner back down the road at intervals to tell us where they are. Go!” The four hugged husbands, wife, and friends, and then headed off across the meadow at a pace they should be able to maintain for hours. 
Continuing Paul instructed, “Those not volunteering for the attack in the forest are to help the wounded, get the prisoners in that barn, and rescue the children who are locked up in the Temple. The Holy One of Great Island One will lead that group” Some people picked up spears and shields and moved off towards the prisoners, while others helped the wounded to get up. The Holy One led less than half the villagers across the meadow with the prisoners and the wounded towards the barn. 
Firstscout took off running with a group of four volunteers to gather weapons from the village. They would catch up to them on the road. The rest of the villagers, about twenty five volunteers, followed them across the meadow in the direction the scouts had taken.
Paul looked at Amy, quietly asking, “And what happens when we run out of ammo?”
Amy looked bleakly at Paul and Frank, “We run away like everyone else.” 
* * *
They were in position. The villagers were in groups, spaced out, ready to attack each guard on their side. A couple of the older men were still strong enough to use bows; they would stay on the side of the fight and try to pick off some of the slavers. After attacking the lead group, Frank and Paul would go down the far side and take care of the other guards. Frank would need the open space working with a shotgun. Amy would work her way down the near side helping the villagers. Paul thought that Amy’s accuracy with a sidearm should prevent any friendly fire problems.
The last few hours seemed to have both raced by, and taken forever! Amy had time to think while they waited for the slavers, and the line of bodies in the meadow kept flashing in front of her eyes. Amy knew she’d have nightmares about that. 
They watched the slavers come into the ambush. Finally, the lead contingent was close enough. Paul walked to the far side, Frank walked to the middle, and then it was Amy’s turn; she walked out to the nearside edge of the road. They were in position, ready to move down both sides of the road towards the rear contingent. Slavers in the lead contingent laughed and hefted their spears. Amy could guess they were thinking that here were new slaves, a bonus.
Amy grasped the sidearm with two hands, slid off the safety and assumed the stance she’d been taught. Only eleven shots, she thought, I’ll have to count them this time. They had agreed to wait until the slavers were as close as possible to lessen their chances of missing. She saw that the lead slaver would soon be able to reach her with his spear. Close enough. The sidearm came up; the slaver was looking at it. The sharp crack of the sidearm staggered Amy as it broke the silence, he was down. One. Amy heard Paul’s sidearm fire and the boom of Frank’s shotgun. It was time to focus on those in front of her.
A slaver with his mouth open in surprise. Two.
A slaver ready to throw his spear, down, twitching. Three.
A slaver running towards her with a spear and shield, she missed. Four. Fired again, through the shield, the slaver was down, holding his belly, screaming. Five. 
All of the lead group were down, dead or wounded, out of the fight. Frank was so close that he must have hit two or three with each shot. The villagers were out of the forest attacking the guards on their side of the road. The villagers outnumbered the guards. Villagers tried to get behind each guard, getting in a thrust in the back or the legs, but the guards from the other side of the road were now trying to get through the line of tied villagers. 
The first three guards were down, but one of the guards had forced his way through from the other side. A young man, she saw it was Firstlight, with his hands still bound, was struggling with the slaver, trying to hold the spear way from an older woman on the ground. Amy ran up and put the sidearm to the side of the slaver’s head and pulled the trigger. The head exploded in blood and brains. Nasty! Six.
Another guard was through. She heard the sounds of Paul’s sidearm and Frank’s shotgun. Just before she shot him, another slaver went down, an arrow through his throat. Good! Amy thought, saved me a bullet.
Amy cursed as she hit a slavers shoulder. But he went down. The villagers would finish him off. Seven! I’m getting excited, Amy thought. Must calm down! Can’t miss! 
The villagers had most of the prisoners loose now, their bonds cut, urging them to run into the forest. Three guards had moved together and were holding off the villagers. Amy heard the boom of Frank’s shotgun and the crack of Paul’s pistol, realizing she’d been too focused to know how many times they'd fired. Firstscout was trying to organize the villagers into a circle around the three guards. Amy joined the circle around the guards. 
Someone bumped her as she fired. Missed! Eight. Try again. Clean shot to the chest, just where she had been told. Instantly down. Better! Nine! 
Next. Dropped like a rock, must be dead. Ten! The villagers took care of the other guard, two spears thrust into his back. 
Have to stay up to Paul and Frank, Amy realized, starting to run. Suddenly she found she was at the end of the line. Frank moved over to join her, and Paul stopped in the middle of the road. The officer was urging the slavers in the rear contingent forward; they were scared by what they’d seen but were forming a line across the road, shields up. There were more than eleven; Amy realized that some of the slavers guarding the prisoners must have run back here. She thought that seeing other men fall down dead, as if from magic, would probably scare anyone into running.
“Surrender! You’ll not be killed,” she shouted. After what she did in the meadow Amy was determined not to kill anyone who would surrender. Behind her the villagers were cutting the last of the prisoners free.
Two of the slavers ran out towards her with swords raised, one shouting, “We don’t surrender to whores.” Eleven! The body skidded through the dust to lay dead at her feet. Teach him to call her a whore! She felt a little guilty about the satisfaction that gave her.
She shot the slaver following him. Twelve! Down in the dust. 
Another! Down in the dust too, badly wounded, moaning. Thirteen! She was out of bullets. Amy heard Paul fire twice and Frank once. There were bodies in front of them too, some of them groaning and crying. But that was the end of slavers who wanted to attack them, the rest looked frightened.
“I’m out,” Amy said in English. “Me too,” answered Frank. “One bullet left. Next time we bring more ammo,” said Paul.
Changing back to Galactic, she shouted, “Surrender, no more need to die!”
The officer pushed his way to the front. He carried a gold plated spear and wore a gold breastplate on the front of his tunic. “We serve the Slave Planets and were given this task by the Evil One. We don’t surrender to whores! Kill her.”
Amy made a mental note to find out more about the Slave Planets and the Evil One later. Pointing, she quietly said, “Paul, kill him.” 
Paul raised his sidearm and shot. The hole in the fancy breastplate was impressive. The officer’s shock was frozen on his dead face. There was a lot of whispering by the slavers. 
Amy shouted, “Who’s in charge now? Step forward.” They were out of bullets, but she felt she could negotiate an end to this.
There was some shuffling then one of the slavers was pushed forward by the rest. 
She pretended to be calm, casually putting a foot on the body of number eleven in front of her, and leaning forward, asked, “Tell me who’s in charge after you, so when we kill you for not surrendering we will know who’s next.”
The slaver was sweating, and looked like he was going to faint.
Amy lifted her sidearm and aimed at the center of his chest. Trying to sound bored she demanded, “Do you surrender?” The slaver knew what the sidearm could do. She was out of ammo and ready to yell ‘run’, but he didn’t know that. 
The slaver in a shaking voice answered, “Yes, but you have to promise us our lives, to protect us. We surrender to you, not the villagers.”
Amy nodded. At last someone with some sense. “Agreed! Put your shields and weapons on the ground, and then help anyone who is wounded.” They moved off to one side to let the slavers pass, keeping their empty guns pointed at them. Some of the villagers on seeing the slavers surrender moved in to pick up the spears, swords and knives. 
She heard Frank mumble to Paul. “You’re right. I’m not playing poker with her!” In spite of the situation, she laughed. Some of the villagers backed away from her.
Amy saw the Holy One and some villagers coming down the road with carts. Good! She relaxed for what seemed to be the first time in a long day, putting the empty sidearm back in her holster. She hadn’t thought about help for the wounded, she should have. Next time. Let’s hope there isn’t a next time! As the villagers had everything under control, she moved down the road to meet the carts. 
The Holy One smiled sadly, “Amy Elizabeth La Reine, I see we won.”
“Yes, Holy One of Great Island One, but we had a few casualties.”
“And so did they!” said the Holy One in a horrified voice, looking at the bodies in the road where the rear contingent surrendered, and the line of slaver bodies leading to the pile of bodies that marked where she, Paul and Frank had slaughtered the lead contingent. 
“Well, they started it!” retorted Amy, but then her body betrayed her and she ran behind a bush to puke. 
* * *
Fortunately, someone asked Amy’s permission before slitting the throats of the wounded slavers. “And they think we’re barbaric!” she’d shouted. Now she knew why the slavers wanted to surrender to them, and not the villagers. Amy stayed close to the prisoners. 
The young men and women loaded the dead villagers, the wounded villagers and prisoners into the carts. The dead slavers had been dragged into the forest for nature to do its work. There had been happy reunions with the living, and wailing and tears over the dead and wounded villagers. They walked back to the village behind the carts. Amy discovered she was both physically and emotionally exhausted. The carts went straight to the Temple, where the wounded villagers and slavers were separated to opposite sides of the main Temple room, joining the wounded and prisoners already there. The villagers then took the dead bodies away somewhere; Amy was too tired to ask.
Amy didn’t think that the wounded slavers were going to run away, but she was responsible for them, so she chose a spot on the floor near the Temple entrance and the prisoners. Paul and Frank joined her. They looked as tired as she felt.
Firstscout brought them some water and bread. Amy asked him to send someone to get their packs and staffs and bring them to the village. She watched Firstscout go into the square and pick out six teens from the crowd. She was worrying about how wise it was to send teens outside of the village right now, to a meadow covered with bodies. Each of the teens grabbed a spear, and Amy sadly realized that after today she wouldn’t feel young or innocent again, and neither would they. 
* * *
As the Holy One of Great Island One waited for his ceremonial robes, which he hoped the slavers hadn’t found, he watched Amy Elizabeth La Reine and her friends sitting apart, near the prisoners. When he'd heard the stories about the three strangers led by a female carrying a Master Wayfarer’s staff coming to Ravinesedge, he'd arranged to be here at the time they had said they would return. For once something interesting on this planet; instead of a quiet few days, he'd been taken by slavers and if these three hadn’t arrived today, he’d be dead. 
He said a quick prayer of thanks to the One Who Tests for his rescue! 
He wondered again if they were the three from the prophesy; which said that ‘she shall lead and care for all, a wizard shall advise and guide them, a soldier shall protect and serve them’. They were strange people. Savage in battle, showing no mercy or restraint, causing death so quickly that the enemy had no time to surrender, and now defending and caring for the wounded enemy. Amy Elizabeth La Reine expressed her disagreement, when he’d told her that as the slavers served the Evil One, the wounded were always killed. She told him that their God instructs them to love their enemy. Coming from someone who had just mercilessly killed many of the slavers it was a strange statement, her God and the One Who Tests could not be the same.
No matter. These three strangers and their weapons were dangerous. The Temple Guild would follow and watch them. He needed to find a way to get them to come to his Temple in Northcentral where he could find out more about them. 
* * *
Amy watched Firstlight deliver some bags to the Holy One. They both went to a room at the rear of the Temple. The Holy One came out a few minutes later wearing a reflective robe over the top of his clothing. It shimmered in the evening light, more than silk did, like a flexible mirror. It seemed to be purple, but it reflected every color around, so it was hard to tell. The villagers cleared away some benches in front of the platform, a raised area at the back of the Temple, and sat on benches set in a semi-circle around the open space. Four of the villagers carried one of the wounded women to the open area on the stretcher-like bed she’d been placed on. They carefully positioned her so that her head was towards the back of the Temple.
Keeping close to the wall, Amy moved quietly up one side of the Temple so that she could see better. Once near the platform, she could see that the woman on the stretcher was placed so that her head was exactly over a yellow stone, smaller than a pillar, in the center of a mural which had three yellow rays and eight larger and longer red rays coming out of a sun. It was similar to the mural in Mexico. 
The Holy One knelt down above the head of the woman, put his hands on her head, and started a singsong chant that sounded similar to the blessing in the meadow. Some of the words sounded like Galactic, but so few that she couldn’t make sense of it. It was a two-part blessing or prayer, with the villagers responding to the Holy One after each line. Amy wasn’t sure at first, but there was a glow coming out of the palms of the Holy One. Then the chant stopped and the Holy One stood up. This was the signal for the end of the ceremony. 
The four villagers took the woman back to where the other wounded villagers were lying. They brought another wounded woman and carefully placed her in the exact same position on the mural. Again, the Holy One knelt down and put his hands on her head. Amy moved along the wall to see the Holy One’s hands from a different angle. The glow was definitely there. This ceremony was completed for every one of the wounded villagers. The only change was for the walking wounded; they came to the mural on their own, laid down on the hard floor without a stretcher, carefully placing their head on the yellow stone. 
Once the ceremony was over, the villagers left the Temple assisting their wounded to walk, or carrying them on stretchers. Amy approached the Holy One as soon as he was free. “Holy One of Great Island One, what was that ceremony?”
“Amy Elizabeth La Reine, it was a blessing for healing, one of the oldest ceremonies we know.”
“Holy One, I saw your hands glow each time you performed the ceremony. What was that?”
The Holy One was startled, “Glow? You must be mistaken. Ask any of the villagers or the wounded if they saw a glow, I’m sure they will say no.”
Amy was puzzled by the Holy One’s denial, but decided not to pursue that question, as she had a more important question. “Why was the ceremony not performed on the wounded prisoners?”
The Holy One was now shocked. “Amy Elizabeth La Reine, this is a holy blessing. It is not for those in the service of an Evil One!”
“Simon, the man you knew as Hillseeker of Bayside City, taught us that this society is governed by a number of principles, and you apply those principles to your service of the One Who Tests. Let me try to quote the first principle to you. A guild, planet, community, or person shall serve the good of the One Who Tests, the good of the galaxy, the good of the planet, the good of the community, and the good of others. Is that not correct?”
The Holy One was pleased at the quotation. “Yes Amy Elizabeth La Reine, you have said it correctly, but how does it apply here?” 
Amy wasn’t sure how to express her feelings, but she tried. “If the prisoners are not members of this community, then they must be ‘others’. Why do you not serve the ‘good of others’? Don’t they belong to the One Who Tests as well? On our planet we are taught to love our enemies.”
The Holy One was silent for a time; she’d used that phrase about loving your enemies again. “Amy Elizabeth La Reine, I understand what you are saying, but it is not our way. I will think on this, but it will not be changed today. Please care for the wounded prisoners the best that you and your companions can. In that way you can serve the One Who Tests.”
Amy asked Paul and Frank about the glow but they hadn’t seen it. They didn’t believe Amy, and that annoyed her. Before she could say anything more she saw the youths return with their backpacks and staffs. There was a small first aid kit in Frank’s bag. It was going to be a long night. 
* * *
The three strangers were busy, trying to fix a slavers shoulder wound. A group of the slavers cautiously huddled together, trying not to attract the attention of the villagers guarding them. A slaver, older than the others, whispered, “All of the officers are dead now. The villagers say that the strangers could be the three, the Council of Three that was prophesized. Remember we’re their prisoners, not the villagers. The young woman stopped them killing the wounded and argued with the Holy One that he should heal us.” He paused while someone walked past them. 
“They've talked about our punishment. The three strangers want us to work for the villagers to compensate them for their losses and be freed after that. They’re still discussing how long.” He paused; they’d all expected to be executed, a sword thrust through the neck. “This is our chance to get our freedom.”
Another slaver whispered, “What about our families? I can't abandon my wife and children?”
“Once we are free, then we will ask the strangers for assistance in rescuing our families back on Strongharvest One. Pass it on, see what the others think.” 
* * *
Amy pulled the blanket over the slaver’s head. He was too young to die. There were three blanket-covered bodies now, including the officer from the meadow, he’d lost too much blood, and there would be more slaver deaths tonight. Amy leaned back on a column and slid down to the floor, exhausted. Paul and Frank joined her, sitting quietly on each side of her. 
Around them slavers were caring for their own, talking and whispering in Galactic, watched closely by armed villagers. 
Amy suddenly felt alone, sitting on a stone floor, on a strange planet, surrounded by people talking in a language she wasn’t used to. It overwhelmed her, and tears started to run down her cheeks. She hoped her weakness was unseen in the dimness of the candle-lit Temple. 
* * *
Earth time, four am, but an hour after sunrise in Ravinesedge. The sun was already hot and Amy was glad she was in the shade. The village square was empty; news of the slaver raid had spread and there were no merchants this morning. The villagers lined up the prisoners in the square, the wounded on stretchers. The prisoners with serious wounds had died during the night. As there were no antibiotics in the first aid kit, more would likely die from infections. That, it seemed, was the common result of a serious injury here, unless a person could be healed at a Temple. Frank and Paul had started a list of first aid supplies for their next trip. If any of them were injured out here, the results could be bad. 
None of the seriously injured villagers had died and some of the villagers’ wounds had already closed up. Amy definitely wanted to know more about that healing ceremony! 
Amy was told that there were ten dead villagers, three of them from the ambush on the road. They’d killed about thirty-five slavers on the forest road, no one had stopped to count the bodies, and the surviving twenty-five slavers were now waiting to hear their fate. Three of the twenty-two that Amy had shot had survived, meaning that she killed, no, slaughtered, nineteen men, not something Amy wanted to think about too much. So much for learning how to use a staff to defend themselves; no, it was guns blasting all the way! They’d been too naive about this whole adventure.
After some advice from the Holy One, Amy, Frank, and Paul made a decision on the fate of the prisoners. The Holy One was announcing it. The slavers would serve as unpaid servants to the families in the village for 512 days, a holy number, and then they would be set free with enough money to be able to travel home if they wished. Each prisoner would have their hands dyed red every Temple Day to mark their status during the 512 days, and to alert guards at the Transit Stations should they try to escape. They would get Temple Day off, the week was eight days long in the Isolated Planets, but they would be required to attend Temple services. Amy felt that this sentence was fitting and hoped it would re-educate them to a free life as a few of them had been born on the Slave Planets. Most of the surviving slavers were conscripts; young men taken in raids like the one on Ravinesedge, who didn’t know where their families were, or even if they were alive. Amy hoped that most of the prisoners wouldn’t return to the Slave Planets. 
Immediately after the Holy One finished, the slavers turned as a group and bowed to the three of them. Amy could see that the Holy One was surprised, but was pretending that he didn’t see it.  Why did the slavers do that? 
* * *
Amy, Paul and Frank had agreed to travel with the Holy One to his Temple in Northcentral, the largest city on Great Island One. Amy was looking forward to this, as they’d only had a glimpse of the city last time. The trip was uneventful and cheap. It seemed that the Holy One and his guests didn’t need to pay tolls. Paul pointed out the alertness of the guards at the Transit Stations, suggesting that news of the slavers’ raid had spread.
On arriving at Northcentral, the Holy One took them across the square to the Temple, and through it to their quarters in another building. People stared at them, and pointed at their clothing and backpacks as they crossed the square and walked through the buildings. Amy thought that the people may be polite when they talked, but it didn’t seem to exclude pointing. 
The Holy One excused himself after introducing their tutor, Planetsong of Northcentral, saying that he would sort out their schedule later, and asking Planetsong to guide them to his office following lunch.
Amy was roomed in a ‘women only’ area. It seemed that they didn't mix the sexes in the Temple dormitories, which was strange as they had few taboos on nudity, with naked men and women casually mixing to bathe at fountains, in streams or rivers, which had caused her to blush a few times in Ravinesedge. Her room was a small but private, with a bed a little wider than a single, with sheets, blankets, and a pillow, although she’d use her own pillow, a dresser, a shelf for storage, a bolt on the door, and a good sized window with no glass, but locking shutters. The shared women’s washing area and toilets, the same hole in the floor arrangement, was a short way down the corridor. The window overlooked the city and Amy took a few minutes to lean on the window ledge and enjoy the view. Amy knew she’d enjoy the privacy for the two nights left. 
* * *
Later that evening, sitting in his office, the Holy One was writing a message to the Most Holy One, his superior, “…and that concludes what I heard and observed at Ravinesedge regarding these strangers. They are people who appear to serve the purpose of the One Who Tests, but we continue to watch them. When brought the possessions of the slavers, they examined them, requested that personal possessions connecting slavers to their families be returned, and that the rest be sold to assist the villagers to rebuild. This has been done. There are four things, in closing. First, Sandspour of Oupavok One was only in the village on that first day when the Evil One and the bandits appeared, but he seems to have given the three strangers some instructions. None of them would tell me what he had said to them. He introduced himself to the three strangers as Sandspour of Oupavok One, but no one in the village remembers him under this name, in fact they have a hard time remembering him at all, and only came up with fragments of information after being carefully questioned. Amy Elizabeth La Reine was the only one who could remember his full name and give a description of him. As you know, the red hair and beard are significant. Oupavok is not a sun or planet, but is the ancient word for heaven: something known only to senior members of the Temple Guild. From this we must suspect that Sandspour is a servant of the One Who Tests, perhaps one of the angel kind. Second, Amy Elizabeth La Reine was able to see the holy aura on my hands during the healing ceremony. Only those who are consecrated members of our Guild should be able to see the holy aura. These three strangers could be the ones in the prophesy, and I have instructed the members of our Guild here to follow the protocols handed down to us on the role of the Temple Guild with candidates for a Council of Three, and ensure that no guidance is given, and only the questions they ask are answered. Third, when I told Amy Elizabeth La Reine that the healing ceremony was not for the wounded slavers, she said, “If the prisoners are not members of this community, then they must be ‘others’. Why do you not serve the ‘good of others’? Don’t they belong to the One Who Tests as well?” Until that moment I had forgotten our similar arguments on this subject. Fourth, on hearing of the sentence set by the strangers, the slavers as a group bowed to them. The three strangers didn’t know of the significance of this pledge and…” 

Chapter 22 – Temple at Northcentral

A gong woke her up. Amy wasn’t sure where she was. They’d all gone to bed before the sun went down and to catch up on the night’s sleep they’d lost.  Turning her head on her pillow, she recognized the small Temple room she’d been assigned. She briefly remembered a dream about a yellow dome, but that was almost a nightly occurrence now. Getting up carefully, putting the staff to one side first, she put her slippers on, grabbed her makeup bag, and carrying Simon’s staff, she followed the other women and girls to the washing area and toilets. There were basins on a bench, chunks of what might be soap, and rags on the shelf for towels, but Amy had brought her own soap and towels. A few of the women were openly staring at what Amy was doing, but Amy was trying not to look at anyone below the neck. There was a lot of naked female flesh around her, and she was probably the only one uncomfortable about it.
There were no mirrors, so she had to make do with her small make-up mirror; something to put on her list to bring next time. Every time she brought something out of her bag there was excited whispering. Her electric toothbrush and the foam coming from her mouth had a number of them backing up. Amy decided that she’d leave shaving her legs for another day!
The second set of gongs sounded, causing a rush back to everyone’s rooms to dress.  Amy hurried to put her toiletries back in her room and get dressed. She left her backpack on the bed, packed and ready to go, as Paul had requested. Paul wanted them to be able to leave quickly if there were any issues. Taking Simon’s staff and a notebook and pen, she followed the women to a dining hall. Amy saw that men and women sat at separate tables after picking up their food. There was something in wooden bowls on the food tables that looked like cold porridge but probably wasn’t, as well as platters of fruit, bread, cheese and sliced meats. Most people chose a little of each.
Amy wanted to sit with Paul and Frank, so she waited. Many of the people eating stared at her as she stood waiting. Finally Paul and Frank came out of a corridor on the other side of the dining hall, carrying their staffs as well. Amy walked over to them, “Morning guys. They separate the men and women here, but I want to sit with you.”
Paul smiled and nodded, “Same here. We could just get our food and take it to a courtyard we passed on the way here. That way we won’t upset anyone.” Frank pointed back down the corridor.
Amy smiled in relief. “Cool! Let’s do that!”
Frank commented on the courtyard as they ate, “It's like the stonework in Oxford, England. I was visiting a friend. Her college building was 500 years old. The stonework with the squared projections around the tops of the doorways and windows looks remarkably the same.” They decided to eat all their meals in that courtyard over the next two days, wanting to stay together. 
She could tell that Planetsong was irritated to have to find them in the courtyard after breakfast. They followed him to the classroom they were to use for the tutoring suggested by the Holy One yesterday afternoon. Amy felt it would be good to finally learn more about the Isolated Planets; what Simon had told them left them with more questions than answers.
* * *
Amy led them away from the Temple to a small square with a fountain in the center. They sat on the edge of the fountain looking at the buildings and people around them. The white stucco buildings and blue paint on the doors and window frames reminded Amy of pictures of Greece. Here many of the windows had glass in them, not the flat type from Earth, but glass with ripples and a frosted surface.
The three of them were in their camo gear, which was getting them a lot of attention, and carrying their staffs. People were stopping to stare at them. Many whispered to each other, and some even talked about them out loud. “Well people,” stated Amy, “we’re not going to be able to sneak around in these clothes!”
“No we’re not,” Paul agreed, squinting back down the street, added, “and we’re being followed.” Amy saw a young man wearing Temple acolyte robes, who quickly moved towards a pottery stall.
Amy didn’t care, “Well it doesn’t stop us taking a look around. Which way should we go?”
“It’ll be dark soon,” Frank answered, “so we can’t go too far. Planetsong said the city is built over a number of hills, with the Temple hill being the highest. I suggest we go in a circle around this hill and head back to the Temple at sunset. Remember, there are no street lights.”
After a while, they just ignored the stares and their follower. Amy enjoyed the walk through the narrow streets, catching glimpses of other hills with different parts of the city on them. The city was a maze of one and two story white buildings on narrow streets. They found a spot to sit on a grassed area that sloped down to what looked like a stage. Families and couples were using the grass to relax and have picnic. Amy sat and enjoyed the view of the city spread over the hills, and of the jungle in the distance. 
Someone with a hood over his head, his face in shadow, came over, sat down next to Frank, and looked around cautiously. A merchant by his clothes. “I have a message for you. Merchants have reported that you are seeking the truth about the Isolated Planets, and you carry a Master Wayfarers staff. There is a secret that you need to know.”
That shocked them all. Frank quietly answered, “Our watcher from the Temple is in the crowd up the hill, too far away to hear us.”
“Good,” whispered the merchant, “at least you’re smart enough to see that. Don’t believe what the Temple and the Wayfarers tell you; it’s all lies. They’ve changed history to suit their view of the galaxy.” He checked around again to see if anyone was close enough to hear him. “The secret is this, and we’re trusting you not to tell the Temple this; the Merchant Guild still exists but is hidden. We can’t afford to oppose them, or they’ll close the archways. Just don’t believe everything you’re told. We’ll contact you again.” With that, he got up, and walked quickly through the crowd, directly away from their watcher. 
“Well, that was interesting!” exclaimed Paul.
“Yes, wasn’t it,” mused Amy.
“I’ve told you that we’re not being told the truth!” stated Frank.
“He could have been lying too,” Amy pointed out. “We’ll have to be careful. If the Merchant Guild has stayed hidden, then I wonder if the other guilds might still exist as well.”
As they looked over the city, the sun started to touch the horizon. 
Paul, said, looking around, “People are leaving. We’d better head back.”
“Which way?” Amy asked.
Frank answered, pointing uphill, “The Temple and the Transit Station are at the top of this hill. We just keep climbing.”
Amy found that easier said than done. The twilight made it harder to walk up the street with the stone slabs and uneven steps. She wasn’t sure they'd reach the Temple before dark. She wished she'd brought her flashlight, even if it scared people. 
* * *
Supper was fresh bread, and something like beef stew. Amy led the way to the courtyard. They ate under the light of an oil lamp. Frank watched as one of the acolytes lit more oil lamps in the courtyard, and he rushed to grab one before the acolyte could light it. “They light them with a static spark. Watch.” Frank stroked a pad near the wick causing a spark to light the lamp. Frank insisted that they each try it, after blowing out the flame. “Notice how the flame is smokeless. Not bad for a primitive society.”
Amy was startled, “What do you mean, ‘a primitive society’? They have pillars, archways, and Transit Stations.”
Frank nodded, “Yes they do. But they didn’t build them, they don’t know how; the Ship Guild or maybe the Artisan Guild did. If you remove those pieces of technology, what you have is something similar to a Mediterranean city before automobiles, steam, and electricity. Back in the 1500s or 1600s maybe.”
Paul was curious. “But Frank wouldn’t the other guilds be part of this society?”
Frank shook his head. “No. Based on what we learned today, and what we found out in Ravinesedge, I would say that the Ship Guild, the Artisans Guild, and the Mining Guild operate very different and separate societies. Add the Wayfarers Guild to that list too.”
Amy was puzzled. “So what is this society then?”
“I’m not sure,” answered Frank, “but this society seems to be deliberately designed to operate without technology.”
“Designed?” asked Paul.
“Planetsong showed me a book that said all cities are built on hills to allow rainwater and sewage to drain downhill to natural treatment areas. Therefore, no pumps are required, a lower level of technology. Every hill has a spring at the top of it that provides huge quantities of drinking water, but Planetsong didn’t know how or why.”
It was Amy’s turn to ask, “So where does the water come from?”
Frank answered, “It’s probably from some kind of underground pump and filter system. Imagine a system that doesn’t need maintenance for thousands of years.”
Amy though about that. “What about the empty town on Green Harbor Three? The fountains were dry?”
“Exactly!” exclaimed Frank. “If the water stopped, they’d have to abandon the town. They couldn’t fix the pumps.”
Amy, Paul, and Frank pondered that possibility as they brought their wooden bowls and plates back to the dining room. Amy saw the Holy One waving for them to come over to his table. 
Three seats were reserved for them at the head table. Planetsong was there too. The Holy One didn’t say what was going to happen but he seemed excited. Amy quickly figured out that the entertainment was charades. She couldn’t figure out what the different teams were doing. She was reduced to watching the people in the room. Some of the priests and acolytes seemed to be as bored as she, Frank, and Paul were. They left as soon as they could. 
* * *
Amy sat on the steps of the Temple with Paul and Frank. It was the afternoon of the second day, and their backpacks were on the steps below them. They’d already said goodbye to the Holy One and Planetsong. In front of them was the bustle of the market with the constant noise of the bargaining with the merchants. Paul had sold some of their gear for the local coins and found the bargaining fun. Amy just couldn’t enjoy the bargaining, but Frank didn't mind.
The square was twice as large as the one in Northcity, about 250 feet deep and 450 feet long east to west with Transit Station buildings on the west, south, and east sides of a square. The north side had the Temple in its center. 
To their right was the City Council building. There were no elections on this planet and the city was supposed to be run by eight councilors, the local heads of the eight guilds; the Artisans Guild, the Guard Guild, the Dispatch Guild, the Merchants Guild, the Mining Guild, the Ship Guild, the Temple Guild, and the Wayfarers Guild. Only the Temple and Guard Guild still operated here. Eight city council members, but only two guilds on the planet. So they added six other citizens to the City Council to ensure that there were eight. It seemed that this was a holy number that couldn’t be changed.
The Ship Guild building on Amy’s far right was empty, but ship meant spaceship here. The Guard, who occupied the building on her immediate left, seemed to be both the police and the army, but also responsible for the maintenance of the city. Humans from the Mining Guild hadn’t come to the city in centuries, and their building, to Amy’s far left, was also empty. That was supposed to be the layout in every large Transit Station square. The Wayfarers Guild had no building in the city or on the planet. There were rumors of a planet where the Wayfarers lived, Quenlac Three. Amy smiled; she knew it wasn’t a rumor.
Something caught her eye across the square. Four people were watching them from the shadows of the Transit Station building entrance. Everyone stared at them, but these four were different in some way. They were dressed alike, in blue shirts with blue string ties up the front, and blue pants, very different from other people she’d watched. They even had similar haircuts, short, maybe an inch long, even the woman, and they had a military bearing. “Paul, those four across the square, in the shadows of the entrance, they seem different.”
Paul was watching them. “They've been watching us, but then everyone is watching us! They're part of some organization from their similar haircuts and clothing, but that could be anything from slavers to city guards.” The four faded back into the shadows of the building.
Amy suddenly remembered something. “Frank, did you ask Planetsong about the spiders?”
Frank shrugged his shoulders. “Yes, but he wouldn’t volunteer anything. It seems the spiders are as intelligent as human kind. There’s only one female in each Clan, the Mother. They’re carnivorous, and normally hunt other predators, but they will eat humans who attack them or annoy them.” Frank blushed at that. “They also keep herds of horses, cattle, and sheep, as a food supply. Like Desert Stronghold Two, each Clan normally takes territory between human settlements and the wilderness, protecting the human settlements from dangerous predators and using that relationship to foster trade. Humans have in the past asked the spider kind to set up clans for that purpose. They trade spider silk to humans to make the Temple ceremonial robes, and sell to the richest families for clothing. I asked about a Daughter, but he said he didn’t know what that meant.”
Frank expressed his frustration, “This not volunteering anything is annoying. It’s deliberate. I listened to a class from the corridor. It was the same as any school class, none of this ‘we can only teach you what you ask, it is our way’ nonsense. Maybe that guy from the Merchant Guild was right!”
Amy agreed that it was annoying, and it limited what they could learn. What was the point of that? If it hadn’t been for the time looking around the city and talking to people, she might have said that the tutoring in the Temple here had almost been a waste of time. “Frank, you talked to the merchants in the square. Anything?”
Frank was more enthused about this. “Yes, some. When it’s quiet some of the merchants are willing to chat, especially if you bring a flavored cold tea drink they seem to like.” Amy shivered, to Frank’s amusement. She’d tried one of the drinks, finding that it tasted like tea, but with an extremely bitter wood smoke and black licorice flavor. She hadn’t been able to get the taste out of her mouth for hours. “They told me that they respect the spiders for the silk cloth they produce, but most people are frightened of them. They’re happy that the spiders don’t travel much. They also told me a bunch of children’s stories, fairy tales, although they didn’t call them that, stories about the spiders as one of the eight great races, of humans and spiders who were companions and traveled the stars, and of spiders who could appear or disappear. I asked about the eight great races, but it was just one line in a story and no one could tell me what it meant.”
“Thanks Frank. Those ‘fairy tales’ might be better than some of the stuff we heard at the Temple.” Amy knew that her frustration was showing too. 
Paul agreed. “Yeah. It’s a pain. I asked about what we were told about the Evil Ones, that they do no killing or take any loot, encourage bandits and slavers by bribing them with gold, gems, and information, and are able to apparently appear or disappear at will. Planetsong was frightened and wouldn’t say anything. When I asked about the Slaver Planets all I got was that they were evil men who would fail in the end. The Temple people are useless!”
* * *
 “…and today Frank Bristol Wiseman asked about the spiders on Desert Stronghold Two. Planetsong of Northcentral answered what was asked, but we know little about the spiders. These three are frustrated by this process, but Planetsong of Northcentral was truthfully unable to give any information about a spider called Daughter. We have sent out acolytes to watch these three as they travel back to Desert Stronghold Two, and the acolytes will try to determine the purpose of the spider named Daughter. The report that Amy Elizabeth La Reine carried a staff with the Master Wayfarer’s symbol was confirmed; fortunately very few know the old symbols so others have paid little attention to the staff. Planetsong was able to ask Amy Elizabeth La Reine about dreams, and she told him that she had recurring dreams of a yellow dome. This and the fact that she is carrying a Master’s staff is a sign that her body is being transformed by the We. I had my doubts about the protocol, but I did not understand that the protocol would be applied to three strangers to our planets. Now I agree with the protocol. It forced the three to contact many people in our society; tradesmen, merchants, guards, teachers, and even one day a prostitute. The acolyte watching reported that they calmly, in the middle of the street, discussed with the prostitute where she worked and lived, what hours she worked, what she charged, and asked her if her trade was illegal or immoral. The acolyte was certain that they were not interested in her services, just in the information. What a strange planet they must come from. I will never forget seeing Amy Elizabeth La Reine as I came around the corner of the road at the end of the battle in the forest, the image of a young daughter anyone would be proud of, standing with one foot on a dead slaver, demanding that the rest surrender. The slavers were petrified, and I can understand why, after seeing how their ‘guns’, I have used their word, killed slavers in the meadow. Of the thirty-five slavers that died, the leader Amy Elizabeth La Reine killed nineteen. Guards don’t kill that many people in a lifetime of service. Then Amy Elizabeth La Reine argues for mercy on behalf of the wounded slavers. They remained awake all night caring for them. What type of planet is it that can produce a young woman like this? I now see that if we had taken the three strangers under our wing and trained them then we would have made them just like us, perhaps eliminating their usefulness to the One Who Tests. I have the feeling that their differences are what will be important. We will continue to watch them, and I believe that their path has been ordained by the One Who Tests and these three may become the long awaited Council of Three, if they survive. If they prove to be false councilors, as so many have in the past, then we are prepared to put them to trial and have them executed, and…”

Chapter 23 – Spring Wedding and Groom’s Uncle 

Amy saw Sue coming down the hotel hallway. As she was the only person in a wedding dress she was easy to spot. Amy took the opportunity to have a few seconds alone with her. Because Amy was away traveling she hadn’t been able to be part of the wedding party, and she regretted that. They hugged, careful not to crease the dress.
“Sue, you were beautiful, and the wedding was great. It’s not everyone that gets a President for an uncle,” said Amy. The church had been packed as most of Sue’s relatives still lived in West Virginia, and all of Ben’s relatives had turned up. It was not every day that the nephew of a President got married.
“You would bring that up,” said a subdued Sue while she adjusted her wedding dress. “He wasn’t coming, and then at the last minute he had to stay in Washington and could be here.  It just made me more nervous. I forgot what I was supposed to say.”
Amy laughed, “Well, I think you got through it OK. I distinctly remember the pastor saying ‘man and wife’.”
“You can laugh now, but one day it’ll be your turn. We’d best get to the tent; I think they want the bride and groom to lead the procession! We’ll get a chance to talk later.” Sue and Amy headed out of the French doors, across the lush lawn towards the tent set up under the oak trees. Amy said a quick hi to Ben, and then went looking for her seat.
Amy’s table was just to the left of the head table. Amy took a seat where she could see the head table and the MC. Sue’s Aunt and Uncle joined her. They chatted about the times when Sue and Amy would visit, asking when she could come up to their mountain cabin for another vacation.
The processional music started, and everyone stood up, looking to where the bride and groom would enter. Amy noticed the Secret Service Agents standing around the sides of the tent; that meant that the President was going to be at the reception. Sue and Ben, glowing with happiness led the wedding party, the parents, and some relatives, including the President and the First Lady, into the tent. Most of the wedding party headed for their places in front of the head table.
Someone was directing the President and First Lady to Amy’s side of the tent. The President came close and smiled at her, and then stopped next to her table. Why? The First Lady came to the table as well and stopped behind the chair next to Amy! Yikes! They were going to sit at her table. Sue! Amy looked up and Sue had a wicked grin on her face.
Amy saw that the President and First Lady had seen the exchange of looks, and they seemed to think it was a good joke. Amy reminded herself to breathe before she fainted or exploded! She saw the President and First Lady exchange a look, and both of them seemed to relax.
The pastor said grace; this was a Baptist wedding. Then everyone introduced themselves to the others at the table, except, of course, for the President and First Lady who were known to everyone. Across the table was Mr. Stevens, a second cousin of Sue, and his wife. 
The First Lady said to Amy, “Sue told us that you are taking Political Science at Duke University.”
“Yes, I’m in my last year. It’s a bit scary.”
“It was for all of us,” said the First Lady. “I’m sure you’ll survive it.”
The President finished talking to Mr. Stevens and now joined in the conversation. “I hope us sitting here doesn’t scare you too much.”
 “Oh no sir, I’m twenty-two, and have too many other things to worry about!” Amy blurted.
The President and First Lady burst out laughing.
“Oh, I didn’t mean it that way!” said Amy anxiously.
“Oh yes you did,” said the First Lady, between laughs, “and you put him right in his place. He needs to meet people who are honest with him. It does him good.” She gave the President a playful elbow in his side.
The soup arrived and Amy concentrated on not spilling it on her clothes. The First Lady asked Amy about her interests and her major and minor at university. Amy found they got on well, and soon Amy found herself chatting as if she’d known the First Lady all her life. The President listened in, adding occasional comments, while keeping up conversations with the other people at the table. Amy was enjoying talking to the First Lady, and it seemed to be mutual. Amy learned that the First Lady’s daughter, Sandy, had left home a few years ago, and with distances and the demands of the White House, they’d had little time with Sandy and her family.
The meal arrived and while people were eating, the MC started up the program. While the bride and groom were getting photographed cutting the cake, the President turned to Amy. “We have to leave early as we have another event this evening. It’s been nice to meet you Amy. Before we go, I’d like to ask you a question?”
“OK,” said Amy, puzzled by the seriousness of his tone. The First Lady leaned back in her chair, watching them both.
“I don’t get to talk to many people who are less than forty,” said the President with a smile, “so I want to ask your opinion. You’re interested in politics. I’m sure that you’ve heard the debates around the Social Security Bill. I have to decide in the next few weeks whether to let it go ahead, or to veto it.” He stopped and waited for Amy to absorb the question.
Amy’s brain was whirling, but the President was right, she'd been thinking about it. What the President didn’t know, was that she had been thinking about that Bill, and many other things, in relation to the very different culture she’d seen in the Isolated Planets.
“You’re right Mr. President, I’ve been thinking about it. At twenty-two, I’ve just completed my third year of Political Science. I don’t have the experience to understand all the technicalities of the Bill, but, it seems to me that the principles of the Bill are flawed.”
The President was puzzled. “Flawed? How?”
Amy thought to herself; well you started it, you’d better go for broke. “It’s flawed because the Bill assumes that the same solution will work in every part of the US. The trillions of dollars will do some good, but it will be less effective than it should be.”
“And what would you suggest instead?” asked the First Lady encouragingly.
Amy took a deep breath, and collected her thoughts. “The present Bill takes away any responsibility from people and imposes an answer to their problems from some distant central office. Allowing people to find their own local solutions would give them back their dignity and pride, and would allow the money to be spent on the right local priorities and problems. That has been discussed as an option to replace the central administration model proposed.”
“How would you see that working?” the President encouraged.
Amy thought about how society worked in a cooperative way on Great Island One, adding that to the discussion she’d participated in on the Bill, and said, “If you appointed local people, people who use the programs, to authorities in each district, allowing them to set local priorities within a framework on how funds would be spent, the Bill would be more effective. The present Bill takes responsibility away from people; a different system would allow people to be responsible for their own destinies. We have to believe in people, not programs.”
The President thought about that for a second, nodded and repeated, “Believe in people, not programs! So, you think I should veto the Social Security Bill?”
“Yes, Mr. President, I do,” said Amy firmly, surprised at her own decisiveness. She wasn’t sure where all of that had come from.
Getting up, shaking her hand, the President said, “Thank you Amy. I asked for an honest opinion, and I think I got one.” He smiled and then moved away to shake hands with other people as he gradually made his way to the exit.
“Well done, Amy,” said the First Lady, putting her hand on Amy’s shoulder. “You’ve given him something to think about. It was nice talking with you.”
Amy was surprised to honestly say, “It was a pleasure to meet you and the President ma’am.”
“I expect that we’ll meet again,” said the First Lady giving Amy’s shoulder a squeeze. The First Lady smiled and nodded to everyone at the table, and then hurried to catch up to the President. Amy’s knees were shaking so much that as soon as the President and First Lady were a few tables away, she sat down. What was she thinking! Blurting out all of that nonsense to the President!

Chapter 24 – Daughter

Amy was glad to be back. She was starting to think of this cave as one of their special places out in the stars. The other was, of course, Simon’s campsite. She wasn’t going to mention that to the guys; they’d just think she was losing it. The tent was in the shade of the cave as usual, and they'd been waiting for Daughter for a whole day. 
The 32 day target fell on a Sunday or Monday, it could be either, so they’d all come early. It was now Monday and they'd have to think about getting back. Paul had the longest flight, and he’d cut a number of lectures to make it. It was late in the afternoon, about the same time as on Earth. Frank was in the cave working on his laptop, with his solar cloth stretched out on the rocks outside recharging his spare battery. Bringing rechargeable batteries was one of the changes on the list for the next trip, and more ammo, and better medical supplies; the list was getting longer. 
Amy found she didn’t sleep well after shooting the slavers, and waiting here wasn’t helping. They'd talked about the rescue last night and that brought it all back again. Without distractions her mind kept going over and over it. It didn’t seem to faze Frank or Paul. Amy thought that Frank should have been freaking out, but he hadn’t even talked about it. That Paul seemed to have no issues was not a surprise, being in military studies. 
Amy could see Paul on top of the hill keeping a lookout for the spiders in spite of the fact that it was hot in the sun. 
* * *
Paul was glad to have some space and no distractions. He needed to think through what had happened with the slavers. He’d never shot at anyone before, never mind to kill, and that wasn’t anything like he’d trained for. It’d been the right thing to do, at least he told himself that, but some of the slavers he’d killed were younger than he was. He hadn’t got much sleep since then, and he’d heard Amy moaning last night. She must be having nightmares. Frank seemed to be sleeping OK. 
* * *
Frank was trying to work on the star chart in his laptop. He’d gone to the back of the cave where it was darker, and cooler. He'd left Canada in a spring blizzard! He was having a hard time concentrating on the data, and kept messing it up. His mind kept going back to when he’d shot the slavers. At the time it was like a first person shooter computer game. Only afterwards had the screaming of the wounded hit him. The dead were dead, just like in a game, but the wounded cried and moaned, and were people just like him. He couldn’t figure out what else they could have done, except walk away. Paul and Amy seemed to be handling it. Why couldn’t he? 
* * *
As the sun dropped to the horizon and the rocks radiated their heat back into the sky, it started to cool down. Amy decided to stay outside until sunset, sitting on her pillow. She was working through The Book of the One Who Tests that she'd traded some of their kit for. Paul and Frank had argued that they might have needed the things she’d traded, but she thought it didn’t matter as they could easily replace the stuff on Earth. They just shook their heads. Men!
The book was thick only because it used handmade paper sheets bound together. Compared to the Bible it was really short. Her Bible had 1,500 pages while this copy of The Book of the One Who Tests was less than a 100 pages, but with very small strokes creating the words. Frank thought that the strokes were carved in a wood block and that a block was used to print each page. On some pages the printing wasn’t square with the page edges, and occasionally there was a line near the edge of a page that looked like it might be the edge of a block. There were no page or line numbers in The Book of the One Who Tests so Amy was working on adding those to her copy.
She was startled as a high-pitched voice said, “Amy Elizabeth La Reine, I greet you.” She managed not to drop the book. A spider at least fifteen inches across its body, was sitting on a rock. It was reddish brown with a crab-like skin like the other spiders, matching the color of the rocks, and next to it, laying on the rock, was a short staff about sixteen inches long, as thick as the base of Simon’s staff, and with similar carvings. The spider also had a leather cylinder, about the same length as the staff, hung under the body and fastened by a strap. 
This must be Daughter. “Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, I greet you. Let me call my companions so we can make formal introductions.”
Daughter answered in very precise Galactic, “That is good; do so.”
Amy called Paul down from his lookout, and hearing the shout, Frank came over to where Amy was standing. It only took a few minutes for Paul to scramble down the hill and join them. She was wondering who should start when Daughter solved that for her.
“I am Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, offspring of Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite. I am the youngest of the clan, and one day I will form my own clan. I am pleased that you returned as promised.”
Amy bowed, and Paul and Frank quickly joined her. “Daughter, offspring of Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, we are pleased to meet you. We are anxious to learn what was meant by the words of the Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite when she said ‘I would learn more about you, and for that purpose I will send a Daughter with you.’”
They introduced themselves. Amy was pleased that Frank was now being very polite; it seemed that the lesson was learned, but Amy noted that his eyes looked around the rocks for other spiders. Amy wondered why Daughter was alone.
“Let us sit in the last of the sun,” said Daughter, as she moved across the sand on six legs, using her two front legs to hold her staff and the leather cylinder. The leather cylinder was sealed at one end, and had a leather cap on the other end.
Amy chose a rock opposite the rock Daughter was settling on. Frank sat on the rock next to her, and Paul sat on the sand with his back to the rocks. Daughter settled with her staff and leather cylinder under her front legs.
Daughter announced, “Before I explain what Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite said to you, I need to give you some information.” Amy noted that all three of the spiders she'd met sounded like professors; it must be a species trait. “When a Daughter creates a clan she becomes Mother to that clan. The Daughter does not need to be fertilized by a male as in humans, and produces eggs for males or Daughters at need. Daughters are produced when a new clan is to be founded or at special times like this. I have no protectors until I create my clan, but I will protect myself with this staff, or with these needles.” 
Daughter opened up the leather cylinder and pulled out two needles the length of the cylinder. Each needle had a loop on one end, and a narrow point at the other end. Daughter showed them how the loops allowed her to use them as an extension of her front legs. “The needles will kill most attackers, but with larger prey it is necessary to strike through the eyes. I will grow to the size of Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite within three thousand days. I will not start a new clan until I have completed the mission given to me by the Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite. I eat freshly killed meat, which I will hunt for myself until I have protectors, but I can survive for a time on fruit and grains. I was born thirty days ago and have all ancestral and ancient memories, so I can speak our language and this language you call Galactic. Spider kind need heat to be mobile; when it is cold we can only move slowly or not at all. I never sleep, but I do rest by being immobile. I can disguise myself by changing my color, and closing my shape.” 
Daughter demonstrated this by changing her skin color to a mottled brown and white and collapsing into a ball. Amy had to admit that Daughter did look just like a rock.
Amy’s brain was reeling from the information given, hard to absorb due to the way Daughter jumped from subject to subject.
Daughter continued, “When the Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite said ‘I would learn more about you, and for that purpose I will send a Daughter with you’, the purpose was this. I am to travel with you. I can travel through the pillars alone using my staff, or with your group. I am to be a member of your group, fleeing or fighting as a group, as determined by the leader Amy Elizabeth La Reine. I may assist you in your sworn task, but I am not to provide guidance. I may answer questions if I determine that it serves the One Who Tests’ purpose. I carry a secret message to the Wayfarers from Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite and will deliver it if you are successful in your quest. On the success or failure of your quest I will report all I have learned to the Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite. That is all I shall tell you now. Amy Elizabeth La Reine, you may ask questions.”
Amy was not sure where to start. Frank leaned over and whispered, keeping his eyes on Daughter. She agreed. “Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite we thank you for the information you have given us, and we will need some time to absorb this information. Frank Bristol Wiseman has asked that I clarify what you meant when you said ‘all ancestral and ancient memories’?”
“A good question Amy Elizabeth La Reine. I will answer it. Each Daughter is given the memories of her Mother, and the Mother of her Mother for many generations back. In distant generations the memories become less distinct and are called the ancient memories. So that you understand fully, I will tell you this. As these are not my memories, they cannot be read as a human would read a book. You cannot remember something if you do not know that you know it. It will take my entire lifetime before most of the ancestral and ancient memories have been remembered.”
“Thank you Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite for that information.” 
Paul asked, “Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, my full name is Paul Augustine Fortezza but I request that we use our informal names at times of privacy and in emergencies. This is our way as humans.” There was no response from Daughter, not even a twitch. “Our informal names are Amy, Frank, and Paul. If you consent, what would your informal name be?” Daughter was silent, and Amy hoped she was thinking, and not upset.
Daughter finally responded after half a minute of silence, “Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite told me that being with humans would be difficult, but I had not expected to have to deal with such an issue now. I am to be a member of your party, Paul, and therefore will accept your request. A member of the Clan is polite and formal at all times, but I will learn what it means to be with humans.”
“What informal name will the Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite take?” Amy inquired, and watched as Daughter stayed still but twitched her legs slowly. “I have thought on this Amy.” The informal name was deliberate. “It is the human way in the old society on the Isolated Planets to take a new name when a significant change in life occurs. I will determine what my new name will be as we travel. For now my informal name will be Daughter.”
Amy found that was the end of useful information from Daughter that day, as most of their questions were calmly answered: ‘You ask for guidance. I cannot answer’; or ‘I will not answer. The One Who Tests’ purpose will not be served’; or more frustratingly, ‘That is not the right question’.
They took a break for supper. It was Paul’s turn to cook. Daughter watched intently, getting in Paul’s way sometimes. Daughter was especially interested in the packages of dried food. Amy asked, “Daughter, we have stayed on planets without animals, fruit or grains. What would you eat there?”
“A good question Amy. I do not have access to manufactured foods such as these, so I must bring fresh meat, fruit or grains to those planets. If the stay is long then I will have to travel to other planets to forage. You have been to such a planet?”
Amy looked over to Frank, asking him to give the answer. “Simon, the Master Wayfarer we met, was camped on a planet in a two sun system. We were told that every seven Earth years the smaller sun, one thousandth the size, swings in close, increasing the amount of radiation and killing off all life on the planet’s surface. We saw no animals there and the only plants were large ferns and a number of types of grass. The planet had been inhabited and we found some type of outpost, near the pillar, that was connected by…” Frank was unable to find a way to say monorail, but after a short description, Daughter provided a word. Amy was puzzled; how could spiders living in some hills on a desert planet know about monorails? Frank was continuing, “Yes, a monorail. We did not have time to follow the monorail, but it must lead to another town or city on the planet. Do you agree?”
“That is a good question Frank. I will answer it. Your conclusions are valid. Simon’s planet must be a planet that was never changed to human types of plants and animals, the word in Galactic is terraform, but the monorail indicates that the planet could have been used for scientific study or mining, or both. In twin sun systems with a much smaller sun the time of radiation is usually short, and human and other kinds on the planet could choose to leave the planet or go underground during that time.” 
It sounded like someone describing what was happening on TV. Daughter was giving them something from her memories! Before Amy could ask, Daughter left saying only, “I will return in the morning.” 
* * *
They were comparing schedules when Daughter arrived the next morning. The process of selecting a date to come back to the planets had to be delayed while Frank explained to Daughter why weeks didn’t add into a year, and months had different numbers of days. His explanation of months named after gods and periods of sacrifice, Amy hadn’t known that, would make anyone think Earth was barbaric.
Daughter responded, “Thank you Frank Bristol Wiseman. I understand the source of your calendar. The result is administratively ineffective.” Frank opened his mouth to object, but didn’t. He laughed, “Daughter, it is! But it’s what we work with. Looking at our administratively ineffective calendars, to match Amy’s reading week I will lose a few days of classes just before exams, but Paul’s going to lose a full week. Not good.” 
Paul shrugged. “I can’t afford to lose a week; I won’t be coming.”
Frank suddenly had a thought. “Daughter, do you intend to come to Earth with us now?” Amy was startled; she hadn’t thought of that!
Daughter responded, “Yes, I do. As you are splitting up, I intend to travel with Amy Elizabeth La Reine, as she is the leader.”
This was unexpected; Frank wasn’t sure how to deal with it. 
Amy said anxiously, “Daughter, I have to be back at my school by tomorrow for a session that I am leading, which means I must fly there. Let us tell you about Earth and the problems with travel.” 
For the rest of the morning they took turns explaining how Earth society worked. Daughter had many questions for them on conflict between nations, weapons and Earth’s technology. Daughter had difficulty with understanding borders and nations, and Amy could see why; when pillars took you from planet to planet in an instant, what did national borders mean? Only when they discussed air travel restrictions did Daughter finally see that Amy could not take her to Earth today. 
Daughter insisted, “Amy Elizabeth La Reine, the option remains that a surface crossing of the border to your country is possible. If necessary I can do that alone, at night no human could catch me. You must provide for surface transportation and return here in sixteen days. I will be waiting.”
Amy looked at Frank, and he did a quick calculation. “That’s early on a Wednesday morning, Earth time.”
Amy quickly figured that to do that, she would need to drive down to Mexico, driving time of thirty hours, so she would have to leave Duke on Monday morning, collect Daughter here, return to Earth, and drive back to university, all before the following Monday, but it was possible. There were no critical classes or events for her that week, and she could catch up, she hoped.
Amy answered, “Daughter, I will meet you up here in sixteen days, and then we will travel together to my school.” 
They would then all meet on Simon’s planet after their graduations. Frank reminded Amy and Paul, “On Earth it is now early morning of the day we are flying out. We have to go.”
Daughter addressed Amy. “Amy Elizabeth La Reine, prepare to leave, but I have something you must take with you. I request you wait for an hour.”
Amy quickly glanced at Frank, and he nodded, so she answered, “Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, we will wait.” Daughter left without explaining why, quickly lost to sight in the rocks. 
“We’re OK,” said Frank, “their hour here is about 90 minutes long. We have a couple of Earth hours before we must leave, even allowing for time to say goodbye to people in Ravinesedge, and to confirm our return date with the Holy One.” Amy remembered that the Holy One had offered lodging while they learned about the Isolated Planets. Amy was thinking that lodging was fine, but forget the tutoring.
They grabbed some lunch and packed up the campsite while they waited.
 Daughter returned carrying a small package, a package that Daughter placed at Amy’s feet. “Amy Elizabeth La Reine, as a member of this party it is required of me that I assist in our sustenance. This is a sample of what I can provide. Use this sample to prepare for trading.”
They were all curious. Frank grabbed his camcorder and knelt next to Amy. The outside wrap was a loose weave grey fabric. Inside was a piece of iridescent cloth, about three feet by three feet, so light it seemed to float, which felt like silk but reflected the colors around them as if each thread was a prism.
Amy awed, responded, “Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, this cloth is beautiful, it will certainly be valuable for trading. How much will be available?”
“Amy Elizabeth La Reine, I am pleased that you find the cloth valuable. It is made of silk produced from my own glands. Each Earth thirty-one day month,” Daughter was commenting on Earth’s calendar, “a piece, the same width and three times as long, will be available for you for trade. Plus there are four such lengths in the package, a gift from Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite.”
Frank reached over to feel the spider silk. “I’m sure some Hollywood actress would pay a fortune for this. Four lengths is more than enough for an evening gown.”
“Good idea Frank, and enough left over for a blouse for me,” whispered Amy.
Daughter jumped up on one of the rocks, announcing, “I am pleased that you find my gift useful, and now I must let you go. When you return Amy Elizabeth La Reine, one of your tasks will be to teach me English.” With that, Daughter picked up her staff and case, and was out of sight in seconds.
Paul jumped on a rock to try to see where Daughter was going. “I guess spiders don’t believe in saying goodbye.”
* * *
Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite arrived at the breeding chamber, the clan administrative center and home of the Mother. Lamps lit the chamber, throwing shadows across the stalactites hanging from the cave ceiling. Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite raised her body up in respect, announcing to all the spiders in the chamber, “Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, I am pleased that you have returned safely. Report to me all that you have learned about these three humans.”
Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite took a ceremonial stance. “Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, your wisdom is great, there are many things to be learned from these humans. Their technology is less than that of the great civilization that is now gone, but it is greater than what can be accessed now and it is produced in great quantities. I have seen pictures and ‘movies’, a memory in technology, of them landing in a spaceship on a moon. I have learnt, Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, that there are a great number of humans on their planet. The United States nation that Amy Elizabeth La Reine is from has over three hundred million people. How many humans are in the other nations I have not ascertained.”
Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite and the other spiders, advisors to the Mother, tensed, shocked by this. The Mother questioned her, “Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite, how do these humans not destroy each other? The human protocols as written by the great civilization only permitted a hundred million humans on each planet in order to prevent internal conflict between them.”
Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite proceeded to tell Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite and her advisors of what else she had learned of Earth and the humans. Of nations, borders, wars and conflict, cold wars balanced by a concept called mutual assured destruction. Of recent peace, technology, and weapons. 
The resulting discussion continued over many days.
Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite sent for the full advisor council, a declaration was to be made. Once everyone was gathered, the Mother of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite declared, “Daughter of the Clan Adv’fr’gaite this is the decision of the clan. We will continue as originally determined. If the humans on Earth appear to be a danger to the galaxy, you shall make a declaration and isolate them, and if necessary lock all the pillars and archways connecting to the Isolated Planets. If these three humans are the ones foretold, then you will assist them. If they are false councilors, then they must be killed.”

Chapter 25 – Spider Silk and Invitation

Rosemary La Reine was preparing snacks that Amy and Luc liked. She was curious as to why Amy had asked to meet with both of them. Sometimes it seemed lately as if Amy was someone else, speaking with exactness, politeness and formality. Rosemary had been told about the company and the sapphires. Luc had shared the results of the investigation, but she didn’t know what to make of it, and Luc wouldn’t say what he thought. That was strange too; usually Luc was open with her about everything. 
She decided to set things up in the breakfast nook. The nook was cozy, with four cushioned chairs around a small antique table. The window in the nook looked out onto the garden and the trees, and this was where most of the family conferences took place. Even if this was to be a ‘meeting’, they would all feel more relaxed.
* * *
Amy was relieved to get this started and knew it showed in her voice. “Mom, you know about the company I set up with Dad, and about the sapphires. I have more of the sapphires but we have something else that we want to sell.” Amy unwrapped a cloth bundle that she’d brought in with her. There were exclamations from both Mom and Dad as she unfolded the spider silk and laid it on the table. The top piece floated down, settling gently on the table, it was so light. Even though the package had been in her backpack for days, the spider silk didn’t have a single crease. As her Mom and Dad ran their fingers over the material, the spider silk shimmered with all of the colors around them. 
Her Mom and Dad both asked, “What is it?” They laughed at each other.
“This is spider silk. As the name suggests, it’s made by spiders. These are the only pieces of this material on this planet.” Oops! Did they notice? She saw that Mom was still enthralled by the feel of the material, and Dad was busy touching the spider silk as well. Amy continued, “It takes a long time to make and we have this shorter length and four pieces the same width and about twelve feet long. From now on only one length each month can be provided. This is part of the stuff we want to trade through the company.”
Her Mom was still stroking the material with her fingers and looked curiously at Amy. “More secrets? Don't answer. So what are you going to do with this material?”
“Mom, you have contacts in the fashion world,” Amy answered, careful to not mention other planets again. “Frank suggested that the highest price for this unique material would be paid for by a Hollywood actress, and maybe he’s right. I want to you sell this shipment.”
Mom nodded, “Frank’s smart! You’re right, I do know some people. How much are you asking?”
Amy hesitated, her parents might think her crazy. “I want you to sell each full length for $50,000 plus some conditions.”
Dad laughed, “Impossible!”
Mom turned to Dad and said, with some delight, “Luc, dear, Amy’s right to bring this to me. If Amy is the only source of this material, people will pay a lot more than that for it.” 
Dad looked at Mom as if she’d lost her mind. “You’re kidding, right?” 
Mom shook her head. “No, I’m not kidding dear. Some Hollywood star will spend a fortune to be the only person on the planet with a dress made from this material. Remember when I told you the black dress worn by Audrey Hepburn in “Breakfast at Tiffany's” sold at auction for over $800,000. Price is not the issue, it’s being unique. Of course, once we market more of the material the price would drop, but at the rate of supply that Amy stated, the material should easily bring in $50,000 a length, maybe $100,000, for a long time.” Dad just shook his head. Mom turned back to her. “Well, Amy, while your Dad gets over his shock at the stupidity of the fashion world, why don’t you tell me your conditions.”
Dad was looking at them as if they were both crazy. 
Amy could appreciate her Dad’s feelings. She’d felt stupid saying the figure of $50,000 Frank had suggested, but here was Mom saying that $100,000 per length could be the price. “The cloth is to be sold through the company Dad set up, and the designer has to keep the source confidential. The material has to be publicly known as spider silk, and it must be said that it was made by spiders. And the designer has to make a blouse out of the material for me, for free.”
“No problem dear,” Mom responded. “The designer won’t want anyone to know where the material comes from, in case someone else outbids them. Having to call it spider silk will only make it more exotic, and there will be more than enough material for a blouse as well. One request though.”
Amy was curious. “Sure Mom, what?”
“If there’s enough material I want a blouse too!”
“Of course! It’s beautiful isn’t it?” She and Mom hugged, while a mystified Dad looked on.
* * *
Amy was frantically taking down notes. Professor Mitchell had just given them a number of hints on what would be on the exam. Amy thought she would remember but with her upcoming trip to collect Daughter, she thought she’d better write them down. Fortunately the prof had been asked to take a telephone call, which must be urgent, as they usually didn’t interrupt a lecture.
Someone announced loudly, “Amy La Reine, you have a call from the White House.”
Amy just sat there until there until her friends started to push her out of her seat. Amy wondered what this was about. Everyone was looking at her as she walked down the stairs. Taking the phone Amy identified herself, “Hello, I’m Amy La Reine.”
“Hello, Miss La Reine, I’m June Pickering, Special Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy. The President has asked me to invite you to join him and the First Lady at the White House. The President and the First Lady were very impressed by your comments a few weeks ago and want you to come to the White House to share your ideas with the Domestic Policy Council sub-committee that will be working on a new Social Security Bill.”
“I don’t have any experience at this sort of thing, Miss Pickering,” she said cautiously.
Miss Pickering responded, “That’s OK Amy, we know that, and the First Lady and I will be there to help you. You should just call me June; I just graduated from Duke University last year, so I’m learning about this stuff too. The President is going to announce that he’s vetoing the present bill at a news conference in 30 minutes. He wants to confirm that he can use your name?”
She took a deep breath. “Of course!” This was the type of involvement in government she’d always wanted. How would she still travel to the Isolated Worlds? Could she get Daughter when she promised? But this was the politics she had dreamed of, and here it was being handed to her. “When would I be going to Washington?”
“Great,” said June. “I will get back to you later with all the details, as nothing is final yet. You’ll meet with the President and First Lady next week for a photo op, and then with sub-committee about a month later. You’re going to get some calls from the media, so just be non-committal and say that it is a great honor and you don’t have any comments until you receive more details. After all, that’s true. Now please pass me back to Professor Mitchell.”
She passed the phone back to the Professor and just stood there trying to collect her thoughts. When Professor Mitchell put the phone back down, he turned to Amy. “So, what now Amy?”
“I’ve no idea Professor,” said Amy, wondering what she’d gotten herself into. 
“That’s OK Amy; there are a lot of people here to help you. The University will support one of its stars in every way it can. Now I suggest you go back to your seat before you fall down,” the Professor joked.
Stars? Amy just nodded and distractedly climbed the stairs back to her seat, too busy trying to absorb what had happened to answer questions from the other students. Did he call her a star? 
 “All right people settle down,” called Professor Mitchell. “Based on what the White House just told us we have a change in program.”
Professor Mitchell smiled; everyone was waiting expectantly. “We are going to discuss something now that must be kept secret until the President announces it at a press conference in 30 minutes. The doors of this lecture hall are going to be locked and no one will leave, even for the washroom. Also, no one will be permitted to use a cellphone, laptop or any other electronic device, so switch them off and put them away now. If you don’t agree to these conditions you can leave now and no marks will be lost, but if you do stay and break these conditions you’ll be kicked off this course.”
Professor Mitchell waited. No one moved, except to pack laptops away and switch off their cellphones. The atmosphere in the room was electric. Everyone knew that an incident like this would be talked about for weeks.
“Good. While my assistants set up the video equipment so we can watch the President’s news conference I will let you know what just happened.” Professor Mitchell waved at his assistants to get started. Apart from the sound of equipment being moved around, there was no other sound in the lecture hall. “The White House has just offered an invitation to Miss La Reine. This relates to this secret.” He paused, playing up the drama. “The President will shortly announce that he is vetoing the Social Security Bill.” That created a stir; for months everyone had watched the crisis that had been brewing in Washington, DC.
Professor Mitchell raised his hand for silence, and after getting it continued, “The President will also announce that a sub-committee of the Domestic Policy Council is to be created, given the task of drafting a new Social Security Bill. The First Lady will be chairing the sub-committee. Miss La Reine has been invited to present her ideas to the sub-committee. It appears that Miss La Reine impressed the President when she discussed the current Social Security Bill with him and the First Lady.”
“You didn’t tell us you knew the President,” said one of the students close to Amy.
“Just socially, that’s all,” whispered Amy. It was clear from the looks around her that this Political Sciences student had just gone from anonymous to VIP.
Professor Mitchell signaled to Miss La Reine to stand up, requesting, with what was supposed to be a reassuring smile, “Now tell us Miss La Reine what you told the President that so impressed him. Stand where you are and just give us a summary of the discussion.” He waited. 
Amy tried not to fall apart. This was a lot of pressure. She took a couple of breaths; everyone was focused on her, some curious, some envious. “Well, Professor,” she started, projecting her voice so everyone could hear, “I was seated with the President at a social event when he asked for my opinion on the Social Security Bill. I think he wanted someone’s opinion who was less than forty.”
That generated a few positive comments from around the room.
“Please go on,” said Professor Mitchell, reminding them that this was his lecture.
“I told the President and the First Lady, that the current Bill was flawed because the Bill assumes that the same solution will work in every part of the country. I told him that the trillions of dollars spent will do some good, but will be less effective than it should be. I told the President that he should veto the current Bill.”
That caused a chorus of, “Wow,” “Yikes,” and similar expressions from around the room.
Amy was into the flow of it now, continuing, “I then told the President and First Lady why. That the current Bill takes away any responsibility from people and imposes an answer to their problems from some anonymous bureaucrat. I told them it would be better to trust in people and allow them to find their own solutions, to give them back their dignity and pride. I told them that this would allow spending on the right priorities and the right problems. The President asked me how I would see that working, and I suggested that if he appointed local people, people who use the programs, to authorities in each district, then those authorities would set local priorities, within a framework, on how the allocated funds would be spent. That would be a more effective way to allocate local funding. My view was that the current Bill takes away responsibility from people, and a new system working within a framework would allow people to be responsible for their own destinies again. I told the President that we have to believe in people, not programs.”
There was a pause while everyone considered this, with a few students giving her quiet applause.
 “Well done Miss La Reine,” Professor Mitchell said, approval in his tone. “While there are many opinions about the current Social Security Bill in this room, the important thing is that, without notice, you were able to provide a concise statement of your views to the President of the United States.”
Amy responded with a grin, “Well Professor, I don’t think it was that concise the first time.” That generated a few laughs.
Professor Mitchell smiled back. “It may not have been, but the important point is that you impressed the President. Miss La Reine, in a few minutes you’ll be pushed onto the national political stage. Our job now is to help you, and to make sure that you are a good representative of Duke University. We have twenty minutes left. Do you have questions?”
She nodded. “I have been warned that I will get calls from the media and I need to be prepared for that. I need some background on the Domestic Policy Council, what the role of the sub-committee will be, and what will be my role as a presenter?” 
“Good questions. Let’s get you the answers.” Professor Mitchell signaled for her to sit down and Amy sat with some relief. He moved on to the other students, getting information from them and filling up the whiteboards. He was able to draw out from the class that the Domestic Policy Council went back to the Johnson White House, it included the cabinet Secretaries and administrators of federal agencies, and Miss La Reine as a presenter would not have a vote. 
The Professor was watching the clock and called a halt to the discussion. The monitors around the lecture hall came on; the screens showed the White House Press Room full of media people and television cameras waiting for the President to arrive. People stood as the President entered the room. The President put his notes down on the podium and signaled everyone to sit down. The camera focused in on the President and the Presidential Seal on the podium in front of him.
One of her friends, seeing that Amy had been overwhelmed, had taken notes for her. He passed them over. Amy, on seeing the notes realized that she had suffered a brain freeze; she was relieved to see that his handwriting was legible. She whispered, “Thanks, Luke.”
“As you know,” said the President, arranging his notes, “there has been much conjecture on whether I would veto the Social Security Bill. The Bill provides much needed funding for programs, and many people have advised the White House to accept it with its faults and look to amending the Bill later. However, others have advised the White House that the Bill is seriously flawed and needs to be vetoed. I am sure you have all watched the debate with some interest. We heard many comments and opinions that were valid and important, but one statement stuck with me and made me look at this Bill in a new way.”
The President paused to let those comments be absorbed. They did not know yet if he would or wouldn’t veto the bill. 
He continued, leaning towards the cameras. “A few weeks ago I was at a function and sat at a table with a young lady who is in her fourth year of Political Science at Duke University. I imposed on her, as Presidents are likely to do,” that got a few polite laughs, “and asked her opinion of the current Social Security Bill. She told me her opinion and said one other thing that made me reflect on the decision I would make. She told me that the Bill was not based on the right principles, and when I asked her what principles, she told me that the Bill should focus on the fact that people were important, not programs.”
The camera panned back and they could see the stir in the media seats. It was clear now that the President would veto the bill. In the lecture hall, many of the students were looking at Amy, but she focused on the screens thinking how a few unrehearsed words had put her in this position.
“This young lady was right, as were many other people. The Bill is flawed and I have decided to veto it.” The President paused to let this sink in; “However, these funds are needed, and people need them quickly. The White House has already created a sub-committee of the Domestic Policy Council, which has been given the task of drafting a new Social Security Bill acceptable to the House of Representatives and the Senate. The First Lady has agreed to chair the sub-committee. A terms of reference for the sub-committee and a proposed timetable will be handed out. Questions?”
“Mr. President,” from the senior media correspondent who always had the first chance at a question, “who was the young lady who gave you these comments?”
“I am pleased to inform you that we have asked that young lady, Amy La Reine, of Duke University,” said the President, “to make a presentation to the sub-committee, where she will present her viewpoints on the new bill. Her profile and the information on the members sitting on the sub-committee are in the package.”
The questions from the media continued for a while, eventually becoming repetitive. At that point, the President thanked them for their time, picked up his notes, and left the room. The cameras pulled back to show the whole room. Professor Mitchell signaled one of his assistants to switch the screens off.
“There you have it ladies and gentlemen,” Professor Mitchell told the students, adding with a smile, “There’s nothing like politics when you’re involved. We will have to do some catching up so we will cover three chapters of the text over the next two lectures, so read chapters 5, 6 and 7 for next week. You are all dismissed early except for Miss La Reine.”
There were a few minor groans at the extra reading but most students were too excited by what had happened to care. There was a buzz of excitement, and the sound of many cellphones being turned on as they exited the lecture hall.
Amy made her way down to Professor Mitchell. As she reached the floor her cellphone vibrated. Amy pulled it out to look at the call display. It was her parent’s phone number. “It’s my parents,” Amy announced to the Professor. He signaled for her to go ahead, but to hurry. Amy took the call, quickly explaining that she only knew about the invitation thirty minutes before. She told them that she had to talk to her Professor and she’d call them later.
The Professor had finished packing everything into his briefcase. “We have twenty minutes, so I am going to introduce you to the Department Chair; he knows we’re coming.” Professor Mitchell led Amy through the hallways to the Chair’s office. He told Amy as they walked, “All your assignments for this course are now cancelled. Use the time to prepare for your presentation. You’ll only have to hand in a copy of the presentation to pass this course. Only what is public, of course. The Chair will approve your absence for the presentation and any other events, and you will not lose any marks or credits for any course impacted.”
When she reached the Chair’s office, the Professor took her right in. “Well, Amy,” said the Chair enthusiastically, shaking her hand, “I watched the President’s announcement. I imagine it’s overwhelming right now?”
Amy nodded, remembering to take a breath, “Yes Chair Dunning, it is. Once I know more about this sub-committee I’ll feel better.”
“True!” said Chair Dunning. “I’ve arranged for all of the material from the White House to come to this office, where it will be held confidentially until you pick it up.” He added with a smile, “There are too many curious minds at the dorm.” Amy realized that the Chair and Professor had dealt with something like this before, which, in some ways, made her feel better. Chair Dunning continued, “Professor Mitchell and I are going to work on organizing this from the University end, and if you need any assistance just get hold of Professor Mitchell, or my office, and we will do everything we can. We’ve both worked at the White House in our careers, so remember you’re not alone in this.”
Amy nodded; she seemed to be doing a lot of that! “Thank you Chair Dunning, I really appreciate that.”
Chair Dunning gave her a sympathetic smile. “I’m sure you do. Remember this is a great opportunity for you; just enjoy it! The White House will only give out this office number so that your studies aren’t interrupted. That’s it for now; we’ll coordinate with June Pickering at the White House. Give your cellphone number to Susan, my Executive Assistant, and we’ll let you know when each package arrives.” Chair Dunning shook her hand warmly as she left.
Amy left the Chair’s office, after giving her cellphone number to Susan. Later that day she had her first call from Susan. “A package from the White House has been received. It’s all of the material handed out to the media after the President’s announcement, plus details on your meeting with the President next week. You have seventeen messages, so far, from newspapers, radio and television stations. Can you come over to work on a University press release? We’ll have our communications people here at the Chair’s office at three this afternoon, and they can help you with responding to the media as well. You’ve been excused from your lecture at that time and any resulting assignments.”

Chapter 26 – Friends and Enemies

General Hardisty presented his orders to the Corporal at the desk. The Corporal stood up, saluted, and with careful respect addressed the General, “Just a moment Sir, Captain Jamieson is expecting you.” The Corporal left to deliver the orders to the Captain.
General Hardisty smiled. About time there was some efficiency; those stupid scientists in his last posting wouldn’t know ‘discipline’ if you wrote it on their whiteboards. The General watched the Captain move quickly out of his office to stop in front of him and salute. General Hardisty returned the salute.
“Welcome to your new posting, General Hardisty. We’ve prepared a full briefing for you in the Situation Room. I think you’ll be impressed, Sir. Even the Pentagon is not aware of how advanced some of our systems are.”
The Captain led him into the Situation Room, introducing the General to the Unit staff, and starting the presentation on the role and activities of ASurT, the Army Surveillance Technology Evaluation Unit. The General, even he thought of himself as ‘The General’, was very pleased by what he heard. Rather than some backwater posting, he’d used his friends, allies and favors owed to have his discipline reassessed as ‘a regrettable error caused by stress’ and here he was, based on his past record of commanding technology focused units, commanding a Military Intelligence Unit evaluating new technology. Perfect! 
To test that technology in real situations this Unit was given complete access to Pentagon data on domestic and foreign threats, and even better, it had been assigned three investigation teams from Army Intelligence with communications independent of the Pentagon. Here was the opportunity to prove he was right, and the cursed Senator and his pet Colonel would pay for their inability to recognize a threat to the US.
He could see how his enthusiasm was puzzling Captain Jamieson. The Captain had probably heard rumors about his reassignment; time to settle that now. Adding a confident tone to his voice, he addressed his staff, “Thank you Captain Jamieson. That was an excellent briefing. When I became aware that the command of ASurT was available, I took the opportunity immediately. What I have seen shows me I was right. The exercises you’ve undertaken show excellent results, but I have been advised by the Pentagon that this Unit is to be tasked to take over some ongoing investigations, the real thing. We’re going to go conduct surveillance in the field testing our new technology! I’m hoping to have our orders within a week.” Watching the Captain respond with enthusiasm amused him; he wondered how enthusiastic the Captain would be if it was ever discovered that the orders were forgeries, and any investigation would show that the forgeries were done before the General took over the Unit! 
* * *
Sammy knew this was going to be tough for Luc and Rosemary, which is why he’d ask to meet them in their home. Amy was in university lectures and his team had her protection covered for today.
He kept his voice calm as he started his briefing. He pulled out a large envelope from the folder he’d placed on the breakfast nook table. “Here are the new reports on the spider silk, the cloth it was wrapped in, and an additional report on the sapphires.” Sammy hadn’t seen Rosemary for ages, and was sorry it had to be under these circumstances.
“This lab report is on the spider silk. This is a DNA analysis with a scientific analysis of the cloth itself.” Sammy waited while Luc and Rosemary looked through the reports. 
Rosemary was the first to ask, “So what do they tell us? My high school biology is not up to this.”
Sammy opened the DNA report to a page showing a number of charts. “The report compares the spider silk threads to web material from three other spider types. As you can see, the spider silk thread is significantly different from the other three. The lab assured me that it was different from any known spider on the planet.” While they absorbed that information he flipped to another page. “This chart shows that this spider silk is resistant to all but the strongest acids, and its tensile strength is higher than carbon fiber. I’d like a bullet proof vest made out of this stuff; we didn’t try it, but I don’t think a bullet would get through a single layer.”
He gave them a few seconds to absorb that information, and then opened a third report. “This is the lab report on the grey fabric the spider silk was wrapped in. It is a fabric like muslin, but made out of a vegetable fiber like jute. The actual plant used is unknown. The DNA sampling could not find a match in any Earth species.” Before they could ask any questions he opened the fourth report to some photos of the raw sapphires. “Further testing on the sapphires allowed us to determine why they have a different crystal structure. The result is exactly the same as if you grew the crystals in gravity that was 96% of Earth and subjected them to a heavy dose of radiation. The lab is convinced that we’re growing them on a space station.”
Rosemary looked at him intently; Sammy had always respected her intelligence and knew her mind was working overtime.
“Sammy,” Rosemary said hesitantly looking out of the window, as if she was reluctant to voice what she was thinking, “I’ve looked at everything you gave to Luc. Ferns that no one has seen before. Leather from an unknown bird the size of an ostrich. Sapphires with a very different crystal structure, which you now say is from lower gravity and radiation. Use of a language that died out thousands of years ago. And now a cloth made from a vegetable not found on this planet. I know you Sammy; you didn’t say ‘this planet’ or ‘on Earth’ accidentally. As strange as it sounds, you think these things are not from Earth, don’t you?”
Rosemary was still looking at him, so she didn’t see the intense pride on Luc’s face. “Rosemary, you have the same evidence I’ve seen. It’s what you think that’s important.”
Rosemary reached out her hands to touch the reports on the table, as if to reassure herself that they were real. “Luc?”
Luc said gently, “When Amy showed us the spider silk for the first time do you remember what she said exactly?”
Rosemary thought about it. “No. I think I was too enthralled by the silk.”
Sammy watched Luc smile lovingly at Rosemary, as he answered, “Yes, it was beautiful, enough to distract anyone. Amy said, ‘There are the only pieces of this material on this planet.’”
Sammy watched Rosemary take a second to collect her thoughts. “No! Amy has been to another planet?” Rosemary was looking at him, so he nodded. Then Luc nodded as well. 
* * *
From:   Amy La Reine
Sent:   Tuesday, 11:05am
To:   Frank, Paul
Subject:   Translation of the Book
I’m working my way through the Book. I thought you might like to read this section out of the Book. You’ll see why.
‘The prophetess stood in the center of the Great Temple Hall on Core and said
this is the vision that the One Who Tests has given me
a time of great trouble will be on the galaxy
and I saw that a council of three was anointed by the One Who Tests
and appointed by all
to be responsible for leadership
and the One Who Tests said 
of the council of three
she shall lead and care for all
a wizard shall advise and guide them
a soldier shall protect and serve them
and I also saw that the One Who Tests marked them as eight
and provided their staffs
so that those that found them would know their destiny.’
Some comments we heard on ‘the three’ fit this quote but I don’t know what it all means.
Love
Amy
“Every woman has the right to be beautiful.” - Elizabeth Arden
* * *
Amy arrived early at the White House. She'd left Simon’s staff with security; they’d been curious as to why she was traveling with it. Her answer that she’d promised a dying priest to keep it with her until she could return it to his school had sounded overly dramatic, even to her. As she wasn’t insisting on taking it into the White House, it wasn't an issue.
The receptionist had called June Pickering, and told Amy she would come to pick her up in a few minutes. June was there about five minutes later and outlined the schedule as she escorted Amy through the White House offices. They only had to wait a few minutes, and as June promptly left as the President arrived, it seemed that it was going to be only her, the President and the First Lady for the first 20 minutes! 
The First Lady was excited, blurting out as soon as she arrived, “Amy, we’re calling the new initiative, ‘Believing in People, Not Programs’ and you’re getting the credit!”
* * *
Greg Dennison was watching Director Gesasin, World Security Director for The Organization. The Director was looking out of the window over the buildings of the financial district in New York City, thinking about the report Dennison had given him. 
Director Gesasin decided, and turning to Dennison said, “Greg, Recruit General Hardisty using the FBI cover as the first option, and if that doesn’t work threaten him with the security video of him creating those falsified orders. Better a willing participant than a reluctant one. His Unit is to follow the three university students who are using the pillar, taking over from your operatives. La Reine is involved with the White House right now so her disappearance, or having her friends disappear, will get unwanted attention. We’ll have to wait. Have Hardisty’s people listen in to everything they do, intercept their email, video chats, phone calls, everything! Have our people learn how to operate the pillar if they can. All three of these students are finishing university, or the military institute in Fortezza’s case, this May, so we have time. We’ll kidnap them as they travel to the Mexico pillar in May, if we can’t do it before.”
“Yes, Sir. I’ll take care of recruiting Hardisty,” said Dennison.
* * *
Amy took the transit to downtown Charleston to do some shopping. She had a couple of hours before she needed to check in at the airport. Her plan was to fly down, buy a car in Mexico, and using that car, drive back to Duke; that would save her two days of driving. There were a few shoe stores along the street and Amy stopped to look in the window of the first store. It was hard to see what was on sale as the sunlight was reflecting off the window. The reflection was so clear that she noticed a man in the reflection, or more correctly noticed the nice crease in his pants, thinking that she might look for some wrinkle free pants if she had extra time. Amy tried a few pairs of shoes on but found nothing that grabbed her.
Amy went down the street to the next shoe store. Checking her watch, she saw that she still had over an hour. There was a sale sign in the window, so she went in. Knowing the store, she left her backpack and Simon’s staff behind the counter, and she went straight to the back where the sale items were. Checking on the shoes she noticed, out on the street, a pair of nicely creased pants. It was the same guy. She was sure. Amy wondered if he was following her.
She took the shoes to the door to look at them in the natural light. The man in the nicely creased pants turned away and looked in a store window across the street. Amy moved to the back of the store where she could look through a display at the street and not be seen. The man was watching her store again. “Drat!” she said quietly. He was following her! Now what?
Amy told herself, “Lose him, idiot!” This area was made up of buildings that were long and narrow, and backed onto a laneway. Some stores had parking off the laneway with a rear entrance for their customers, and this was one of those buildings. Grabbing her backpack and Simon’s staff, Amy headed for the back door, keeping the displays between her and the front window. Just before she exited, she remembered to put down the shoes she was holding. That would have been embarrassing! 
There was no one in the parking area, and getting to the end of the fence, she could see no one in the laneway. Amy picked one of the stores on the opposite side of the laneway with an open rear door, and ran across the lane and the parking area. After she reached the open door she saw the man following her coming out of the shoe store, but he didn't see her in the shadow of the hallway.
It was a consignment store, and Amy made her way through tightly packed rails of musty clothes to the front of the store. The cashier gave her a funny look as she headed straight to the front door, but Amy didn’t care. She looked up and down the street and didn’t see anyone running around, just dozens of shoppers. There was a bus coming down the street. Amy waited in the doorway until she could see that the bus was going to stop a few yards away. It didn't matter where it was going. She took the chance to move her pillow, which was tied on the outside of the backpack, and squeeze it into the backpack. Paul was right, it was like a flag, and this time it might be helping people to follow her!
As soon as the bus braked, Amy ran over and boarded just behind a couple of people who’d been waiting. She put in the fare and moved to an empty seat near the back of the bus, on the side away from the sidewalk.
As the bus pulled away, Amy saw the man following her run around the corner towards the bus stop. Amy ducked down behind the seat back and stayed down until the bus was a block away. Cautiously she looked out of the back window, to see the man searching the street, frantically looking around. Amy ignored curious looks from other passengers. Now what? 
* * *
His friend passed him his phone. “Hi”
“John! Thank Goodness! I need help!” It was Amy! 
“What help? Why are you calling my friend’s cellphone?”
“You used his phone to call me one time. I need you to drive me to Mexico tonight. I’m calling your friend so this call won’t be traced,” she replied.
John was puzzled with this strange call from his normally composed sister. She was supposed to be flying somewhere today. His eyebrows went up when he heard the word ‘traced.’ “Why traced?” he asked, and then added, “You’re in trouble!” 
Amy pleaded, “Yes, your sister’s in trouble and needs her brother to rescue her. I can’t tell you everything now. Borrow a friend’s car, don’t use your own. Pay cash for everything, and get lots of cash before you leave. Make some excuse so you can stay away for four, five days or more. Meet me at the building where you and your friends liked to play video games when you were eleven.”
“You mean…”
“Don’t say it,” interrupted Amy urgently. “If this call is recorded, someone may listen to it.”
John’s eyebrows went even higher. “OK, but you have to tell me the whole story.”
“Yes. Once we’re driving.”
John was interested now. “It’ll take me a couple of hours to get back to town, is that OK?”
“Yes,” said Amy, her voice showing her relief. “I may be late so just wait for me. Can you borrow a cellphone?”
John asked his friend for his car and his cellphone. “He says OK to the phone and the car.”
“Great, just wait for me!” said Amy and she hung up. 
John just stood there holding the phone for a few seconds. What sort of trouble was she in? 

Chapter 27 – Tom and Sharpie

Amy had been thinking about how she’d get to the pillar. Whoever had followed her would expect her to fly to Mexico, but when she didn’t, they could track her if she used her debit or credit card. Amy decided to hit an ATM for her maximum cash withdrawals. That would tell them where she was, and give them another photo of her, but she’d be gone before anyone got there. 
With an ATM on every block, getting the cash was easy. As soon as she was finished, Amy stepped onto the first bus that came, changing to another bus just three blocks away. She hoped that made her untraceable, except for Simon’s staff. People were looking at it. How do you hide something five feet long? 
Looking out of the bus window, her eyes were attracted to a familiar face. It was Sandspour! The red beard and hair were unmistakable, and he was wearing sandals, a plain white tee-shirt and blue jeans. What was he doing on Earth? He waved to her to get off the bus.
Amy immediately got up and joined those waiting for the next stop. The bus dropped its passengers off at the beginning of the next block. Amy walked back along the street but there was no sign of Sandspour. She checked each of the side streets and couldn’t see him. He’d waved to her so she knew she wasn’t mistaken.
She’d waited for five minutes, but there was no sign of Sandspour. Another flash of red hair attracted her eye. It was a tall young man, and what she noticed next was that he was carrying a long narrow case, about four inches wide and maybe three feet long. Her staff wouldn’t fit in something that short, but there might be longer cases wherever he had got that one. He was walking towards her. Well, there’s only one way to do this, Amy thought. She stepped in front of him, and put on a smile. “Could you help me?”
He was startled, probably at the camo clothes she was wearing, and the backpack. Stepping out of the pedestrian flow he asked, “How?”
Showing him Simon’s staff, Amy said, “I need to carry this in something. I think everyone is afraid I’m going to poke their eyes out. I saw your case and wondered what it was, and where I can get one a bit longer.”
He laughed! “And here I thought you were going to ask me for money. This case is for my pool cue. I’m taking the cue to get it refinished. The store is two blocks down this way and one block over. I can show you if you like.” Sensing she was nervous, he added, “My name is Tom Murphy; I’m part Irish, if you couldn’t tell from the red hair and the name.”
Amy considered the invitation. It was rush hour; many people were about. It should be safe enough. “That sound’s great. Thanks, Tom Murphy. I’m Amy. Lead on.” 
As they walked to the store, Amy asked Tom about his pool cue, why the case was important, and about his competitions. Tom was pleased to talk about himself, and the time passed quickly as they walked.
“That walking stick is unusual,” noted Tom.
“Yes it is, and it draws a lot of attention,” answered an exasperated Amy.
“Yes, I can see that,” said Tom, as most people passing them had looked at it. “Is it valuable?” he asked casually.
Amy only hesitated for a second before answering, “It’s one of a kind, special.”
“I think you’re right in looking for a case; there are some unpleasant people in this city. They’d rob you just for a close look at it. Here’s the store, Sharpie’s Emporium. Let’s go in,” he suggested, opening the door and shouting out, “Hey Sharpie, I’ve got a customer for you.”
It was a small narrow store with a counter cutting the lower floor in half. In the public area were displays of pool cues, balls, chalk, and pictures of pool tables with prices posted. The prices impressed Amy; she didn’t know that people spent that much on pool tables and equipment. Behind the counter was a plain blue curtain, faded in places, and through the gaps in the curtain, she could see a small workshop. An older man, perhaps the owner, stepped through the curtain; he was wearing a varnish-stained apron.
“Hi, Tom,” said Sharpie. “I thought you were going to bring her in last week.”
Amy was confused for a second until she realized that they were talking about Tom’s pool cue. Tom put his case on the counter and opened it. Amy saw that it was a two-piece cue, the two halves screwed together. She couldn’t see what needed refinishing. Sharpie closed the case and said to Amy, “What can I help you with?”
Amy put her backpack down on the floor and lifted Simon’s staff onto the counter. “This staff is getting me too much attention. I need some sort of case to hide it in.” 
Sharpie looked at her for permission to touch it. Amy nodded. He picked it up and examined the carvings carefully, running his hands up and down the staff. “Beautiful! I’ve never seen anything like it. This isn’t any wood I’ve seen. Do you know what it’s made of? Where did it come from? How old is it?”
Amy was startled, but realized that Sharpie was asking out of interest. Sharpie was watching her face intently. Amy answered, “It’s very old. I don’t know what wood it’s made of. It was entrusted to my care, but it is getting me too much attention walking in the streets.”
Sharpie asked, “Do you know what these carvings mean?”
“The symbol in the middle, the one that’s repeated around the staff, means Master Wayfarer.”
“One of my father’s notebooks includes something like this, let me get it,” said Sharpie excitedly. He gently put the staff down on the counter, and left through the curtain. They heard him going upstairs.
“Well that’s strange,” said a puzzled Tom. “I wonder what has him all excited.”
“How long have you known him?” asked Amy.
“Oh, you can trust him,” said Tom loyally. “He was a friend of my father’s; he’s been like an Uncle to me my whole life.” They both heard Sharpie coming back downstairs.
Sharpie came through the curtain and placed an old black notebook on the counter. The corners were dog-eared and the edges of the pages were yellow. “This was my father’s. He belonged to a secret society. He asked me to join it when I was young, but I wasn’t interested. It really disappointed him. Years after he died I found this notebook. I don’t understand all of it, because it’s mostly written in some ancient language.” Sharpie thumbed through the pages, found what he was looking for, and laid the open book on the counter. “This symbol is the one on your staff, and next to it, I assume, is the word for it.”
Amy looked at the book and saw that there were eight symbols on the page, similar to the ones in Simon’s journals, and a word written in Galactic alongside each one. Amy wondered where this information had come from, and only that thought prevented her from running out the door. She could run before they could lock her in, but she didn’t think they meant her any harm. Was this fate or plan? Were these people here to harm her, or to help her? 
Sharpie and Tom were watching her, waiting for her response.
Amy said, “The symbol on my staff and in your book, this one, means Master Wayfarer. For the others, I could say the words but I don’t know what they mean. The writing is slightly different from what I know.” 
Sharpie nodded as if he knew. “What language is it?” he asked.
Amy knew this was some kind of test. Tom was just looking back and forth between them, a puzzled look on his face. Amy answered quietly, “It’s written in a language used on Earth about ten thousand years ago, and the common language used in the local stars today.” Amy watched Sharpie carefully, knowing that his response would indicate if she was in danger here. His eyes dropped to the book, and his shoulders slumped. If anything, he looked sad. That wasn’t expected.
“You’re kidding, right!” said Tom incredulously. Now, that was expected.
“No, she’s not,” insisted Sharpie. “My father’s notes, at least the English part, says that the owner of a staff with these symbols will come to rescue the people of Earth. I thought it was just gibberish, something his secret society had made up. It seems my father was right, and I was wrong. Tom, I know this is hard to understand, but this young lady is from another planet, the looked for savior of Earth.”
“You’re just kidding me, right?” Tom asked, totally confused.
“No, we’re not kidding,” Amy confirmed. “I don’t know where Sharpie’s father received this information, except it’s not the whole galaxy, just maybe a few hundred planets in this area of the galaxy. Those planets are called the Isolated Planets. And we’re not saviors, we’re just here to help Earth reconnect with the stars. I’m not an alien, I’m from Earth.”
Tom just stood there with his mouth open. Amy thought he looked cute, probably just like she looked when she found out she was on another planet.
“You don’t believe me?” Amy was amused by his reaction.
Tom laughed, disbelief in his voice, “Just a few hundred planets! Well it’s just hard to believe! If Sharpie wasn’t serious about this, it’d be a joke.”
Turning to Sharpie, Amy questioned, “Now what?”
“We need to talk,” said Sharpie. 
Amy shook her head, “I don’t have time. I have some unfriendly people trying to find me, and I have to meet someone this evening.”
“How did you intend to get there?” asked Sharpie.
“I was going to switch busses a number of times so I couldn’t be tracked,” answered Amy.
“I have a station wagon, and Tom can drive you wherever you want to go. Would that give us time to talk?” asked Sharpie.
Amy considered this. “Yes, I’d like a chance to look at your father’s notebook, but I have to leave in 90 minutes. Is that OK with Tom?”
Sharpie answered for him, “I’m sure he’ll be fascinated. Let me close up the store early, and we can go upstairs.” Sharpie headed for the front door.
Amy saw that Tom was just looking at them both. Maybe he thinks I’m an alien. Sharpie locked the front door, flipped the sign to CLOSED, and pulled the blinds down. He came back to the counter and picked up the notebook. Amy picked up her backpack and Simon’s staff. Sharpie led them upstairs to a small apartment. It was neat and clean, like the workshop they’d passed through, but lacked a woman’s touch. Sharpie had them sit at the kitchen table. Through the open window, Amy could hear the traffic, but all she could see was the brick wall across the alley. 
“Have you eaten?” asked Sharpie. Amy shook her head. “Tom,” Sharpie said, “make some coffee and snacks.” Tom started towards the cupboards; it seemed this was not an unusual request.
“First, introductions,” invited Sharpie. “I’m Thomas Allen Rushton; Sharpie is my pool hall nickname. I was quite a hustler when I was younger; now I’m a respectable businessman.” That brought a ‘Huh’ from Tom, but Sharpie just ignored it. “And this is Thomas Augustine Murphy. Tom, his father named him after me. He works for one of the financial firms; I don’t understand what he does.” This repartee was not new, and the Toms smiled at each other.  
Amy was now comfortable in this scene; it was clear that Sharpie was family to Tom. She decided that as the bad guys already knew who she was, there probably was no harm in telling them. “My name is Amy Elizabeth La Reine, I was born in the USA, and I go to university at Duke. The rest of my time, I spend in learning Galactic and preparing to go out there among the Isolated Planets.”
Both of the Toms were silent. Amy could understand; it was hard for her to accept when she was actually doing it. 
“You say, ‘go out there’ very easily. It’s hard to believe,” said Tom, still disbelieving.
“Amen to that!” said Amy, taking no offense. “Let me tell you about my experiences, and something about the galaxy.  The three of us were walking on the beach when we saw a bunch of Mexican kids throwing stones at an old man…” Over the next 60 minutes, Amy gave them the story; about Frank, and Paul, Simon’s heart attack, the hospital, Simon being a priest, the campsite, their oaths to return Simon’s journals and staff to his school, the staff flying to her bed, meeting the spider kind, their trip to Ravinesedge and escaping the bandits, and now her trip to pick up Daughter and bring her to Earth. They drank coffee and ate snacks while Amy told them about her experiences, and she answered some of their questions as she went along. By the time she finished, time was almost up.
“It seems like a movie,” said Sharpie in wonder.
“Doesn’t it!” said Tom with a skeptical shake of his head.
They were both thinking about what Amy had told them. Amy realized that she had broken her oath to Simon, but she felt justified, as she was in need of help and they knew part of the story already. She realized that she owed the full story to Sally too! What about her parents?
“The sad part is that I never thought anything much of this secret society my father was in,” said Sharpie. “They must know some of this. I’m certain he wasn’t supposed to keep notes about what he knew. Dad wrote here about a book having thick gold covers and thin silver pages.”
“That’s one of the eight books we need to find. We were told that one was on Earth. Who else was in this secret society?” asked Amy.
Sharpie thought about it. “My father never even told me the name of the society. I just know that he used to take the bus downtown on the same night every week.”
Amy was looking at the notebook. “The writing in here is a bit different from the Galactic I’m learning, but I’m sure we could translate it. Can you make a copy of this notebook for me?”
“I can,” said Sharpie enthusiastically, “but I have a condition.” Amy knew her eyebrows had gone up. He explained, “I owe it to my father.”
Amy asked, softening her expression, “What condition?”
“I want Tom and I to be part of your organization on Earth,” requested Sharpie.
Amy was puzzled. “I don’t have an organization.”
Sharpie emphasized, “You will!”
Amy thought about it. “True. We’ll have to develop something on Earth to support us; it’s just that we haven’t tackled that yet.”
“When you do, and the sooner the better, I want Tom and me involved. That’s all I’m asking.”
“What does Tom think?” asked Amy looking at Tom. She wanted to get a direct answer from Tom himself.
Tom hesitated a bit. “I’m not sure. I’m not sure I believe all of this. Maybe it’s a dream and I’ll wake up. Sharpie is so certain because he has the notebook. It’s difficult to accept. If Sharpie says it’s real, I’d like to believe it. It would be cool to go to other planets.”
“It’s OK, Tom,” sympathized Amy. “Sometimes I think it is all a dream. Then I see the staff in my hand when I wake up, and it’s real again. Sharpie, Tom, thanks. I don’t know what it will entail yet, but you’ll hear from me. How do I contact you?”
Sharpie didn’t answer that directly. “I need to know who’s chasing you.”
“We don’t know, but Paul said they use the latest encrypted US military radios,” answered Amy.
“Then it could be one of many government agencies, or a well-equipped private group; that equipment is expensive and hard to get. You’re best to assume that they’re very good at what they do. I was in intelligence for part of my military service. You must stay off any telephone or cellphone. They can track calls by voiceprint and track a cellphone even if you’re not using it. Keep your cellphone powered off. The best way to communicate is to set up a new email account every week, and never use any words that will key them to you. That way you could email either of us without suspicion. You’ll need to hide that staff. Let me see what I have.” Sharpie went back downstairs.
Amy asked Tom about his work, and he described his employment with the financial clearing house in the economic forecasting section. A shout from downstairs interrupted their discussion; Sharpie wanted them to come down and bring the staff. Amy and Tom went down to the workshop. Sharpie had four old pool cue cases on a worktable. They were considerably longer than Tom’s.
“These are old cases from when single piece pool cues were more popular. The cases for the two-piece cues are too short. There are still some people using these old cases for antique cues so it won’t cause too much attention. Which one would you like? Amy looked at them all carefully.
“The brown one I think; I want to be less noticeable!” said Amy. One of them was plum red; it would be worse than the staff.
“Good choice. If you loan me your staff I’ll change the foam inside so it fits the staff.” Amy passed Sharpie her staff, and she and Tom watched him make some rapid changes to hold the staff securely. While she was watching him, she wondered what Paul and Frank were doing about traveling with their staffs.
“Sharpie, could you adapt two more cases for staffs?” asked Amy.
“For your friends? Of course, no problem; I’ve got more cases in the basement. Do you want me to change the colors?” he asked with a grin, holding up the plum colored case.
Amy grinned back. “Yes, they need to be something inconspicuous, brown, or grey maybe.”
“I can handle that,” said Sharpie. “Do you want to pick them up or do you want me to ship them?”
“With people following me, I’d better not come here too frequently. Can you ship them, both are outside the US?”
“Not a problem,” Sharpie assured her. “We ship custom cases all the time. Give me a list of where you want them shipped. I’ll destroy the addresses afterwards.”
Amy reached for a pad of paper.
“You don’t want to do that,” interrupted Sharpie. Seeing Amy’s puzzled expression, he explained, “Writing on a pad always leaves an impression on the next few sheets that can be read by other people. Tear off one sheet and write your message on a hard surface.”
Amy did as he suggested. She wrote their addresses, and she wrote a separate note to be included in each case telling Frank and Paul that she was sending them these cases to make traveling with their staffs easier. While Amy was preparing the notes, Sharpie and Tom were measuring the staff so they could adapt the extra cases.
Amy passed the addresses and the notes to Sharpie. “Send a note with each case and send the invoice to me.”
“You don’t have to pay me,” said Sharpie, insulted.
Amy smiled. “It’s OK. We have money for this sort of thing. If you invoice us, you can later just say that this girl came in, paid cash for one case, and ordered two more. You can tell them that you don’t know any more than that.”
“Good.” Sharpie was impressed. “Now you’re thinking like an agent.” 
Was that a compliment? “I don’t think I should take the copy of your father’s notebook with me. Make color copies and send it in the cases to Frank and Paul. I’ll give you notes on that too.” Amy tore off more sheets. “I’m at Duke for a few months. When I get back to Earth I’ll arrange to meet with you again. I’ll bring the translation of your father’s notebook with me. You should probably hide the original notebook in the meantime.”
“We use a bank to hold confidential papers for our clients,” Tom said. “There’s no computer record, and the bank doesn’t know the names of our clients. I’ll open an account for a Swiss shell company and use that account for you. Anything else you need securing, just get it to me using the company name.”
“What company name?” asked Amy.
“How about Q3 Partners?” asked Tom with a smile. Amy smiled back.
“Of course,” Sharpie laughed, “hide in plain sight; good idea Tom! When you call a meeting here, we’ll meet at the pool hall around the corner. Tom will point it out. You or the others can come there with your staffs in their cases and it won’t seem strange. I’m part owner and I can hold a room at the back for you.”
“That sound’s good,” said Amy. “If there are questions, we can just tell people we’re there for a private tournament.” Amy realized that a meeting place that was not at any of their homes, or other places that they might be expected to go to, would be useful. Right now, it might be that she was the only one being watched and followed, but that could change. 
“It’s time to go,” said Tom reluctantly.
“Yes, I’d best not be late. 
“You get on your way,” said Sharpie passing the keys to Tom and the case, with the staff in it, to Amy.
“Thanks for everything,” said a grateful Amy.
“Miss, it’s a pleasure,” chuckled Sharpie. “Besides you made my father’s dream come true. It was destiny.”
“You believe in destiny?” Amy was intrigued by the comment.
Sharpie smiled gently, counting on his fingers. “One, I’m probably the only person on Earth with a notebook on this secret society. Two, you stop Tom on the street. Three, he brings you here. What are the odds! Of course I believe in destiny! Someone’s watching over you.” 
Amy didn't like the idea of a destiny controlling her life. Was that why Sandspour made her get off the bus? If it was Sandspour, was he manipulating her life, and what was he doing on Earth? She just nodded to Sharpie and left; she didn’t have an answer. 
Nice girl, Sharpie thought. She was learning fast, but he wondered if she would learn fast enough to survive the dangers to her and her friends on Earth and other planets. He waited at the back door. It’d be nice if she and Tom hooked up, and smiled to himself for playing matchmaker. As they drove away he waved goodbye.
He went upstairs, saying to the ceiling with a lot of regret, “Well Father, you were right all along. It seems I owe you some apologies.” 
* * *
Amy followed Tom out of the back door and down the alley to Sharpie’s station wagon. To Amy, the thought that some destiny was controlling her life was scary. She needed to talk to Paul; maybe with his Catholic upbringing he knew about this destiny stuff. The station wagon was old but clean. Tom tapped the hood. “Sharpie uses it for deliveries all around the state. It's old, but reliable.”
Amy gave Tom the directions to the mall where she would meet John. He drove out of the alley, turning to go past the Three Corners Pool Hall. Amy memorized the name and address. They soon reached the interstate. While they drove to the mall, they talked about Tom’s university days; he had graduated in Economics two years ago. Amy told him about her experiences at the White House. It was a relief for her to talk about something mundane.
They were at the mall in 15 minutes. Tom suggested that he pull up to one side, so Amy could walk around the outside where there would be fewer security cameras. That way there would be no record of the two cars together. 
“Aren’t we being paranoid?” teased Amy.
“Sharpie would say - are we being paranoid enough!” exclaimed Tom. They both laughed. “Remember, we’re both waiting to help,” Tom added as Amy retrieved her case and backpack from the back seat.
Amy came around to the driver’s window. She crouched down to set her face even with Tom’s. “Thanks for the ride, and the support. Watch for an email from…” Amy thought of a new address, “elizabeth6388 and a phony name in a few days.” Amy hesitated, and then just gave Tom a smile.
She moved off around the mall, keeping in the parking areas, and away from the entrance cameras. She shook her head trying to sort out her emotions. She wondered why she nearly bent down to give Tom a goodbye kiss, and told herself, you’re losing it girl! You’ve only known him for two hours, he’s older than you, and this is no time for complications. Tom was watching her right until she went around the corner.
 
Chapter 28 – Mexico and Beyond

John was sitting in a car next to the mall entrance, reading a magazine. He jumped when Amy knocked on the window. He lowered the window and smiled sheepishly. 
Amy responded, “Hi! Open up the back so I can put these in.” 
Candy wrappers and empty fast food containers littered the back of the car. “Yah,” he said as he watched Amy put in the case and backpack, “disgusting isn’t it? It’s not my car. You may not believe it, but my car’s clean. What’s with the case? I haven’t seen that before.”
Amy came around to the passenger seat, and got in. “Drive east out through Farrell Crossroads before you hit I20 and head south,” said Amy. “Keep to the speed limit; I don’t want to be stopped. I’ll tell you what’s happening as we go. When we stop I’ll pay cash for everything. We’ll take turns driving. Even if we drive non-stop, I’m going to be late.”
John focused on driving while she relaxed, keeping quiet for the first few minutes. As he drove, Amy spent the rest of the afternoon telling him what had happened to her from the first time they had met Simon. It was hard for him to believe. At first John was suspicious that his sister was setting him up, but he eventually accepted that Amy was serious. 
The clincher was when they stopped at an almost empty restaurant, and Amy showed John, while they ate a meal, the pictures and videos she had from other planets and the video of her staff flying around her dorm room. 
John, at a break in her story, said, “You know this is weird. My sister has traveled to other planets. Just like the movies. One day I'll walk on a different planet. It’s cool!”
Back in the car, Amy finished by telling him about being followed, and about Sharpie and Tom, and that she was on her way to pick up Daughter. 
“That’s so cool!” said John when she was finally finished. “How’d you convince other people you’re not crazy?” 
There was no answer to that. Amy just laughed. Amy used his friend’s cellphone to send a text message to Paul and Frank; Amy’s was switched off and would stay off. The text message said, ‘followed. b careful. c u at camp. aelr’.
They drove through the night and the next day, taking turns at the wheel while the other slept. They stopped only at gas stations and restaurants away from the interstate, and used Amy’s wad of cash. There were no problems crossing the border into Mexico. When they reached San Crecerlan they parked the car at a hotel and booked a room for John. He was to use his cash to buy some clothes and stay at a motel for two or three days until she got back. 
“John,” said Amy in a business-like tone, “we need to recruit supporters. You’d be one of our first supporters. I can’t take you this time. I’m going to keep at least part of the oath I made. It’s going to take time, but one day you’ll travel on other planets, I promise that.”
John smiled. “I was your supporter before you ever asked.” 
Amy gave him a quick hug. “While I’m away I want you to consider changing what you’re taking in university. Your last two years should give you a degree that fits our needs, and it should suit your talents.” 
“Why finish university? I just want to travel to other planets,” he answered impatiently.
Amy shook her head. “We don’t need tourists; we need people who can help pull the galaxy back together again.”
“Typical!” he answered, but his face admitted she was right.
“Even Luke Skywalker took training,” Amy reciprocated.
“Low blow!” he exclaimed. They both laughed. 
It was late afternoon when John drove her out to as close to the pillar as he could get, dropping her off near the trail that went across the hilltops. Amy had stopped to buy some flowers and vase for Simon’s grave. The road through the village on the beach would have been closer but Amy thought that people might see them. 
“OK,” said Amy tensely. “Drive away at your normal speed. I’ll meet you at the hotel when I get back.”
 “Good luck, Sis!” He drove off leaving her in the dark to follow the trail down to the pillar. 
Amy spent some time ducking into the jungle, as Paul had insisted, and backtracking to ensure she wasn’t followed. The bushes tried to tear her flowers apart and Amy had to hold them against her chest. It was a waste of time of course, but Amy didn’t know that. Watchers were already at the ruins, in the jungle, using hidden video cameras to watch the pillar. 
The flowers had attracted some wasps and Amy shook the flowers to get them off. One was right inside the flower and Amy decided that one on Simon’s planet would do no harm. Amy tapped the secure code, and the normal chill moved rapidly up her from her toes to her head. This time she felt a tug on the flowers, but couldn’t tell what that was in the dark.
In the dark of the dome Amy shivered. It felt as if something bad was coming. The shiver was passing through her whole body. Just nerves, she told herself as she tapped the sequence for Simon’s campsite.
When she arrived on the pillar on Simon’s world she saw that one flower had been broken off, the flower that had the wasp in it. It wasn’t on the pillar anywhere, so it must be in Mexico. She’d tell Frank about the flower being broken off when she had a chance.
The watchers in Mexico were frustrated again; all they had seen was Amy use the secure code. They’d not been able to follow her, she had lost her tails, but they knew where she was going. None of them had noticed the flower that had slid down the dome and now lay just outside the large circle in the mosaic. An annoyed wasp left the flower and returned to its hive.
* * *
Sandspour asked, “I’m not to warn Amy Elizabeth La Reine?” 
“No, this is a test,” was the answer from the Wise One. “Amy Elizabeth La Reine is approaching a moment that will challenge her faith. She must learn Earth is different from the other planets in the galaxy and that that the One Who Tests is more directly involved in the lives of the faithful.”
* * *
Amy found Simon’s campsite just as they’d left it, more or less. The wind had moved a few things and loosened some of the ropes but it only took a few minutes to fix everything. Amy put some of the extra camping gear in the tent, and added the dome tent and cooking gear to her load. After filling her water bottles in the stream, Amy attached one sidearm to her belt and put the spare sidearm in the backpack, both loaded. Amy would take no chances on this trip, not when traveling alone. After putting the flowers and the vase on Simon's grave, Amy left to go to Desert Stronghold Two. She was anxious to meet up with Daughter again and not be any later than she was.
Stepping on the pillar, Amy put on her ball cap and sunglasses, ready for the bright sunlight on Daughter’s planet. Amy tapped the secure code and then the sequence of taps she’d memorized. Again she sensed that something bad was coming. It almost felt like a warning, that something was going to happen. Who knows?
Wind and sand hit Amy the instant she arrived at the Boat Pillar. Sand was in her eyes, nose and mouth before she could even think. The wind caught the backpack spinning her around and knocking her down, and she lost her ball cap and sunglasses as she fell. Now more sand was getting into her eyes and her hair was lashing her face. Amy realized that Simon’s staff had bounced out of her hands. It was so dark that she couldn’t see it. The air around her was so dry that static sparks were crawling over her clothes. Then lightning was flashing all around her, briefly showing her the staff. Amy crawled to the staff; the sand had already half buried it. This was a sandstorm! The last one had been twelve hours long! 
She lifted the staff to use the return code Simon taught them. Horrified, Amy remembered that this was an incoming only pillar, and she couldn’t go back! 
Amy knew the wrecked boat should be close, but she couldn’t see it. It was the only shelter for miles. Where was it? Which way? She needed to find it, or she’d die here! She’d have to crawl. Amy forced herself to work this out. If the storm came from the same direction as last time, she told herself, then the boat should be to the right as she faced downwind. Amy turned so the wind was blowing on her right side. She was crawling, so the boat should be about 30 steps, or was that knees, away. One. She was such an idiot coming alone. Two. This was going to end with her mummified corpse buried in the sands. Three. The wind was pushing her over. It was the backpack. Four. Should she get rid of it? Five. No idiot! It’s got your water in it. Six. Amy pulled her tee shirt up over her face to keep the sand out of her mouth and nose. Seven. The sand stung her waist and tickled under her breasts. It was mildly erotic. Focus girl! Eight. Her throat now was so dry that she had no spit left. Nine. Should she stop to drink? Ten. No, keep going. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Twenty-one. Had she lost count? She didn’t remember. Twenty-two. She must have been counting. The wind and sand were confusing her. Twenty-three. Twenty-four. Twenty-five. She was so tired. Twenty-six. The boat had to be here! Twenty-seven. Twenty-eight. Keep going sucker. Twenty-nine. You wanted to do this alone! Thirty. Nothing! She grabbed the end of the staff and swung it around her. The wind almost took it out of her hands! Nothing! The boat wasn’t here! Now what! She lay flat on the sand. It was easier. She closed her eyes.
“Get up idiot!” Amy croaked to herself. “You’ll die here!” Which way? Back to the pillar? Yes, that way I know where I am.
She turned herself around until the wind was on her left. One. Two. Lightning flashed all around her and her skin tingled with the electricity. Three. Four. Keep going! Five. It’s too much! Amy hid her face in her arms trying to get a dust-free breath. The dust was closing her throat. She could hear herself wheezing with each breath. I must keep going. She pushed herself up onto her knees. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twenty-five. Did I lose count again? No, I was counting. Twenty-six. I’m exhausted. I need to rest. Twenty-seven. Come on girl, three more. Twenty-eight. Two more. Twenty-nine. One more. Thirty! Made it. 
Everything was covered by sand. She tried to clear away some of the sand to find the pillar, but it blew in faster than she could push it away. It was so hard to breathe. She lay down with her face surrounded by her arms. It didn’t help. She was exhausted, and Amy knew that if she didn’t hold on she would just choke and die right here.
Which way? If she chose the wrong direction, she would die. If she did nothing, she would die! Which way?
She got up on her knees and turned downwind. That was her guess, but was it right? She was so tired. She laid herself down in the sand again, hiding her face in her arms, trying to breathe. The wind pulled at her, threatening to roll her across the platform. Another thirty steps! She didn’t have the strength!
“God help me!” Amy groaned through clenched gritty teeth.

###

End of Book 1

The characters and events depicted in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.



The adventure continues in the second book of the Council of Three series, Keys by Doug Plamping – now available from eBook retailers.

Book 2 in the Council of Three series sees Amy, lost in a sandstorm, saved by the One Who Tests. It seems that on other planets God is more directly involved in the lives of humans.
Amy meets a baby alien that she is to take to Earth. That seems to be a condition of their travelling from Earth into the galaxy. The baby alien spider is already four feet across from claw to claw and growing! They aren’t given an option to say no.
Returning to Earth, Amy takes the baby spider to university with her, hiding it in her dorm room. Babysitting an alien turns out to be a full time job. Someone takes a movie of the spider, and it only gets worse after that. Amy discovers that a baby spider is the least of her troubles. The staff that the old priest gave her is changing her physically; she heals faster and has more energy, but it gives her strange dreams and nightmares. Also, the criminals and the government watch and follow her, and the criminals have decided to act. 
Warned by an alien, Amy runs from the criminals but she is stopped, kidnapped, drugged, and tortured for her knowledge on how to travel to other planets. She is to be killed, but the government rescues her before that can happen. Unfortunately the government decides to lock Amy, Paul and Frank up and throw away the key! Given powers by the staff, which is now talking to Amy in strange two word sentences, she uses shields to escape from the seventh floor of the hospital where she is being held.
Paul and Frank are warned and escape capture. Now they all have to travel across the US without being found by the criminals or the government, but they only have 48 hours to get to their rendezvous. Once they’re together they still have to get off Earth. Unfortunately, the military have occupied the area around the pillar, the only known way off Earth.
Add to those troubles, aliens think that Earth is the most dangerous planet in the galaxy, and propose to do something about it !!!

Information on published and upcoming books by Doug Plamping is available from the author’s official website at www.plamping.com/books.html and books can be obtained through Smashwords.com and other select, online book retailers, and are available for the Kindle, Sony Reader, Barnes & Noble Nook, iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch.

Connect with Doug online at:
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/DPlamping
Blog at - http://dougplamping.blogspot.com/
Twitter at - http://twitter.com/dougplamping



Doug Plamping has recently taken his writing hobby to the new level of published author. Step on the Sun is his first book, with two other books in the Council of Three series (Keys and Journey) published, and the final book of the series, Return, being prepared for publication. Doug has been a science fiction and fantasy fan since he was a boy growing up in the United Kingdom. A Canadian for 40 years, he enjoys rural living north of Calgary, Alberta, and spending time with family and friends.

Last, but not least, thanks to my loving and patient wife Cherie, family, and friends, for their support and suggestions in the writing of this book.
