




Copyright 2018 by Hylton Smith 
Smashwords Edition

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping or by any information storage or retrieval system.
Certain characters and locations in this story are based on real events.
The remainder is a work of fiction, in which the names, characters and incidents are products of the author's imagination. Any resemblance therein to persons living or dead is entirely coincidental.
The views expressed in this work are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the publisher, Promethean, and the publisher hereby disclaims any responsibility for them.
Chapter 1

October 2036

James Sullivan glanced at his watch as he approached the shoreline. He was annoyed. Why had he allowed his neighbour to talk him into helping to replace a few roof tiles by holding the ladder in a secure position? It was only supposed to take half an hour, but had overrun by forty-five minutes.
His faithful friend, Axel – a four year-old black and gold Alsatian, also seemed to be on edge.
Hanna had passed away within weeks of being diagnosed with a terminal brain tumour at the tender age of thirty-one. James was still in shock and felt utterly rudderless. After they married, he was happy to move from London, where they first met at university. Having both graduated and taken up employment in the renewable energy sector, they became sceptical of the UK government’s policy toward climate change and decided Hanna’s birthplace was a better place to work and consider starting a family.
To the north of Kristiansund there were many peaceful villages within commutable distance, most of which offered the slower paced life they craved. Everything was going so well when Hanna began to complain about irregular but severe headaches. After constant appeals from her husband she saw a specialist, and within days, she was admitted to hospital, by which time she had suffered frequent bouts of loss of balance and fainting. The worst possible fears became reality when James was told the tumour location meant it couldn’t be removed, even by the most advanced laser techniques available. Targeted medication was the only option and it was commenced immediately. Hanna insisted on knowing the full story and seemed to take everything on board with outrageous pragmatism, unlike James, who simply could not accept the situation. He made frantic enquiries throughout the world for any treatment which might be considered, rather than total reliance on the invisible workings of complex drugs. He hadn’t slept for three days when he received contact from a consultant in the Czech Republic. His new-found joy wasn’t diminished by the hefty cost of the process, he just wanted the man to examine Hanna. Devastation ensued as the appointment for this medical expert to travel to Norway couldn’t be for another six days. Hanna drifted hour by hour into a comatose state as the medication failed to halt pressure building in her cranial cavity. She died without uttering another word, two days before the Czech specialist was expected to arrive.
Rawness and reflection continually ousted one another during prolonged periods of sleepless nights, as James wrestled with staying in Norway. He felt it would amount to betrayal if he left, but the prospect of triggering images of Hanna smiling at him whenever he closed his eyes in that house brought on palpable fear of losing his mind. He determined to walk with Axel along the same route every evening as he’d done with Hanna, in an attempt to rid himself of making a precipitous or calamitous decision.
The tide was at an all-time low, making it easier to walk along the narrow strip of sand at the foot of a rocky outcrop. Just as he rounded the point he noticed the outline of someone coming in the opposite direction. He and Hanna had never seen another soul out walking in the encroaching dark since they’d lived in the village. As the silhouette drew closer he realised it was a young boy, perhaps twelve or thirteen years old. 
James had not yet acquired much confidence in speaking Norwegian and certainly struggled with the local dialect, yet he ventured a basic greeting. The boy, to his relief, was able to respond in English.
“Yes, hello. Who is the dog?”
“Axel, his name is Axel. It’s quite late for you to be out walking alone.”
“Yes. I will be in a problem when I get at home. But I found something, come, I can show it.”
“Wait, what have you found?” said James, quite surprised that Axel had seemingly taken to the boy. That was unusual.
“I cannot explain, you have to see it. Axel can help – I think.”
They walked together toward the distant lighthouse without any further conversation. Abruptly, the boy said excitedly, “There, that one. That is it.”
“That is what?” queried James, “what am I supposed to see?” Axel became a little unsettled, protesting with a low-pitched growl.
“It is a new rock, that one most far in the sea. The flat one.”
“Oh yes, that is a new one. The tide is so low tonight, and I’ve never noticed it before. Is this all you found?”
“No, you stop talking and look, it happens again when you ask me questions.”
“What happens again?”
“I am counting. Just look to the rock.”
Within around thirty seconds James saw the red glow come and go. The boy looked at him smiling cheekily and asked, “Why is the rock doing a trick?”
James looked around the entire area as they counted down to the next glow. Then it hit him. The intensity of the glow was triggered by the lighthouse beacon. The synchronisation was undeniable.
The boy was a little disappointed and Axel was still grumbling while pulling on his leash.
“What is your name?” asked James.
“Karl, who is your name?”
“I am James, listen, you found this rock and I think you should report it. I can walk you home to tell your mother and father about it and call the lighthouse. They should inform the coastguard.”
“Ok, will I get a present for it?”
“Maybe, I suppose it depends on what it is. You might become famous.”
“Famous, is it good – famous?”
“It can be. Let’s go now because the rock will soon go back under the water.”
James took several photos of the event and saved the coordinates. Axel had to be dragged away from the scene, the growl turning to a pleading whine.
A strange feeling ran through James’ mind. Something he’d not felt since the funeral. Even if this was nothing more than a distraction, it felt good to have something tangible to aid his measured approach to the crucial question of whether he would return to the UK.

*
Karl’s family were already out looking for him and his father’s anxiety visibly evaporated as the two groups approached each other. James was able to quell any hint of disobedience on the part of Karl by embroidering events ever so slightly. Apologising for not being able to converse in their language, he suggested they should not delay informing the lighthouse of the find. The tension receded quickly and the call was made.
However, a new tension was created as the news spread through the village and beyond. Theories grew by the minute. From Norse gods of the sea, through unexploded Nazi mines, to foreign espionage monitoring. Everyone seemed to think this was the most exciting event in the history of the village.
It was all cut short by the arrival of the coastguard hover pod at daybreak. As information on the event had percolated up the decision-making chain, one of the environmental scientists postulated that if the red glow was due to reflected incident white light from the lighthouse, it could indicate the rock was potentially radioactive. In fact, this turned out to be the explanation for the appearance of the high tech hover pod. While tests were being carried out by this pod, on an object now several metres underwater, the debate raged over which body of authority should take command of the entire investigation. Also, with global communication having advanced so much since the millennium, other countries were muscling in with advice. As always in such situations, the panacea is to form a committee. At the other extreme, there was a real danger that Norway could be deluged by peeping toms from all over the planet. Unless of course it all turned out to be something like a rear stop light from an old vehicle having made its way from another country and got stuck on its way to the Aurora Borealis, crashed and then eventually absorbed by the sea. There were many possibilities.
Theories and hypotheses gradually began to die on the vine as the initial test results filtered in, yet this did nothing to diminish the temporary fame of the boy who discovered the red warning from the sea bed.
The hover pod reported a relatively weak but indisputable level of radioactivity. The next most important finding was a little confusing. Scans and X-rays implied that there were remains of a disc-shaped object, firmly embedded in the rock’s outer casing, which was determined to be mostly pumice. This release of data kick-started speculation again. Pumice was often considered to be formed as volcanic dust gathered and cooled. At least it explained how the lighthouse beam could reach inner parts of the rock. The labyrinthine nature of the pumice had been eroded over time by the sea, giving clearer access. 
Within forty-eight hours, the media circus arrived in town, and it was twinned with a battery of temporary cabins appearing at the scene. Fortunately, the access by foot was limited by the tide, but that did not stop divers, both professional and otherwise breaking the cordon during the hours of darkness. The cabins were inhabited by scientists charged with dating the entire group of rocks, of which there were many. This exercise turned out to be a game changer.
Whilst the surrounding rocks contained the normal evidence of stratification due to climatic events, such as sedimentation, vulcanisation, tectonic interaction and fossilisation, the glowing rock was different. Radiometric dating checks were repeated again and again. The disc shaped object inside the core of the pumice shell was several hundred thousand years old. This was going to be difficult enough for governments around the world to handle, without the additional discovery that the radioactive source was from an element as yet never found naturally occurring on the planet, or indeed having been fabricated in the entire span of human history. As theories arose and collapsed, the process of censorship began. Apart from a few world-renowned archaeologists, the inner cordon was now populated with officials of multiple government denominations, mostly Norwegian, but sprinkled with a mini-united nations from elsewhere.
Karl’s fame would never be totally eclipsed, but the focus had shifted as to whether this was a unique rock or there were others.
Meanwhile, James had almost become an adopted family member in Karl’s clan. He had a new anchor point and got on particularly well with Karl’s father, Lars.
“Will you go back to England now, James? It seems that our village has been invaded by the whole world. We don’t like it.”
“Well,” admitted James, holding back a mountain of emotion, “this is going to sound crazy, but I finally decided to stay. This invasion will pass, but a few weeks ago, the light of my life went out, and I just couldn’t cope. When I bumped into Karl and he led me to the rock, somehow a light came on again. Look, I’m a scientist, a realist, so this is nothing to do with religious or supernatural beliefs. If I’d never met Hanna and lost her here in this village I’d never have known about the rock. I just feel I owe it to her to find out everything I can about it. It will be like doing it together with Hanna, that’s all. I don’t know why but I have to do this.”
“That is not crazy, James. It is what makes us different as humans. And you have a family in this house to help you. You know that, I hope.”
“Thank you, Lars. There aren’t many people I could have talked to about this. I really mean that. I can’t explain it any other way than it’s the only thing I can look forward to.”
“Of course, and your big problem will be the ways of government. Exactly how the Norwegian people will react to keeping back information is not clear but we will help. I have friends who know things they are not supposed to know but they are not suspected because they are just humble farmers and fishermen. What could they possibly understand?”
Chapter 2

As the complexity of the investigation burgeoned, decision making became inversely diminished but more authoritarian. Such a drift towards censorship fuelled a storm of protest, not just by Norwegians, but across the globe.
The archaeologists however, had but one concern – that the rock was protected and placed in the care of experts, even if that meant overseas. The newly formed multi-national steering committee had initially endorsed this as the way forward, in other words take the rock to the best facilities available rather than the converse. Demonstrations filled the streets of all major cities in Norway and persisted until there was a climb down which conceded the find should remain on the sovereign soil where it had presumably spent the last few million years. In just over twenty-four hours the rock and its surrounding stones had acquired the status of sacred ancient burial artefacts.
Lars was quick to summon James.
“I believe you will have to go to Oslo to continue your quest.”
“Why Oslo?”
“My sources tell me that is where the object will go. The politicians still think we only work with our hands. It is a convenient cover for us. Any person of sufficient intelligence can become a hacker. We know that Oslo is preparing to receive ‘a parcel’.”
“In that case, Lars, I need to understand as much Norwegian as possible, and only you and I must know that. I need to be capable of eavesdropping because I don’t speak the language. Will you teach me?”
“Of course. We can walk and you can learn as we keep an eye on things. We should begin today.”

*

The strategy of freeing these stones from their cocoon of pumice was both elaborate and destined to cause a further breakdown of trust. Dropping a submersible well offshore which was capable of extracting the stones from the sea bed, via a diver in the small hours seemed on the face of it to be the best covert option. In terms of getting them out of the water and into a canister offering optimum temperature and vacuum controls, was indeed quite an elegant approach. The flaw resided in the perceived stealth which could be guaranteed. A former flourishing fishing village had nets and alarm systems which were still in place, but assumed to be non-operational. The ‘authorities’ failed to realise that there were always people who would not let old technologies die easily. Like vintage cars, some fishermen with time on their hands kept systems going without renewing official permits. They didn’t have to do it for a living any more, it was purely to preserve the passion accumulated over a lifetime.
All hell broke loose when the villagers marched to the cordon at three in the morning, brandishing lit torches to intensify their anger. They used these to light a beacon on the cliff face which could be seen by neighbouring villages, and they had been primed to pass on this bona-fide evidence of catching government employees red-handed. The underhand way in which elected members of the government had turned a blind eye to the duplicity of the multi-national committee was seen as betrayal. As any bush fire spreads, this one did so with a scathing ferocity of public condemnation. What could not be undone was the extraction of the objects. What was definitely going to be targeted was the hierarchical structure of the unelected quango involved in the sub-plot to deceive the entire population of Norway, if not the rest of the world. Lars, whether by guesswork or inside knowledge, had been proved correct. The glowing stone seemed to be on its way to Oslo.

*

James was busy packing everything he might need in Oslo when he noticed how quiet Axel had been in recent days. A flush of guilt descended upon him. Axel’s unconditional love for James had recently been unrequited due to the commitment of his master to his obsession with the rock. James had even forgotten to ask Lars if he’d look after the dog while he was away. There was also another favour he had to address. He set off immediately to rectify his oversight.
“Lars, please say no if it’s a burden, I forgot to ask if you’d look after Axel for a while. Sorry, but I can’t take him with me to Oslo.”
Lars burst out laughing and James perceived this as a good natured refusal.
“You must have special powers, James. Karl has pestered me continually about this. I told him that you and Axel were never going to be separated and it broke his heart. I should offer you a drink for proving me wrong. When will you leave?”
“Well, you had me worried there for a moment, there’s nobody else I could leave Axel with. I’ll take the drink, but I have another request. How will I be able to keep up my lessons to learn Norwegian?”
“I had already thought about this. I will send you children’s short stories in Norwegian audio format and you can translate them, then send your English version back to me and I will correct them. Children’s stories are best, we never know who can intercept our exchange.”
“I always seem to be saying thank you, Lars. One day I hope to return all these favours. I’m leaving tomorrow morning so I’ll contact you when I arrive. Apparently, the stone is being transported to Oslo tomorrow evening, so I want to be there when it arrives. After all the lies, I expect the arrival to be thoroughly scrutinised by the media, but I want to be there to see it.”
They shook hands just as Karl opened the door, having returned from school. His face broke into a broad grin when he saw Axel lying comfortably by the log-burning stove. “Is Axel here to say goodbye?”
“Yes,” said his father, parading a sad face, “to say goodbye to James, but only if you promise to look after Axel as if your life depends on keeping him safe.”
Karl nodded enthusiastically and cuddled the dog before hugging James. The departure was highly-charged with unspoken gratitude and mutual respect, almost as if the separation was to be permanent, especially when listening to the muted whining of Axel.

*

As he took his seat on the six o’clock early bird train to Oslo, James was going through a reality check. The unease intensified when his breakfast arrived and the waiter asked if he preferred espresso, flat white, or some other concoction he’d never heard of.
“Flat white,” he muttered dispassionately, then added, “and some water, not carbonated – plain water.”
Staring out of the window, watching the countryside flashing by, he drifted into a subliminal place. 
‘What the hell am I doing? Me and my breakfast hurtling along to a big city. What can a simple punter expect to achieve in the face of lockout by the government, let alone the secret service? Even if I knew why there were two agendas, being economical with the truth and blindsiding the proles at the same time, where do I begin?’
His thoughts drifted to stuff he did understand. In terms of technology he was savvy, and he had connections. Focussing on this first step, he would make the acquisition of such equipment a top priority. He began to smile, then had difficulty in resisting the urge to laugh out loud. His lone wolf vow to track the investigation of the stone was taking the form of a silly computer game. Here he was on a train in the dark, foregoing his normal routine. He always took care of ablutions before taking a shower, then had breakfast. But here he was engaging in a dangerous ‘soldier of fortune’ quest, sweaty and unwashed.
His disgust turned to fantasy. The first humans who abandoned hunting and gathering in favour of agrarian culture at least did so in groups. The world was a huge unexplored place back then, and remained so until technology cut swathes through this concept in a relentless fashion. Technology, yes, - in some ways, the planet could be held in one’s hand, a mobile phone, without which social media would not have emerged so ubiquitously. A perfect example of unforeseen uses of technology was how a small middle-eastern group could fight an asymmetric war with world superpowers and hold their own for a number of years. He put this down to the increasing influence of chaos, something which was anathema to governance. Because of unregulated travel by more and more people, the transport of hidden infection was unwittingly unbridled. He and his breakfast, together with his need to defecate, sneeze or sweat even more, were heading from the sticks to a veritable swarm of unprepared censors. Technology, hiding himself in plain sight, understanding Norwegian without speaking a word of it, and support from the village mafia were his only tools. Every challenge had at least one element of general relativity – Einstein had a lot to answer for. However, his strongest motive was the loss of Hanna herself, he wasn’t going to succumb to a mental breakdown and wallow in self-pity. It was something she’d have been proud to do with him. It really was a no-brainer, it was the era in which the individual could achieve disproportionate impact.
Back to reality, the train had just passed the halfway point and he suddenly had company. A man sat opposite him after checking his ticket with the booking slip on the seat. Not long after this man had settled down and plugged in his mobile device, he reacted to whatever he was watching and despatched a mouthful of Norwegian profanities.
“I’m sorry, I’m English,” replied James, “I’m afraid I can’t speak Norwegian.”
“Ah, then do you not know about this business of a stupid rock they found in a small village?”
“Oh, yes I have been following the story. Has something happened?”
“You could say that. We are wasting time and money with rocks when we need thousands of roads fixed. Some local idiots in this village have been protesting yet again, marching right through the official cordon around the area. Apparently, they carried no weapons, but threatened to take the object from the authorities before it was sent to Oslo. It is nothing but blackmail, they want money to allow this rock to move to the capital. The authorities should let them throw it back into the sea and give them nothing.”
“Mm, I think that’s exactly what would have happened in the UK. What do you think will really happen in Norway?”
“It is always the same, they will bend with the wind. Some money will change hands under the counter and the people in Oslo will waste more money just looking at a common stone from the sea.”
James let this wash over him. Lars must have known this polarisation of views was going to happen, but he hadn’t mentioned it. He must have had a reason for that. His thoughts drifted back to technology. He took out his phone and began researching the status of the 2033 Mars colonisation project. He knew roughly how the habitat area had spread to accommodate over a hundred people, but he had lost touch with the latest areas of progress in terms of self-sustainability. He wanted to know how the Exo-Cortex Version One was doing. The device was no bigger than a mobile phone, but it still had to be connected to a port behind the ear which in turn was physically linked to the wearer’s neocortex. Apparently, the surgical procedure was less intrusive then a sex change operation. The next version was reputed to be heralding a ‘wireless’ connectivity, but it required more risky brain surgery to fit the modification which would render the external port redundant. Being able to transmit terabytes of data directly into a human brain was a phenomenal advantage in terms of short-circuiting a learning phase, but there had been ethical concerns. Not least of all, the need for a delete and undelete facility. It was thought by many that this was Asimov’s ‘I Robot’ being licensed by stealth. It wasn’t quite as dramatic as the wonder of the Star Trek transporter system for moving a person thousands of miles in a nanosecond, nevertheless it was a giant step into the unknown. He was certain that some such gadget would be needed to keep up to speed with the truth rather than the rhetoric.
His experience in the renewable energy business could be a gateway to some expert who could bring him up to speed on the concept of Exo-Cortex Version Two. The web was the best anonymous starting point. Blogs, forums and compulsive egocentric individual posters would be well into a subject like this. But, ethics was a real concern to James, meaning that he wouldn’t share any potential pirated knowledge of such technology. These thoughts weren’t a plan, more a reflection of his need for distraction from bereavement. The carriage display in the train was flashing notice of imminent arrival in Oslo.
Chapter 3

James’ first priority was to buy an unregistered mobile and contact Lars. Sitting in a café near the train station, he needed to know where in Oslo the stone was likely to be delivered before booking into a hotel or renting a room from which he could observe comings and goings.
He sent the message and took in more caffeine while he waited impatiently for more information. It finally arrived over an hour later.
‘The egg is ready to depart. No idea where it will hatch. We are able to say more about the age. When it was first reported that it was several hundred thousand years old it was thought that meant two or three. It was not true, now we are told it is at least fourteen million. The reason given for the first report was intended to reduce any panic around the world. Look into it yourself.’
James was stunned by this revelation. He knew that Homo Sapiens was thought to have become a separate species about two hundred thousand years ago. But further back than that was hazy to say the least. When he followed Lars’ advice and checked it out he realised why this was such a bombshell.
The Ape superfamily diverged from Gibbons around fifteen to twenty million years ago. Then African Great Apes separated from Orangutans fourteen million years ago. Australopithecus and other extinct bipeds, including Chimpanzees parted from Gorillas eight to nine million years back. Humans and Chimpanzees separated between seven and a half and five and a half million years ago. This stone was older than any truly sentient being in human history. His mind raced and he was startled by the notification beep of a second message. After reading it he sensed why this was a separate communication.
‘The object inside the stone is said to be perfect disc. It has levers of some kind placed at noon, three o’clock, six o’clock, and nine o’clock. Marks also exist exactly central between the levers, example – between noon and three o’clock, the mark is at one and a half. I am told that it is generally agreed that the object itself is hollow. We cannot be certain it will stay in Oslo, but we also hear that more experts from around the world are on their way to Norway. Our best guess is that wherever it will rest in Oslo, it will be under heavy guard by the secret service. If that happens we will not be able to send you so much reliable information.’
James’ first reaction to this message was to ask Lars and his people to relax until the stone had definitely left the village and all media attention was shifting to Oslo, allowing the village to return to its former ‘remoteness’. Then the villagers should consider searching for another stone. James couldn’t believe that something as significant as this didn’t have a back-up.
Despite the huge investment by those charged with keeping the destination of the object secret, including laying false trails, the media had outmanoeuvred the authorities. Like sniffer dogs looking for drugs, a sample had to be offered to the olfactory lobes, in this case a bribe which was too big to refuse. The hares also underestimated how many hounds were out there from all over the planet. This baying mob must have gathered close to the place the stone was to be kept. 
Such serendipity was welcomed by James even though it meant he had to meet the obscenely inflated price to rent a tiny one-room vantage point. Apart from the cramped space, essentials such as cooker, sink, bed, TV, and refrigerator were shoehorned into positions which left very narrow routes of access to all of them. Only one window provided light and was adorned with curtains offering a only a dank aroma. 
Even with their cover somehow blown, the experts began the transfer of the stone, in its metallic lead shielding, to a makeshift laboratory in a privately owned genetics research company building. Surely this meant they were looking for DNA? Had they already managed to open the disc-shaped object? This perplexed him. It didn’t sit easy with him because of the discrepancies regarding its age. First they’d said it was several hundred thousand years old, then according to Lars, this was corrected and placed at around fourteen million years. James equated DNA with living things, but he was pretty sure there weren’t any humans strolling along the Norwegian coast fifteen million years ago. Perhaps the first statement was the correct one.
He suddenly became conscious of the approaching termination of his paid bereavement leave. In just under a month he’d have to return to Kristiansund or quit his job. The life insurance together with the savings that he and Hanna had accumulated wouldn’t last long in a technology-led foray into this political intrigue. There was the house, but it might take months to sell. He began wondering if he could land another job in which he could avail of more specific access to the protected information he would need. Erring on the side of caution he decided to contact his co-worker, Jens. He was the one person in the tech sector he felt he could trust. 
“James, how are you, man? I didn’t want to contact you until you were ready…”
“Yeah, I know. Listen, I have to come back to work in twenty-three days, but I’d like to shoot an idea past you.”
“Ok, great, so are you coming to Kristiansund?”
“Not yet. I want to stay in Oslo for at least a few more days. Could you make it here anytime soon?”
“Oslo? What the hell are you doing there?”
“I can’t talk about this on the phone. My head is still not right, but I’m getting there. Just think about it please.”
“Well…ok, but let me see… maybe I could get there at the weekend. But it would only be a day trip, I need to be back here on Sunday.”
“That’d be fantastic. Take the train, don’t come by car. I’ll meet you at the station. Let me know your arrival time when you have your pass. I really appreciate this, Jens.”
“No sweat, but hey, are you sure there is nothing wrong? You aren’t going to do something stupid are you?”
“You know me so well, I’m always thinking of doing stupid things, but I’m not going to throw myself off a bridge if that’s what you mean. See you at the weekend.”

*
The arrivals in terms of both personnel and equipment delivered to the genetic laboratory was nothing short of interminable. James took photos of all the incomers and most of the crates, from his bolthole before they were sent to the warehouse. Then he returned to his laptop. The nagging doubt about the real age of the stone and the disc inside it, persuaded him to get up to speed on the history of the Norwegian coast with respect to tectonic influence. What he dredged up amazed him, so he had to bear in mind that evidence could be subject to interpretation, and he kept searching for ‘generally accepted’ views. Nonetheless, it was still mind-boggling.
‘400 million years ago Norway was apparently situated in what is now known as the tropics. With time, Norway slowly moved northwards towards its present-day high-latitude position.’
The footnote to this threw up an intriguing suggestion.
‘The motions of Earth's tectonic plates over millions of years has caused Norway to move around the surface of the Earth. Several hundred million years ago the area now forming Norway found itself at equatorial latitudes, where tropical conditions led to an abundance of organic materials. During the Jurassic period much of this organic material gathered on the sea-bed, leading to the hydrocarbons found offshore today.’
Another site corroborating this claim actually went on to something equally significant.
‘Using global plate models we can track the location of Norway through time, and we can visualize the plate tectonic history of Norway and its interactions with other continents. In the geological past, Norway was separated from Greenland by the Iapetus Ocean. This ocean closed by subduction leading to the collision of Norway with Greenland around 425 million years ago. The collision formed the Caledonian Mountains in Norway and Greenland, which continue into the Appalachians of North America. Repeated extension periods since the Carboniferous era finally led to the opening of the North Atlantic Ocean around fifty-four million years ago.’
Running these claims through his head over and over again, he tried to formulate plausible reasons as to how the object came to be where it was found. If it was purely exposed by erosion since it was placed there it had to be after the Atlantic Ocean existed. If it really was fifteen million years old and not as old as four hundred million years, it could not have been transferred through tectonic subduction. James felt pretty sure that it couldn’t really be so ancient. He had to find out more about the period between the two official claims, those being two hundred thousand and fifteen million years.

*
Lars had news for him. The message added another dimension to the puzzle.
‘Opening the egg did happen before it was sent to Oslo. My friend says it confirmed there was an unknown radioactive material inside the pumice shell. But there was also a type of etching on the disc itself. It was insect-like in structure but it had six normal legs and two smaller legs. They decided to refer to whatever it was as an unknown arthropod. At least it shows it was not just a symmetrical rock worn to that shape only by the sea.’
The break in his train of thought to read the message from Lars served to remind him that perhaps the key to pinning down the age of the object might lie in the age of its encasing material, the pumice. The disc couldn’t be more recent than the pumice. He switched his attention to Norway’s volcanic history and its inhabitation by species capable of carving, locking, enclosing a radioactive substance and a strange depiction of a possibly extinct missing link in evolution.
A new trawl didn’t clarify the actual age of the disc, but did at least rule out certain possibilities.
‘The history of Norway has been influenced to an extraordinary degree by the terrain and the climate of the region. About 10,000 BC, following the retreat of the great inland ice sheets, the earliest Hominid inhabitants migrated north into the territory which is now Norway They travelled steadily northwards along the coastal areas, which are thought to have been warmed by the Gulf Stream, where life was more bearable. In order to survive they fished and hunted reindeer and other prey. Between 5,000 BC and 4,000 BC the earliest agricultural settlements appeared around the Oslo fjord. Gradually, between 1500 BC and 500 BC, these agricultural settlements spread into the southern areas of Norway - whilst the inhabitants of the northern regions continued to hunt and fish.’
So, unless it was prior to the ice age, it seemed highly unlikely that any sentient creatures resembling humans would have placed such an advanced artefact where it was found. Correlating this with the volcanic data wasn’t the finger-busting chore he anticipated. Other than volcanoes under the sea along the Norwegian coast, there was scant evidence of any other activity which could have so completely enclosed the disc in the periods given by the experts. Of course, in prehistory many events which took place above the sea could now be submerged. James felt this was the only acceptable way the pumice could have been formed around it. For the time being he merely accepted that the damn thing existed and it was too much of a stretch to believe that early Hominids could have sculptured such a complex artefact, muttering to himself, ‘We aren’t talking about cave paintings here’.
Back to his surveillance, he switched off the room light, sat down, and was surprised to see what he was pretty certain were the Norwegian, German, French and UK prime ministers being delivered to the genetic lab under the cover of darkness and dozens of security personnel. If he needed any convincing to stay on the case this did the trick. He decided to venture into the street. Using the rear fire exit and circling around to the main road he joined a small group of spectators and witnessed the scanning of personnel who were entering the building. Presumably the security forces were just checking that those requiring access to the building were who they said they were.
James, together with other interested Oslo inhabitants in his little group were politely moved on by unarmed but uniformed officials, however, there were lines of armed military personnel forming an inner cordon. The real surprise for James was the almost total lack of baying hyenas from TV and press organisations. He couldn’t be certain, because of his scant knowledge of the language, but he thought he heard one spectator say the Norwegian prime minister was expected to brief the media in about fifteen minutes. Maybe that explained the significant queue of people being scanned.

Chapter 4

Everything James had dredged up, together with the way things were unfolding at the genetic lab, convinced him of the importance of searching for another radioactive stone.
This time he called Lars rather than sending a cryptic message.
“Hello, James, I was going to send you a message, so it is good that you called me.”
“Right, I just wanted to explain why I think we should begin looking for more stones.”
“You do not have to explain your reasons now. The whole circus has left the village, except for a group of about seven people. They are all wearing protective suits and we don’t know who they are, or even if they are men or women. They arrive like that and leave still wearing the suits. Everyone in the village is becoming afraid there is something dangerous they are looking for.”
“Mm… where exactly are they searching?”
“Along the whole shore, almost to the next village. We can recognise some of their equipment which looks like metal detectors, but they have a lot of other stuff as well. Maybe you should see it for yourself. They refuse to talk to us.”
“Ok, I’ll think about that. My own hunch is that there is more chance of finding other stones offshore. The one Karl found was just recently uncovered, probably by more extreme tides of the sea. The polar ice caps are almost gone. Would some of the retired fishermen be willing to take me offshore to check something out?”
“I’m sure they would, at least they would believe you are trying to help us. Will you need to go under the water yourself?”
Probably, but only if my hunch is correct. Anyway, I need to get hold of some equipment before I come back to the village. I’ll let you know when I’m ready. I still think you should keep an eye on what these people are doing and keep me up to date. It would also be worth taking Karl and Axel with you. They can’t stop you from walking your dog, unless they are willing to tell you why.”
“Good idea, James. I will be in touch tomorrow.”
“Great. It seems that a statement is expected soon from here. Several heads of government have arrived, truckloads of equipment have been delivered, and a screening process set up for other arrivals, most probably the media.”
James’ thoughts back-flipped to the days of the European Union, because he wondered why just Germany, France and the UK had seen fit to invite themselves to Norway. During the reign of unelected commissions and courts of justice in the Euro Bloc, this unilateral intervention would never have occurred. Currently the old single market ‘concept’ survived but, virtually all federalist ambition had died a painfully slow death. He couldn’t figure out why more nation states weren’t represented, particularly other Scandinavian countries.

*

James had been able to do a preliminary recon of the rear of the genetic lab. There were two external elevators and most of the equipment crates were being hauled to the upper floors by this facility. All of a sudden the work stopped and the personnel disappeared inside the building. James quickly checked his communicator and saw that the anticipated statement was due to start in twenty minutes. He hurried back to his room rather than draw attention to himself by watching proceedings on his phone.
The TV was not state of the art but thankfully it was in working order, so he settled down to digest what was said, and just as importantly what was not. The traffic noise quickly fell silent and even the front entrance of the lab was no longer so heavily policed. The broadcast was in Norwegian with English subtitles, so James kept his attention on the latter rather than lose semantic nuance by trying to decipher what the speakers actually said. The presenter quickly sketched in the order of things.
“Our prime minister will speak first in order to cover the latest findings and what will happen next. The overseas prime ministers will then outline the support they are able to offer. Following that, media representatives will have a period of time in which they can ask questions. Finally, the Norwegian prime minister will provide a summary of the future security arrangements required.’
The Norwegian prime minister looked decidedly nervous for someone so practised in saying only what was considered essential in order to head off more awkward questions.
“Welcome to this briefing for everyone interested in the discovery of an ancient stone on the shores of Norway. Relics of this type have to be handled with utmost care so that it enriches our heritage. This includes bringing in overseas expertise to assist our science people. Making a mistake with such artefacts can mean their long term relevance is denied to our descendants. There are no short cuts to unravelling the images on this disc, so the information extraction will take as long as it takes. This object has been claimed to be both over two hundred thousand years old and over fourteen million years old. This is a perfect example of how premature reports can lead to false conclusions and then suggest the wrong way forward. I can allay any concerns regarding the overseas heads of government having undue leverage in where the disc will reside for the foreseeable future. They are here because they can offer access to equipment we currently do not have. I will now ask them to outline what kind of assistance they will offer to provide. Thank you”. 
The German Chancellor stepped up to the microphone.
“As soon as we heard about the stone being found and an approximate dating of it we contacted the Norwegian prime minister to offer help if it was welcome. I wish to stress that this is only in areas of expertise which you feel you could benefit from outside your country, in either scientists or analytical equipment, or both. We have gained much experience by being involved with the Mars 2033 project and this experience is open to the Norwegian people if needed. Thank you.”
Next it was the turn of France. The President ascended to the raised platform. 
“The same principle applies to our offer. Recent developments in synthesising theoretically feasible radioactive elements may be something we could assist with. This is offered because of the statement made that the radiation source in the disc was possibly not of earth origin. Thank you.”
The UK prime minister followed his two female colleagues and was quick to stress the more humble help he had to offer. 
“As many of you will know, the United Kingdom has invested considerable effort in research of historic undersea mines from our industrial past. We now have vast amounts of data which typify the northeast coastline which faces Norway. If it is found worthwhile to compare deep undersea stratification composition of our two coastlines, we are ready. This may be significant if more such stones are found. This of course assumes you are going to increase efforts to search for them. Thank you.” 
The Norwegian PM returned to the podium as the audience murmuring increased dramatically.
“I will now try to answer any questions regarding the overall process of continuing to investigate the properties and origin of this disc. However, if the question requires a complex technical reply, we have many of the world’s leading experts with us. So, I ask those individuals to join me now and then the questions can begin.”
Eight people took their seats behind the PM and the questions began to flow. 
“Petr Holm, Oslo Tribune. PM, are you saying this disc will remain on Norwegian soil or will it leave our care?”
“Good question, Petr, I very much want the disc to stay with us here, and that will be the case unless there is specialised equipment required to conduct essential tests, and that equipment is too big to move. For example, if we had to put this artefact in something like the Hadron Collider in Switzerland, it would be stupid to deny ourselves crucial knowledge about it.”
Next in line was a science correspondent from Norge TV.
“Why is there such a discrepancy in the true determination of the age of the disc?”
“If you don’t mind I will ask Professor Sarah Fawcett to explain.”
The head of archaeology from Cambridge University addressed the question.
“I can see how the media presentation has caused so much confusion, but the matter is very straightforward. The main body of the disc is indeed over fourteen million years old. This is not a precise figure because we used radiometric analytical techniques and we believe there is sporadic interference from the radioactive content inside the disc. When the contents were removed from the hollow disc, we have a clearer indication that the disc itself is in fact nearer hundreds of millions of years old rather than tens of millions. The contents of the disc themselves have now been more accurately dated as around two hundred and twenty thousand years old. The most fascinating aspect of our results is that there appears to be an invisible ‘electronic’ connection of some kind between the disc itself and its contents. This connection varies in intensity with distance of separation. This is why we need different kinds of tests to find a valid explanation.”
An eerie silence fell over the gathering and a pause in the questions ensued until a Swedish journalist broke the aura of contemplation.
“Ursula Magnusson, Sweden Today. What, if anything, have you found out about the image of the insect inside the disc?”
Another ‘expert’ stepped forward.
“This does tie in with what Professor Fawcett mentioned. There is a connection we do not yet understand. All we know so far is that if we shield the image from the radioactive source it changes. Taking the image further away displays what seems to be earlier versions of this insect-like creature. Intervening with different levels of lead shielding gives a more precise ‘slideshow’. It looks like a portrayal of evolution. I say this because the size and proportions of the head and thorax alter relative to one another, and the segmentation alters, sometimes but not always changing colour. The implications of this are not understood but we will now determine if exposure to radioactive elements found here on Earth produce similar results.”
The import of this brought questions to a standstill until someone shouted from the back of the room.
“Enrico Gordini, TV Milano. Are you saying this object is some kind of message from our ancient past?”
The proceedings were brought to a halt by the Norwegian PM declaring that speculation was not why the conference had been called. However, there was another question on everyone’s lips which didn’t get asked.
James switched off the TV and his thoughts drifted back to what the UK PM had not said. His own experience in the renewable energy sector had a clear message in it. There was absolutely no future in mining coal whether it was opencast, deep drifts, or undersea. So, why had the research actually been authorised? They must have found something which had not been made public. He found that slightly disturbing but turned his attention to his own distillate of the conference. He still wrestled with the disc being inside a spherical stone which was itself completely enclosed in pumice, which should have come from agglomeration of volcanic dust which was spewed out above sea level. The charting of Norwegian volcanic activity, however, showed nothing which fitted with this hypothesis, but did suggest coastal underwater seismic activity was common back when the contents of the disc must have been placed inside. Also, this rumbling under the waves was still going on at the present time. Enough for now. He was expecting Jens, his co-worker, tomorrow and anxiously awaited another message from Lars.
Chapter 5

The message finally arrived. It wasn’t quite what James expected Lars to report.
‘The police have threatened to arrest us if we persist in walking along the shore where you found the stone. This is not the village police constable, they are from a special squad who report to Oslo. When Karl asked why we could not just walk further on and climb the cliffs at a point near the lighthouse he was told it was not safe. I asked how it could not be safe, because I had walked this stretch at least once every day of my life. The answer was that the men in uniformed protective suits were trying to answer that very question, and until they had, it was off limits. Axel was barking the whole time, even when we turned back for home. Not at the police, at the men in the sea.
‘Anyway, better news for you. I found two ex-fishermen who agreed to take you out to sea, but you need to find your own diving equipment as there is nothing of that kind in the village. I have a feeling these Oslo police officers will block even the fishermen from approaching the location where the stone was found, but the fishermen can put out to sea from the next cove and pretend they are coming in from deep water. Let me know when you will come’.


*

Jens was on time and they repaired to a coffee bar to discuss what James wanted to do. At first he thought it was all a joke, then he didn’t really want anything to do with James’ plan.
“These things have to be logged out and in, James. What genuine reason do you think I can give the company for helping an employee to second guess government programmes while he’s being paid during his bereavement?”
“Ok, ok, then I’ll come into work to discuss my resignation. I’ll steal the bloody thing myself and you don’t get involved.”
“Look, James, I want to help but you surely can’t expect me to break the law based purely on your conspiracy theories.”
“I get it, Jens, so forget the Geiger counter. Let’s move on. In my files there are hundreds of reports on the surveys of the entire Norwegian Sea coastline. They were compiled for the tidal and wind turbine programme. Can you get into my work computer and send them to me electronically? It won’t cause a problem, they’re pretty much redundant anyway. Here’s the password and you have my personal mobile, so it will look like I took them myself. Can you do that for me?”
“Sure, but listen, I’m not trying to be awkward, this is a really hot potato from what I’ve seen on TV. You need to watch your back. What was the other item you wanted to discuss?”
“I don’t think you want to know. I need an in-depth rundown of the Exo-Cortex technology. I know our company looked into it just after the Mars mission took off. An analytical power like that would be a real asset. I guess that’s out of our league anyway.”
“As far as our own research is concerned you’re right. Leave it with me, I follow lots of tech programmes on the net. If I find anything I’ll let you know. Now, can we go for a beer and talk about real life rather than James Bond shit?”
“Yeah, that’s a great idea. Thanks for not pressing me on why I’m doing this, Jens, because I don’t really understand the urge myself. It’s just instinct which tells me that Hanna would have wanted to get to the bottom of this saga, in the event of information being withheld by the top brass.”
They parted on good terms and James returned to his crumby room. His plan was beginning to fall apart but he wasn’t about to fold. He called his immediate boss in Kristiansund and fixed an appointment to discuss his return to work. As he finished the call, he spotted a familiar face coming out of the genetic lab. What in hell was he doing in Oslo, never mind at the lab?
Garth Docherty had played on the same rugby team with James at university. The last time they spoke his friend was angling for a job in I.T. with one of the big players. This was strange in itself because Garth had graduated in geology. James decided to follow him at a distance until they were well away from prying eyes. His quarry eventually entered a small bistro. James watched intently for a few minutes when a young lady arrived and sat at the same table. Unsure what to do, James decided not to overthink the situation and just strolled into the place, asking for a window table. Almost as he took his seat he heard his name called.
“James, bloody hell, James Sullivan, what are you doing here?”
Turning, and full of feigned surprise he replied, “Doc! I don’t believe it. How long has it been, man? Ten years?”
“More like twelve actually. Where are my manners? Alexandra, this is an old carthorse who thought he could play rugby. James, come and join us, this is my wife to be, I hope, if she’ll eventually say yes.”
“Oh come on,” replied James, “I don’t want to intrude and make a bad impression. It’s a risk – you know me, Alexandra doesn’t.”
“At least have a beer with us, then maybe we can meet for a catch-up tomorrow.”
“Ok, are you staying overnight then?”
“Maybe a lot longer. Alexandra wanted to see Norway and came out for a few days. She’s going back tomorrow.”
“Right, well I suppose I can’t make a really lousy impression in the time it takes to scoff down a beer and sandwich. Pleased to meet you, Alexandra.”
“Likewise.” That was all he got in return. Garth suggested they meet at his hotel after six in the evening the next day.
In order to make sense of the jumble of recent conversations, he headed back to his pigeon loft. Lying on the bed, he began with the diving gear he needed. Oslo was awash with shops selling or renting such stuff. He did a quick check on his finances and took stock of other things he would have to expense. Buying the basic level kit with cash would certainly be the best way to be untraceable. No name, no electronic trace and no receipt – it could be anybody. He still had to wait for Jens to ping through the undersea coastal mapping, but he could check on that when he attended the appointment with his boss in Kristiansund. The revelation at the conference that the disc and its contents were of vastly different ages didn’t come with any attempt to explain why, yet he sensed this might be the most important clue so far – if it was true. Then he remembered why this had popped into is head again. It surely had at least part of the answer as to the role and identification of the radioactive element inside the disc. But wait, did it have to be a raw element? Could it be a compound involving more than one element? There were multitudes of examples of this, a notable one being mercury. The liquid elemental form was used as a purgative for soldiers during world wars. However, virtually all known compounds of mercury with some other element, such as chlorine were extremely poisonous, and yet chlorine was used in swimming baths. It was worth a shout. He needed to speak to someone with serious expertise in nuclear power plants. The good news was that employees of these plants, being competitors of Kristiansund green renewable energy, regularly attended the same seminars as he did. They were precisely the right people to target, they’d had to handle both Uranium and Plutonium over the years. As he was ready to quit his job anyway, he’d be perceived as a potential source of information exchange. A secret poker game.

*

When he arrived at Garth’s hotel, his friend was speaking to someone in reception. This person was dismissed quickly, and Garth motioned James to join him.
“Sorry about that, another bloody emergency. Anyway, let me get us a coffee.”
They found a quiet corner seat in the deserted library and Garth instantly asked, “When we met in the restaurant, I told you what I was doing here, but what about you?”
“It’s a weird story, Garth. I got married to a Norwegian girl and we both wanted out of the UK rat race, so we came to live in Kristiansund. We both worked in the renewable energy sector, so it was easy to get a job here.”
“And when do I get to meet the lucky lady?”
“Well, that’s the thing, she died a few weeks back. Needless to say, I’m still marooned in grief. I couldn’t sit in that empty house with her gone, so I came here to get away from everything we’d shared. I’ve cleared my head a bit but I’ve also decided I can’t go back to the company we both worked for. I’m resigning tomorrow.”
“Jesus, I’m sorry, James, I always manage to put my foot in my mouth. Does this mean you won’t stay in Norway?”
“I haven’t really thought things through properly. First I’ll stay, then I change my mind, then I don’t know. Anyway, if you have an emergency we can cancel until another time. Is it serious?”
“Well, yes, but these people keep drawing erroneous conclusions and then backtracking. I suppose there’s no harm in telling you. You remember I dumped my science career and went into I.T?”
“Yes, has it all gone wrong?”
“No, the opposite. Every company with any future has I.T. running through its veins these days. I worked for an outfit which produces kit to draw conclusions from morasses of data, saving a fortune in people costs. It’s called ‘Logic Strata’, displaying comprehensive prioritisation based on facts first, management gut feeling second, and speculation nowhere. I soon decided to set up my own company and go solo. It didn’t take too long to make an impact on small businesses, and I was then offered a consultancy by the UK government. That’s why I’m here, at this conference. I’m advising their experts on modelling what we’re likely to find based on what we already know about this stone the kid found on the beach. You must have heard about it.”
James was dumfounded. “Err…oh yes, everybody seems to be talking about that.”
“Well, I have to go back shortly to hold their hands on something new which has come up. They shouldn’t be surprised, I more or less predicted it. It’s more to do with how to handle it.”
“Right, well, like I said, if you’re going to be here for a while maybe we can meet up after I deliver my resignation tomorrow.”
“That’d be great, and it would make up for Alexandra’s sharp exit, she was really pissed about that. Sorry, that was a bit insensitive, James. What was your lady’s name?”
“Hanna. It was an incurable brain tumour. I should have pushed her more than I did to see a specialist a lot earlier.”
“Yeah, life’s full of ‘if only’ moments, hindsight can be a cruel taskmaster. Anyway, give me a call when you get back to Oslo. We need a real night out, not grabbing a few minutes here and there.”
“Sure will, I hope you solve the riddle of that stone thing. I heard there is a possibility it might leave Oslo if deemed necessary.”
“Don’t believe all that you hear, James. I couldn’t possibly comment. But seriously, what gets said is the tip of the iceberg that is bobbing above and below the water. What is known is the trickiest part to handle.”
Chapter 6

The meeting in Kristiansund was convivial. James’ boss was sympathetic to his predicament. He made it clear that if more time was required to reflect on the decision, a sabbatical of some kind could be offered, in a different location. He obviously didn’t want to lose a valued employee.
James gazed out of the window, his eyes filling up with salty drops. “I loved working here, that’s one problem, and then adding to that, Hanna loved it even more. It turns into multiple problems. I admit it’s entirely an emotional hurdle, but it might well take a lifetime to get past it. I’ll never overcome it. I thank you wholeheartedly for your offer, but I think we should move on to talking through severance terms, which are fair to both the company and myself.”
“I guessed that would be your final decision, James, and I want you to know that I fully appreciate why a clean break would be best for you. I’ll draft a severance document and send it on to you. Do you want it to go to the address we have on file or to where you’re staying in Oslo?”
“The latter would be best. Thanks again.”

*

He took the opportunity to detour to the village and speak with Lars and Karl. He also felt he needed to see Axel. When he arrived and the hugging rituals were over, Lars seemed concerned about something.
“Let us have some pastries with coffee and then we can take a walk.”
That was agreed, much to the relief of his wife, Maya. James had met her several times but somehow their conversations had always been a bit one-way. Maya didn’t engage in small talk. She was content with answering questions, to which a nodding or shaking of the head, and displaying meaningful facial expressions, would eventually precede a yes or no response. She’d obviously got used to Lars being out and about. There was also the language, she wasn’t confident when trying to speak even the simplest words in English. So, it was a surprise when she said to James, “Lars has problem. You go away.”
“Maya,” shouted Lars, “leave this to me.”
Karl put Axel on the leash and was first out of the door. James and Lars followed a few metres behind and said nothing until they reached the shore, where Karl let Axel run free and then set off in pursuit.
“James, pay no attention to Maya. I know why she is scared but we have been there before. The police thugs from Oslo threatened Karl and me when we refused to turn back from walking Axel close to the men in the protective suits. Last night, half a brick came through our living room window. We cannot just let these people dictate our lives, but Maya is worried about Karl. So, I will take him to my brother’s place for a little holiday. Axel will stay here.”
“No, Lars, I can’t allow you to put your family at risk just to allow me to follow this charade. I’m going…”
“Wait, please. The local police constable has also been threatened. Our little mafia group is one hundred percent agreed that we have to keep looking for information. There could be something which threatens the whole village and its people that is being kept from us. However, I am sorry to tell you that the fishermen have decided not to provoke the Oslo police by you diving close to the men in their protective suits. We will still send you information when we can, and you will help us by doing the same in Oslo.”
James thought carefully about this before responding.
“If I read you right, Lars, you’re going to continue to do things the way you have been, regardless of whether I pull out or not. Am I right?”
“Definitely.”
“Fine, I just needed to be clear on that. Now, can I ask whether you, Karl, or anyone else have seen light aircraft or helicopters circling above the guys in the protective suits?”
“Mm…not winged aeroplanes but a couple of helicopters have hovered over these men several times. We assumed it was to deliver equipment as they were really low.”
“Not necessarily. They could be imaging the sea bed in different spots because the men have found something. If that’s the case, it’s not such bad news that the fishermen have backed out. I need to look at different ways of doing my own search without alerting the Oslo gestapo.”
He informed Lars that he’d quit his job in Kristiansund and would be staying in Oslo for now. Axel ran toward him with Karl close behind and James explained that he would appreciate the dog staying with the family a bit longer. Karl turned to his father.
“I can still go to the house of my uncle, but not with Axel. So, I stay here in our village.”
Lars knew the boy didn’t want to go anyway, and he promised to speak with his wife about it. James left on the next train. Just as he took his seat he received a message from Garth.
‘Call me when convenient, I might have to leave town for a couple of days’.
He rang the number immediately.
“Hi Garth, is it a bad time to talk?”
“It’s ok, but I’ll have to be brief. I didn’t want to cancel our night out, but that might have to wait. There’s been an almighty cock-up and I need to put out a fire, metaphorically speaking of course.”
“Oh, no problem. Just let me know when you’re on your way back. I sorted out my severance with my employer and now I can take in some of the culture in Oslo.”
“Good luck with that, mate. Listen, I couldn’t mention this when we spoke last time but there’s more work here than I quoted for and things are getting a bit tetchy with the government liaison retard. Now that you are a free agent, do you want to make a few quid by helping me out? Unofficial of course to begin with. I’d have to get really thorough security clearance to offer anyone a pucker job. I choose my own people but they have to be vetted by the home office and the spooks. Off the record, you could run a few errands for me while I’m away to help me catch up. Good money and no tax, interested?”
“I…I’m not really conversant with I.T. stuff, Garth. Thanks for the offer but…”
“I know that, but you have a better technical brain than I do. This would only be picking up stuff and delivering it to someone I’d tell you to, and at both ends, I would make sure you were expected. All you need is your passport as proof of who you are. No sweat if you have other stuff you want to do, but it would help get me out of a bind.”
“Fair enough, can we do this by phone and messaging?”
“Sure, I’ll send you the first one later this evening for collection and delivery tomorrow.”
“Ok, what else do I need?”
“I’ll register you at the entrance and reception of the genetic lab, and you need to go there first. They’ll check your passport and do scans and stuff, then you’ll be given a personal security level one clearance card. Then go and collect the first item I send you. I assume you can find the genetic lab, it’s…”
“Yeah, I know where it is. I’d better go there straight from the train.”
“Great, I owe you one mate.”

*

As he stared blankly at the landscape rushing by, James tried to visualise how this could help him. It could be a godsend or a colossal mistake. Even as a mere delivery boy he’d be under serious scrutiny. However, earning a squeaky clean reputation of reliability and punctuality, together with an apparent lack of interest in anything but getting the items signed for, could go a long way to earning uncomplicated acceptance. Prying into precisely what these items were, could only be considered when he knew he had been fully ratified by the genetic lab security people – all of them. He also replayed the conversation with Garth in his head. He must have been chosen simply because of the urgency. There couldn’t be many British citizens residing in Oslo, let alone graduates who could be vouched for unequivocally by his friend. A ‘foreigner’ would have immediately raised questions from the UK liaison officer.

*

The nerves were jangling despite James’ strenuous effort to banish any apprehensive behaviour which could draw attention from those checking his passport. The external heavies had a list which they consulted via a tablet. After a couple of swipes there was a nod, and he was directed to the ‘tunnel’ just inside the atrium. 
“Take off your jacket, please, and step on to the plate.”
What resembled a laser light show of numbers and words flashed below his feet and this triggered a VDU to display either ‘clear’ or ‘anomaly’ in various columns of the spreadsheet. His were all green except one. James felt his pulse racing but stood perfectly still.
“You have metal in your right leg. Step down please. Do you have an explanation?”
“Yes. I broke my leg playing rugby when I was a teenager. The bone was shattered just below my knee. I had to have part of the bone reset with the aid of an alloy. If I remember rightly, it was mainly Titanium together with some Stainless Steel. Because it was close to the knee joint itself, some extra reinforcement was advised.”
“And you can use your leg as normal again?”
“I can, and I have, but I was told at the time that I must avoid jumping down on to hard surfaces from great heights, like parachuting, that is not recommended.”
“Very good, Mr Sullivan. Please go to reception and they will ask you to provide more information for your security clearance.”
The questions ranged from past and current addresses to employment history, and finally he had to sign an agreement of non-disclosure of any tasks or related activities arising from his deliveries to the genetic lab or any other location from which he made collections.
James was asked to wait in reception until his plastic security card was fabricated. While he casually made mental snapshots of the various offshoots and department names, a message notification vibrated. He didn’t look at his phone, deferring that until he was clear of the building. Twenty-five minutes later, his name was called and he was handed the card together with a lapel badge which had to be worn at all times when inside the building.
It hadn’t been quite the sweaty palm exercise he’d feared, nevertheless he was glad to be back in his pokey room. The message was from Garth, asking about his accreditation status, and giving him the address of his first pick up the following day. For some reason he’d thought they would all be local deliveries. This one was just beyond the outskirts of Oslo, in the direction of Bergen, and required a large, sturdy commercial hire vehicle, which Garth had already booked for him. Apparently, it was waiting for him to pick up, a short walk away from his room. There was no description of the ‘parcel’ other than its dimensions, which would have been much too big for a car.
Rather than risk getting snarled up in the morning traffic, he decided to pick up the transit vehicle immediately. Garth had stressed that the ‘parcel’ itself had to be collected and delivered on the same day. He was just about to switch off the TV when he unexpectedly caught sight of Garth, who was seemingly taking part in a debate. He turned up the volume, and was infuriated with himself for having had the TV on mute. All he caught was the host announcing that they would have to leave it there until the evening bulletin slot.
Chapter 7

The parcel was more like a cubic metre of concrete than a courier package. It had to be fork-lifted into the back of the van, and pushed well forward to balance out a safe centre of gravity. James also noted that there were multiple closure labels, stating that the packaging was embedded with tamper-evident devices. He realised that this chunk of whatever it was would have to be delivered to the rear of the genetic lab. He wasted no time and drove back with utmost caution. He was really curious as to what Garth might say on TV, and he cursed under his breath because there was no recording facility on the cheap, decades-old screen in his room.
Mercifully, the traffic was lighter than expected and he arrived at the entrance of the genetic lab with around forty minutes to spare before the debate was due to resume. He presented himself at the front entrance and was waved through to reception. Handing the paperwork to the lady behind the desk, he was asked to take a seat.
“Is my van causing a roadblock where I’m parked? I’m new here, this is my first delivery.”
“It should be ok for a few minutes. The security guards will tell us if it has to be moved. Someone will come down to reception to inspect the delivered item and guide you to the unloading station.”
He opted to stand near the door, in case another vehicle needed to pass his parked van. The last thing he wanted was to be asked for an explanation as to why the packaging wasn’t exactly in pristine condition. The minutes ticked by agonisingly slowly and he struggled to remain calm. Finally, a thin young man exited the elevator and approached him, demanding the paperwork. After perusing several pages of arse-covering language he eventually found the relevant text he was looking for.
“Ok, let’s go. Drive around to the goods-receiving dock and we can inspect the item before unloading.”
“Sure.” said James, casually, “do I have to reverse back to the side street?”
“You are new here, I thought I had never seen you before. No, we go straight ahead and I will guide you from there. You are English then?”
“Yes, but I live in Norway.”
“Fine, but your hands are not those of a delivery driver.”
“No, this is a temporary job for me until I can find suitable new employment.”
“What was your old job?”
“A technician in Kristiansund. Renewable energy.”
“They fired you?”
“No, I had to quit. My wife passed away. We both worked there.”
“Oh, I am so sorry. My name is Bert, so if you need help to settle in, ask for me. Ok, left here, and left again, then we can see the unloading dock.”

*

It took another sixteen minutes for the inspection to gain approval and Bert said he could take it from there. James hurriedly parked his van close to the block which housed his room, ran up the stairs and entered his unlit room. The debate was apparently just about to begin, as the host was introducing the participants.
“Can I come to you first, Mr Van Der Vere? Earlier today you claimed that the authorities investigating this stone was nothing more than a self-serving clique. I believe you actually used the words – ‘unelected censors, acting on behalf of the few rather than the many’ – strong words indeed. I think some clarification is necessary for ‘the many’ you claim to represent. Some facts perhaps?”
“According to the government sponsored people, facts are proving very difficult to find. Perhaps they meant difficult to handle. However, I did come across some which have been withheld.”
“Good, would you be so kind as to enlighten our viewers?”
“Gladly. One of my sources informs me that the investigating committee already know that the contents of the disc could only have been put there by sentient beings. That in itself is interesting, but there were no such Hominids in this part of Northern Europe at the time the contents were put inside the stone. The contents being the disc and a radioactive source. Perhaps someone from the committee can offer an explanation.”
“That is intriguing,” said the presenter. “So, Mr Docherty, as one of the people involved in the investigation, would you like to comment?”
“It’s Dr Garth Docherty actually. My role is in employing I.T. analysis to whatever information is discovered. We run across many types of information, indisputable facts, possible facts, and plausible explanations, all of which we process. However, we don’t deal in fantasy. Can I ask Mr Van Der Vere where his source resides, and how he came by the information he received.”
Der Vere responded aggressively.
“I don’t see what this has to do with my question, but it’s typical of what I’m complaining about.”
“I see,” retorted Garth, smiling, “well I did a little digging myself since the earlier debate. Your source is from the internet and posts from Nigeria. You see, our systems suffered a hacking attack, but only to one section, before we shut it down. It’s fortunate that hacking isn’t just a one-way process and we locked out this person pretty quickly. The part he quoted to you was a section called ‘correlation coefficients’ or in layman’s terms – possible or probable explanations. The higher the coefficient derived from number crunching the relevant factors, not necessarily facts, the more valid it is that there is a link is to a possible or probable explanation. What you are claiming is that some amateur cyber buddy of yours has plucked out one unproven postulation which we must include as we go forward. Nothing more, nothing less. We have to cover all bases, but we aren’t in the business of stampeding people toward dry water wells. What you hypocritically haven’t said, is what the postulation was, you just implied something, hoping that innuendo would enhance your grubby reputation. So – I’ll tell the story, the one which can be supported by piecing together facts which in themselves suggest many possibilities. One of which illustrates your attempt at auto-suggestion, that the contents of the stone were placed there by some long-forgotten or extinct species we never knew existed. But you want to go further, don’t you? Suggesting that it could involve some alien species, which may have left markers of their presence on Earth at some point in its history. Rather like the beacon message sent out into space by humans, decades ago. However, there are many other factors, not facts, which we are juggling with as we speak. Maybe your source could look into them, but he or she won’t find a way back into our system without completely burning their own.”
The host jumped back to Der Vere, but his stuttering riposte was littered with profanities, resulting in a hurriedly implemented commercial break, during which Garth stood up and left the studio. James was confused by Garth’s response at first, but on refection maybe not so much confused as intrigued. His friend had chosen deflection rather than outright denial. Perhaps there was indeed more information held back than released. At least this debate, which Garth hadn’t mentioned to him, did explain why a delivery man vacancy had been conjured out of the mist so quickly. Their next chat would be interesting.
His phone vibrated and gave notice of a new message. It was Lars.
‘James, please call me when you have a moment.’
He responded but the call went to voicemail. In the middle of cooking a vegetable lasagne, his mobile ringtone pulled him from the kitchen to the dining table – considerably less than a metre away.
“Hello Lars, I did try to call you back, what’s…”
“James, I am so sorry. Axel has been shot by those bastards from Oslo. He’s not dead, but the animal doctor is not too optimistic. Can you come back, please?”
“Oh, no - not after Hanna! I…I just…what the hell happened?”
“Karl and I were walking along the route we were instructed to by those morons a few days ago. When we thought we were past their restricted area, Karl let Axel off his leash. He immediately turned around and ran towards the men in the protective suits. He has never done that before, and now Karl is devastated, blaming himself. I cannot get him to come out of his room except by taking him to see Axel. The strange thing is that when we came back from the animal doctor, the Oslo police and the men in the suits had all gone. There is nobody left here, or any of their equipment. I don’t know what to say to you, James. Did you say you cannot come back?”
“No, Lars, I was just protesting at losing another member of my family. Of course I can come. I’ll be there tomorrow. And tell Karl it wasn’t his fault, we all have to just go and see him as much as we can. Do you think Axel could benefit from a different doctor? You know, a second opinion?”
“In my mind, no, I know this lady very well. She will not give us false hope, but Axel is in safe hands.”
“Ok, see you tomorrow.”

*

He immediately sent a message to Garth.
‘I have an emergency back in the village, but I can perhaps do one delivery tomorrow. Sorry about this’.
The reply was instant, Garth called him back. James’ voice was a little unsteady.
“Hello, Garth. It’s just something I err… well, I might lose… another friend. There’s been a shoot…shooting and…”
“Christ, is there anything I can do to help, James? Forget the deliveries.”
“No, it’s something I have to do alone. It won’t take more than a day, I think. What the hell am I saying? I don’t know, Garth.”
“Listen, at least let us meet up at the genetic lab right away. You definitely don’t sound right. Maybe I can get you there quicker if that helps. Let’s meet and chew it over.”
“Ok, call me when you arrive.”
“I’ll be there in ten.”

*

James wandered aimlessly back and forth outside the lab until Garth pulled up in his car. 
“Hop in,” said his friend, “I know a quiet little place nearby.”
Without a word James complied, merely gazing blankly at the road ahead. Within two minutes Garth pulled into the car park of a dimly lit bar. There were only a couple of others in the place, and Garth acknowledged the barkeeper with a nod. 
“The usual for me, Stig, and… what do you want, James?”
“Uh, nothing…sorry, I mean a coffee please, black.”
They sat at the end of the bar furthest from the other two customers and Garth spoke first.
“So, can you talk about what happened? Someone was shot, you said.”
“Yeah, not a person, my dog. Not a person but it feels like a person.”
“Oh, shit, I misunderstood, I already made enquiries about getting you back there by helicopter. So, I guess we don’t need that now.”
“You were going to fly me back now? Tonight?”
“Well, yes, I thought it might be a relative or a co-worker, or a neighbour.”
“Hey, I’m sorry, I should have said it was Axel. I’ll just drive there early tomorrow and see what the situation is. The Oslo police shot him while a friend was just walking him along the shore.”
“Aha, near the guys searching the sea bed?”
“Yes, how did you know that?”
“I have to know everything about this bloody stone, James. I can find out exactly what happened. Leave it with me. Listen, I’ve been thinking, this situation with the stone is going to get a whole lot more complicated. Would you consider working for me in a different capacity?”
“Well, I was going to ask you about the TV debate, but working for you doing what?”
“Taking care of my back. There are people who want to cause protests over the way the investigation is handled. Mostly from the outside looking in, but there is evidence that some insider, maybe more than one, is leaking information to the media. And that information is not always accurate. I need someone I can trust, I mean really trust. For example, I can tell you one reason they could have shot at your dog.”
“I see, no actually I don’t see. Ok, go ahead enlighten me.”
“The guys in the water found another stone. I’m telling you this in the strictest confidence. Only a handful of people know this. I know I can trust you, can you reciprocate that trust?”
“On what you’ve just told me? Of course. But I need a bit of space to think about becoming an amateur spy for you, Garth. Let me deal with what happened back in the village and you’ll have my answer the day after tomorrow.”
“Fine. I’d actually hoped I could hear your decision about this position sooner, because the window of opportunity is closing rapidly. Oh forget it, the day after tomorrow is good enough for me.”
Chapter 8

The reunion with Lars and his family was an emotional affair. James couldn’t help noticing that although Maya didn’t come out of the kitchen, she couldn’t hold back the tears. She acknowledged his presence with a nod and gestured that she was preparing a meal for them.
Lars was unusually stoic, a side to him that James had never seen before. Karl, however, was utterly distraught and repeatedly apologised for letting Axel off the leash. James lifted the boy up, pulled him close, and held him tight while whispering in his ear, “Axel sometimes has a mind of his own, Karl. Even I can’t always persuade him to behave how I want him to. He just followed his curiosity, and we know he had done this many times before, barking and growling at those men. I know for sure, Axel will not blame you for what happened. I came back today to find out why these men shot at him. It was their fault and not yours. Will you help me to make Axel well again?”
The boy nodded, brushing his tears from his eyes, almost managing a smile. “How will we help him?”
“First, we must go and speak to the animal doctor and see what she can do. It’s not quite the same as for people, who get free treatment, we must pay for animals. I’ll tell her that I want the very best she can give for Axel. And of course it will help him to know that you are going to see him every day.”
Karl seemed to perk up at this renewed hope that the dog could be saved and hugged James so strenuously that both of them fell to the floor. Lars helped them up and gruffly said, “It is time, we must go.”

*

The Vet ushered them into her office. 
“I must stress that I can only give my best opinion about the condition of Axel. He has had a restful night and he is not worse than yesterday. But he is still in danger. He has opened his eyes sometimes but not too much. I have to give him sedative when he cries. The next forty-eight hours will decide whether he can overcome the effects of the operation I had to perform. He has lost blood from the shooting and from my procedure. I am waiting for new blood to come from Oslo, but they cannot tell me exactly when it will be here.”
James asked if he could help.
“How could you help?” replied the Vet.
“I have a friend in Oslo who has connections. It’s worth a try. If I call him, perhaps you can give him the details of the canine blood Axel needs and see if he can do anything to speed up the process.”
“I see, well, if you think he can do this let me speak with him. They can only say no – we have nothing to lose.”
“Thank you,” said James, with a mixture of hope and uncertainty, “I’ll call him now. And then can we see Axel, please?”
“Of course.”
It took four attempts to get connected to Garth.
“Hey, James, I hope this isn’t more bad news.”
“No, well not yet anyway. I could use a real big favour, but it may be out of your sphere. Axel urgently needs more blood transfusions but the supply which the Vet here in the village requested has not been despatched. I’ll pay whatever it takes to get it here pronto. I’ll even come and pick it up if they will allow that. I know this might be a stretch, even for you but the Vet has basically said without it…”
“Put the Vet on the line, James. Then I’ll speak to you again.”
The conversation was incredibly brief and the Vet handed the phone back to James.
“Ok, listen, I don’t have any influence over the blood donation unit in this country, but I know who does. Stay there with Axel. I’m confident we can kick the right arses to get something to happen today. If I can’t pull this off I’ll call you ASAP. Hang in there, mate, I’ll make the call now.”
James explained this to the Vet and then turned to Lars.
“Please explain this in Norwegian to Karl. He should know this gives us hope. Also, Lars, if Axel makes it, would it be wrong of me to tell Karl I’d like him to stay with you for keeps? Essentially meaning that he would become Karl’s best friend for life.”
“You would do that for my son?”
“Within a heartbeat. Your family saved me from a total breakdown after Hanna died. I was heading into a downward spiral and I needed a foothold of some kind to act as a brake. First Karl, and then you managed to give me that stability, and Karl needs the same thing now.”
“Ok, James, but it would mean more to him if you tell him.”
Karl’s face lit up for the first time since the shooting and they all went to see the patient. “No touching,” said the Vet, “and that is an order. He is not well and must not be disturbed yet.”
They left after fifteen minutes, when the Vet explained Axel needed another injection, and she didn’t want the dog to get over-excited with so many well-wishers present.

*

Karl went off to play with his friends, a sure sign that he was a little more hopeful that he might not lose his canine buddy. It was an opportune moment for James to ask Lars again about the disappearance of the Oslo Stasi, and the others that they were protecting. 
“Did any of the villagers actually see what happened while you took Axel to the Vet?”
“Yes, but some of their stories are different to others and it is difficult to make sense of it. A few claim that the men in the protective suits were ordered out of the water, and that there was an argument between them. Others said that after the helicopter left they all just came out of the water and went in a different direction to the Oslo police. I am beginning to think these accounts were observed at different times. That could explain it and fits with the helicopter taking something away. And it could confirm your idea that they found what they were looking for – another stone.”
James was both concerned and relieved. He had made a promise to Garth that he would keep the discovery of another stone between the two of them. Lars and his friends had worked this out themselves before he’d been told by Garth. However, his potential new employer might not see it that way, as there was such a slender margin of time between one event and the other. In any case Garth needed an answer on whether he would accept this new role that he’d been offered. He had to be honest and reveal that the villagers had seen a helicopter leaving with something, and they’d put two and two together, coming up with several explanations, the most likely being another discovery which was related to the stone. 
James wanted to get this version to Garth rather than letting him hear it from elsewhere.
“Hi Garth, I’ve told the Vet to keep on top of any deliveries to the local village depot. I’m staying here overnight but I’ll be setting off back to Oslo at dawn. I’ve thought about your offer of being a wingman for you and we can discuss that face to face. I should warn you that the villagers here actually observed a helicopter winching something up from the sea. Despite me offering no comment or interest, they are all agreed that it was probably something connected to the stone. Apparently, both the Oslo police and the marine explorers up and left immediately after the helicopter departed. They claim these officials must have found what they were searching for.”
“Shit, that’s all I need. Those retards were supposed to conduct their searches at night. The copters shouldn’t have been there until the object was brought ashore and put into a lead-shielded container. They should never have winched the bloody thing up before it was thoroughly checked out by the equipment on the shore.”
“Why is that so critical? I mean apart from the radioactive element.”
“I’ll only be able to share that with you when you’ve signed on the dotted line, James. Suffice it to say at this stage that heads will roll for such a dereliction of duty.”
“But you told me they’d found another stone already.”
“Sure, that’s part of the story, but this will have much wider implications in the next few days. I can’t say more than that, other than this find is likely to strike out existing recruitment policies and replace them with much more stringent procedures. I can’t wait for you to return for your decision, James. Unless you send me acceptance in the next two hours, my offer will become redundant. There’s nothing I can do to change that. It’s ‘piss or get off the pot’ time.”
James tried to take in this ultimatum, it certainly wasn’t typical of Garth. Nevertheless, he was faced with being shut out completely. Lars and his contacts now had no leverage. He wasn’t comfortable with the cloak and dagger role Garth had outlined, primarily because it could be difficult to get out if that became necessary. Eventually, he decided to opt in, reasoning he could change his mind when he read the small print. One thing he was even more confident about was that this wouldn’t be the last stone in the location. The search would surely come back to this coastline once there was more known about the second stone, probably after the media interest had been shifted to a decoy location. The text to Garth carried no caveats. The ‘train was leaving’ and he had at the very least to be on the platform when the signal of departure was sounded. 
‘Garth, after a lot of agonising over this new role you offered me, I’m not sure I’m cut out for it. It would probably take me into territory I’m completely unfamiliar with, and I’m already out of my depth with the loss of Hanna, and now Axel is hanging by a thread. But, what have I got to lose? Just remember, I did warn you. If you still want me, I’m in.”
A sarcastic reply came back less than a minute later.
“Well, for a rookie, that was a hell of an answer. I haven’t got a clue as to what’s in your head at present, but I have total respect for you in taking the plunge. It’s a brave move, James, but I’m confident you’ll thrive in this world of intrigue. You weren’t the most gifted player in our rugby squad, but when the chips were down, you were the most reliable. Speak to you tomorrow.”
Chapter 9

As James prepared to leave, only Lars was truly sad. Maya waved half-heartedly from the kitchen window, and Karl was getting ready to visit his new dog. For Lars, it wasn’t just like losing a friend, he felt this would be the end of the excitement in the village. Recent events had cast a veil of mystery over an otherwise daily routine for the inhabitants. James had been his link into the broader picture.
“You will be in touch, James? You promise?”
“Definitely, I can assure you of that. Exactly how much information I can gather is a bit up in the air. On my own I’d have to admit it would be difficult. However, I have met an old friend in Oslo, so that could help. I will have to be careful with respect to what I pass on to you, Lars, I recognise Maya’s concerns, and we don’t want another shooting. I also have a gut feeling the Oslo Stasi will be back in some form. And you can be sure I’ll come and visit Karl’s best friend. Ok, I got a call from the depot so I’ll pick up the blood supplies and drop them off at the Vet’s surgery. Keep me posted with Axel’s progress and I’ll be here in a flash if things get worse for him.”
James detected a slight quiver of Lars’ lower lip as he nodded in affirmation.

*

When he pulled up outside his room in Oslo, Garth was already waiting outside for him.
“Is there something wrong?”
“No, well, yes, there’s a critical time squeeze. Just leave the van here and come with me. I’ve set up the programme needed for your employment. It’s going to test your patience but we have to get on with it immediately. The turd I mentioned is already on its way to the spreading machine, the committee are in a huddle right now. That’s not a good sign, so we have to deal with containment immediately. I’ll pass you on to the secret service bod first, then my company lawyer for the contractual stuff, and finally there are the hoops you have to jump through with respect to all data which comes your way. These are all to do with the multi-national agreements which must be observed to the letter. So, listen carefully, James, I have to tell you something which is absolutely central to how this is likely to play out, but I can’t do that until you’re officially cleared and on-board. It’s even got me nervous, I can tell you, and I’m normally immune to these tremors. Come on, let’s not waste any more time.”

*

As he was passed from one interview to another, James couldn’t help but notice the frenetic, almost chaotic activity all around the place. People were appearing out of closed office doors and laboratories but not heading anywhere in particular.
His final grilling produced the first sticking point. He was asked about his intentions with respect to dual nationality. This was emotionally sensitive for him. Having explained the passing of his wife he didn’t appear to garner much sympathy for his grief, which was still raw. He almost told the man and woman asking the questions that he was ready to quit the interview.
“I can’t leave Norway just yet, I’m not a Norwegian citizen but I am a Norwegian resident. I am a British citizen but not a British resident. That won’t change anytime soon. Is that a problem?”
“This would not normally be a problem, but at this moment in time we have to be sure about everything,” said the female interviewer, “there are extremely sensitive subjects to be dealt with.”
Her male counterpart tried to clarify their position.
“If you can sign some declaration of where you will reside if your application is successful, we can make progress.”
James saw what was being hinted at. “You mean if the entire project moves from Oslo, would I move with it?”
“Precisely,” said the smiling male, “that could happen at any time.”
“Well,” confessed James, “if that was to happen in the next couple of weeks, I’d have to stay here. I think you should speak with my prospective boss, Dr Garth Docherty about this. I’d need to make arrangements to sell my property, get foster care for my dog, and spend some time with my late wife’s parents. I can’t just walk away from them forever without explaining why I’m even considering this offer to work here.”
The two bureaucrats looked at one another and the male made a call to Garth. Judging by the one-way conversation, James sensed that Garth was delivering a right royal dressing down to the official. 
“It appears that we can process your application through successfully, Mr Sullivan. Thank you for your patience.”

*

There was an urgent message from Garth.
‘Meet me on the fourth floor. I have to fly to Geneva tonight, and I have to brief you before I leave’.
James had to ask someone where he could find his friend, and the young woman took him directly to Garth’s office.
“Everything is being lifted in priority, James. I don’t have much time as my taxi to the airport is due to arrive any minute now. You do recall the TV debate when that arsehole South African tried to skewer me, don’t you?”
“Yes…”
“Right, well, he was winding everybody up about his insane idea of a long-extinct species having lived here before the dinosaurs went tits-up, or alternatively, an alien race having visited the planet aeons ago. I really trashed his irresponsible speculation, suggesting he should seek help. I thought people would see through his attention-seeking agenda. It turns out he might be right on both counts. I’ve got some serious explaining to do, but something bugs me about how this proof came about. It’s your first mission in my absence, James.”
“Holy shit. I guess that explains why I had such a hard time during my final interview. They wanted me to be ready to move anywhere at the drop of a hat.”
“Yes, I know. I just pointed out to them that they should look at this by choosing the least-worst option, but the retard I spoke to didn’t even get it until I drew him a picture. He could either pedantically decide to tick a box on a form, and stick to the rule book, or he had to explain why my urgent recruitment would be derailed, when I’d already made it clear that I trusted you more than anyone in the world to get this job done, and reminded him I’d already vouched for you in writing. He folded like a robot with a dicky battery. Anyway, there’s no better way to learn the ropes, mate. A baptism of fire brings out the best in us. You’ll have my team throwing all manner of questions at you in my absence, you probably won’t even understand most of them, so, just tell them it’s a decision not to make a decision, especially if it’s a wrong one. That always buys a bit of time. You should collate and pass these queries on to me, because no one else will be allowed to contact me while I’m away. I’ll guide you as to what to tell each team member. We’ll pick up on your induction when I get back from Geneva. It’s always the same when a committee goes to Switzerland to resolve a dilemma – nothing is decided.”
“Jesus, this feels like I’m the only remaining rugby player left on the team who is supposed to stop a rampaging twenty-stone juggernaut from the opposing side getting to the score line! Garth, you have to tell me more about this ‘dodgy’ proof.”
“Ok. The decryption team were going nowhere with the first stone. All of a sudden, they made sense of the function of the levers around the perimeter. It not only opened the thing, it explains the changing form of the insect-like drawing. The lines associated with each image has the roots of a primitive communication system, a bit like Morse Code. This ‘language’ also pointed to other stones in the same locality. That’s why the helicopters were brought in to map the sea bed, and apparently why it hoisted the second stone directly out of the water despite the possible radioactive risk.”
“Wow, but how does that suggest that they were aliens rather than early sentient beings?”
“Because the second stone allegedly describes a settlement of some kind on Mars. It’s all diagrams, arrows, and numbers, but the boffins are adamant that it has to be the fourth planet from the sun. I’ll still take some convincing, but that’s why this investigation will probably move location once we’re sure we have all the stones from the Norwegian coast.”
“Bloody hell, Garth, I was already shitting myself, this is unreal. It has to be a hoax. Surely, hasn’t it?”
“That would conveniently save my arse, but I’d have to disprove this ‘language theory’ before the Martian colony gets wind of this. They are to be contacted with instructions to do nothing whatsoever just yet, especially planning wild goose chases of their own. But how do we know whether they will be sucked into being the first humans to prove we aren’t or weren’t alone? It’s frigging Russian roulette with a three-quarter full chamber. Hey, I have to go. Call me tomorrow morning, early, with a short briefing on what the team have thrown at you.”
‘Yeah, but after breakfast, not before’, whispered James to himself, and shook hands with his friend. He literally was the blind fox in the chicken house. People’s jobs were on the line, and he wasn’t even cognisant of what their actual expertise was.
He had been given the green light to use Garth’s office during his absence and he made use of that immediately, pulling the blinds shut. He desperately needed thinking time, not just about handling the team, but also regarding what these stones were really meant to convey. It didn’t sit easy with him that the project could move at any time to another country, let alone another planet.
He invited the members of the team into the office one at a time. First up was Pascal Verde, a geologist with supporting qualifications in computer analysis techniques. 
“Hello, Monsieur Verde, I’ll probably get used to Pascal in good time. I just wanted to reassure you that I’m holding the fort for a few days while the boss is away.”
“Yes. He briefed us this morning. What we are wondering is how our fort will be attacked. But nobody can know that yet.”
“Sure, and you must know then that Garth wants all contact while he’s away to be through myself.”
“Yes, so you will have to understand quite a lot about this project. All we know is that you have known the chief for a long time and that you are a very reliable person.”
“Well, that’s about all I know about you guys too, but I have to catch up quickly. So, can I start with you?”
“No problem. I have been monitoring the decryption work on the first stone. It is an ingenious explanation they found with the levers.”
“It would seem so. One question though. If the levers allowed opening up the stone, and alteration of the insect images, how did it take so long to realise they might have another use? I mean there was nothing else inside other than the radioactive material, at least that’s what I was told.”
“That is true, we had already discussed it with the decryption people before using our I.T. analysis and prediction techniques. This is exactly what it predicted, that it must have a second purpose. The decryption people said coming to that conclusion was simple, actually decoding the output was like looking for a mouse in a haystack. Sorry, not a mouse, a…a knife? No, not a knife…”
“A needle, but a mouse would be just as difficult, as it can move more than a needle.”
They both laughed out loud and agreed that this was something to keep an eye on.
“Did the same excuse arise with the second stone?”
“No, but similar. Jose is covering that part of our task. I could say something but it would be better if you speak with him direct.”
“Fine, Pascal Verde, ask him to come in please.”
Chapter 10

“Come in, Jose. Close the door, please.”
“You can call me JJ, everybody else does.”
“Oh, why JJ?”
“It’s a funny story. My full name is Jose Javier Gonzales, and when I’d been here not more than a couple of days I used to refer to the boss as Doc-Doc, but only to my colleagues. You know Dr Doc…”
“Yes, I get it, and then?”
He overheard me when I didn’t see him behind me. He didn’t like it, but never said anything. So, he decided to call me JJ. Now even the experts outside our department use this as my name, not on written reports though.”
“Ok JJ, Pascal told me about the findings we have on the first stone. I’d like to get up to speed with the second one.”
“Sure, up to speed, ha-ha, that’s exactly the problem, we’re not up to speed with this stone because the experts have more influence than we do with the committee. Also, they don’t trust our system.”
“Why do you think they don’t trust the system?”
“They feel threatened by it. You see, it doesn’t respect human dependence on what they have convinced themselves of, their version of science commandments – which they accept as proven foundations, and without them the house will fall down.”
“Well, surely we can rely on certain principles, otherwise we’d just go off with all kinds of speculation.”
“That’s true, but it’s always healthy to challenge beliefs if there’s another way to look at the facts. Our system relies completely on analysing what fits and what does not fit, from all of the data collected. The input changes every day and therefore that may cause the system to assign different coefficients to the conclusions. The experts are afraid of a binary-only ranking of data. It doesn’t have opinions, only numbers. The experts themselves don’t see that their extrapolations are no different as a technique compared to ours, even though they’re ranked by their own ‘trusted’ probabilities. But, our system is more pure because it relies totally on the quality of the input data. The experts often insert opinions as data, but they can be bullshit data.”
“I’m a newcomer to this investigation, JJ, but I have to say this explanation of yours sounds a little bit esoteric to me. I mean I could see an object as red and you see it as orange. Neither of us can change what we see without having our colour vision changed, but the object is either red or orange, depending on the electromagnetic wavelength it emits, that is a fact. So, I want to make progress here, and I’d like to hear about an actual example which causes difficulty between this department and the experts we have to deal with. Can you do that for me?”
“Yes, of course. The best one is the explanation of the two different dates found with the first stone. The stone itself comes from before the impact which was supposed to cause the extinction of the dinosaurs and other species. The full contents of that stone were only accessible by levers which opened the disc inside it. That in itself has to be explained and ranked. The experts simply moved on to theories before we knew that the contents themselves were much more recent in age, and something or someone had to have put them there. All of a sudden, the experts jumped on this as meaning the stone was simply a convenient archaeological discovery, without explaining whether the levers were already present or added by those who placed the contents inside and made them work together. Our system throws up every possible explanation, and we have to admit many are preposterous, but some are not followed up. We really have to know if the makers of the stone discs are connected to the makers of the levers, and those who inserted the mechanism to control the contents, especially as there is a rudimentary language involved. Our system suggests there is a connection, but the experts prefer to bypass this puzzle and move on to answering the ‘bigger questions’. That’s why it took them so long to decrypt the ‘message’ that it was indeed primarily a communication device. We could have known about the other stones a lot sooner.”
“Hang on a minute, you said stones – plural. Are there more than two?”
“Sure, I assumed Doc-Doc had told you. There are many more. The location seems to be evidence of an unknown species congregation. The experts are already talking about burial grounds, civilisation, outposts, and the like. At this point we believe that all of these are possible, but it could also be a simple relic site designed to point future intelligent life to other evidence of the existence of such a species. You can imagine how the experts reacted to the revelation that one of the places it has pointed to is Mars. Once again, if we had followed the rankings and blitzed the language aspect from the first stone sooner, we would have known this last week, before the decision to move the investigation away from Oslo. It’s a stupid decision, based only on where state of the art analytical equipment already exists in the world. But, apart from Mars, they are ignoring the very real probability that we might have more sites to discover here. My own view is that the decision will be reversed in Geneva and our system will find out more from the other stones we will collect.”
“I can’t quite get my head around the hierarchical organisation and interaction protocols yet, but I agree with you that it would make much more sense to collect more stones now than despatch colonists on Mars to start up a sophisticated mining operation in space suits. Thanks for bringing me up to date on the investigation, JJ, even if it isn’t up to speed.”
James couldn’t resist a leap of deduction of his own. Who were the individuals feeding data to Garth’s team? As JJ said, the output can only reflect conclusions drawn from the input of other departments. There was a knock at the door. 
“Come in.”
A middle-aged woman popped her head around the door.
“I’m Angela Fairbanks, you wanted to see me. Is this a good time?”
“Yes, please have a seat, Angela. As you’ll know, this is my first day here. I’m just getting to know people, getting a sense of what your boss wants from his team. Just think of me as a post box to Dr Docherty for now. I still have to find out what my remit will be in the group, but at least for now, simply look at me as a conduit to him, so that you can all get on with what you’re doing. He believes this will save you all the frustration of trying to contact him. I have a direct line to a new phone he took with him, so I can report any new relevant information while he’s embroiled in the Geneva conference. Right, what is that you do within the group?”
“I report on any and all directions the various research teams are working on. We need to keep abreast of any data which emerges, to ensure we input all of it. It sounds simple, but quite often these heads of research either forget to inform us, or decide not to tell us until they have already deviated from the blueprints. I’m forever chasing shadows, usually ones which had data to offer, but had been deleted to make it look like there was never any work done in the ‘forbidden’ direction. It’s like a bloody cult with these people, but of course without the traditional silly handshakes and wink, wink, nod, nod crap. Sorry if I sound a little biased, but being Canadian, I like to tell it as it is. I’m not going to say this is an orchestrated, structured activity, it’s generally haphazard, but it messes up our task. It’s like a childish ego-massaging contest, but nobody in the committee wants to know. For them, no news is good news, and making it go away galvanises them like nothing else I can think of.”
“You make it all sound like a leaderless handful of slippery, shape-shifting jelly. Should I be regretting having joined the cause?”
“Possibly, depending what Doc-Doc can achieve at this conference in ‘neutral’ Geneva, with the emphasis on neutral.”
“Ok, could you let me have a short list of deviations which have already occurred and what the consequences were, you know from your standpoint? I want to look into this very carefully, because I have reason to share your scepticism. I’d rather not burden you with detail right now, suffice it to say that a very close friend of mine almost died at the location where these stones were discovered.”
“Wow, somebody who actually listens! I’m considered to be a Moaning Minnie around here, even within our team. It’ll be on your desk in an hour.”
This internal jockeying for position and backstabbing wasn’t new to James, he’d seen a bit of it in the global energy marketplace, but this was a body responsible for honestly ploughing a furrow for the benefit of the human race. Although there was no perceived threat with the discovery of the stones, our understanding of how we came to be here might be altered. His moral gene strings were twanging out lots of noise. Unravelling it all seemed to have moved further away than ever, when this job he’d signed up for was supposed to dial out most of the extraneous, infighting cliques. Politics had never been his strong suit, so he now had two steep learning curves to deal with. 
As he’d seen all three section heads in the team, he knew he’d have to wait for them to debrief their subordinates before they would offer up any new information they had, or table questions as to - what next?
The list from Angela was on his desk, she must have put it there while he took a comfort break and grabbed more caffeine.
It was a very short list. One item. Maybe she was going to drip feed her grouses to see if she could trust him.
‘1. After the first stone reached this lab, it was only a privileged few who had direct access to it. We had been told this was simply a precaution against contaminating it. Because we were given photographs, we immediately began to upload data. It was perfectly round, perfectly symmetrical in all respects. It contained an embedded disc, and there was radioactivity. The exclusive few who were chosen to examine it for further details stated that the radioactivity factor was low priority. Opening the stone was to be the first step. That was reasonably logical, but our system flagged up a question. ‘Was this a radioactive substance which could be found on Earth?’ When the stone itself was opened after many attempts, the disc with the levers was studied interminably, and without having disclosed what they found, the insect image became the next most important task, ahead of the levers. We asked again if they could identify the radioactive fingerprint. Same result, the priorities were clear. Fiddling around with the levers in a random manner eventually caused the image to change, but more by luck than intuition, I believe. Then countless hours were spent on trying to pin down precisely which classification of species this image could have been meant to represent. This wild goose chase came to an end only when our system asked a second question following the image discovery. ‘This could be a species of either terrestrial or non-terrestrial origin. The origin of the radioactive source would provide a reliable probability coefficient as to which it is likely to be.’ I recognise that this is actually a statement but it does imply the second question. We still do not have a direct answer to this, even though we dredged up and opened another stone. I proposed that we should find out if this element could be synthesised on Earth if it didn’t exist naturally. This wasn’t well received, but one of the select few said she would ask for an eminent nuclear physicist to be brought in. Between us, this lady and myself, we actually convinced the experts this issue had become a roadblock which had to be freed up. We are waiting to hear what this physicist finds out.’
That was all Angela had on her list. James contemplated how long Garth had known about this and whether he had found a way to personally push its priority through.
Chapter 11

James sat in the office with his head in his hands. It was early, very early. None of the team had arrived as yet. He was expected to call Garth this morning. But what was there to say? ‘Why didn’t you tell me about the pressing need to answer the elephant in the room question, the one regarding the radioactive element’? There was nothing else to report as yet.
James’ confusion was valid, as his own expertise in the energy sector had, by necessity, to take in the major player – nuclear reactors. They were the main competitors to wind and tidal systems. James was frantically raiding this knowledge bank before making his call to the boss.
‘Elements – that’s where this begins and ends, both naturally occurring and manufactured. They’ve already ruled out naturally occurring types, but can they be the starting point to make the type found in the stone? This branch of science has moved on dramatically since the millennium, but the techniques are highly secret, and for good reason, like they could lead to the destruction of the entire planet and its population with the push of just one button.’
‘Let me run this through my head again, it’s been so long. Isotopes of an element are different versions of essentially the same atomic structure, with one exception. Within this structure, the atoms have in their nucleus a number of protons, which correspond to the chemical behaviour of that element. However, the isotopes of an element can vary in the number of neutrons in their nuclei. Since they still have the same number of protons, all these isotopes of an element have identical chemical behaviour. But since they have different numbers of neutrons, these isotopes of the same element may have different radioactive behaviour. A couple of examples may help me to clarify this in my head’. 
‘The most stable isotope of uranium, U-238, has an atomic weight of 238 (92 protons plus 146 neutrons). However, the most important isotope in atomic bombs, U-235, has three fewer neutrons. The chemical behaviour of U-235 is identical to all other forms of uranium, but its nucleus is less stable, giving it higher radioactivity and greater susceptibility to the chain reactions that power both atomic bombs and nuclear fission reactors. Come on, James, get a grip, exactly how are different isotopes of an element produced’?
‘It’s like being back at university, but without a crib sheet. If I recall it correctly, there are only two basic methods. That is if my knowledge isn’t out of date. Division and…no, no not division – separation and synthesis. Shit, I’m getting ahead of myself again. Naturally occurring radioisotopes have extremely long half-lives, I think. Even so, this isn’t getting me anywhere, I can come back to naturally occurring types. I need to concentrate on synthesis if I’m going to understand what these experts come up with’.
 ‘Synthesis can be done by firing high-speed particles into the nucleus of an atom. Cyclotron, that’s it, a cyclotron accelerates particles around a circular containment apparatus with periodic switching of an electric field. The particles gather speed with each switch, just as a pendulum swings higher with each push from another source. When they are traveling fast enough, some particles can be re-directed, and consequently change the balance of protons and neutrons, and with it the radioactive properties’.
He felt this was about as good as he could prepare himself when he spoke to Garth. He wasn’t looking forward to picking a fight with his friend, but he had to raise the subject of full disclosure between them.
His trance was broken by a breathless Angela entering the office without knocking.
“My mole from the select few who contacted the nuclear physicist has come through with a bit of a game-changer.”
“Ok, Angela, calm down, take a seat and go through what you have to disclose slowly, very slowly please.”
“Yeah, you’re right, I am a bit hyper. The nuclear guy had his own ideas but consulted nine other contemporaries that he trusted. Eight out of the nine agreed with his own prognosis that we do not have the capability at this time to synthesise the radioactive element we found in the stones. We may develop such techniques in the coming years, and it’s significant that the ninth contact only affected what amounted to total unanimity by a single caveat, not an objection. That being some more highly developed species than us could have made this synthesis possible. For example, if indeed there proves to be a definite radiological connection of any stones found on both planets. Either way, it gave our team the nudge to input this into the system, and this has escalated two areas of investigation to the top of the pile. The experts will be happy that one of the recommendations is to continue trying to pin down whether the image of the arthropod in the first stone can be a critical separation point between insects and arachnids. The second is no surprise, they say we must find out for certain if the species which fabricated the stones actually left similar messages, elsewhere on Earth or on the red planet. If they did we have at least a dozen new level two priorities to fight over.”
“Well done, Angela. Apart from resetting the thrust of the investigation, this should also question whether the nuclear fission expertise we have is adequate. The committee can’t ignore the implications of this. Ok, the boss is in the right place to shake the tree. I’ll get back to you after I’ve spoken to him.”

*

James tapped out familiar drum solo on the polished hardwood desk top while he decided the order of his imminent conversation with Garth. What exactly had Angela’s new information changed? Not for him, or even Garth, rather for the committee itself. He pressed the speed dial on his exclusive phone. It rang numerous times before he heard the voicemail transfer voice. He left no message, walking out of the office and summoning Pascal, JJ, and Angela forward.
“Listen guys, I can’t reach Garth at the moment, so I’d like to look over some of your… sorry, our system output. You know - how it’s structured, presented, and its relevance, vis-a-vis the data which underpin the rankings. You don’t have to go into the statistics aspect, I understand probability coefficient derivation. I’m more interested on the agreement each of you have on the various conclusions. I can’t imagine you all concur to the same degree on everything. It’s called divide and conquer. If we identify our own weak points we can use the same tactic with the experts and the committee. I mean, they surely have splinter groups, but won’t want it under scrutiny.”
They all looked questioningly at each other and then the smiles emerged. They began searches on their respective workstations immediately.
There was a vibration to alert James to an incoming message. ‘James, coffee break in thirty minutes at this charade. I’ll ring you then. Garth’.
What emerged from the three section leaders went some way to providing the ammunition James was looking for. Checking the time, he noted there was only around seven minutes to a potential seminal conversation with his friend in Geneva.
“Hello, Garth. It sounds like you are pretty frustrated at the latest bout of constipation the committee is suffering from.”
“That’s a huge understatement. These people are looking for demons between every slice of their club sandwiches. Anyway, how is it going at your end?”
“Not bad, but before I get into that, is there any particular reason you didn’t mention the squabbles your people have had with these so-called experts?”
“Yeah, I figured that you needed to make up your own mind about stuff like this. You bring an unbiased opinion to the table. I didn’t want another voice which just espoused the same old platitudes. I needed a double take on my own preaching. Is it a problem?”
“No, just curious. So, having talked with your three section leaders, I have to offer my vision of things, even though I haven’t a clue how your system works or whether it’s total bullshit?”
“That’s about right, see, you cottoned on pretty quick. Anything else?”
“Just a couple of items. Would you agree that I probably have more experience than you do with nuclear fission systems?”
“Yeah, that wouldn’t be difficult, James, and…”
“Well, without going into reams of detail, elements only exhibit radioactivity when their isotopes have an imbalance between neutrons and protons. And the greater the difference the more unstable the nucleus becomes. It’s this instability which defines its radioactive character – including its longevity, expressed as its half-life.”
“Right, I’ll have to take your word for that.”
“Good. Because we’ve just heard that a friend Angela has in the expert clique has consulted an eminent nuclear physicist, and he has clearly stated that the element found in the stones, as well as not being a naturally occurring element on this planet, is also beyond our current capability to synthesise.”
“What? That’s phenomenal! Can we get him to put this in writing, with proof?”
“Yes to the first, no to the second – it’s an opinion, albeit shared by another nine recognised people in this field. So, I have a couple of recommendations.”
“Go on.”
“We should have our own departmental expertise in this subject as it will prove to be one of the keys to knowing what these stones were really intended to pass on to any sentient species which found them. Not just politicians, the whole species.”
“This is a massive breakthrough, James, but we can’t ignore the politicians, we have to outmanoeuvre them. That’s how it works. What was your second recommendation?”
“We need the same expertise in palaeontology.”
“Christ, I didn’t hire you as a human resources guru. Why?”
“It’s simply the other half of the puzzle. Those who made the radioactive source weren’t humans, we have to know everything about them. Without them having said so, Pascal, JJ, and Angela will agree with me.”
“Ok, start identifying possible recruits. Leave the committee to me, they’re going to have difficulty putting their usual spin on what you’ve just told me.”
“Will do. I think you might need detailed back up from this nuclear physicist, not just a polite letter covering his conclusion. The committee will probably have it checked out and we should stay one step ahead of them. It doesn’t matter if you don’t understand it as long as their consultants do.”
“Ok, James, email it to me as soon as you can. I’ll keep schtum until I get it.”
Chapter 12

James had slept on what kind of people he thought would be best to take on the resident experts. With a clearer head he embarked upon pulling in favours from his ex-work colleagues in the energy industry. He put out feelers for eminent names with a good track record who’d recently retired. He didn’t want those currently in employment because there could be a poaching issue and they would still have the financial burden of driving up profit. Also, retired candidates could well identify with a nobler cause of re-writing history, fulfilling their twilight years, as well as tending to the herbaceous borders or indulging in world cruises. He set the process in motion after briefing the three section leaders.
He rang Garth to let him know of his strategy, not expecting him to pick up, and be switched to voicemail. 
“Yes, James. I was just about to call you. I knew the information you gave me yesterday was going to rock the boat, but these people usually absorb storm clouds by shifting to ‘what if’ mode. Your declaration that this element in the stones could not have been produced by humans has actually got them at each other’s throats. I’m not going to tell them about your recommendation to bring in our own expertise because they could sabotage our recruitment. Anyway, the entire meeting agenda has been revised. I’d have put money, a lot of money, on them going flat out on finding other global sites to look for more stones. This would waste a lot of time and help keep a lid on the implications of what you told me. It was a split vote, but there has now been a moment of epiphany for some in the committee. They finally recognised that massaging and kneading information like this is destined to rebound on them big time. It’s a bit like the creation theorists being hit with radiocarbon dating, thereby making a laughing stock of the Earth being only a few thousand years old. So, the minority in this committee will probably move aside and be replaced by new blood. This could be a good time for me to refuse any entreaties to be nominated, and then reluctantly allow my conscience to override my initial stance. I may be here for a few more days and I wanted to be up front with you on this. Think about all this, James, don’t say anything now. We can discuss it face to face when I get back. Happy hunting with your nuclear physicist and palaeontologist trawl.”
The line was disconnected.
James was in a tailspin of disorientation. Flashbacks kicked in, they always started with the last conversation in that grey hospital ward. Functional but devoid of feeling. He had seen it a thousand times, yet it still brought him to a see-saw of despair. Trying to pull out of these bouts of agony usually triggered happier images of his wife, and Axel, and the prospect of them having a child to raise. Then it all blurred into stones, police, Karl, Lars and finally Garth. The onset of a cold sweat began to bring him back to the here and now. A delivery man who’d been asked to ride shotgun for his friend Garth, who in turn was receding into the mist. He broke free of the mental slideshow and slithered into blind panic. He sent a message to Garth without really picturing how it might be perceived, and that didn’t seem to matter anyway. ‘Garth, best of luck with your ascension to the committee. I’m out as of tomorrow. James’.
A response in the form of a call came within seconds rather than minutes.
“James, what the hell is your cryptic message supposed to mean?”
“It’s not supposed to mean anything other than what it says.”
“But surely you owe me an explanation, I mean it’s only an hour ago since I told you what an impact your recommendations had made here. This is the strongest position we’ve been in with these serial procrastinators.”
“The operative word you use, Garth, is ‘we’. I don’t think you’ve really grasped how mentally fragile I am right now. I’ve literally only just started to feel I belong to something again. Then you enlighten me with your ambition to step away from your position here. It’s too much too soon, not just for me, but all of your people here. You claim that you can influence this committee more from the inside, but you have much more important influence to wield right here. The committee is an anachronism to be brushed aside, not ‘handled’ in some clandestine way that only you know how to blindside. We could simply bypass them instead of indulging them.”
“Aha, you think I don’t know that? My mistake, James. Look, I started this company, I’ve grown it year on year, so do you really believe the UK government consultancy just fell into my lap, or because I indulged in blatant, macho, arm twisting? And, do you think I’m going to neglect or damage my prized asset by muscle-flexing alone? Gently, gently catchy monkey, I’m only interested in being the enemy within until the approaching tipping point is inevitable, but I can’t play the part of Brutus, others must wield the knife. Let’s cut to the chase here, I was so impressed with how you’ve started your new life with us, that I possibly didn’t take due account of the stuff you have to process when you’re alone. So, I can see how belonging means more to you right now than it does for the rest of us. But you know me well enough by now, and even when we played rugby, I didn’t suffer fools gladly. If I’ve made an error of judgement, it isn’t the first, but I’m never going to relinquish owning my brainchild company, and - the people who’ve helped me take it to where it is. I’ll be back, you’re going to have to decide if that’s where you want to be. Take your time, mate. I still think you’ve made great strides. I hope you’ll hang in there. If not I guess you’ll be gone when I get back. Don’t contact me again before my return.”
James Sullivan was visibly shaken by what he perceived as Garth’s ‘principled tirade’. He decided to take a walk to take in some fresh air, and hopefully a fresh appraisal of what he wanted from the rest of his life. He was never going to blank out what had gone before, he wasn’t ready to go the route of psychology therapy, and yet he still had to deal with the vacuum of life’s everyday slog.

*

Overnight, he found himself hopping from one foot to the other about how long the new recruits would be needed. Surely this investigation was one of a kind, and when it was over, everyone would go back to whatever they did before. This train of thought could also be applied to his own dilemma. Living in the now gave him a purpose which very few individuals get the chance to embrace. In trying to imagine being retired himself, but being asked to have one last hurrah, he was suddenly catapulted to a hypothetical scenario - one of contemplating how to indulge one’s time in a uniquely fulfilling pursuit. Despite his entangled emotional burden, his choice was actually the same as that of his potential recruits. In fact, that’s why he’d figured it would attract the best available. He’d decided to aim high with these highly respected retired individuals. So, why not for himself? His introspection gained purchase in looking forward to speaking with Garth again.

*

As Garth walked into the office he was surprised to see James already at his desk. He acknowledged his presence but said nothing, leaving James to say what was going on. 
“How did the committee take the news?” said James, hoping to bypass their previous conversation, “I mean after they’d had a chance to digest the implications.”
“As I said when we last spoke, it had to at least plant seeds of the blame game. It was quite pathetic really, seeing these arrogant people being confronted with a gladiatorial situation with no weapons of their choice. It descended into a cannibalistic frenzy, like piranhas threshing about in all directions trying to ensure their status as a predator rather than prey. It allowed me more wriggle room than I could have hoped for. When I was preparing to leave, I was approached by several members who’d blatantly joined forces to sculpture the fate of the others. It’s quite sickening to watch so-called guardians of our culture abandon their ‘beliefs’ as if they’d only just seen the light. Anyway, I’ve been nominated to take a seat at their table. I declined, unless certain changes in transparency were adopted. So, they think that I’m mulling over their offer. I suppose I’ll hear from them sooner rather than later.”
“That’s about how you thought it might pan out. I came in today to see if you still wanted me to stay with you. I had a bit of a knee-jerk reaction when I thought you were jumping ship. I do want this job, Garth, if you can put up with the odd wobble I might suffer. I apologise unreservedly.”
“For what? If we say it didn’t happen, nobody is any the wiser. Let’s talk about who we can talk to about joining us, you know, to assist in moving forwards with issues of radioactive technology and palaeontology.”

*

“Hello, James, how are you?”
“Lars, I’ve been meaning to call you. It’s been a bit crazy here lately, but I’m fine and how…”
“Well, I am going to make you a bit sad and a bit happy at the same time. You will be happy that Axel’s eyes are not closed anymore.”
“Oh, Lars, that’s fantastic news. I should come and see him soon. It sounds like the blood transfusions have helped. You’ve got me worried now about what could make me sad after telling me about Axel.”
“I thought about whether I should bother you with this but I do think you should know. People in the villages close to us are getting together to make protests against disturbing or collecting any more stones. They have been talking about this for some time, but as it all started in our village, they expected us to lead these protests. I am against this but not many of my friends feel the same. They are even talking about sabotage of equipment and capturing some of the operators who are doing the searching. I have to ask you to keep this as our secret, not about if it will really happen, but that it was me who told you before it started.”
“I see, ok, well don’t worry about that part, Lars. And thanks for trusting me with this information. Listen, as I said, I need to visit Axel, so I’ll arrange this in the next two days. Then I’ll surely be able to pick up this protest threat from some of the other villagers. I’ll call you back when I know exactly when I’ll get there.”
“Excellent. We are all looking forward to see you again, even Maya. See you then – goodbye.”
When he switched his phone off, James regurgitated this new twist to Garth.
“That’s all we need, James. If you think you can learn any more about how and when these protesters intend to strike, at least we can be prepared with a considered response, not an overreaction of force. You should go now.”
“That was my first reaction, but I have to contact some of the people on my shortlist for the new roles we have in mind. It’ll only take me a couple of hours, three at most. I can drive there through the night. It might be better that way because cover of darkness could help Lars. It sounds as if he’s become some sort of outcast there. If necessary I can stay at the small hotel in the village rather than at his home.” Garth nodded his affirmation.
Chapter 13

James knew that the hotel receptionist in the village would recognise him. He smiled at her and took the room key.
“Will you want breakfast, Mr Sullivan? I ask in case you need to sleep longer.”
“No thanks, I’ll grab some fruit on the way to the garden of remembrance.”
“Oh yes, you have come to visit the grave of your wife. I am sorry.”
“That’s ok. I used to go every few days, but now I’m working in Oslo and it’s quite a drive. But, I must find the time to return every once in a while. When I’m here I feel close to Hanna, but when I’m so far away, it makes me feel sad. Anyway, goodnight, even if it’s going to be a very short one.”
He hadn’t mentioned to Lars that he was staying in the hotel and had no intention of letting him know he was now working so closely with the people running the investigation. Knowledge of that kind could make things worse for Lars and his family.
He woke up, bleary-eyed, even though it was still dark and the rain was pounding heavily against the solitary window which overlooked the sea. To his astonishment, there was activity close to the spot where the first stone was found. However, this was much further out from the shoreline, and he could now see why the other villages were gearing up for protest. In the misty gloom he managed to count seven submersibles, but that number kept changing as one dived and another two surfaced simultaneously. Then another three went under while two popped up. This was obviously an operation driven by the sea bed mapping, previously carried out by the helicopters. He began to question why he hadn’t been informed about this. Did Garth, or his team know? Why were these people risking their safety by retrieving stuff in the dark? Surely they would know how jagged the sea bed was around the cove. This had never been mentioned to him, and there were enough submersibles here to mark the exact location of hundreds of stones. That’s when it clicked. Hundreds in a cluster rather than a few isolated finds was likely to mean a large settlement or gathering site for sentient beings. He dressed and showered quickly before heading off to see Lars.

*

Before he reached his friend’s house, his ringtone sounded and Garth’s name was displayed.
“Hi, Garth, what’s up?”
“I’ve got a guy on the office line claiming he’s Sir Andrew Curzon. He’s calling from New Zealand. Do they have Lords, Counts, and Sirs in the Antipodes, or is this a wind-up?”
James couldn’t contain his mirth. “I don’t think so, Garth, but you obviously don’t recognise the name. Andrew Curzon, with or without the ‘Sir’, he was honoured many times for his work in palaeontology, including a fellowship of the International Institute of Science. I couldn’t reach him yesterday to follow up on a message I’d sent him. The man retired some time ago and moved from Scotland to the southern hemisphere to enjoy the breath-taking scenery and abundance of sites to explore at his leisure. If we can land this guy we need to look no further, his record in both professional and transparency terms is unmatchable. I have a couple of reserve candidates on file but it seems as if he must be tempted by our project. It’s temporary and of global significance. Can you give him my number or patch him through from the office?”
“No problem, stay on hold, I’ll transfer him. Get back to me after you’ve spoken to him. There’s been a development.”
The informal chat with Andrew Curzon was quite illuminating. Apparently, like many who’d followed the official line of disclosure, Sir Andrew had taken a closer interest in the investigation. He explained why.
“I had intended to contact someone about one aspect of the findings, but I was never able to reach anyone who grasped the implications of what I was saying. So, I just gave up. I could have gone to the media, but as I’m enjoying my retirement I didn’t want to become involved with those people again. They always embroider what one tells them in order to drip feed sensationalism to the public. Can I just ask you to clarify your role in this saga?”
“Of course, but first let me thank you for returning my call. I’ve recently taken on a position with the I.T. arm of the investigation. There are certain aspects of disagreement between the officially nominated experts in their respective fields and the output of our system. So, to summarise, they have the same data input as we do, but our kit simply throws up questions or offers correlation coefficients of probability. The steering committee oversees both groups and it is that committee which produces the ‘official’ lines of disclosure. Our contention is that the committee tends to be swayed by certain experts whose opinions don’t always take account of all of the data. So, they are just that – opinions. At present, I’m charged with bringing in our own expertise in radioactivity and palaeontology to challenge some of the unsubstantiated claims. Our chief executive, Garth Docherty is the man who transferred your call to me. Perhaps I shouldn’t jump the gun here, but he has been offered a position on this steering committee. More balanced analysis is required and we expect his influence will assist in this respect.”
“I see, well, I wouldn’t want to devote too much time to any project which would adversely intrude into my retirement, but I’m also intrigued by the discovery of these stones. Could we begin by sharing new information and see how things progress? Global communication is almost instantaneous nowadays. There is one such example I can pass on to you already, one which failed to get me to the appropriate person when I tried several days ago. The various images of the ‘insect-like’ creatures depicted inside the stone are not actually insects. I’m quite surprised no one else has brought this up but the two small appendages at the rear end of the images suggest the depictions are early or pre-arachnid arthropods. Any palaeontologist worth their salt would pick up on this, as arthropods are comprised of crustaceans, insects and arachnids. Their ancestry tells us they all originally came from the oceans, as crustaceans still do. There was a separation of insects and arachnids around 300 to 400 million years ago. I’d have thought this was rather fundamental to your puzzle.”
“Precisely, and whomever you spoke to ignored or didn’t pass this on. Am I reading you correctly insofar as you could advise us from afar if we send you raw data together with our system output for you to consider?”
“Indeed. It may lead to me becoming more willing to make the long journey when absolutely necessary, and that would be dictated by what we discover.”
“That would be a neat way of bringing the contentious issues into the open. And I’m sure we can achieve quite a lot by video conferences. Can I get Garth Docherty to send you a consultancy offer containing the relevant conditions and security details?”
“By all means, in the meantime, I can delve further into precise dates of evolutionary branching and dead ends of arthropods. I look forward to hearing from you soon.”
“Thank you, err, do I refer to you as Professor or Sir in future communications?”
“For official stuff, Professor, but please, in this kind of banter, Andrew will suffice.”
“Fine, I’ll be in touch.”

*

After a pensive five minute interval James returned Garth’s call.
“Ok, you said there had been a development.”
“I did, didn’t I? Well, that was a bit of an understatement. When I was informed that they’d found more stones I was furious that I’d been kept out of the loop. So, I played what I thought was my ace card. I went into a rant, claiming the committee was a shambles and they should stick their offer of me joining their clique in the porcelain throne and flush it away. This has caused total mayhem, culminating in yet another meeting of the clan. So, I’m waiting to see what pearls of wisdom emanate from the sheer incompetence of these people. However, and I hope you’re sitting down, more stones means hundreds not just the odd one or two. They are being sent directly to the WSA in America. My head is bursting as a result of trying to figure out exactly what is actually going on. I have a feeling that the committee is going to surrender control to a new international body. That wouldn’t be a bad thing in some ways, but I don’t know where it leaves us.”
“Hold on, Garth, I’ve just found out from one of my old friends here in the village that they’ve been using submersibles in significant numbers to harvest these stones. I’ve been watching them myself. The operation is being conducted at night, and I can verify it is still going on. I’ll try to find out more before I get back. I am right in thinking WSA is the World Space Agency, aren’t I?”
“Yep, so it may be speculation on my part but it has to have some connection to the colony on Mars.”
“Right, it’s the only feasible reason I can think of, but why? Anyway, I’m happy to work with Sir Andrew Curzon on a temporary basis, but do we need him now?”
“We have to adapt to circumstances, James. Go ahead, sign him up. I’ll know more in a couple of hours.”
“Will do. Can you prepare a form of words for a temporary contract and I’ll speak with him again when I get back. He’s already made an observation which he insists should have been picked up by our experts. Ok, I’m off to see what else my friend can tell me about these submersibles.”

*

Lars was waiting impatiently for James to show up, mainly because Karl wanted to go to the vet immediately.
“Father, James is very late, and the animal doctor will be looking after other pets. She will tell us to go away again and we will not see Axel.”
“I know how you feel, but we must give him a few more minutes. I will call him now and tell…oh look here he is coming in his car.”
James apologised for being tardy and said he’d explain the reason to Lars later. They set off to walk to the vet’s surgery, exchanging pleasantries while Karl was still within earshot.
They were all in for a welcome surprise. Although Lars and Karl had witnessed Axel’s return to bouts of consciousness, the dog had remained supine and still seemed to be clutching on to life with some difficulty. Today was a real turning point. He was standing in his pen and managed to wag his tail upon seeing the three of them. Karl asked if he could stroke the patient but was told that he’d have to wait another couple of days. His joy turned to disappointment, but he understood it was in Axel’s best interest to heed the vet’s advice. 
“It means he will come home sooner if we let him recover without too much excitement,” said Lars.
“Ok, father. Can I leave him a bone?”
The vet explained that Axel needed a considerable time on soft foods before causing any external or internal strain. She added that the same patience must be observed when it came to exercising the dog. “The stitches must not be put under stress or he will have to come back to me and I may not be able to save him again.”
That did the trick despite Karl’s facial expression changing from hopeful to sullen. They were asked to leave and only return on the advice of the vet herself. James was now more relaxed with the dog out of intensive care status and suggested to Karl that they should go and buy Axel a welcome home present for the big day when he was released from the vet’s care. The smile returned reluctantly and they set off to a neighbouring village pet store.
Chapter 14

When James got back to Oslo, yet another surprise awaited him. The Norwegian government had been delivered an ultimatum by an organisation acting under the name of ‘Norway First’. Lars rang to tip him off that this had spread rapidly from the neighbouring villages, the local protestors having garnered national support with their internet campaigns. Apparently, over nine hundred thousand people had bought into a demand for that part of the coast being treated as a category one heritage site. And this was underpinned by declaring the entire bay as a burial ground of an ancient species. The sinister action which was threatened by Norway First fell into two strands. Peaceful action was urged in the form of withholding social taxes, and in the event of that failing to gain purchase, the genetic lab would be torched.
James deduced that what Garth had told him about the investigation being moved to America hadn’t yet become public knowledge. However, moving the HQ didn’t mean moving the excavation site. So, the threats would still apply in the minds of the protestors.
He sought out Garth and was told that he was in a meeting with the experts, along with Angela. Both Pascal and JJ were circumspect when asked what the meeting was about. Two hours later both Garth and Angela emerged looking pretty smug.
“James,” exclaimed Garth, “we have news hot from the press, Angela please ask Pascal and JJ to join us.”
“Is this related to the upsurge in protest against trawling for more stones?”
“It’s related to that, or should I say it’s a consequence. I realise you already know that Angela has a ‘friend’ in the clique of experts.”
“Yes, of course, that’s why we’re looking to bring in our own expertise.”
“Sure, but bear with me. This friend has leaked an official report to us because of the experts’ patent disregard of my people, who have clear authority to receive and input the said report’s inferences. There’s been a lot of haranguing in the meeting just now, but heads are going to roll. I’m afraid it will only fuel the public protests by adding feelings of disgust at the level of censorship which has finally been uncovered. Now the good news. Those experts complicit in this are to be summarily dismissed, five in total, and I’ve been asked to take temporary leadership of the group. However, that will be truncated by me joining the steering committee in due course. My declared poker hand was a bluff in reality, but despite it initially falling on deaf ears, this leaked report has inadvertently snatched victory from the jaws of ‘no change’. I’ll be charged with re-targeting the whole approach to the investigation, and I’ll need someone to do the same within the new makeup of the team of experts. That person will be appointed by yours truly. Think about it James. Don’t react yet, I have to brief all of my people, just think about it”
Stunned into silence, James just let the fast moving scenario engulf him. Was this likely to push him further from a hands on role to be part of the questionable world of window dressing? He sat through the debriefing session without making a single comment or allowing his demeanour to be interpreted by his boss in any way. He had an emotional crossroads to negotiate, and right now he felt he was losing touch with his initial affinity towards the investigation, that of believing he was still working together with Hanna.
While all the personnel from Garth’s existing team were gathering in the systems lab, and he was about to address the entire group, James whispered in his ear.
“Do I get to see a copy of this leaked report? I mean, Angela has already seen it, and she reports directly to me.”
“It’s in a zip file on your workstation, James. Like I said, just think about this for now. You’ll see from the report that you were right about this group of Angela, Pascal, and JJ needing the support of truly independent expertise which has no allegiance to either the steering committee or the clique of stooge experts.”

*

James clicked apprehensively, to open the leaked report.
‘To: Chair of Steering Committee.    Copied to: None.
1. Replication of radioactive source in the stones discovered to date.
It has been established beyond any reasonable doubt that to attempt such an experiment would result in global disaster. The difference in the numbers of protons and neutrons is so great that the instability would be of such dimension that it would not be possible to extend its half-life beyond a few seconds. This would result in a destructive chain reaction of such ferocity that the planet itself would be unlikely to survive. This element should not exist if judged by our understanding of the laws of physics. That it does exist can only be confirmation that it was fabricated by a more advanced civilisation than humans.
2. Further analysis of the insect-like images indicate that they could be a missing link in our evolutionary map, or they evolved in an extra-terrestrial location. There is no new evidence as yet to favour either explanation. However, it would be prudent to explore the co-ordinates on Mars which are displayed in more than one stone. In the meantime, we are focussing on finding some reference to the scale of these images. As yet, we do not know anything about this dimension. The images themselves are larger than similar species on Earth, but we cannot exclude the possibility that they refer to a species which in reality is larger than the images. In other words the size of the images are limited by the size of the stones.’
James pondered the implications of both points. He sought out Garth again. Uppermost in his mind was another conversation with Sir Andrew Curzon.

*

James knew he was neither interested nor sufficiently qualified to supervise a panel of experts which would still be reeling from the cull Garth had described. If he was to remain part of the investigation it had to be in exploration, not containment or spying on one’s own subordinates. He could also envisage the Norwegian activity being ultimately controlled by the WSA from afar. The overarching aspect of this project enjoying transient status was also a factor – it wasn’t like his work in Kristansund, as energy generation would always be required. The implications of revelations regarding big questions such as ‘are we alone’, when answered, would probably close that particular chapter. What would remain would be debatable. The possible exception to this is what was likely to happen on Mars. Why had Garth asked him to just think about the offer on the table, and not to reach a decision yet? Garth was an intelligent man, deceptively brash at times, but not someone to be underestimated. James found it difficult to let it rest.

*

His call to Andrew Curzon provided a welcome distraction from the shifting sands of Oslo. 
“Andrew, I hope you received the draft contract for our consultation arrangement.”
“Yes, I have only one issue with it. I cannot sign up to travel to the other side of the world at the drop of a hat. I must retain the right to decline long haul flight journeys unless they do not conflict with my personal plans. I can’t foresee such demands being justifiable, after all we’re dealing with opinions and advice. The vast majority of this can be handled by video conference. If this is an issue for you, then I’m afraid I cannot commit to the draft.”
“Oh, I see what you mean. There isn’t a clause in there asking you to make such a commitment, but you’d like to include such a clause which specifically states you do not have to do so.”
“Yes, I just want to make sure there is no misunderstanding.”
“No problem. I’ll have that amended. I also wanted to read you a leaked report from the experts who answer to the steering committee.”
Having listened to James reading the short report in a totally unemotional manner, Curzon responded.
“This ties in with what I told you in our previous conversation. It was glaringly evident to me that the images could indeed represent a gap in our current fossil record. The question which arose in my mind was whether this was fully engineered by evolutionary forces alone, or if it was interfered with and witnessed by another species. The one hundred million years over which insects and arachnids became distinct sub species could have thrown up several dead end mutations in the process. There should be corroborating evidence of that somewhere during that period, but I certainly can’t find any definite examples. I will keep looking, however we may have to face the possibility that the initial separation route was not merely witnessed by a species we know nothing about. It may actually have been engineered by them. If I may explain further by an example. The cause of extinction of Neanderthals has never been fully proven one way or another. There is proof that they co-existed with Humans for quite a long time, but nothing like one hundred million years. However, we can’t just assume that Neanderthals and Humans fought a war of extinction with a contemporary foe, or that the competition for food alone favoured the more adaptable species and shortened their co-existence dramatically. Humans won through and could have had an additional helping hand of some kind. Evolution itself is a gradual force – climate, diet, adaptability, conference of DNA, etcetera, but no species until the emergence of humanity has had the power to override natural selection. We’ve exploited both fiddling with genetic modification, and developed the destructive power which could kill the planet. All I’m saying is that we cannot rule out interference of any kind when we don’t have irrefutable evidence to the contrary. It would seem your experts are hedging their bets in this way, by proposing that a species with no record of any kind on this world may have witnessed this period of evolution and recorded it. I tend to agree with their stance, but I fail to comprehend why it took a leaked report to share this with the world. You know, one species can set another species on the road to extinction without any malevolent intent, it can be just by their actual presence, habits, or sharing of the same patch of the environment.”
“Mm…I see where you’re coming from. The pointer to Mars.”
“Well, it is one of the few ways we have available to us to at least formulate an answer to this burning question with unambiguous evidence.”
“Many thanks, Andrew. I’ll get the revised draft to you today.”

*

This short chat served a double purpose for James. He owed Garth a response to his offer, as opposed to merely thinking about it.  The alternative was to perennially dance to someone else’s tune, if not Garth, someone else. It was beginning to dawn on him that the crossroads he’d recognised earlier had to be confronted head on, and sooner rather than later. There was no rewind option. The time for wallowing in distraction was coming to an end, and he had to push himself into sculpturing the rest of his life on a macro scale. He acted immediately on impulse and found Garth alone in his office.
“I’ve done what you said and thought pretty deeply about your offer.”
“Excellent, and have you come to a decision?”
“I need your help.”
“My help? I wanted you to think everything through.”
“I have, and I don’t want to nursemaid these so-called experts, that’s why I need your help.”
“I’m missing something, James. You’re going to have to spell it out for me.”
“I want to be part of the WSA programme.”
“Wow! That’s quite a request. But, believe it or not, it is what my advice was going to be anyway, if you’d asked for it. I wanted this to be what you wanted for yourself. You see, this situation in Oslo could still provide a challenge for you, but it’s a comfortable one as long as you report to me. I’m sure you could whip these ‘experts’ into shape, but you need a broader test, one which doesn’t have so many boundaries to observe. So, how do you imagine I can help you to gain employment in the WSA?”
“Your concept of I.T. being integral to investigations like this is ground-breaking in terms of keeping the politicians honest, as well as being unbiased in guiding the thrust of the whole process. I could develop this concept in the WSA. You’re a good salesman, Garth, so do what you do best. I’d need you to give me autonomy in the U.S. and therefore we have to make sure you completely understand my ultimate objective of working over there. I’ll want to go to Mars at some point, but that’s my problem. I’d need to prove myself first.”
“Christ! I’ve really lit a fire under you this time. I’ll do my best for you, James, but there can’t be any guarantees. They do have to involve me in the handover from Oslo to the U.S. so I can suss out their reaction. I’ll get back to you, and for what it’s worth, in my opinion you’ve made the correct decision to pass on my offer. Fortune doesn’t always favour the brave, but hey, how do we find out if we always choose to sit on the fence?”
Chapter 15

The cull in both the steering committee and the clique of experts was an unpleasant process. Some went without a fight but others engaged in the murky world of litigation. This, added to the timetable of handover to the WSA, meant that very little other than reorganisation took place for the succeeding weeks. A notable exception was that the submersibles had been withdrawn, meaning the protests had calmed somewhat. Those who were left in the genetic lab began to realise their tasks would now be primarily dictated from their American counterparts. The mood was depressing when it should have been upbeat, having weeded out the pernicious culprits in the hierarchy. It fell to Garth as leader of the committee to trim this leviathan sextet down to a triumvirate. This actually set the tone for the rest of the investigative talent required to cope with requests and instructions from abroad. It was no surprise that the I.T. arm was given more influence. This squeeze between downsizing the committee, and nourishing the I.T. system, was instrumental in moving the remaining experts to contracts of the same kind as James had advised for Sir Andrew Curzon. All in all, necessity was to prevail over desire until such time as the WSA needs were etched into the equation. This in itself could take some time, as there were now two sites where stones could be found - Norway and Mars. One being definite and the other potentially more important. In Oslo there were now implications from the analysis of one hundred and thirty-seven stones recovered by the submersibles. These stones had, at the last minute, been divided into two distinct categories. Oslo retained all stones in which initial tests indicated only palaeontological value, and the rest were to be despatched to the WSA.
James nervously awaited news regarding his application to head west. He wasn’t alone, both Pascal and Angela appeared to give him the cold shoulder treatment, whereas JJ had also shown interest in following James to the U.S. The creeping inertia had another consequence – Garth had less time to spend with his people, feeding speculation that he could also jump ship. World media however, had already followed the money and gravitated to America. 
Lars had figured out his own take from the sparse coverage in the Norwegian press. There was going to be significant change. He was relieved that the submersibles had gone. He was ambivalent about the project HQ being moved across the Atlantic. The imponderables were the intentions of his friend James, and infiltration of the protest movement by far right factions. The last thing he wanted to see was his beautiful stretch of coastline becoming a battleground for urban thugs. He was also disappointed that James had not been in contact for twelve days. It was out of character; he hadn’t even enquired about Axel. Giving James the benefit of any doubt, and guessing that the situation in Oslo could be fractious, he’d backed off adding to any uncertainty. However, his friend might be in some kind of trouble. He decided to ask if there was a problem, by text. The quick response was by phone.
“Hi, Lars, sorry I’ve…”
“Hello, James, it seems as if everyone is talking about what happens next, now that we know the WSA will lead the investigation. Karl is the only person I know who does not care, he is so full of joy since Axel was released from the animal doctor’s care yesterday. He walked him very carefully and will increase the distance each day. So, how will this change of leadership affect you? Will you still work for your friend or will you look for a new job?”
“It’s good to hear from you, Lars. I must apologise for not getting in touch with you. It has been total chaos here since this decision was announced. Maybe I should have told you earlier that I was working for the last few weeks in a different role in Oslo. I wasn’t allowed to say anything because I signed a non-disclosure agreement with the security people. I was torn by this, I felt bad that I couldn’t speak to you openly, but on the other hand I can understand why I had to sign the pledge. Even now, I shouldn’t be telling you this, or anyone else, that I know about future plans for the investigation. I’m really sorry, but…”
“Forget it, James. I was always open with you about what was happening in and around the village. Many times it could have made my position difficult with the people here. They could have suspected me of being a spy for your boss. I will accept your offer to keep Axel, for Karl’s sake, but I think time has come to end our connection. I would always wonder whether what you were saying was true or not. Let us leave it at that.”
James was plunged into regret. He began to imagine the hypothetical situation in which Lars was replaced by Hanna. He would have confided in her, even if they weren’t married. Lars had put himself and his family in danger to help him, so he had every right to feel let down. It wasn’t an option to call his friend back, it would merely compound the apparent hypocrisy. It was going to take time to heal the rift, and this was something he didn’t really have. Sooner or later he would hear whether or not he was leaving for the United States, perhaps for the rest of his life, if he was ever selected to join the Mars colony.

*

James approached the bar where he’d first run into Garth in Oslo, with some trepidation, as the portents seemed to indicate negativity. Why here? Why not the office? He prepared himself for the worst.
“What are you having, James? A beer or something stronger?”
“Orange juice. It’s too early to get wasted. Can we get to the point please?”
“Well, yes – and no. I have a few questions for you first.”
“Ok, ok, but just get on with it.”
Garth gulped down a schnapps and ordered a beer and an orange juice. He averted eye contact with James until the barman had taken payment.
“How would you set about this role you see yourself in at the WSA?”
“What? Well, of course I realise I don’t have enough I.T. expertise and experience to run the whole show myself, but I have always been able to recognise my own shortcomings. I knew nothing about I.T. when you asked me to watch your back here in Oslo. Have I let you down? I don’t think so, do you?”
“No, that’s a fair point but I’m talking about the first steps, the mechanics of convincing the people who matter in the decision, and there’s no better place to start than with me. So, tell me, what would be your first decision?”
“Mm…err… I’d have to port your system over there with the same design as the Oslo hardware, and I’d also have to hire experienced people to report directly to me. Oh, I get it now, your system is protected like Fort Knox, and the only people who can definitely hit the ground running are needed here. But, would you allow them to leave?”
“Let’s say I might. Who would you take?”
“Right, well not Angela, she’s good, but abrasive and quite stubborn, even though she was the one who weaned the leaked report from within. Pascal is efficient but needs quite a lot of pressure to think laterally. I’d have to go for JJ.”
“Is that because he wants to go, or because you think he’s easier to manage?”
“Come on, Garth, I want to succeed with an unblemished record. Not least because I want to go to Mars. I’d have to rely on someone I can read and trust. JJ would be perfect.”
“Ok, now I can respond to the WSA with a clear conscience. They want me to underwrite compliance with their objectives as well as offering compensation if my system comes up short. Let’s see what they say.”
“Hold on, does this mean they haven’t said no?”
“Sure, but they haven’t said yes either. However, if I say yes to their demands they have to give me an answer. I’ll contact them now. I didn’t want to have this talk in the office so I’ll call them from here.”
James listened intently to one side of the conversation. Much of it went over his head as it was in I.T. speak, but the odd reference to communication security between America and Oslo gave him hope. Then Garth indicated that they were asking him questions related to his own intellectual property – specifically, was he the sole owner? Assurances flowed impatiently from Garth, and James could see the rising frustration, becoming apprehensive once more.
“Look, I’ve told every single person I’ve had contact with in the WSA that I am, always have been, and barring being swallowed by a shark, always will be the sole owner. This conversation is getting tedious to the point that both your organisation and mine will lose this guy unless we piss or get off the chamber pot. James Sullivan has had multiple offers over the years and he isn’t going to hang around while you people stall at every turn. I’ve entreated him to stay with me for a while longer but he doesn’t want to remain in Oslo. Unless I hear from you in the next twenty-four hours I’m afraid I’ll offer him a position with another company which wants to licence my system. Then you’ll need to get your I.T. somewhere else. I can’t afford to fanny about like this, my reputation is very important.”
There was a silence. Then Garth exploded.
“Next week? You’ve already procrastinated to the point of me pulling the plug a couple of times. Listen carefully please. Speak with your C.E. and tell him Garth Docherty no longer wants the WSA to take on his system and that you are the road block. You’ll be unemployed in the time it takes to swat a fly. This has gone on long enough. Don’t bother calling me back.”
The call was truncated by Garth, accompanied by a broad smile. “Chin up, James. Just standard negotiation practice. Feed the client enough rope to cause indecision, followed by fear of what they have to lose, rather than what they have to gain. Leverage often comes about from lower management drones being perceived as pathetic upward delegators. No C.E. wants this, they need the opposite – someone else to take the blame if things turn to shit. I’ll give this guy half an hour, tops.”
James was still gaping open-mouthed at his friend, but responded. “Oh yeah! You might just have ruined the one chance I had to start my life over. You would never sacrifice the chance to parade your system with blue chip organisation like the WSA.”
“Wrong again, mate. I’ve already been pestered by the Russians since they heard Oslo was being downgraded. Have another beer, the call back won’t be long. And a little advice – when you do finally get your arse over the pond, don’t think you can bullshit me. You still work for me until such times as you secure a different position with them. You need a squeaky clean record, that’s what gets you to Mars – your words, remember? Don’t screw up.”
The call came before their glasses were half empty.
Chapter 16

James was bristling with apprehension as he’d only heard one side of the conversation. All he’d heard Garth say was – ‘yeah – right – so that’s it then – well, good luck with that – just confirm it in writing – no that won’t do – then get him to call me in person,’ – each outburst separated by only a few seconds.
“I’m sorry, James.”
“I kind of expected it. Another dream bites the dust. Oh well, I suppose I’d better start looking for a new distraction. Do I need to write you a formal resignation letter? Bloody hell, two resignations in a month! At least we shared a few laughs. This time I promise I’ll stay in touch.”
“It is standard procedure to submit a resignation document if you’re moving on, that’s clearly spelled out in your contract, but you aren’t moving on, you’re relocating to America. But, you do need to sign a new contract with my company if you’re going to run the U.S. arm of the business. I’ll get it prepared.”
“Bastard! You really had me there, and this time I do accept that this means I owe you one. Seriously though, Garth, I want you to know you have my heartfelt thanks for setting this up for me. One day I might get the chance to repay what you’ve done for me. Maybe you’ll come and visit me on Mars.”
“Don’t get ahead of yourself, mate. Get our system up and running, that’s number one priority, and by the way JJ will also be coming with you.”

*

James rang Lars with some trepidation. He owed his friend a full explanation regarding his recent diffident behaviour.
“Don’t hang up please, Lars. I can now explain what I previously had to keep under wraps.”
“No, James, it is too late for that. You could not tell me because of an absence of trust. You were not the one who was taking the risk to your family.”
“That’s true, but I had to sign official secrets documents to work here and I would have gone to prison if I was found to have breached them. I know how disappointed in me you must be, so I just wanted to explain why I really had to keep quiet until now.”
“It will not make any difference because the damage is done. My standing in the village has gone completely. I stood by you but the others just see you as betraying the interests of our coastline. Let us move on in our own lives.”
“But, Lars, the work I was doing actually became a big influence in saving your coastline. Our people managed to convince the Norwegian government that the submersibles should be withdrawn immediately. Not only that, we were pivotal in the decision to move the investigation to the U.S.”
“I can believe that, James, but the people from all the villages along this coast believe it was their protests which worried our government, and forced them to allow the Americans to take over the investigation. Even if I went to the villagers with your explanation they would just laugh at me. You must look at this from their eyes. My family comes first now.”
“I’m very sorry, Lars, if I’ve caused your family such a loss of respect. The only other thing I should mention is my departure for America. I’ve been selected to work on the project over there, so you won’t have any more bad publicity because of our friendship. Actually, our I.T. team was partly responsible for unearthing evidence to show that the hundreds of stones recovered by the submersibles are most likely to be a message, only directing us to the actual location of what it has to reveal. There is growing support for further exploration to take place on Mars. My ambition is to somehow qualify to travel there in the coming years. I had hoped to make one more visit to see you all, not just you. I owe your entire family, Lars – Karl, Maya, and of course, Axel. I wanted to do this before I have to leave. So, even if you don’t want that, I’d like to leave on good terms with you. I was in a really dark place after Hanna died, and you helped me to stay strong. I’ll always be grateful to you, Lars, and I can see how difficult I’ve made your life, but it wasn’t intentional. Please forgive me. But, if you don’t want me there, I suppose we’re saying goodbye then.”
“Many things in life are unfortunate. I bear no grudges toward you, James. Because of what you have just told me, I am also very sad at the way things were not understood between us. Maybe you could keep in touch by a couple of letters every year until the hot-headed people here forget about militant actions. Letters, not email or phone. I wish you success with your desire to go to Mars. Take care of yourself.”
James had grossly underestimated the level of anger Lars had felt from the protestors, and was utterly deflated by his own failure to recognise this earlier.

*

The decoding of the stones recovered by the submersibles now held sway over the big picture. Sir Andrew Curzon had unknowingly thrown focus on this pivotal shift by referring to the lack of scale associated with the images showing arachnids’ divergence from insects in an evolutionary sense. The stones retained in Oslo all exhibited small scale images of similar current day creatures found on Earth. By contrast, the references to coordinates on Mars revealed arthropods comparative in size to giant squid. It had been assumed by most students of evolution that all land dwellers on the planet had, at some point, emerged from the sea. If the translation keys of the decoders were reliable, there was no doubt that the stones shipped to the WSA referred to life of extra-terrestrial origin. The debate over this ranged from fascination to outright denial. Until there was a unified view on how to engage with seeking more data from Mars, the only other option was to consider that the Norwegian coast was only one of many other sites on Earth which harboured such stones.
Amongst the imponderables, the theoretical evidence arising from the study of the radioactive element in the stones appeared to have fallen through the cracks in this so-called big picture. This oversight annoyed Garth intensely and he flexed his newly inherited muscles in disputing that very issue with the WSA. His case was articulated on a single premise – that all of the stones were still being powered by this wonder fuel. And, as the Americans had apparently downgraded the priority of further research in this direction, he was going to take ownership of the opportunity. In the short time James still had remaining before crossing the Atlantic, Garth primed him to complete the hiring of his chosen consultant in this field. It was Garth’s notion that this power source was key in explaining how any species could have existed and conquered space almost half a billion years ago. Ever the salesman, he visualised a new window into really high tech industries. All of them bristling with hybrid I.T. as the core advocate in the direction  of research, replacing unelected ‘experts’ such as those he’d recently shown the door.

*

During the countdown of his time in Oslo, James realised that Garth may have a valid point, and that he himself should become more literate in nuclear physics. If the WSA really had downgraded further interest in the radioactive source in all stones, he should follow Garth’s lead and quietly fill that space from under the radar. He revisited his prior list of potential recruits in this field at the time he’d brought Sir Andrew Curzon on board. He still preferred a retired candidate, but wanted someone outside of the U.S. His thinking gravitated towards the Far East – maybe China or Japan, then he recalled Garth saying he’d been pressured by the Russians to lease them his I.T. system. That would be a neat way of having a foot in both camps, and of course there were lots of stones containing the power source which were still retained by Oslo. With a bit of body swerving, there could be mileage in locating more sites where stones could be found on Earth. Surely that should be the case – why would Norway be the only location for such an important ‘message’ three to four hundred million years ago? He knew that if things went wrong, he’d probably be struck from any Mars shuttle programme. It was a gamble, yet he decided to make contact with Toshihiko Takanawa. The initial conversation was productive, if guarded. They agreed to meet rather than be eavesdropped upon in the ethereal world of electronic communication. The only other person to be aware of this sub-plot was Garth, who predictably could see yet another opportunity for personal gain, as long as James would be the sole fall guy if it all backfired.

*

The meeting took place in Switzerland. Takanawa was attending a seminar as a guest speaker in Cern. Having ‘identified’ the God particle decades ago, the Hadron Collider was beginning to reveal its limitations with regard to future research. However, in a world of increasing levels of terrorism, concurrent with global economic stagnation, there was little appetite to appropriate significant chunks of GDP by any country or bloc. The Russians publicly took the same stance while secretly evaluating an opportunity to establish a significant lead in this field. James had picked up on this in his short meeting with Takanawa, which consisted of a cup of coffee and croissant in an obscure café some distance from the conference centre.
“You have to be aware, Mr Sullivan, that I may be under observation at these functions. I am often followed by people I have never met. Only when I am back home in Japan am I comfortable. My home is remote and strangers are easy for me to spot. Some of these people have hacked my electronic communication devices, so I tend to revert to the old style pen and paper for subjects related to my work. They can hack my conversations with my relatives and personal friends as much as they like, as it would be about plants or new babies arriving. So, I suggest you and I should make arrangements to meet in Japan before we leave the café, and I will be able to tell you why I am interested in these stones of yours. Is that agreeable to you?”
“Well, yes, err… so, I suppose I should not attend the seminar then?”
“Correct. Your initial contact with me could have been monitored, so we must now let them see only those whom I talk with at the seminar and the restaurants. If they are suspicious of someone I spend time with, it usually becomes evident one way or another. I have to live with this when I travel but it is worth the trouble to have a normal life at home. Here is my suggestion for when and where to meet in Japan. If this is agreeable, memorise the details, destroy the piece of paper, and I will arrange to have you collected at the airport by a personal friend. Her name is at the bottom of the note. It all seems a little melodramatic but the high stakes must in their opinion justify such a surveillance charade. They don’t seem to accept that everyone does not have a monetary price which they cannot resist. So, I play the game with them.”
“I see, well, let me just check my schedule. Yes, I should be able to make it to Japan on this date. Can I just ask you who these…?”
“No, you must not get involved in that aspect of things. As long as they continue to want what is in my head, even if they do not understand it, I am safe, because I would have to hold their hand to harness the implications. You, or anyone who is seen to be close to me is vulnerable and disposable to them. I have already lost two dear colleagues to bizarre ‘accidents’ since I officially retired. That is why I have never declared any direct interest in these stones.”
“Fair enough, Mr Takanawa,” said James, wondering what the hell he’d got himself involved with, “I’ll respect your advice. I’ll see you in Japan, unless something unexpected crops up.”
“Good. I look forward to that. Very much.”
Chapter 17

Labyrinth to Eternity

Oslo itself was returning to normal, having seen out its starring role on centre stage. The investigation HQ, borrowed from the genetic lab, was virtually deserted compared to a month ago. Garth had already finessed the surgery he required to fit with Oslo’s new supportive function; in many peoples’ eyes subordinate was more appropriate. He had made enemies because of the authoritarian way in which he’d ceded control of all but academic projects. Accusations of betrayal were beginning to surface, initially disguised as economic arguments which would weaken Europe’s GDP position compared to the U.S. and the Orient. Then there was Russia, whose paraded policy most other nations considered to be pure media hype. The mistrust came about primarily because Moscow was allegedly not in agreement with how the Martian colonisation was being steered by American bias. Such a cocktail of intrigue was likely to throw up all manner of switches of loyalty in the coming years. 
James meditated over the maelstrom of confusion. Especially because of what he’d been told by Toshihiko Takanawa. He began to have doubts as to whether this schism of the WSA and Oslo was going to deliver the promised overall transparency in phase two of the investigation. His prior clarity of vision in hooking his anchor so rigidly to American doctrine in the space arena no longer felt quite so unshakeable. He decided to review everything after his visit to Japan, and planned to travel directly to Takanawa’s location from a personal package vacation to Tokyo, hopefully avoiding the need to explain why he’d been in Japan in the first place. He’d return via the same route.

*

While James was enjoying the hospitality of Takanawa’s rural retreat, news of the latest WSA analysis of their haul of stones hit the headlines. The compilation of an alien language from the first stones brought ashore in Norway was being challenged. This conclusion was encapsulated as ‘implied leaps of deduction’ which on further analytical scrutiny did not mesh synchronously with data derived from the later stones delivered to the WSA. The semantics of the statement were so obviously sculptured to highlight an important error without assigning blame to the original purveyors of it. James immediately wondered what capital Garth would make out of the admission. Takanawa smiled wryly as he translated the final part of the Japanese bulletin.
“Our language has to be viewed quite literally in what it conveys by the written or spoken word, and it does not have as many words as your language which mean almost but not quite the same thing. The last sentence is what interests us.”
“I’m sorry, what are you saying?”
“The very last comment indicated that the same criticism can be applied to the published conclusions by the Norwegian research people on the radioactive element investigation. It is what I was going to discuss with you. I already knew they got it wrong. This changes everything, they did not get it wrong.”
“Oh no, so you think it was fabricated for some reason?”
“Of course, it is obvious, given the threat it poses to all of us. The problem resides in preventing exploitation of the truth as opposed to managing a lie.”
James tried to process this Confucius-like assertion.
“Why did you agree to meet with me?”
“Because, although I was intrigued by this radioactive source right after it was discovered, my involvement would have attracted attention from people I did not want to speak with. However, I was naïve enough to believe the Norwegian investigation was being conducted in a transparent way. Then, I thought they had made a mistake and got it wrong. Even though I wanted to contest their conclusion, it was too risky. And this has just been proven to be the case. It is indeed theoretically possible to create this element. It is also theoretically possible to stabilise it before it undergoes almost instant fission. Therein lies the reason for the Norwegian deception. The knowledge of how to stabilise the element, with one hundred percent certainty is worth an absolute fortune. Can you imagine how many maniacs there are in the world who would be prepared to play with the fire of experimentation if they have access to the necessary resources? This latest statement from the WSA has created the very real scenario in which the ‘God’ particle rears its head again, this time it is not merely an academic proof which is being sought, rather the unborn child of the first big bang. With this kind of meddling you have to get it right all of the time every time. I agreed to speak to you when I heard that the project control was being transferred to the WSA. I wanted to warn you that what has just happened should be avoided. I was happy because I was convinced the Norwegian investigation had got it wrong – the genie was back in the bottle. Now it has been let out again. I would not have agreed to meet you if I had known this was going to happen. You should not contact me again, Mr Sullivan, go to the WSA and do what you can to prevent waking up all the frustrated nuclear physicists on our planet.”
“Me? I’m only a minion in this project. My first task is to install the I.T. system which has been used in the Norwegian side of the project. I wanted to speak with you because I felt the power source in the stones was being marginalised merely because it was perceived as low priority. You’re saying it’s the exact opposite. I very much doubt that anyone in the WSA is going to take my opinion seriously with regard to nuclear physics and world preservation.”
“Not having the relevant expertise does not stop the politicians from interfering. You are more qualified than them in terms of understanding the risks. My advice to you is to get them to concentrate on this postulation that another species created the stable form of this element. That is the only feasible explanation for its existence millions of years ago. I agree that there must be other sites where similar stones can be found on Earth, but you already have references to coordinates on Mars. It is convenient that we have already begun to colonise the very place we are being pointed to. The answers regarding this species and precisely how they achieved what they did are more likely to lie in the Martian dust than on a planet which was only one step beyond primordial soup when they were here. I hope you can influence some of the decision makers in the WSA – be brave, you convinced me to tell you the real truth. Now you must go.”

*

The long flight to Washington was a welcome distraction, although his train of thought was often interrupted by various cabin crew personnel asking if there was anything they could do for him. James was also glad he’d said his farewells to Angela and Pascal before his trip to Japan. JJ was to follow on in a couple of weeks, and that would give him time to find his bearings with the new people he’d be working with. Garth was different. It was essential that they were in more or less constant touch. This was a burning issue for him. At some point he would have to speak about Takanawa’s insight. The troubling aspect of this chat was whether his friend already knew, and how or if it had influenced the ‘streamlining’ he’d just delivered to the crumbling Oslo project management. James couldn’t help but wonder what he was walking into. Nevertheless, the one person of whom he was confident had no axe to grind, was Toshihiko Takanawa. The man who didn’t want to hear from him again. On a more positive note, the last few hours of revelation, claim and counter-claim, had only sharpened his desire to get to the real action – on Mars. Before he finally drifted off to sleep, he reluctantly accepted that managing the political decisions would become every bit as important as the I.T. output, if he was to short-circuit the queue to become a Martian resident.

*

Lars was walking with Karl and Axel along the beach where his son had first alerted James to a red glow in the sea. It was that observation which lit the blue touch paper of the entire investigation. As Lars was musing over every twist which had followed the analytical results of the very first stone, he could hardly believe it was such a short time ago. Karl was busy throwing sticks for Axel to chase when his father caught sight of a figure wading in the water. He stopped walking, called Karl to bring the dog back and felt a slight shiver. He’d experienced several days of pure isolation since the withdrawal of the submersibles. Surely not, why would they be resuming an activity which already had people at each other’s throats.
He felt anger rising as he approached the individual. However, he was surprised by the response to the question he asked this stranger.
“Have you not heard? The stones are all gone.”
“Yes, I know that,” said the man, in a dialect he didn’t immediately recognise, “I am looking for certain minerals, not stones.”
“Can I ask who you are working for?”
“You can, but I do not have to tell you. But I will. I am from the renewable energy commission of Greenland.”
“Really, and why do you want minerals from this beach?”
“You are very inquisitive. I read everything I could about your world famous stones. You may not know that hundreds of millions of years ago, Norway and Greenland collided because of geological subduction. So, I want to analyse the mineral content here and try to match it with areas in my own country.”
“And what if you can find a match?”
“Then we will search for stones like yours.”
“Do you have a permit to look for minerals here?”
“Of course, from your government to my government.”
“I see. I think I can guess what your country would do with any stones you find. Well, I will check out your story with people I know in the government.”
Lars mulled over the options. The events of the last few weeks hadn’t exactly conferred confidence in his own government when it came down to transparency. Alternatively, he knew of Garth through his friendship with James, and that he had ascended to a position of considerable influence in what remained of the stone project in Oslo. Neither of these options made him feel comfortable. With extreme reluctance he began to err on the side of contacting James. Despite the fact that his former friend had kept certain information from him, James had never burdened him with untruths. He could now see more clearly the difficult choice James had to keep quiet or risk imprisonment. In addition, he had been involved in energy production all his working life, and this is what he deduced the Greenland government were chasing, the holy grail of free energy. If a small nation like Greenland was successful, bigger predators would follow. He contacted Garth, asking him to pass a message on to James, namely that Axel had suffered a relapse.
Chapter 18

James had anticipated that the red tape in joining the WSA would be formidable, but hadn’t expected to be called in front of an immigration security control panel as a prelude. He was bombarded with questions going all the way back to his work in the UK and even which university he’d attended. Most of the concern appeared to revolve around his time as an employee in the energy sector. Particular scrutiny developed over his contacts in the nuclear power industry. He was in a dilemma. Although he hadn’t actually worked in such a plant, he knew how they operated and was reasonably literate in the principles of fission. Had they been alerted to his initial trawl for consultants to join Garth’s team, or worse still, his visit to Japan? He offered the names of those he’d originally ‘interviewed’ for the Oslo role, but didn’t mention Takanawa. All seemed to be moving forward when one of the panel asked if there was any reason he’d travelled from Oslo to Tokyo before arriving in Washington. Trying to remain unfazed by this probe, he smiled and said he’d always wanted to visit Japan since he was a kid, but had never managed to get around to making the trip.
“But, there was another reason. It’s a bit delicate in a way, however, this post is a new start for me after my wife’s passing, and I guess I have to be honest about my reasons for wanting to leave Oslo earlier than planned.”
“I see,” said the woman who’d raised the issue, “and would you enlighten us with regard to the issue in Oslo?”
“A few of the people serving on the investigation were not disclosing all information to the I.T. team as had been agreed. Some of them were from the clique of experts conducting the actual analysis of the stones, but it became evident they were being directed by politicians. One of my colleagues uncovered this via a whistle-blower in the group of experts and the scandal was exposed. Those involved have been dismissed, but a toxic atmosphere still hangs around the project, trust between the factions has to be rebuilt. I never really understood the politics involved but once I knew I was coming here, I wanted to get out of Oslo. This gave me the opportunity to see some of Japan in a short but fascinating vacation. And I will be going back someday, if my new job allows me to take extended time off.”
“Very well, Mr Sullivan. I hope you can settle in here quickly and put the toxic experience in Oslo behind you now.”

*

Arriving at the WSA headquarters, he was almost overwhelmed by the relative opulence compared to the genetic lab in Oslo. The glistening white granite structure was punctuated by at least fifty tall, tinted blue glass windows, all arranged with perfect symmetry, and accompanied by a multiplicity of grand double doors. At the pristine white reception centre he was directed to a battery of transparent elevators and told to alight on floor six, then follow the signs to the project director’s office. Her name was stylishly inset into the office door. He was waved to enter and finally met Gail Strathmore, a tall, slender executive with auburn hair and incredibly piercing deep blue eyes. She wasted no time on pleasantries.
“James Sullivan, good that you’re here at last. When can I expect the installation squad to arrive?”
“They’ll be coming with JJ in about two weeks.”
“I’m not comfortable with words like ‘about, around, probably, maybe, or approximately’ when it comes to schedules. We can chit chat later about where your group fits into the project, but I want a precise date of arrival for the equipment and personnel you’re bringing to the party. I’d like that on my desk this afternoon. You can use one of the empty offices at the end of this corridor for now. I’ve arranged a project update meeting of all section heads at 2.30 pm, so you can meet your fellow teammates then. I’m sure you can find the refectory and other facilities by asking colleagues. Now, I really have to get on with prepping for the meeting. Any questions?”
“Err, no, well yes…can I see the space we’re going to use for the I.T. equipment?”
“I thought you had all of the drawings already.”
“Yes, but drawings can’t tell the whole story. I want to check the temperature and humidity controls as well as the air filters. I assume they are operating if you think we’re late in getting here.”
“Good attitude. Speak to Pete Morrissey, he’s the go to man for that stuff. Don’t be late for the meeting.”
James dumped his briefcase and laptop in a corner office which was blessed with morning sunshine. He detested gloomy workplaces, courtesy of winter months of little daylight in Norway. His mobile vibrated.
“Hello, Garth. Well, I made it and I’ve just met my new boss, I’ve forgotten her name already but she might just be a throwback to Boudicca. I don’t think I’ll be sharing a beer with her like I did with you.”
“Just what you need, James, a really bossy lady. Anyway, I’m just touching base to tell you that your friend Lars called me and asked me to let you know that your dog has had to go back to the vet. It doesn’t sound good so maybe you should call him.”
“Ok, thanks. I need your help with the timing of the equipment arrival. What’s her face wants precise information for this afternoon. Can you get JJ to call me with shipping schedules and when the rest of the guys will be here? The info has to be definitely and not maybe, so please kick ass if necessary. I need this by noon eastern standard time.”
“Will do, if I can run down JJ. I’ll get back to you if there’s any problem.”
“No, Garth, that won’t do if you want to get off to a good start with this Gail err…Strat…err…Strathmore, that’s it, Strathmore - because she doesn’t do imprecision.”
“Whatever, relax mate. You’ll hear from me or JJ soon.”

*

James tried to resist calling Lars, because the verbal message via Garth only mentioned that Axel was in difficulty. It wasn’t a direct invitation to make contact. He wrestled with this for over an hour but as he was seeking to fill the time to receiving JJ’s call, he eventually capitulated and contacted Lars.
“Hello, Lars, I’ve spoken to Garth and I’m distraught to hear about Axel. If you need financial help to pay for any treatment I’m happy to transfer funds, whatever it takes.”
“Do not worry about it. I had to find a way to let you know what has happened here without alerting any suspicion from the Norwegian government or these protestors. Axel is fine. However, I questioned a man who was taking mineral samples from the spot where Karl found the first stone. He was quite open about it, telling me that he had permits from both our government and his in Greenland. They are looking for similar geological sites to search for more stones in his country. He did not say it directly but I am sure they are interested in doing their own analysis to see if there is potential for free nuclear energy to be harnessed. This news will cause havoc here if it becomes public. I owe you an apology as I can now see the restrictions you were working with in Oslo. Also, I know you will understand the technical side of this Greenland fiddling, having been in that industry for so many years.”
“Oh god, this isn’t something I wanted to hear. To say a little knowledge is dangerous is an understatement when it involves nuclear fission. It needs the best brains in the business to be in control of all experimentation if we’re to avoid Armageddon. You did the right thing in letting me know about this. I need to think through how to handle such a reckless initiative. I’ll call you before I decide to speak with one of my many contacts. This has to be dealt with at international level.” 
“Thank you, James. Perhaps you will visit us if you ever come back to Norway. I would like to make amends for my harsh judgement when we last said goodbye.”
“No problem. I will always come back to see Hanna’s resting place.”

*

It had been a strange day and JJ was about to add to James’ concerns. 
“Hello, you wanted an update on the equipment and the rest of us arriving at the WSA.”
“Yeah, and I could use some good news. Ok, let me have it.”
“Right, so the gear has already been documented as having landed in Washington according to the air freight guys I spoke to, which means it has to clear customs and head to your HQ.”
“Great, but when will it be here?”
“They couldn’t tell me that. Anyway, it would be easier for you to check from there. I’ll send you the contact details and you can avoid the time difference shit.”
“Bloody hell, JJ, I’ve got more than enough to do here already. Anyway, tell me - when are you leaving Oslo?”
“There’s been a bit of a glitch. Pascal and Angela have been stirring up trouble in Garth’s absence. A couple of guys have backed out at the last minute. They aren’t front line installation people but it means we’re going to be a couple light on running the system analysis before start up. I can cover for one of them short term, but we may have to recruit two bodies when I get there.”
“Fabulous. But you still haven’t said when you’ll be here.”
“A little sooner than planned because of this glitch, we fly three days from now. So, see you soon.”
“At last, a bit of good news. However, I’m concerned about hiring so quickly over here. Garth’s system is unique and experience is paramount. You may have to cover for both of the two deserters unless Garth can spare another one of his team to get us up and running. This must be possible, as they haven’t got such a heavy workload in Oslo any more. They’re restricted to investigating the palaeontology aspects. This is your first big challenge, JJ.”
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“No, no, you’ll bloody well sort it out as I’ve just said. We can’t afford to screw up at the first hurdle. Call me back as soon as you know who we can borrow for a few weeks to plug the gap. Got it?”
“Yeah, yeah. I can’t wait to get the hell out of here.”
“I know what you mean… oh shit! I’m going to be late for the project briefing by our new Fuhrer. I have to go now, JJ. Cheers.”
James gathered his prepared notes and ran through the maze of corridors to the auditorium, only to find the presentation had started.
“It’s very considerate of you to join us, Mr Sullivan,” snarled Gail Strathmore, raising a tide of muted laughter from the assembled audience, “a nice way to introduce yourself as someone who has a problem with punctuality. I just hope this system of yours will deliver reliable information when we get it running. You can bring us up to date after my briefing, assuming of course that you know when the equipment will arrive. As I don’t do rehash, I’m afraid you’ll have to obtain the actionable items I covered prior to your entrance in the best way you can.”
She returned to her presentation, articulating her list of deadlines with incredible speed and precision without missing a beat. James remembered a phrase from one of his old university professors. ‘You only get one chance to make a first impression’. He hadn’t covered himself in glory, yet his mind was stuck on what Lars had told him.
Chapter 19

At last James received confirmation from JJ, and the news was better than expected. The aircraft had landed slightly ahead of the scheduled time and there were three extra engineers with him. Garth hadn’t put up much resistance to loaning these guys for the installation, but insisted they returned to Oslo as soon as the system was up and running, checks implemented, and interfaced with the WSA database.
He began to tidy his desk before setting off to the airport when he caught sight of a note, left and signed by Wes Harris. ‘James, just wanted to offer any help I can. Don’t get too down about Gail’s tirade for being late for her show. She’s like this with everyone to begin with. She then cuts a bit of slack for those whose true value becomes evident. The rest either have to up their game or be replaced. Give me a call if there’s anything you need to know. I’d recommend a guided tour of the place, otherwise it can be daunting trying to locate people solely from the layout drawings. I can show you around when you have a couple of hours free’.
There was an internal extension number and he made contact there and then. “Hello, Wes. I’ve just seen your note and wanted to say I’d definitely like to take up your offer. I have to meet with my team now as they’re already at the airport, so when would be best for you?”
“Have you arranged transport for them?”
“Yes I hired a twelve-seater vehicle for them to collect. I want to ride back with my right-hand man alone because I have a few questions I need to ask him.”
“Ok, but finding your way around the airport is a nightmare at present with all kinds of blocked roads and diversions. I can take you if you like, I know how to get through the stationary traffic and I have a blue badge for priority parking.”
“Great, I’ll meet you down at reception in five.” 
As they took the back road to the airport, Wes suggested that James didn’t take Gail Strathmore’s attitude too seriously.
“It’s not personal, she treats everyone like that at the start. It seems to be a defensive ploy because she’s actually an insecure person. I guess you noticed she doesn’t do first names, and that’s why she addresses people with a title when she first meets them, you know – Mr, Ms, Mrs, Dr, Sir, and stuff like that. However, you only get that once. Then it becomes Harris in my case and Sullivan in yours.”
“Oh really, well she already called me Mr Sullivan when I was in her office and then again when I was late for her presentation. So, I guess it’ll be Sullivan from now on.”
“In that case she’s either nervous because she knows nothing about your I.T. system or she’s been told by her boss to lose some of the attitude toward foreigners.”
“So, is she your boss?”
“Not really, it’s a bit of a matrix reporting structure, and that does cause some misunderstandings at times. I report to the WSA Controller, and so does Gail, but for this project, she has responsibility for its overall direction. You’ll get used to it eventually. Gail can be unintentionally abrasive and insensitive, but she’s good at what she does, and she treats everyone in exactly the same way. She’s nobody’s fool.”
“So, what exactly is your remit?”
“I’m the chief engineer. I have responsibilities ranging from the design of spacecraft to mission control protocols, although the latter is very much a team of many disciplines. You probably didn’t know that I directed the freight people as to where they should store your equipment when it docks later today. There’s a special reception area for stuff which may be sensitive to certain conditions like dust, high humidity, extremes of temperature, and just getting accidently bumped by the dozens of robots which constantly move heavy goods around.”
“Well, thanks for that, Wes, so can I ask if you are in anyway involved in the selection of astronauts who operate the Mars shuttles or the other colonists who make the trips?”
“Only with respect to familiarising them with operational aspects of the systems. In terms of determining their suitability as crew or colonists, that’s the mission of the HR chief who puts them through all of the profiling tests. Psychology and performance under stress is a very important part of any foray into the unknown, whether that is getting there or living there. It’s very easy to miss signs that a potential astronaut is going downhill mentally, as we’ve experienced on Mars already.”
“Really? Does this happen often?”
“No, but the analysis of the few incidents are pretty much off limits to everyone other than the selection people. That’s understandable in a way because morale of the entire colonisation project could be jeopardised by misinterpretation of the causes. Ok, James, here we are. I’ll park up here while you go and find your squad. Remember, I can only stay here for forty-five minutes.”

*

It didn’t take much effort to find JJ and the rest of the team, predictably leaning on one of the many bars in the arrival concourse. James explained to JJ that he wanted to speak with him privately and the others should follow in the twelve-seater. 
They made it back to the spot where Wes Harris was supposed to be, but when James checked his watch it was more than forty-five minutes since his friend had parked there. He called the number Wes had given him.
“Sorry, Wes, I found the guys quickly but the paperwork for the twelve-seater took an age to get right. Where are you?”
“I’m circling the airport looking for another spot, but stay there and I’ll come and get you. Be ready to jump in when I arrive. I already had a warning when the warden moved me on. I’ll be around three or four minutes but don’t go wandering off.”
“Ok, got it.”
JJ was impatient to know why James had asked him to hive off from the rest of the team. 
“Tell me about the new people who are loaned to us, JJ, just their names. I’ll make my own mind up as to their capability.”
“Oh that, yeah, one is an original guy who dropped out, and we managed to change his mind. Garth gave him a new contract. The other is actually the whistle-blower, you know, the one Angela pressured into leaking the report which got most of the experts fired.”
“What? What the hell use is she going to be?”
“Hold on James, her line of expertise is inorganic and biochemistry. She’s also literate in I.T. I checked her out thoroughly. You need to speak with her yourself of course, but she won’t let us down.”
“Maybe not, but she might not let Garth down either.”
“Sorry, I’m confused. How could she let him down anyway?”
“Think about it when you aren’t jet lagged. The penny might drop. Ok, that’s two, what about the third one?”
“Some problem with immigration, he was held back. It looks like he’ll be sent back.”
Wes screeched the tyres as he took the last corner.
“Come on, get in and flash your twelve seater to follow. The warden is on his way back, we need to get out of here. I don’t want a ninety dollar fine for returning within the allotted time slot.”
The journey back was convivial as both James and Wes prepared JJ for his first meeting with Gail Strathmore. However, this was to be rescheduled. She texted him to meet with her for a one-to-one as soon as they returned. There was no hint of an agenda or any urgent issue she wanted to raise. When he told the others, Wes just smiled, raising one eyebrow.
“This is Gail, James, and figuring out the whys and wherefores won’t be productive until you know her a little better. It’s probably nothing important, most likely she needs to tick a box of some kind.”
“Right. I hope you’re listening to all this, JJ, because this is part of the preparation we’ve just been talking about, and it’s your turn next.”
“Can’t wait,” mumbled JJ, “but isn’t it more urgent to settle the team in and open the crates containing the system to make sure they aren’t damaged?”
“Probably, so maybe you could mention that when you meet her.”
“Not a good idea,” interjected Wes, “indulge her until she begins to adjust to the new elements of this project, of which you’re an integral part. She gets to grips with things pretty quickly.” 

*

“Sit down please, Sullivan. I want a list of all your personnel, their functions, your assessment of their abilities, and whether you need any U.S. equivalents to minimise problems with merging your system into our own. I take it that you had no problems at the airport?”
“No, it went pretty smoothly. Wes Harris offered to help me navigate my way through the congested arrivals maze.”
“Yes, I know, I had already asked him to speak with you. Harris is a very reliable person and good with new people. So, before I meet your staff, I want the data I just asked for. Do you have any questions?”
“Well, I would like to check out the hardware which Wes has kindly stored in a safe place. Can your list wait until I do that?”
“How long will it take?”
“Around two hours, maybe three.”
“Sullivan, clocks were invented so that humans could arrange things in an orderly manner. Punctuality is paramount for me. Estimates tend to leave room for excuses when the schedule is adversely affected. Take another four minutes to refine the required time to complete the inspection of your equipment while I speak with palaeontology, then I’ll decide whether I want the list first. Do you understand?”
“Err, yes. As you wish.”
“It’s not a wish, Sullivan, it’s a requirement. Please begin your calculation now.”
James began to wonder how this woman had managed to scale the heights of management with such an apparently dysfunctional attitude.
As Gail’s metronomic conversation with some poor sod in palaeontology proceeded, he failed to stay focussed on his four minute deadline. Was he really hearing that the latest update from Mars included the discovery of fossils, suggesting that the planet had been able to support life as we know it a long time ago? These finds weren’t precisely at the coordinates inscribed in the Oslo stones, but they were close enough to accept they could be part of a bigger haul.
When she terminated the conversation and turned to James, she merely said, “Well?”
“Yes, two hours will be sufficient.”
“For exactly what? To prepare the list or to complete the inspection of your equipment?”
“The latter, it will only take a few minutes to compile the list.”
“Very well, report back to me in two hours and ten minutes. Immediately after that I have a meeting with the Director of Space Operations and I am always punctual. Always being truthful when reporting information was originally more important to me than punctuality. But I found that more senior officers than myself often told me that it was sometimes necessary to hold back information or ‘spin’ it in a different way. I have difficulty with that, however, I’m beginning to learn when I can and cannot tell my subordinates everything they need to know, until they need to know. That’s why punctuality is so important to me. It is a counterbalance to withholding sensitive information. Of course there are occasions when I realise I’m not being given the raw truth by those senior to me, so I just ask when I will be informed. This conversation I’ve just had with palaeontology is a good example. They know more than they told me. I will ask about it again soon. Be back here on time, Sullivan.”
Chapter 20

Apart from the odd scratches on VDUs and one missing back up unit, the equipment was undamaged by its transatlantic journey.
James knocked on Strathmore’s office door and entered.
“I’m pleased to let you know that we only have minor damage to report with regard to the system components, and there’s nothing we can’t replace either from American supplies or by electronic transfer from Norway.”
“Excellent,” said Strathmore, patently annoyed about something, “then please utilise the remaining ten minutes efficiently before you give me the personnel data list I asked for.”
“I can let you have it now. My assistant, JJ compiled it while I checked the components.”
“Leave it on my desk please. Punctuality is precisely that, Sullivan, not late and not early, simply at the time agreed. Inefficiency breeds amongst small talk and casual attitude towards the schedules of others. I’ll let you know if I need any additional data from this JJ person right after the briefing I must attend. Palaeontology needs to explain certain new discoveries to myself and Harris.”
“Ok, actually, I couldn’t help hearing your side of the conversation when you spoke to them earlier. Could I also attend the briefing?”
“No, otherwise I’d have told you to be there. I will brief you when I return if that is deemed appropriate.”
“Yes, but our system has to cover every aspect of this investigation, including palaeontology and…”
“I am aware of that. However your system isn’t running yet and there may be items which won’t yet be disclosed to personnel with your clearance level. I will be given guidance on this. Surely you should begin assembling your components and demonstrate to me exactly what it does. I’m looking forward to seeing how you rank the input and output of all data. Arrange a time to do this when you are confident it is running correctly, not before.”
She politely asked him to leave the office. James began to wonder whether working for Gail Strathmore would adversely affect his chances of ever getting to Mars. He couldn’t imagine she would be considered, should she have the desire. But then again, her personality aberration could be considered an advantage in coping with prolonged spells of boredom on an alien planet. Now wasn’t the time to make premature judgements.

*

Eleven people attended the briefing given by Paul Jacobsen. It began without reference to previously accepted but not yet completely validated concepts as to the differences between the two planets.
“The geologic histories of Mars and Earth are quite different, partly because of the internal dynamics of the planets and partly because of the differing effects of the atmospheres and oceans. Earth's geology is governed by the effects of plate tectonics. The rigid outer shell of the Earth is divided into plates that move laterally with respect to one another. Where plates diverge, new crust forms. But where they converge, one plate generally rides under the other to form a subduction zone. Thick sediments can accumulate in a subduction zone and these may ultimately be compressed, partially melted, and uplifted to form linear mountain chains of folded and partly metamorphosed rocks, such as the Andes and the Himalayas. Melting of a single subduction plate as it moves down into the mantle may also give rise to volcanism in the entire subduction zone. Where plates move laterally with respect to one another, they form faults such as that of San Andreas. The present configuration of the Earth's surface is therefore a partial record of the motion of different plates with respect to one another.”
There were yawns gathering around the room. Many attendees felt they didn’t need such a lecture when they had pressing issues in their own remits. However, Jacobsen pressed on.
“Mars displays little evidence of such plate motion. The crust appears very stable. Long linear mountain chains and subduction zones are pretty much absent, and faults like San Andreas are rare. Its geologic history is thus very different from that of the Earth.
“Crustal stability on Mars results in the preservation of much older features. On Earth, surface materials are recycled at a relatively rapid rate by erosional processes and subduction. The two processes are commonly interdependent; for example, erosion is greatly increased in mountainous regions along subduction zones. On Mars, however, recycling of crustal materials is extremely slow, as evidenced by the preservation of large areas of old, densely cratered terrain that probably dates back approximately four billion years.”
Despite having lost most of the audience by now, Jacobsen wasn’t deterred.
“Crustal stability may also be the cause of the large size of the Martian volcanoes. On Earth, volcanoes are limited in size because plate motion usually carries them away from the magma source. On Mars, however, a volcano remains over its source and can continue to grow as long as magma is available. The preservation of features billions of years old on the Martian surface indicates extremely low erosion rates. On Earth, most erosion results from running water. Small channels in the old cratered terrain of Mars are evidence of an early period of fluvial action, but survival of the old craters indicates that this period was short. For most of the planet's history, wind has probably been the main erosive agent. Despite giant dust storms, however, the wind clearly has not been very efficient in eroding the surface, because so much old terrain survives. Most of the wind's action probably involves reworking previously eroded debris.”
The restlessness was contagious and several individuals were about to ask him to get to the point.
“About 15 million years ago, a major asteroid impact on Mars threw a new celestial body, ALH84001, into space, and about 13,000 years ago it fell onto an ice field in Antarctica. ALH84001, which shows little evidence of terrestrial weathering, was discovered by meteorite-hunting scientists in 1984 and only recently identified as Martian.”
The import of this suddenly caused a surge of attention.
“We have determined that the composition of this ancient Martian relic is very similar to the stones found in Oslo. Can I just remind everyone that 400 million years ago Norway was situated in the tropical zones of planet Earth? With time, as we all know, Norway slowly moved northwards towards its present-day high-latitude position.
“I would also urge you to think about another aspect of our investigation. Plutonium is made from U-238. Pu-239 is normally created in nuclear reactors by transmutation of individual atoms of one of the isotopes of uranium present in the fuel rods. Occasionally, when an atom of U-238 is exposed to neutron radiation, its nucleus will capture a neutron, changing it to U-239. We have just recently found radioactivity in this gift from Mars to Antarctica.”
Hands were raised to ask questions, but Jacobsen asked for a little more patience.
“The evolution of spiders has been going on for at least 380 million years, since the first true thin-waisted arachnids evolved from crab-like ancestors. More than forty-five thousand extant species have so far been identified. To that end an international team of researchers from the Aarhus University in Denmark and the Beijing Genomics Institute in China completed the mapping of their findings and they came as a bit of a surprise. The scientists found that there were certain genetic similarities between humans and the eight legged arthropods. Unlike other arthropods whose genomes are very different compared to humans, spiders have longer introns and shorter exons, which are definitely similar to those of humans. Introns and exons are parts of a gene. Exons are the parts of genes responsible for coding proteins.
“Furthermore, it is estimated that the general class of insects originated on Earth about 480 million years ago, in the Ordovician period, at about the same time terrestrial plants appeared. Insects, like arachnids evolved from a group of crustaceans. The first insects were land bound, but about 400 million years ago in the Devonian period, one lineage of insects acquired flight, the first animals to do so. The oldest definitive insect fossil, Rhyniognatha Hirsti, is estimated to be 407 to 396 million years old. Global climate conditions changed several times during the history of Earth, and along with it, so did the diversity of insects. The winged insects underwent a major radiation in the Carboniferous period, 356 to 299 million years ago, while the Endopterygota, insects that go through different life stages with metamorphosis, underwent another major radiation in the Permian period, 299 to 252 million years ago. I know many of you are clamouring to ask questions right now, but may I suggest you first consider the question I asked myself. ‘Is all of this merely a coincidence’? I’ve wrestled with this since I knew the composition of the messenger, ALH84001, which has been navigating the short journey as the crow flies from Mars to Antarctica by wandering around the solar system for 15 million years. Its geological story has been lying there for 13,000 years. We are still waiting for more precise original dating of the Martian rock itself, however, it would throw up a few curveballs if that coincides with the same period of time that insects and arachnids were evolving on Earth. Add to that the presence of radiation in that rock and we could be forgiven for jumping to premature conclusions. A period of reflection may be the best way to evaluate the evidence, especially as the colonists on Mars have now discovered some stones of their own. Thank you.”
The level of excitement kicked up several notches in the auditorium, people were unable to lock down their imagination, with one exception. Gail Strathmore noted that she should speak with Sullivan immediately, even if it had been set in stone in her schedule that it was supposed to be an hour from now. Something had dislodged punctuality from its prime spot, albeit temporarily.

*

James was really annoyed to be dragged away from setting up the system at such short notice.
“There’s been a change in priorities, Sullivan,” said Gail Strathmore unsympathetically, “we need your system up and running immediately.”
“Oh really, well it was you who wanted this personnel list and I’m afraid we can’t short cut the installation of our system.”
“Yes, I apologise for the inconvenience, but this presentation by Jacobsen worries me. He asked for everyone to think about a possible connection between the constitution of a meteor from Mars which landed in Antarctica, the origin of spiders and insects, the stones found in Oslo, and the latest ones located by the Mars colonists. This is speculation, and as interesting as it may be, it is not underpinned by logic. I do not want to chase pipedreams on this project, so I need your system to keep our investigation on track. I accept that you have limited numbers of people to perform the installation and commissioning of the equipment, so I can draft in extra qualified individuals to help you. They don’t have to be familiar with the special features of the coding and other proprietary stuff, they can be employed to assist with the hardware connectivity as they are highly qualified staff. They will report to you and thus you can divert your own people to begin checking out the operational conformance and run through the necessary checklists. Do you accept my proposal?”
“Err, how many can you spare?”
“Ten, maybe twelve. Is that sufficient?”
‘Maybe’, thought James. ‘She doesn’t use words like that’. He decided to challenge her.
“I suppose. Are you really opposed to people thinking about such links and apparent coincidences? It can stimulate the mind to be more open to other possibilities.”
“Of course, but we need all of the data for consolidating theories and hypotheses to justify expending time and resource on proving them. We do not yet have all of the data which will be available from a full analysis of all stones discovered on Mars. We have no idea how many there will be. Would your system draw attention to that?”
“It would indeed. However, it would ascribe a coefficient of probability, because you’re correct, we won’t know if we have all of the stones available on Mars for quite some time.”
“If you don’t mind me saying so, you are not a very convincing person with respect to selling the advantages of your technology. I’ll make arrangements for twelve people to be temporarily transferred to your department this afternoon at sixteen hundred hours.”
Chapter 21

With the extra pairs of hands, JJ exceeded his own expectations by getting the system up and running - bug-free in less than thirty-six hours. It had also galvanised the American and European operatives, working side by side and sharing ideas regarding other areas in which similar logic-driven analytical equipment could be used to test or even challenge ‘set in stone’ commandments.
Such burgeoning appetite for cross-disciplinary project design didn’t take long to find a path to Gail Strathmore.
“Sullivan, I want to speak with you and JJ as soon as possible, but I have to attend a checklist session on overall mission status for the next Mars shuttle. Both of you should make yourself available as soon as this ends. I must allow two hours for this, so be in my office at 14.00 hrs. Also, I don’t like multiple repetitive syllables when referring to my staff, so I’ll just refer to your subordinate as Jay. Please pass on my satisfaction to him for his good work.”
“Right. Are we allowed to know in advance what it is you want to discuss with us?”
“I assumed you would know. Obviously an oversight on my part. I want to be present at the first dry run of your system. If that’s the reason for your question then you’ll have to wait until I know what the checklist throws up at the session I’m about to attend. And I can’t be late for that.”
James was intrigued, not just about what she thought she was going to learn from the dry run, but what connection its output might possibly have to the next manned Mars mission.

*

After a couple of minutes of contemplation it hit him.
If it was about travelling to Mars, Wes Harris would be at the sharp end of any developments. He called Wes but frustratingly there was no reply. James summoned JJ and passed on Gail Strathmore’s lukewarm praise, and turned the conversation to the upcoming dry run of their system.
“What input does Garth need to have before we go live? Assuming there are no glitches.”
“Do you mean operational input or security clearance levels?”
“Both.”
“We will only need to let him know that it went well operationally, unless it doesn’t. If that happens he’ll be hell to deal with. Because it was his brainchild he thinks he knows more about the ins and outs than anyone, whereas his grip on how the cascade tiers work is actually pretty basic. We’d have to handle him delicately so that he doesn’t get pissed off. It’ll be ok, we’ve been there before. However, when it comes to security it’s a different ball game, he’ll be a total pain. He won’t want any outsiders above level one involved, which equates to zero code access. If you were thinking that the American guys who helped us get to where we are should be included in higher level stuff, forget it, it isn’t going to happen. That is, unless we ask for their clearance.”
“So, Gail Strathmore as a senior officer would be kept at level one?”
“Absolutely, he thinks the top guys are the greatest risk. But, like I said, we don’t have to ask him. I’ve had to deal with this a lot. Garth is so paranoid about this, but unless I had allowed certain suppliers into the loop without his blessing we’d never have got the damned thing to work at all. You and I can just insist everyone signs a non-disclosure agreement commensurate with their rank, and a ridiculously high litigation clause, it has always worked so far.”
“You mean there are already people out there who could replicate Garth’s system?”
“Yep, quite a few. Garth doesn’t need to know that, he’d just worry himself to a premature demise if he did. I worked on cracking ciphers before Garth recruited me for this job, he thought that might come in handy one day. Well, it has, because apart from the litigation threat, I placed my own ciphers in the cascade so that anyone trying to purloin the intellectual property would run into a dead end even if they had security clearance. I didn’t do this to make myself indispensable, merely to get the bloody system approved. Garth couldn’t see he was a serious roadblock. He needs to stick to what he’s good at – selling.”
James was quite dumfounded, yet stumbled through some kind of endorsement of what JJ had revealed. Returning to the thrust of his original question he rephrased it as a demand.
“Fine, but listen carefully. I want to be aware of which individuals are allowed to be on this privileged list. Both the ones you’ve already approved and those you intend to allow access in future. I’m not going to throw any spanners into the works right now, but you and I need leverage to ensure we can trust each other implicitly. Starting with Gail Strathmore.”
JJ nodded wistfully and promised to hand James a list of names and clearance levels of whom Garth had no knowledge.

*

Gail arrived back in her office slightly ahead of schedule, accompanied by Wes Harris. 
“We only have a few minutes, Harris, so be brief.”
“Gail, what we’ve just been told changes everything I had planned. I half expected that the next shuttle date would be brought forward, but to squeeze another cargo vessel in as well will put us under severe pressure, and that often causes mistakes, and for what gain? Simply to make a statement to the world that we owe its citizens the ‘theory which explains everything’ while the colonisation takes second stage. I’m not just going to accept this without additional justification in real terms, otherwise lives will be lost.”
“I sympathise with your concerns, but you won’t convince the hierarchy. They control us and politicians control them. I would really like to support you but they asked me to take on the investigation into these stones as part of this next Mars mission, which had already been planned. I can’t see how I can help you with verbal protest and fulfil my remit at the same time. We have to be smarter. I’d like you to stay for my imminent meeting with Sullivan and his subordinate. I was already concerned about speculation overtaking facts, and I want this system of theirs to help me make that point over and over again, without emotions running the show. I’d advise you to do the same. I know there is a lot of mistrust of putting binary logic ahead of expert opinion by some, but the former has of itself no agenda. We can’t say that about people, expert or not.”
“So, how will it help me with this new insane change to the schedules?”
“The way I see it is to keep total focus on feeding the system with facts, as opposed to pet theories which have been supplied by and decided as crucial by the very experts who’ve won such influence in changing the schedules. They can’t have it both ways without being bombarded with questions they can’t answer. Harris, think about the actual cargo they want to send to Mars. It is way more sophisticated than anything we’ve ever built. This kind of accelerating research may look good in reports, but various things go wrong, and designs are altered accordingly to overcome problems, marginalising the cost in human lives. Surely these unborn machines will have to be piloted by robots from the very first day on Mars. Tell me that no one can argue with that.”
“Keep talking, Gail, I’m beginning to see a tunnel but no light yet.”
“Focus on doing what they want by relentlessly drawing attention in advance to the perils of ignoring well-researched and well-presented evidence to get it right at the first time of asking. I think we both know this is all about putting the story to bed before the Russians muscle in on the narrative. One of the main reasons my investigation was transferred from Europe to the U.S. was precisely because the ‘experts’ couldn’t handle being wrong so often. Do you think that won’t happen here? It would be a reasonable suggestion to have Sullivan’s system on Mars before you begin building these exploration machines. Crunching all Martian photographic and reported survey items prior to constructing the machines could well buy you time to at least design the robots concurrently with the machines rather than as a belated testimony to dead astronauts.”
“You make it sound so convincing, Gail. Although I have to say you’re right. We’re dealing with risk takers and blame shifters, get there ahead of the Russians at all costs.”
“Speaking of convincing, you may have to help me become one of these astronauts. I don’t fit very well in this world. You are my friend, and I don’t have many.” 

*

Lars was in the process of finalising his letter to James. The appearance of the man from Greenland had been noticed by someone other than himself. It just had to be one of the more militant citizens who was hell-bent on grabbing headlines to support the assertion that the Norwegian government was continuing to deceive those who’d put them in office. Lars had tried to reason with this man, advocating using the freedom of information act to build a case in a rational way. However, the protester wasn’t having any of that.
“Listen carefully, Lars. The corruption runs very deep with the political class. They have layer on layer of people they pay to sing the song of the politicians’ choice. The freedom of information act is only a door into the first chamber, which is heavily alarmed. These early warnings set in motion a rapid closure of ranks, preventing awareness of the door to the next chamber. How many such chambers do you imagine exist?”
“I have known you since you were a runny-nosed little boy, Sven, and you haven’t changed at all. Playing football, you always demanded where to play in the team. It didn’t take a genius to see you wanted to avoid defensive duty, you had to share in the glory of scoring goals, even though you were too slow to be a striker. It is the same in this situation, you want to make claims without proof. Unfortunately, people listen to hotheads who offer hope over substance. I am as concerned as you about our government granting this man from Greenland permission to take samples from our beach. Did you speak to him? I will answer that for you – no, you did not. I was told by one of my friends that you reported he was from our government, back to take more secret stones without our knowledge. It was only when I told the true story to the villagers that you came up with your version that Norway was involved with Greenland in secret experiments to capture nuclear energy for free. We have to get proof of this before we incite more riots, unless that is exactly what you want – social unrest. Why don’t we investigate this together first?”
“It is too late, old man. I have taken my own mineral samples from the same spot as the Greenland man. I have sent them to a newspaper in Oslo, asking them to do laboratory checks and publish the results for the people to decide if we are being fed lies again.”
“And you trust the press? The organisations who survive on selling sensational allegations. Could you show me exactly where you took the samples from?”
“You know that already, you saw him digging on the beach.”
“Yes, I saw him, but he wasn’t taking samples from the beach itself. He was wading in the sea.”
“Same thing to me, Lars. The sea comes and goes.”
“Of course, but the man had detection equipment and do you think he would be waist deep struggling to get samples if he could just dig them out of the sand?”
“Leave me alone. Just wait for the results.”
Lars was no expert but insisted that Sven took him to the precise location where the Greenland Man was scanning. It turned out to be at least forty-five metres distant from where Lars had left a marker. His letter to James suggested that there may be imminent news bulletins making bogus claims of a conspiracy between corrupt governments. He added that there could be some substance in amongst the fantasy, so the story was just beginning.
Chapter 22

James was contemplating a risky manoeuvre. Despite his ultimate goal of getting to Mars, he felt the need to determine if Gail Strathmore may have kept something from him. He’d begun to respect her, regardless of her ‘peculiarities’. However, he couldn’t let go of the fact that he had heard one side of her conversation with someone in palaeontology about the discovery of fossils. After that interesting but harmless revelation there were long periods when she listened intently without reply. These fossils were found near but not at the coordinates predicted by the Oslo stones. He could understand the need for security clearance levels for sensitive information, but these fossils were surely not in any classified category.  And yet, in a few minutes she was going to speak with him in the presence of JJ about the urgency of interfacing his I.T. system with the WSA database, having belatedly admitted that the Martian colonists had found some stones of their own. Then she had clammed up, not disclosing any further details of how many, where they were found, or what they looked like. Something didn’t sit right, insofar as she had made brief reference to a presentation given by someone named Jacobsen that she’d attended around the same time. Her reaction to some of Jacobsen’s assertions was strenuously critical, dismissing it as no more than speculation. James knew that Wes Harris had also attended the same presentation. This was his conundrum, would Wes be discreet or be prepared to fill in some of the blanks? Would he inform Gail of his back door approach? He couldn’t rid himself of the feeling that she would see such behaviour as betrayal. The dilemma was put on the back burner when Wes surprisingly turned up for the meeting Gail had arranged with himself and JJ. Hopefully there would be a better time to stick his neck out.
“I have asked Harris to join us because there may be some advantage his engineers can benefit from by having access to your I.T. system. So, Sullivan, we need to know when you plan to authorise the dry run.”
An awkward silence ensued. JJ tried to disguise a smile by staring at the patterned wooden floor. James glanced at Wes Harris, anticipating some pearl of wisdom as to how the system could assist his people. 
“Well, Sullivan do you have a date in mind?” reiterated Strathmore.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t understand what you expect our system, with its current structure, could do for engineering.”
“Then please elaborate as to why you don’t understand.”
“It’s very simple. With subjects like palaeontology and radioactivity, or anything which has comprehensive documented historical concepts in abundance, our system looks for caveats, a kind of devil’s advocate. It’s quick, it’s thorough, and it misses nothing. Humans still have to evaluate its output to check if they missed something the system flags up. That’s the first platform for debate. The I.T. output won’t alter its coefficient of probability unless or until some new overriding proof is input. What you seem to be suggesting is that it could advise on the creation of something which as yet only exists in the minds of Wes and his people. At least I’m guessing that it doesn’t exist right now. Of course if the new ideas were input they could be ranked in the context of known data. This is where we will get mired in controversy. Intellectual property becomes the arbiter of whether the output is useful or grossly distorted. I can’t imagine the WSA breaching its own security clearance levels to allow our people access to the input data we’d need. If I’m wrong about that, we can certainly consider a trial, pending reciprocal clearance by our boss for your people to access his intellectual property domain.”
Wes nodded in unison with JJ. Gail Strathmore’s piercing blue eyes widened.
“You have indeed elaborated, Sullivan. However, there are twin purposes in my suggestion. If your system can be used as a referral facility, without full interfacing, it can still be useful by making sure we rigorously look at every coefficient you produce. The first purpose falls into your devil’s advocate category with respect to retrieving information from these stones. The second is to potentially save lives of astronauts charged with operating untried machines. Coefficients are better than guesses, and you have heard of C.A.D. engineering, haven’t you? This is an opportunity to earn credibility for your system and apply a brake to irresponsible haste from our taskmasters.”
She looked at Wes, hoping to see support. It wasn’t forthcoming. What she said next answered James’ concern that she had withheld information deemed to be sensitive.
“The Martian colonists have found stones as well as fossils. I told you that already, Sullivan. However, the ones at the coordinates indicated by those found in Oslo merely gave further directions. They point to a completely different site, one set in dangerously mountainous terrain. I cannot divulge further information, but we will need to design equipment with wholly new capability if we are to access this site. Unless we do this, we will put many colonists’ lives at risk. Trust and integrity are required here, so I have taken the first step. Speak to your boss and let us know if he will do the same. I take full responsibility for disclosing what I have and I ask you and Jay to respect that.”
They both nodded their agreement. Wes Harris spoke at last.
“Listen, guys. Gail has gone out on a limb here, she has more guts than I do when it comes to walking a tightrope. We owe her absolute loyalty.”
“Yes, that’s a nice way to put it, Harris, said Gail, “but I need a date for this dry run. Sullivan, you should get back to me on that by the end of the day.” 

*

Having fired the starting pistol to his team, JJ wandered back to James’ office.
“The guys are building up steam for the dry run now, so you can tell Wonder Woman that we’ll know by tomorrow morning whether we have a green light.”
“Great. Now, JJ, our last conversation regarding whether Garth needs to know of people having clearance beyond level one – are we good to turn a blind eye to Gail Strathmore being the first new addition to your list?”
“Sure, as long as she doesn’t baulk at signing a non-disclosure agreement. It’s total bullshit but it gives people like her a hoop to jump through. She seems to be a bit of a cross between a stickler for the rules and a maverick when she needs to be. I trust her more than I trust Garth.”
“Ok, but I’d put money on her running it past some legal guy.”

*
“Come in, Sullivan. You have news?”
“Yeah. The dry run setup has been initiated and we’ll know first thing tomorrow if we have any problems.”
“At what time precisely?”
“Well, the run should finish in the small hours, but there’s no point in being here then because we need the entire team present if there are adjustments to be made.”
“On the contrary. I want to know if we have delays as soon as possible. I’ll work through the night. Delegate one of your people to contact me when the run is over.”
“And if it’s good to go, what difference will a few hours make?”
“Do I need to know you’re desperate to go to Mars?”
“Err, uh, I didn’t tell you that, did I?”
“It was to Harris.”
“So, why did he tell you?”
“Because he wants to help you, and he’s the only WSA employee who knew that I want to go to Mars as well. And now you know. Trust goes both ways.”
“Maybe, but how does it help me that you know I want to go?”
“Because I have decided that I won’t be promoted any further here because of doubts over my management of people. I also have a very close friend who has input to the approval of new colonists.”
“Aha, an inside track?”
“Not quite. More like an outside track. He’s already on Mars. He’s very particular about the kind of person he wants during this phase of colonisation. Do we have an understanding?”
“Jesus! And here’s me thinking that Oslo was riddled with sub agendas. For me, this is totally a no-brainer. I’ll also stay here overnight and come for you when the dummy run terminates.”
“Good. Listen, Sullivan, all three of us - you, me and Harris are all putting our careers on the line here, I know that, but we also have something to gain by helping one another. I realised pretty late in my first two jobs after coming raw from university that companies resemble icebergs in terms of composition. The carefully sculptured truths float above the line and the hazards associated with reality are hidden in the depths. It was obvious that I’d never be astute in a political sense, so I came to an organisation whose ethos was portrayed as impeccable. However, the more polished the company halo, the greater the shock at the tide of weak chameleons happily walking over the throats of their colleagues to enhance their own prospects. When it comes down to analysing what it means to be a ‘good soldier’ there are lines I simply cannot cross. Harris isn’t quite so inflexible but he is very reliable in his own way. Unlike the two of us, he may be obliged to travel to Mars with a freight shuttle to oversee the assembly of whatever he comes up with in terms of gigantic earth-moving equipment. I convinced him that he needs robots, not humans, to operate these leviathans in such a hostile environment. Little or no atmosphere, toxic radiation, wind storms like we’ve never seen before, with the only re-supply chain for spares and medicines millions of miles away. We’ll definitely have to navigate around the official line on several fronts without alerting suspicion. The big problem we can’t talk about is the Russians. They could have fooled everyone and then beat us to uncovering the mystery of the stones. Alternatively, they could be intent on herding us into reckless engineering policy purely sanctioned so that it will be us, the WSA who will be first to solve a mere riddle. I have been told that the Russians are a long way from having a competitive colonisation to roll out. Some would call their bluff, I would let them think they have us where they want us. I feel a calling to help bring stability to our colony. I haven’t heard what your motivation is regarding throwing your life away on an airless dust ball.”
“I really identify with your calling, but it’s not thought through and rationalised in your usual dispassionate way, brainwashing me with logic a la Gail Strathmore. Exactly what is it that drives you to get to Mars? Until recently, I had an idyllic life which descended into utter oblivion. When I stopped feeling sorry for myself it suddenly occurred to me that the only way I could truly recover such quality of life was to engage in an exceptional crusade. If I can do that there will be a reconnection with what I lost, and I’d die happy on Mars if I was lucky enough to be selected. The isolation and improvisation required to survive there appeals to me, whether or not we solve the mystery of these stones.”
“I like that Sullivan, simple and unpretentious. The reality, however, is that the decisions on selecting the personnel for the next six missions will be brought forward, purely because of the glory to be gained from solving the riddle of these bloody stones. What a farce! I await your call without asking for a schedule, but only in this one instance.”
   
Chapter 23

Red Alert

The Martian Dichotomy had played a major role in the selection of the WSA’s first human colonisation site on the planet. The contrasting terrain between the Northern lowlands and the Southern highlands made the regional choice quite simple. Mountainous territory was discounted on the basis that it would hamper exploration and the building of infrastructure.
The Northern landscape, although predominantly smoother than its counterpart, did have valleys and canyons scattered over the hemisphere. The most notable of these bewildering natural features became known as Valles Marineris. Comparing it to the Grand Canyon in the United States was a helpful yardstick when the choice was made.
Valles Marineris is 4000 km long and reaches depths of up to 7 km. whereas the Grand Canyon in Arizona is about 800 km long and 1.6 km deep.
If indeed the information extracted from the stones found on Earth had been reliably interpreted, it wasn’t only Homo Sapiens that chose this particular region as their foundation for a colony.
The coordinates indicated by the Oslo stones was just over thirty-two kilometres away from where these original Earth-born Martians had planted their new seeds of life.
However, the alien coordinates under investigation were but a geological safety deposit box in a stable zone. The contents of that cavern, exposed by the new colonists were explicit in denoting that further information could only be found at other locations. The principal coordinates referred to a dense cluster of sites which corresponded to a low point in the Valles Marineris canyon, which wasn’t more than two and a half kilometres from the human outpost. A stroke of fortune or a slightly sinister coincidence? 
The canyon itself was an awe-inspiring sight. It had been described by Gabriel Moreau as the most ‘hypnotic’ vision he’d ever encountered. He insisted that some of its shifting character was like life itself, displaying hues of every conceivable colour which altered dramatically throughout the Martian day. Added to that, the fluctuating data such as oscillating magnetic readings from various depths and points of the planet’s compass were as yet inexplicable.
Moreau, as nominal patriarch of the pioneers, had successfully nurtured a mini meritocracy from the day he left Earth orbit. He insisted that clinging to the concept of promissory wealth, whether by proxy bank notes or systems of barter would cause division. Everything was shared and openly discussed, especially what would have been deemed as ‘sensitive’ information back on Terra. Living in a dust bowl which offered completely new threats to oxygen-dependent life had to become a ‘religion’. He also made no apology for using the deaths of twelve colonists so far, as leverage to ingrain and reinforce the lessons to be learned from even the most innocuous letting down of one’s guard. The last resting place of the victims acted as a shrine which contained not only the corpses, but the commandments over which a constant vigil had to be kept. At first, his insistence on retaining the human remains on Mars was disputed, but as the accidental loss of life increased, the acceptance of the victims being Martian gradually followed. They would never be forgotten on Mars and were unlikely to attract such longevity on Earth.
It was therefore natural to the colonists that the latest discovery on their planet had to be transmitted and openly debated with the mandarins back on Earth. For some, particularly WSA politicians, this would be a huge fault line in the maintenance of orchestrated drip-fed dissemination; for Gail Strathmore is was Manna from heaven.

*

With the colony population currently standing at one hundred and seventeen, the ‘governance’ had begun to move from a patriarchal egg to several larvae bristling with pragmatic group responsibility. During this transition Moreau would technically remain as having the casting vote in the established chain of command, but for societal issues, he would only be one of several delegates in forging their new democracy. 
Unfortunately, the coordinates obtained from the ‘safety deposit box’ at the base of the canyon, although accurate in terms of longitude and latitude, were way off target in the third dimension of depth. Four hundred million years had seen some alteration in crustal formation. Nothing like that on Earth, yet enough to make the chief domain of interest pretty much unreachable. 
Moreau had been ‘instructed’ by the WSA to relax. New ways of tackling the landscape were in process, and to that end Wes Harris would be joining the project as soon as permitted. Moreau replied by stating that inaccessible meant they weren’t going to send people to their death to recover a few ancient alien hieroglyphics. And furthermore, he wasn’t a governor or a commander any longer. A quorum had been formed to meet with the needs of all colonists. It was no longer appropriate to blindly follow orders from what used to be the home planet, because the purveyors of those instructions were transparently out of touch with the everyday challenges which had to be faced by the Martians. In corresponding with the WSA he also mentioned that those on the red planet must have some form of veto of any new colonists ready for transport to Mars. It was a simple issue, as Moreau put it. ‘We need to review the personality rankings to foster more tenacity of spirit without attendant irresponsibility. Twelve deaths from the original one hundred and twenty nine is simply not acceptable. Selection and training on Earth has to be complemented with vetting on Mars. It’s like any commercial process which has deliveries and returns’.
This wasn’t well received, and there was a danger that leverage to comply would be sought via the embargo on shipments of certain consumables. Mars wasn’t yet self-sufficient in either dietary needs or manufacturing minerals and resource. An interesting few days lay ahead for both camps, as the Martian efforts to reach the alien Holy Grail were suspended indefinitely.

*

James had waited with baited breath for the outcome of the dry run. It had failed on a few minor points, but he was assured by JJ that they were just copy and paste issues.
“Relax, James, I expect to finalise the process in the next twenty minutes.”
“Ok, I’ll bring Her Highness along to see the backslapping if you’re so confident. She wants to know the instant it’s available to her for inputting data. Do you have a problem with that?”
“Nope, but it’s three in the morning local time, some of the guys are still getting jet lag out of their system and the American helpers don’t know the protocols. Even if they did, she hasn’t given me the signed non-disclosure agreements I asked for. She can’t get any input time until nine sharp at the earliest, even if she doesn’t like approximations. Do we have a problem with that?”
“Sounds pretty fair. She’ll have to put up with a symbolic launch for a few more hours. I was hoping to get some sleep myself. Fat chance.”
There was no champagne handy, but there was palpable relief at the VDU display, in large green letters – SYSTEM OPERATIONAL. Gail Strathmore surprised everyone by simply walking out of the air conditioned room. She headed back to her office and typed out her resignation. She would hand it personally to the Commander of Operations in precisely five hours from now. She felt empowered, but this was only the first pawn to move on the chessboard, a gambit which could backfire spectacularly. However, she wasn’t deterred, for Gail everything was about decisions and consequences. Confidence may ebb and flow and she knew her strengths were maximised on a cluttered chess board rather than one with open spaces when approaching an end game. In any event it would feel good to get this out in the public domain. Subterfuge was anathema to her entire thinking process, even though she’d had to countenance it as a lubricant to realising this personal objective.

*

Lawrence Fullerton-Weiss made his way to the upper floor without too many sycophants bidding him good morning. It was two minutes past eight. He knew there was trouble when he saw Gail sitting outside his opulent office sanctuary.
“Not at this time in the morning, Ms Strathmore. I’ll call you when I have a moment.”
“This won’t take a moment, sir. It’s a required courtesy that I offer you my resignation in person.”
“Wait until we get inside before you say another word.”
He ushered her to sit.
“You have a notice period in your contract like everyone else. We need to discuss all issues relevant to that time frame. May I ask why this is such a precipitous decision on your part?”
“Not precipitous, sir. I’ve been prepared to wait for the most appropriate time for the organisation and myself. The decision has been scheduled on my part for a number of years.”
“I was told you’d be happy in this role, otherwise you’d never have been offered the position. Has something upset you?”
“No. I am happy, but not with everything. I would like to thank you for giving me the chance to step nearer my ambition. You have my utmost respect.”
“Well, that’s good to hear, so can we talk about taking a step back to talk about why you want to leave so suddenly, and whether there’s anything we can do to ameliorate any issues which have led up to such an abrupt request? Off the record you’re doing an excellent job.”
“Yes, I think so. What I mean is that I’m doing a good job, and I don’t want to leave the organisation. Most people here will be glad to see me depart from my current role. I always invoke such animosity because I’m different. I can only change so much to fit with everyone else’s world, then I recognise the signs of exclusion or being bypassed. My only desire now is to find a different world to live in. I suppose you don’t agree with such things as marriage on the internet. But it is a blessing for those who don’t like ceremony and fuss. I would have to declare this at some time if I was staying, so I wanted you to be the first to know. I am now able to use my married name, Mrs Gail Moreau. The rules say I must update my personnel profile. So, here I am asking you to approve my application to become an astronaut and join my husband in a world more suited to my personality. If I can’t be considered to be a Martian colonist, I would expect Moreau to request a return to Earth. He has always felt more emotionally deprived of his spouse than I have over the years we’ve been apart. So, if he has to come home we would seek to work in a country which isn’t overdriven by capitalist ideology.”
Although, on the face of it, this candid threat was not perceived as being disguised blackmail by an obsessional upwardly ambitious snake, it nevertheless had the hallmarks of grit being sprinkled in the smooth wheels of progress. What did she mean by ‘a country which isn’t overdriven by capitalist ideology’?
“Well, Mrs Moreau, can you keep this between us for now and you come back to see me in couple of hours?”
“Yes, of course. But my notice period is written in the letter, which complies with my contract, and I will happily work until that date if that’s what you prefer. However I do need to keep my husband up to date, so I’ll inform him of my resignation when that two hours has elapsed.”
“Very good. I’ll have some news for you about your astronaut candidacy potential by then. I’ll do this in an anonymous way. I’ll talk as if I’m considering an external candidate. I have to say that I’m flabbergasted by what you’ve told me. And of course, regardless of you informing your spouse, I’ll also have to speak with him as soon as possible, and the time delay has to be taken into account.”
“Thank you for your patience, sir. I’m sorry to confront you with these unusual circumstances, but I felt I owed it to you for taking a risk by appointing me to my current remit in the first instance.”
Chapter 24

Gabriel Moreau called for a meeting of the Martian Quorum, one which had been scheduled long ago.
   Following the inaugural assembly of the modular habitat by the first humans to step on to the red soil, both the WSA and the inhabitants of the new world had announced a detailed plan of the colonisation objectives. Many things could have gone wrong with the journey - acquiring orbit, handling the entry procedure, and negotiating the desired landing without mishap. Amongst the euphoria, and because global attention was at its zenith, a five year plan was then enshrined in both locations.
That date for review was fast approaching and there had been slippage in several promises made to those isolated on Mars. Such abrogation of responsibility was swept under the carpet or massaged to appear as if an alternate agreement had been forged. As time passed the interest of the public on Earth towards the Mars project was diluted by the increase in uncontrolled migration which affected the entire home world.
Moreau had walked a fine line between collaboration and mutiny, one result of which had been his evangelical approach to meritocracy. He’d met Gail Strathmore years before he began the final stretch of his mission training programme. She was part of the assessment team in which physical and mental aspects were monitored with ruthless regularity. They’d become close, for Gail in particular. At that time she was perceived as robotic in her outlook, cold and unsympathetic toward most of the astronauts she had to deal with. But Gabriel saw something beyond that. A very honest, reliable soldier to have alongside him in the trenches. Her ability to ring fence objectives persuaded him to ask her if she would ever consider going to Mars. It was a moment on which their feelings for one another became pivotal. Nobody had ever cared about what dreams she might have. Over the remaining countdown to launch, he extracted a promise from her that she would seriously think about a life of such challenge and simplicity. The prospect of selectively reduced interaction with other people was strong for Gail. Their relationship became her anchor until the launch was imminent. That was the trigger for him to suggest they should get married without anyone’s knowledge. He promised that he would return to Earth for a temporary break once the colony had found adequate stability. This pledge was derailed by one of multiple U-turns by the WSA on agreed policy. Despite the infrequent opportunities for communication, Gail had tirelessly tried to shed her robotic image and navigate her career in the direction of the red planet. She was aware of Gabriel’s intention to gain power of veto for future Martian citizenship. Hence the timing of her resignation.

*

The meeting was quite informal. Gabriel opened proceedings by confessing he had been married for almost five years. Eyebrows were raised, followed by slow smiles.
“Does anyone at the WSA know about this?” asked Deborah Simone, the communications guru, “because I’d expect our ethereal airways to get pretty hot if they do.”
“Only one person, as far as I’m aware. And that’s how it will stay for now. However, it means we can press a few buttons of our own to be ready for the inevitable storm of posturing, and being reminded of the big picture. Does anyone even recall the pronouncement of five years ago regarding the means of increasing the headcount of the colony?”
“Not that again,” protested Pavel ‘Hannibal’ Sagan, the hands-on engineer who’d been key to keeping them alive during colossal dust storms, “those clowns calling the shots have never been here, yet they expect us to ask permission to take a dump every day.”
“Ok, Pav, but now we’ve really shaken the tree with Fullerton-Weiss shitting himself at the prospect of my ‘wife’ coming here.”
Elsa Sanchez, the head of science coordination raised her hand. “Gabriel, do we get to know the identity of your wife? I mean a general hint would be appreciated, like what she can offer the colony? ”
“In good time. Most of you know her, so leave it there for now. Look, are we agreed that the priority is for us to have the final say on any new personnel offered to us? It’s not just about increasing our numbers?”
There was tacit acknowledgement.
“Right, well three categories were designated, new adults from Earth, Martian-born babies, and robots. So far, all we’ve had are the first category on that list, and we’ve had to repatriate some of those. Add in the twelve souls who perished, and our target numbers have fallen miserably short of what we need. I’ve been told that we can expect a ramp up in freighter frequency to deliver machines which will make our lives more comfortable. That’s great to hear but has yet to happen. However, this has to be underpinned by many more new recruits arriving and a rota for our existing colonists to take a vacation back on the blue marble. Although we have budding relationships here on Mars, there aren’t any which have blossomed to the point of procreation. We don’t need to regurgitate the ethics of bringing new life into this forlorn environment, because that’s merely a get out clause for Earthlings to debate interminably. We have to break the logjam on this. Disclosing my marriage will have them meeting in secret cliques to find ways of delaying any official comment, such as – ‘I should have cleared it with them’. But that would simply have ensured our demands were kicked into the long grass again. So, I’m going to let it be known that either my wife comes here with starting a family in mind, or I go in the other direction.”
Gabriel Moreau had never been perceived by Martians or the WSA as someone who’d rock the boat. He pressed on.
“It’s also time to set the account straight on other issues. We need to redefine objectives. This obsession on Earth with finding alien stones is all very well in terms of filling blanks in our evolutionary past, but it puts us at even greater risk than we already face. We are still some way from self-sufficiency here, yet its importance seems to have been downgraded. Am I right?”
Again there was affirmation.
“Finally, I’d appreciate your views on terrestrial attitude-to-risk analysis here on Mars. Apart from the unknown long term medical aspects, we have daily tasks to perform, many of which require us to suit up. Are we happy to continue playing Russian roulette? We have twelve gravestones out there, a significant percentage of our community. Is there anything you’d like to say? I’m raising these points because I know I’m going to be contacted in the next few hours regarding my indiscretion of not having disclosed that I got married before my final selection for this mission. And, I’m pretty sure this will be used as bribery to convince me to soldier on with the inadequate support on offer. I’d like each of you to give me your views after a short comfort break.”
Gabriel was first to rise and leave the room. The others quickly formed a huddle. Once they heard the hiss of a door closure the questioning began.
Pavel made himself heard above the rest. “Is it just me, or does anyone else think Moreau has put us all at risk by dropping this bombshell on the WSA without consulting us first?”
Elsa Sanchez twiddled with a marker pen as she responded. “What difference would that have made? We’ve known and respected him since we launched, and none of us could have squeezed more concessions from Earth without having to submit to trade-offs in other areas. What puzzles me is this wife he claims we all know, and his sudden desire to produce a Moreau junior. If he was angling for a break back on Earth, he could try to become a father there, without becoming the only one on Mars who is married. Ok, we have a few couples co-habiting, but progressing to being married has not cropped up so far. Maybe this is his way of making a statement which leads to something else he has in mind.”
Deborah Simone expanded this view when asking another question. “I can’t let go of the possibility that Gabriel is forcing his own return passage by demanding his right to reconnect with his wife. If I’m right, who will replace him? It’s a concern because it won’t be one of us – a communications officer, an engineer, or a science guru. That only leaves a puppet who’d serve the purpose of the WSA. Whatever we each might think of Gabriel, he’s always fought our corner and been pretty successful at it. And that’s with regard to the arguments we’ve been told about. There must have been others which he kept to himself.”
The hiss of the door opening again brought the debate to an end and they returned to their seats.
Pavel was about to leap in with his take but was silenced by Deborah. “Gabriel, one of the outcomes of what you told us is that you could return to Earth. Would this be a temporary situation or could it signal a replacement coming to Mars?”
“Good question. I want to stay here and welcome my wife. I also want to see a number of things changed. These two objectives have different timescales to enact, yet the decisions to ratify their coming to pass can be made now. I’ve never stooped to kidology before, and this is no different. I meant it when I told you it’s my preferred option to bring my wife here, but if that is blocked I’ll ask them to look for my successor. At the very least that will crystallise the situation, because they’ll have to reveal their intentions with respect to the other objective – broken promises. I need to get to that discussion while I have leverage about my marriage.”
Pavel wasn’t buying into this. “So, you’re playing poker with our future, and the odds are stacked against you fast-tracking your wife to selection anytime soon.”
“You might not be so sure of that if you knew who she is. It’s only going to take a few hours to find out, and I made a pledge to Fullerton-Weiss that her identity would not be revealed until all of the other stuff had been addressed. I’m being as open as I can with you on this and if you’ve got any better ways of applying pressure on the WSA over increasing headcount, getting the machinery which prevents more casualties, and reprioritising the search for these damned stones – then please let me know.”
Elsa Sanchez kept her counsel to herself, which surprised the other two quorum members, she simply appeared to accept Gabriel’s summation. The meeting ended abruptly and the participants trailed off in different directions.

*

The exchange between Gabriel and Fullerton-Weiss was brief, primarily because signal strength and quality was poor due to cosmic interference. The gist of Fullerton-Weiss’ response was that it would be difficult to approve Gail Strathmore’s application to travel to Mars on the next shuttle. It would inevitably displace someone who’d already been told to prepare for the trip and the knock on effect to the makeup and morale of the crew. 
Gabriel merely stated that wasn’t his problem and that the WSA had previously made such changes at short notice when it suited them. ‘Why don’t you think about this again and find a way to meet my request, rather than force me to return with the next shuttle? You can’t seriously expect our cooperation regarding shifting the colonisation focus to looking for these alien stones when we’re desperate for new personnel, and crucially, much safer exploration and self-sufficiency equipment. These are real problems, and my request is nothing more than a bureaucratic decision for you. For goodness sake, man, you’ve already been confronted many times with outbound astronauts suddenly falling ill, suffering unexpected mental breakdown, and simply pulling out for spurious personal reasons with little or no warning. You’ve even sent some of these people to us without knowing they were about to go off the rails. We dealt with all that shit and sent them back, so don’t tell me that my request isn’t possible, just make it happen. You’ll find a way, just as we have to when we’re faced with life-threatening decisions on a daily basis. I look forward to hearing from you again soon.’
Chapter 25

Gail had been apprised of the conversation with her husband. On her way to Fullerton-Weiss’ office she was determined to stick to the script, she’d show no emotion when she was confronted with the inevitable bullshit about the difficulties in fast-tracking her application for Mars departure. 
“Gail, we are still looking for a means of getting your application processed without causing mass disruption to plans which have been virtually set in stone. This may take some time.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Do you have any questions? I must say your husband didn’t accept this news quite so calmly.”
“That’s because if I can’t go to Mars he’ll come back home.”
“I realise you want to be together, and I’m doing my best to achieve that, but Gabriel can’t simply quit his post. There are contractual things to be addressed, such as giving adequate notice of requests, including compassionate situations. He has to observe such undertakings, for example, to avoid pension rights clawback. He can’t just hop on to a returning vessel without clearance with us, albeit via the commander of the shuttle.”
“Well, good luck with that, sir. He rarely gives up on something he’s planned for some time.”
“Gail, this isn’t a haggling situation. He could face imprisonment if he breaks certain pledges he signed up for. I was hoping you’d be able to talk some sense into him.”
“It’s not my place to do your bidding in a situation like this. I asked to be added to the recruitment list for a career on Mars. My focus right now is to take my present remit to completion by concentrating on the investigation of the stones here on Earth. If I can deliver that and I’m considered unsuitable for a transfer to Mars, then I shall leave the organisation.”
“To do what precisely?”
“Check out other options to get there. I will never relinquish this dream.”
Fullerton-Weiss began to mentally process what he had control over and what he didn’t. Both Gabriel and Gail held positions in which they could cause trouble. He went on the offensive.
“So, how does your dream come true if Gabriel comes back?”
“Isn’t that rather obvious? We have the reverse situation to the present one. He’s here and I’m a Martian.”
“I’m…sorry, but I thought you wanted to be together.”
“Indeed, however, sometimes compromises have to be made. The only ones I will accept have to be agreed between me and my husband, Moreau.”
“Mm… Let me see if I can arrange for him to come back with the first available shuttle. There are several issues he has on Mars and it could be beneficial to discuss them face to face rather than via video with the nuisance of time delay.
“Ok. When will you know about my suitability for Mars transfer?”
“We can discuss it when Gabriel is here.”
“That would make no difference to my suitability.”
“Of course not, but it would help to harmonise discussions.”
“I don’t think so. Moreau will decide for himself and so will I. Being suitable is step one, acceptance is step two, and training is step three. Moreau wouldn’t be happy for me to be there if he didn’t think I was suitable. He’d have told me long ago. He probably knows more than anyone here what kind of personality is required to thrive on Mars. If you can’t tell me whether I’m suitable or not, you can have definite confirmation of my resignation within the hour.”
“Don’t do anything rash, Gail. I’ll speak with the personnel director later today.”
“Fine, but it’s not like I’m an unknown outsider for whom you only have testimonial data. I’ve been here for years. They must know already if they think I’m suitable. I know I am, Moreau knows I am. If the personnel director believes otherwise I won’t dispute that. My resignation, as you know is already prepared. I took it back at your request until you spoke with my husband. You’ve done that, I need an answer now. I’m not prepared to wait another day. Thank you, sir.”

*

On the way back to her office, Gail began to think about what kind of compromise Fullerton-Weiss would use to manipulate both herself and Gabriel. She wasn’t well equipped in such matters, mostly by choice, but crucially by political blindness. Just as she was about to enter her office, James appeared and said they needed to talk.
“About what?”
“The system has identified a new puzzle for us to chew over. JJ has the data for us to scrutinise.”
“My schedule is very busy, Sullivan, exactly how long will this take?”
“That’s the question, we have no idea, but we can’t ignore the implications.”
“This kind of disruption isn’t acceptable, ask Jay to explain why I have to adjust my schedule to think about a ‘puzzle’, as it is plain to see that you don’t seem confident that there is a solution.”
James buzzed JJ to collate the latest printouts and get to the office immediately. 
The pile of data was considerable due to the multiplicity of re-runs which had been executed, yet failed to alter the recommendation. JJ began to explain.
“The loop we’re stuck in relates to the assertion that the images in the stones which identified coordinates on Mars were said to be of a totally different scale to those purportedly fabricated by the same species on Earth.”
“But all of those images were from stones found in Oslo,” said Gail, becoming fidgety at such an inconvenient distraction, “so, get to the point.”
“Indeed they were,” replied JJ, “and these larger scale ones were separated from the rest and sent to the WSA.”
James could sense Gail’s anxiety level rising and tried to shortcut to the real conundrum.
“When the investigation was transferred to this location we had to set up our system from scratch. Ok, it was a clone of the Oslo master, but the data input has been of necessity related to the stones which we have here. The Oslo data hasn’t been input yet because you wanted to fast track the system commissioning. Now, it raises a doubt about the difference in interpretation of scale when compared to the initial Oslo images. No matter what we do to bypass this loop, it won’t play ball. The message we’re getting challenges the basis for this scale anomaly, or if that is verified, to re-prioritise searching for more Martian stones from ‘interesting’ to ‘urgent’.”
“Thank you, Sullivan, but you said this was a puzzle…”
“Yes, JJ has tried to figure out why this impasse has occurred, and we have concluded that if we input all of the missing data which resides in the Oslo system, the recommendation would disappear. That’s the puzzle – is that what we want? I seem to recall that the people interpreting the scale codes were ‘experts’ and suggested the ‘Martian’ images represented creatures as large as giant squid. We believe that the very least we should do is find out how the discrepancy in scale was calculated. In addition, this declaration was accompanied by another, that dating of all stones is confirmatory of the images representing an extra-terrestrial species. If we simply input the missing data, we will ignore a signal from the system that is fundamental to the entire investigation.”
“I see,” mumbled Gail, “well, actually I don’t see. Are you suggesting all of the answers we’re seeking are on Mars?”
JJ threw the last printout on to the desk. “Not yet, as James said, we have to take the experts to task about the derivation of their image scales. Failing that proving to be suspect we must take the system recommendation seriously, as it has never before made a recommendation without justification notes. As you can see with the final printout, there are none. It is demanding a resolution as well as asking a question. There must be incompatibility of data somewhere between the WSA and Oslo strands of input. In my humble opinion, we’ll regret it if we don’t find out exactly what is bugging the hell out of an unemotional logic-driven piece of hardware.”
Gail was juggling this potential banana skin with what she might hear from Fullerton-Weiss, and what she already knew regarding her husband’s stance. He had already declined to engage in further searches for such stones without the necessary equipment. This was a red line for the Martian colony.

*

Despite James and JJ’s efforts to convince Gail of their real concern that they were standing on a precipice, they agreed she seemed to be in some sort of quandary. As were they themselves. There was a duty of care to the WSA, and they were employing a protected technology licence granted by Garth Docherty. He, the owner ought to know of their dilemma, but premature disclosure brought the attendant risk that this could lead to a situation of ego duelling and the value of the system being discredited. They therefore had their own quandary to deal with unless Gail made the first move. JJ unveiled a somewhat risky alternative. The Oslo whistle-blower who’d exposed various failings of so-called experts was now part of their team in the WSA. She was a highly qualified inorganic chemist and might know more about the derivation of the image scales in Oslo. This provoked James to remind JJ he’d recently overheard Gail Strathmore speaking to someone from palaeontology, and acknowledging that stones had indeed already been found on Mars. Furthermore, they could not be analysed on the red planet because of a lack of specific laboratory equipment.
“Ok, JJ, get this whistle-blower to my office and we’ll see if she can explain more about the failings of the Oslo experts, and what could be done about investigating the Martian stones which have been located, but ones we haven’t officially been told about. We’ll leave Garth out of this for now.”
As she took a seat, the woman seemed to be extremely nervous, continually pushing her hair behind her ears and re-crossing her legs. James went for the least controversial option first. “If we were to find some of these elusive stones on Mars, what kind of analytical equipment would we need to ship out there to provide analysis for now and in the future?”
She cleared her throat and relaxed visibly. “Unless there was matching personnel expertise in interpreting the results it would probably make more sense to send the stones back here. There are multiple disciplines required to address dating, radioactive characteristics, palaeontological markers and code breakers or linguistics people.”
“Good point,” admitted James, “so, let’s move on to why you came here. You challenged some of the Oslo experts regarding their presentation of data. As we have to avoid something similar happening here, can you enlarge on how you detected such deception?”
“Very simply, I was asked to look the other way when they needed me to rubber stamp some of their conclusions. There were gross oversights which I felt had to be addressed. Leaps of logic are acceptable if they converge to make sense and can then be tested against known values. They weren’t prepared to subject their theories to rigorous checks, preferring to raise dependence on themselves. I can only describe it as a ‘Nobel prize pissing contest’.”
“Ok,” said JJ, disguising his next question with a smile, “and were these smokescreens all across the findings or with certain areas in particular? We need to be on our guard against this happening here.”
“It was prevalent in general but heavily concentrated in ‘creating’ an alien language, plus an inference that we were ‘conversing’ with forerunners of our own species. This may all be true, but it was based on extrapolation without supporting evidence.”
JJ pressed on, his next question having been held back. “I can understand there being concern over creating a language, but weren’t there instances of mathematical analysis where there’s either a fit or there isn’t, rather than auto suggestion?”
“That is correct. The images were all very similar, however the language had to be employed to buttress claims that they were of a different scale. There is no proof that this is the case, at least not yet.”
“That is precisely the situation we’re worried about,” exclaimed James, “blindly accepting that there could be such a difference in scale, but in real terms unproven.”
“Certainly. My personal view has to be taken in context. My objection was not that the experts set out to fool everyone, but that they gradually neglected objectivity in favour of personal glory. However the question should be answered if and when we find similar stones on Mars.”
“Yes, I forgot about that aspect. So maybe you’ll have a chance to be part of those tests if we do receive any. Thank you for bringing us up to date with what happened in Oslo.”
As soon as she departed James turned to JJ and shrugged his shoulders. “We’re back to square one. She’s basically saying the same thing as our system. There’s something else Gail isn’t telling us. We can’t wait too long otherwise Garth will get on our case about loading the Oslo data in full.”
Chapter 26

Tides of Relativity

He’d always felt that timing would be the arbiter of how events could unfold, even if that timing was merely observed rather than manipulated. James sensed such a confluence on the horizon.
Gail’s ambition to become a Martian, the duplicity of experts in Oslo, Garth’s true agenda, the task facing Wes Harris, and now his own loyalties looming large because of the continual blinking message on the system VDU.
‘ALTERATION OF PRIORITY – IMAGE SCALE DIMENSIONS INCOMPATIBLE WITH CURRENT DATA – NEW DATA INPUT REQUIRED’.
He asked JJ to join him. “I’m having difficulty deciding whether or not to challenge Gail about the stones found on Mars. What’s your take on this?”
“Truthfully? I don’t have one. I came here to get away from the politics of Oslo and its toxic atmosphere. However, the issue with our system is critical to our credibility going forward, so I’m in favour of sorting it out before Garth gets his claws into the problem, because that will only end one way.”
“Agreed. That’s why I’m minded to see if I can tease out of Gail what it is that she’s keeping back. It could easily backfire, but it might give us an inkling of the real reason she’s desperate to get to the red planet.”
“Like I said, James, if that’s what you think is best I’m cool with it. I figure it would also mean holding back on more input of data to our system for now?”
“That’s the first thing to take care of. I’m sure Gail didn’t really grasp the significance of such an instinctive input of Oslo data becoming a one way street, you know, when we told her about the system recommendation to change priority. That in itself warns me she’s distracted. Ok, I’ll speak with her on the pretext of my own interest in going to Mars.”

*

“Take a seat, Wes,” gestured Fullerton-Weiss, as he switched off the VDU on his desk, “as you know, we have a number of problems right now. Tell me, have you ever harboured any desire to reside on Mars?”
“Absolutely not, has something gone wrong?”
“It’s just a routine question. One of your present problems, and in the future, is the issue of next generation earth-moving machines - and the AI units to operate them.”
“Yes, but I don’t have to live there to achieve that. Our communications technology upgrades will drastically reduce the time lag of conversations and I thought we’d agreed this method was less risky than shipping out engineers for every little storm in a tea cup that Gabriel Moreau reports. Anyway, I’m doing the initial trip with whatever machines we develop, but that’s it. I’ve got a young family, so becoming a Martian is simply not going to happen.”
“Good, in that case we’ve established the first bridgehead. They tell me that this system we’ve been saddled with from Oslo might actually prove to be helpful to you.”
“Well, maybe, but the jury’s out until I see how it helps Gail in her investigation. If the predictive capability turns out to be as good as she expects it to be, we could take a detailed look at it.”
“Wes, I’m aware that you still have career ambitions and they don’t stop at engineering. How would you feel about taking over Gail’s investigation? You could manage both projects, surely?”
“What? Is Gail in trouble? Is she leaving? Are you firing her? I don’t get it.”
“No, no, come on, she also has career plans and we don’t want to lose her. It’s my responsibility to help her. If you, in your current remit, were expected to be dragged out to Mars frequently, we can forget this conversation. So, would you think about my suggestion?”
“Sure. What kind of timescales are we looking at here?”
“Pretty short actually. Like any shuffling of the pack we have to kick off with the most sensible first move. I need to hear today if you don’t want to take on the extra workload. If you’re keen, we can get to the details in a couple of days from now.”
“Right. Does Gail know about this?”
“Not yet. I can’t progress her future until I have cover for her present remit. You mustn’t talk to anyone about this until you’ve accepted my proposal or rejected it. Are you ok with that?”
“Yeah, well…err…I’ll try to process what this would mean for my department during the rest of the day, and I’ll get back to you with any questions I might have regarding Gail’s investigation itself. I’d need to know exactly what the objectives are, and critically, whether it fits with how I see my own future.”
“Good. Call me when you’re ready to talk again.”

*

Gail Strathmore and Gabriel Moreau had, from day one of the Mars launch, accepted that all communications would be monitored. They’d kept all such exchanges to technical questions and answers, albeit with embedded codes for very brief personal matters. However, now that their relationship was about to become headline news, they could expect more scrutiny. They had a plan, no more direct contact until they knew which one of them would be moving house. She’d got the call from Fullerton-Weiss.
“Sir, you asked to see me?”
“Yes. I can tell you, unofficially at least, that I’ve been informed that you are considered as ‘suitable’ for consideration as a future colonist.”
“That’s a complex answer to a simple question. What does it mean?”
“It’s the first hurdle in the process of becoming an astronaut. ‘Unsuitable’ would have ruled you out indefinitely. The next step is to make an application to undergo the intensive training tests.”
“Do I have to fill out some form or does this only require expressing my verbal interest?”
“You need to understand that this can be a two-way mechanism. Formal written applications can be external as well as internal, and we also keep tabs on existing employees who could be approached directly as potential candidates. Your personnel file already had you earmarked as suitable, and you would have been approached at some time in the future. Leave it with me for now – I should have more concrete information tomorrow.”
“And if that’s positive, when could I expect to begin training?”
“Gail, we can’t get ahead of ourselves. There’s also the small matter of who would take over your investigation.”
“Sullivan is competent. He’s more than capable, he just needs to up his game in terms of time management.”
“That may be, however, he’s merely a consultant in all but name. I’m afraid that wouldn’t be an option. Think again, and as I said we can talk again tomorrow or after the weekend. This is a big decision for you and the organisation, leave it with me.”
“Very well, sir but surely…”
“Gail! Tomorrow.”
“Thank you, sir.”

*

James was waiting in her office.
“Sullivan, what is it that you don’t understand about making appointments instead of turning up uninvited?”
“Yeah, yeah, let me answer your question with one of my own.”
“This is getting tiresome, leave it until tomorrow.”
“No can do. Remember when you lectured me about trust being a two-way process?”
“Vaguely, what of it?”
“The stones on Mars. You revealed odd bits of information about them over a period of days. That they had been found, then they weren’t at the location predicted by the Oslo stones, but nearby. Adding later that this first haul was only a staging post which pointed to a much more important site which was in dangerous territory. You’ve never said anything else about the stones themselves except that the lab on Mars didn’t have the equipment to fully analyse them.”
“So – your point is?”
“When I told you about our system calling for a change in priority you didn’t really react. At first I thought you might have misunderstood what I said, you know, as to what might be the cause of this recommendation, but you’re smarter than that, you just let it pass. You need to tell me that you do realise, if I was to upload the Oslo data without addressing the reason for the change in priority, the opportunity to root out any future incompatibilities of information could be lost. I can’t let that happen. There’s something you haven’t told me.”
“That’s quite an accusation, tread carefully, Sullivan.”
“Perhaps I should, and that would delay any further rocking of the boat, but it will surely come back to haunt us at some point. Here, this is my report. You need to read it now.”
“Report? Report about what?”
“What I’ve just told you. A record of the flag being waved to say we had this dilemma and you decided to step back. Like you said, trust goes both ways.”
“Look, there are levels of clearance to be observed, and you know that. I can’t simply drive a truck through them because you think you need to know something. It doesn’t work like that.”
“I get it, Gail. That’s why I’m giving you this report and filing copies in a safe place. Maybe all the people with clearance levels should read it, that’s your call not mine.”
“Sit down, Sullivan. Just get it into your head that I’m unable to decide unilaterally to tell you more. I’ll take it up with my boss. Leave it for now.”
“Fine, just one more thing before I go. It must have something to do with your request to get Wes Harris interested in our system as an aid to designing new generation equipment for Mars exploration. I said that I doubted its current capability in that respect. But maybe your boss would be keen to finance an add-on software concept to make our system more helpful for Wes. Of course I’d have to get my boss back in Oslo to sign up for that as well. So, as you’ll read in my report, I’m happy to do that but I’m not authorising an update to our system which only adds the Oslo information. That instruction will stand for as long as it takes, and I hope you appreciate that further input of data from here without pinning down the precise reason for the ‘change of priority’ advice, could easily crash the system’s entire operational capability. It’s called an irreconcilable conflict, which has been known to burn out the hardware in the past.”
He left without waiting to hear her reply, believing he’d probably blown any chance of ever going to Mars. However, within a few minutes he felt ok about it, in fact he was shaking with anticipation of what might follow his ‘insurrection’.
For her part, Gail had to envisage adding another request to what she’d already demanded of Fullerton-Weiss. In her way of analysing events, the leaves were falling off the trees as expected, but in the wrong order. She began to think about what Gabriel Moreau would make of all this. After all, he knew more than anyone else about the revelations of the Martian stones – from mere observations which needed no analysis whatsoever. She’d think about it.
Chapter 27

Gabriel Moreau had been bombarded on a daily basis with questions from the members of the quorum since he’d revealed he was married. He sympathised with their concerns and he had expected to hear from Fullerton-Weiss by now. However, he’d previously decided he wouldn’t chase those on Earth for a reaction to his demands, reasoning that this would show weakness. Contact came at last.
“Gabriel, I appreciate your patience since we last spoke. I’m now in a position to advise on exactly how we need to progress your requests.”
“Fine. Let me hear it.”
“Let’s deal with the simplest situation first. I’ve run Gail’s profile past our operational people and they’ve confirmed she’s a suitable candidate for both travelling to and residing on Mars. This relates to personality traits as you may recall.”
“Ok, so can you tell me something I didn’t know?”
“Look, I can’t just bypass the cornerstones of our selection policies because you got married without making a declaration of your change of status. You wouldn’t accept me sending you other personnel to Mars without these procedures.”
“Fair enough, so what happens next?”
“She has to be entered into mission training and hopefully complete it with flying colours.”
“But that normally takes many months.”
“There are no short cuts. And there is another issue, that of replacing her with a suitable person to complete this investigation. Now, maybe she could do both tasks concurrently, but that might cause her to fail the mission training tests. So, I have a proposal for you to consider.”
“Why do I feel I’m not going to like this?”
“Just stop moaning and listen for a change. I’d prefer you to come back to Earth with the next shuttle. In our last conversation you were threatening to do that anyway. But that would have been mutiny. This way we get to meet and discuss your concerns in methodical detail while Gail is in training. It would seem like the best way to address the difficulties you conveyed to me when you made several demands.”
There was no response. It lasted well beyond the normal time lag.
“Gabriel? Hello, are you hearing me?”
“Yes, err… I’m a bit err… confused. It would only work if I can shuffle my responsibilities to some of the key people here.”
“Come on, you must have thought this through when you dropped your ultimatum on my desk. Or am I supposed to think that your intention was to create an either or situation? Either Gail came to Mars immediately or you returned home as soon as possible, that’s what you said. This way we can avoid chaos, and the two of you can look forward to living together. A kind of respite until everything is finally settled. What do you think?”
“I suppose… but that would depend on her passing all the tests. I do see merit in me being able to speak with everyone whose expertise I need on a face-to-face basis. Ok, let me think this through and speak with my people here. I’ll get back to you tomorrow.”
“Agreed. I’ll let Gail know of my proposal. I just wanted to run it past you first. Until tomorrow then.”

*

Gabriel, despite his promise to think about Fullerton-Weiss’ proposal, felt he was being ‘handled’. True, it would take months for Gail to complete the various modules, and a similar period for the next shuttle to arrive, but he sniffed the aroma of buying time. In the greater scheme of things, living with Gail was not in reality as urgent as he’d portrayed. However, the delivery of new machinery was needed urgently, as he knew only too well that it could have avoided several deaths of colonists. He had to begin these discussions in earnest right now. Furthermore, without knowing what information additional stones might throw up, the bargaining power of those already examined could only decrease over time. Their leverage must be exploited as soon as possible, and Gail had already been primed to kick the hornet’s nest. He would agree to Fullerton-Weiss’ opening gambit, and then signal Gail to deliver her brand of hypnotherapy. Unless his prior communication with his wife had alerted suspicion and their code been deciphered, this would be perceived at worst as a breach of protocol by someone on Earth – Chinese whispers from within.

*

Gail sent for James, demanding his presence urgently.
“I owe you an apology, Sullivan. I’ve been so focussed on furthering my application to go to Mars that I missed the significance of what you were trying to tell me about your system behaving erratically.”
“Not erratically, quite the opposite. It’s logically challenging contradictory input, and advising correction of this, or further addition of data which could remove the conflict.”
“Yes, well let’s do something about it rather than split hairs on why it’s having difficulty with this irreconcilable loop. I’m taking a great risk here by disclosing information you should not have, at least not yet.”
James’s attitude took a body swerve, he sat down and waited impatiently for her to continue. Her voice sounded uncharacteristically hoarse and unsteady.
“The stones found so far on Mars might qualify for input into your system. However, in just the same way as you don’t have clearance level for what I’m about to tell you, we need to factor in that I may not have the whole story.”
“Ah, I see where this is going, you want the system to check that out for you. Ok, I can buy into that.”
“Right, but you must hear this and then forget where such rumours came from, and you certainly were not told this by me.”
“Hang on a minute, so where exactly did I stumble on this ‘protected’ new data?”
“You disappoint me sometimes, Sullivan. From your system of course. You decided to play around with temporary elimination of previous data input in order to identify the cause of the irreconcilable loop - and bingo, it postulated possible causes. One of which will be what I tell you. That would indeed be a ringing endorsement of your profile going forward in this investigation. Do you agree?”
“Maybe, but you do realise we’re straying on to dangerous ground here, don’t you? It could spew out more contradictions and that could uncover your little plot.”
“Well, life’s short, sometimes a calculated risk is justified if one’s superiors are being economical with the truth. I’m afraid it’s yes or no, there is no sit on the fence option here.”
James stood up, headed for the door, then turned around, flopped into the nearest chair, stared at the ceiling momentarily before switching his steady gaze to Gail’s eyes. This kind of manoeuvring was patently out of character for her, yet he sensed she had nascent confidence in what was really a make or break gamble.
“Let’s do this, Gail. I assume you have taken into account it will end any chance of going to Mars for both of us if the system raises questions which blow your cover. JJ isn’t stupid, he’ll be one step ahead of us when it comes to literal interpretation of the output.”
“I’m relying on that, Sullivan. So, here it is. The stones which were referred to on Mars by their counterparts in Oslo were very similar in appearance to their terrestrial counterparts but only had a single purpose. They directed the colonists to a much more important site. What awaited them there was a very high level of radiation, almost too high for their suits to cope with. They had to retire and think about exposure time limits before commencing with any activity to recover the source of this radiation. After many short sessions two individuals succumbed to radiation sickness due to compromise of the suits. This occurred just as the first stone was unearthed. It turned out to be over twelve metres in diameter. Breaking it open revealed a disc on which the central image of an arthropod was in line with the scale suggested by some prior predictions of comparability with giant squid. The second stone they found illustrated a different arthropod which was distinctly an arachnid. Thermal imaging results from further up the slopes of the site suggest a habitat of some kind. At this point the exploration was curtailed until the findings were discussed with the WSA. Then the clearance levels kicked in. Gabriel Moreau, the nominal commander of the colony refused to continue with excavation without upgrades to the suits and earth-moving gear which could be controlled remotely. There’s now an impasse because stones of this size and radioactive level cannot be transported back here, and the colonists lack the analytical equipment to perform the requisite tests. However, there is one emergent claim that the ‘language’ derived in Oslo was no more than a binary type logic construct. The Martian stones have an elaborate pictorial system of communication. Apparently much more sophisticated than old Egyptian hieroglyphics. Surely then, your system, although it doesn’t know about any of this yet, will flag up anomalies compared to Oslo types, and force wider disclosure of  official interpretations which fit with the colonists’ observations. The hierarchy can hardly discipline the entire colony, but will assume that’s where the leak occurred. I’m intrigued to test this out, even if I kill my chances of going there to be part of what happens next. It seems obvious that the Oslo finds are just a beacon, not the main event. If your system agrees with this it would shorten the investigation here, or even make it redundant. I’m still leaning towards believing there is more information than this that I haven’t been privy to, primarily because the WSA have not yet insisted that the excavation continues. I like to deal in facts, but the ones I need are out there in the solar system. You look as if you’ve just swallowed a gas grenade with the pin missing.”
“It’s, well…it’s just hit me. This is why you wanted Wes Harris to involve our system to help design new concept earth-moving equipment. Does he know what you’ve just told me?”
“No idea. Harris is two people. The easy going nice guy, and the conservative technocrat. If I have to guess, I’d say he doesn’t know. I’m sure the hierarchy want to use every possible avenue to keep emerging information from Mars on a strict need to know basis. They are paranoid about Russian interference, especially if they were to establish a separate colony on the planet. That, in my mind is why I was originally told your system had to be part of my remit, they must think it can help to manage sensitive information and expectation, because it is itself incapable of trading rumours. Enough speculation, are you in or out?”
“I’m in, but on one condition. JJ has to know what we’re doing. He doesn’t need to be cognisant of the internal politics, but he will see all of the output and will figure it out for himself. Secondly, Garth Docherty, the owner of our system has loose ties with the Russians and I know for sure he has been approached about a licence. JJ would be part of any initial talks with them, so we must keep the system here isolated from the Oslo data. JJ can write an override to any accidental or deliberate attempt to do this. We have to have him on board.”
“Very well. Ask him to meet with us now. We have to get on with it.”

*

It was going to be an awkward conversation with JJ, and James convinced Gail to stay out of it. They met for a beer in a bar where they knew nobody. The music was loud enough to drown the detail projected to JJ. His response came as a total surprise.
“James, you’re asking me to limit any questions to what I believe the system response will be to such Martian input. For hell’s sake, how long have we worked together? Long enough for you to realise I’m a pragmatist. You seem to think I have fierce loyalties to Garth, and any knock on effect that could have to the Russians. Look, man, I’m employed by Garth, he pays my salary, the Russians don’t even figure in my mind until I’m told otherwise. I want nothing to do with politics, my head doesn’t have room for such crap. If you’re asking me a straight question – do I think this information should be tested out by us? Then yes, I do, with the proviso you suggested of isolating any attempt from any source to pollute our system. Only when we have output following the new Martian revelation additions can we evaluate what comes next. We should use this window of opportunity now, before it evaporates. If Garth were to demand we get on with adding the Oslo data, we’d be in a tricky position. Let’s input your new information and depending on what comes out, immediately delete it. That leaves us in a flexible position to either undelete it, input the Oslo stuff, or some other scenario which we don’t know about yet. But, and it’s a red line but, the firewall to obstruct premature inclusion of Oslo data has to be in place first. Also, I have a team to manage and therefore just you and I are getting our hands dirty with this, so we’ll do it during the night when nobody else is around. Let’s hope that we can share what we find openly, but in view of what you’ve just disclosed to me, I fear that’s unlikely; as I said I’m a pragmatist. Well, are you cool with my stance on this?”
“Why wouldn’t I be? I thought I was a moralist at heart, or maybe I’m deluding myself.”
Chapter 28

A letter lay on James’ desk. It was franked in Norway, it could only realistically be from Lars. 
‘Hello, James, I hope this letter will find you in good spirits. First of all, Karl, Axel and myself are feeling good, and even Maya has realised you weren’t to blame for our difficulties, she even misses you having supper with us. Things are peaceful here once more and I have regained respect from those who thought I betrayed them. I am accepted into the gossip carousel again and I have something you may be interested to hear. As of last week both pieces of information were treated as rumours, but one has now been confirmed as truth. The long search in Greenland for large quantities of stones has stopped. Because they were hoping only for a free energy source they have decided it is a project which costs more than it gives in return. This is in part why our village protests have died away. The second item is still a rumour, but there is increasing confidence that it is true. As you know, many other countries followed Greenland’s example and none of them have had success, with one exception. A contact in Oslo has told my neighbour that new stones have been found in Alexandria. I didn’t realise that it is the second largest city in Egypt, but I did know it was vulnerable to serious flooding, and in fact part of the lost city of ancient peoples still rests under the sea. My neighbour said that the same submersible equipment was used to explore offshore areas. Unlike many other countries, Egypt is very interested in the archaeology side of these stones, but due to what has happened in places like the Valley of the Kings, they want no repeat of foreigners stripping artefacts from their homeland. It is being said that a veil of silence has come down and the sites are officially off limits to all except government personnel. The most interesting point my neighbour passed on is that although the stones are the same shape and are radioactive, the language inscribed on them is not those straight line strokes at various angles and formations, but in hieroglyphics. It seems as if they are similar but not the same as ancient Egyptian scribed clay tablets. He said they were much more complex. I think we will not know more for some time, and you may find out before I do. I will write again if I hear more.’
James was at a total loss as how to interpret this rather upside down assertion unless it was just a hoax. But then again, how could someone like Lars, in a quaint coastal village in Norway possibly hear such claims if an organisation such as the WSA didn’t? He’d have to treat this rumour with care. Perhaps those at the apex of the WSA did have inside information. He felt sure the suppliers of the submersibles had to know what their trawl had gathered, whether they were Egyptian or of foreign origin. He should ask Lars to expand on his statement that they were probably the same kind of submersibles employed in Norway. He felt the need to ask his friend if it was possible to eke more specifics from his neighbour.
He paused his single lane thought process. Why didn’t Garth know about this? He decided to find out. It took several hours to track the man down.
“Well hello stranger, it’s been a while. Do you have an update for me?”
James was not going to involve Lars in this conversation. “Yeah, kind of, well actually a couple of questions you might be able to help me with.”
“Ok, but be brief, James. I have to return to a meeting of the retards I’m surrounded by these days.”
“Right, well first of all we have had a dry run of the system and debugged it thoroughly so we’re ready to go whenever the WSA decide to push on with more data upload. That’s partly why I’m calling you. There’s a fairy tale doing the rounds that similar stones to those from Oslo have been found in Africa as well as those on Mars. Any idea whether this has substance or is it just fake news?”
“Oh that, hasn’t anyone in your old village been in touch with you recently?”
“No,” lied James, beginning to regret having made this call, “what would they know about it?”
“For a start, I made sure they did, through one of these retards I mentioned just now. Don’t you communicate with the guy who takes care of your dog anymore?”
“Not really,” replied James, trying to gather his wits as to what he’d just been told, “I’ve been working through the night recently to get the damned system going. Why in hell have you set such a rumour alight in that tiny village?”
“You figure it out, mate. Don’t tell me you believe the WSA are ignorant of this? And before you answer, it isn’t a rumour, stones have been recovered by Egyptian archaeologists, with the help of submersibles. I don’t have much information about any analytical results as yet, but I’m on the case. I think you need to push a few of your boss’s buttons on this as well as cracking on with general data input.”
The hesitation in James’ next question was mirrored by the reply he was given. “Whose err… submersibles were used and who was… you know, operating them?”
“Good question. The WSA aren’t the only organisation interested in what’s on Mars, they’re just the only ones dragging their heels on making progress.”
“Mars? What’s Mars got to do with submersibles?”
“Stay alert, James. You’ll find out soon enough.”
“Ah, you know more about the stones on Mars as well as the ones in Africa. Well, the people working for you over here in the U.S. need your trust, for example we’ve been given a real dilemma by the system. That’s the main reason I called you. I’m guessing you don’t see any urgency in us uploading the Oslo data over here.”
“Correct. Just hold tight for a few days, mate, and you’ll see the investigation in a different light. I promise I’ll call you before certain agendas get exposed and how you should react to the revelations. It’s not the time to panic. I have to go.”

*

Wes Harris accepted responsibility for taking over the investigation, following certain assurances from Fullerton Weiss. This set in motion a train of events which would culminate in a reset position for everything.
James and JJ were dumfounded, Gail having convinced them that she had no idea that Wes would be asked to take over, having already admitted to them that she was going into mission training with immediate effect. “I actually recommended you to succeed me, Sullivan, but Fullerton-Weiss said it couldn’t happen unless you became a full time employee of the WSA, rather than reporting directly to this Garth Docherty in Oslo. I’m sorry it’s turned out this way, I really am.”
“Yeah, well good luck with your training. No hard feelings, JJ and I will just have to check out how things will work now. We need to speak to Garth today.”
“That makes sense, do you think he knows what I told you about the massive stones on Mars?”
“I have no idea, but it wouldn’t surprise me if he did. More to the point, when will we see Wes and why do you think he got the nod?”
“I’m out of that loop now. I’d guess he’s with Fullerton-Weiss right now, being briefed on stuff in the investigation that has been kept from him until now. Perhaps later today he’ll tell you in person about how things will operate. Why did he become my successor? My guess is that the design of new earth-moving machines has become a top priority, not just to avoid risk to life with the colonists, but also because of the size of the stones and the terrain in which they’re buried. This could well alter the thrust of your system.”

*

Gail now felt it was safe to contact Gabriel on personal matters since their relationship was now out in the open. She made sure he knew about Wes Harris succeeding her and that she was looking forward to starting her mission training. ‘I’m told that the course should be completed before you get here. Do you have more information on when the next shuttle will leave for Mars? I know this series is fitted with newly designed impulse engines but nobody seems to think the journey time will be cut as much as was expected before the test runs were conducted. I hear rumours that it will still take four to five months. It might mean that you arrive here not sooner than ten months from now, so I should know whether or not I can return with you.
Best,
Gail.’
The response was cagey to say the least. 
‘Gail,
It’s great to hear that you are on the second rung of the acceptance ladder. I have to set up an organisational system to cover my absence. There’s no single person whom I can vouch for to cover all aspects of what the WSA will throw at them. At the moment everything works fine with the quorum, but committees often tend to be divided on ways to deal with complex tasks. The operational side can be very different from the welfare of the colonists when it comes to fulfilling objectives set by those on Earth. I need more time to think this through, so the few months before I can leave will be valuable. I have just confirmed to Fullerton-Weiss that I officially accept his proposal to take the next shuttle back to Earth. Of course, we can’t be sure that after I have meetings back there, they’ll still want to send me back to Mars. Let’s keep in touch more regularly than we have in the last few years.’

*

Before James could get through to Garth, the event that his boss had told him to expect had just been broadcast. It couldn’t have been kept secret in any case.
‘RUSSIAN LAUNCH OF NEW COLONISATION PROGRAMME – EXPECTED TO ARRIVE IN RECORD TIME OF THREE AND A HALF MONTHS. AT THIS STAGE OBJECTIVES UNCLEAR – PERHAPS THE NAME OF THE VESSEL CONTAINS A HINT – EXPLORER.’
A wry smile spread over James’ face. ‘You cunning old fox’ he mused to himself, ‘you’ve had a finger in both pies right from the start.’
It confirmed to him that Garth knew of the Alexandria stones and the huge Martian equivalents. What else did he know or had direct involvement in? His gut feeling was that his boss was backing the Russians to take a much more radical approach to the investigation.
Chapter 29

‘Perception without supporting evidence can go in either direction’, mused James. The reaction in the WSA to the claim that the Russian vessel could reach Mars in three and a half months was derisory. The declaration that the mission was purely one of an explorative nature was treated with some circumspection. On the other hand, the sheer presence of a competitive colony could not be ignored. However, the most immediate concern was that several sources claimed that both mission control HQs were using the same I.T. system.
James began to think about where these ‘sources’ obtained their information, and more importantly, who could be so sure of this. Regardless of the answers to his question, he foresaw problems ahead. There was only one place to start. Predictably, contact with Garth was in high demand. James had to leave a message which would potentially shake the tree. He left that message - to say he was preparing to make a flying visit to Oslo.
Two days later he took the call from Garth.
“James, before you say anything, think about who might be listening. I believe it would be useful for you to come to Oslo, there are a few issues we need to resolve. See if you can catch a flight tomorrow and let me know if that works out. My main concerns revolve around what can’t be undone, and what we can do about the remainder. We can chew the fat over a beer and thrash out the best way forward. Look forward to your call.”
The disconnect tone buzzed, indicating that Garth didn’t want a two way dialogue. In James’ experience, his friend always took the initiative in tight situations like this. His gut feeling was to comply and get to Oslo as requested. He just had the small hurdle of telling his new boss, Wes Harris, that he was going to make the trip. He needed to come up with a logical and convincing argument. 

*

Wes listened, nodding his head every few seconds and raised no objection. It all felt a little too easy.
“So, if I understand correctly, James, you need to discuss the input of Oslo data to your system because of this recommendation it won’t give up on. Not all of the data at once, a stepwise elimination of what has caused the impasse?”
“That’s right, but we can’t embark on this until we know exactly how to undo anything we don’t like. That’s why I need to speak with Garth, he built the system.”
“Why can’t he do what you’re suggesting with the Oslo system and let you know the outcome?”
“Because their firmware hasn’t got all of the WSA architecture. That’s the guts of this dilemma. I’m pretty certain that this is what has caused our firmware to go ape shit. It’s a complicated reciprocal situation. The bottom line is that simply making the input identical in both locations would confirm that there is either incompatible data or there is an input error. We have to know precisely which it is. It would be easy to just alter the input to make the problem go away, but that would potentially amount to ignoring something which comes back to haunt us in the future. As things stand, we are being told by our system to switch priorities, something the WSA doesn’t want to do apparently, so I want to get this right.”
“Ok. Let me tell you what my priorities are, in both engineering and this little investigation I’ve taken over from Gail. Building fit for purpose machines plus their A.I. controllers and getting them to Mars is paramount. Not only for saving lives, but in providing these rocks from which data can be extracted, so that you and any other sleuths can argue over until they are blue in the face. You may remember that Gail wanted me to use your system to help me design such equipment for delivery to Mars. Well, now is as good a time as any to let you know that isn’t going to happen. I have to get on with this immediately and it isn’t going to be burdened with a cyber therapist along the way. By all means go to Oslo and sort out your system’s schizophrenia. No offence, James, but I don’t have time for piddling about with this junk. Call me when you’re ready to return and we can discuss exactly what your role will be going forward.”
James recalled Gail’s comment that Wes was two different people. Perhaps she was absolutely on the money, or maybe he was under serious pressure from above. He booked the flight and informed Garth of his arrival time.

*

Meanwhile, Garth decided to go global with more revelations regarding the offshore stones in Alexandria. He believed passionately in milking public support despite the attendant risk of ‘overcooking the soufflé’. His contacts in the Russian underground agreed to make it worthwhile for a state controlled news portal to stake such a contentious claim. The headline was the eye-catcher, and was backed up with smears targeted at the WSA.
‘DISCOVERY OF ALIEN STONES IN EGYPT REVEAL PROOF OF INTERFERENCE IN EVOLUTIONARY LIFE ON EARTH’.
Supplementing this unspecific insinuation, there were definitive rebuttals of alleged WSA responses to the launch of the Russian vessel.
‘Despite American dismissal of our crew arriving on Mars in under four months, we can reaffirm the capability of the propulsion system employed. The proof will be known very soon when various independent trackers of the vessel’s journey corroborate distance covered relative to time elapsed. Presumably, if the WSA agree with the interim checks they will apologise for misleading the inhabitants of our world. We would also like to draw people’s attention to the difference in the objectives of the two colony projects. We are happy to declare ours is to discover and understand more information which helps us to expand the colony in a safe way. We believe that finding any additional proof that an alien species has existed on Mars and Earth is an integral part of our strategy. Learning from those who have already made the journey across space all those millions of years ago is a valid policy, rather than ignoring or supressing such an option. We invite the WSA to confirm their objectives and decide whether we have enough in common to work together on behalf of the entire world population’.
James saw this breaking news just as his flight took off for Oslo. Drawing a deep breath, he realised there would be a brand new agenda with Garth, not merely a horse and pony show about correcting a system impasse.

*

With the WSA on the back foot, and the possibility of the Russians arriving before he was due to leave, there was a major concern for Gabriel Moreau. So much in fact that he made an urgent call to Fullerton-Weiss.
“I’ve decided to rescind my plan to take the next shuttle back to Earth.”
The WSA chief couldn’t disguise his frustration. “No way, everything at this end depends on you keeping the bargain. And I mean…”
“Just hear me out. You aren’t handling the Russian situation very well and my prime responsibility is to these brave people who’ve trusted you with their lives on this fucking hell hole. It was going to be difficult enough to set up a team capable of managing the crucial tasks which lie ahead in my absence, but this changes everything, even your insular way of operating. You have to up your game and quickly, not wallow in denial. Neither of us can predict what the Russians will do here but we have to prepare for any scenario. I need to be here and that’s not up for discussion.”
“Stop right there,” shrieked Fullerton-Weiss, asserting his perceived seniority, “you have to consider the bigger picture, and your wife is part of that. Don’t start screwing with me, Moreau, you could force me to publicly discipline you.”
“Fine, but how will that help? And before you get to it, don’t bring my wife’s training into what sounds like a blackmail threat. You may have tacit authority over me in a theoretical sense, but you’re going to have to arrest me to bring me back against my will, and my people here will use force to resist such bullying tactics. Can you imagine how this would go down with the public back there? Do your worst or come to your senses, man, we should be working together on this. Show some humility and talk to the Russians, because until you do, no further work will be undertaken here on these stones. It’s not too late, but if you don’t see fit to engage with them, I’ll do it myself when they arrive.”
Fullerton-Weiss terminated the contact. As well as being furious with Moreau’s insubordination, he was facing accusations from the media of withholding information from the public in regard to both the African and Martian stones. Moreau could also add to his woes by declaring that the earth-moving equipment on Mars was pathetically short of requirements for tackling the terrain in which the giant stones were trapped. Stubborn as he was, deep down he considered himself to be a survivor. He contemplated cultivation rather than confrontation.

*

The P.A. system at the airport blasted out the announcement. James was to retrieve a message at the information desk in arrivals. The taxi was waiting to take him to their rendezvous. Deep into the Oslo suburbs, the driver pulled into a restaurant car park. James offered a tip which was politely refused – apparently Garth had taken care of this in advance.
As he scoured the place he was approached by the head waiter.
“Let me take your briefcase for you, sir. Your host is in an alcove at the rear of the restaurant.”
“I’ll just hang on to it for now. Take me to the table please, I don’t want to keep my host waiting after my late arrival.”
Behind his broad smile, Garth seemed a little tense. It took only a moment to explain why.
“James, there’s no other way to say this, but time is critical here. I’m going to tell you something and you need to think it through very carefully. So, after you’ve heard it there will be many questions – I’m sure of that, but you’re jet-lagged and you need a clear head to decide which way you’re going to jump. I want you to go directly from here to the hotel and have no distractions while you mull everything over. Only when you’re certain about which direction you prefer, should you call me. I’ll come to the hotel and we can begin to work on what the next move is. I also have to make a decision and it depends on what you tell me. Unfortunately we have to set things in motion early tomorrow. Are you ready to hear the options?”
“This is all a tad melodramatic isn’t it? Are you going to tell me you already know that we have an irreconcilable loop in the U.S. system?”
“Oh that, no, no, I knew you’d figure out that she’d tell me, the Oslo whistle-blower. That’s why I sent her over there. It’s serendipitous really, because it gives a way out if we have the guts to take it.”
“Ok, I’d better hear the full story then.”
“Good. I was expecting you to ask me what all the fuss was about when the Russians launched their Mars colonisation vessel. Well, it isn’t just a half-hearted copycat PR exercise. They provided the submersibles to Egypt which dredged up these stones in Alexandria. What has so far been revealed is just the tip of the iceberg. The WSA have also been very economical in the way they’ve supposedly kept me up to date with the Martian finds. Considering they only knew about them because of the predictions from Oslo, I feel badly let down. Moving on to the Russian vessel itself, I’ve seen the concept first hand at their invitation, and believe me, the Americans’ derision of them getting to Mars in three and a half months is going to blow up in their face. I guess you’re going to ask me why I got the invite, well, in truth they’ve shown much more faith in our system than the WSA. This began a while back, and I can now confess, I was instrumental in shifting the investigation from Oslo because of this lukewarm attitude. I decided to keep only the stones which were of interest in furthering the greatest discovery since time began. Did I know this ‘language’ we decoded here was flawed? Of course I did. By that time I could see a much more transparent relationship developing with the Russians. They are now running our system and tremendous progress has been made. I was hoping by now that you would have input the Oslo data and told me it had resolved the impasse. In fact I was banking on it. However, I have a better suggestion. If you think you’ll ever get to Mars with the WSA, you’re deluding yourself, it won’t happen. I can virtually guarantee it with the Russians. So, my question is, are you willing to input code which will actually corrupt and subsequently burn out the system hardware over there without leaving a trace of infiltration?”
“Jesus, I can see why you didn’t want to talk to me over the ether about this. But, even if I agreed to this how could it be done? Only JJ has the nous to pull off something like this.”
“Yes, I know, he’s ready to receive the code if you’re with us all the way. It would look a bit strange if a fatal system crash just happened when you’re off site, and anyway, you’re the department head. JJ isn’t good at managing situations, he just likes doing stuff, you know, he’s a hands-on guy. Look, go to the hotel and think of all the questions you need to ask about the opportunities and risk this will give us. If you don’t like what you hear then I can still blow the system remotely, but that would probably invite clever people to identify the uploaded link which caused the crash. I’d be able to talk my way out of it, but it might spark an air of mistrust, which we don’t need. It would be pretty fool-proof if JJ did it internally and you both suggest pulling me over there to explain what could have gone wrong.”
Chapter 30

Even after two hours of desperately trying to catch up on sleep deprivation at his hotel, James decided to pull the plug.
“Garth, can you get over here right now? I have plenty of questions but I won’t be able to snooze tonight unless I have answers to some of them.”
“Sure, if that’s the way you want to do it. I’ll be there in fifteen minutes, so can you find a quiet spot? Not in your room for obvious reasons, and not in the bar either. There’s a smart café just off reception, try to find a table away from but facing the entrance. See you soon.”
James’ cerebral wheels were overly active, not a good omen when trying to second guess a man like Garth. He had to take the initiative, but at the same time, extract the maximum in terms of definite criteria rather than listen to sculptured promises. It was going to be tough to stay alert, looking for lures, carefully formulated to be what he wanted to hear.
His friend arrived a couple of minutes early and scanned the room, then sat down, beckoned the waitress and astonished James by ordering two flat whites and Danish pastries. At least this provided the space for him to open proceedings.
“I have numerous questions, Garth, and I’ve divided them into principal ones, to which I need either yes or no replies, and the rest, of which I want to hear every detail. If you’re not able to do that count me out. I can just go back to my village and get on with my life again. I’m only required to give notice to you, the WSA is your problem.”
Garth’s eyes widened as he realised James wasn’t delivering an ultimatum as such, merely an intent to ditch any further plans which he perceived as bluster or chicanery.
“I guess I can…well, err, comply with your first category of principal questions. As to the rest, it will be up to you to decide if what I tell you is enough to convince you that it really is the only option. It is for me. So go ahead.”
James took a deep breath and kept a steady gaze on Garth’s eyes. “Are you in deep enough with the Russians to the point that theirs is the only offer in which you can have total trust?”
“Yep.”
“This is a different question. Do you trust them?”
“Absolutely. Sorry, yes.”
“Ok. Are you cutting all ties with the WSA?”
“Yes.”
“Does JJ know everything?”
“No.”
“Will he be coming with you?”
“I don’t know for sure, but I hope so, I guess that’s a yes unless he turns me down.”
“Will you dump any of the others working in the U.S.?”
“No - unless they want to leave, in which case they would be paid up to the end of their contracts.”
“James scribbled continuously while he framed his first question on probing into the details of the sudden volte-face he’d been presented with.
“Tell me why we can’t achieve what we want with the WSA.”
“James, this could in itself take all evening, but let me enlighten you as to what I’ve run into with them in the past few weeks. I’m assuming you and I want the same level of commitment to finding out everything there is to know about these stones, those in Oslo, Africa, and on Mars.”
He waited for a response. James nodded.
“Well, that’s where the main problem lies. I can prove to you that the Russians are leagues ahead of the WSA on spacecraft propulsion, but more crucially on exploration machinery. Fullerton-Weiss is about to become a victim of his own intransigence. He has fostered a campaign of no news and fake news. His promises when trying to barge his way into the original Oslo investigation were simply a way to suppress ‘inconvenient’ findings, mostly achieved by his security clearance levels. He knew the Russians were taking a different course and he couldn’t close the gap. He’s in deep shit. I can’t prove that his days are numbered but I can point you to ask your previous boss, Gail Strathmore why her husband has decided to stay on Mars until the Russians arrive. James, you have to accept that even the cavemen were involved in espionage, they had to outwit rivals to survive. I can’t say more, but by the day after tomorrow we will all have fewer options if I don’t kill our system over there. Next question.”
James smiled knowingly. “I can see how this might offer proof but I want to see it. What can you show me?”
Garth took out his phone and accessed a document.
“See what you make of this.”
It was a picture of one of the Alexandrian stones with Russian notation to one side and English translation on the other. The import of it was clear to see. Several examples of overlap with Egyptian hieroglyphs were evident, but the telling pivotal connection was made with phonetic symbols which historians dated to around three thousand BC. When showing these side by side with the inscriptions on the stones, it became obvious that one was derived from the other. It felt quite humbling to accept that the Sumerian and Phoenician scribblings were but basic tools compared to the elegant alien sound language.
“Wow,” exclaimed James, ready to ask his next question.
“Wait, look at the authentic ratification marks of the independent German natural history council. The Russians took the initiative here, and yet the WSA tried to deny it as being fabricated collusion. Tell me, James, did any of your senior people in the WSA officially inform you of this? And crucially do you know of anyone senior to you who might have known, but chose not to open up?”
“I was never shown this. I was given hints that these stones existed but no real detail. Gail Strathmore became a little more sceptical about what was going on after she was cleared to start Mars mission training.”
“Makes sense doesn’t it? She’s married to Gabriel Moreau. You have to wonder why he’s given up his chance to come back to Earth early just to see what the Russians are planning to do. This picture I showed you is dynamite with a capital D. When, not if, this goes viral, the contest will be over, a technical K.O. I had to do some pretty quick deals to even broker the chance to jump ship, but I had to cut corners because of the clock ticking down so fast. WE owe the people of our world the right to know if our ancestry isn’t what we thought it was. It could really become a unifying banner for the planet.”
James rubbed his right hand over the two day stubble he’d acquired and thumped the table with his fist, attracting attention from the waitress. Garth waved her away with a smile.
“Show me the proof that you can get me to Mars, you don’t have it do you?”
“No, I don’t. But, there’s someone who does. Look, my newest version of our system was all the trading collateral I had at my disposal. The Russians believed in it to the point of asking to buy me out. I declined and that surprisingly upped the stakes. They wanted me to sell them part of my company in exchange for some involvement in their colonisation. They conceded to a reasonable retirement pot, but a place for both of us to be part of unearthing the Martian city.”
“City, what the hell are you talking about, it’s just a few larger stones if the rumours are correct.”
“Ok, next week I fly to Moscow to sign off on my exchange with the senior Russians who are running the show. First I have to take out the WSA version of our Mark One system. I can call Dimitri tonight on screen and you can ask him to show you the manifest for training the fourth vessel to be launched for Mars. It could be another two years before we get there, but during that time we’d be at the forefront of everything else that is discovered. This would give you time to go back and give JJ the modified system disruptor rather than the one he has. Then you call me and I come to expose them in their own back yard, before the private jet gets us to the secret site in Siberia. What do you say, Christopher Columbus?”
“My head’s in a spin. Call this Dimitri before I go into meltdown.”
The video link was clear enough for James to see the names on the preliminary list of candidates for the designated vessel ‘Galileo’ scheduled for Mars within twenty-three months. All twelve were earmarked as being subject to the rigorous medical and psychological tests to be conducted in the next two weeks. Garth’s name was there alongside his own. He nodded his affirmation to Dimitri as his mind went blank. Garth closed the session with the message that they’d both arrive in Moscow together on the scheduled date. James then turned to his friend.
“How?”
“Excuse me?”
“How did you wangle this? I know you’ve explained why you decided to pull out of the WSA quagmire, but what did you have to promise to even get us on to this list?”
“The new system I licensed to them has many new useful features, but to be honest the fact that you got that message from the U.S. Mark One version to change priority was the clincher. I expected it to be a deal breaker, but it impressed them. These guys are after the truth, whatever it reveals, so I said I could enhance this side of the probability coefficient output at no extra cost. Who would have thought it? We’re going to Mars, mate.”
“And you’re sure this code I have to take back for JJ will never be detected following the system crash?”
“I’m a salesman, James, it’s my problem and I’m going to lose a lot of revenue by destroying the WSA Mark One. That’s all they’ll want to hear, they’ve never really been interested in it. They only took it to get their hands on the Oslo stones which pointed to Mars. And what do they do? Censor what they considered to be embarrassing. Get some sleep, you’ll be heading back there soon.”
Chapter 31

Meanwhile, Gabriel Moreau had more on his plate than he’d first thought. The chosen landing site and subsequent habitat of the Russian colony had been published. It was to be on the opposite bank of Valles Marineris canyon. The announcement was accompanied by an invitation to the WSA to work in tandem when searching for more conglomerates of stones. It was a bewildering gesture considering how wide the canyon was. The implication was that the Russians had more data from the African stones that were as yet undisclosed.
Gabriel was confronted with multiple requests to return to Earth. He felt that if they were granted, others would follow and ultimately the colony would be abandoned.
He began to question whether the WSA would ever be able to deliver on the promises made over the last year. He knew that the offer to work in tandem would be rejected by Fullerton-Weiss, and contemplated exactly how any sovereignty claims would play out. With only one colony there was no dispute. It would be interesting to see if the Russians planted a flag like his crew had done back in the day. Should he wait for judgement from Fullerton-Weiss it could mean many avenues could be closed, but on the other hand supply lines were crucial to their survival. Some lateral thinking had to be garnered before making his concerns known to the wider world. Another possibility he examined was the odds of Fullerton-Weiss being fired or stepping down, and what that could mean. There was one particular route he could legitimately use to express his fears for the morale within the colony – his wife.

*

James was utterly exhausted and slept through the entire return flight. He’d arranged for JJ to pick him up at the airport.
“So, what’s your excuse for not telling me Garth had given you an input code to destroy the system?”
“I report to you, James, but he pays my wages. He said he didn’t want anyone else to know, and he promised he had my back. How many times do I have to remind you? I’m a pragmatist.”
“Or perhaps an unprincipled low life. Here’s the replacement code, input the damned thing immediately and see how pragmatic you can be then, because I definitely won’t have your back. It will be everyone for themselves.”
“Fine, so what do we do when the system dies?”
“I report it to Wes Harris and tell him we have to call Garth to get his arse over here. He’ll take it from there.”
“What exactly does that mean?”
“Haven’t got a clue. You’re the pragmatist, figure it out for yourself.”
“Nice, so what are you going to do?”
“No idea, but if I did, I’d keep it to myself. Just call me when the burnout is underway and irreversible. After that, do whatever you want. I couldn’t care less.”
“Ok, it will take around forty minutes.”
“No, call me when it is underway and irreversible, not before.”
He glared at JJ until he was sure the guy was shitting himself. Obviously Garth had told him nothing about shipping all his employees back to Oslo – just what JJ would want to hear. James could scarcely hide his mirth as he went off to see Gail Strathmore.

*

Unable to locate Gail, James breezed into the office of Wes Harris. He’d interrupted a discussion which was obviously about new machines of some kind. Wes seemed to welcome the intrusion.
“Sorry, I should have called you first, Wes, I’ll come back at a more convenient time.”
“No, no, take a seat. We’re at a bit of a crossroads and I think we need a break to digest which way forward would be best.”
The three other engineering staff vacated the office and Wes offered James a coffee. “What can I do for you?”
“It’s more the other way around, Wes. I’m supposed to provide you with time on our system but that’s proving to be difficult. You’re aware of this ‘change of priority’ recommendation. Well, I’ve run the problem past Garth Docherty, the guy who recruited me, and he hasn’t come up with any helpful hints on how to resolve the impasse. So, I just thought I’d better let you know we’re still working on the problem.”
“Don’t worry about a delay in sorting this out, James. To be honest, I’ve got more than enough on my plate to keep me busy. In fact, why don’t I flag you when I need your help? It could be a few weeks.”
“Oh, well that’s not what I expected to hear but I’ll take it as read that we wait for your input request. In the meantime, we soldier on to get to the bottom of why the system isn’t functioning the way it should. It’s like a honeymoon bride with a headache. Right, then I’ll….”
His phone vibrated and began to move over the desktop.
“Hello, Sullivan?”
Wes witnessed a lengthy silence, then the occasional ‘uh huh’ affirmation from James. Suddenly, panic came to the fore.
“What, it’s supposed to give warnings about this kind of overheating, have you activated the lockdown protocols?”
Wes could sense some serious problem but remained silent.
“Oh shit! JJ, get on to Garth as quick as you can, I’m on my way.”
He turned to Wes, and excused himself.
“I need to go, the system is having some kind of seizure and it’s seriously overheating. I’ll get back to you.”
“No, this might set off our sprinkler system, I’m responsible for safety as well as engineering. I’ll come with you.”
“Ok, but we need to run, JJ says the lockdown failed, so we’re looking at containment rather than total shutdown.”
When they arrived, JJ played his role well.
“Garth’s at a frigging meeting. The impasse was still flashing when the rising temperature exceeded it operating limit, then the impasse warning disappeared and was replaced by the lockdown screen activation message. But then nothing, not one thing responded to our input, and now we have these wisps of blue smoke at every station, smelling of melting motherboards. I think we’re going to lose this baby now.”
“Jesus,” yelled Wes, now infused with genuine rather than contrived concern, “you guys clear out of here, like now. I’m sorry about your gear but I have to think about the risk of fire breaking out and spreading through the building, and that’s not an option. We have to evacuate the place, lives could be under threat.”
He ran across to a wall-mounted glass plate, swiped his clearance card and initiated the sprinkler system manually. The cascade of water met with smouldering plastic. He then ran to a power isolation board and once again used his card to kill the power. Automatically, the emergency P.A. system kicked in and ordered complete evacuation of the building.
When the emergency services arrived and pored over the situation, asking questions of Wes, James and JJ, the cause was recorded as a failsafe malfunction. Garth needn’t have worried about suspicion falling in his direction. Wes was more than happy to endorse the conclusion, it was a tragic accident; probably down to the numerous hours the system had tried to reconcile the impasse. When the loop could not be broken, the resulting malfunction was inevitable. The collateral benefit to Wes was that he was now free of any obligation to work with this pile of electronic shit. His presence of mind in such a dangerous situation was lauded by Fullerton-Weiss, who ironically expressed sadness at the financial loss suffered by Garth’s company. The way was now clear for all parties.
With no detailed post-mortem, James, JJ, and the rest of Garth’s people prepared to leave. Wes Harris wasted no time in obtaining unanimous agreement to clear out the charred remnants of the system and despatch every last component to a scrapyard. 
“What will you do now, James,” asked JJ.
“As if you care about that. Like I said, I wouldn’t tell you if I knew. I guess we all need to have a chat with Garth. As I told you before the system meltdown, it’s everyone for themselves now, so you should enjoy that.”
“I can’t go back to work in the Oslo environment. I’ll probably look for work in the U.K. That’s why I’ve changed my flight to London.”
James simply acknowledged the parting of the ways and walked off to his office, picked up his tickets and headed for the airport.

*

The village had rediscovered its original peaceful idyllic aura, at least in a picture postcard sense. The wounds of the warring factions were also on the mend, but more time was needed to corral the inhabitants back their previous harmony and the culture of looking out for one another.
James wanted to speak with Lars and his family before travelling on to Oslo. The conversation was short but overwhelmingly positive.
The flight gave him time to rehearse his speech thoroughly, and the familiar drive along the coast in a hire car allowed him to contemplate the scale of the decision he’d made regarding his new life.
“I feel it’s only right that you are the first to know, Lars. I’m going to Mars in the near future, so this may well be the last time I see you, Karl, Axel, and Maya. You’ve been a rock for me, and yet I have one final request to make.”
Lars was visibly shaken, whereas Karl was filled with wonder at the prospect of being launched into space. Maya predictably shrugged her shoulders, while Axel simply licked her right hand. Lars became apprehensive, his eyes welling up with tears.
“You can name what you want, James, I will promise to consider it, but until I know what it is I can’t be sure I am able to do it.”
“Oh, I think you can. Even Karl, Axel and Maya can help you. Every day I think of Hanna, and always will, but I won’t be able to keep her resting place as it should be with flowers. All I can ask of you is to pick some wild flowers each month or so, and place them by her side.”
“Oh, well,” muttered Lars, “that isn’t a favour, James. It will be a true pleasure for us to visit her resting place as often as you would like. We all hope that it is not going to be the last time we see each other, but if it is, then we say farewell with the best of wishes that you find what you are seeking.”
Karl hugged him, Axel whimpered quietly, and Lars embraced his wife as the tears flooded from James’ red-rimmed eyes.
It was a searing wrench to finally retreat to his rented car and drive away to register for his crazy calling to unravel the mystery of the ancients, the species who’d left these stones as some kind of cosmic cartography. As Lars and the others shrunk rapidly in his rear view mirror, he was passing Hanna’s garden of peace, and almost swerved off the cliff next to the coastal road. His mind seemed to be in reverse, like a spool of silent film rewinding time itself. Staggering as if he’d been drinking schnapps all day long, he stood for the best part of an hour, alternately challenging himself as to whether he was really going to leave, or if Hanna could understand why he needed to do this. Finally, he dropped to his knees and convulsed with the forbidden rush of grief he’d denied himself for so long. The few yards back to his car felt like he was harnessed to an elastic brace which made each step more difficult. Thankfully he was returning the car locally and taking the train to Oslo. He was an emotional wreck, incapable of rationalising why the pull of Mars was somehow connected to the abandonment of everything and everyone he’d been inspired by during the happiest years of his life.
Chapter 32

Mirage

Siberia was an inhospitable place in many ways. A bleak landscape, neglected infrastructure, impoverished people, and then there was the training bubble.
James and Garth were required to attend twelve hours every day, which in itself was pretty demanding, but there was virtually nothing to do with their free time. They’d been expected to be on call only for advice on any technical problems with Garth’s system, version Mark Two. However, they decided to take a hands on role, simply to fill the time between mission training and the prescribed amount of sleep.
In a physical sense, James was handling the training much better than Garth, mostly due to the lifestyle they’d each led in the last few years. Mentally, it was almost the reverse. Garth always slept soundly and was philosophical about his chances of being accepted for the journey into space. James was continually seeking purpose to drive himself on. He had no qualms about going to Mars, but it felt like a reflex, like a moth drawn to light, rather than a boyhood dream. What unified their resolve was the chance to crack the case of proving Homo Sapiens was not alone in the cosmos, finally and indisputably.
At times, James found himself adrift, his headspace welcoming thoughts which he would later judge as mirages. Optical illusions, caused by atmospheric conditions, unrealistic hopes, or wishes that could never be achieved. All of which were underpinned by a desire to turn the training bubble into a relentless countdown to launch.
The WSA was apparently still floundering with respect to garnering lost public respect. This wasn’t helped by the Russians regularly pumping out new revelations, particularly regarding the Alexandria stones.
The willingness to engage with the world’s population in this way was proving to be pivotal in the P.R. jungle.
Most of the bulletins centred on the similarities and differences found in the many different references to the alien language. It was almost as if the only explanation could be that they were dialects, either from different origin or time periods. Earth’s earliest civilisations, in historical terms, had always been regarded as phenomenal in this respect – considering the eras in which they were developed. Comparing their structure with the alien inscriptions the similarities were glaringly obvious, yet the degree of sophistication was undeniably different. 
The latest release reinforced this view, and in a curiously specific manner. Garth was the bearer of the breaking news. “This particular stone they’ve just uncovered is cubic in shape, not spherical or circular. On each of the six sides there is an inscription or drawing. So, side one appears to be a colony of ant-like arthropods, and the opposite side depicts a single arachnid. Both are of a scale we’d recognise as being from our planet. Side two resembles a Japanese Spider Crab, and the opposite face seems to represent some related species as yet never seen on Earth, but small of scale. Side three also displays a crustacean, but one of mind boggling size, and the opposite face has an earth-size arachnid duelling with an ant-like arthropod, facing one another in combat. The boffins are still trying to figure out the implied meaning. However, they mentioned that it’s important to observe the giant crustacean very carefully. This had been stressed because of well documented facts which characterise the Japanese Spider Crab. It can weigh up to 20kg and, when fully stretched out, can measure 4 metres from the tip of one leg to the other. However, the body is small compared with the legs, but can still reach 60cm in diameter. They have ten ‘legs’, the front two legs are used as claws for feeding. The Japanese Spider Crab is only really found in the Pacific Ocean around Japan. They spend most of their time living under water – they can live in water as deep as 200-300m, a monumental feat with such pressure to deal with. They can live up to 100 years old. They have orange bodies with white spots on their thin legs. Their eyes are indeed situated at the front, but two horns stick out between them, and they are egg-laying creatures. Now, this obviously becomes a key priority when we get to Mars. The unknown crustacean has been determined to be almost three times the size of the largest Japanese Spider Crab. Food for thought, guys. Better than counting sheep to send you off to sleep.”
After the other recruits dispersed, leaving only James and Garth in the test chamber, the latter shook his head.
“We’re the only ones in this squad remotely interested in the most important question in human history.”
“Relax, Garth, when they get to Mars there’ll be nothing else to do.”
“Maybe, anyway, I’d like to hear your take on this latest revelation.”
“My take? It’s fascinating to hear your summary but there could be many interpretations. Isn’t that the prime function of the Russian scientists?”
“Sure, however, I’m interested in monitoring how they’re working with my new system. Let’s face it, the Oslo experts were utterly full of themselves and the WSA perennially kept us in the dark. The Russians seem to be more open in their approach, so I wanted an independent view before their analysis is published. You know much more about palaeontology and evolution than I do.”
“Ok, well, if you insist, my first thoughts are that the Alexandrian site is more significant than the one in Norway. The fact that they found a cubic stone suggests a puzzle, whereas the round ones are to offer directions.”
“Makes sense. Any idea what the puzzle is about?”
James reflected on the previous data which had been accumulated in the Oslo stones. “There could be a difference in time to consider. Remember, the Oslo stones offered up different eras for the casing and the contents. Ancient rock was used to enclose more recent information. One of the conclusions considered was that Norway was at one time much nearer to the equatorial zone than it is now. This could fit with the new stones from Alexandria insofar as the makers could have chosen the warmer regions because it had the best conditions for life to emerge and prosper. The two locations could have been part of one complex at some time.”
“Ok,” drawled Garth, “and what about this massive crustacean?”
“Yes, that has to be significant. Because crabs are predominantly sea dwelling creatures, I think there is a hint here. The Japanese Spider Crabs are apparently unique to a small area of the Pacific Ocean, so we should consider the differences between them and some of their descendants. Namely land dwellers which eventually came out of the sea. Dry land species were better equipped to evolve to a truer civilisation, primarily groups of interdependent individuals. In the oceans it’s just a pyramid of predators, with the apex and the prey at the extremes. Big factors in surviving on land are speed and places to remain hidden, whereas under the waves there are far less safe refuges. Camouflage is more important, and without it speed of movement becomes even more crucial.”
“Sorry, I don’t see what you’re getting at.”
“This huge crustacean, as far as I am aware, isn’t and never has been found on Earth. So, it’s probably an alien species which needed to mutate. Something that size would be ponderously slow. If it had to avoid predators it may have needed to mutate to survive. What was on the opposite side of the cube?”
“An arachnid and an ant just about to duke it out, presumably for survival.”
“Right, well staying with the idea that the cube is a puzzle, we know that arachnids and ants are enemies, but also that the former do not form colonies, they act alone. Ants do precisely the opposite. Think opposite – the gigantic crab is alien and is probably a loner rather than a coloniser. We need to fit this with the other two pairs on opposite sides.”
“Mm, I’m useless at this kind of logic, give me binary any day.”
“So, the actual Japanese Spider Crab is opposite a very small counterpart which is quite different but never discovered on Earth. If we magnify this small creature we can see that it’s closer in structure to the Giant alien one than the Japanese Spider Crab. Ok, ok, I think this could work, the remaining pair emphasises what I said already about ants and arachnids, they are mortal enemies and totally different in a social sense, yet they have a common ancestor.”
“You’ve lost me again, pal.”
Perhaps the massive alien, a very long time ago, needed to mutate or move on. Hold that thought – move on to another world. We know that certain crustaceans made it to the land and were the common ancestor of both insects and arachnids. Size is very important here, especially if it is a disadvantage. Think speed and camouflage again. If these aliens can be proven to have come to Mars and then much later to Earth, they would surely have understood genetic engineering. They could have stepped into the unknown of downsizing themselves when they made it to our solar system, not wanting to repeat being primary prey to large predators. Not engaging with this essential objective would have been foolhardy when they came to Earth, which would be crawling with heavyweights. Get in at the bottom and exploit plant life rather than take on the big hitters to get protein. Anyway, there could be dozens of other ways to make the puzzle work.”
“True, but I want to be ready to challenge the boffins if they get stuck. Your reading of the runes could stimulate further discussion and most importantly, become actual input to the system. We don’t know what it would make of your interpretation. Thanks, James, let’s grab a beer. It’s been a tough week.”

*
Gabriel Moreau’s concerns had just ratcheted up a notch. Every organisation capable of tracking Origins, the second Russian craft on its way to Mars, reported the same message – ‘Solar coordinates and atomic clocks confirm that the vessel is on course to arrive as predicted, in fractionally less than three and a half months. This conclusion assumes that no major incidents will be encountered, including diminished propulsion efficiency’.
The WSA, in Moreau’s opinion, was still in denial, reeling from the shock of verifiable and independent progress of Origins. The first vessel, Explorer was parked in orbit. Added to this, he had failed to convince Fullerton-Weiss & Co that the intention of Russian mission control to land the first craft on the opposite side of Valles Marineris canyon could be a smokescreen. He believed it was a ‘Trojan Horse’ tactic. He had no proof, but suspected that there would be an unpleasant surprise some way down the line. His question was – ‘why had they declared that one of their highest priorities was to investigate the alien stones and had offered to work together with the WSA?’ 
Their landing site would effectively cut them off from the existing colony, unless they were prepared to travel hundreds of miles in either direction to meet up with Moreau and his people. It didn’t make sense.
Gabriel wasn’t the only one looking to pick apart the true Russian motive. Fullerton-Weiss had clearly lost the PR war and the trust of the entire global population. He knew there was already an ‘Et tu Brute’ moment being hatched by enemies and friends alike. Finally, Fullerton-Weiss approached Wes Harris. Humility wasn’t Fullerton-Weiss’ strong suit, yet his perception was that he still had time to avoid an avalanche of calls for his head. Wes didn’t quite know how to react to an invitation to join a campaign in which he would become guilty by association. 
“We can dig deeper into Moreau’s point that the Russian landing site is nothing more than a diversionary tactic. I believe he has a point, don’t you?”
“Possibly, but this should have been seen earlier, and by those residing on this planet, not colonists on Mars. As you know, I’m fully engaged with development of machines and robots to speed up the pace of exploration objectives. I don’t really have time to expend on the politics game. I guess I’m saying that you’re asking the wrong guy. The grapevine seems to indicate that the Russian olive branch needs to be re-evaluated, but by a team with a fresh philosophy. In any case I’m pretty naïve when politics apparently supersede logic. I wish I could help, I really do.”
A scapegoat usually salves the human craving for pleasing the gods by offering a sacrificial lamb, despite the record showing that it often fails to deliver that very salvation. Fullerton-Weiss was hardly a lamb, but blood-letting would allow the WSA to perform a volte-face without having to explain why, as long as the sacrificed individual accreted the blame for everything designated as stubborn refusal to adapt. There was no place in an organisation for such intransigence. People would understand.
Chapter 33

Garth was out of breath as he exploded on to the scene, obviously with something significant to say. He managed to convey by facial gestures that he and James should speak in private.
When he was sure they were alone he began to rabble on about the latest message from the Russians’ operating System Mark Two. “It has called for more input. Not declaring an impasse, simply asking for input without being specific.” 
“Slow down, Garth. Is there any more input available?”
“Absolutely, they found another stone in Alexandria. This one is triangular. That’s different from all the others, the spheres, circles, and the cube. But the most interesting part is what it supposedly says. Its message is in an even more sophisticated alien language, with a phonetic ‘dictionary’. Not in the sounds we as humans recognise, according to the linguistics experts, rather in the communication ‘sounds’ that the creatures on the cube might have made. Vibrations! Sounds caused by vibrations. Oh, and they kind of agree that your theory of the cube being a puzzle makes sense, but they aren’t convinced by your solution. They think it’s too convoluted, they maintain it would more likely be as simple as they could make it. Anyway, they want to meet us to discuss what the next move should be. Let’s go.” 
James didn’t follow him. “Hold on, you’ve lost me as usual. Are we talking to them about input or the new stone?”
“Well, yeah I see why you might be confused, but I don’t want to lose the opportunity to second guess their professed openness. If we agree to simply input all of the data from the new stone, it could well make the system happy again. However, we don’t want another bloody impasse. If the system gets new input and coughs up suggestions with probability coefficients like it should, we’d get a take on this phonetic guidebook stuff. That would then raise the question of your solution to the cube puzzle and it would either endorse it or offer alternatives. The Russians say they are open to discuss what this would mean for their two Martian vessels when they make landfall. I want to put that to the test. Got it?”
“Yeah. So let’s see if they’ll show us this phonetic guidebook first then. I seem to remember that spiders are deaf, I can’t be sure about ants, but the images of the alien creatures on the cube would surely be more advanced. After all, we’re supposed to believe they were a spacefaring species from millions of years before sentient life emerged on Earth. I agree, all of this should be scrutinised with our new best friends.”

*

Although Garth acknowledged he had a puzzle to solve, the WSA continued to inhabit the world of denial. In a moment of self-analytical epiphany the former allies of Fullerton-Weiss engineered him into retirement. A new philosophy was to be espoused by all, yet the appointment of his successor was somewhat underwhelming. Wes Harris demonstrated due humility and astonishment in equal measure during his acceptance speech. His ‘more of the same’ policies would, at least in his mind, offer stability. Evolution rather than revolution. In himself, Wes could scarcely believe he’d been promoted twice in the twinkling of an eye. His first decision as a new broom which sweeps clean was to officially and publicly pull all resource from the alien investigation to concentrate every cent of available investment in Martian machines and the A.I. to control them. He also forewarned the organisation that the transportation of such equipment was to prevail over getting more humans out to the colony.

*

Garth and James couldn’t quite comprehend how many ‘experts’ were assembled in the darkened room. Rather than having a roll call, the head of the Russian delegation pointed out four section heads who would be the only others to actually speak. As requested, the triangular stone content was projected on to a giant screen. The linguistics leader rose to his feet and drew their attention to symbols which decorated the edges of all three sides.
“You will please notice that these symbols appear randomly in the inner section. We have used our own reference books and your system to initially confirm our findings. Single, double, through to multiple appearances of these symbols suggest beginnings and endings of sections of text. The content within the symbols is thought to describe what is intended to be conveyed. All of these scribes of each type represent specific wavelengths of sound to us, but to the authors they have to be converted to patterns of vibration in order to be decoded. This assertion was also backed up by our reference books and validated in the last two hours by your system, indeed it has yielded a probability coefficient of 1.0, which cannot be surpassed. Before we go further, are there any questions?”
Garth was well prepared. “Yes. Was this input entered as general data or as a standalone side programme? Because I did not authorise general additions.”
“The latter,” replied the linguistics man, “we wanted to avoid losing the current baseline of your system. We want to speak more about this later.”
“Good,” said Garth with a twinkle in his eye, “I’ll keep any more questions until then.”
James held up his hand. “So, what did the decoding tell us?”
The linguist stood down, giving way to the next two section heads. The palaeontologist flicked on to the next screen.
“You will notice this ‘translation’ summary sheet has only around sixty-four percent of the symbols and content markers identified. We are proceeding with utmost care and at a rather slow pace. This is because your system checks every entry, and we often get them wrong before we find a match. In spite of this frustrating process we have compiled extracts of the text which have been verified by the system. Filling in the blanks will take another week or so, but it will not change even one of the items already decoded. I will hand over to the mathematics expert.”
The woman cleared her throat and moved the slide presentation on. “I will present my findings in two parts. In between, our astrophysics leader will clarify exactly how her findings correspond to my own. Briefly, I can declare that decoded references repeatedly mention a home planet with a solar source and other orbiting bodies which are described exclusively by gravitational and electromagnetic data. They do not match with our solar system. We have not yet been able to find a star system which fits the data the triangular stone has surrendered so far. Now over to my colleague.”
The astrophysicist took the remote and up popped a page full of numbers. “We have begun our trawl in the Milky Way galaxy. As you can see we have not found any planet which corresponds to the decoded data from our triangular stone. There is one star system which is close to the electromagnetic signature we are looking for. I say close because this signature could well have changed over the period of time since the data set was scribed on the stone. We are impressed with the rapid response from your system when it makes these comparisons and the work continues with some urgency. I am confident we will either find a match or a close approximation to the values we have decoded. We are also searching for any signs of debris from a circulating body which no longer exists in the one star system which is still considered a possible candidate. If our calculations are projected backwards in time they yield a picture which ties in with new revelations from the stone, and we have a valid starting point. Please remember that we only have sixty-five percent of the data as yet.”
He sat down and the mathematician took the floor once more. “I want to draw attention to any link between the cubic stone with the puzzling images and the triangular one we are discussing now. I believe the proposed solution provided by Mr Sullivan has much merit in conceptual terms, and I disagree with some of my colleagues that it should be disqualified because of its complexity. I work with mathematical symmetry and any species which communicates via a language which is exclusively in facets of cosmic data intrigues me. I agree that leaving a message for other species should logically be as simple as possible so that the recipient can interpret it, but the authors involved with these stones have left numerous messages, and they vary wildly in complexity. Perhaps they have tried to reach a range of other species with different levels of sentience. There is also evidence that their legacy covers a period from four hundred million years ago until the relatively recent discoveries, which are dated to barely two hundred thousand years ago. We must look at this in the same way as we view the legacies of the ancients of our planet – they vary significantly even over a period of just a few thousand years. Thank you.”
The overall leader thanked his speakers and returned to James’ solution. “We suggest acknowledgement of the system request for more data, however, it is recommended to do this in stages. It would make sense to retain all of these stages on discreet extensions to the main core of the system which can only be interacted with the core itself as and when we are confident that no impasse will result. Each one can then be evaluated by the additional input of only a conceptual version of Mr Sullivan’s solution in order to see if the system rejects it or defaults to a demand for further input. Even if the latter occurs we will not have compromised the main system.”
Both Garth and James were impressed with the plan and declined to ask more questions for the present. When out of earshot Garth smoothly switched the conversation to other concerns. “I should tell you that we’ve parted company with JJ.”
“Why?” exclaimed James, “he’s the most accomplished member of the team.”
“True, but the Russian way of using the system pissed him off. He bleated on about their demands, asking me to intervene. Making an enemy of JJ would indeed be a bit risky. But he’s far too dangerous now. Think about it, if he’s pissed off I’d rather he tried to savage us from outside than having him with us as a double agent. Excuse the need for draconian action, James, but we have to make certain the system is not only seaworthy when we transport it to Mars, it has to be immune to insider mutiny. The big picture, James, not misplaced loyalty. I gave him the payoff he asked for, so we should be ok. ”
This wasn’t well received, but Garth had a point. They headed back to their dormitory.

*

Gail Strathmore knew Wes Harris better than anyone in the WSA. This gave her confidence that his own preoccupation with machines could justify the risk to make bolder direct contact with her husband. The message was heavily clichéd to create a back door excuse if she was challenged about it by any nosey parker.
‘Greetings from the land of mixed signals, Gabriel. Hot from the press is a change of leadership. Sir Fullerton lost focus and has gone AWOL, forced to concede the Russian’s are at least one step ahead. We now have ‘Harris the tank engine’ in the driving seat. Nobody seems to mourn the deposed king, nor jump for joy at the prince elect. The new chief has abandoned the alien stone investigation to fast track machines for your colony. Don’t get over-excited, it will be at the cost of delaying more pioneers to expand the Martian family. This probably includes your wife. Your decision to cancel a return to Earth means we might not see each other for quite some time. I get the impression that the robots might arrive before the machines, even though nobody is prepared to say how they came to this conclusion. Perhaps I’m going to be offered the honour of being the first human to be converted to a hybrid. A Hobot! The group I’m training with has been reduced by two. It’s hard to know whether this is a game of musical astronauts or part of the emphasis on A.I. as the long term plan. Should we divorce to prevent you being married to a frigid motherboard?’
Gabriel sniffed a hidden clue in this strange communique. Gail never used such frilly language. He needed to pull it apart and start to piece the essential parts back together.
Chapter 34

It was now pretty certain that the Russian craft, Origins, was going to be on time and join Explorer in orbit. Gabriel Moreau informed the quorum that they needed to take actions in preparation for the landing on the other side of the canyon.
Since the colony was founded, the only fatalities and injuries had been down to the environment. But this was different. He advised that they should break out the molecular disruptors. These weapons had only been brought to Mars to cover the unlikely possibility that they would encounter some kind of hostile underground life forms. The disruptors were capable of slowly eroding rocky terrain, but the power drain on them meant they were grossly inefficient for this task. In very sharp contrast, they were a devastating means of frying organic tissue.
The quorum was alarmed at his suggestion to equip themselves in this way before the Russians were given a chance to co-exist peacefully. He brushed the concerns aside, saying that it was purely a defensive gesture which could be key to their survival. His argument rested on the fact that nobody had ever raised objections that the disruptors were part of the initial cargo. They couldn’t have known what they would find on Mars, and this was no different. Two members of the quorum weren’t convinced but decided not to make an issue out of it. Gabriel then turned his attention back to unpicking Gail’s message.

*

The steps for input to the Mark Two system in Siberia had been agreed. First, the full contents of the triangle were uploaded. This decision was based upon the fact that although the cube had been discovered first, that was by mere chance. The triangle had a more sophisticated ‘language’ and was an explanatory device, whereas the cube was deemed to be a puzzle and maybe required this ‘language’ to decipher its solution. Garth was informed and the upload was authorised. The response of the system validated their decision. The request for more data disappeared and the process of evaluation began. It took several hours to obtain another response, which unexpectedly spewed out a new set of coordinates of potential interest on Mars. But then, more language translation code appeared, disappeared and then several minutes later, a conversion screen popped up. The astrophysicist was intrigued by this and then realised it was a guide of enablement to identify the star system the alien race had referred to in the triangular stone. He rushed off to his own stellar map of the Milky Way and began to eliminate the stars which didn’t conform to the translated crib sheet. Before he’d made much progress, one of the Mark Two system operatives handed him another printout. This was the Holy Grail he’d been missing – a time-related table of predicted gravitational and electromagnetic shift covering the period during which the aliens had apparently visited Earth.
When this news reached Garth he told James they should meet to talk. They finished the training module and went directly to see the system output for themselves.
“You know, James, this could be a major breakthrough, and I’m beginning to believe this species has tried very hard to communicate with all possible intelligent life. Maybe your solution to the cube puzzle could be valid.”
“Nah, I said at the time I’d merely verbalised one possible explanation amongst many others. Let’s concentrate on their original homeland for now.”
“Fair enough, although I have to admit these numbers they found are totally over my head.”
They eventually tracked down the astrophysicist and he flashed a beaming smile. “Gentlemen, we are getting closer. Your system has sifted through the crib sheet and made adjustments for the dimension of time. We are now able to eliminate candidate stars at least fifty times faster than before. At worst, I expect to identify the star system to which they refer by tomorrow morning. I can tell you it is not one of those I favoured as a life-supporting candidate in our galaxy.”
They left for the Mark Two system to see first-hand exactly what was being churned out. Garth seemed to be unusually pensive. “We should ask for more input, the cube in particular.”
“The system isn’t asking for it,” replied James, not wanting to cause dissent within the team, “we agreed the order and timing of the addition of information, have faith in your own brainchild. Sometimes I think it has a more ordered mind than you do.”
“Mm, you could be right, but I confess I’m having difficulties with our training, in a physical sense. You’re in much better shape and it shows. I get the feeling I’m not going to make the cut. If we come up with something truly stunning which our system pinpoints, I become more indispensable.”
“Garth, give your maverick tendency a rest for once. You could be right but the risk of an impasse still hangs over the system. If that was to happen it would be lights out, just as it was in the U.S.”
“Ok, but we have to balance all risks. I’ll back off for now just to see if time becomes critical.”

*

Gabriel was really struggling with Gail’s message, until the second one arrived. 
‘Sorry about the previous cynical missive. I only have fifteen minutes before my next training module so I’ll be brief. At least I should get home earlier for a change. This session requires all twenty-seven remaining contenders to vacate the bubble when the horn blares, instead of risking harming us by going right down to the last astronaut standing. The poor bastards who were kicked out were among the best in environmental hazard resistance from the initial thirty, a big mistake if you ask me. I feel really sorry for them, but it could be me next. Whatever happens, I’m going to have a real blowout tonight – a fully-loaded pizza at the Italian on that junction between Forty-Third and Pembroke. If I do make it through to the next phase I’ll be in touch. Wish me luck.’
As soon as he received this he knew the mistake he’d spotted in the first message was deliberate. Gail would never have put an apostrophe in the word - Russians’, let alone in the wrong place. So that had to be one of the key words in the first message. He counted out each word very carefully. It all fell into place when referring the numbers in the second message to the words in the first one – change (15) to (27) Russians (30) engine (43).
The message seemed crystal clear to Gabriel, but the meaning was ambiguous, or obscure at best - ‘change to Russian engine’ – was this Gail saying Wes Harris had taken her into his confidence? Was it something to do with espionage? Was the Russian craft - Origins - going to switch to an even more powerful propulsion system? He wondered if there was to be a third message. Surely it couldn’t mean that the machines Wes Harris had given the highest possible priority were actually new, untried clones of Russian design. He studied the first message over and over until he finally fell asleep in the small hours of the Martian morning, only to be awakened by the airlock alarm.

*

James was conversing with one of the most capable Russian operatives on the Mark Two system about the immediate output after the screen requesting more data had disappeared.
“It was a short time of worry for us. The screen was black for maybe six, seven minutes and we were considering a manual shutdown. It then resumed analysing the existing data alongside the new.”
“Right, was this in code only or words?”
“First it was code, for only twenty seconds maximum. The words then followed and took longer. It was as if the code was absolute and the words could be many different meanings. It sometimes stopped briefly and then began again. I had never seen this before, and it looked like the system was actually thinking about probability and not calculating coefficients.”
When Garth was apprised of this he reacted strangely.
“Garth, did you get all that?”
“Yeah, yes I got it loud and clear. It has the stink of a hacker. I was just thinking of who might have busted our security defences. I can’t come up with any that I know with that capability. It could be some lone renegade. I’d hate to think it was someone on the inside.”
“What leads you to believe we’ve been hacked?”
“Long story, James. I need total silence and no company for a few hours. I’m going home. See you, mate.”

*

James continued to chat with the operative, Sergei, who’d given him the heads up on the stuttering code changing to word processing. They were interrupted by another operative.
“Excuse me, you need to see this, Sergei.”
They walked around to the nearest VDU, which was in flashing mode again. ‘Reference to Cube – insufficient data’.
“But we didn’t input any data about the cube yet,” suggested James, with a questioning expression on his face, “did we?”
“No, said Sergei, not as far as I am aware, but I suppose it is possible there was something in the triangular stone input which had some numerical reference to the cube, or the experts did not translate every single chunk of the alien language correctly. Maybe the system got stuck on a misinterpreted symbol or phonetic script.”
“Sounds plausible,” replied James, “in which case it would seem that it now knows there is a cube to evaluate. Look, the sub-screen is showing the definition of a cube. I’d say it’s merely telling us we can proceed to input the entire data from the cube. It’s what we wanted to hear, isn’t it?”
“Yes, but we need to clear that with the whole team. I cannot do it alone.”
“Sure, so let’s do that, Sergei. I’ll try to catch Garth before he leaves the building.”
The P.A. announcement broke Garth’s train of thought. The roof was the only place he could pretty much guarantee no interruptions, or so he hoped. When he caught up with James he seemed to be a little tetchy.
“Can’t a poor sod find any peace in this god-forsaken complex? We’re in Siberia – probably the most isolated place on the bloody continent.”
“Yeah, sorry about that but what exactly made you think we were being hacked?”
Garth drew a deep breath, wiping the light covering of snowflakes from his jacket. “I’ve seen it before, it usually happens when a critical alteration of code is attempted during an intensive processing period. I’ve even inadvertently caused such staccato blips myself. Why do you ask?”
James took the circuitous route rather than offering a direct challenge. “I’ve just been talking to Sergei, and he thinks it may be down to sloppy translation of data or the triangular stone input may have had some kind of hidden trigger to demand more information upload.”
“You mean, like – give it all of the cube data?”
“That’s one option, but when I ran this through my own head over and over, there’s another possibility. What happened to the information from the stones retained in Oslo after we shipped the rest to the WSA?”
A slow smile appeared on Garth’s face. “It’s all mothballed, right where we left it. It’s in lockdown. I see where you’re going with this – the WSA system had an impasse because we decided not to upload that data.”
James watched his friend’s cerebral processing for a few seconds and posed his second question.
“Did you input the Oslo data into the Russian Mark Two unit?”
“I didn’t see the need to give them stuff that could cause the same problem, that’s a dumb question, mate. What the…”
“Just bear with me, Garth. Remember, we’re dealing with at least two time periods here. Hundreds of millions of years and a few hundred thousand years ago. Can you visualise the Earth itself at these times? At one time there was only one huge continent – Pangea. However, long after it split up, in fact to this day, we have tectonic movement. It’s well accepted that Norway was once in equatorial regions. Do you get it now?”
“No, for hell’s sake just spit it out. I’m about to crap myself.”
“Perhaps we were supposed to find the Alexandrian stones first. The Oslo stones could have been later. Can you recall that they were encased in rock from the early period but the contents were from the later time?”
“Jesus, James, what goes on in that head of yours? So, we have to check the one from Alexandria to see if the contents are from a different…”
No, no, I think they are possibly two ends of a story. Those in Alexandria are codes, directions and a resulting puzzle. What do we know about the radioactive sources? The triangular types don’t have any. Have we broken open the cube? No! The Oslo data has to be input now, right now.”
“Shit, let’s get all of these experts in one room. We could have been sitting on the answer for weeks. Maybe if we’d just input the Oslo data in the WSA system we wouldn’t have needed to come to bloody Siberia at all.”
Chapter 35

Thankfully it was a very short meeting. The Oslo input and that from the cube were sequentially added. There was an explosion of activity in the system. It took several hours to make sense of the multiplicity of probability coefficients associated with each sector. The first declaration was helpful insofar as it explained why the initial Martian site identified by the Oslo stones had been a disappointment. Now that the timeline of things were better understood, those particular Martian discoveries were but a small part of the overarching story.
Perspective was soon shifted to new Martian coordinates revealed in the Alexandrian stones, particularly those on the other side of the canyon from the existing colony. A slice of serendipity for the Russian mission. They had chosen their landing site on the basis of military prudence, one which would contain a surprise for the WSA.
Piles of printouts lay scattered all over the floor. At last the verdict on the cube was clear, even if difficult to believe. James’ solution was correct, but in only one respect; the opposite faces had some bearing on the solution. The experts were also correct in their assertion that there had to be a simpler means to that end. 
The starting point was DNA. Not just slight variations, but gross differences. The colossal crustacean actually represented the alien species prior to leaving their home planet. Everything else was a spin-off from that creature. Their very first attempts at making a new start on Mars was dictated by the planet itself. Mostly arid and lacking large oceans at that time was a serious challenge. Their home planet had been virtually land free. The DNA of the colossal crustacean was modified stepwise to survive Martian conditions, particularly burrowing capability. Wind storms were a serious concern, hence the depiction of much smaller versions of their existing bulky carcasses, transposed to those of the alternatives, arthropods both ant-like and arachnids. These two experimental creatures fared differently on the red planet, as shown by the images of a flourishing colony of ants compared to a lone arachnid. 
The original giant crustacean species had essentially been forced to leave their home planet because they were becoming an evolutionary dead end in the vast oceans, they were caught between the apex predators and their deficient immune resistance to the infinitesimal organisms - viral and bacterial threats. They had tried to occupy dry land habitats, but they were extremely scarce, and could never sustain many of the species. Hundreds of thousands of years later, the march to uber-sentience had led them to the flip of a coin – stay and fight one another for sustainable living space or search for a new home in the infinite. Wars of attrition between the various factions had eventually seen off the doubters and led to a dedicated objective of becoming a spacefaring species. Another two and a half thousand years saw the dawn of a new chapter in their lives. The chosen ones left in their hundreds while those left behind accepted they would ultimately perish because hordes of viruses and bacteria had welcomed new hosts from out of the oceans. The giant crustaceans had mastered DNA manipulation but not the ever-changing adaptability of such an invisible infectious army.
The chronicling of these pioneers was meticulous and their full legacy had at last found one of its intended targets. However, there was another reason for these disclosures being so elaborate.
Further trawling through the plethora of information had another surprise in store. The DNA research programme conducted by the alien race was divided into two distinct phases. All applications of fiddling with genomes, cloning, and environmental factors came first. Later in time, when they were about to leave Mars for Earth, the process of copying and downloading cerebral ‘personality’ into purpose built synthetic body receptors began. 
However, the first of their kind to settle on Earth were the genuine article, whether they were smaller, land or sea dwellers, with or without being earmarked for modification. The descendent synthetic progeny which followed had been carefully selected. The bitter experience of being both predator and prey in times past was deeply ingrained into their psyche. They foresaw eras of Leviathans such as dinosaurs and blue whales. The decision was made to avoid competing in such an arena. The only way was down – to the already burgeoning world of the tiny.
It all made sense when looked at from their perspective. The colossal crustacean would be engineered stepwise to a common ancestor of arthropods, which would ultimately gave rise to both ants and spiders. 
The Japanese Spider Crab image on the cube was a separate strand of research. Cloned directly from a downsized alien colossus, it wasn’t the favoured option; more a slim chance to preserve identity and legacy. Its opposite image was a kind of parachute option, a smaller version with better camouflage protection, and other ocean habitat benefits. However, these unpredictable oceans were considered as distinctly last chance saloon candidates. This still left open questions – was there now an explanation of why the Japanese Spider Crabs remained exclusive to a small area of the Pacific Ocean? Where did these current day creatures rank in terms of sentience?
The third and final face of the cube was simply a testimony that the primary favoured experimental route of downsizing, and becoming land dwellers was the right choice for survival. Although they became arch enemies, ants and arachnids still coexist. However, the tragic downside to the entire saga was encapsulated in the failure to harness evolution completely. The reproductive method and subsequent gestation periods had an influence they’d either overlooked or never considered. Gradual mismatch of synaptic complexity and fixed cerebral space and became an unstoppable slide away from true sentience. Survival of the fittest was a lottery in which the trends can change dramatically whether measured in terms of millennia rather than months or centuries. The gap in monitoring their well laid plans belatedly flagged this up and led directly to the previously unthinkable white flag of surrender, replaceable carcasses. It did alleviate concerns for a time, but inevitable degradation of transplanted ‘personality’ followed within just a few generations. 
This was nobly delivered as a warning to future species contemplating a similar path. And still, there was a prediction of something potentially worse. Its roots were supposedly still a threat in a different part of the galaxy.
The system had discharged everything it could and it now displayed a simple message, not one which required a coefficient of probability. There was still definitive immense infrastructure to be found on Mars.
It had been a long night and dawn was already creeping over the horizon. James and Garth slumped into the nearest available chairs. James couldn’t hold back any longer.
“That was something else. Surreal doesn’t cover it. Do you get the feeling that you know these aliens? It’s like mythological stuff from comic books I read as a kid. Apart from the implication that they influenced life on Earth in some way, I’m intrigued by how much more advanced they were than we are today. It’s hard to imagine being as smart as that before there was any civilisation of any kind on this planet.”
Garth shook his head cynically. “Come on, James, they came, they saw, they conquered, they fiddled, and it looks like they became extinct. Other than helping to bestow hieroglyphics on the Egyptians and Sumerians, where is the evidence they improved this planet? Ok, we found an answer to the big question, that’s it. I don’t feel any better about it, it’s a bit of a pisser.”
“So, you think humans have done a great job for those yet to be born in the next thousand years, let alone millions? You really only exist in the now, don’t you, Garth? Oh, I forgot, the now and seeing how much money you can make.”
“Close, but what else is there for punters like us? I just hope there’s something out on Mars which will grab the headlines. I need a boost like that to cover my investment. Don’t give me that look, save it for the ornithologists.”

*

Gabriel Moreau ruled out all options except the one of both Russian crews getting to Mars ahead of schedule. None of his other imagined meanings of Gail’s message related to anything from which he could see hope. Not that he could do much about that either, but preparation for such an event was preferable to the vessels just appearing out of the sky; such negligence could cause them to miss where the vessels actually landed.
He checked with an old friend who worked in a Chilean observatory who confirmed that Origins had indeed accelerated beyond the already phenomenal velocity achieved for most of the journey. Gabriel could only focus on what might happen after the landing. How that might vary from the expected coordinates, but also what kind of cargo was unloaded other than habitat modules.
His head was so full of alternate scenarios that when he did receive a third message from Gail, it had little impact in clarifying his thoughts.
‘Got the good news today. Passed to the next cut with flying colours. It’s past twelve and I’m late, got to run. Don’t send your congratulations to me until after the final selection, a few weeks from now.
Gail.’
The message contained only a single number. Twelve. The referenced word being flying. So, the message as a whole read – change to Russian engine – flying. Gabriel had more work to do on Gail’s use of words. The only Russian engine which could interest him was that of the approaching craft. If that’s what Gail was trying to tell him, then he could just carry on with bringing forward preparations. It still nagged him that she’d go to such lengths only to warn him of an early arrival of Explorer and Origins, when it could potentially risk her exclusion from the astronauts’ group. Poring over all three messages again, he muttered to himself. ‘No way’. 

*

Wes Harris was attentive as his subordinates briefed him on the progress on new machine concepts. There was nothing of revolutionary design which fitted the requirements conveyed by Gabriel Moreau. He lost patience with some of his staff.
“Guys, I’m tired of hearing what we can’t do. So tired, in fact that I’m going to turn the schedule around. Instead of spreading resource between heavy equipment and robotics, I want all of us to focus on the robots and their pairing with whatever machines we do come up with. The interfacing is pretty standard once we know what we’re trying to control. Having machines of the size and capabilities Moreau needs is useless if they rely on humans to operate them. The robot designs are way ahead anyway, so I want us to get on with their fabrication and then add on control boxes for the machines they already have on Mars. Then we switch everyone back to the problem of compromise between power and weight of the new equipment. If we don’t get some help out to Moreau, I’m afraid we’re all out of a job. At least I’m now in a position where I don’t need authorisation to do this, so get your fingers out. Meeting closed.”
Chapter 36

Cold Fusion

At first sight it was just another bright light in the sky, but one which came closer each day. Explorer was orbiting as normal, but the rendezvous was edging closer. Around the clock surveillance had been ordered by Gabriel Moreau, as he wondered why Explorer hadn’t made landfall already. Trajectory, angular velocity, entry point, and predicted landing site were constantly reported. Back at the location of launch, the apprehension was just as tangible. 
Origins was just days away and the braking curve had already been implemented. Viewed from a Copernican stance, the unfolding drama was no big deal. Whatever the human race did, lives were going to be lost. It was never easy to reconcile the losses with any gains in real terms, but this wasn’t just about the human race. Earth had never been free from mass homicide since the species graduated from four-legged, fruit-eating primates to bipedal carnivores.
As expected, James and Garth had widely differing views on the event. They’d been given a day off to watch its progress on TV. Garth was beginning to annoy James
 “I hope there are no cock-ups with this landing, James. The general public haven’t been told that the deployment of such a braking curve couldn’t be tested in time for the launch. There’s so much riding on this for me.”
“Yeah, I feel really sorry for you. What about the poor sods flying in the craft? I’d wager they are crapping in their suits at the prospect of you betting on the wrong people.”
“At least I admit I’m an opportunist. You’re a bit of a hypocrite in some respects. Always looking for the moral high ground. You keep banging on about ‘finding’ yourself again on this mission. How exactly does that work?”
“Well, for a start this alien species first visited our planet at a time which makes the point of separation of Homo Sapiens from other hominids to the present seem like the blink of an eye. Surely that’s worth some kind of reverence. I’m not a religious person, Garth, so I want to understand as much as possible about why we’re here – I already know more than I want to about what we are. That’s the best I can do. Now, can you tell me how much obscene wealth you need to make you happy? Take your time, I want to watch this landing without having a discourse with you over whether you should have an infinity swimming pool both indoors and out. Just shut up for the next couple of days.”
The two days passed agonisingly slowly and neither of them even exchanged glances as Origins finally achieved orbit capture. The glow of each unit despatched for landing ensured that over half of Earth’s population held their breath several times during the descent. Especially when the two vessels took turns to release their next modules.
Gabriel Moreau and his entire colony had a more spectacular vantage point, and understandably, a lot more to gain or lose than anyone on Earth. The halo-like unevenly sized objects appeared to be diving too steeply, reminiscent of German Stuka bombers on the Normandy beaches. As if in a synchronised swimming performance, the objects performed a corkscrew twirl for less than ten seconds. The coronas of each gradually dimmed and the unit outlines became clearer as the angle of descent softened. It was then as good as over, except for the clouds of dust settling, when touchdown was deemed complete.
Garth and James were visibly relieved albeit for different reasons. Gabriel Moreau was still waiting for the main event. The landing of Origins was as predicted, on the opposite side of Valles Marineris canyon, but in his opinion dangerously close to the edge. He waited patiently for the various airlocks to be opened and the crew members to emerge. Explorer had yet to descend, but there was no sign of that happening. 

*

Although they’d had enough excitement for one day, James and Garth were met by the Russian astrophysicist as they headed out of the building.
“We have more system output after a very long pause. I have good news – we have identified the home planet of the authors and fabricators of the stones.”
“Jeez, I need to sit down again to hear this. My blood pressure must be off the bloody scale,” groaned Garth.
“There’s no mistake, the star system has been verified. It is Tau Ceti.”
“Is that good?” queried Garth, to the intense annoyance of James. The astrophysicist qualified the term ‘good’.
“It’s one of the closest stars in the galaxy, so I suppose that could be considered good in one way, but there are downsides as well. Tau Ceti is a Sun-like star located just under twelve light-years away, in the constellation Cetus. The star is very similar to our Sun in its size and brightness, but it is not as active as the Sun. We’ve known about this star for a long time. And in 2012, potentially habitable planets were discovered in the Tau Ceti system. The four planets we’ve just investigated are all relatively small, with comparable masses to Earth. They orbit Tau Ceti once every 20, 49, 160, and 642 days, respectively.
“Two of them, in the outer orbits of Tau Ceti, are located within the accepted extremes of what we call the habitable zone. They are indeed thought to be candidate habitable worlds, although a massive debris disc around their host star probably complicates their habitability due to intensive bombardment by asteroids and comets. This last point is also referenced in the latest system printouts.”
This was all just matter of fact stuff for the astrophysicist, but Garth’s brain was whirling quicker than the pirouettes of the landed contents of Origins and Explorer. James shook his head and left without him.

*
Although the dust from the various modules despatched from Explorer and Origins had settled, there was an encore of sorts. It caught Gabriel Moreau flat-footed, just as he was summoned back to the briefing room. His astonishment was obvious to everyone in attendance. There were no conventional rovers. Instead they witnessed the slow emergence of ascending objects, which could be best described as hover-diggers. There were eight of these compact machines. Each had four retractable legs, two counter-rotating worm screws which could be oriented downwards or laterally. Gabriel had been thinking in the right direction in his efforts to unravel Gail’s messages, but he had been convinced the reference to ‘engine’ could only mean that it involved the main craft. Now he realised she would have referred to that as a ‘propulsion’ system. At the same instant, he blurted out his frustration.
“Bollocks, now I get it. Explorer is just a cargo vessel, bringing state-of-the-art excavation gear. These machines look like they can easily cross the canyon and get back without travelling huge distances. They’ve got us screwed. Why didn’t Wes bloody Harris come up with this kind of creativity? Get him on the com, do it now, and don’t take any crap like he’s in a meeting.”
He hadn’t addressed anyone in particular, and left the room with everyone looking at one another.

*

By contrast, Russian mission control was a scene of unbridled joy. A calculated risk had come good. The payoff for this was in the filtered information released from the Alexandrian stones. Largely, the press had been impressed with the open style of dissemination. However, a few selected items had been ‘eyes only’. Many coordinates on Mars had been freely shared, but two were not. The WSA would become aware that the ultimate prize was on the side of the canyon which the Russians would surely protect. 
The prospect of finding natural crossing points within a day’s drive was extremely remote. The ball was now firmly in Wes Harris’ court. Gail suddenly realised she had been unknowingly fed fake information from engineering in their reference to the ‘engine’. She figured it had to be the spacecraft itself. How could she have known anything about these hover-diggers? In fact she had been correct in one way, as Origins had accelerated dramatically after achieving the halfway point. And it was achieved with a supplementary electromagnetic drive. But, it had also led Gabriel to believe that was the sole risk he was facing – an even earlier confrontation with their neighbours. But now, these secret hover-diggers would certainly put the Russians on the front foot. Gabriel was faced with a difficult choice. Be a loyal captain, expected to go down with the ship, or find an olive branch with which he could approach the newcomers.
 Earth was far away, whereas the canyon didn’t have to become a chasm in terms of cooperation. This new situation was clearly an opportunity for all of humanity to log on to www.ancestry.cosmos.com, rather than squabble over who could be first to answer the most fundamental question mankind had ever posed to itself. Mutiny was coursing through his veins, and it felt good. Still there was the small matter of his wife. He needed to sleep on it. 

*

Garth searched for James but gave up after checking the usual places. He’d been restored to his jovial self when the pictures of the Russian hover-diggers had gone viral. Typically pulling the legs of his fellow astronauts-in-waiting that he’d known nothing about these machines.
“Top secret, guys. We all have to respect that. So, what are you moaning about? They are obviously designed to save our lives when we get there.”
This was met with some scepticism just as the senior training officer called to him. The two of them retreated to an empty office. “Mr Docherty, I have the responsibility of telling you that you will not be going to Mars.”
“What? This is bullshit, I need to speak with the mission controller.”
“It was her that sent me. It is because of a medical problem. We noted that you were having difficulty with the physical sessions recently and from the blood tests we found an infection. You must be kept away from the rest of the trainees. It is not a threat to your life but it is a severe inflammation of your kidneys. You can be rescheduled to take a later journey to Mars.”
“No thank you, pal. I paid for this to happen. I’ll speak with the organ grinder, not the monkeys.”
“As you wish, but it will fail. The next mission has been brought forward because of the success of Origins. You cannot get well in time. Sorry.”
“That may be the case, but our group hasn’t finished all of the training modules.”
“Mr Docherty, those modules were designed for between six and nine months in space, and that was over-specified. Origins made the journey in under three months and all the biomedical data of the astronauts are good. As you well know, the next vessel, Gagarin has even superior propulsion capability and is expected to take only two and a half months. Most of the training sessions were back-loaded with intensive physical and psychological aspects. The technical protocols were already covered. Gagarin leaves in two weeks and it would be a serious risk for you to be part of the crew. Also, you should get used to the diminishing influence you have here. Your system is valuable to us, but I am sure we would survive without it. Please report to the medical bay or I will have to remove you from the complex altogether.”
Garth wasn’t used to such authoritarian edicts coming in his direction. He called James.
“Apparently, I’ve got a bug of some kind and I’ve been kicked off the team. How long have you known the mission has been brought forward?”
“Since this morning, and before you kick off, I was told I couldn’t share this with any other astronauts. I thought it was part of the psych tests, but the smile was wiped off my face when the penalty for disclosing this would be exclusion from the crew. So, I just went along with it. Ten minutes ago, I was wheeled into a meeting and introduced to the others who made the cut. I wasn’t told you were out so I couldn’t ask why.”
“Thanks, mate. After all the times I’ve pulled you out of the shit, and you couldn’t trust me to keep my mouth shut. It doesn’t stop here, believe me.”
“If you have got an infection, it’s just bad luck, and surely you can’t expect them to take the risk of it spreading to the rest of us?”
“Look, James, I feel fine, this is just a scam. I’m not going to the medical bay.”
“Fuck you, Garth, it’s all about you isn’t it?”
“I’ll see you on Mars at some time, pal, don’t push your luck.”
Garth threw his phone at the wall and walked towards the locker room. He was apprehended and sedated before being confined in an isolation ward.
Chapter 37

Gabriel Moreau hadn’t left the observation room for over thirty-six hours. There was a lot of activity on the other side of the canyon, but not what he’d expected. The hover-diggers were hopping about like flies on fresh manure. At first he thought these were practice manoeuvres, but as they began to sink below his line of sight he determined that they were excavating a site. 
‘So, they think there’s something of interest very close to their habitat’, he mused, ‘surely that could cause fractures which could cause a landslide, taking them all into the canyon’.
He had to find a way to communicate with them. Taking their rovers to the corresponding edge opposite the Russian landing site seemed to be the best way to get their attention. It could also be interpreted as aggression. He took the risk rather than ask Wes Harris to contact Siberia for a discussion about some bullshit such as ‘how to maybe think about possibly offering some claim of sovereignty, as they were the first to land on one side of the canyon, which would have been on the same side if the split hadn’t occurred where and when it did’. That was how he now saw his narrowing umbilical with the WSA, no more than a clearing house for maintaining the status quo.
He took three rovers to within one kilometre of the edge and halted. The activity on the other side stopped. As the dust began to settle following the hiatus, a new cloud approached from the base of a gently sloping ridge, somewhere in the region of four to five kilometres from the Russian habitat. It was moving at a hell of a velocity and arrived within ninety seconds. It parked up and a suited figure stepped out, setting off towards the closest point opposite Moreau’s team. He was joined by another three ‘bodyguards’ who were carrying what looked like weapons.

*

James boarded Gagarin without bidding his friend farewell. Garth would likely follow aboard Galileo. However, James didn’t want to leave with discord still hanging in the air, but Garth was still considered to be contagious and it was what it was – the countdown to launch was upon him. 
Gagarin, despite being a step up in design hadn’t fired public fascination with the same fascination as Origins had. Nevertheless, it all went to plan, and the mission control personnel entered a semi-relaxation phase for the present, unlike their WSA counterparts. Wes Harris was becoming perceived as a one-trick-pony because of his refusal to accept constructive criticism. Without knowing what kind of cargo Gagarin was carrying, he was faced with calls to abandon his strategy of making super robots only able to reach Mars in a period during which at least three Russian vessels could arrive on the red planet. His fiercest critics espoused the view that this wasn’t the worst case scenario, posing the possibility that their rivals could move to concurrent missions in the near term. It was inevitable that a witch hunt would ensue in some way because Wes had been blighted by a recommendation from former C.E. Fullerton-Weiss. A man who had himself been discredited. Wes finally conceded that there was only one realistic way out of this bind in the time left available to him. Everyone else seemed to think the Russians had cleverly kept their light under a bushel, and now their lead was too great to be bridged in the short term or foreseeable future.

*

Gabriel Moreau had given the situation a hell of a lot of thought prior to arriving at the canyon edge. He’d narrowed the options down to two after conceding that conflict would mean death for his own colonists. The expected route would have been for both commanders, himself and the Russian equivalent, to have requested their respective mission controllers to speak to one another. The objective being to broker some kind of dialogue before any precipitous actions spiralled to a point of no return. The second was to make direct contact. The problem however, was how to achieve that from across the mile-wide canyon in a thin atmosphere while wearing spacesuits. He waved a flag, not the WSA or American flag, but one of pure white parachute silk. At first, the Russians interpreted this as surrender but just stood their ground. The waving continued for several minutes and then the Russians realised there was a pattern to it. One of the senior officers of the Russian delegation approached the commander and pressed the com device activation on his left forearm.
“Sir, I believe they are trying to tell us something, they aren’t asking to surrender; they want to communicate by semaphore.”
“Aha,” said the commander, asking in reply, “do we have a flag?”
“Only our national flag, but it is the waving pattern which speaks, not the flag itself.”
“Send someone for the flag immediately.”
“Yes, sir. I know only a small number of phrases in semaphore but they are in our language. Our medical comrade speaks better English than me, so it would be best to have him here to make sure there is no misunderstanding. The patterns mean the same in both languages, like Morse code, but we need him so that we do not lose meaning because of bad translation.”
“Very good. Arrange it now. While you are away we will lay our weapons down.”
This gesture had the desired effect. Gabriel asked his flag waver to do the same. A protracted period of inactivity turned to an awkward choice of what to do next. The Russian deputy commander showed his frustration at his own people, constantly shouting into his com to express his dissatisfaction. Moments later a vehicle carrying two people betrayed its approach with swirling dust stream. Gabriel figured this must be the decision maker and told his semaphore man to wave the word ‘welcome’ repeatedly. When the Russians finally got themselves organised, they replied. ‘Thank you’.
The nervous log-jam had been freed up and a cryptic conversation began.
Moreau: Can we meet?
Ivanov: How?
Moreau: You can come here.  
Ivanov: Why? 
Moreau: To cooperate.  
Ivanov: For what purpose?
Moreau: To tell you of the danger.
Ivanov: We will come.
Moreau: When?
Ivanov: Tomorrow.
Moreau: Thank you.

Both groups backed away from the edges of the canyon, neither being in a hurry. It appeared that a trust threshold had yet to be established.
When the Martian dawn broke, Gabriel and his people were already in observation mode. There appeared to have been be no activity from the Russians, but then a massive dust cloud rose and rapidly expanded in diameter. Suddenly there was an explanation. A single hover digger emerged upwards from the dispersing cloud. It was already a lot higher than the test runs they’d seen just after landing. It circled a couple of times before turning towards the canyon. Apprehension and anticipation flowed through both camps. In a power surge which couldn’t be heard, the ugly bird demonstrated its potential with a swift crossing of the chasm of oblivion and landed a conservatively chosen distance from the WSA colony. A gesture of potential friendship, but as yet merely a partly thawed lack of trust. They stepped out and waited for Gabriel and his welcoming party to arrive. Ivanov and his accompanying entourage of two stood like sculptures rather than living beings. Gabriel alighted from the rover and headed for his guests on his own. The two parties had the foresight to prepare written notes which could be shown to each other until the Russians decided if they would accept an invitation to the WSA habitat. The first exchange was handed to Ivanov.
‘Will you come to our home? There we can talk’.
Ivanov waited for his interpreter to confirm the offer, and then gave his response through the same man’s notes.
‘I will. My pilot will stay with the machine’.
This was perfectly acceptable to Gabriel and they proceeded to the parked rover. Nothing was said until they were through the airlock and their helmets were removed. Gabriel was quick to offer a handshake and it was returned with the same vigour.
Having passed through the airlock and taken a seat at the round table, Ivanov spoke through his interpreter. 
“What is the danger?”
Gabriel had planned to offer coffee, which was already rationed for his own people, as a gesture of bridge building.
“The danger. Yes, we didn’t know about it until we’d been here for several weeks. We all knew about the famous Martian sand storms, and I’ll come back to that in a moment. What we hadn’t realised was just how much variation there was in the underlying rock. Some of it is harmless but there are several types which are extremely hard. The sand storms act as an abrasive to these base minerals, and over millennia sharpen them to very fine points and blades. Eventually, these tiny needles and blades in considerable quantities become a serious problem in several ways. The outer airlock door became pitted and scarred within weeks and meant we were losing pressure over time. If we hadn’t discovered this and asked for replacement thresh parts from Earth, we would have eventually perished. So, every day we have a suction system operating to collect these particles and keep the door well lubricated.
“Now, back to the sand storms. Some are relatively mild, but those with higher velocity and sudden gusts are lethal. We have already lost two colonists to this terrible phenomenon. We always have the roof of the rovers closed, because the storms can come out of nowhere. Some are even strong enough to turn the vehicles into a wandering beach ball. Being in a rover when this happens can be fatal. These micro abrasive minerals are whipped up as part of the dust and have no difficulty in puncturing Kevlar suits. Rolling in a rover, being outside a rover, or just standing too far from a temporary sanctuary when the storms arrive with little warning, means death. We’ve built a few strongly anchored shelters to minimise the risk of being caught off-guard by an approaching storm, but this was at the cost of making very slow progress in exploration. You are welcome to use them.”
The interpreter explained this to Ivanov, who digested the import of it. He instantly realised that only by living here for some time could a colony have discovered these threats. He pondered why Gabriel had openly offered to help him avoid the same difficulty. His stoic expression belied what he was about to say. The interpreter asked him to repeat it before saying the words in English.
“We are grateful for your help. We would like to give you something in exchange for your advice. But we must have authorisation from our mission control. Please allow us one day to do this. We acknowledge that you will have to do the same.”
Gabriel thanked them both profusely and then shook his head. “Our mission control is in turmoil. I could be accused of treason just for saying this to you. But, if I was to simply say nothing to you, to avoid such accusation, all of our colonists could die. Such problems have already killed twelve of our compatriots. I cannot just ignore that. If we can work together there is a small chance my mission control people could see the error of their ways. We are the true pioneers, they are but politicians, and they have to decide whether or not to contact your people. However, my decision is made, I will work with you if that is what you want.”
There was a glint of appreciation in Ivanov’s eyes. Gabriel wished him luck and merely said, “Until tomorrow then.”
The Russians left and inspected the airlock thresh on the way. Their hover-digger zig-zagged around the WSA exploration sites to confirm the existence of the temporary sanctuaries Gabriel had mentioned. As they disappeared over the canyon once more, there was a feeling of optimism in the WSA colony for the first time in months.

*

Gagarin was making spectacular progress, and in what was considered a largely uneventful journey, James had witnessed his first distant ion storm. He’d bonded well with the other members of the crew, mostly Russian, with a sprinkling of English speaking oriental nationals.
Chapter 38

Ivanov had received cautious approval from Moscow. He sent a request via semaphore to meet again. Gabriel agreed to play the host again and this time the hover-digger landed close to the WSA habitat. Ivanov was keen to get down to details. This time in English. He had a loose grasp of the language and wanted to improve.
“My people say it is ok for you to know something important. It is a test of your truth.”
“I’m glad to hear that, may I refer to you as Commander Ivanov?”
“I like Ivanov alone much better.”
“Fine, so I can do the same, please call me Moreau.”
A nod and a contrived smile set the scene.
“You are exploring in a wrong place.”
“How do you know that, Ivanov?” enquired Gabriel, feeling his guard had maybe been lowered too easily, “We have reliable coordinates from both Oslo and the U.S.”
Ivanov seemed to be rehearsing his response as his lips moved and his eyes scanned the ceiling. “Yes, how to say this? The American I.T. system is belonging to the same man as ours in Siberia, but it burned to ground.”
“I knew about the fire, but I didn’t realise you had leased the same system.”
Another mental practice ensued before the reply was articulated. “It is true. Also, there is one of the crew in our coming vessel, Gagarin, who works for your people with the burning system before going to Siberia.”
“Ah, yes, my wife mentioned something about that,” replied Gabriel, desperately trying to recall Gail telling him about the entire system operational staff moving back to Europe or Russia, “but I knew nothing about one of these people becoming an astronaut. I do vaguely remember my wife saying one of her team wanted to enrol for future Mars training. What’s his name?”
“That I do not hear,” stated Ivanov, in a matter of fact way, “but he will arrive soon, and I have been agreed to say something about him. Can I begin?”
“Of course.”
“The system in Siberia is a newer…?”
“Version?” offered Gabriel.
“Yes, version. Different from the Oslo one and the burned one. It has information in it which was not in the others. Information about the important places to dig here. Do I say this correct?”
“Indeed, but I’m still confused.”
“I can understand, and also there is explanation from the stones found in Africa.”
“Oh yes, now I get it, my wife switched from running the early version of the I.T. system to become an astronaut so she could come here. She wasn’t told about what new information came from the African stones. I just assumed it was the same as the others.”
Ivanov’s hand gestures became more animated. “The first stones found at Oslo tell about coordinates on Mars which are, what is the right word? Lower?”
“Deeper,” suggested Gabriel, “further underground?”
“Not deeper, lower of importance. They are not having many things to tell about the alien story. All sites of great importance are on our side of this split in the surface. We know from the African stones.”
“Shit,” shouted Gabriel, directing his angst at Fullerton-Weiss, “I’m sorry, I wasn’t told about this.”
“I know, but you do know now. I am authorised to bring you to our side and show you what we can find there. Also, this man who is arriving has a great knowledge about the I.T. system we have in Siberia and will be taken to Mars in the future.”
“You have the thanks of all my people, Ivanov. When can we do this?”
“You can come back with me now, and we go to the first site tomorrow.”

*

James was mulling over how the rest of his life was going to pan out. With every hour that passed he could see the ship’s display reporting an ever increasing distance from everything in his previous life. Looming large over all else was an image of Hanna. He was almost overcome with regret that she’d never fulfilled her dream of having a child. Because that desire had been so cruelly extinguished, he felt a compulsion to ask questions of what the purpose of life really was. His concentration was interrupted by being told that the commander wanted to speak with him. He acknowledged the order, and on his way through the vessel he quickly re-focussed, determined that he had no choice but to go back to Oslo at some time. Regardless of what he found on Mars.
“Come in, Sullivan.” Valentin Smirnov was known as a fierce disciplinarian with little sympathy for those who knowingly crossed the lines. “I have been informed that you are quite well informed about the information obtained from the stones in Alexandria. More importantly, mission control wants you to speak directly with comrade Ivanov when we get to Mars.”
“Well, I…”
“I am not finished speaking. You will comply with this instruction but will also remember that your selection for this mission was to an extent ‘made easy’. I was not happy with this but I accepted the order. You will do well to make sure you do not allow your duties under my command to be compromised. Understood?”
“Absolutely.”
“Dismissed.”

*

Gabriel was introduced to the rest of the Russian crew and whisked away to the briefing room. A large map of Mars taken from orbit appeared on one of the walls. Gabriel saw two red dots fairly close to one another.
Ivanov pointed to one of them. “I am told to investigate this one first. People who translated the African stone information said it has a door to the second one. There is not another way in except going through the first door. Do I say this correct?”
“It makes sense to me,” agreed Gabriel, “but aren’t these the coordinates of a risen plateau?”
“I am not able to understand plateau, is it a tower?”
Gabriel was given to smile as he replied. “Not quite, it’s like a mountain with the top sliced off, leaving a flat area.”
“Oh yes, that was what I wanted to say. And you are correct, it is such a place. We also made pictures from a thermal err… a…”
“Thermal imaging device?”
It was Ivanov’s turn to smile. “Your language is difficult for me but I will learn. Here is where we have the best of the pictures.”
Gabriel’s eyes widened as he could make out the shape of two buildings. It all fell into place – the mound which covered them was not a natural feature of the landscape.
“Wow. I can’t wait to see how your machines remove the earth to expose the buildings. How will you decide where to begin removing this covering?”
“The machines are programmed to scan and offer the best choice. We will see what happens from a safe distance.”
A wave of frustration rippled over Gabriel’s face, which he managed to curtail quickly. Things could have been so different.

*

From their vantage point in a rover, Gabriel and Ivanov drifted into a mesmerising silence. Three hover-diggers lined up at the base of the mound. Facing the target head-on the first one scooped up a cubic metre of Mars, turned and engaged the hover function, flew to a deep hollow, and dumped its load. The others followed suit and in less than twenty minutes there was a channel two metres across, in which the ever-increasing front face was already the same height as it was wide. Phase one was completed and the onlookers each drew a slow breath. A reinforcing brace was required to prevent the sides from collapse. Another two hover-diggers arrived with purpose built locking steel panels from the cargo module. A very rough estimate of the distance they needed to excavate had been calculated back at mission control. If this was anywhere near correct they would see the first building within eight metres. If this proved to be wrong they’d need more steel which would arrive with Gagarin.
Seven metres in they had a wobble, one of the side walls began to crumble and had to be re-braced quickly. They made it by the skin of their teeth courtesy of the skill of one particular hover-digger pilot. Part of the door appeared as the same pilot beckoned Ivanov to inspect the exposed face. A six inch wide crack enabled them to see a chunk of a gleaming white façade.
Brute force would now have to give way to archaeological tenderness in order to avoid losing precious artefacts or information. At this point, Gabriel asked Ivanov if his own science people could attend such a potentially momentous discovery.
“This kind of event was what drove all of us to risk our lives to be here in the first place.”
Ivanov briefly thought about saying he’d have to check with Siberia. The empathy in his eyes meant more than the actual words to Gabriel Moreau.
“We do not need all of the hover-diggers for the rest of this task. I will ask one of our pilots to take you back for your friends.”

*

What was uncovered wasn’t showing any signs of fitting preconceived images of a modern building erected by a highly intelligent species. Paring away the surrounding debris revealed a plain cube, roughly fourteen metres to each side. At the front was the outline of a large aperture, and at the back what appeared to be a tube, one of considerable diameter, at least four metres. There were no other features to debate, yet tests had shown the white exterior to be an alloy of metallic and organic fusion. They were currently debating as to how they could open the front face without causing serious damage, or the inability to lock it again. Ivanov called for expertise back in Siberia as well as inviting Gabriel’s scientists to consider the problem. In the meantime, careful removal of more debris around the tube continued. It followed a straight line for another seventeen metres without any perceptible joins, then a hiatus was declared - it was time to debate the locked front face again.

*

Even after everyone had been given a chance to make suggestions, a distinct whiff of stalemate hung in the Russian habitat. As the participants were preparing to leave, one remained seated. “It is probably not the answer, but I remember one of the experts in Siberia saying the explanation of the cube images on the stones would be very simple. This is a cube. Perhaps we could try to find a clue by exposing it to a different light. Infrared maybe?”
They all sat down again. Ivanov uttered only one word.
“Well?”
A groundswell of unanimity flushed through the room.
The young female scientist was given the honour of using the instrument to scan the extensive surface area. On an imaginary line vertically bisecting the front of the cube, she slowly moved the scanner upwards. Hope was curdling to disappointment when she reached a point some three quarters of a metre above the outline of what they had judged to be a door. Despite the growing facial expressions of joy when a panel was exposed, the accompanying sounds were virtually muted by the protective suits everyone was wearing. The panel itself was divided into six smaller ones, each displaying an image which had been on the Alexandrian cube. It was now a matter of finding a sequence of activation. As they’d already determined that a weak radioactive signal had been registered, extreme caution was necessary. It could wait for reaction from Siberia.

*

Ivanov relayed the breakthrough to Moscow, and Commander Smirnov was copied into the message. Smirnov reflected over his previous conversation with James Sullivan and decided that it was prudent to review how this might affect the status of the primary objectives of his vessel.
“I have an update from Commander Ivanov. They have exposed a cube with exactly the same images as one of the stones found in Africa. I understand you had a theory about what the images were trying to say.”
“I did, sir, but it was wrong. At least I think it was. My imagination overtook reasonable logical thought. I believe the experts in Siberia were right - the interpretation should be embedded in very simple logic.”
“Why?”
“I’d lost sight of the fact that these aliens were leaving a trail for any sentient species which may discover it. Four hundred million years ago there weren’t any such species on Earth, at least as far as we know.”
“Very good. I will keep you informed. Until then you could think about this again. It will help the time to pass when you have no other duties.”
Chapter 39

The cumulative effect of sponsors withdrawing support, negative public opinion, and not least of all, the decision of Gabriel Moreau to reach out a hand of friendship to their rivals, resulted in the WSA plummeting into a spiral of obsolescence. Wes Harris tried to make a case that he’d expressed total support for Gabriel’s actions, only for the man himself to declare this was yet another ploy to save face. Too little, too late, and too sleight of hand.
The process of picking over the carcass of such a major conglomerate became so sadly predictable. It had all but admitted defeat and announced it was prepared to listen to offers. There were no bids of any kind for such a crumbling colossus which had itself engineered public disaffection. Individual chunks were hived off to obscenely low acquisition bids, leaving the remnant overhead structure with nothing of substance to offer. The only surprise was how quickly it all happened, and the level of anger it generated around the planet. It had been heralded as an essentially global venture which was merely located in the U.S. Something which would become subject to further scrutiny.
Gail Strathmore had been smart enough to anticipate the WSA’s disintegration. Open contact with her husband was no longer the problem. She now felt she had become one of very few items left in the WSA assets column, not so much in face monetary value, but in experience with all aspects of the Martian project. A casual word to Gabriel some time ago had helped to trigger his olive branch to the Russians. She’d convinced him the WSA was going down, and the only way they’d be reunited was if she could now be signed up by the Russians. A free transfer shouldn’t be much of a risk for them. Now was the time to find out.

*

The consensus regarding entry into the white cube was that it had to be nothing short of a thorough methodical adherence to established protocols. Simplicity first, followed by linked logic debate. And if that failed, and only then, should they consider engaging in speculative interpretation. This was possibly the most important archaeological project of all time, and even minor errors of judgement could be disastrous. 
The first simplistic analyses delivered no success, and it looked like the same for the second. However when the first chosen individual image was entered into the panel above the door outline, the giant crustacean, followed by its opposite image of the spider in conflict with an ant, there was no default to lockout. This was as far as they’d got with previous input sequence. Then the Japanese Spider Crab was cautiously pressed, still no lockout. Tension began to oust frustration, and when its opposing image, the related species not found on Earth also prevented any default, cautious optimism flowed through the gathering. Finally, the choice was a single arachnid opposite an ant colony. Even if they got it wrong first time, it didn’t seem to matter, they would surely have the sequence. It turned out to be the arachnid first. 
There was an ear-bursting crack which vibrated through their suits and dropped everyone to their knees. Aeons of stillness had obviously caused some welding of previously lubricated surfaces. The sudden force applied to the mechanism had generated an instant of dense sound waves which hit everything and everyone surrounding the source.
The hubbub died down slowly. Ivanov literally leapt forward to prevent anyone from entering. “Patience please. We must first do safety checks, beginning with Geiger counters.”
A comprehensive sweep of the interior recorded a very slight kick up in radioactivity, but the room itself was bare. An antechamber of sorts. The infrared scanner revealed another panel next to a position which corresponded to the tube on the other side. This panel was thankfully even simpler than the first. Giant crustacean, Japanese Spider Crab, and then lone arachnid. The tube hatch opened with a less spectacular rumble and offered an invitation to follow the shiny white road. There was a lengthy pause for thought, but curiosity ultimately prevailed. Automatic lighting preceded the walkers for around quarter of a mile, where there was a sea-change in scale. A gigantic spherical cavity housed a museum of staggering proportion. Bewilderment clashed with foreboding, yet nobody retreated. Most of the exhibits were mounted on resting places with hieroglyphs and script. But there was also a number of empty mounts, with no exhibit to match the descriptive text. This chamber was going to take months to catalogue, let alone decipher the information on each plaque. What looked like an altar at the far end of the colossal space was proclaimed to be lead shielding, and demonstrated another small increase in radioactivity, plus the tell-tale glowing red light. 
“Back to the entrance, everybody,” barked Ivanov, “we must send all information and pictures back to Siberia before we touch anything. We can return with more analytical equipment when we have their response.”

*

The quorum was split. There were those who wanted to remain on Mars to fulfil their original ambitions. But there were others who weren’t comfortable with their Russian neighbours, and demanded a return to Earth. Gabriel was duty bound to contact what was left of the fragmented WSA, Wes Harris in particular. However, events had overtaken this plea for help. The Russian equivalents in both Siberia and Moscow had taken up the gauntlet. At the very highest level there was authorisation to offer accommodation to any non-Russian personnel who wanted to stay, and bring home those who wanted to return. Gabriel warmly appreciated this gesture even though it could ultimately mean abandonment of the existing WSA colony; he switched his immediate attention to Gail, and requested Ivanov to intervene.
“I know it’s a big favour I ask, but if my wife cannot come here then I must reluctantly go back.”
The rapport between the two commanders had grown through mutual respect and the Russian agreed to pass on the request.
“I know someone who will have influence. I cannot promise any success but I will try this person.”
“Thank you. If it’s not possible for her to come here with one of your vessels, I would appreciate knowing that as soon as possible. I hope you can understand that I would then have to nominate someone to fill my position.”
“I knew that, my friend.”
“There is something which could help. My wife has been in astronaut training and although she would know nothing of your vessel protocols, she has passed all physical and psychology tests. Perhaps more importantly, she worked with the same I.T. system as you do. She also told me that one of her former subordinates is on the Gagarin, which will be here soon. She could be a real asset in achieving your objectives. Sorry, Ivanov, I’m rambling on too much, I should concentrate on appointing my successor.”
Ivanov put his hand on Gabriel’s shoulder. “Let us hope it does not need to happen.”
Just as Gabriel left, Ivanov was handed a transcript by a junior officer. It was brief but emphatic. ‘Siberia has assessed the data you sent. Do not enter the alien museum again except to determine if it has a controlled vacuum when its entry point is closed. Never leave that entry point open when the antechamber door is also open. Wait for more instructions’.

*

Garth’s infection had receded and he was out of quarantine. He’d kept up to date with as much as he could from his sick bed. The fall of the WSA wasn’t a total surprise, but the rate at which the vultures stripped it to the bones annoyed him. Had he not been under medical lock and key, there was surely an opportunity missed. There was worse news. He’d been called to the inner sanctum in Siberia. Garth didn’t take any kind of ultimatum with good grace, even though he’d dished quite a few out during his ascendency to the political elite. The gist of the lecture he had to endure was that unless he signed up for a supervised healthy diet regimen, the chances of ever graduating as an astronaut were minimal. The first collateral step in aiding such a change was a ramp up in aerobic activity. The second was more insulting than arduous, nevertheless he realised he’d be excluded if he didn’t comply. He was required to attend additional psychology sessions in his free time. He considered quitting, talked himself out of that, raked his cerebral library for a counter-ultimatum. The only high card he had left was to revoke the licence for his Mark Two I.T. system. What would that achieve? He steeled himself in anticipation of never getting to Mars. That was unthinkable now that such a big story had barely revealed its prologue. James was his only ally, or used to be. He had to repair the damage caused by the spat they had just prior to the launch of Gagarin.

*

The analytical results of the inner atmosphere were interesting. With the antechamber door closed the readings were the same whether or not the museum door was open. It was almost a perfect vacuum. Almost but not quite. There was a fractional presence of inert gas. Noble gaseous elements were characterised as having no point at which they change to a solid state. In other words they could not be frozen by decreasing temperature. Curiously, one of the most important chemical properties of the noble gases is their lack of reactivity. Helium, neon, and argon do not combine with any other elements to form compounds. Argon was identified as the minor constituent of the museum atmosphere, if indeed it could be referred to as such.
According to the Siberian science fraternity, this was to be expected if the contents of the museum were to endure for extremely long periods of time. It was later discovered that there was an automatic purging of the tube way between the antechamber and the museum upon closure of the door of the former. 
The foray into the descriptive text of the exhibits could now be stepped up. However, it was to be conducted without touching anything. Exhalation of carbon dioxide from suits was an even greater concern, so the task was to be achieved only by enlarging photographs. The message stated that the museum and antechamber were to be vacated and locked. Siberia would draft in extra bodies to build on what data they had already deciphered, but as yet not shared with Ivanov and his crew.

*

When Garth caught wind of this temporary embargo on Martian residents taking centre stage in the unfurling of why the alien museum existed, his mood became more upbeat. Siberia not only needed bodies to chronicle the decoded text, they would need more expertise with handling the Mark Two system output, and crucially control of the order of input. Such a distraction would make his failing astronaut burden more bearable. He majored on how close the Oslo system came to the same burnout fate as the one at the WSA. The repetitive drumbeat of this was complemented with a message to the Russian hierarchy in written form rather than as a verbal rant. 
‘The WSA I.T. tragedy was caused by poor management of the sequencing of data addition. We had to close down Oslo until we had figured out what caused the impasse.’
This was a lie, nurtured and grown from truth, to be presented with only one conclusion, ‘a lack of direct experience can facilitate disaster’. The potential culpability of melting down such an expensive investment after having been advised of the nascent risk (the Russian hierarchy), could be employed as a very potent advocate for them to let someone else take the rap. Someone who had the balls to say ‘niet’ to pressure from the very top. Someone who wasn’t actually employed by the Russians, and had the power to withdraw a leased asset – in other words only Garth Docherty himself. The ripples widened until Moscow completed their phase of procrastination over having to make such a decision. Garth was duly recognised as the only person with the legal power of voluntarily relinquishing any pledge which Siberia had signed up to. Particularly as they had failed to fully insure the said leased asset. The outcome Garth had in mind wasn’t free from risk. He would not be at the front line, but he would now be in a position to control the rate at which data input was authorised. Furthermore, the granting of the lease had been dependent upon all conclusions derived from data provided by the stones or related artefacts being verified or challenged by the system itself. 
Now he needed to bury the hatchet with James as soon as his friend arrived on Mars, because there would be a phase in which new data from other sites would become available. The Mark Two system’s reputation had to be enhanced, not only by edict from the top but by its ability to change the minds of experts. Not by interference, but by absolute adherence to logic, and at the same time ruthlessly separating it from hypothesis or theory.
He pondered over the best way to apologise and regain James’ trust. He concluded that as he’d now sculptured a means to withdraw responsibility for data input clearance from the Siberian experts, and there was no direct system link the two colonies on Mars, the prior experience of James Sullivan would become invaluable. Who else could fill such a gap? It only remained to figure out the best route for this claim to come from a neutral source rather than Garth himself.

Chapter 40

Gail had been contacted by her husband. When she thought more about any recommendation she might receive from Ivanov, she was buoyed that a new door might be open to her. Her train of thought then took a side road to a parallel opportunity. Tracking down Garth was littered with frustration and unfulfilled promises that he would call back. But it came at last.
“Hello, am I speaking to Gail Strathmore?”
“That’s me, who are you?
“It’s Garth Docherty, the owner and developer of the I.T. system which burned out in the WSA. You wanted to speak to me.”
“Oh, yes, thank you for returning my call. It’s simple to say but tricky to make happen. I still want to go to Mars.”
“Don’t we all? What is it you think I can do? I don’t have any say in crew selection.”
“Unless I’ve been misinformed you have none of your system hardware delivered and installed on Mars yet.”
“That’s correct.”
“Well, your system man, Sullivan – he reported to me when it was installed in the U.S. and he’s on board the next Russian vessel heading to Mars  We worked well together. That could be a significant advantage as he is about to make landfall there pretty soon.”
There was a pause. “In what way would your prior relationship with Sullivan be perceived as an advantage by the Russians?”
“Presumably you could remain as the go to person in Siberia, Sullivan and myself can ensure there is no deviation from your instructions regarding input, analysis and all recommendations from the system. You need to have people you can trust. One is not enough. People fall sick, they also need someone to confront if they become uncertain as to whether their advice is flawed.”
“Perhaps. Actually, it’s quite possible that I may not be chosen for the next vessel to be launched - Galileo. Let me think about this. I’ll call you back tomorrow.”
Garth seemed to remember that Gail Strathmore had only executive responsibility for the Mark One system in the WSA, not a hands-on role. However, the Russians didn’t know that, and that could actually prove useful. Especially since his provocative comments regarding self-serving experts being the cause of the Mark One meltdown. And this accusation had been shared with Moscow some time ago. Revisiting this could ensure another invite to go there and explain himself more fully.

*

As he steeled himself to appear before what was known as ‘The Bureau’, he mentally rehearsed how he would deliver revoking the lease of the Mark Two system if it came to that. If he failed in a legal sense, the only alternative would be to cause a second meltdown himself.
He took several documents from his briefcase and laid them out so that he could see the relevant material without having to thumb through them clumsily to answer any awkward questions. He went on the attack from the first syllable.
“I am very sad, or should I say, annoyed to have missed out on travelling with Gagarin. It’s where I should have been right now, but for a freak infection. However, I’m here today for a different reason. The latest information I have on what has been discovered inside the alien museum on Mars worries me. Perhaps it would be useful for me to be trusted with an explanation of why every step of examination, decoding, input of data, and subsequent alteration of priorities is to be controlled by experts in Siberia. Previous experience tells me that the sequence is flawed. I’m not prepared to witness an impasse in the Mark Two system I leased to you. I refer you to clause 17 in section four of the arrangement. Please study this carefully before I proceed.”
Garth sat down, took out his phone and pretended to be sending a message. After some eight minutes or so, there was a huddle, lots of whispering in Russian, and then a pronouncement in English by the austere-looking bald headed man at the head of the table.
“This will be explained by Shevchenko immediately.”
With a healthy flavour of bombast and holier than thou attitude, the immaculately groomed Shevchenko lectured Garth about the preservation of the alien artefacts, concluding with a put down, intended to be checkmate – discussion over.
Garth was not invited to respond, and it provoked astonishment when he rose to his feet again to do exactly that.
“You have completely missed the point and I can’t say I’m too surprised. I have no issue with protecting the artefacts in themselves. As you say, comrade Shevchenko, they must be preserved for eternity, or at least for generations to come. My concerns are purely related to how the interpretive material is derived and then enters the world of theory and hypothesis. I think you will accept that the Siberian experts cannot physically handle or examine these objects with their own eyes. They must rely upon the colonists for this task and then receive relayed photos and content thereafter. I am asking that these same colonists are involved in discussions emanating from those examinations. Surely you don’t want a repeat of what happened in the U.S. where muddled thinking, communication, and action caused an impasse which resulted in destruction of the very system you pleaded with me to lease you. I’m afraid I have to insist that personnel on Mars and myself are included in any instruction to action input and indeed the sequence of it. I have to have some recourse to veto these off the cuff hunches which experts are unfortunately prone to gamble with. If this cannot be agreed I will instruct my legal people to invoke a challenge relating to such a breach. Also, can I add that I am prepared to withdraw from my lifetime ambition to be an astronaut because of the seriousness of this issue? You may wish to consider that, James Sullivan, who is aboard Gagarin, is an expert in assessing operational risks to the Mark Two system. And, did you know that the commander of the WSA colony is married to Sullivan’s former boss. She was scheduled to leave for Mars on the next WSA launch. Now that she won’t make that trip, Commander Gabriel Moreau will accept your offer to become among the first Americans to return with Gagarin. Considering the experience he has already passed on to comrade Ivanov, it would seem to be a great pity to miss out their strong relationship in the future. Finally, having two heads that I trust on Mars rather than one, would ease my anxiety and willingness to avoid a legal war with you. That would help neither party. James Sullivan and Gail Strathmore are valuable resources and their expertise should not be wasted.”
There was a tangible ‘first to blink’ current circulating around the palatial chamber, and suddenly a woman stood up, announced herself as Olga Dimitrov. 
“I am here to represent the interest of our brave comrades who are risking their lives for this venture. I have had many conversations with Commander Ivanov and he has said every time that the help given by Gabriel Moreau and his people was so important. Not only in saving lives and damage to equipment from sources we had not even considered, but in working with people who have open minds on how to progress colonisation. I strongly support what Mr Docherty has said.”
A recess was called and Garth relaxed. He was asked to leave the chamber and return in one hour. It took only thirty-five minutes before he was recalled. The bald headed man rose from his seat at the far end of the table and motioned for the others to leave.
“Mr Docherty, we have considered what you said. We must retain any final decision responsibility based upon what our experts place before us. We are unable to undermine our people purely on the basis of what a machine recommends.”
“Ok, that’s what I call a micro compromise, which doesn’t elicit any concession from my side. If you’re prepared to have both James Sullivan and Gail Strathmore reporting to your trusted commander Ivanov, I could remain here to look after my system on your behalf.”
“But what does that achieve?”
“You’ll have your experts’ views, Ivanov’s views, and then you base your next moves from both sources. I can offer whatever my system points out, but I don’t have to input any recommendations from either of your sources if I feel it could cause an impasse. Then you can choose which way to proceed. A potential impasse in my system would leave you free to follow the advice of your people. If such decisions prove to be beneficial, you don’t need my system. Then you can decide whether it has any further purpose in your programme. The only subtlety I’d draw your attention to is that my system doesn’t need to feel it always has to be right; it doesn’t get pissed off if gets it wrong; in other words there is no ego to get in the way. If you think about it, I’m offering you a get out clause in the lease which you currently don’t have.”
The bald man’s brow furrowed for the first time.
“Put this in writing. Leave me to explain it to the rest of the Bureau. I appreciate you bringing this to my attention. I will inform Ivanov of this change having been approved.”

*

Gagarin was approaching final burn and braking adjustments to effect orbit capture. Valentin Smirnov was sulking at the change of orders from mission control. The original plan was for Ivanov to return with his vessel - Origins. Smirnov had cargo to send to the surface, important analytical and hydroponics equipment. He’d over-achieved in terms of getting his craft to Mars ahead of expectation, and yet his burning ambition of being the one remembered as discovering the ultimate secret to which the aliens were leading humans, was being denied at the last minute. He saw himself as the modern day Columbus or Vasco de Gama, not any one of fifty Europeans who all claimed to have discovered Australia. Taking a few foreigners back to Earth grated with his perceived place in history. Even this insult was apparently not to be the sole culprit of his slide to mediocrity, rumour had it that another vessel would cross paths with him on the journey back to Earth.
In sharp contrast, James was immensely relieved to be parting company with Smirnov. He was still clinging to the possibility that life on Mars would provide some sort of epiphany. Some event or discovery that would help him make sense of why the human race existed at all. He craved the feeling of purpose again, real purpose, not that which was created by mankind itself. He had never been a religious man, yet was willing to be convinced if hard evidence could be found. Delivering faith as an entry price to feeling a calling to some profound moral afterlife was too much of a stretch for him. He did however, hope he was wrong.
The countdown to stepping out on to a red, desolate wilderness which had total disregard for any living species triggered more produce from his adrenal gland.

*

In the meantime, Ivanov was able to let Gabriel know that his wife might be on her way to Mars within a few weeks. Gabriel was ecstatic, but kept this to himself as requested by his Russian friend. Those of his colonists who’d elected to stay were busy moving their stuff to the other side of the canyon with the help of the hover-diggers. There were now only three such volunteers, four had changed their minds. This increased the exodus sufficiently to mean that they couldn’t all travel back with Gagarin. They had to draw lots and Gabriel’s sixth sense told him there could be trouble. For the few destined to be left behind, the upkeep of the habitat and its life support system could be really tricky. He asked all of them to reconsider the option of crossing the canyon, but it was to no avail, even when he warned them that further influx of Russian personnel could rescind their offer of hospitality – it could become a potential death sentence. It made no difference
.
Chapter 41

Apart from intense squabbling over which ex-WSA colonists would return with Gagarin, the despatch of equipment and its crew to the surface of Mars was uneventful. James’ introduction to Gabriel and Ivanov left him a little puzzled at first. Why him? Why none of his Russian contemporaries? The explanation was purely and simply to inform him of Gail’s probable arrival in a few months. However, he did ask how that would influence his own role in the short term. Gabriel glanced at Ivanov, whose inscrutable features made the reply seem unconvincing.
“You will work together on the data sent to Siberia, which will be monitored by Mr Docherty before it is input into his I.T. system. That is all I know.”
James eyeballed Gabriel and shook his head.
“I came here to be part of the exploration project, not to remain a number cruncher. Gail can easily take care of that.”
“True,” admitted Gabriel, “but this Garth Docherty guy has convinced Moscow that two heads are better than one in a situation where the Siberian experts cannot examine artefacts directly. In fact we understand he won’t input any further data until he runs it past Gail and yourself.”
“Maybe,” retorted James, “but did you know that Garth and I had a major disagreement before I left?”
Ivanov became visibly nervous and intervened. “We can discuss this later. For now you will be just like our other colonists and that means a mix of daily duties and exploration programmes. We don’t have this I.T. hardware here, so we can work out communication issues on that when they are needed. None of us can touch artefacts we find until instructed to do so by Siberia. I am sure that will change when we know precisely what analytical tests we should perform.”
James was placated for now, primarily because analytical work had been his forte when working in Kristiansund.

*

Meanwhile, the flow of images and data from the museum to Siberia continued. It was held in a virtual buffer for Garth to consider. So far, he had allowed it to be input. The only major conclusion agreed by all back on Earth was that the plinths without exhibits were like missing fossils in the tree of life – with one important qualification. The ‘museum’ was actually more like a huge record of genetic experimentation, and the blank plinths were failed branches. Exactly what this meant was puzzling as yet, but there were still hundreds of chunks of plinth data to decipher from those with exhibits. It was such a daunting task that many of the Siberian experts felt that there had to be a random element within what they had assumed was a highly structured experiment. The Mark Two system, when asked this question, reported an eighty-nine percent probability coefficient, and asked for more data. Garth was considerably more impressed with this group of experts than either the Oslo or WSA equivalents. He agreed without hesitation.

*

As the decoded parts of the jigsaw were slowly building a picture in the minds of the experts, Garth witnessed the first demand to change priority from the Mark Two system. It was perplexing. ‘Experimental genetic programme leads to alternative strategy – more data required from original giant crustacean’.
This gave Garth his perfect opportunity to involve James. The communication was sent to Ivanov, encouraging the Russian commander to hear the latest output from the Mark Two system and have James in attendance. Designed as an icebreaker to setting up a direct link rather than total reliance on Moscow, Siberia, or the experts themselves, he majored on keeping the front line pioneers in the loop. Ivanov was also critical of only being given what someone else deemed necessary for him to know. He stated that such a chain of dissemination could lead to distrust of mission control. He agreed to the first session but would not commit himself to any further role of censorship.
When Garth disclosed the request for a change in priority Ivanov shrugged his shoulders and looked questioningly at James.
“Well, Mr Sullivan?”
“This was the forerunner to the WSA system burnout. When no new data was added, the perpetual loop became an impasse and we lost the entire system.”
“What do you advise me to do?”
“Firstly, I would expect mission control is aware of this, if not, they should be. If they are, I imagine they’ll be debating over what to do next. In the WSA, it took too long for the experts to agree on the next step. Ask Mr Docherty if mission control know he has told us about the request. Until we know the answer to that I’d do nothing.”
Ivanov agreed and sent his response to that effect, and barely five minutes later received Garth’s reaction.
‘Of course mission control knows I’m in contact with you about this. The only reason I feel this is urgent is that we must avoid the mistake we made with the Mark One system in the WSA. Mission control agrees. Our new system is asking for more concentration on all things related to the giant crustacean, because the aliens altered the purpose of the genetic experiment – we have to find more clues as to what this strategy might be’.
James digested this and advised Ivanov to comply, with the caveat that he copied mission control into every transmission of new data they were going to send to Garth. Ivanov nodded and immediately called all science personnel, both Russian and other nationalities, to a debriefing within the hour. 
The gathering was confused by James taking centre stage to explain the new direction, but Ivanov explained why.
“This change is necessary to make certain the I.T. system can help us to avoid missing important information. I am not a scientist but I can compare this with an automobile with only half a tank of fuel. If we do not know where we can get more, then we must investigate that before we use what is left. If we did not, there would be a big risk that we end up having to walk in the wrong direction many times. We have to get on with this now.”

*

The main difference between the Mark One and its new upgrade was in linguistics. Unknown ‘words’ often took up to an hour for experts to deduce their probable meaning, and check if it would fit seamlessly into some other unrelated extract. The Mark Two system could achieve this several hundred times quicker. 
When the Martian scientists confined their new input to the glyphs associated with the giant crustacean, Garth was confronted with a torrent of output. The distillate of such a blitz was seriously downbeat. These creatures, the ones unaltered from the original template of their home planet, required a considerably higher nitrogen level to survive on ancient Mars. Whereas, on Earth, the oxygen level was too high to support their metabolic functions. This was the case regardless of whether they tried to move out of the sea or not. Their original home had lakes composed of liquid nitrogen and helium. 
Further revelations included a more esoteric explanation of the various images in all of the stones. There was a definite feeling of an increasing level of intellect required to decode data in some locations compared to others. This miniature bombshell, emanating from the experimental genetic library, was seen from this new focus as additional confirmation that this alien crustacean had interfered with arthropods on Earth more than two hundred thousand years ago. The underpinning reason being because they couldn’t alter their own metabolic regime sufficiently in the short term to survive on Earth at that time. Japanese Spider Crabs constituted evidence for such a claim. They had not yet become extinct, but developed into grossly mutated versions of their true ancestors, gradually losing sentience and becoming the endangered species we see today. The manipulation of arthropods had therefore been a last chance saloon strategy to implant some of their own version of ‘DNA’ into two descendants, one which would be socially oriented colonies – developing into ants. The other ‘offspring’ were intended to be lone predators – arachnids. Both were downsized, to avoid taking on apex predators and becoming an evolutionary dead end.   
The story on Mars four hundred million years ago took a very different course. Predators were absent, but so was a sustainable food chain. In desperation they decided to harmonise another celestial body to buy time and prevent the purity of their species being unnecessarily polluted. Coordinates of this celestial body were provided.
To everyone’s amazement it corresponded to Luna. Why the moon? More revelations expressed the notion that these aliens knew of the myth that there was a dark side of the moon. Because of the axial rotation of both Earth and its moon and the gravitational effect upon one another and that of the sun, we on Earth could only ever see one side. This was ideal for the aliens. Earthlings would have to become a spacefaring species to discover what they had built there. There was anecdotal notation to say this was only a site which should be visited if the travellers were, like the aliens themselves, in search of a way to stave off total extinction.
The reverberations back on Earth reignited curiosity in the public, seemingly because the moon was much more tangible than Mars. Everyone could gaze at it every night. It also forced Moscow to instruct Siberia to divert Gagarin to those coordinates on the return journey and capture high resolution images of the relevant terrain. Commander Smirnov was only too happy to do this, he had inadvertently been handed back his ‘Columbus’ status, as he was then to be conferred the privilege of taking on the subsequent lunar exploration.
Garth was preening unashamedly now that his brainchild had apparently trumped the experts without breaking stride. He waited patiently for the call and it duly came. He set off for Moscow once more; the reason had not been disclosed, but he sniffed a once in a lifetime opportunity and declined to ask.

*

The output continued in Garth’s short absence. Then it faltered. This culminated in another request which caused some confusion. A particular reference was made to the lunar coordinates and a swathe of decoded text which was obviously not describing any of the hundreds of genetic modifications carried out on Earth or Mars. Unique to the moon, the records were for a hybrid species. Without more input the system could not recommend how to approach the lunar site. Consequently, James recommended that the search for more data about the giant crustacean was put on to a shift rota to operate both day and night. Ivanov was reluctant to move resource from primary colonisation objectives, stating that the moon wasn’t going to disappear anytime soon, and anyway, Gagarin was about to rendezvous with the site on its return. James accepted his logic for the present if only because the Mark Two system was not showing signs of an impasse, merely wanting data without specifying how much. The drip feed would continue.

*

When Garth arrived in Moscow he quickly realised that he hadn’t been summoned to hear plaudits for the apparent breakthrough his system had figured out. The same official who’d ratified the deal agreeing to Garth’s veto of input for the Mark Two, was waiting for him. This time he was alone.
“Please sit Mr Docherty. We have a potential problem. It is in the form of a very well respected cosmologist during his days when we first sent observation craft to map the other side of the moon. He insisted that in 1960 there was some kind of alien footprint there. They were exactly the same coordinates as your machine has just identified.”
“Wow! That is big news. So, what’s the problem?”
“A later craft we sent there tried to get better close up images and was destroyed. Valery Sokolov has always maintained it was attacked from the surface. He failed to convince the Soviet government of that time to raise their game and send a manned ship to investigate. Of course you will recall that America went on to be the first to step out on to the lunar surface. This brought shame on Sokolov’s detractors and it still does. There will be unrest if we do not investigate this very thoroughly now. We are preparing to send a vessel there as soon as Gagarin sends good images. This now takes priority over another crew going to Mars.”
“Oh, I get it, you are diverting Gail Strathmore to this moon thing. Well, I sympathise with your predicament but I urge caution. We need a lot more output from my system before we go on a lunar archaeological dig.”
“No, Mr Docherty, you misunderstand me. We want you to go to the moon. That way we will have your eyes to decide what data can be added to your system. Gail Strathmore will deputise for you here in Siberia. You can then be confident that data input is correct. When you return she can re-join the Mars project.”
Chapter 42

A Step Too Far

This was not quite the opportunity Garth had envisioned. He had never thought of himself as a bone collector. However, on further consideration, this was about as good as it was going to get. He would be at the sharp end of whatever was discovered, and controlling the input data via Gail. He’d be in the spotlight wherever there were TV cameras. He was salivating at the prospect of such notoriety. Far away on Mars, James was reciprocally downbeat. He’d only just got there and the nucleus of the project had already flown the coop. Then he began to wonder if the coordinates on the moon were just a very clever precaution. The moon could be nothing more than a signpost, rather than a primary site. Consoling himself in this way could in reality be denial, but in any case there was little else he could do about the situation. 
He approached Ivanov and was told the same story as had been presented to Garth. As this Sokolov claim was so long before James was born and had been a steadfastly protected secret of the USSR, there was room for scepticism.
The workload of searching for more data on Mars was given less clinical attention by Ivanov as a direct result. He’d always been unhappy about neglecting essential colonisation objectives. In his mind, life on Mars meant exactly that – sustainable human life, not fossil hunting.
As a consequence, with data input in Siberia on the decline, the experts, who’d been unintentionally marginalised by recent preoccupation of what the Mark Two system was spewing out, suddenly rediscovered their voice. One of their number had made an observation some time ago which failed to gain purchase with the decision makers. The many images and accompanying text of the giant crustacean often displayed different reflected characteristics. Being on plinths, he noticed that the undersides of the creatures were not always coloured in the same way. Variation in patterns was also evident. He’d collected hundreds of these mirror images and put forward an explanation. There were no primary colours of red, green and blue. The shades were all derivatives, such as turquoise, purple, orange, and then gold plus silver. He maintained that the text associated with the many hues observed, actually showed a ranking system, one of function and possible hierarchy. Because of the relative hiatus of further input to the Mark Two system, the question was put to Moscow and therefore to Garth. Both were nervous that such a sudden revelation may portray these aliens as a threat rather than merely leaving a benevolent legacy. The debate raged on and even caused a delay in launching the lunar mission.
Ever respecting Darwin’s claim regarding the survival of the fittest, Garth surprisingly authorised a test for the expert’s claim that such a hierarchical order was at the forefront of the alien psyche. He instructed Gail to input the ‘rainbow theory’ together with the descriptive text of each individual giant crustacean.
The probability coefficient was as near to a perfect 1.0 as the answer to does the Earth orbit the sun? It turned the entire investigation on its head. However, the planned visit to the moon was then authorised to go ahead on schedule. Garth had reservations about this but didn’t pull out.
Meanwhile, the rainbow theory also took a further twist. Following the accepted hierarchical link, the inspection criteria shifted to any relationship of underbelly hue directly and only with its descriptive text. Eventually, an individual giant crustacean was located which had a set of numbers at the end of the text. An immediate search for others with such numerical displays became the priority. There were none, and logically this unique number arrangement was input to the I.T. system. 
Considering the ability of the Mark Two in terms of cracking ciphers and other obscure sequences, it took a surprising amount of time to come up with two possibilities. The numbers themselves were either an input code for some device, or they were simply more cosmic coordinates. If they represented the latter, there was quite accurate correspondence with those of Titan, one of the moons of Saturn. A less challenging option was to search the entire genetic experiment chamber for a hidden device of some kind.
James allowed his mind to wander back to the very first stone which had been spotted by Karl in Norway. He mused, ‘there must have been something special about the stones themselves. The dating put them at around four hundred million years old, but that doesn’t necessarily mean the aliens gathered them at that time. In fact, it’s pretty unlikely that such an advanced civilisation would have existed and travelled to our solar system so long ago. Maybe they are from this sector of the cosmos? Then there is the radioactivity, perhaps this element does exist closer to home than we thought’. He joined the search, but to no avail, the glass smooth walls had no cracks, recesses, or deformed structure. Then it hit him. What about the text itself? He’d been told they had tried that, they’d pressed the numbers of the actual text, covering hundreds of permutations with no success.
“No, that’s not what I meant. Press the glyphs in the text which correspond to the sequence of numbers for the location of Titan. Remember, simplicity could be the key. There was a lot of shaking of heads, so he pushed aside those nearest to the plinth and began to implement his sequence. An almighty rumbling shook the whole chamber as the ceiling opened and a cradle of sorts descended. Before it even reached the floor, the solar system was recognisable, and the all too familiar red glow emanated from Titan.
There was also new text, and no time was lost in recommending input to the Mark Two. Gail made contact with Garth and he gave the green light. The output was barely credible, and caused Moscow to exercise caution when investigating the lunar coordinates.

*

Despite the irony of the same person who advocated officially reporting the very first stone found in Norway being the one who released the cradle, James remained philosophical about such a coincidence. To him, it was only a small sense of fulfilment in unravelling the entire saga. 
The pecking order of giant crustaceans was revealed as the apex being of turquoise hue, officially known to us as cyan. Next was silver and gold, each one having different tasks. The remainder covered multiple functions in their struggle to prevail. It appeared to suggest there was only ever one cyan for each cycle of evolution, although there were no references of any kind to the dimension of time or cosmic landmarks.
The cyan in the cradle had annotated precisely what would be found on the moon and why. The hybrid species came about because virtually all genetic modification had failed to match their expectations. Having the necessary scientific capability for extreme alterations to natural evolution was a seductive tool for them when compared to fiddling with their own metabolic regime. The transposition of their memory into a purpose built crustacean shell had been hailed as the answer to all forms of their species. At first it was a glittering success, but in consecutive generations they found that certain characteristics played a major role in the abandonment of these hybrid beings. Emotion, risk, respect, and sexual attraction all caused conflict with the basic logic driven carcasses. The architects had been fortunate in extinguishing the hybrid approach just before reaching the tipping point which would have heavily favoured the monsters they themselves had created. These hybrids would surely have taken control of the future of the species. Consequently, they decided to leave this mausoleum of evidence on the moon, primarily as a warning to any sentient species developing on Earth. The record continued to elaborate; they had failed to colonise Mars, found partial success on Earth with arachnids and ants, and curtailed a Frankenstein threat on the moon.
What had now become the burning question was - had they survived in their natural state on Titan? Had they migrated to Saturn’s moon? That was on everyone’s mind, right up to the decoding of the very last section of text.
It had in fact been the other way around. They had settled on Titan first. This should not have come as the surprise it created. The Cassini-Huygens expedition in 2004 showed the atmosphere of Titan to be largely nitrogen; minor components were present and are capable of the formation of methane and ethane clouds and nitrogen-rich mists. The climate itself creates surface features similar to those of Earth, such as rivers, lakes, and deltas. The Giant Crustaceans back then expected that such a climate would produce seasonal weather patterns as on Earth. Prior decoded text had explained that these aliens were looking for just such atmospheric conditions. The one aspect which was not perfectly tailored for their long term survival was the liquid temperature. Titan’s rivers and lakes were quite a lot colder than Earth’s seas. Even the Mark Two system had not picked up on this isolated deviation from ideal.
A new debate ensued as to whether the aliens might still be alive under the surface crust of Titan. However, the technology of reaching and surviving long enough to find out was beyond human capability at present. Such a journey, despite the recent advance in propulsion technology, would not mitigate the risk of exposing human metabolism to the unquantifiable prolonged effects of space travel. It would have to wait, and in the meantime there was still the question of how much the aliens had affected our own evolutionary path. Although we knew they had sculptured arthropods directly, had they influenced humankind indirectly? Sifting through all of the output from both versions of Garth’s I.T. system, a new question was posed by the machine in Siberia. How was it that in both Egypt and the Americas that pyramids were built by the Pharaohs, and, millennia later Incan and Mayan civilisations? They had achieved similar engineering miracles before the Americas were discovered by the likes of Columbus. Even at the present time there is no unified theory as how these people could possibly have constructed such wonders of our world. 
Only the future would tell if Titan would reveal the final truth about the fate of the aliens. It was a sobering question they posed so elegantly to any species on the verge of creating artificial intelligence, for whatever purpose. Yet the prospect of this warning applying a brake to such applied research was infinitely slim.
For James Sullivan, the picture was different. He’d learned so much about all aspects of human behaviour that he wanted to spend the next couple of years in relative isolation on Mars. Then he would return to where this all began. Delving into the big questions had certainly given him the perspective he craved regarding Hanna’s short life. It would then be time to go back to that garden of remembrance in Norway. He felt a compulsion to despatch a communication to Lars, Karl and Axel, telling them when he’d be coming home for good. He now had his own version of a ‘pole star’ to navigate the challenges of his coming years.         
 
   






    
 
      
          


   
  

  
    


 


 

    



 

  
  
                    
  
 
 
     






 





     
     

    

          
       
   


      

     
   
  



 

  

 

    



    






 

   


 
     
   



 


 
 
       
 



  
 

 
 
 
   






  




         
 
 

 


     
 

 

  

  
 
  
        



 
    
      

     
 
  
     
 
 


  


 

