 
Strain of Resistance
Bixby Series Book 1

Michelle Bryan
CONTENTS

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Epilogue
Copyright © 2016 Michelle Bryan
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Version
       



Cover Design by Kellie Dennis at Book Cover by Design
www.bookcoverbydesign.co.uk

Edited by Rebecca Jaycox
r_jaycox@hotmail.com







This book is a work of fiction. People, places, events and situations are products of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or historical events, is purely coincidental. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted by any means, without the written permission of the author.
DEDICATION

For my boys. Thank you for all your support.





ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

To my awesome betas, thanks for the feedback. Michelle L, Kayla, Rebecca, Marie and Mysti.
You guys rock!

To my fellow authors of BB. Thanks for all the advice and laughter. You’re more than a support group. I consider you all as friends. I’m so lucky to have met each and every one of you.

To the many family and friends who have supported me along the way and listened to me
  talk about my work without rolling their eyes, thank you.





























CHAPTER ONE

I was twelve years old when the world ended. 
Not by any nuclear weapon, or asteroid strike, or series of natural disasters like so many doomsday soothsayers had prophesied. Nothing so dramatic. In fact it didn't end with a bang at all. It ended with a whimper. A deceivingly harmless, crystallized mist had covered our world in a day, leaving total devastation in its wake. Maybe if we had known then what the mist had concealed, we would have taken more precaution. Maybe if we had any kind of advanced warning, more of us would have survived. Maybe.
It happened eight years ago, but I remember like it was just yesterday.

I was in the park, only a block from my house. I went to the park a lot when my father was home. He was a truck driver and away from home most weeks out of the year. But when he was home, well, he made up for lost time. The drinking began around noon, the yelling around three, and the hitting around five. Like clockwork. My mom tried to protect me from the worst of it. She carried the scars--some visible, most not--of our never ending battle. She would quietly send me off to the park or my safe zone in the attic when it was too dark outside. She would know when he was about to be set off, almost like her spidey senses would kick in. She would whisper those dreaded words to me; “go play.” Like she believed if she kept me out of his sight, then he wouldn't hurt me. And it worked...most of the time. There had been occasions when I hadn't made it to the front door, or gotten the hatch to the attic pulled up before I was yanked back by the hair of my head. It only happened a few times before I learned to be quicker. I learned to react real fast or suffer the consequences.
That day started out no different from any other. Don't even remember what set him off. Maybe he didn't like what she was cooking for dinner. Maybe he found a speck of dirt in the always immaculate house. Maybe the football game on TV wasn’t going his way. Or maybe it was just the sight of my face. Who the hell knew with him? But he was in a foul mood so I didn't even wait for my mom's warning. I just headed for the park.
I knew I wouldn't find any of my friends there this late in the evening. In fact the whole park was empty. No neighbors pushing their babies in their bulky, prissy carriages and taking up the whole dang sidewalk. No dogs chasing Frisbees or tennis balls across the green grass. No middle-aged neighbors jogging, trying in vain to work off their paunch. Not like usual. The only company I had was old man Heff who was the park’s resident homeless dude. He was sitting on the same park bench that he sat on every day and feeding the birds like usual. He never spoke in all the time I knew him, other than to mumble incoherent words at the pigeons. They were the only creatures he ever acknowledged. So I guess in theory, I was truly alone in the park that day. Everyone else was home with their nice families, having nice dinners and nice conversations. 
Most times I envied my friends. I never could understand why my house wasn't that way, why my dad wasn't like the other dads, and why we couldn't sit down to nice family dinners and talk about our day. Laugh about silly stuff. Things Mom and I did when he wasn’t home. My mom just cried every time I asked why she stayed, so I finally gave up on asking. I gave up on a lot.
Instead I sat alone in the park, swinging on the rusted old swing set with its peeling red paint, dragging my feet in the sand and ignoring the grumblings of my empty stomach. I knew I wouldn't get to eat any time soon. Not until he passed out at least and it would be safe to go back home. Another hour or two yet. Mom would keep my dinner warm in the oven until I could come home without waking him up. We had it down to a routine now. All I had to do was wait for the sun to go down.
Across the park, the pigeons suddenly took off in flight with a ruckus of panicked whistling and fluttering wings. I raised my eyes from the ground, wondering what had riled them. I was surprised to see darkness staining the earlier clear blue sky. My first thought was that a storm headed our way. Great. Just what I needed- to get soaking wet before I could go back home.
But then I realized what was moving towards me at a rapid pace wasn't clouds at all, but a mist of sorts. A grey avalanche of fog rolled in and covered the houses and streets with an eerie, ghost-like quality. It wasn’t smoke since there was no smell. But the mist was just as heavy as the thick smoke that spewed from the smokestacks of the power plant on the other side of town. 
It moved fast, swallowing up everything in its path. The lushness of the park disappeared as the crawling tendrils enveloped me and turned my world opaque. The soft wisps swirled about me, darting this way and that, almost as if they were studying me. I remember being enthralled by this ghostly dance, wondering what on earth it could possibly be. It was almost hypnotizing. Glittering crystals floated in and out of the mist...as if they had a life force of their own. It was only much later that I would learn they actually did.
A clump of crystals danced in front of my face like swirling snowflakes, and I reached out and tried to catch them on my fingertips. I laughed as my touch triggered them to break apart and scatter, changing formation. Then without warning, they converged and swarmed me, covering my mouth and nose like a wet cloth. With every breath I could feel them going down my throat and I panicked. Wrapping my hands around my throat, I coughed and spat and tried desperately to get rid of the blockage. I couldn’t suck in any oxygen. I fell out of the swing and onto my knees, my vision fuzzy around the edges. The threat of blacking out was all too real, and I was terrified I was going to die. And then just like that, it was over. The crystals clawed at my throat as they made their way back up, making me gag. They trickled out of my mouth and into the air. The mist surrounding me reabsorbed them like a thirsty sponge, and then it just moved on.  As if the crystals had decided I wasn’t worth their time. 
I sucked the sweet air into my starving lungs, spitting out the oily aftertaste in my mouth. Still on my knees in the playground dirt, a cold shiver passed over me and I couldn't help but feel I’d just had a very narrow escape. But from what? 
I watched as the wet mist slithered away from the park; the ominous gloom now moving to the other side of town. It didn't look like a harmless cloud anymore. The way it moved, slinking over the roads and houses, it appeared to be filled with malicious intent. 
What the hell was that?
Suddenly remembering old Heff, I scanned the park looking for him. I needed to see if he’d been attacked the same as me; because even as young as I was, I knew what happened had been an out-and-out attack on my being. I found him lying on the ground under his bench, unmoving. I wanted to go to him and see if he was okay. I tried standing, but my wobbly legs had other plans. They refused to support my weight, and I fell back into the dirt. I stared after the mist with frightened eyes, praying silently to God that it wouldn't change direction and return.
I don't know how long I stayed crouched in the dirt. Five or ten minutes, maybe. I knew I should get up. I should get the hell out of there, but instead I stayed down like a shivering mass of spineless jelly. Movement at the corner of my eye caught my attention, and I almost cried out in relief as Heff sat up.
Then I saw his eyes.
A dark liquid oozed from them. Blood. Blood was coming out of his freakin’ eyes! I tried to run, but my body turned to stone and became rooted in the dirt. His eyes opened slowly, the whites contrasting sharply with the red. My own eyes threatened to pop from their sockets as my heart slammed painfully in my chest. The fear soon escalated to terror, for what I witnessed burned in my brain and haunted my dreams for years to come. 
His mouth opened wide as if his jaws had hinges, causing the corners of his lips to split open and blood to squirt out on either side. His very flesh tore apart. I heard it tear with a sickening rip, and my stomach rolled violently as I gagged. Strips of bloody meat flapped over his now exposed gums and teeth. My brain refused to define what was happening as a gray, thick worm clawed its way out of his mouth and exploded into the air with a fresh spurt of blood. For some insane reason, the sped up clip I had watched in biology class last week of a sunflower seed sprouting from the dirt popped into my head. This looked exactly the same. Like the worm had germinated and sprouted out of the old man’s throat.
A shrill keening pierced the air. The sound caught the creature's attention, and the disfigured head turned my way. Horrified, I realized the sound spilled out of me. I covered my mouth with my hand, trying to strangle the scream. But it was too late. In response the worm-like thing splayed opened and from its black, inky innards, silver teeth glinted in the evening sun like dozens of tiny blades. Teeth clearly made for ripping and tearing flesh.
I didn't wait to see any more. As much as I was in denial, my honed survival instinct kicked in. I lurched to my feet and ran.
My twelve-year-old legs were much shorter than my pursuer’s, but the sound of thick, wet gurgles following me down the street had me practically flying the block to my house. I didn't even think to stop at the nearest house. My house and my mother were the only thoughts in my head.
 I ran up my front steps and fell through the door, slamming it behind me with enough force to rattle the windows. I didn't even care that it would be sure to draw my father’s wrath. In fact I hoped it did. Let him deal with the monstrosity outside.
I stumbled back from the door, and my heart threatened to burst out of my chest. I stared at the door in dread, fearing any second for it to crash open and that thing that was once Heff to barrel through. But it remained intact. With bated breath, I listened for any telltale sign that that thing hovered outside. I heard nothing. 
 Gathering up my last bit of courage, I peered cautiously through the narrow window that bordered the door. The thing was still standing in the street. And that's all it was doing...just standing. It wasn't looking at my house trying to figure out some fiendish way to get inside. It wasn't looking about at all. It was just standing. Almost as if it had forgotten it was chasing me. 
I watched as Heff stumbled away, like he was drunk. What was that thing my mom always said? Out of sight, out of mind. The thing that undoubtedly wanted to rip me apart only minutes ago appeared to have forgotten about me. Or maybe it was because it couldn't see me anymore. Either way it was no longer chasing me, and I sobbed a little in relief.
I rubbed at my eyes, wiping away sweat and tears. Crying was a weakness I hadn’t given in to in years, yet here I was bawling like a baby. My body convulsed like I’d been slam dunked in some icy river. My teeth knocked together, and I clamped my lips to keep from biting my tongue. Wrapping my arms around my chest, I tried to hold myself together. I needed to find Mom. I needed her to tell me everything was going to be okay.
The sound of the TV blaring from the den was almost surreal as I tiptoed past. Now that the other monster was no longer a threat, I still didn't want to poke the one living in my house. Veering off to the kitchen, I was brought up short by the smell of burning food. Mom never burnt anything. She wouldn't dare. Hurrying before it got his attention, I grabbed the oven mitts and turned off the oven. Pulling out the tray of now charred chicken and potato wedges, I dropped the hot platter on top of the stove and waved at the smoke with my gloved hand.
"Mom?" I whispered at the haze filled kitchen. No answer. 
The smoke filtered out the cracked kitchen window, and the sight of it hit me like a punch to the gut. The window was open. Open to let anything that had been outside, in.
Where was she? The lump of dread in my stomach made me almost want to puke as I stepped hesitantly into the hallway. The old shag carpet sucked at my feet like some marshy mud, refusing to let me turn back. I stopped walking and peered around the corner into my bedroom. It was empty and just as I had left it this morning. My gaze was caught by the evening sun glinting off the silver framed picture on the nightstand. The picture of me and my mom. It suggested normalcy. I knew today was anything but.
I checked the bathroom--also empty. Mom wasn't in there. That left my parent’s room at the end of the hall. The door to that bedroom seemed to grow in front of my eyes the longer I stared at it. I suddenly felt like Alice in Wonderland after the Drink Me potion. I'm shrinking. I'm shrinking. The words bounced around in my head with an echo of madness.
    I didn't want to go anywhere near that door. My gut was telling me to run. Get away. But I needed to find my mom. The door stood slightly ajar. I took a shaky breath and pushed it open the rest of the way.
    The first thing I saw was my father's gun lying by the dresser, like someone had tried to take it out of the top drawer where it was kept but had dropped it in the process. The second thing I saw was his back as he hunched over mom's body, which was spread across the bed. Only her dangling legs and head were visible; his stocky frame hid the rest of her from me. Her face was turned toward me, and the look of terror captured forever in her now unseeing eyes chilled me to my core. The wet, smacking sounds that filled the room and the wide stain of red soaking the white bedspread told my mind that hope was already lost for my mom, but my heart refused to believe it.
"NO!" I screamed, as I lunged at my father's back. With one swipe of his arm, he sent me flying across the room and I crashed into the dresser mirror, smashing it on impact. I slid down. Sharp, brutal pain tore through my face as my jaw caught on a jagged piece of glass-slicing me open. But there was no time to wallow in my pain, for the creature now turned to me. Through my haze of fear I could see the hideous worm-thing protruding from my father’s mouth, flapping in anticipation as it smelled more blood. 
Terror. Pain. Grief. They all combined into one agonizing scream that threatened to take me under. The creature lurched toward me and I tried to back up, but with the solid dresser behind me there was no place to go. I reached out blindly, searching for anything I could use as a weapon. My hand made contact with cold steel. The gun.
Shaking my head to keep the blood out of my eyes, I aimed the weapon and tried desperately to remember what Mom had taught me. I pushed the safety down with my thumb knuckle and squeezed the trigger, firing at the creature. He jerked with the impact of each shot, but still he came at me. I kept shooting, my screams in sync with the gunshots. I lost track of how many times I fired, but the clicking of an empty chamber finally registered. No more bullets. With a pathetic last attempt at self-defense, I threw the useless gun at him. It bounced harmlessly off of his chest. Closing my eyes in surrender, I waited for the pain to come. Please let it be over quick, I prayed fleetingly as I covered my head with my arms and tried to shrink into the dresser. 
Nothing happened. There was no attack. No pain. I opened my eyes a crack, expecting to find the creature preparing to rip my face off. Instead I found my father's body lying at my feet. The bullets had done their job. He was crumpled over sideways. Not moving. The grisly abomination hung lifelessly from his mouth.
The ensuing silence was punctuated only by my frantic breaths. I kept staring at the thing on the floor just inches from me, but still it didn't move. The gray monstrosity had done the same thing to his face as it had to Heff. My father had been considered a handsome man once, but not anymore.
 Funny, I didn't feel anything as I stared at the dead man that helped give me life. I didn't check to see if he was okay. Instead I kicked at him, trying to push him--and it--away. Images from all the old horror movies my mom and I used to watch jumped into my head, and I kept expecting the creature to suddenly come to life and crawl toward me. The monsters in those movies always made one last attempt to get you before they died. But the worm-thing remained as still as the body it possessed. 
Drip. Drip. Drip. 
The sound clawed its way into my consciousness, pulling my eyes from the dead thing and toward the bed. I was thankful I could only see the top of her head from my position on the floor...but it was enough. The sound of my mother's blood as it trickled from the saturated bedspread to the hardwood floor was the last straw. I couldn't take anymore. The wailing started again as I let the waves of pain wash over me. I screamed until I had no voice left and then finally lay there in numbed shock. 
Exhausted and terrified, my own warm blood gushing down the side of my face, I just wanted to let go. My body felt heavy—like it was filled with lead--and I fell over pulling my knees up to my chest. I wanted to sleep and forget everything. The bright pink of my mom's favorite t-shirt peeked coyly at me from the bottom drawer of the dresser, and I yanked at it until it came loose. Balling it up, I placed it under my cheek and pressed the cloth into my wound. The smell of the familiar laundry soap pierced my heart, and tears filled the corner of my eyes. They tickled as they fell across my nose. I allowed them to take their course. I had no energy to wipe them away.
I knew I should move. My brain was shrieking at me to go. To try and find other survivors. Anyone that could help me. But the heaviness in my body took over, and I didn't care anymore if an army of those worms were heading my way. All I wanted to do was close my eyes and sleep.
I didn't know how long I lay there on the floor. Minutes. Hours. Days. Time lost all meaning as I passed in and out of consciousness, only to wake up to the same repeated horror. Every time I opened my eyes, it was to my mom's puddled pool of blood. So I simply closed my eyes and welcomed the darkness again. Maybe, I kept telling myself, maybe if I slept long enough, it would all go away.
***
"...in here..."
"...she's alive..."
"...search the rest of the house..."
    The voices sounded so far off, and my eyelids felt sewn shut as I fought with them to open. Was it my mom and dad? Were they fighting again? I should go to the park. No! The park was a bad place.
The thoughts all jumbled together in my head. I didn't remember anything. Where was I?
"Hey, little one." This voice was alarmingly close and I pried my eyes open. A huge shadow loomed above me, and I lashed out on instinct. Strong hands stayed my flailing arms and swept me off the floor with ease.
"It's okay. You're safe now." 
Safe. Safe from what? Then I remembered the mist. The worm things. My mom. A wail of anguish welled up in my chest as I fought against the strong arms holding me.
"Hey now, everything’s going to be okay. You've lost a lot of blood, but we’re here to help you." The kind voice, the gentle arms—someone was here to help me. To save me. The painful grip binding my chest loosened and a slight whimper escaped. I wasn't alone. 
The arms cradled me like a baby. I could hear the stranger's heart beating with a steady rhythm against my ear. It had a calming effect. I stopped fighting as all the tension flowed away, and my body went slack. I looked up into a bearded, tanned face. Warm brown eyes stared back at me.
"That's it, no need to fight anymore. It's gonna be okay. What's your name, little one?" He kept up the inane chatter as he removed me from the dark room, shielding me from the awfulness I knew was on the other side of him. He carried me through the house I had lived in my whole life. If I had known I would never see this place again, I probably would have insisted on taking something of my former life. But I was too numb. 
The soothing babble continued all the way outside. I closed my eyes against the blinding morning sunlight, but a sudden shot pierced the air, forcing them back open again. The bearded face leaned over me, blocking the sun.
"Don’t worry. Just look at me." His voice demanded my attention. Kept my focus on him. In the back of my head, my mind registered far off sounds--screams and gunshots--but he kept talking.   
"Do you know your name?" he questioned again. My name. My name? For the life of me, I couldn't remember. I stared back at him with wide-eyed panic. Surely I must know my name. But I drew a blank.
He smiled at my bewilderment. 
"Don’t sweat it, kiddo. Sometimes I wake up and can't remember my name either. I've had a few mornings like that."
We passed by the beat up mailbox, which was dented from years of run-ins with the bumper of my father's truck. The stranger pointed his chin toward it.
"Says here on the box, ‘Bixby.’ Is that your last name, Bixby?"
Bixby? Yes. I nodded in agreement. This caused excruciating pain to shoot through the side of my damaged face and I bit my lip, stopping myself from crying out. He saw the grimace and concern furrowed his brow.
"Sorry about the pain, kid. But we’ll have you fixed up in no time." He stopped at the curb in front of an idling white pickup truck. I hadn't even noticed it there. Its door stood wide open, and he handed me off to the blonde woman inside. I automatically reached out for him at the loss of contact. The little time I had spent in his arms was the safest I’d felt in a very long time. Responding to my whimper of protest, he took both my grasping hands in his giant palm and squeezed them reassuringly.
"This here is Olivia. She's gonna take real good care of you. Olivia, this is Bixby. Now she's been a real brave soldier so far, but I think she's gonna need our help from here on out. We'll keep you safe, little Bixby, I promise. Or my name isn't Captain John Cooper."






CHAPTER TWO

      Eight years later

"Straight flush!" I yell and spread my cards triumphantly across the scarred wood of the table top. The tiny room echoes with the sound of my undisguised gloating. Cackling with glee, I drag the loot of still sealed batteries, bags of MRE pretzels, and the candy to my side of the table. The five other faces illuminated in the watery glow from the naked bulb hanging above the table don't seem to be as pleased as I am.
"There's no way you're this good at poker all the time," Cal says in disgust as he throws his cards down. He scowls at me over black-rimmed glasses held together in the center with a dirty mound of tape.
I stop hoarding and stare back over my pile of winnings at the newest member of our group.
"You accusing me of cheating?" I say with quiet menace, narrowing my eyes.
"Uh-oh," Badger mutters as his skinny frame vacates his chair in a hurry, leaving an empty spot at the table between Cal and me. 
"I’m not accusing you of anything other than being extremely lucky. Maybe that's what we should call you from now on—Lucky."
I shake my head, not quite sure if I heard him right.
"You think I, of all people, should be called Lucky? Are you fucking kidding me?" I quickly pull one of my knives out of its leather sheath and practically leap over the table, jamming the tip in the soft fold underneath his dark chin before he can move away. The eyes behind the glasses open wide in shock.
"Maybe I should change your definition of lucky then. Maybe I should cut you open and put you outside the gate, see how many leeches you can outrun. If you live, then that...that would be real lucky, and we get to change your name. How 'bout that?"
"Jesus Christ, Bixby! I wasn't being serious," Cal hisses through gritted teeth, holding his chin high off of my knife. His eyes dart around the table, pleading for help.
"Come on guys, tell her to back off."
Blank stares meet his plea.
"Sorry, Cal, man. You accused her of cheating. Bix don't like that. That's what Sellers did, and well, why do you think we needed a new hunter?"
His frantic dark eyes flit back to me. I don't back off an inch. They let him stew for a bit before they finally crack up laughing.
"Don't get your panties in a knot, Cal. She's just shittin' with ya." Luke laughs as he slaps Cal on the back, causing him to lurch forward, and the tip of my knife digs in slightly. A tiny bead of blood forms at the entry point.
"Ah, dammit, Cal. Look what you did. Now you done messed up my knife."
Pulling it away from his chin, I wipe the blood off on my pants leg with disgust as Cal watches me with wary eyes. He dabs at his chin with his sleeve.
"You’re as crazy as what I heard," he mutters, then quickly tries to backtrack as my head snaps his way. "I mean, others have said..."
"Why don't you just leave it at that, Cal," I warn softly. Picking up a silvery bag of pretzels from my loot pile, I toss them his way. "Here. No hard feelings."
The bag hits him squarely in the chest, but he snags it before it can hit the floor.
"Thanks, I guess, since those were mine to begin with."
"Hey, all’s fair in love and poker," I say with a shrug.
"If you're gonna give Cal back his shit." Dom reaches for another of the silvery packets, and I jam my knife into the table, missing his grasping fingers by a hair.
"Don't even think about it," I snarl. He yanks his hand back in a hurry.
"Jesus. Pms'ing much, Bixby?" His lips curl in anger but his flaming face reveals his embarrassment at everyone's laughter.
"Just as much as you, bitch," I toss back with a sweet smile. "We must be on the same cycle."
Out of the five other hunters sitting around the table, Dominic is the only one who can push me to this level of bitchiness. There are a couple reasons why. Number one, he’s a male chauvinist pig. Doesn't matter that I’m a much better hunter than he will ever be, all he sees when he looks at me is a girl. And the way he looks at me sometimes, it makes my skin crawl. I'm glad I can't see into his twisted thoughts, since I'm sure just a tiny taste would be enough to give me nightmares. 
Number two, he’s an all-around asshole. And for the life of me I can't figure out why he’s even assigned to our group. He would make a much better guard than a hunter. He has that “my shit don't stink" vibe about him that most guards at the Grand seemed to attain after a while. I mentioned to Cooper a few times about Dom not fitting in as a hunter, but he just laughed at me and told me it was good to have someone around to challenge all my decisions. That it would keep me on my toes. 
Luke also doesn't seem to get Dom's nasty side. He tells me often that Dom isn't really that bad of a guy, and I make him out to be worse than he really is. 
           Luke is a dumbass. A beautiful, caring, giant of a man, but a dumbass just the same. He refuses to see the bad in anyone. He always says there are so few of us left in the world that we need to believe everyone is basically decent. There are times I want to rip those rose-colored glasses right off of his damn face. Mostly though, I'm grateful for his calm demeanor. He keeps me grounded.
I watch him now as he clasps Dom on the shoulder, turning the other man’s anger away from me.
"Chill out, my friend. No harm, no foul." He smiles at Dom and whispers, "Women," under his breath like that’s the answer for everything wrong in the world. But it seems to appease Dom, and he grins in agreement. I get a quick wink from Luke before he stands up, blocking Dom from my view. The wink seems to say 'no offense, Bix,' but I don't take any. I'm just glad the situation was defused before it escalated into one of our heated debates. It's been a hard week, and I don't think I have it in me right now to argue with Dom. 
Luke, the peacekeeper. I'm sure Dom and I would have torn out each other’s throats by now if it weren't for him. He is our unofficial leader: level-headed, cautious, and methodical. Everything I'm not. Only a couple of years older than me, but experience wise, he’s a grizzled vet. More than once he’s gotten us out of an ass-ripping in the field, whereas I would’ve just gone balls-to-the-wall to escape the leeches. His instincts are infallible. We’ve never lost a man under his watch, and I'm lucky to call him friend. And lover.
"Come on, Bix. You can keep the damned batteries, but at least share the rest of your loot. It's movie night. Gotta have snacks for movie night, and you took all my shit." This is from Gordon- the youngest member of our group. Barely seventeen, his freckled face and slight stature make him look far younger than his years. But the kid is a super-fast runner, which is one of the most important requirements of a hunter. Sometimes it's all that keeps us alive.
"Movie night?" Shit. I had forgotten. Amy is going to be pissed at me. I promised to come see her before movie night. That had been what--a week ago? Yup, she’s going to be upset. I'm hoping my newest acquirement for her collection will be enough to lighten her mood.
"Yeah, they're showing Raiders of the Lost Ark tonight. Love that one!" The irony of the boy’s eagerness is not lost on me. That movie had been out long before we’d even been born. Gordon has probably seen it at least twenty or thirty times since the Grand's entire movie collection consisted of a handful of titles, all shown on an old-school projector and movie reel. Yet he's still as excited as if it's a brand new release. And since new movie releases have gone the way of the dinosaur, we've all learned an appreciation for the classics.
"Did you know-" he continues eagerly, "-in that movie, Harrison Ford kept losing his hat, so at one point they stapled it to his forehead? I read that somewhere." He looks around at us all like he’d just revealed the secret of the Lost Ark itself.
"Yeah, we did," Dom grounds out. "And I still don't give a shit any more than I did the last three times you told us."
Even though I actually agree with Dom on this one, I'm sure as hell not about to say that. Instead I ignore him and sigh at Gordon, tossing a bag of candy his way. "What's the point of beating your asses if I'm just gonna hand it all back to you losers?"
He snatches the bag out of the air and grins at me, taking no offense at Dom's rudeness. The kid really doesn’t take offense to much, although whether he’s too stupid or too young to care, I’m not sure. "You know you're only doing this ‘cause somewhere in that hard shell you call a heart, you’ve got a soft spot for us all."
I join in with his laughter. He has this happy-go-lucky way about him that always cracks me up. But then the snide comment hits my ears.
"Yeah, go figure Bixby would have a soft spot for morons. Not to mention the oldies, cripples, and 'tards, that live here as well. The biggest non-contributors to our survival. As far as I'm concerned, they should all be put outside the gate and--"
Dom doesn't get to finish that sentence. An intense wave of hate floods my body, literally making me see red. 
I lunge at him before he can dodge. Taking him down to the floor, I land on top of him, straddling his chest. Laying my left forearm heavy across his throat, I hold my knife inches above his right eye. 
"Take that back you ignorant prick, or I swear I will cut your fucking eyeballs right out of your head and pop 'em like grapes!"
Dominic's eyes narrow in undisguised fury as he spits in my face. The spittle runs down my cheek and drips from my chin, turning my anger into a raging inferno. I drop the knife like a hot potato, hitting fast and fierce with three quick punches to his face. Blood spurts from his split lip, but the sight of it only fuels my wrath. I need to inflict more damage. I pull back for another punch, but my anger makes me sloppy. Dom quickly recovers from the surprise attack and lurches to the side, throwing me off of him. My head hits the nightstand next to the bed, and the blow stuns me. Dom takes advantage of my confusion and flips me onto my back, grabbing my arms as he stares down at me.
"Don't you ever threaten me again, bitch," he snarls. 
I yank my left hand up to my face, pulling him over me. Not giving him any chance to retaliate, I place my right knee between us and brace my left foot against his hip, pushing with all my might. It forces me out of his grasp, and I roll nimbly to my feet. He's still on his knees, and I move in for a good swift kick to the balls. Nothing I want more than to see this asshat squirming in pain.
Lucky for him, I don't connect. Gordon and Badger jerk him to his feet and pull him out of reach. He struggles against their confinement, but they refuse to let go of his arms. I don't protest their involvement; all the easier for me to kick his damn ass. I know it's a dick move to attack an unarmed guy, but I’m beyond caring at this point in time. He so deserves an ass whooping. I leap at him, but I'm plucked out of the air mid-jump.
"Let. Me. Go." I huff at the arms binding me like a vise, but Luke doesn't let up on me in the least. His lips bury in my hair as he quietly hisses at me, "Calm down, Bix. Calm the hell down."
"Get your hands off of me," Dom says as he pulls his arms free. Gordon and Badger back off, but only after they’re convinced he's not planning to retaliate. 
"Bix?" Luke questions quietly, and my nod is abrupt. He still doesn't let go.
"I'm done!" I snap, and he finally releases me. I shake him off as I move away. No one says a word as I wipe the remaining spittle from my face with the back of my sleeve and stare at Dom in hatred. Luke finally breaks the heavy silence.
"What the hell was that?" Even after the drama that just unfolded, he sounds so calm and in control. I, on the other hand, am still pissed to no end.
"You know damn well what that was—Dom being the complete jackass that he is." I turn my glare from the moron across the room and stare pleadingly at Luke. "You just heard him. You heard what he said about the old folks and Amy and Cooper. He's not joking. He truly believes the shit spewing out of his own mouth, so why is he still a part of this group?"
"You know that's not up to me—" Luke begins his usual defense, but I don't want to hear it. Not this time.
"But you can talk to Cooper. He will listen to you," I say in frustration.
"Why don't you go see Cooper yourself, Bixby?" Dom's eyes are as back as coal as he dabs at the blood on his lip with his sleeve. "From what I hear, you have him just as pussy whipped as Thor here."
"That's enough, Dom," Luke growls a warning and I can tell by the throbbing vein at his temple he’s trying hard to hold his temper in check. For a moment, I think do it. I want him to lose control. But right away I feel guilty, since my dislike of Dom isn't Luke's problem.
"What? You don't want me saying out loud what the rest of us already know about your girlfriend, Whitman?" Dom goads, his words filled with insinuation. 
"It's not like that," Luke is using his best don’t-fuck-with-me tone, but it only makes Dom snort sarcastically. The laughter grates along my spine like nails on a chalkboard.
"Says who? Her? Like she's gonna tell you the truth. Word has it she's been sleeping with Cooper and you both at the same time. I wouldn't be surprised to find a few more names on that list, either." 
"Except for yours," I fire back. "Is that what this is about, Dom? You jealous ‘cause you're feeling left out?" My fists curl again, just itching for some more contact with his leering face. But I know from experience it's pointless. Dom never changes his opinion on anything, no matter how warped that opinion is. I found that out the hard way from our numerous arguments over the years. Why he’s even allowed to live at the Grand with us is a mystery to me. Cooper shares Luke's mindset, believing every life essential. Too bad Dom doesn't feel the same way. 
This isn't the first time I've heard his snide comments against the weaker members of the three hundred or so souls that call the Grand home. If it were up to him, the old and the disabled would be put out as fodder for the leeches. He believes if you don't contribute substantially, then you don't belong. I could learn to ignore him if I didn't know that there are others who share his opinion. Although I can probably count them on one hand, it still makes me uneasy.
"Forget it, Luke," I mutter to the tense giant standing beside me. "Don't waste any more of your time talking to that narrow-minded, fuck-knuckle."
"Truth hurts, don't it, Bixby," Dom shrugs at me and I bite my lip, fighting hard against the urge to punch him again. 
Instead I take a menacing step and growl, "Get the fuck out, Dom! All of you—get out."
To my relief, they obey. Cal and Badger send wary smiles my way as they pass by. Gordon even goes as far as picking up my knife and handing it to me, but the laughter following Dom's retreat pisses me off even more. I hold my temper in check until they clear the small room, but as soon as the door closes behind them, I take my wrath out on the poker table. 
"Arrrggghhhh!" Furious, I stab my knife over and over into the soft wood, growling in frustration with each blow. Luke watches silently from the safety of the other side of the table.
"I think you killed it," he says dryly, as my attack on the table finally slows down. Giving one more stab for good measure, I lean over the table with a tight grip, catching my breath.
"God, I really do hate that sonofabitch." 
"You really shouldn't let him get to you so much. He enjoys goading you—and you fall for it every time. You know his bark is far worse than his bite. He doesn't believe half of what he says--"
"What?" I stare at him in disbelief. "Did we not just hear the same conversation? Not to mention he pretty much called me a whore. Thanks for defending me by the way," I say. 
His soft chuckle only adds to my annoyance. Why is he laughing? There’s nothing funny about this situation.
"One thing I've learned about you over the years, Emma Bixby, you don't need defending by any man. Besides, the one time I did try to defend you, you nearly took my head off. I won't be that stupid again."
"Is that so?" My obvious anger only seems to cause him to laugh harder. "So not helping, Luke. And why are you even still here? I told all of you to get the hell out. That includes you, you big ape."
"Considering this is my room, I figured you would make a concession." His laughter finally dies down to a stupid grin. Folding his arms across his wide chest, he rocks back on his boot heels. "Besides, I can't leave you. You're all riled up now, and I alone know the only way to calm you down when your dander is up. Have I ever told you you're sexy as hell when you're pissed?"
He wiggles his eyebrows at me in an exaggerated leer.
"Sexy as hell?" I mock. "Really? Not the best time for one of your cheesy pick-up lines, Whitman."
"Cheesy, but true," he says, his chocolate brown eyes raking over me with such a look of heat my knees go weak. My mouth suddenly dries out like the Sahara as he drops his arms and ambles my way. His big hands grip my shoulders with an urgency that belies his leisurely approach. At 5'8 I’m no slouch, but still he towers above me. His blonde head dips toward mine and the feathery caress of his lips as they move up my neck and along my jawline sends shivers quivering down my spine. 
"You're an ass," I mumble in protest. My anger still vibrates through me, competing with the arousal he’s awakening. He responds by nibbling on my neck.
"Luke," I protest again, thinking I should push him away, but my will falters.
"Bix," he mocks softly, before the mouth I know so well covers mine, silencing me. The arousal wins out. 
His lips are gentle. Probing. Eliciting that same carnal response from me they do every time. We’ve been friends for the past five years. Ever since I’d been assigned to his group of hunters. Our more intimate relationship had only blossomed about six months ago. But if I’d known then what unimaginable delights this blonde giant was capable of giving, I wouldn't have waited so damn long. 
My hands run through his thick hair, pulling his face closer to mine. His day old stubble is rough against my cheek, and his skin emits a sweet muskiness, part soap, part sweat, and all Luke. That scent awakens the nerve endings between my legs with a throbbing desire. 
His breath catches in his chest as I press my body into his, feeling all too well the evidence of his arousal. Growling in the back of his throat, he lifts me with his big hands and plunks my rear down hard on the table. Wrapping my long legs around his waist, I pull him against me and grind shamelessly, wishing there weren’t layers of denim between us. 
The kiss deepens as he crushes my lips with his need to have more of me. His tongue probes mine, and the groan it raises from me is primal. I pull at his T-shirt, yanking it over his head, not giving a damn that I rip it in the process. His bare chest is warm and smooth against my hands, and his muscles spasm at my touch. My obvious effect on him fills me with a euphoria that just deepens my need for him.
"God, Bix. I love you," he moans against my lips. His hands and mouth cover me everywhere, like his admission has fueled his desire. But the effect it has on me is quite the opposite. It's as if someone has suddenly doused me with a bucket of ice water. I go still under his frantic touch. A knot forms in my belly, displacing the hot need. Irritated, I push at his chest, trying to form a gap between us. 
Why did he say that?
As if just realizing what he said, he pulls away from me slowly. His eyes reflect the hurt at my instant rejection.
"I told you never to say that again," I whisper through my swollen lips. Struggling to untangle myself from his arms, I try to move away, but he won't let me. His strong arms hold me in place.
"I don't care what you told me, Bix. It’s true. And I'm tired of trying to hide it. I love you. What's so wrong about that?"
"Let go of me, Luke," I plead as my eyes drop from his. I don't want to look at his eyes anymore, for in them I can see the undeserving truth of his words.
"Bix, it has been a year and a half for Christ's sake. Let him go already." I can hear pleading, frustration, and concern in his voice, but all it does is piss me off.
"I said let go of me." I shove hard against his chest. He stumbles back a couple of steps, but he doesn't try to stop me as I slide off the table and walk away on unsteady legs. I head for the bed, grabbing my backpack from where it’s been sitting on Luke's floor since our return from the field yesterday. I had spent the whole night here in his arms, making love and feeling content. But now that one single word changes everything. I need to get out of this room and away from Luke. Away from my still thrumming desire. He says nothing as I stay long enough to scoop my winnings into my bag, avoiding eye contact with him. Turning my back, I stride to the door and yank it open with enough force to send it crashing into the wall. His soft voice follows me into the hallway.
"Run all you want, Bix, but I'm still gonna be here. I'm not going anywhere; you may as well get used to it. Just as much as you need to get used to the fact that Sam is never coming back."






CHAPTER THREE

The Grand had undoubtedly been the epitome of elegance back in its prime. Back when we had first arrived. Wide hallways and mahogany floors decorated with luxuriously soft Persian carpets. Expensive leather chairs and sofas had been placed strategically in side alcoves, all for the comfort of the hotel’s well paying guests. Commissioned artwork had adorned the cream-colored walls with their decorative crown moldings and white marble columns.
            Little remains of that elegance. Eight years of the Grand being used as a base for our eclectic group of survivors has diminished its beauty.
The carpets are now stained and mildewed from dirty boots and inadequate heating and ventilation; the floorboards underneath are rotted in spots. The remaining leather seats are tattered and shabby from years of use. The cream paint is blistered and peeling from the walls like old wallpaper. The paintings are long since gone; ripped and torn from their gilded frames. It isn't much to look at any more, but it’s our home. Rebuilt and fortified, it has kept us safe for the better part of these last eight years. Ever since the world has gone to hell in a handbasket.
Bare bulbs flicker with dull light every five feet or so, adding to the dilapidated look and providing just enough illumination to help you avoid the weak spots in the floor. Most of the carefully monitored solar electricity is used for the kitchen or common areas. I’m actually glad for the low lighting at the moment, since it hides the hot tears burning in my eyes. 
Why did Luke have to say those damned words again? Why did he have to bring up Sam? And how dare he tell me to get over it. Yeah, I'm well aware it has been a year and a half, but does he really think grief has a time limit? Just saying Sam's name in my head makes my heart tighten painfully in my chest. Wiping at the tears with the back of my hand, I scold myself for my weakness.
"Stop being a fucking crybaby and pull yourself together, you stupid bitch," I mutter to myself before stumbling upon the shadow lurking in the hallway by one of the rooms. I start at first, but the soft voice of Mrs. Darby floats through the murkiness.
"Is that you, Bix, dear? Are you talking to me? Sorry, I didn't quite make out what you said for I'm sure it couldn't possibly be what I thought I heard. You know me and my hearing."
In spite of my hurt and anger, I can't help but snort at the old lady. Mrs. Darby has the eyesight of a hawk and the keen hearing of a dog. Nothing happens in the Grand without her knowing about it. She plays the feeble old lady well, but it's a complete bullshit act. This is just her way of admonishing me for what she calls my “potty mouth.” 
"Sorry, Mrs. D," I call to her ruefully. "Didn't mean for you to hear that."
"Hmmm, yes, well if I had a dollar for every time you apologized for your unladylike behavior, I'd be a very wealthy woman. Is there something bothering you, dear?"
The kindness in her voice almost unravels me. But never one to show my pain, I replace it with anger like I always do.
"You mean other than the fact that we live in a shithole of a world, with fucking leeches around every corner wanting to feed on our insides? That most of our families and the rest of the world are already dead or infected by those fucking aliens? And that the few of us left still have to live with our share of dickheads and morons? Nah, nothing much bothering me at all, Mrs. D." Then I add in my best smartass voice, "Excuse my French."
I can feel her disapproval through the gloom.
"I may be old, young lady, but I know sarcasm when I hear it. And wise enough to know when someone is hurting. Why don't you come in, and I’ll make us some tea. I think I may still have a little honey stashed somewhere. Although don't tell Cookie. She'll be up here demanding every last drop, and you know how persuasive she can be."
 "Ha!" I sneer. Persuasive would not be the word I would have used. I have faced blood-sucking parasites and crazed killers over the years with less reservation than standing up to Maria "Cookie" Sanchez. She’s the only one in the Grand that can still make me shiver in terror with as little as a look. Mrs. D doesn’t have to worry about me telling Cookie a damn thing. I avoid her at all costs.
I soften a little at her offer of tea. I can be a real bitch at times, and I really don't deserve Mrs. D’s sincere concern for my welfare.
"Thanks, Mrs. D, but I can't. Not right now. I promised Amy a visit, and I want to catch her before she leaves for movie night. You know she’d never miss that." 
Mrs. Darby's soft laughter floats through the gloom, and I know she has forgiven my rudeness.
"Yes, Amy does get a little excited for movie night. Tell her I said hello. And tell her I have some new socks for her. You know how she loves new socks."
"Will do," I agree and move on, glad she’s not insisting on the offer of tea. Of all the things I’m feeling right now, sociable isn’t one of them.
I pass by others lounging about in the halls; some greet me with warm smiles and quick questions. I nod at everyone, but I don't stop to talk like I know they want me to. I don't blame their curiosity. They live behind these walls 24/7; their only contact with the outside world is the news we bring back from our trips. Being a hunter goes hand in hand with curiosity and admiration. Hunters are key to the Grand's survival. The others that live here know that and most don't have a problem showing their appreciation. We’re the providers of our extended family. The ones who scour the city, looking for any supplies that can be used. The ones who face the leeches, crazies, and cannibals on a daily basis, clearing the way for our transporters once a cache has been found. The ones who track down what is needed to survive, although that’s becoming a lot harder to do. 
Eight years have passed since the alien invasion. Since over half of the world's population were turned into blood-sucking parasites. Eight years of the city being picked over by us and the other small groups of banded survivors. 
Most of these groups we avoid like the proverbial pervy uncle at the family reunion. But there is one civilized group in the city, much like us, that we’ve struck up a trading system with. And just like we call the Grand our home, they’ve done the same at St. Joseph's Hospital on the other side of the city.
It took a while to earn each other’s trust, but we have our bartering system down to a science now. We trade them crops that we grow in the hotel's Olympic sized swimming pool and roof top hot tubs; they give us fish in return which they breed in their harvesting tanks. When we need medical supplies, we trade them the gut-burning hooch Jonesy brews in the hotel bar. Quid pro quo. We help each other survive. 
But then there are the other residents of the city not quite as neighborly. The ones that will slit your throat for a can of beans. Or worse still, strip the flesh itself from your bones. Meat is a rare commodity and in high demand. And these people have taken to finding their meat supply elsewhere other than from the dwindling animal kingdom. 
They’re the ones who scare me most of all. Far worse than any leech. More cunning and intelligent than the invaders, but their humanity long forgotten. People that were once our fellow survivors now turned to cannibalism. It’s enough to give anyone nightmares.
I climb the gloomy stairwell to the fifth floor, trying to clear my mind from all my terrible thoughts and anxiety. I need to get myself under control. Somehow Amy always knows when I'm upset, which in turn causes her to worry. And I don't want to upset her any more than I know she already will be.
The fifth and sixth floors, which have the bigger suites, house all the families with children that call the Grand home. Not only does it make sense, but any dangers that might possibly attack below will have to get through three floors of seasoned fighters before reaching the civilians. That's where Amy's room is as well. For some reason, visiting here always makes my heavy heart feel a little lighter.
I barely make it to the top of the stairs before I'm almost knocked ass backward as a bunch of kids flock me like seagulls at an ocean side McDonald's. How they always know I'm near is a mystery, but it's like they have a sixth sense about me. I growl in pretend anger as they swarm me and try to push them out of my way, but they don't take me seriously. They just laugh harder and crowd me, each trying to out yell the other.
"Did you bring us treats, Bix?"
"Did you kill lots of leeches out on your patrol?"
"Did you find any cats or dogs this time?"
"Is it true you guys met an infected bear?"
"Whoa, whoa, whoa...one at a time, okay?" I say, giving into my laughter. I slowly push my way through to the hall, but they hang off of me like spider monkeys, all gangly arms and legs. 
The yelling and questions continue until I finally hold up my hands in surrender.
"All right already! I'll answer two questions. No, we didn't see any cats or dogs and seriously, an infected bear? As for treats..." I pull the MRE cookies and candies out of my bag and throw the silver packets down the long hall. They release me, squealing in delight as they rush to claim their share of the goods. Their pure joy at the treats makes me laugh. Cookie would have a conniption if she saw me throwing food around like that. She guards the pantry like some pirate captain with his treasure chest. That thought alone makes it all the more fun.
Still chuckling to myself, I head toward room 512, which is Amy and Olivia's room. Liv is lounging outside the door, smoking what she calls Jonesy's “crap-ass excuse for tobacco.” It’s some kind of concoction of herbs and flower petals and smells like shit, to be honest. But Liv swears even though it’s a poor ass imitation of a real cigarette, smoking it is the only thing that keeps her sane. She gives me a lopsided grin, squinting one eye against the haze circling her head.
"You know you spoil those fucking little rug rats," she says, her voice low enough so they can't hear and pointing at them with her cigarette.
"Nice to see you too," I say, dropping a light kiss on top of her ash blonde head as I pass by. Out of all the survivors in the Grand, Amy and Olivia are the only two I allow to see my vulnerable side. Amy because, well, she's Amy. And Liv because she has been there from the start. Or the end. Whatever way you want to look at it.
She’d been part of the group that found me. The evening bartender just coming on duty at some dive bar when the invasion happened. Captain John Cooper had also been in that bar, drowning his sorrows at his recent breakup. They had been the only survivors out of the dozen or so other patrons. Lucky for Liv, Coop had a gun. Lucky for me, they decided to stick together and look for other uninfected.  
Liv had been the one Cooper handed me off to that fateful morning. She was the person who bandaged my cheek and treated my shock. The one who slowly brought me around after the impact of what happened had left me damaged and speechless. Not only did she heal me, but had been the biggest contributor to my now extensive vocabulary of choice words, though she would never in a thousand years admit to that. She was the closest thing I had to a mother for the past eight years.
"Good to see you back safe and sound kiddo," she says, following me into the small apartment and closing the door, blocking out the sound of the still howling kids. "How was the run?"
"Uneventful. Found next to nothing. Area 20 is empty. Picked clean. Hopefully, 21 will have more to offer. We did notice something strange, though. Usually that part of the city is crawling with leeches, since it's heavily populated by ravagers. But not this time. We barely saw any. It was weird. It was almost like..."
"Bix!" The shout from the bedroom drowns out the rest of my words. The door flies open with a crash, and Amy comes barreling through. Her round face is lit up with pleasure at seeing me. But before she makes it across the room, she falters and her smile fades. I can see her brain working overtime as she remembers she’s angry at me, and the smile is instantly replaced with a pout.
"You didn't come see me when you got back. You promised you would come see me as soon as you got back. Remember what we say about breaking promises?"
I sigh inwardly at her anger, even though I know I deserve it. You never break a promise to Amy.
"I know, and I'm sorry, Ames. Just the debriefing with Cooper took forever, and then we had to write up the report, and I was so tired and dirty..."
"You missed Sammy's birthday," she says solemnly. 
I falter at her words. I know I did. But how do I tell the childlike woman standing across from me that I’d done it on purpose? That I didn't have the strength or the guts to face a whole day of hashing over memories of the love I’d lost. That I’d chosen instead to spend the day avoiding all thoughts of Sam by being in the arms of another man. So I do what I usually do. I chicken out and don't say anything. The slanted eyes associated with her Down syndrome hold no accusation though, only sadness as we share the painful memory. Then, unexpectedly, the smile returns to her small mouth, and her stubby finger points my way.
"It's okay. Remember how he hated birthdays? He wouldn't have wanted us to do anything anyways. Remember, the only thing he said he liked about birthdays was cake."
She starts laughing at her recollection. Liv and I join in.
"Yeah, I remember," I say, my voice quiet. "He would eat the whole damn thing himself and practically bite our fingers off if we came anywhere near it. And he didn't even care that the cakes Cookie made him were like bricks. Didn't even want gifts; it was all about the cake." 
I choke slightly on my words, the pain back in my heart. I can't do this now, I think as I swallow the grief and cough. 
"Speaking of gifts," I say with an overly bright smile, changing the subject. I pick up my backpack, ignoring Liv's all-knowing look of sympathy and rummage through the bag. Amy's squeal almost busts an eardrum as she starts jumping up and down, clapping her hands excitedly.
"You found one? You found one!" Her voice reaches an octave that I'm sure only a dog can possibly hear as I pull the object out of my bag.
"Oh great," Liv moans. "Just what this place needs...more junk."
Amy doesn't pay her any mind; she is way too excited by the object she yanks out of my hands. To me, the crystal dragon looks no different from any of the dozens of others Sam and I had found over the years, but Amy is enthralled by it.
"Look, it has pink scales. And you can see its pink heart through its chest. It's a girl dragon for sure. Look Liv, isn't it beautiful?"
"It sure is, baby girl." Her smile is indulgent. "Almost as beautiful as you. Are you going to add it to your shelf?"
She nods without looking up, still twisting the figurine in her hands. "But after movie night I think. I wanna show it to Mrs. D and Cookie first. Hey, you think if I showed it to Jonesy he would play DragonHeart for movie night? I just love that movie."
Liv reaches out and affectionately strokes the black curls; so much like Sam's that it brings a lump to my throat. I look away, blinking against the tears. What the hell is wrong with me today?
"I told you before, honey, Jonesy doesn't have that movie."
"Well maybe Bix can get it for me. She always finds me dragons. Can you find DragonHeart for me, Bixby? Please?"
Her gray eyes stare up at me with such pleading. She has her brother’s eyes. I never could say no to his beautiful eyes either.
"I'm not making any promises, you hear. God forbid I break a promise to you. I'd never hear the end of it. But I'll keep my eyes peeled for it the next time we're out."
"Thank you," she says and wraps her arms around my waist, laying her curly head on my chest. I can't help but hug her back. Amy always did get me right in the feels. "I know you'll find it. Sammy always said you were the best hunter, and you could find anything."
Except for him, I think dully, withdrawing from her embrace as my old enemy guilt comes to visit once again. Amy doesn't seem to notice my mood change; however, as the clock on the fake mantel chimes loudly and causes her to jump.
"Geez, Liv, we better go. I don't wanna be late for movie night. All the best seats will be gone. You know I only--"
"Only like to sit in the front row. I know, I know. We don't want all those seats to be gone," Liv rolls her eyes at me over Amy's head, and I confine my laughter to a slight snort. If anybody can make me feel better, it's these two.
"Well, what are you waiting for? Go get your sweater so we can go. You know it's always cold down in the basement."
"Oh...right. I'll be right back," she announces to no one in particular.
Olivia watches her leave and then whirls on me with that irritating raised brow. I know that look, and I start shaking my head even before she opens her mouth.
"Don't start, Liv. Nothing’s wrong. I'm just tired is all."
Those sharp eyes of hers peruse me like they can see straight through into my soul.
"Mmm hmm. Tired. Another word for fucked silly? I know you and Luke haven't come up for air since you two got back yesterday."
"Jesus Liv, can you be any more vulgar?" I snap, but she just shrugs in response.
"I can...but I won't. And I'm not condemning you for your choice of fuck buddy. Luke is a fine specimen of a man. If I were ten years younger, I'd give you a run for your money. But something is bothering you and don't try to lie, because you tend to forget I know you better than you know yourself, Emma Bixby."
I did think about lying to her, but she’s right. I never could keep anything hidden from Liv. And just the use of my full name tells me she means business. She won't give up until I spill everything.
Sighing, I run a hand over the cropped side of my head.
"He said it again. Why does he do that? When everything seems to be going smooth he's gotta mess it up by saying those damn words. I told him right from the start that this was just straight sex--no strings attached."
Liv's muttered, "How romantic," increases my irritation. 
"That's just it. I don't want it to be a romance—or a relationship—or any of that shit. There's no place for that." I sigh again. "I don't know. Maybe I should just break it off. I don't want to encourage him into thinking things can be more between us when it can't."
"And why can't it?" she asks in true blunt Liv fashion. "You're already sleeping with the guy. Newsflash—that's called a relationship. And as I said, Luke is a fine man. You could do a hell of a lot worse. And oh, the horrors of him telling you he loves you. How terrible. Do yourself a favor, Bix, and leave Sam in the past where he belongs. Luke is your future, and if you don't lay claim to him, someone else will. I've seen the way some of the girls stare at him. He won't be short of lovers if you kick him to the curb, trust me on that. Life’s a hell of a lot shorter now than it used to be, and for the life of me, I can't understand why you're turning down a chance at happiness. Sam’s not coming back, Bix, so it's time you stop being a maudlin idiot and move on."
I don't get a chance to voice the angry rebuttal sitting on the tip of my tongue. Amy chooses that moment to saunter back into the room and Liv suddenly goes all fucking Mother Theresa again.
"All set, baby girl?" 
Amy nods happily in response.
"You going to movie night too, Bix?" she asks. I force a smile her way, even though smiling is the last thing I feel like doing right now. Liv's words have left me raw...not to mention pissed.
"Not tonight. I really need to shower and sleep. Next time, okay?" 
She narrows her eyes at me. "You promise?"
"Cross my heart," and I do just that. It seems to appease her.
"Think about what I said, Bixby," Liv throws my way as she ushers us both out into the hall, closing the door behind us.
I nod my head in agreement, but it's mainly just to shut her up. I can think about it all I want, but it doesn't mean I will ever accept what she's saying. A chance at happiness? That's a crock of buttered shit. Happiness doesn't exist anymore. Love, marriage, family—none of that fairy tale, happily-ever-after crap has a place in this new world. It barely existed in the old world—my mother and father were a testament to that. Now it’s damn well impossible to achieve. I had foolishly believed it possible once—never again. Giving your heart to someone. Loving them with all your soul when at any moment they could become leech food? Why even bother. It's much too painful. Nope, love isn't written in any stars for Emma Bixby ever again, and the sooner Luke got that crazy idea out of his head, the better.






CHAPTER FOUR

The shower does wonders for my temperament. Even though the showers are timed and shift back to an icy spray after barely two minutes, it lifts my spirits immensely. And nothing like being doused in ice cold water to help clear the mind.
I stand in front of the fogged mirror, clearing a circle in the condensation with the palm of my hand. A solemn, tanned face stares back at me. I study the weary face. Where Liv sees a maudlin fool, I see the face of a realist. I’m no longer that innocent, naive girl who’d come to the Grand eight years ago. The dorky little twit who’d felt totally alone in the world until she’d met the handsome, fourteen-year-old Sam McKinley and his big-hearted sister, Amy. The silly child who believed after meeting them that everything would be all right with the world. 
I never knew what Sam saw in me. To this day, I still don't get it. He’d been funny and lovable and so handsome with his black curls and those long-lashed, smoky gray eyes that could turn my knees to jelly. And then there was me. Sullen, sarcastic, plain Jane me. I mean, I guess the face in the mirror is all right. I'm no Quasimodo, but I sure as hell won't win any beauty pageants any time soon either.
Mossy green eyes stare back at me from a thin face with high cheekbones. Too long of a nose and too pointy of a chin, I’ve always felt. Auburn red hair--the bane of my existence when I was young-- is shaved completely above an ear on one side but hanging straight below my shoulder on the other. Oddly enough, the shaved part is on the side of my face with the scar. That ugly blemish that starts at my jaw and runs all the way up to my hairline. 
I used to hate the grotesque reminder of that horrible day when everything went to shit. But Sam had always been fascinated by it. He’d called it my strength mark. I always laughed when he said that. As much as it didn't bother him, he knew it bothered me fiercely. So much so, that I’d finally talked him into agreeing with Jonesy to tattoo me. I wasn't without my reservations on the matter. Jonesy’s tattoo experience was rumored to have been learned from his time spent in prison, which was contrary to his insistence that he previously worked in a tattoo parlor. But I figured what did I have to lose? Other than risking infection, he couldn't really mess up a scar. So I’d let him at my face. 
The result had been amazing. Instead of sporting a five-inch scar down the side of my face, I now had a galaxy of tiny black and white stars that ran all the way down my neck to my shoulder blade. Sam had chosen the stars. He said that although stars did eventually burn out, their lifespan was roughly ten billion years. About as long as our love would last. He was always spouting the cheesiest, corniest lines like that. And the tattoo he had gotten after seeing mine was the cheesiest of all. Intertwined rings with our names, Sam and Bix, right above his heart. As much as I razzed him about it, I secretly loved it. And I loved him. Truly and unconditionally. He had wormed his way into my heart, and being the fool that I was, I thought we would be together forever. Little did I realize at the time that nothing lasts forever. Except maybe a shattered heart.
Sticking my tongue out at my reflection, I give myself a mental shake. Maybe I am being a hokey fool. Must be Sam's birthday that has me dredging up all those old memories. Luke and Liv are right; I really need to let it go. Sam is gone. And I know I’ll probably never find out what happened to him and his group of hunters when they’d simply vanished that day, but one thing is for sure. If it were humanly possible and if Sam were still alive, he would’ve found a way to get back to me—and his sister. Seeing as it’s been eighteen months and that hasn't happened, there’s only one other alternative. I don't have closure, but I do need to have acceptance.
Leaving the bathroom, I make my way towards the bed. The floor of my tiny room is warm under my bare feet, heated by the last rays of the setting sun filtering through the dirt encrusted window. The bed calls to my fatigued body with the lure of a sirens song but I ignore it for a bit, drawn to the beauty of the orange painted sky below me. 
It has been only eight years since the world had been overrun with the leeches, but already the once thriving city has turned to ruin. Abandoned buildings line the street on the other side of the crudely erected steel and barbed wire wall beneath my window. Butterfly bushes grow out of the brick and mortar walls and busted out windows, a testament to the absence of people. Dandelions and weeds pepper the tarmac below me, creating the illusion of a field instead of a paved road. Where the weeds had encountered vehicles in their way, they had simply grown over them, forming decorations in this new garden. 
On the surface, it looks calm and serene. Mother Nature simply reclaiming what was once hers. But underneath the city is fraught with dangers. Gangs of violent ravagers, banded together by their desperation, troll our walls nightly waiting for their chance to get in. Leeches lurk in dark alleys, preying on the unsuspecting humans or animals that might stumble their way. Packs of wild dogs--no longer man's best friend--hunt us just as ferociously as the invaders themselves. The city is a cesspool of perils. I wonder which one had taken down Sam and his group? 
Bang! Bang! Bang! 
The pounding on my door startles the crap out of me. I bolt away from the window, slamming my bare toes into the bedside table. The pain is excruciating, and I don't even try to hold back on the profanities falling from my lips.
"I'm coming. Hold your horses," I yell at the door, but the banging continues. Limping across the room, I glance down to ensure the towel is tied tight around my body. Checking that nothing is hanging out that shouldn't be, I open the door. 
I find Luke leaning against my doorframe, arms crossed. He appears cool and collected, a complete turn-around from the state I’d left him in earlier. I notice he shaved and showered since I left him, but I figure the cold shower had only done him a favor.
His eyes move over me slowly, taking in my state of undress and scorching my skin. As much as I hate myself for it, that familiar throbbing stirs in my lower regions under his gaze. It makes my words come out a lot harsher than intended.
"Why don't you take a fucking picture; it would last longer."
To my surprise, he grins. "Classy-as always. And a picture won't keep me warm at night when you decide to give me the cold shoulder, like you're doing right now."
Rolling my eyes, I attempt to slam the door in his face. I'm in no mood for kiss and make-up time. I'm still pissed at him, but he sticks his foot in the door and it bounces back open.
"As much as I would like it to be, this isn’t a social visit. Get dressed. Cooper wants us downstairs in five."
I wasn't expecting that.
"What? Why? We’re supposed to be off duty for four more days yet."
"Wasn't told why. All I know is he wants us downstairs, ASAP."
"Dammit," I mutter as I manage to slam the door on him this time without even so much as a goodbye. There went the sleep I was so looking forward to. Still limping, I make my way to my sad excuse of a dresser and struggle to tug on clean denims and a tee over my damp body. Pulling wool socks over my feet (courtesy of Mrs. D), I shove them into my badly worn boots. I make a mental note to find myself another pair and soon. These are falling apart, even if they are comfy as hell. Attaching both knife sheaths to my belt, I get ready to go, but on second thought I go back to the cupboard. Rummaging through, I find Sam's old green army coat. Throwing on the over-sized jacket, I roll up the long sleeves and can't help myself as I bury my nose in the collar. Even though my mind says it's impossible, my heart fools me into thinking his scent is still in the old piece of cotton and I breathe it in deeply. It calms me in some way. 
Running my hands through my still damp hair and slicking it back from my face, I’m ready to move. One of the few advantages of being a young woman in a world that’s gone to hell? No one gave a shit as to how you look.
To my surprise, Luke is still waiting calmly outside my door. The man did not take offense easily, I give him that. He eyes me up and down but says nothing as he falls in step with me. We match our strides down the long hall.
"So you really don't know what this is about?" I ask, and he answers with a shake of his head. I can't help but worry. Cooper is a real stickler when it comes to us having our off duty days. He says we need the time to unwind so as not to burn out. Something serious must be up for him to call us back early.
"Did Kelly's group come back unexpected? Maybe they found something in area 19?"
"Could be," he says. "Though, I would have heard if they were back."
We walk a bit more without saying a word. Finally, I glance at him sideways, his silence surprising me a little. We hadn't parted on the best of terms earlier, and Luke is all about getting your feelings out in the open and all that shit. It annoys me to no end.
"You don't wanna talk about what happened earlier?"
He keeps staring straight ahead and his voice is wooden as he answers, "No point. I can always tell when you need me to back off. Soon as you start wearing that damned jacket, I know I'm pushed to the side...again."
I pull up short in the middle of the hall and stare at his shadowed profile in the flickering light.
"What the hell does that mean?"
"Exactly what I said. As soon as I start getting too close, you bring Sam's ghost between us. Lucky for you I'm a patient guy, Bix."
"Bullshit. It's just a jacket for Pete's sake. Sam's ghost my ass."
"Mm-hmm," he throws over his shoulder as he keeps walking. I hurry to catch up, not done with this conversation.
"Mm-hmm? What's that supposed to mean?"
"Usually it's meant as a form of agreement..."
"I know what 'mm-hmm' means, dickwad," I growl at him, and he finally stops to look at me.
"Then why you ask?"
"I meant, why you agreeing with me? Because I know you don't agree with me. You're just agreeing to agree, since you don't want me to be mad about you disagreeing."
His bark of laughter resonates from deep in his gut.
"What? That doesn't even make sense."
"Oh, it makes perfect sense. I know you're just playing the dumb blonde again."
"Likeeee totally, fer sure," he says in his best Valley girl impersonation, and I can't help it. I start laughing. Hearing that voice come from the 250 plus pound gorilla in front of me, it kills me. I never could stay mad at Luke for long...and dammit he knows it.
"I love the sound of your laugh," he says in a quiet voice. I stop chuckling and glare at him sideways.
"What? I can't even say it about your laugh now?"
Fortunately, Gordon flies up the stairs towards us nearly tripping over his own damn feet and interrupts my biting retort.
"Guys, come on," he yells, his red face almost matching his hair with his exertion. "Cooper is asking for the two of you."
We hurry our pace at the boy's words. Cooper is not someone you want to keep waiting. And to be quite honest, I welcome the interruption. I don't want to hash this over again.
"What’s going on, Gordo? You know anything?" 
"Only that something happened with Kelly's group. Not sure, but if it's enough to have Cooper worried..."
I get the gist. Cooper doesn't get hot under the collar about much; he’s the proverbial cool cucumber. My worry increases, and I take the stairs two at a time, eager to get to command.
***
We’re the last to arrive. I feel Cooper's bright eyes on us as soon as we enter what had once been one of the many conference rooms in the hotel. It still had the little gold 'B' sign on the door. Someone had written in black marker 'ase command' after the B. Not very elegant but official enough. Every decision and every move we make is talked through and planned here in this room. Sam used to say the B stood for Bullshit. He never was one to stand for authority much.
"About time," Cooper growls from behind the metal desk where he normally sat, his arms folded across his chest in impatience. We don't bother to give him an excuse; he doesn't expect or want one. The unspoken words say it all. "When I say five, I mean five...not fifteen."  
Guilt forces my eyes away from his piercing stare. John Cooper is the reason I’m still alive, and I hate displeasing him; even if it is for something as trivial as being late to a meeting.
The rest of the crew are already here; Badger, Cal, and Dom, plus the regular five council members who demand to be privy to everything, including Cookie. Her beady dark eyes stare at us with disapproval, and I feel myself shrink a little bit more. Damn, I swear that woman could shrivel a grape to a raisin with that look. 
Cookie had been one of the original occupants of the Grand and the first to greet us on our arrival years ago. We were a scared group of survivors lured to the old hotel by a radio transmission and the promise of safety. I remember most of us wanting nothing to do with the hotel. Jaded by our inability to find a safe haven, and attacked too many times by other groups wanting our hard-earned supplies, we had all believed it sounded like a trap. But Cooper, the optimist that he was, had talked us into it. He said we had to learn to trust again. So he’d packed up his group of survivors, myself included, and had headed for the Grand. If I had known she would be the one waiting for us, I probably wouldn't have come.
She had taken one look at my tear-stained face and had snarled at me with her thick accent, "Stop crying! Be brutal, be tough. War means fighting and fighting means killing. You must learn this, girl; else you will not live to see another year."
I mean, who says that kind of shit to a twelve-year-old? But as much as her advice had terrified me at the time, it had worked. Best advice ever. But I would never tell her that. She would probably just whack me on the head with her wooden spoon and tell me to stop talking shit. 
The woman's tough side is just as impressive as her ability to take whatever supplies we have on hand and turn them into palatable meals. No one can hold a candle to Cookie in the kitchen. Sometimes I truly believe that’s the only reason they let her stay here, because it sure as hell has nothing to do with her sunny disposition. Doesn’t surprise me in the least she’s now head of the council.
         I avert my eyes from Cookie, checking out the rest of the bodies in the room. Kingsley, head of the gate guards and a couple of his people, plus the two responsible for manning the shortwave radios. What are their names again? Lois and Roy I believe. What are they doing here? They’re never usually at any of our meetings. What’s going on? I don't have to wait long to find out.
"Sorry to call you all back on active duty, but we have an issue. As some of you may or may not know, Lois and Roy received a distress call earlier today from St. Joseph's."
Murmuring interrupts Cooper as some of us express our concern. Distress calls—never a good sign of anything. Cooper holds up his hands to silence us. He waits until the ruckus stops.
"Lois, can you tell us all what you heard?"
The pale woman stands up, and her eyes dart nervously about the room. He hands flutter at her sides like she's not sure what to do with them. She finally pushes them into the pockets of her denims and hunches her shoulders before speaking.
"Yes, well like Cooper said, earlier this morning we received a call from someone claiming to be from the St. Joseph's group. He was...well he wasn't making much sense. He was screaming for help. Screaming they were being attacked. I asked who he was. I've never spoken to him before. I mean, I always deal with Karen or Dwayne...," she trails off, and Cooper encourages her on with a wave of his hand. She takes a deep breath. "He was in shock I think...maybe...just yelling for help over and over. Then I heard some sort of crash and then screaming and...," she closes her eyes, like she was still hearing it in her head. Shaking her head, she continues, "After the screaming stopped there was nothing. Just silence. I haven't been able to raise anyone since. No response from St. Joseph's at all."
Cooper nods at her, and she sits back down, the relief evident on her face. She was starting to look a little green around the gills.
"Are you positive the call was from St. Joseph's?" Cookie's clipped accent fills the room. "It is not the first time they have tried to trick us, no?"
Typical Cookie and her trust-no-one attitude.
"We’re positive this is no trick," Cooper responds. "But to be on the safe side, we asked Kelly's group to go check it out. They were only a couple of hours away from St. Joseph's. We relayed to them our need to know what happened. We asked them to investigate if the call was legit and to find out if St. Joseph’s was compromised in any way.  And if they did find a threat, determine if it would affect the Grand at all. That message was sent out over six hours ago. Other than our initial response from them confirming the order, we haven’t heard back from Kelly or anyone else since."
Cooper stops talking and stares at us all as the words sink in. Radio silence. A big no-no for hunters. Our very survival depends on our radios at times. We're always supposed to be in contact with home base. No radio contact for over six hours means something is definitely wrong. That's why we’re here.
"When do we leave?" I ask as Cooper struggles to his feet, leaning heavily on the silver-tipped cane he kept by his side at all times now. It still hurts a little to see the strong, healthy man I once knew now reduced to hobbling his way around on a cane. But at least he’s alive. 
The injury had resulted from a run in with a leech three years ago on a hunting trip. He’d left camp for a brief minute to take a leak of all damn things. Cooper had been standing in the dark, only half awake, when the leech had taken him by surprise. He’d heard it lunge at him and swerved at the last minute before the leech could rip out his throat. Off balance he had fallen, and the creature had attacked. Cooper tried to roll out of the way, but the thing’s teeth had gotten a huge chunk of his calf. Seriously injured, he’d managed to hold off the snapping razors with his bare hands and call out for help. Sam had been the one to take out the leech. A blade straight through the heart. 
That seemed to be the only thing that killed the bastards quick enough. Experimenting on cadavers had shown us that the alien parasite had two main arteries or growths that attached to the host body's heart and brain. Shooting the host elsewhere or cutting the throat, the creature still manage to live for a time after, even if its host died. But trauma to the heart always killed it immediately. We aren't sure why, since no one at the Grand is an expert in alien physiology. But it appears that whatever life force these aliens possess, it seems to be centralized in the host heart. So we no longer waste time elsewhere. We learned quickly and in any fight, go for the heart.
Though Sam had saved Cooper from becoming fodder, the injury had almost done him in. Infection had set in almost immediately, and the closest we had to a doctor at the Grand was a pediatric nurse. She was determined to save him. It had been touch and go with Cooper for days, but the one thing in his favor was that he was a stubborn bastard. He hadn't given up. He pulled through, though he would never walk without the cane again. The leech had taken Cooper out of the field, but it hadn't taken him, and I was extremely grateful for that.
He limps around to the front of the desk and sits on it with a heavy thud, crossing his hands over the top of the cane.
"You will be leaving right away. You six will lead Kingsley and his men to St. Joseph's. No one knows the city like you hunters. Your job is to get them there quickly and in one piece. Once there, they will assess the situation and eliminate whatever threat you may find. Whatever it is, we cannot have it make its way back to the Grand. Understood?"
A chorus of "Yes Sir!" accompanies his words.
"Report back immediately. Whatever happened at St. Joseph's this morning ...well, we need to know where we stand." He sighs and tugs at the little chin beard that’s turned from brown to gray over the years since I've known him. "No radio contact with Kelly has me worried. It doesn't look good folks. Though I pray to God I'm wrong about the whole situation, and that the worst this means is a couple of busted radios."
I find myself hoping the same, but the knot in my belly says otherwise. Besides, God’s been pretty amiss with answering prayers lately. 
"Get what you need, meet back here in twenty. Cookie already has your packs prepared. You move out soon as everyone is ready." 
"No disrespect, Sir, but don't you think it would be a better idea to wait until morning?" This from Kingsley, and I can see some of my crew roll their eyes in disgust. Guards.
"We know this city like the back of our hand, Kingsley. Traveling at night gives us better cover from the ravagers, not to mention the fact that leeches seem to move slower at night. Sometimes a slower moving leech is the difference between life and death out there." I try not to make it sound condescending, but I don't think I succeed. I can tell by the way Kingsley's eyes move over me in anger, but Cooper thankfully backs me up.
"Bixby is right. Plus, we don’t have a moment to lose on this, so move, all of you. Time is of the essence."
No one else questions the man as he stands once more, leaning on the cane. I wait until the others leave the room, ignoring Luke's questioning look at my dallying and Dom's usual sneer as he passes by. I even ignore Cookie’s “we will talk” glare. Shit! Did she find out about the MRE packs I’d given to the kids? No time to worry about that now. I need to talk to Cooper alone.
His sigh carries weight as he finally looks over at me.
"Did you just not hear me, Bix? Why are you still standing here," he says as soon as the door closes on the last back. I dive straight into what’s bothering me.
"Why are you sending the guards along on this gig? We can move much quicker without dragging those area newbs along, you know that."
"I do know that. I also know that Kingsley's men are the best sharp shooters we have, and Kingsley himself has a unique set of skills needed for this job. This will be no ordinary hunting mission. It may be a search and destroy. Hunters alone cannot handle that. So suck up any issues you have with the Guards. You're gonna have to learn to play along with the boys for the next few days."
"S&D's are our specialty. Come on, Coop, we don't need those guys along. We can do this on our own."
"For Christ's sake, Bixby, can you ever not question an order?" He glares down his nose at me, and I'm shocked to see a spark of fear in his eyes. At first I think he's going to say more, but then shutters drop down over the spark and he becomes Captain John Cooper again. "We don't have time to lose. Kingsley will fill you in more on the way. Now move out. End of discussion."
I do as he says because I know that steel tone. I’ve been on the receiving end of it before. His mind is made up and there’s nothing I can say that will change it. So I obey, but I’m not without reservation. There’s something he’s not telling me.
 Just as I'm about to open the door, he calls to me softly. "Bixby?" I look back over my shoulder. "Stay safe, kid."
The fear is back in his eyes, and it ties my stomach in knots. Anything that can scare John Cooper is truly something to be afraid of. Even more so than Cookie.






CHAPTER FIVE

The night's blanket of blackness breaks only in spots by the moon’s feeble attempt to fight its way through the thick cloud cover. Not a good night to be on the road. I know I told Kingsley that hunters prefer to travel at night, but moonlight is still our most valuable asset. Although we move quickly in shadow, no moonlight at all makes it that much harder to see the things lying in wait for us. And there are always plenty of those.
St. Joseph's is located on the other side of the city, which is a good two days walk. One and a half if we really push it--no rest periods. Though I knew Luke would never let us do that. He believes no sleep makes us sloppy. So over the years, we had set up safe zones that were hidden all over the deserted city. One of those is our destination at the moment. A halfway point of where we need to be. 
We move on silent feet in the dark, in and out of shadows like we’re part of the night. The six of us can probably do this with our eyes shut, but we slow it down some for Kingsley and his men. I try not to hold a grudge against their lagging behind. Just because this is our playing field doesn't mean they should be as sure footed. I shouldn't blame them. They’re no hunters, but they protect the Grand and its occupants every day from invasion. They do their part, so I try to keep my patience.
We would be a hell of a lot quicker if driving was an option any more, but it’s not. The invasion had occurred during rush hour traffic. The mist had rapidly obscured the city, bringing to a standstill the already congested streets. People had unwittingly stumbled from their vehicles, curious as to the glittering clouds. Those who hadn't been infected right away had soon become the prey. Bodies had littered the streets with their jugulars torn out and bloating in the summer heat. The stench had been overwhelming; the smell of death rampant in the air for at least two months or more. Like any dead thing, the bodies had eventually decomposed or been eaten away by scavengers. The occasional dried out skeleton littering the streets was the only evidence they had even existed. That and their piles of rusting metal. 
We tried at one point over the years, to clear the streets to make it easier to transport our supplies back to the Grand, but it had been a futile effort. 
Cleared streets simply scream cargo route to those waiting to ambush us, and the thrumming engine of a moving vehicle brings the leeches in droves, which would be okay if we could move at a decent speed. But having to crawl our way through the streets, the fucking leeches move faster than we do. So we walk.
 Walking is a bit of an asset, really. Cutting through abandoned apartment buildings and shopping malls sometimes cut blocks off of our travels. And you never know when you might find a surprise nugget hidden in some undiscovered cache. 
I should be exhausted and dragging my feet, but the spring in my step is unmistakable. Even though I’ve been awake for almost eighteen hours now, and I know it would be at least another ten before we stop, I don't feel the least bit tired. Being out in the field always does that to me. I feel invigorated. Renewed. Like this is the only time I truly feel alive. Living on the edge appeals to me, and adrenaline is my drug of choice. Some understand where I'm coming from--most don't. They don’t get why I enjoy being out here so much, and I really can't give them an answer. They chalk it up to craziness. I hear the whispers; people question my mental stability behind my back. It doesn't bother me. I question it all the time. Maybe I am crazy. But I believe to survive in this fucking world now, you have to be at least a little crazy. Hell, a whole lot crazy helps you cope even better. I look over at Gordon, and he grins at me, giving me thumbs up. He’s enjoying this as much as me. I take comfort in the fact that the kid’s probably just as mad as I am.
A slight thump and shuffle from the alley up ahead catches our attention. I bring up sharply as Luke raises a hand in the air. My heartbeat quickens as my eyes--now accustomed to the dark--search for the source of the noise. In normal times, a thump in the night could be accounted to a stray dog or a raccoon foraging for its nightly meal, but these aren't normal times. The majority of animals that inhabit this city now are of the two legged variety. 
Luke motions us back, and we melt into the shadows of the building cornering the alley. If it is leeches, they'll stumble out eventually once they get a whiff of us. If it’s something else, then we'll have to be more careful. Noises in an alley that we have no choice but to go through screams nothing but trouble. 
Dropping my backpack into the building's shadow, I pull my Bowie knives. They feel comforting in my hands, like old friends. I hold the left one blade up, but the right knife I twirl easily with a practiced flick of the wrist so it's facing blade down. Whether it is crazies or leeches, I have a system for dealing efficiently with both. The knives are my weapon of choice. With their 12-inch broad blades and the clip point at the top, they offer me perfect control for thrusting attacks. A quiet and lethal weapon. 
The boys prefer their guns. Ironically enough in a world where food and medical supplies are running frighteningly short; there are plenty of guns to be found. Luke's preference is his .44 AutoMag. He tries all the time to talk me into carrying one, but guns and I just don’t get along. Every time I hold one, my father’s mutilated head is all I can see and I can't shoot it. Talk about fucked up.
My keen ears pick up the unusual movements coming from the alley, and my body tingles in anticipation. There’s gonna be a fight. I smile into the darkness, flexing my fingers rhythmically on the titanium handles as I crouch into my attack position. Luke holds up three fingers to Kingsley, motioning with them to the hulking remains of a sideways transit bus in the overgrown street, which is partially blocking the alley. Kingsley gets the message. He and his guys sprint around the back of the bus, so they can come out behind of whatever is about to emerge.
We don't have long to wait. The shuffling picks up and wet gurgling sounds float through the air. Leeches alright. I never could figure out what that sound was. I'm not sure if it’s their form of communication or just the sound of the leech tearing from its host's throat. Whatever it is, it's a wet, thick sound and makes me want to gag every time I hear it.
Before the invasion I had been a huge zombie fan. I couldn't get enough of those stupid undead movies and comic books and shit. I lived and breathed it. Leeches kind of remind me of those zombies I used to adore. Torn flesh with strips of face meat hanging off. Exposed bone and teeth around the mouth from giving birth to the leech. No rotting or decomposing bodies, since technically the hosts were still very much alive, just torn and irrevocably damaged flesh. Clothing hanging in tattered shreds, whether it had been the finest of silk or pauper’s cloth. 
But that's where the similarities end. In the movies, the zombies move with all the speed of a sloth but these leeches are fast. Very fucking fast. As soon as they get a scent, they morph into Kentucky Derby race horses, and if you’re not prepared you become fodder. Plain and simple. We think nighttime slows them down some; however, the horde emerging from the alley right at this exact moment doesn't appear to have gotten the memo. They have our scent all right, and they’re advancing like sailors on a whorehouse. I can hear Cal's softly muttered "Damn" from behind, and I can't help but throw over my shoulder, "Okay newb--let’s see you earn that nickname of Lucky."
There's no time for much else. The smell hits us then, and I can hear Cal gagging. Just because they aren't rotting corpses doesn't mean they don't stink to high heaven. The combined odors of old blood, decaying meat, unwashed bodies, and excrement hits us like a wall, and I can feel my own stomach churning. It’s a small mercy my adrenaline overcomes the urge to puke. 
"Come on, mothafucka’s!" I hear Dom scream as I rush by him, and the shot he fires whizzes by my ear with a high-pitched whine. I duck on instinct.
Stupid sonofabitch. He nearly blew my head off.
He hits the leech barreling our way straight in the heart—a perfect shot. It falls at my feet, but another runs him over in a frenzy to get at me. In one swift motion, my left knife swoops upwards, sinking into the torn flesh of the creatures chin. It impales the snapping worm almost down to the hilt, preventing it from moving at my throat. Without losing stride, my right hand arcs down, driving that blade straight into the heart of the creature. The leech wiggles for a bit in distress before realizing its blood flow has diminished. It dies quickly. I yank my knives out, oblivious to the cacophony of shouts and shots, intent only on my next target. 
The next to fall at my hands is a young blonde girl. Probably no older than me. I can't help but feel that familiar stab of guilt as I pierce her through the heart. The same thought enters my head like always. These things had been human once. Are they still human? They aren't undead or mutated creatures; they’ve simply been taken over by a vile parasite. Is the human still inside, trapped in a nightmarish world? Since they can't very well talk, I guess we’ll never know. It does nothing to ease my guilt.
I swerve at movement in my peripheral, raising my arm in defense. The sharp blades of the leech’s yawning mouth clamps down on the metal arm guards I always wear in the field. The attack causes me to stumble back, and I trip over the blonde chick I just took out. The damn creature is still attached to my arm though, and I pull it with me as I go down.
"Get off me, you fucker!" I scream as it falls on top of me. Pulling the knife up quickly between us, I let gravity take over as the knife pierces its chest, and I hope to God it hits the heart. The thing squirms on top of me, and the smell of it this close makes me puke in my mouth. The leech’s grip on my arm relaxes as I watch the human face above me go slack. Its life force drains away. A mixture of black blood and bile, and I'm not quite sure what, drips through the festering open wound that was once the dead thing’s cheek and plops dangerously close to my mouth.
"Ugh," I yell in disgust as I pull a knee up between us and push the thing off of me with the bottom of my boot, dislodging my knife. Rolling from underneath it, I bounce back to my feet. No time for my revulsion right now. A wasted second can be the difference between life and death.
"Bix?" Luke cries out. 
I answer back with, “Behind you!"
For such a big man, he dives without effort away from the two creatures about to have him as a Scooby snack. Both leech heads swivel in unison, following his descent. Before they can make a move on him, shots from behind take them both down. Kingsley doesn't wait for any accolades. He and his men disappear into the alley, and I hear more shots as they find the latecomers to the party.
I spin around quickly, blades ready for their next target, but nothing else seems to be standing other than us. Lowering my knives, I let my shoulders relax and even out my breathing. My eyes automatically search for Luke, checking if he’s okay. He leaps to his feet with catlike grace, sending a quick nod at my unspoken question. Mollified, I search for the rest of my crew. Badger and Cal are busy retrieving our backpacks from where we’d dropped them, but Gordon is running my way and grinning like an idiot. His classic double take when he sees me hits me right in the funny bone.
"Err, you’ve got a little something gross on your face there, Bix." He mutters in repugnance, pointing at his own cheek.
I laugh and wipe at my face with my sleeve.
"How many did you take down?" I question, knowing full well that’s the cause of his excitement.
"Six," he answers with a cocky smile, looking down at the ground. "And you had what? Three? Really, Bix? That's pitiful."
Cal and Badger join us. The new guy looks slightly shell-shocked, and I kind of feel sorry for him. Besides his training, this is probably his first real encounter with a horde. Not something he will easily forget.
"You did good," I say as I slap him on the shoulder and relieve him of my pack. My next comment is aimed at Gordon.
"You too, kid. But the night’s only young, so don't be cocky. Come on, let’s catch up with Kingsley. Can't let him have all the fun now, can we?"
Cal appears a little taken aback at our nonchalant attitude, but I don’t take offense.  He’ll come to the realization soon enough. If you think about it too much, it’ll eat you alive. That’s if they don’t eat you first. So you don’t think about it--you just do it. We leave him staring after us, mouth agape as my fellow ginger and I hurry off giggling like two giddy school girls.
If I had any reservations left about Kingsley and his men joining us in the field, they're now laid to rest. We find them casually sitting on a crumbled stone wall, looking like they’ve nothing better to do than smoke Jonesy's crap ass cigs. Eight or more leech carcasses are piled up in the street.
"About time you showed up," Kingsley says, flicking the lit ember away and jumping down off the wall. 
"Well, don't look like you needed our help," Luke drawls as we look over the carnage.
"No, didn't need your help, but do need your opinion on something. Take a look at those leeches ...what do you see?"
The moon has finally won its battle with the clouds. After walking in darkness all night, this glow is almost as bright as early morning.
"I see a bunch of dead fucks, is what I see," Dom says in his best bored voice, and I turn on him with an irritated glare. He best not think I've forgotten his almost shooting me back there.
Kingsley's response is a bit more civilized.
"Look again," he says calmly enough, but I pick up on the strain in his voice. It worries me. So I look closer as do the others. Luke is the first to notice.
"Their clothing. It's not ripped apart and filthy like they’ve been wearing it for the past eight years. It's still in decent condition like..."
"Like they've only recently been infected. Very recently. By the condition of their clothes, probably just days ago I'm guessing."
I stare at Kingsley like I didn't quite hear right.
"But... that's impossible. I mean, the infections all happened that very first day. I haven't seen or heard of anyone who survived the first day being taken over after. I figured—we all figured—if you weren't infected the first day, you were immune somehow."
"That was the general consensus, yes. But something’s changed. There's no way this bunch have been playing host to those parasites for the past eight years. They look too fresh."
Kingsley's words chill me deep in my bones. Is it true? Are the aliens somehow infecting us again? And how? There's been no report of that strange mist since the invasion years ago. Have they learned to pollinate or is it now conveyed through a different medium? The thought of the black drippings that had fallen on me earlier sends a shiver crackling up my spine, and I wipe my cheek roughly with the back of my hand.
A terrifying, echoing yell shatters the night’s silence. I jump in fright, my heart slamming into my ribs. That damn screaming never fails to unnerve me no matter how many times I hear it.
"Ravagers," Luke says, glancing back the way we had come. "And close. They must have heard our little gun fight. They're on the way. Probably hoping to find some carcasses to pick over. We better move out. We're not far off from a safe zone; I'm thinking we should lay low for the night."
Another yell follows the first, and we head out without another word. Our discovery has rattled us for sure because if what Kingsley says is true, then God help us. And He’d better be listening this time.






CHAPTER SIX

The old, dilapidated leather factory had been the producer of a top-of-the-line sneaker in its heyday. A multi-million dollar business. Now it just looks sad in the predawn light.
 Hulking monstrosities of machinery loom in the shadows like ghostly dinosaurs just waiting to be brought back to life by workers that no longer exist. Half the ceiling has long since caved in and now litter the floor with bits of steel, broken tile, and glass that crunch under our feet as we walk. Graffiti covers the remaining walls, featuring dire warnings of doom and death and end of the world predictions along with passages from Revelations. One budding artist, Rocky according to his tag, has even done a very lifelike spray painting of a leech erupting from a person's throat with all the exploding blood and gore that accompanies it. His message underneath simply reads, “We are fucked.” 
No shit, Sherlock, I think as I read the message for the umpteenth time. Like always I find myself wondering what happened to Rocky. Had he found a place to survive or had he, in his own words, been fucked? I guess I’ll never know. But if I ever come across a survivor someday with that moniker, I’m sure as hell gonna ask how handy he is with a can of spray paint.
We stop in front of the rickety stairs leading up to the office. Luke and Badger pull away the heavy metal shelf placed strategically across the bottom steps, just enough so we can squeeze by. To any outsider it looks like it had simply toppled over, but for us it’s a security measure. 
"Gordo, check the seal," Luke orders, and the boy nimbly climbs the ten steps to the metal door.
"Still intact," he calls down. I breathe a sigh of relief. An intact seal means it hasn't been breached by other survivors or ravagers, and that nothing is lying in wait for us on the other side of that door. Plus it means none of our supplies have been looted. 
Each of our safety zones are set up with anything and everything we need when out on patrol. That in turn keeps what we carry in our backpacks down to a bare minimum, so we can move faster. This includes sleeping bags. As pumped as I was at the run in with the leeches, the past 24 hours are catching up with me and all I can think about now is sleep. 
We take the stairs one at a time, not trusting it to support all of our combined weight. By the time I make it up Luke already has the lamp lit, so I go to work on setting up the paint can heater/stove he taught me to make. Simple enough. It consists of a roll of toilet paper with the cardboard center removed and stuffed into an empty paint can and then saturated with rubbing alcohol. It burns amazingly well, is smoke free, and safe enough for us to use inside to keep us warm in the drafty old building.
Toilet paper and rubbing alcohol. They rank up there on our list of priorities along with any sort of food product when out on patrol. Who would’ve thought that finding a stash of ass wipe could be almost as exciting as winning a lottery back in the old days? Kind of funny if you think about it.
As soon as I have a nice flame burning, I put the metal grill over the top. Badger plunks a tin pot full of water on it and then throws in a couple of chunks of Cookie's dried herb and veggie concoction. It tastes like shit, but the hot soup always fills our grumbling stomachs, so none of us complain too much. Well that and the fact we don't dare complain in case word got back to Cookie. Nobody wants to face that wrath.
We eat in silence sitting around the makeshift heater, our ears alert for any sound of ravagers having followed us, but it remains quiet. My mind keeps hashing over what Kingsley suggested and wondering if it has any connection with what happened at St. Joseph’s. Hell, maybe those leeches are the people from St. Joseph’s. My mind won't let go of this idea, and finally I voice it out loud to the others. Kingsley stares at me over the flickering flames.
"Anything’s possible," he responds quietly to my words.
Gordon stops slurping his soup and looks up. 
"You think so, Kingsley? What really happened at St. Joseph's? Do you even know?"
Luke chimes in. "Maybe we all should get some rest first before we dive into that can of worms. It's been a long night, and I'm sure we'll think better after some shuteye."
"No," I say with my customary stubbornness. "Cooper said Kingsley would fill us in en route. Now is a good time. How do you expect us to get any sleep with the idea of newly infected bouncing around in our heads? Coop knew more about St. Joseph's than he was willing to admit, isn't that right, Kingsley?"
I omit mentioning the fear I’d seen in Cooper's eyes. Most of us consider that man a legend. I didn't want to tarnish him with his show of weakness, as much as it had scared me. I'm hoping Kingsley can shed some light on the reason for that fear.
The man in question takes his time sipping his soup, not even looking at us. Almost as if he doesn't know where to start. Finally decision made, he raises his eyes.
"Lois left out some of the story. She called us in--Coop and me--as soon as she heard that distress call. The guy was screaming like she said, but he was screaming about monsters. Not ravagers or leeches. Monsters. And there was something else. There was this sound I've never heard a leech make before. You could hear it above the guys screaming. You could hear it as the poor sonofabitch was being ripped apart. I don't know why we could hear it. Maybe his mic was locked on. Maybe it stayed in his hand right up until he died. The radio went silent after that. We thought it was over. But then...then it came back on for a split second, and I can't be sure but I swear we heard the words 'You next.'"
Gordon puts his tin cup down like he’s suddenly lost his appetite. 
"You next? Like in the Grand is next?" he asks, with bug eyes.
"I can only assume."
"So was it ravagers?" I ask. Then more firmly, "Well, it had to be. No leech has the smarts to speak, let alone operate a radio. But how the hell did ravagers get inside? St. Joseph's defenses were just as good, if not better than our own."
"No, that's the scary part. I don't think it was ravagers at all. You had to have heard this voice—these sounds. They weren't human. I'm certain."
At first I think Kingsley is just shittin' with us. But then I see his face. 
"You think it was leeches? But leeches can't fucking talk," Dom says, and for the first time in a long time, his words aren't filled with his usual arrogance. 
"No leech we’ve ever met, no. But Cooper and I think this is something entirely new. Some new form, some mutation of these leeches, maybe? We know they assimilate to their host bodies’ senses. They use their sense of smell, sight, and hearing. Why can't they have assimilated their intelligence as well over the years? It would make sense..."
"Nothing about this makes any sense," I interrupt, refusing to believe our shit situation can get any worse. "You said the St. Joseph's dude was screaming about monsters. Ravagers dressed in their attack skins would look like a monster to anyone not used to seeing them. Right?"
I look around at the others, desperately seeking their agreement. But no one agrees.
"So you believe we’re dealing with a totally new evolved strain of this parasite," Luke speaks slowly, as if he doesn’t want any misunderstanding in the slightest.
"I do," Kingsley answers.
"And that this new strain has the ability to think, speak, and to infect new hosts?"
Kingsley nods in response, and my pent up breath escapes in a low groan. Great. Just what we need.
"Fuck me," Gordon whispers, wrapping his arms around himself as if warding off a sudden chill. 
I can't help but shiver myself. If what Kingsley believes is true, if there’s a smarter breed of leech, then we don't stand a chance in hell.
"Why didn't Cooper tell us this at the debriefing?" I question harshly, still refusing to believe the implication. 
"We were going to. Then we found out the council members wanted to attend, and well, he didn't want to start a panic. As well-meaning as they are, some of them are known for flapping their lips. Until we know for sure, we don't want to create a plague of fear throughout the Grand. That’s why he left it up to me to fill you in."
"So that's your job? To find out if what you suspect is true? This isn't about finding Kelly and the others?" I ask.
"Of course finding our people is still a priority. But we have to admit, the odds of finding them alive aren’t the greatest," Kingsley answers.
"You don't know that.” I fire back. “There could be any number of reasons why they've broken radio contact." 
He gives a measured nod. "I agree, and I hope to God you’re right. But our main focus is to find out what the hell attacked those people at St. Joseph's and exterminate any threat it may cause to our people."
"And how do you propose we do that?" Luke asks in his even tone, his calmness only accentuating my surliness. 
"That pack there in the corner is our plan," he says, pointing his chin at the heavy canvass backpack he's been carrying since we left the Grand. "It's filled with C-4. If we find whatever attacked St. Joseph's is still there, my orders are to bring down the building immediately. We’re not to hesitate at all. Do you understand?"
"Jesus H. Christ. You've been carrying around a goddamned bag full of explosives? All the while we've been shooting guns and shit?" Dom looks horrified at the mere idea, but Kingsley just gives him a patronizing look.
"Relax. The C-4 is stable. It needs a detonator to do any damage. Bumping it around or shooting at it won't set it off. I used to be a demolitions man before all this went down. Trust me; I know what I'm doing."
Ah. So that's what Cooper meant by a set of unique skills. Still, what Kingsley is implying doesn't sit well with me. I study the faces of my crew to see if this tidbit of info bothers them as much as it bothers me. Their expressions mirror all stages of understanding; the insinuation of Kingsley's words finally dawns on them. Kingsley and his two men however, sit as stone faced as gargoyle statues. 
"Blow it up? But you mean after we've searched it for survivors right?" Gordon asks, and his voice is tinged with confusion. "I mean, we have to find Kelly and the others first. My brother, Mike is part of that group."
"Smarten up you dumb fuck," Dom stares at Gordon in disgust. "This ain't no rescue mission." His eyes switch back to Kingsley. "Is it, Guard? We're not going to St. Joseph's to get anyone out of that building. We're going to make sure whatever’s inside that building stays in."
Kingsley doesn't even try to lie.
"You all saw those leeches earlier, same as me. They're newly infected. We can't take any chance of bringing that infection back to the Grand. If there's any indication of any type of parasite at St. Joseph's..."
"If there’s any indication that our people are still alive, then yeah, we’re getting them out," my words are meant for the young ginger, but my eyes stare defiantly at Kingsley. Don't know what kind of shit he’s trying to pull, but we are not turning our back on any survivors. 
"Cooper's orders are to bring that building down, Bixby. Are you going to defy the Captain's orders?"
My top lip curls in anger, but I don't bother to respond to the softly asked question. I truly don’t know if I could defy a direct order from Coop as much as I don't agree with it.
"No sense arguing over things we know nothing about yet," Luke interjects, once again trying to defuse the situation. "Those leeches back there...well, could be any number of reasons why they didn't look worn down. Maybe they were locked in somewhere when they turned eight years ago. We know for a fact those infected that don't get to feed seem to go into a form of dormancy. Maybe they've been cooped up for years and just recently got released, and that's why they still look fresh. Sounds reasonable enough, doesn't it? Now why don't you all get some rest? I'll take first watch."
A couple of halfhearted murmurs follow Luke's question, almost as if agreeing with him is easier than acknowledging the glaring truth. No one wants to admit that a new wave of infected can even be possible. We’ve been fighting the infected for eight years now, and we’re nowhere close to winning this war. Christ, truth be told, we’re barely surviving. So the thought of more infected to fight, well, it kind of makes me want to cry. And if Kingsley is right, now there’s a whole new threat to worry about. If the alien parasite is evolving and has learned to speak and think, then to quote Rocky's waxing poetic words, “We are fucked.”






CHAPTER SEVEN

"No movement on our side," Kingsley's voice is weirdly distorted as the radio in Luke's hand sparks to life. 
We had split into two groups earlier on our approach to St. Joseph's. Dom, Kingsley, and his men were monitoring the back while we stayed at the front. From a distance the hospital looked the same as always; a towering gray brick of a building. The gated walls that encased the hospital grounds and helped protect the hundreds of people that lived there appeared no worse for wear. It looked the same as it had on our other visits. But as we’d gotten closer, we could see the buckled gate nearly torn from the wall and hanging with the barest of holds. Funny thing is though it had been hanging towards us, like something had busted out of it...not in. What the hell?
Situating myself more comfortably against the hot roof of the car wreck concealing us, I re-adjust my binoculars and start scanning the floors again, top to bottom. We’ve been watching the building for the better part of the morning, but still no sign of movement. Kingsley isn't taking the chance of any threat lying in wait for us, though. We’re not to move on the building—one way or another—until he’s sure. 
It is seriously pissing me off. The noon day sun sits directly overhead, frying the top of my head and my nose, only adding to my irritation. I'm hot, bored, pissed at myself for forgetting my hat and still not quite sure what the hell I'm supposed to be looking for. To make matters worse, we haven't seen any sign of leeches or ravagers all morning. Nothing to distract us from the boredom of the watch. I’ve never seen the city so empty. It's eerie.
Sighing deeply and blowing the hair off of my sticky forehead, I run the binoculars over the dirt streaked windows again. I’m hoping for some sort of movement. Any sign of something out of place or better yet, survivors. But I see nothing. About to give up, I’m startled by a flash of light from a second floor window. Wait. What is that? I stare intently, my eyeballs practically glued to the binoculars as I scan the floor one more time. Nothing. Maybe it's just the sun reflecting off of an exposed beam or...
The flash nearly blinds me this time and I squint against the glare. Three quick flashes, then three long and three more short. SOS? I hold my breath and watch a little longer. There’s a slight pause, then the signal starts up again. Three short, three long, three short. It’s definitely an SOS. That means someone is still alive in there.
My heart is pounding in excitement as I thrust the binoculars Luke’s way, "Second floor, last window on the right."
He takes the glasses and confirms what I'm seeing.
"SOS." 
"Fuck yeah," Gordon whoops quietly from his guard post on the other side of me and holds his knuckle up for a fist bump. I laugh at the shit eating grin covering his freckled face and bump the offered hand. 
"There's been no sign of ravagers or leeches for the past two hours. Nothing but that SOS. Let Kingsley know it's time to move in." 
Luke stares at the building in silence, ignoring my comment. Then as if talking to himself, he mutters, "Hmmmm, no sign of movement anywhere in the building, yet we have a SOS coming from the second floor. Whoever is sending that signal, why don't they just leave? Walk out. If nothing is stopping them, why do they need our help?"
See, I didn't stop to think of that. I just wanted to barge on in. Trust Luke to think things through more thoroughly. 
"Locked in maybe? Injured? Broken leg? Could be anything," I suggest, not caring if his question is directed to me or not.
"Yep, could be," he drawls. "Or it could be a trap. They may have spotted us and are now trying to lure us in."
"Or maybe it's Kelly and his group needing our goddamned help," I snap, finally losing patience. "Or some other survivor. We have to make the right decision here, Luke. We can’t let Kingsley just blow up the fucking building without knowing."
Luke sighs at me before raising the radio to his lips.
"Kingsley, we have a distress signal on the second floor. No sign of any hostiles. Okay to proceed?"
"Negative," Kingsley's flat response crackles its way to our ears. "Too risky. Observe for the moment and stay put."
Seriously? We’ve been observing for the past few hours. What the hell are we waiting for? An invitation and party banner?
"Luke, tell him there has to be survivors in there that need our help. We need to get them out. Now."
I know he agrees, because he doesn't argue with me like normal. Instead he raises the radio to convey my message but at that moment the SOS flashes again with more urgency, and I don't need binoculars to see it this time. My eyes are glued to the exact spot. Someone knows we’re out here and they’re begging for our help.
"Right. We're going in," Luke decides, turning off his radio and Kingsley's annoying commands. Squashing down my surprise at his unexpected decision, I throw my binoculars into my backpack and follow his lead.
We join Badger and Cal at their guard posts and survey the street in both directions. Nothing in sight. We have a clear approach.
"Kingsley gave us the green light to go?" Cal asks. 
I mumble, "Um, yeah," over my shoulder. I guess I'm convincing enough since they both fall in line as we make a beeline for the busted out gate. Reaching it unimpeded, we flatten ourselves against the concrete wall on one side, while Gordon and Luke do the same on the other side of the gate. Drawing his gun, Luke motions to Badger and I concede to let the dude with the other gun make the first step pass the gate.
On the silent count of three they step away from the wall, moving as one. They pivot at the apex of the corner so they each have the others background view in sight. Pausing at the exact same time they slice the pie of the hospital grounds, guns ready for anything. Slowly they step past the blind side of the wall, and I feel my own coiled muscles relax as I watch the tension leave Luke's shoulders.
"Clear," he calls softly over his shoulder and the rest of us file in.
He’s right. The other side of the wall is clear. No leeches stumbling about.  No guards like there should have been. No bodies. Where is everyone? Unease rolls about in my gut and I grip my knives a little tighter.
He motions to the crudely enforced, steel door of St. Joseph's. The door that should be locked tight, but stands wide open. That can't be good. Following the same routine, Luke and Badger mimic their actions at the gate. Giving the door a hard shove, it slams against the wall with a loud crash and stays open.
 Luke hovers in the doorway and scans the room before stepping inside with caution. I follow close on his heels, knives in hand; ready for anything that may come our way. As the others search the perimeter, I make my way to the huge half-moon reception desk dominating the middle of the room. I peer around it with slow deliberation. There’s no one lurking behind it waiting to ambush us, or even just hiding from whatever threat had attacked here. 
"Clear," I call over my shoulder, and I get the same response echoing back from the rest of the room. Just like the outer grounds, the lobby of the once bustling hospital is empty. We look around, on full alert for the slightest movement. But there's nothing.
A derelict vending machine leans precariously against the far wall, facing away from the pitch-black hallway to the left of it. A yawning mouth of darkness lies beyond the propped open metal doors. A fucking prime breeding ground for creepy crawlies and sharp teethed anomalies, says every horror movie ever made. Why had I watched so much of that shit as a kid? As I peer down the hallway a cold shiver works its way down my spine like hundreds of tiny spiders crawling down my back, and I swear to God I see movement. Is there someone in there? 
"What the fuck?" Kingsley's angry words echo loudly in the cavernous room, scaring the bejesus out of me so badly I nearly drop my knives. He and the rest of the crew pile into the lobby behind us, their noisy arrival disturbing the unnatural quiet. 
"I thought I told you to stand down!" His eyes are steaming piss holes in his red face, and they’re staring straight at me like he thinks this is my idea. Why’s he automatically blaming me? 
But Luke takes the heat off of me. Shrugging at Kingsley, he says in a level voice, "Sorry man, your last transmission was all garbled. I thought you told us to go ahead. I made the call. My bad. I'm real sorry, dude. The SOS came from the second floor though, so since we're already in here and all..."
Luke's look is so genuinely rueful that I know Kingsley doesn't quite know how to react to it. I turn my head so the older man can't see my lips twitching at Luke's complete bullshit act of contrition. I had been on the receiving end of that look more than once over the years. Totally fake.
The older man draws in a breath and stares at Luke as if deciding on a response. A slight tic in his left eye the only sign he’s still struggling with his temper. Finally giving the barest of nods, he grits his teeth.
"Fine. But we do not proceed until we clear and secure this floor. Got it?"
"You're the boss," Luke accedes and this seems to mollify Kingsley somewhat. 
"Spread out in groups of three. Bixby, you're with me." He stares at me-eyes narrowed, as if to say he’s going to be watching me. Fine. Whatever. "Wentworth, with them." He barks at one of his men, and the young guy moves to stand with Cal and Badger. "Cover every inch of this floor. Each group stays in radio contact at all times, understood. Once we confirm there are no hostiles, we will proceed to the next level."
There's no need for further commands; we all know what needs to be done. Each group is assigned one of the three hallways leading away from the lobby and we head out. Of course our hallway would be the pitch black tunnel that had spooked me earlier. Well at least I’ll get to see if what I thought to be movement is real or just a figment of my imagination. Considering the way it chilled me...I kind of hope it is all in my head.
Our solar flashlights penetrate the gloom of the wide hall as we traverse the darkness. I'm thankful for the feeble beams since we don't make it far before the familiar scent hits our noses. Ugh. That smell. It always conjures up hated memories of the stupid jar of pennies my father had kept on the window sill in the den whenever he was home. The stench of the copper pennies baking in the hot sun stunk up the room even more than he did. I hated going in there. Even after he went back on the road and Mom moved the jar, the smell lingered. 
The metallic, coppery odor assaulting my senses at the moment is no jar of pennies. This smell can only mean one thing. Blood.
It appears jet black in the sickly beam of light, and I can feel my gut rolling in aversion. The sight of congealing blood does this to me every time. Even after all these years. Flashbacks of watching my mom’s blood solidify on the bedroom floor threaten to overwhelm me. I force the memories back into their nasty, dark cubbyhole and lock them away again. No time for crazy Bix right now. I need to stay focused.
 Here in the hallway, the blood seems to be everywhere. Covering the floor; splattering the wall. One thick puddle tapers off into long streaks of maroon, staining the tile like some morbid abstract painting. Like whoever had lost this blood had then crawled or been dragged away from the attack point. 
Kingsley follows the streaks up the tile floor with his flashlight, and I expect to see the bloody corpse of the poor bastard it had come from littering the hallway like a piece of discarded trash. But we don't see anybody. There’s enough blood splattered in this hallway for dozens of bodies, but we don't find a single one. Strange. Leeches only want the blood since they have no need for flesh, so the carcass is always left behind. Ravagers want the flesh, but they prefer to capture their victims and take them alive. They rarely kill their prey until they’re ready to eat them. They don't want the meat to go rancid. So what exactly happened here? Where are the people?
We continue on our journey, which irony of ironies, leads us straight down the hall to the cafeteria. A faint glow emits through the crack of the slightly opened doors. At least there are still lights on in there. But as we creep closer a nauseating stench hits us, much worse than the blood. It’s the smell of death, and I know immediately that we’ve found the residents of St. Joseph's. 
Part of me wants to run. I know from past experience we won’t find anyone alive in that room. That revolting reek leaves no doubt. I even attempt to tell Kingsley that, but he makes the decision before I can. Throwing open the doors, he lays bare the cafeteria to our unprepared psyches. And as if we can't help ourselves, we go in. I wish to God the lights had died in here as well since all they do is throw shadow over the horrifying sight that meets our eyes. 
Bodies...no not even bodies...pieces of what undoubtedly were humans at one time litter the room like a sanguinary ticker tape parade from hell. Dismembered corpses lay bloating in the middle of the cafeteria, a rotting, stinking mound of carrion. A gore-caked body congeals in the corner—having simply crawled there to die. Heads and arms and legs adorn every single table in the room like prized trophies lining a mantle. Strips of bloody flesh hang from the walls and ceilings, surrounded by buzzing flies, fat and lethargic from the bountiful feast.
I can hear Kingsley's man, Taylor, retching as he turns away from the nightmarish scene. His face contorts into a grotesque mask as he pukes his breakfast up straight my way. Leaping away just in time from the projectile vomit, the foul shit splashes across my boots with a sour sickening smell, causing my own guts to threaten to do the same. Stumbling straight into the damn cupboard behind me, my shoulder rams it painfully. The door flies open at the contact and spilling the contents from inside.
Christ Almighty.
The blonde, bloodied head hits my shoulder, and as if in slow motion, does a morbid bump and grind down my arm leaving behind a trail of pinkish gore before hitting the floor with a wet plop.
"Fuck! Fuck! FUCK!" I scream, unable to hold my revulsion in any longer, wiping at my arm with frantic fingers and jumping away from the horrifying piece of flesh. What the fuck is this?
Never have I seen such brutality...not even from the ravagers. What the hell had happened here?
Desperately wanting to run but still rooted in place, I tear my eyes away from the head staring up at me and search for Kingsley. His face is ashen; his eyes glazed and unfocused.
"We have to blow this place now," he whispers to no one in particular.
I almost agree. But then I remember the SOS. As unthinkable as it may seem, someone is still alive in here.
"No, we have to find the survivors first," I say, but my protest is lame-ass.
He shakes his head at me in denial. "There are no survivors. Nothing could survive...this."
Without another word, he starts tearing at the backpack on his shoulder, struggling to get it off. The backpack filled with C4.
"Kingsley." He doesn't seem to hear me. "Kingsley." My voice grows louder-more insistent this time and I finally get his attention. He stops what he’s doing and looks at me with his pale eyes.
"There are survivors on the second floor. They may be our people. So no one’s blowing this damn place until we find them. Understood?"
His nod is sluggish, as if my words take a while to register. 
"Good. Now hand me the radio."
He unhooks it from his belt and hands it over without question.
"Luke? Badger?" I question into the mic, worried as hell and hoping to high heaven that they answer me. "You guys there?"
The silence seems to drag on forever, but then the radio crackles to life.
"Yeah, here," Luke's deep timbre resonates back, and I close my eyes in relief. "You should see this shit, Bix. There's blood everywhere. But no bodies. Weirdest damn thing I've ever seen."
"Here too," Badger pipes up.
"Yeah...we found the bodies," I say in disgust as I step away from the severed head, turning my back to it. I can't stand to look at the vacant stare anymore. "Did you find anything else?"
"No, this area is clear," Luke answers, and I can hear the unspoken concern in his voice at my words. Badger confirms the same.
"Meet us back in the lobby ASAP," I say. "We need to head upstairs."
I can't get out of that room quick enough, and I can hear the other two keeping pace with me in the dark as we hurry back the way we came.
The others are already waiting in the lobby as we burst from the hallway like the hounds of hell are on our heels. Luke opens his mouth, but I raise a shaky hand his way.
"We need to check upstairs and get out of here as soon as we can," I say. 
In typical Luke fashion, he doesn't waste time asking what's obviously on the tip of his tongue. Instead he points over my shoulder. "Stairs are that way."
Kingsley grabs my arm as I brush past, catching me off guard.
"You guys go ahead. I'm going to stay down here and get this ball rolling." He points to the backpack, and I nod in agreement to his suggestion. 
"Gordo, stay with Kingsley as lookout," I say to the kid, handing him my radio. He accepts it without question, but I can see the puzzlement in his face. Luke appears just as baffled by my and Kingsley's mutual agreement.
"There is possibly a big nasty something in here," I breathe his way. "We need to move fast." I leave out the part where I'm terrified that whatever had ripped those poor bastards apart is going to come back any minute and do the same to us, but Luke gets the gist. We move out.
The second floor is also still lit, but unlike the first floor, the causalities up here haven’t been dragged into a trophy room this time. After what we’d witnessed in the cafeteria, Taylor and I are sadly almost immune to the body pieces littering the second floor reception. The rest are not. I can hear Dom’s shaken cussing at the back of the pack and Wentworth’s noisy gagging as he tries to keep his breakfast down. 
"Jesus," Luke mutters in stunned disbelief as we pick our way through the carnage. "Is this what you found downstairs?"
I nod, unsure of what I should tell them. I decide to reveal all since this isn’t the time to be keeping secrets from my crew.
"The people we found, not only were they ripped apart, but they were...shit, I don't know, put on display I guess would be the only way to describe it. Whoever or whatever did this, Luke, there was rage and intelligence involved."
Everyone tears their eyes away from the carnage long enough to focus on me. I watch as the realization of this new horror dawns on them. Emotion and intelligence, not something we've seen from any leech so far. So does this mean Kingsley is right? Are the alien parasites evolving?
No one gets a chance to voice that concern.
"Guys?" Cal's voice is shrill with terror and instantly tiny shards of ice start flowing through my veins. His wide eyes stare over my shoulder, and I so do NOT want to turn around to see what’s causing him to look like he just shit his pants. But I do anyway. 
Holy mother of God.






CHAPTER EIGHT

It rises from the shadows like the darkness has somehow given birth to it. Had it been there the whole time, watching us? I get a glimpse of height as it rises. It’s tall, at least a good 6 feet, with a humanoid shaped body. The body is covered with a layer of gray flesh that is inter-meshed with what looks like human skin. Long spindly arms and legs jut out from the body, ending in jagged looking claws where fingers and toes should have been. Claws for ripping off body parts I'm pretty damned certain. I can hear the hooks clicking on the tile floor as it slowly steps from its hidey hole. That sound echoes in our horrified silence, causing my bowels to clench in terror. 
But the head...that is what terrifies me the most. The head is a bulbous, hairless appendage. Eye sockets spaced wide and staring right at us with two very blue human eyes. The human like nose is contrasted by a long, leathery looking protrusion where a mouth should have been. This...obscene lump squirms and moves under a rippling wet membrane, then stretches outwards into a yawning abyss of razor sharp teeth. Teeth that look familiar. Teeth meant for ripping out a person’s jugular. It looks like some DNA experiment gone horribly wrong. A fucking leech-human hybrid.
"Die." The guttural word sounds impossible coming from the nightmarish mouth, but we all hear it and it snaps us out of our terrorized stupor. Every weapon rises in defense as the creature leaps quickly from its shrouded corner, landing just inches from Taylor and me. The clawed hand whips out with alarming speed and before Taylor can get off a shot, the savage blow sends him reeling—his head one way, his body another. Hot blood splashes across my face and lips like scarlet rain, filling my mouth with its coppery taste. A scream sticks in my throat, overshadowed by the voice in my head shrieking at me to move, and I leap out of the creature’s reach. I'm not quick enough. Pain shoots up my entire shoulder and into my neck as the serrated claw slices into my shoulder blade.
"STAY DOWN!" I hear Luke's command before my eardrums almost explode from the barrage of gunfire. The hail of bullets surround me like a horde of angry hornets and I tuck my head into my arms, expecting any moment to feel them or the creature's claws ripping through my skin. The shooting seems to last forever, but finally there’s nothing but the lingering echo thrumming through my head. I don't even hear anyone approach until my arm is pinched by strong fingers, and I’m yanked to my feet. Wincing from the pain in my shoulder, I stare into Luke's worried brown eyes.
"I'm fine," I answer his unspoken question.
"You're bleeding--" he starts, but I cut him off.
"I said I'm fine." I shrug his hand off my arm, ignoring the stabbing pain piercing my shoulder blade. There’s a lot more to worry about. Like Taylor. And that...thing on the floor. I stride away from Luke and towards the others who are already surrounding the crumpled carcass. Badger pushes at it with the toe of his boot. The thing’s arm flops over unexpectedly, causing him to emit a high-pitched scream before looking up at us sheepishly.
"What is it?" he whispers, but none of us have an answer. "It decapitated Taylor like it was cutting through bread."
Taylor. I turn to look at the poor bastard, immediately regretting my decision. The guard's headless body lies in a pool of its own blood, and my stomach heaves at the sight. He’d been standing right next to me and now he’s dead. I barely knew him, yet he’d been a comrade and a survivor just like the rest of us. Guilt competes with the relief I feel that it's not me laying there, and the pain in my shoulder seems a fitting punishment for my survival.
"Fucking thing took forever to die. Almost like it was bulletproof or something." Dom’s also whispering. Like he thinks if he spoke too loudly the creature would suddenly wake back up. But the glistening dark blood staining the bullet riddled body says otherwise. 
Luke brushes past me and bends down to inspect the dead thing. He runs his fingers roughly over the grayish torso. 
"It feels like there's rings of bone underneath the skin. Thicker than ribs. Like a shell maybe? Protecting the heart. Plus, the skin is tough...leathery. Almost like armor."
"Luke, stop fucking touching it," I say in part disgust, part fear. Kingsley's belief that these things are infecting us again has me all paranoid. To my relief he does as I ask.
"But what is it? I've never seen a leech look anything like this," Badger's voice is as strained as his pinched face. "And did I imagine it, or did this freak actually talk?"
   "It spoke alright," I shiver involuntarily at the memory. "As ugly as it is, I think Frankenstein’s monster here was human once. Some sort of alien-human hybrid maybe?"
"Jesus, you think that was once human?" Cal questions in disbelief. Luke kicks the arm that had fallen to the side earlier and points to the piece of human looking skin still attached to the otherwise gray flesh. The skin is tattered and stretched, the obvious remains of a blue ribbon tattoo with the name Marty still clearly visible. 
"Unless 'Marty' stopped for a tat on his way from butt-fuck-nowhere in the universe, then yeah, I tend to agree with Bix." 
"So Kingsley is right? These things are evolving. Man, we're in shit up to our eyeballs," Badger's whispered prediction sends chills over me because deep down, I know he's right. 
"That's a discussion for another time." Luke's voice is authoritative, pulling us back to the task at hand. Trying to gain control of our fear. "Right now I suggest we find whoever is sending that SOS and get the hell out of here. Taking down this leech used up a hell of a lot of ammo. We won't survive another run in with one of these things, so let’s move. Bix, you okay?"
Even though I can still feel the burning pain and warm blood trickling down my back, I nod. No time for being a pussy right now. 
"Right, so the signal is..."
Click. Click. Click.
Every fine hair on my body stands on end even before my brain makes the connection to the sound. A cold hand of fear grips my spine with its icy tendrils. That sound. It sounds like claws scraping against tile floor. Please, no.
We turn slowly, trying to put off the inevitable. But we can’t.
 They dominate the other end of the long hallway like the darkest of nightmares. Their talons click disturbingly on the tile, every scrape like a razorblade cutting away at a nerve ending. Four more of them. We had barely taken down the one. How the hell do we handle this many?
"Steamin' crap on a biscuit," Badger whispers in a shaky voice and I couldn't agree more. "What the fuck do we do?"
No one answers.
They spread out across the wide hallway like an ominous cloud of death, blocking the stairs and our way back down. They don't attack immediately like ordinary leeches would have done. Instead the eerie human eyes regard us with wariness, with an intelligence suggesting they’re forming a strategy. Their dead comrade at our feet giving them pause for thought that we’re probably not humans to take lightly. Their gazes flicker from us to the dead thing on the floor and that damn wet gurgling starts up. What the fuck is that? Are they talking back and forth? What are they doing?
The sound intensifies and their protruding mouths open with a wet sound, exposing the sharp blades inside. Rooted in place, we can only watch in growing horror. Suddenly their disgusting sounds are met with a similar cry that seems to be coming from right beneath us. I look down to find the creature we thought to be dead, twitching about like some fish out of water, gasping for air. What? How’s that even possible? We had killed it. But somehow the goddamn thing’s still alive. And it's getting to its feet.
"RUN!" Luke bellows, finally answering Badger's question. He doesn't have to say it again. Frightened beyond measure, we run. No clear destination in mind, just the survival instinct to put as much distance between us and them as we possibly can. 
The tile beneath our pounding feet echoes our panic back at us and accentuates the sound of our pursuers. At this precise moment in time, I cannot think of a more terrifying sound than claws scratching on tile floor. Scratching that seems to be getting very close. A cold clamminess sweeps over me as I fight the urge to scream in sheer terror. 
My body tenses, every nerve ending standing at attention. I swear I can feel the tailwind from those massive claws as they swipe at my neck. My head swivels from side to side, searching for anything that can provide us some sort of safety. But the hallway is just a mass of offices with huge glass windows, offering no protection from the monsters chasing us. Our only chance is to find another set of stairs leading off this hellish floor.
"Right!" Luke yells again, and we turn on his command as the hallway ends sharply at a T-joint. The worn down soles of my boots lose their grip and I slide across the tile floor, banging painfully into the wall and bouncing off, colliding straight into Cal. He trips over me and goes sprawling at my feet. I nearly trample him over in my haste. 
"Get up!" I scream at him, and he tries to struggle to his feet, but his face contorts into a grimace as he falls back to his knees.
"My ankle," he cries. 
Crap!
 I reach down for him, and he immediately puts his arm around my neck, using me as a crutch. I pull him to his feet and he starts hobbling, trying to keep up with my pace. But he is slowing me down. I don't dare look over my shoulder to see how close the creatures are to us. The horrible scratching in my ears is indication enough.
We're going to die. 
A blur of solid flesh brushes by me and Cal is yanked out of my grasp. My knives are in my hands before I even realize it’s Luke. He throws the guy over his shoulder in a fireman carry, like he weighs no more than a sack of flour and yells at me, "There!"
He points to the end of the hallway where a couple of reinforced steel doors beckon to us like a beacon in the darkest of storms. If anything can hold off these monsters, it has to be those. 
"GO! GO! GO!" Luke bellows at me, and I can hear the terror in his voice even over the sound of gunfire as Dom and Wentworth fire on the impending demons of death, trying to slow them down. Their screams tell me they’re not having much luck.
Knowing that our lives depend on it, Badger and I sprint ahead for the “Unit 2” doors and body slam into them at the same time, hoping to open the way to our salvation. Instead we bounce back off like the doors are electrified. They're locked.
"Open the doors! Open the fucking doors!" Dom screams as he and Wentworth hurtle towards us, wearing identical masks of terror. But there's no handle or doorknob to be found. Panicking now I slam my hand against the steel hoping that somehow it would cause the doors to magically open, but it’s wishful thinking. They don’t budge. We’re trapped between them and the advancing monsters.
A face suddenly appears in the tiny wire-meshed window and wide eyes stare out at me. Someone’s on the other side.
No idea if it’s ravagers or not, I increase the pounding. I'd rather take my chance with ravagers right about now.
"Open up," I scream frantically as I finally glance over my shoulder. I immediately wish I hadn't. The creature riddled with our bullet holes is closing in on Luke and Cal, breathing down their necks. Cal screams as it leaps at them and the protruding mouth snaps dangerously close, missing him by mere inches. He tries to jump away, throwing Luke off balance and they both crash to the floor.
"Badger, shoot it in the head!" I yell, knowing damn well that won't kill it, but hoping desperately that it’ll at least slow it down. 
Badger curses loudly as he claws for a full clip. But in his frenzy, the gun falls from his grasp and clatters on the tile floor with a deafening finality. His terrified eyes stare into mine for a split second before I look away, my eyes drawn back to witness the horrific slaughter about to unfold. 
The creature sweeps low, mouth snapping and going for Luke's neck. Moving in for the kill. I react instinctively. My knife flies through the air and connects with the creature's left eye, sticking in with a sickeningly wet thunk. It doesn't take him off his feet, but it’s enough to spin him off course and away from Luke's jugular. Partially blinded now it swipes haphazardly at Luke, but the big man rolls out of its reach, pulling his gun. He aims for the creature's head. He gets off two shots and the creature falls, blinded as Luke takes out the other eye. Where's your fucking protective shell now, dickwad? I taunt in my head, as the creature starts writhing in apparent agony.
The slight click behind me registers a second before a hand grabs my shoulder, scaring me so badly I whirl on it with my remaining knife. The face that stares back at me is startlingly familiar.
"Come on." Kelly holds the steel door open, motioning frantically with his hands. Dom doesn't hesitate. He flies by me in a flash, nearly knocking me over in his wake. Wentworth is close on his heels.
"Fucking cowards," I yell at their backs. Sprinting back, I grab Cal by the scruff of his neck and start dragging him towards safety. Luke leaps to his feet and joins in, grabbing Cal’s other arm. We pull him like a giant slab of meat.
The creatures are almost on top of us now; I swear I can feel their hot breath on the back of my neck.
"Move your asses," Badger shouts at us from the protection of the doorway. He’s retrieved his gun but he doesn’t shoot. That can only mean one thing. They must be so close behind us he can't get a clean shot.
"Jump," Luke yells over at me and I do just that, leaping through the doorway as Badger springs out of my way. Cal rolls by me like some human bowling ball, as Luke tosses him to safety. The big man himself sails through the doorway next, just as Kelly is about to close it. But a gray clawed arm snakes it way through, preventing it from closing and snags Luke’s pant leg. He hits the floor face first as the creature starts dragging him back through the door.
"Argh!" he yells, clawing desperately at the floor and trying to get some kind of hold. But the slippery surface offers no traction. 
Cal's screams to shut the door echo in my ears as Badger and Kelly strain against the metal barrier, trying to keep the nightmare creatures out and Luke in. 
My remaining knife still in my hand, I scramble to my feet and leap at the mottled arm. With every last bit of strength, I bury the knife into the fleshy forearm, sending dark blood spurting into the air. The clawed appendage loosens its grip on Luke, and he manages to kick it away. The arm is yanked back along with my knife and disappears into the hallway as the door finally slams shut with a satisfying click. 






CHAPTER NINE

We can hear them outside in the hallway, slamming against the steel doors like children throwing temper tantrums because they’ve lost their favorite toy. I flinch at every impact, expecting any moment for the doors to buckle, but Kelly tries to put me at ease.
"Don't worry. These doors are reinforced with an electromagnetic lock. They can't get in."
"Not until the power goes out anyway. Luckily for us, they haven't figured out how to cut the power supply...yet."
This voice of pure optimism comes at me from the other side of the room. I look over to thank the asshat for the real nice words of encouragement, but I actually don't say anything. I'm too surprised by the dozen or so people standing there. I didn't even realize there were others in the room. 
A few of the faces I recognize right away. Kelly's crew. The other six or seven are strangers. The only remaining survivors of St. Joseph’s, I'm assuming. So few of them...
"Mike," I yell, as an older version of Gordon steps toward us with apprehension. 
"Gordo?" he questions with fear in his eyes, knowing full well we’d never be anywhere without him.
"He's okay," I answer, not even knowing if it's the truth or not, but the words seem to mollify Mike and he slumps in relief.
"Thanks for saving our asses, dude," Luke gets to his feet and clasps Kelly's shoulder gratefully with his beefy hand. "Good to see you. We were starting to think the worst."
"Good to see you, too, although I don't know how much ass saving I actually did," Kelly replies dryly, running his hand through his shaggy brown hair and causing it to stick up at an odd angle. "We've been trapped in here for two days...and now, so are you. Please tell me you have backup waiting outside."
He says it like a joke, but the desperation is obvious in his shadowed hazel eyes. 
"Shit. Kingsley and Gordo," I say to Luke in panic. We need to warn them. I’m pretty sure they heard the shooting. And the screaming. So we don't need them playing hero and come looking for us only to run smack dab into the hell beasts outside. 
Luke's hand grabs at his denim clad hip and pulls out the badly busted up radio.
"Damn it," he says, throwing it aside in disgust. "Badger, please tell me you still have your radio, man."
He tosses it Luke's way.
"Kingsley? Gordo?" he says quietly into the radio. "You guys there?"
No response. Dammit. Are we too late? Then a slight crackling as Kingsley responds.
"Yeah, we're here. What the hell happened up there?"
"Some new kind of leech. Do not come up here. I repeat, do not attempt to follow us. Stay hidden. You do not want to engage with these fuckers."
"Understood. What is your position?"
Our position? That question almost makes me laugh out loud. Is fucked an appropriate answer? Luke's gaze sweeps the room over the bunch of survivors and rests on me. I know what he’s thinking. Should he outline our hopeless situation in front of the obviously terrified remaining few? But like me, he realizes there's no other option.
"We’re safe for the moment, but trapped in..." he trails off and looks Kelly's way.
"Psych ward, east wing." Kelly informs him, and Luke relays the info.
"There's no way out, man. We can’t go up against these bastards, not with the little ammo we have. These guys are like nothing we've ever seen before."
"Window?" Kingsley suggests.
Luke once again looks Kelly's way. Kelly shakes his head and points to the narrow panes of wire mesh glass. Right. Psych ward—meant to keep people in. No way are we fitting through those.
"Not an option. We’ve found the survivors. Going to brainstorm, see what we can come up with. You two stay out of sight and wait for further communication."
"Roger that," Kingsley responds and the line goes dead. Silence follows as the last crackle dissipates, like everyone is too numb to speak. I guess we kind of are. To hear our options spelled out like that kind of crushes one’s hopes.
"What now?" Cal finally asks, breaking the silence. Good question.
"We could radio the Grand and request more backup. Now that we’re aware of what we're up against, they can be prepared this time to bring bigger fire power. Something that can take those bastards out," I suggest.
Luke nods as if agreeing, but Mr. Optimism from earlier steps out from the group huddling in the corner. He’s an older guy, white haired and bearded with faded gray eyes encased in folds of wrinkles—like he’d spent a lot of years squinting in the sun.
"From what Kelly's told us, the Grand is a couple of days travel, is it not? It took you that long to get here. I'm afraid to say we can't wait that long. We've had no one operating the solar panels these past two days since the attack. They have to be manually moved to follow the sun, so there's no way they’ve been able to produce enough energy to charge the backup batteries. That means the batteries are going to run out of juice and soon. I'm surprised we haven't already. And once the power cuts off, those doors protecting us..." he trails off, not expressing what he fears. Kelly has no trouble voicing it, though.
"Then those doors will be as useless as windshield wipers on a dog's ass, capeesh?"
Someone in the small crowd starts to cry at the blunt words, and I glance over in irritation. A small, willowy blonde stands with arms folded around her midriff like she’s trying to hold herself together. Her loud sobbing grates on my nerves and I snap, "Shut up. That sure as hell isn't gonna help us."
"You know what, why don't you try shutting up, Bixby," Dom fires back. "I'm fucking tired of hearing your drivel. Especially since this is totally your fault that we're in this fucking predicament."
I stare at him, mouth agape. "My fault? How'd you come to that conclusion, genius?"
"We wouldn't be stuck in this building right now if it weren't for you. Kingsley wanted us to hold off and wait, but did you listen? No, of course not. Like you always do, you disobeyed orders and the stupid oaf there followed you like the pussy whipped idiot that he is."
 Dom’s words piss me off. But the worst of it is I know he’s right…which pisses me off even more. So I do what I normally do and attack, full force.
"Oh, would you rather I'd be a fucking coward like you, Dom? Would you have preferred to let Kingsley blow the building instead of trying to save these people? Some of which are our own people, I might fucking add. Ya know, you really should need a license to be your kind of stupid."
"Well at least if we’d listened to Kingsley, we wouldn't be trapped in here," Wentworth snarls at me, and I'm unprepared for the hatred I see on his face. Dom, yes. But Wentworth's attack is totally unexpected. "And Taylor would still be alive."
"That's enough," Luke's voice is dangerously low as he glowers at my two attackers. "Yeah, what happened to Taylor really fucking sucked, but he knew the risks of entering this building just like the rest of us. And this was my call, not hers."
"This is entirely her fault," Dom argues, pointing my way. "Why are you always defending that skank ass bit--"
He doesn't get to finish. Luke's fist as it makes contact with his Dom’s jaw, echoes with a resounding crack. The smaller man wobbles for a bit and then crumples onto the floor, staring up in disbelief.
"Oh, fuck," Badger drawls in shocked surprise. “Shit’s gettin’ real.” I echo that sentiment. I’ve never seen Luke raise a hand to any of our people. What the hell?
The big man stares around at the rest of us. "Anybody else got anything to say on the matter?" he questions, flexing his meaty hands in anger. His question is met with complete and utter silence. Wentworth drops his angry glare, not wanting to be on the receiving end of that fist. I drop my eyes as well. Not out of fear though, but out of self-preservation, because I’m so insanely attracted to that blonde giant right now I'm afraid I may just jump his bones. Right here. Even with monsters lurking outside our door itching to rip us apart and faced with the hopelessness of our situation, all I can think of is how damn attractive he is right now. Yup, I'm definitely one fucked up bitch. 
"That's what I thought," he growls. "So I don't want to hear any more flapping lips unless you have an idea to get us out of this eyeball deep shit."
***
"You can't be serious?" The gray haired man, who introduced himself as Dr. Jules Howarth, stares at us like we’ve lost our minds. But it’s not just him. All the hospital survivors are looking at us in that same weird way as they watch us build a wall out of the musty old mattresses from the patient rooms. "This will never work. The whole idea is insanity."
"You got a better plan, Doc?" Kelly questions, as he helps me throw another mattress onto the pile. "Blowing a hole in the floor makes for a feasible escape route."
The old man folds his arms stubbornly. "Yes, if we survive it. This old building may not be able to handle it, however. Blowing part of the floor may bring the whole building down around our ears. And if not the building, then at least a couple of floors."
I nod. "Yeah, it might. But it's a choice between that or fighting our way through the beasties outside. Somehow I don't think the odds are in our favor on that."
"She's right, Jules," the weepy blonde from earlier says and straightens her back as she nods my way. "It's not a perfect plan, but it's the only plan we have."
You could have knocked me over with a feather as she heads straight for Luke and smiles at him, grabbing the other end of the mattress he's struggling with and helping to toss it onto the pile.
"Thanks...?"
"Jessica," she supplies. "Jessica Lynn. But you can call me Jess."
"Nice to meet you, Jess," he says, throwing a big hand her way and her tiny one disappears in the handshake.
"Really? You two think we got time for that shit?" I question, irritated beyond belief by their stupid behavior. Almost as if agreeing with me, one of the things from outside slams against the door and makes us jump. That reminder seems to seal our decision and the Doc doesn't argue our plan anymore.
"Last one," Badger interrupts as he and Mike throw the final mattress onto the others. "It's now or never."
I survey our work in front of us with a critical eye. The idea sounds great in theory, but the leaning tower of moldy mattresses somehow doesn't instill much confidence. I keep my thoughts to myself.
"Okay, everyone, you know what we have to do. Once that floor gives way and we fall through to the next, get your asses out past the gate as fast as you can. Kingsley won't give us long before he blows the whole place. Got it?" All heads nod as one. Luke gives a huge sigh. "Right. So let's do this. Everyone behind the barrier." 
They scramble meekly like herded sheep behind the wall of mattresses. Mike and Kelly help Cal hobble his way over, and they squeeze in, taking cover behind the flimsy protective wall. Finally, it's just me and Luke left standing. Luke pulls out the radio.
"Kingsley, you there?"
"Here," the voice comes back.
"Everything good to go?" Luke questions.
"All good on my end. I've positioned the C-4 as far as I could away from your safety zone, but still angled enough for maximum impact. Once the floor blows, you should all drop towards the center of the room and on top of the mattresses, cushioning your fall. And hopefully it doesn't set off the rest of the charges, blowing you all to smithereens."
Luke and I exchange a look. Did he seriously just say that?
"Yeah, thanks for that, man," Luke says to the radio. "Really needed that boost of optimism. We're almost ready up here. Blow it on my command."
"Roger that," Kingsley responds. 
Luke glances my way. "Let’s get ‘er done," I say and he smiles at me reassuringly, even though I can see the worry in his brown eyes. As sure as he sounded to the rest of them, I know he’s terrified this isn’t going to work. To be honest, so am I. 
I head for the wall of cushions, eager to get this over with but he grabs my wrist, stopping me. He opens his mouth like he’s about to say something. I don't get to find out what. The lights suddenly flicker and then finally go out, leaving us in the pale gloom of the evening sun streaming through the narrow windows. The power has finally died.
Our heads swivel toward the doors. The doors that no longer hold any resistance to the onslaught of the creatures. Almost as if they know what the loss of power means, they slam against the doors and practically fall over each other into the room. 
"NOW, KINGSLEY! NOW!" Luke screams into the radio as he leaps on top of me, pushing me into the mattresses and shielding my body with his own. I can hear the clicking of their talons as they scatter towards us, the wet excited gurgling. Screams rise up all around me, although whether it's coming from my own throat or from the other side of the wall, I can't tell.
The explosion shakes the building, jarring me so badly I swear I hear my bones rattle. The wall and ceiling above us shatter and fall on top of us with the force of a rock slide. In that same instant, the floor below us tilts, giving way and the whole room starts sliding downwards with a sickening loss of equilibrium. I cling desperately to Luke as he falls along with me.
Another deafening roar follows, and over Luke's shoulder I can see a wall of debris falling straight towards us. I close my eyes as I’m tossed about by the collapsing floor. Luke is torn from my grasp and I cover my head with my arms as I fall, my screams mingling with the squealing protest of the shattering building. 
Tumbled and tossed about like laundry in a dryer, I spiral downwards. Debris batters at my body, ripping at my clothes and skin. The sense of falling seems to last forever, but then slows to a stop. I lay there for a bit refusing to open my eyes. 
The ensuing silence compared to the earlier roar is almost deafening. I have no idea if I'm injured. Hell, I can't even tell if I'm still alive. Hesitantly, I uncover my head and open my eyes. The building is still shifting around me. Bits and pieces of rubble fall from above, adding to the pile of debris that covers me. I can only assume I’ve fallen through to the main floor, but there’s no longer any defining measure as to floors or walls. Everything is just one big massive pile of shit. I cough as I breathe in a cloud of dust. The dust is everywhere, burning my eyes and my throat.
"Luke?" I croak, shattering the quiet. "Badger? Cal?"
Movement from underneath me elicits an involuntary yelp of fear and I instantly roll away. I had been lying on top of one of the mattresses and so covered in rubble I hadn't noticed. Now the mattress corner flaps from the movement underneath. Shit. Is it one of my guys or one of them?
"Bix?" the muffled voice leaks out, and my pent up breath expels in a sigh of relief. Giving the mattress a couple of good shoves, I manage to move it enough to expose Badger's bloody face. He’s buried up to his waist in wreckage and rubble.
"Get me outta here, Bix. I can't handle this. Feels like I'm suffocating. Get me out!" He’s trying hard to hold down his panic, but I can see it building in his eyes.
"I'll get you out, Badger," I promise him. Now if only I knew how.
I hear a shout from over my shoulder and I answer back, my voice raw.
"Over here."
There’s no mistaking the huge hulk heading my way.
"Luke," I cry out, surprised at the moisture filling my eyes. Blaming it on the dust, I wipe my eyes with the back of my hand.
"Badger’s trapped under here," I say as soon as he reaches me. Grabbing either side of the mattress, we toss it out of the way. Badger struggles as we start digging into the heap, but his squirming only hinders our progress.
“Badger, you gotta stop fighting, man and let us do this,” Luke warns and Badger snaps his head up and down in understanding.
“Need a hand?” Kelly appears out of the floating cloud of dust and joins in on the rescue effort.
"We got this," Luke croaks at me. His face and hair are so covered in dust by now he looks like Casper on steroids. "Go find the others. Get them out."
I grunt in agreement and start making my way through the dust cloud, my steps ginger as I navigate the mess.
I find Mike and Cal right away. But I’m surprised as hell to see the cry baby blonde from earlier, helping keep Cal upright as they struggle to get him over the piles of broken building. She has more backbone than I thought. 
They stop in front of me, as if waiting for my command. "Don’t stop you fools. Keep going. Wait for us on the other side of the gate." They don’t argue.
I stumble across the white haired doc and what looks like to be the rest of his people next, and I give them the same order. 
My eyes scan the wreckage, searching for those still unaccounted for. I have no idea if the creatures are still above us or if they’d fallen through as well, hidden among the debris. If luck is on our side, then we can get out without running into any more of them.
A low moaning floats through the air, and I peer through the haze trying to locate it. I tense as a shadow figure materializes out of the cloud. But it’s only Dom.  He's sitting on a pile of debris, blood streaming from a wound at his temple.
"Dominic," I call in a soft voice and his dazed gaze turns my way. "You okay? We have to go, man.” 
He tries to struggle to his feet but staggers and falls back onto the mound of wreckage. Sighing, I start picking my way through the rubble. Looks like he needs my help. 
I'm almost there when a hulking mass starts rising slowly from the debris behind him. I pause, heart in my throat and hoping desperately it’s Wentworth. It’s not.
The creature rises to its full height, pieces of shit falling off like rats jumping ship. In a strangely human move it shakes its head as if trying to clear it. I watch in horror as its nose goes up in the air, and it starts sniffing, more leech than man now. It caught the scent of Dom's blood, no doubt. Its head swivels Dom's way and the massive mouth opens, exposing teeth. It’s readying itself for the kill.
Dom notices my frozen -deer being targeted by a pack of wolves-look.
“Shit. There’s one behind me?” His question quivers with fear. 
“Yup,” I choke out.
That’s all the warning he needs. Launching himself off of the wreckage, he rolls down it--narrowly escaping the swiping claws.
His hand reaches for his gun but clutches at empty air. The gun lost in the fall. I'm just as defenseless, my knives long gone. Frantically I search for a weapon, hoping to prevent Dom from being ripped apart in front of my eyes. I might hate the guy, but I don't want to be stuck with that image in my head. I don’t need to add to Bix’s crazy list of horrifying memories.
A piece of rebar sticks out of the pile at my feet and I yank it free. I leap at the advancing monster, aiming for the softest body part on it--the face. The metal rod makes contact with the creature’s head and slices straight through to the other side, emerging with a sickening rip. I hear its squeal of surprise as I tumble past, not waiting to see the damage. I don't want to be on the receiving end of those claws a second time. 
Once out of its reach, I leap to my feet with the grace of a dancer and spin around. The creature is still standing, but it's thrashing wildly at the protruding steel that has skewered it cleanly through its mouth. Not dead, but at least its attention is no longer on its feast of human. 
"Move it," I yell at Dom as the creature’s wails are met with the cries of the others. They are down here with us. Typical Dom, he leaves me in a cloud of dust as he scrambles away.
"Bix. Go!" I hear Luke yelling at me, and I glance his way, relieved to see him and Kelly dragging Badger between the two of them. The relief is short lived however, as I see the shadows behind them. I turn and follow Dom.
Stumbling from the ruins, I suck the cleaner air gratefully into my tortured lungs. Kingsley and Gordo are at the gate, pacing nervously back and forth. I can’t see any of the others, but I’m hoping they made it to safety on the other side. Gordo spots us and starts screaming something, but it gets lost on the wind. I get the gist through his wildly waving arms. Move your asses.
 I run toward them like some Olympic sprinter, knowing full well Kingsley won't wait for us to clear the building before setting the rest of the explosives off. He’ll bring the whole damn thing down if those bastards are anywhere close to getting out. He's not above sacrificing a few if it means saving the rest.
I haul ass, planting my hands over my ears as I watch Kingsley raise the detonator in his hand. He isn't about to wait any longer. I pray to God we’re far enough away to live through it. 
The blast hits and I go airborne. The chaos around me suddenly goes quiet as I sail through the air, and I'm afraid my eardrums have burst. I land on my chest and slam against the stone wall. Every breath of air is knocked clean out of my lungs, and I start gasping like some fish out of water. 
Deaf and struggling to breathe, I raise my arms over my head as debris starts falling from the sky. Plaster, wood and metal shards fall around me like deadly rain. A cry I can't hear escapes my lips as a missile shreds my jacket and tears into the exposed skin. I bite my lip in pain; the coppery taste of blood filling my mouth as my screams mix with the cacophony that suddenly shatters my deafness. 
And then just like that, it's over. A strange stillness settles over us. Cautiously, I raise my head from my arms and peer through the dust cloud encompassing everything. Even through the murkiness, I can see all that remains of St. Joseph's is a towering mound of rubble and wreckage. A smoking tomb for the deadly creatures trapped underneath. We hope.






CHAPTER TEN

Dazed and exhausted, my ears still ringing from the explosion, we pile into the safe house. It had been an extremely grueling past eight hours since our narrow escape. The struggle getting here had been real. Badger’s and Cal's injuries slowed us down tremendously. And the rest of us aren’t in much better shape. On top of that, it had pissed down rain for the past two hours. It wasn’t the best of days. 
Soaked and chilled to the bone, tired from trying to keep Cal and Badger upright in the muck, our mood is as dark as the clouds above our heads. Only consolation, we hadn't come across any leeches or ravagers other than the single creature in the abandoned gas station. Luke had taken him out easily enough with a single shot, but I’m glad to finally be behind some locked doors and have access to more knives. They aren't my Bowie knives, but they’ll have to do. I’m lost without my old titanium friends and I feel vulnerable without them.
Wordlessly we get the lamps and fire burning, while the survivors of St. Joseph's huddle in the corner, useless. How the hell had they even lasted these past eight years? They don't seem to have any skill set between them. They are definitely not survivors of any of St. Joseph’s hunters or guards, that’s for sure. The tiny blonde keeps watching Luke like he’s the second coming for Pete’s sake, and for some reason it pisses me off to no end. I have to stop myself from snapping her head off.
"Hey, you," I yell to her, and her eyes flick my way. "Yeah, you. Hand me that jug of water behind you on the shelf."
She does as I say, handing me the plastic jug.
"My name is Jessica," she says to me in a quiet voice. 
I glance down at her as I fill the metal pot on top of the paint can burner. "I really don't care," I say equally as quiet, but Luke overhears and gives me a harsh look for my rudeness.
"Thank you, Jess," he says, the frown replaced by a smile now, but it’s meant for her only. 
I snort as I go on with my task. Whatever. Pot finally filled, I throw in a couple of the herb mixtures and wait for it to boil. 
Mike and Wentworth are busy setting up our injured comrades as comfortably as possible on some sleeping bags on the floor. Cal isn't looking so good. He doesn't cry out as Mike elevates his obviously swollen foot, but his skin is clammy looking, and he appears as if he’s about to pass out any minute. Not sure if his ankle is broken or sprained, but either way, walking on it for the last eight hours hasn't helped matters much. I turn from the boys to the white-haired doc.
"You...Doc Howarth. Make yourself useful and have a look at those two over there, will ya?" My words seem to pull the old man out of his listlessness. He nods slowly at first, then more rapidly as if confirming to himself that he can do it. 
"May as well have a look at that one too," I nod towards Dom, whose injury had been washed clean by the rain, but is now starting to show signs of deep bruising. As much as I believe any blow to that block head can only be an improvement, I don't say as much. We don't need to be dragging his ass as well tomorrow.
Being busy obviously agrees with the doc however, because by the time our soup is ready he has all of their wounds tended to. Even mine. My wounds are superficial, except for the gouge on my back. He informs me that one will need stitches. All in all, we seem to have fared pretty well considering we just tangled with monsters.
But those two on the floor are another story. Cal has a break all right and Badger is in rougher shape than we thought. Good thing Kingsley had requested a cargo wagon along with the team meeting up with us tomorrow. We’ll be able to move faster without having to carry those two. And the quicker we get back to the Grand, the better. Even though I know those things were probably taken out by the explosion, I don’t feel the least bit safe.
The room is warming up and the soup in our bellies is causing our internal fear to finally thaw out as well. No one had mentioned a thing about those creatures in our desperate flight. Like we didn’t want to jinx ourselves and have them appear. But now, the questions in our heads are like an elephant in the room. Luke is the first to ask.
"So, I guess we’d all like to know. What the hell happened back there? What were those things? And how the hell did they get inside St. Joseph's?"
The old Doc shifts from side to side and looks around at the last remaining survivors of his people. Three women and four men. Seven people out of possibly three or four hundred. What the hell happened there in the past few days? The tiny blonde immediately starts to cry again, and I have to restrain myself from rolling my eyes. One of the men--a much younger man with tousled brown hair--gives a slight nod to the doc, almost as if giving him permission to speak. It’s subtle but I see it. Who is that guy? And permission for what?
"And just as importantly, how did you all survive while the rest were massacred?" I ask it as a question, but it seems to come out more as an accusation. There’s just something about their behavior that doesn't sit well with me. I reach for the knife strapped again at my waist without thought. Its presence reassures me.
"We are the last of the Medical and Psychiatric teams from St. Joseph's." The old doc does the talking. "We are alive...the only reason we’re alive right now is because we were having a meeting that day in the psych ward. We were already locked away when those things attacked."
"What exactly are those 'things'?" Luke asks. "And how did they get in?"
The doc pauses for a minute as if unsure how to answer. The younger guy decides to speak up.
"They are the same alien life form you already know, like the leeches. But these are a more advanced version. Leeches 2.0, if you will." He flashes a weak smile at the lame joke, but the smile falters as none of us join in. He clears his throat. "I guess the best way to describe them...the easiest way rather, would be very similar to a bee colony. We have come to believe the leeches we are used to seeing are the worker bees and this new version, the queen bees. We believe this queen bee, or queen leech for lack of a better term, has learned to adapt to human DNA and evolve very rapidly into a more complex organism. These organisms picked the human genes it desired and adapted them for new functions. A genetic infiltration that allowed the parasite to assimilate to its host body."
I stare at the dude in confusion. What the fuck is he talking about? Queen bees and genetic infiltration? It all sounds like something straight out of The Twilight Zone. Luke seems to have a better understanding than I do.
"Is that even possible? And correct me if I'm wrong, but a queen bee is the only one that can reproduce right? So are you saying that these new queen leeches can reproduce by infecting us again?"
The guy nods. "Yes. They have that ability. Not everyone at St. Joseph's was slaughtered. Some were infected, or turned into worker leeches for a better explanation. The rest..." he trails off, as if not wanting to talk about it anymore. I still don't quite understand.
"How do you know this? Is this all just assumption? Guessing on your end?"
The white-haired doc looks at the younger guy in resignation. "We have to tell them, Roger. Everything. From the beginning."
I don't like the sound of that. "Yeah, Roger. Why don't you tell us everything?" I say with quiet menace, narrowing my eyes at the younger man.
Roger pinches the bridge of his nose as if fighting against a terrible headache. Finally he nods and takes a deep breath.
"Very well. About ten months ago, one of our searcher groups was on a routine outing when they came across a couple of warehouses on the outskirts of the city. One was a treasure mine of supplies. While they were clearing it for retrieval, they noticed the second warehouse had a hell of a lot of leech activity going on. Precise and organized activity, which was very surprising. We had always thought these creatures to be an unstructured lot. Our belief was that they were a primal species, scouring the universe with only one basic priority; to find a habitable planet with host bodies that could sustain them and an adequate food supply. Luckily for them and unluckily for us, Earth seemed to fit that requirement.
So with this belief in mind, the leech behavior they were now witnessing was totally puzzling. Our people watched the warehouse for a few days and realized that the comings and goings of the leeches was almost military in its precision. They came and went at almost exactly 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. Every day. A parade of them, in and out. Our curiosity was peaked. Why did they keep coming back to there? Was the warehouse their form of a hive? So some of our guys were sent inside to investigate. What they found was...amazing and terrifying to say the least. This second warehouse was filled with people. Humans that didn't appear to be infected at all. They seemed to be in some sort of stasis, covered in a mesh like cocoon,  but still very much alive. It was thought the worker leeches were coming back every day to somehow feed them."
 An old alien movie I had seen as a kid pops into my head and, against my better judgement, I mutter under my breath, “Where’s Ripley when you need her?”
 “What?” the doc questions me, his face a mask of puzzlement.
"Never mind,” I wave a hand in dismissal. “Tell us about the people? Where they able to talk to you? To tell you who they were and where they came from?"
Doc Roger shakes his head and a strange wave of disappointment washes over me. He motions to the little blonde. "No, they were completely unresponsive. Jessica and I were appointed to go with the retrieval team and check it out. Nothing we did elicited any reaction. We couldn't awake them from their stasis. We needed to study them more thoroughly, but we couldn't do that under the constant threat of exposure by the worker leeches. So the decision was made to transport some of them back to the hospital, to study them in our lab." 
The silence that follows the statement is one of disbelief, broken only by the snort of derision that escapes my lips. Really? How the hell could they do something so amateurishly stupid? They brought possibly infected people straight into their base? Nothing like just asking for trouble. Roger’s eyes flick my way, but he keeps talking.
"We needed to do this. To see if it could help us understand the aliens. Help us find some way to defeat them. The more we studied them, the more we realized this stasis was actually a regenerating stage. The bodies were undergoing major metamorphosis. Nothing we could see physically, but their vitals were telling us a different story. It was fascinating, really."
Fascinating? I could think of a few more appropriate words like stupid or idiotic. Dumbassery was a good one.
"I've met Craig Donaldson, the leader of St. Joseph's, a few times," Luke interrupts the rant going through my head. "He was a damn smart man. There's no way he would’ve sanctioned you allowing these things to mutate right underneath your noses like that with no idea what would come out of it." 
The look that passes between Doc Roger and old doc is unmistakable.
"He didn't know, did he?" Luke accuses.
"You have to understand...we were trying to figure these things out. We even dissected a few, trying to figure out its physiology. And you know what we learned?"
"That you can't bring infected into a building of survivors and expect it to end well?" I say in disgust. Is he seriously trying to justify their actions?
He ignores my biting remark. "We realized that unlike the alien parasite that attached itself to the heart and brain of its human host but still remained a separate entity, these things actually became one with the human host. It literally combined itself with the human DNA and produced an entirely new species!"
He sounds so excited by this prospect. Like it’s some kind of major breakthrough. All it does is leave me with a sickening sense of dread in the pit of my stomach.
"What does that mean?" Cal asks from his position on the floor. I don't think the ashen sheen of his face is caused by his ankle alone anymore. 
"It means, boy that we’re fucked." Kingsley says quietly from the side. 
I rub the back of my neck in exasperation. "I still don't understand. I thought we were immune to these things. How can they be infecting us again, even if they are queen bees or whatever the fuck else you said. How can this be happening all over again?"
My tone sounds desperate, even to my own ears, and I clear my throat to hide my panic.
The old doc takes over the conversation now. "We did believe that at first, yes. When the invasion happened eight years ago and some of us were left unscathed, we thought it was immunity. But as we researched that over the years, we’ve come to another conclusion. Do any of you here know your blood type?"
I did, since numerous trips to the emergency outpatient’s room as a kid has it burned in my brain.
"O negative," I say, only to be echoed by other distinct voices saying exactly the same thing.
 Doc H. nods. "Same goes for me, and every other survivor of St. Joseph's. Anyone left uninfected from eight years ago had the same blood type. O negative. Universal donor."
"So that's the immunity factor? The blood type?" I question, but he shakes his head.
"We don't believe any of us carry immunity at all. O negative, like I said, is the universal donor blood type. Less antibodies, less risk. I believe we are not immune, just simply more palatable. Easier to digest. We were left alive for a reason. To be a regenerating supply of bland food, if you will."
The room falls as silent as a morgue. How the hell do you respond to something like that? He was actually saying that we weren’t used for host bodies simply because we made much better food. Like dessert left to enjoy at the end of your dinner. A dessert that kept reproducing. I can't tell if the shiver that passes over me is one of revulsion or fear.
"I still don't know how you managed to sneak the fact that you had mutating humans past Donaldson's nose. You said the people you brought back looked normal, so why did the ones we see look like that?" Luke, the bulldog that he is, refuses to give up on this train of thought. "And why did you not warn everyone? How could you have let this happen?"
The old doc flaps his lips but no words come out. Instead he drops his head and starts to blubber like a baby. Doc Roger clamps a hand on his shoulder in reassurance, but all that does is make him cry even harder.
"We didn't mean for any of this to happen.” The younger doc picks up the conversation.  “The people we brought in did look normal. And they were in complete stasis. We—I considered them harmless." He closes his eyes briefly for a moment. "This was the opportunity of a life time. A chance to study this alien life form and possibly find a weakness. A chance to try and eliminate it. We tried to help the people we brought in, to rid them of the parasite inside of them. We thought we could bring them back. The methods we tried only seemed to have the adverse effect. Instead of killing the parasite, our intervening seemed to accelerate an entirely different change. The parasite responded in a way we could never have predicted. Within weeks of raising their body temps, the bodies started to mutate. By the time we realized what was causing the change, it was too late. The alteration was drastic and irreversible. Almost like the alien DNA reacted with a defensive mechanism to our intrusion. And we certainly didn't realize they had the ability to infect others again, else we would have ceased all research. We didn't know what to do. We lowered their body temps again and tried to put them back in stasis. We thought it had worked..." he trails off, clears his throat. "We were scared to go to Donaldson about the transformations. Scared he would blame us for allowing this threat to stay in St. Josephs. Scared he would kick us out for our ignorance." His dark eyes turn to us, begging us to understand. When none of us respond, he continues on. "The day of our meeting...the day it all happened, we were actually discussing to come clean to Donaldson about our discoveries. To tell him everything and to ask for his help in killing off our test subjects. But we were too late. They reanimated and reacted. I don't know how they did it, possibly an airborne spore of some sort, similar to the mist from eight years ago. Maybe from physical contact; we aren’t sure. But they infected the two guards we had watching them. They in turn, set them free. You know the rest."
The horror of what he’s saying finally dawns on me.
"You created those things?" My question comes out more as a whisper. They can't possibly be saying what I think they are saying, can they? It can't get any worse.
"No, not created exactly. Helped birth would be the better analogy. We believe that the infected humans we found would have evolved eventually, over time. Maybe not quite like the creatures we saw, but they were still changing. We just accelerated the process. Maybe the catalyst was extracting them from their protective pod, raising their body temperature, or the absence of their blood feedings. We’re not sure. But the change was inevitable. Although we did intervene some in the evolutionary process, in our best opinion the alien life forms would have developed on their own into queen leeches. Beings stronger than us, just as intelligent, and with the ability to regenerate quickly from wounds that would be fatal to us humans. And along with this new species comes the undeniable fact that we will no longer be the dominant species of this planet known as Earth."
I'm wrong. It is so much worse.
"So, it's a good thing we killed those things then, eh?" Dom interjects, and I catch myself nodding in agreement. The pregnant pause that follows his remark unnerves me more so than our agreeing.
"We killed those few, yes." Doc Howarth stares at us all with his red-rimmed eyes. I resist the urge to put my hands over my ears and hum to myself to drown out his next words, just like I used to do as a kid when my parents were fighting. "But we only brought a handful back to St. Joseph's. That warehouse had possibly two hundred or more pods still left there. Two hundred or more queen leeches waiting to be born."
Yup, definitely should have covered my ears for that one.






CHAPTER ELEVEN

Our arrival back at the Grand is certainly no welcome home party. Showing up bloody, injured, and with a bunch of new people in tow causes a lot of questions. And a lot of panic-stricken civilians.     
           Cookie acts fast, I give her that. We’re no sooner in the door before she strides out of her kitchen and starts ushering us past the gaping mouths and frightened stares. Cal and Badger are hustled off to the infirmary, but the rest of us are whisked away to the “Bullshit” room faster than a toupee in a hurricane. There’s no time to eat, clean up, or even rest our exhausted asses. Not where Cookie is concerned. She's all heart like that.
At least we’re given a few minutes to catch our breath before Cooper and the council members arrive. I sprawl out across the tattered leather sofa along the back wall and close my eyes, wishing desperately it was my bed. I hope the debriefing doesn't take all night. Though deep down, I know it’s wishful thinking. What we’re about to divulge isn’t going to be received well.
It doesn't take long for the room to start filling up. The St. Joseph's people huddle together in the corner as one by one the council members file in and eyeball the new comers like they're plague carriers. I suppose, in the council's eyes, they truly are undesirables. Having them here is a sign of bad things. I kind of actually feel sorry for them as Cookie stares them down with her usual malevolent glare, muttering under her breath like she’s trying to ward off some evil curse. 
Gordon meanders my way and bumps my legs with his knee. I sit up straighter, making room for him on the couch. He falls into the soft pillows with an audible groan.
"You think this is gonna take long, Bix?"
"Yup," I answer, emphasizing the ‘p’.  "The council is going to freak out when they hear this shit story."
"Greaaaattt," he drawls. "Well, at least that'll give us some entertainment, watching them freak out. May as well get comfy." He stretches his legs out in front of him, crossing his ankles and folding his arms. "All we need now is some popcorn. Hey, did you know popcorn originated back in…"
I hear Cooper's cane tapping rhythmically on the tile floor as he enters the room, shutting the boy up, thank God. I glance up at Coop’s approach. The relief is evident in his eyes that we're back in one piece, but he doesn't say anything. Instead he taps his cane impatiently against the bottom of Gordon's boots, plainly telling the kid his feet are in the way. Gordon mutters a “Sorry, Sir,” and pulls his lanky legs back. Cooper files past us to his desk, lowering himself slowly down onto the chair. His hands form a steeple that covers the bottom half of his face as his gaze encompasses the room, studying the survivors of St. Joseph's and our own state of distress.
"So," he says finally, his deep baritone echoing throughout the silent room. "Tell us everything. And leave nothing out."
***
The debriefing goes as expected. Luke and Kingsley do most of the talking; following up with Doc H and Doc Roger reiterating everything they had already told us. Every few minutes someone chimes in with a question or two, but the story is retold mostly uninterrupted. We watch the council's mood shift in waves. Disbelief. Fear. Anger. Then back to disbelief as the story continues. The panic and alarm in the room becomes a tangible thing. I get it. I really do. I lived through most of this whole narration being outlined right now, and I still find it hard to believe. It's a drawn out, tiring, and mentally exhausting process. And once it's over, well, I truly do get the meaning of the phrase “You could hear a pin drop.”
"What do we do now?" The question comes from the back of the room, breaking the pregnant silence. It’s one of the council members, Alex. The question unfortunately opens up a floodgate.
"How do we protect ourselves from these creatures?"
"Can they get into the Grand?"
"How could you have let this happen?"
"It wasn't us..."
"We need to kill these things!"
"You people did this!"
"We didn't know..."
"You made these things..."
"Calm down." Cooper tries to intervene in the mayhem, but no one seems to want to listen. The voices simply rise in pitch as the accusations and denials fly. Cookie approaches the St. Joseph's people like some deranged protestor, her finger waggling in the face of Doc Roger.
"You caused this. You put your own people at risk and now you bring it here? How dare you."
"I said calm down! Cookie, back off or else I will have you removed from the room." 
Whoa. Cooper's voice demands silence—and it is given. I've never heard him speak to Cookie like that. Hell, I've never heard anyone speak to Cookie like that. Gordon starts snorting beside me and I elbow him in the ribs, smothering my own grin. We sure as hell don't need her anger directed our way.
Cookie stares daggers at Coop but surprisingly listens. They all listen. Cooper waits until the room falls quiet before he speaks again.
"Obviously this information is a bit unsettling, to say the least.  But it doesn't help anything to point fingers or lay blame. We need to focus on what to do next. At least we now know what we're up against, yes? I'm assuming it's safe to say we're all in agreement about not wanting these new leeches getting anywhere near the Grand?"
He gets a chorus of murmured affirmatives and nods in response. 
"Then our course is quite simple. We do the same to the warehouse as we did to St. Joseph's. The building and everything inside has to be destroyed. Kingsley, get together a fresh group of troops. Cookie, get them outfitted with supplies. Alex, how is our supply of C4?"
"Whoa now," I interrupt and get to my feet. "What do you mean fresh troops? What’s wrong with the old troops?"
Cooper glances coldly my way, obviously not impressed by my objection. I flinch a little under the steel gaze but I don’t back down. I’m not letting this go without a fight.
 "Besides the fact that you all look like death warmed over? Every one of you is covered in bloody injuries and bruises. And you all look as if you’ve been sleep deprived for a year. Shall I go on?"
"Nothing a good night’s sleep won't fix," I argue. "Besides, we already know what we’re up against. We've seen these bastards in action. We know the drill."
There's no way in hell I'm not seeing this through to the end. I have to do this. I need to see this warehouse for myself. Ever since Doc Roger mentioned it and the people inside, the need to go there has been eating at me. Even if the whole idea terrifies me at the same time.
To my surprise, Kingsley backs me up. "She's right. No point in switching up the team now. Besides, you're looking at the most experienced field members right here. No sense taking the greener recruits from the wall. Truth be told, we can't afford to take any guards from the wall. I even suggest you increase the watch and equip them with as much fire power as you can. Better to be safe than sorry."
"Yup, have to agree with Bix and Kingsley, both," Luke chimes in as he steps my way. "We're seeing this through to the end."  
Cooper stares us down. At first I fear he’s going to deny us and I tense up, ready to argue more. But finally he strokes his gray beard and heaves a deep sigh. "Very well, looks like I'm out voted. Alex and Beth, stay. We need to work out some numbers on our weapon supplies. Tony and Jeff, you two see about increasing the watch on the wall, ASAP. Cookie and Dan, can I trust you to see that these poor people get fed and accommodated properly?" He gestures to the St. Joseph's group. Cookie nods sullenly at his question. "Good. The remainder of you, rest up. You move out at first light."
***
I know I told Cooper that all I needed was sleep, but sleep is the furthest thing from my mind right now. I did go to my room and try after Nurse Cheryl stitched up my back. I really did. But my body is too wound up, and my mind refuses to shut down. All I can think about is that stupid warehouse and what we just might find there.
So I head down to the gym instead, in the frigid bowels of the Grand's basement. Even though there’s never any heat wasted down here, I don't feel the cold at the moment. Not anymore. My body is covered in a film of sweat as I snap punches at the heavy bag, wishing I could snap the crazy thoughts just as easily out of my head. My flow is nice and steady as I walk around the bag, letting my punches naturally bounce off and come back to me. Pain slices through my shoulder with every blow, but I relish it. It reminds me I’m still alive, while poor Taylor is not. I concentrate on the pain. It helps distract from my other thoughts.
I'm so focused on the flow—so in the zone, that I don't even hear anyone enter the room until she's almost on top of me.
"Bixby," she yells in my ear, and I fall into the bag with my punch.
"Jesus Christ," I yell as I swivel around. "What the fu...oh sorry, Mrs. D. Didn't hear you come in."
"Of course you didn't, dear," she says through her pursed lips. "You were too focused on that hangy bag thing. But now that I'm here, please refrain from the language, okay?"
"Yes, Ma'am," I say, wiping my nose with my glove. She stares at me, tsking in disapproval as she scrutinizes my array of bruises and bandages. My sleeveless tank top does nothing to hide what the last couple of days have done to my body.
"You look like you've literally been beaten with a bag of bricks," she says bluntly.
I nod. "Yeah, I've had better days. Something I can do for you, Mrs. D?" I'm curious why she would seek me out. I’ve never seen her come down to the basement before. 
"Well, yes, dear. There is,” she says as she pulls her sweater tight around her thin frame and crosses her arms. Her faded gray eyes stare straight into mine. “The council is walking around here like they all have sticks shoved up their butts. There's this bunch of strangers being paraded through the halls that no one is allowed to have any contact with. And you and Luke look like you've both just barely made it back from death's door. What the heck is going on?"
Ah, she was simply being a nosey Nancy. Typical. Must be driving her mad not knowing all the details.
"You saw Luke? Why didn't you ask him?"
She gives a dry little laugh. "I did. But his lips were tighter than a gnat's arse. Seriously, I hope he loosens up more when you two are being intimate."
I almost choke on my own damn spit.
She rolls her eyes at my look of shocked horror. "Oh please. I was young once too, you know. I know what's going on between the two of you. Everyone knows. Not like you two can hide it. And there's nothing wrong with that. Life is too short to not be enjoying the things that make you happy. Now, what would make me happy is to know what's going on. Something bad is happening, and we have the right to know what it is. We all live here as well."
She's right. They did deserve to know. Besides, no one made us promise not to tell.
I peel my gloves off, tossing them to the side. Grabbing my T shirt from the concrete floor, I use it to wipe the sweat from my face, mulling over how I should put this. How much do I tell her? How much can she handle?
"Alright. Basically, Mrs. D, we’re up shit creek. St. Joseph's was wiped out by a new breed of leech. Those people you saw are the only survivors. These new leeches are smarter, stronger, and damn well uglier than what we're used to. We took out the ones at the hospital, but they were only the tip of the iceberg. Apparently there's a warehouse outside the city holding about two hundred more of these creatures, just waiting to be born. Our task is to blow up this warehouse and hopefully everything inside before they hatch, or whatever the fuck it is they do, and find their way here. Because if they find us, we’re as good as dead. Our walls won't keep them out. And that's pretty much it in a nutshell."
If the information dump wasn't so damn dismal, I would have laughed at the look on her face. First time I've seen Mrs. D speechless, ever. She stares at me, her face drained of color and her mouth hanging slack. I almost feel bad about being so brutally honest. She isn't about to have a heart attack or anything, is she? But then she closes her mouth with an audible snap.
"Well that fucking sucks assholes," she says, and it's my turn to be utterly speechless. Did that really just come out of her mouth? It sounds so wrong on so many levels that I can't help myself. I start laughing. Uncontrollable and maniacal laughter. I laugh so hard my stomach cramps and my legs go weak. Gasping for air, I stumble to one of the wooden benches lining the wall. I plop down hard, bending over and resting my elbows on my knees. I stay that way for a while, snorting my fool head off. 
"I'm sorry, Mrs. D," I gasp out in between chuckles, wiping the tears out of the corner of my eyes. “But that was fucking hilarious.” Another fit of giggles kicks in, kind of negating the apology. She joins me on the bench, the wrinkles in her cheeks magnified by her huge grin.
"Don't be, dear. I should be the one apologizing, but that really threw me for a loop. Not something I was expecting to hear. No wonder Cookie is walking around looking like she sucked on more sour lemons than usual."
"Stop it, you're killing me," I groan, rubbing my sore cheeks. She can't help but laugh along with me. Don't know why I found it all so hilarious. A side effect of sleep deprivation, maybe?
Our laughter slowly subsides, tapering off to a couple of quiet chuckles. I lean back against the wall, resting my head on the cold surface, totally wiped. 
A lull follows as we get ourselves back under control.
"It's bad, isn't it?" she asks eventually and I nod in response.
"It doesn't look good."
She sighs. "Well, I guess this is as good a time as any for this then." 
Curious, I watch as she pulls a small tin flask out of her sweater pocket. Really? Mrs. D is a boozer? I never would have guessed. And to think, all she ever offered me was tea.
She unscrews the top and raises it in the air. "Over the lips and through the gums, watch out gut, here it comes." Then follows through with a healthy swig. Wiping her mouth with the back of her hand, she grins as she holds it out to me. I eye it suspiciously. I've had my encounters with Jonesy's wicked brews. Not something I can say I’ve enjoyed much.
"Go on, take it," she says, waving the flask at me. "It's the good stuff. It's real. A fifty-year-old scotch. None of that crap they call booze here. I have a nice supply of this stuff I keep hidden for special occasions."
I refrain from asking where or how she got it. I don't think I want to know. Instead I accept the offered flask and take a mouthful. It burns. All the way down the gullet and straight to the gut. I take another.
"It's good," I gasp, my throat burning with every word. I try to hand it back, but she waves it away. 
"Keep it. I think you may need this a little more than me at the moment. You can return it when you get back. Okay?" The look in her watery eyes belies the smile on her lips. She's worried I won't come back. Her concern touches me on so many levels.
"I promise," I say, blinking rapidly against the damn tears forming in my eyes. I just hope it's a promise I can keep. She studies my face before unexpectedly pulling me into a tight embrace, my body groaning in protest at the painful contact. She's got quite a grip for a frail little old lady. Must be the scotch. But I don’t push her away. It feels nice.
"Promise me something else." She holds me close and strokes my hair soothingly.
"What?" I say through the thickness in my throat.
"Promise me you’ll take a shower. Like right now. No offense, but you really do smell, dear."
I laugh wetly into her shoulder. That's a promise I'm able to keep.






CHAPTER TWELVE

The last few days had been a nightmare; finding out about the existence of a new evolved leech, living through two damned explosions, and being covered in bruises and cuts from asshole to appetite. But it was all a piece of cake compared to dealing with Amy right now.
I’d gone to see her and Liv as soon as I finished taking Mrs. D’s advice and showered up. The water helped me to feel human again, but it hadn’t washed away any of my dread at telling them the news.
"Why do you have to leave again?" Amy glares at me over her folded arms, repeating that same question over and over. I sigh to myself, keeping my frustration with her hidden.
"Amy, I told you. It's my job. I have to leave so you and everybody here at the Grand will be safe from the leeches."
"No." She shakes her head at my answer. "I don't want you to go again. You just got home. I want you to stay here with me."
"Amy, you know Bixby doesn't have a choice." Even Liv is losing patience with the girl, and when it comes to Amy, she usually has the patience of a saint. "Now calm down. You’re going to give yourself a nose bleed."
"I don't care. I don't care. I don't care!" Each shout is accompanied by a foot stamp and Amy’s face is getting redder by the moment. Not wanting to face a full blown tantrum, I lay a comforting hand on her shoulder but she shrugs it away.
"I don't want you to go. No, no, no, no," she screams in my face.
Oh for Christ’s sake. I really don't understand what has her so worked up this time. I’ve never seen her react like this before. It's kind of unnerving me, not to mention trying my patience. At my wits end, I give Liv my “what the fuck?” look.
"Amy, stop it right now." Liv's stern voice has the desired effect. Amy’s not used to hearing that tone from Liv, and she stops yelling. She keeps glowering at me though.
“I've gone out hundreds of times, Ames. I always come back. Why are you freaking out?"
She refuses to answer my question. Quiet now, she just keeps glowering at me with her typical stubborn look, tongue protruding from her lips. I know that look all too well. I may as well give up on her. Sighing, I throw my hands up in the air.
"Fine. Whatever. I just wanted to say goodbye before I leave in the morning, but if you're gonna glower at me all night then I'm out. I'll see you both when I get back." I start to go.
"Please don't go, Bix," Amy's broken whisper stops me in my tracks. I look back, shocked to see tears in her eyes. All of a sudden her face falls and she runs at me, nearly knocking me over as she crashes into my chest. My arms enfold her, and I pull her close as she starts sobbing in my chest.
"Hey, what’s with the waterworks? Stop that now." If the angry Amy had pissed me off, this crying one has thrown me for a loop. I don't know what to do with her as I pat her back awkwardly and mouth the words “help me” to Liv.
Live comes to my rescue. "Why you crying, baby girl?" She wraps her arms around the both of us and lays her chin on Amy's curly head.
"Cause Bix isn't coming back," Amy moans into my chest, and I start at the finality of her words. 
What the hell does that mean?
Liv's shocked expression certainly must reflect my own. Pulling her away from my chest, Liv stares the girl in the face.
"Of course she is. Why would you say such a thing?"
"Sam told me."
The words are like a dash of ice water down my neck. Liv's brow furrows in puzzlement.
"What are you talking about, love? What do you mean, Sam told you?"
"Last night in my dreams. Sam was talking to me like he always does. And he said I had to tell Bix she couldn't go on this run. Said it was too dangerous, and that if she went, things would never be the same. That she wouldn't come back. Bix, I can't lose you too, like Sammy. I can't!" 
The waterworks start up again and I swallow hard, trying to dislodge the lump in my throat.
"Awww, baby girl, it was just a dream." Liv wipes the tears gently from Amy's face. "Bix will be fine. Besides, I don't think Sam was telling you that you were going to lose Bix. I think maybe he was just warning her to be careful."
"Liv is right." I smile at the girl, even though her words have unnerved me. "So I promise to be extra careful. And besides, where we’re going is a whole new area. I just might find that movie you're looking for. What is it again? SpiderMan, or something like that?"
"DragonHeart," she replies, part sob, part laugh, but a slight smile tilts her lips. I'm glad to see the smile, as small as it is. Her eyes open wide like she just remembered something important. "Wait right here," she orders me and makes a beeline for her room. I watch her go.
"It's just a dream, Bixby," Liv says to me gently and I nod, struggling to hide my fear.
"I know. It still freaked me out some, gotta admit."
"Yeah, me too. That was fucking spooky as hell,” Liv says.
“Oh, thanks for the cheerful optimism. Makes me feel so much better,” My voice is desert dry.
Liv chooses to ignore my sarcasm.  “She’s right, though. I don’t understand why you’re going on this mission either. You’re exhausted; it’s plain to see. Why don’t you ask Cooper if you can stay out of this one--" 
“No.” My vehement response cuts her off. “I’m not backing out. I need to do this.”
Mercifully Amy chooses that moment to come barreling back in, preventing Liz from prying into my overzealous response. How can I explain it to her when I don’t understand the obsession myself? The girl’s plump fist is held out in front of her like she’s holding an object of utmost importance.
"I almost forgot. Sam said I had to give you this."
She shoves the object in my face. It’s the dragon necklace Sam had given her for her sixteenth birthday. An intricate, stainless steel work of art. Amy had instantly fallen in love with the piece but had been thrilled even more when she found out the tail was actually a small knife blade. Sam had been tickled pink by her reaction. 
I stare at it sadly. The memory of the day we’d found it as clear in my head as if it were yesterday. 
We had still been in training as hunters and shouldn't even have walked away from Cooper and the group that day, but Sam was determined to find his sister something for her birthday. So while Cooper was showing the group of twenty-five trainees how to clear a building of leeches, we’d crept two blocks over to the main district. 
We knew exactly where we were headed. On the way earlier, we’d spotted the game shop Sam used to practically live in as a kid before the world went to shit. The stairway to the upper level shop was tucked inconspicuously between two brownstone jewelers. Easily overlooked if you didn't know it was there. 
The windows had long since been busted out, and everything was covered in layers of dust and grime. But we’d clung to the hope that this place wouldn't have been looted like the jewelry stores down below. 
We were right. Unlike the shops on the main level, it had barely been touched. I never did get the looting part. I mean, what good was a bag full of jewelry in an alien invasion? Diamonds may be a girl’s best friend, but they sure as hell wouldn't stop a leech from ripping out your throat.
It hadn't taken us long to find the costume jewelry stand. Knocked over and laying in a pile of dead leaves, it was covered in dirt and cobwebs. We’d cleared away the leaves and stood it back upright. The cardboard backings had rotted away and most of the cheap, silver-plated charms had fallen to the floor in a din of clatter. Not this one, though. Not the one he specifically had in mind. I remember our shocked surprise at it still being there. But there it was, hanging like it was meant to be. 
We’d snatched up the steel dragon and hightailed back to the group, giggling all the way like two little school kids that had gotten away with playing hooky. Only we hadn't gotten away with anything. Cooper had been standing on the corner waiting for us, the look on his face plainly stating we were in some serious shit. Five weeks of dish duty had been our punishment for that one. But the excitement on Amy's face at the sight of the gift had been worth every damn minute of dishpan hands.
Now that item she treasured most above anything else Sam had ever given her is being offered willingly to me.
"I can't take that, Amy. That was your sweet sixteen gift. Sam would never want you to give that away."
"Sammy said you needed it more than I did," she replies, still holding it out to me. When I don't take the offering, she jiggles it at me impatiently. "Take it, Bix." I start to shake my head. "Please," she pleads quietly. I can't refuse that plea. With a slight nod, I let her place it around my neck. Her arms fold around my waist once more as she pulls me close.
"Promise me you'll be safe and come back. Because you know how I feel about promises."
"I promise," I say around the lump in my throat. Liv steps in for a hug as well, but I cut it short. Their damn touchy-feely shit is getting to me, and I need to get out of here before I make a blubbering fool of myself.
"See you on the flip side, ladies," I choke out the words over my shoulder as I bolt from the room.
I clutch at the necklace like it’s a lifeline, making my way down the poorly lit stairwell. Amy's words have bothered me far more than I care to admit. Was it just a dream, or was it an omen of something about to occur? 
As many runs as I’ve been on over the years, as many times I’ve faced leeches, what we’re doing tomorrow is something totally new and a hundred times more dangerous. Even though my heart is telling me I have to do this, my gut is telling me Amy may just be right.
On edge and fear thrumming through my body, I make a sudden decision. Passing by my floor, I take the stairwell down to the next level. As much as I hate to admit it, I don't want to be alone tonight. I don't want to think about what is...and what may be. I don't want to think at all. I need a distraction. And I know exactly what kind of distraction I want. Hopefully, he will let me in. 
***
"Alright already. I'm coming," Luke's deep voice penetrates the door in response to my insistent knocking. The door is yanked open, and I'm treated to a whole lot of manly eye candy. My eyes move slowly from the rumpled blonde hair down to the toned bare chest and muscled pecs. My heartbeat spikes into overdrive as my gaze drops even further. Down the flat, ripped abs to the seriously low hanging drawstring sweats. I must have gotten him out of bed. What a shame. 
"Why don't you take a fucking picture; it would last longer." He throws my words back at me, but there's no malice in them, only underlying amusement. I tear my eyes away, suddenly realizing I’m reacting to him like some cat in heat. I can feel the warmth flooding my cheeks.
He leans into the door, folding his arms across that impressive chest and raising a brow in question. “Are you gonna stand there gawking all night, or are you gonna tell me why you aren't in bed trying to get some sleep before we leave..." he glances at the watch on his wrist “...in about five hours?"
I scowl at him to cover my embarrassment. "Are you gonna talk my damn ear off all night, or are you gonna ask me in, dickwad?" 
This elicits that damned sexy, dimpled grin. Rubbing a hand over his stubbly jaw he moves obligingly out of my way with an exaggerated flourish of his arm.  “Come on in, you silver-tongued devil.”
I slide past him into the room, slamming the door behind me with my foot.
"So, to what do I owe this unexpected visit?” I cut him off abruptly, planting my mouth firmly on his before I can change my mind. To his credit, he overcomes his surprise quickly enough. After his initial shock, his lips respond to mine, greedy and hungry. I run my hands up his bare back. I can feel the heat radiating off of his body, and it starts a fire burning in my lower regions. God, I love the feel of his body.
Without breaking contact from his delectable lips, I start unbuttoning my shirt and yanking at the sleeves, fighting to get the damn thing off.
"Bix," he moans against my lips.
I respond by nipping his bottom lip between my teeth, tugging gently as the shirt falls to the floor.
"Bix," he says again, more urgently this time and pushing me away slightly.
"What?" I snap. Is he seriously shutting me down right now?
"You sure about this?" he asks, his brown eyes staring apprehensively into mine. No, he isn't trying to stop me. In typical Luke fashion, he’s making sure I really want this. God help me. What am I going to do with him? The erotic images popping into my head gives me all the answer I need.
I respond by reaching behind my back and unhooking my bra. Slowly, I shimmy my way out of it and hold it out at arm’s length before letting it slip from my fingers. His eyes open wide and roam over my bare breasts, his gaze hungry. I swear I can feel the heat from his eyes scorch my skin, and my nipples stiffen in response. My breath quickens as his finger trails lightly up my stomach, stopping on my chest and the small dragon hanging there. He touches it with a raised brow.
"Isn't this Amy's?" he questions quietly, but I don't want to go into any detail.
"You wanna talk? Or you wanna do this?"
He licks his lips, his eyes dropping down to my chest again. I can see the very obvious affect my nakedness is having on him.
"Talking is so fucking overrated." He slips his arm around my waist. He pulls me close, crushing my naked chest to his hot flesh, and I can feel that pleasurable ache throbbing between my thighs. 
My hands slide down his thick forearms, and my fingers gently brush across his abdomen. He jumps at my touch. His hands tangle in my hair, the evidence of his overwhelming need fueling my own sharp desire.
I fumble at his waist, untying his sweats and he deftly steps out of them. A low groan vibrates in his chest as his throbbing nakedness comes into contact with my bare stomach. He starts to move, and I clutch at him, trying to steady myself as he steers me backward toward the rumpled bed.
Lowering me onto the mattress, he yanks at my denims with a frantic urgency. I lift my bottom to better accommodate him. In one fell swoop, the jeans and underwear come off and get tossed carelessly to the floor. He falls onto the bed, bracing himself above me. I raise my arms to twine around his neck, but he catches my bandaged arm in his big hand, a look of concern overriding the desire.
"Your injuries..." he says, but I shake my head at him.
"It's fine, just a few stitches. Don't stop," I urge, my voice pleading. I don’t have to twist his arm.
Slowly, he lowers his head until his lips are back on mine. The kiss is long and hard, and in it I can feel how much he wants this. How much he wants me.
He breaks away, his lips switching to my neck now. Feathery kisses pepper my neck and collarbone, causing goosebumps to erupt over my fevered skin. His tongue trails down the valley between my breasts, and I can feel every nerve ending spark to life. He dips lower still. Tantalizing, butterfly soft kisses trail down my stomach, along my inner thighs, and I squirm in anticipation. He finally nestles between my thighs and my body spasms from the slight flicking of his tongue. I want to scream from the exquisiteness of the sensations. Soft moans of pleasure escape my lips in little breaths and he responds in kind, like some primitive mating call. I close my eyes reveling in the ecstasy, my fists curling into the blankets.
Right before that moment though, just before the point of my no return, he stops. I cry in protest as my eyes pop open in utter disbelief. Lifting my head, I stare down between my legs, fearing he must have keeled over from a heart attack, or a brain hemorrhage, or some sort of tongue atrophy. There can't possibly be any other reason for him to stop doing what he’s doing. 
Luke stares back at me, fit as a fiddle. A huge jackass grin plastered across his face with knowledge that he has damn well just left me hanging on that precipice. I am going to kill him.
"What the fuck?" I say in disbelief.
"What's the matter, Bix?" he mocks, eyes open wide in feigned innocence. "No fun being blue-balled is it?"
Ah, so that's what this is. Payback. Sonofabitch. 
"Okay, you made your point. Now finish what you started," I threaten through gritted teeth.
"Ask me nicely," he says, running a finger teasingly up my thigh.
"Fuck you," I growl in response.
"You can...if you ask me nicely," he chuckles softly. 
I have every intention of telling him where to go and what to do to himself once he got there. Emma Bixby doesn't beg for no one. But his wandering finger skims across the apex between my legs and dips teasingly, causing me to arch my back like some damned cat.
"Please," I beg, biting my lip to keep from moaning as he continues his ministrations. Figuring he has tortured me enough, he mercifully does as ordered. I ignore his annoying snicker of victory at my concession. At this point in time, I really don't care who won this battle of wills. There’s only one goal on my mind right now.
He moves back up, hovering over me once again. His body molds mine as his lips take possession of my mouth. The kiss is filled with an urgency neither of us can deny anymore. He enters me swiftly, meeting my frantic pace, my overwhelming need for him, thrust for thrust. And as we finally become one, I know at that exact moment there’s no other place I'd rather be right now than here in his arms.
***
"Luke?" I whisper in the dark. 
His rumbled, "Hmmm?" is more irritation than question. 
I ignore his annoyance. "What do you think we’ll find tomorrow?"
His arm curls tighter around my waist, pulling me closer to his body still slick with sweat.
"Go to sleep, Bix," he murmurs against my back.
If only I could. But my mind refuses to shut down. Amy's words are still ringing in my ears. That, coupled with the knowledge of what we may face tomorrow, has all sorts of scenarios playing out in my head. Scenarios that do not end well.
"But what do you think we’ll find? Do you think those things have already hatched, or evolved, or whatever the hell it is they do, and have already moved on? Or do you think they’ll be lying in wait for us?"
His sigh is loud, the puff of air tickling the back of my neck. "You're not going to let this go, are you?" he sighs again, answering his own question. "No, of course you're not. I really don't know, Bix. Doc Roger seems to think they accelerated the change of the others. So I hope we’ll find the rest all still in stasis and we’ll take care of them no problem."
He throws his bare leg over mine and snuggles deeper into my back, conversation done. 
"Yeah, maybe," I say, but my voice lacks conviction. I let him snuggle a few more minutes in silence.
"But what if they’ve become those hybrids already? What if we find a shitload of those things just waiting for us? What’ll we do? What’s the plan?"
"You're fucking kidding me, right?" he growls at me as he rolls over onto his back and stares up at the ceiling. "You do realize we have to be on the road in, hmmm, let’s see...three hours or so. And now...now you want to be a chatty Patty?"
"I think it's called a chatty Cathy--"
"I don't give a fuck what it's called! It's 2 a.m., Bix. Go to sleep."
"I can't," I whisper in a broken voice, my heart jack-hammering in my chest. "Amy told me I was going to die and...I'm afraid."
In all the time I’ve known Luke, in all the time we’ve been sleeping together, I’ve never admitted to being afraid of anything. I've always kept this wall between us. A barrier between the sex and the friendship. I've always treated him with a cool arrogance, most times downright bitchiness. Anything to keep him from getting too close. Admitting any kind of emotion, even fear, would be opening me up to letting him in. And I’m in no way ready to let anyone that close again.
Maybe it's because I'm overtired. Maybe it's because I'm still in shock from the events of the past few days, but here I am, fessing up to being afraid of a stupid dream. I’m about to open up a whole new can of worms here and I can't help myself. I think my confession shocks me just as much as it shocks him.
He pushes himself up on one elbow, nearly blinding me as he snaps on his bedside lamp. In the harsh glow of the lamp, I immediately regret my words and I try to roll out of bed. To run away. But he doesn't let me. Flipping me over onto my back he pins me, his thick arms planted firmly on either side.
"Oh, no, you aren't going anywhere. Not after a statement like that. Amy told you that you’re going to die? Why would she say such a fucking crummy thing?"
I squirm and try to get away again, but he pins me tighter. His demanding eyes bore into mine.
"Talk to me, Bix. Why would she say that to you? Why would she even think it?"
"It was just a stupid dream, okay," I hiss. "Just a stupid freakin' dream. And I'm letting it get to me way too much." I try to laugh, but I'm horrified to hear it come out more like a sob. Oh, great. Now I'm going to blubber like a baby in front of Luke as well? I bite my lip, trying to hold the craziness in.
His eyes soften; reflecting the glow of the lamp and making them look like they were lit from within. I never noticed before, but in this light, his eyes remind me of velvety, melted chocolate.
"A dream? Come on, Bix. When have you ever been scared of a dream?"
"I know, right? I know it sounds crazy. But she made it sound so real. She said Sam came to her in her dream and told her I couldn't go on this outing because...because I wouldn't come back. She has herself convinced it's true."
He chuckles softly. "Amy also has herself convinced Cookie is a wonderful and giving person, and we sure as hell know that’s a crock of buttered shit." 
I snort at his use of my words but turn away from him. I'm scared he's going to see the tears forming in my eyes.
"Hey," he says, gentle fingers trying to turn my head back. I fight against the pressure, but his hand grips my chin more firmly and twists my face to meet his.
"This outing is going to be no different from any other outing we've ever been on. We’ll do our job and come back, same as always. Nothing is going to happen to you, Emma Bixby, not as long as I’m around. I won't let it. And that's not a promise, that's a guarantee. Got it? So dream Sam can take his dire warning and go fuck himself."
Horrified, I can feel the tears starting to leak out of the corner of my eyes. I can't help it. That’s one of the nicest things anyone has said to me in a very long time. Impulsively I raise my lips to his. The kiss is gentle at first. A slow and lingering thank you.  But it soon heats up, fueled by my heightened jumble of emotions. And as if Luke understands that this is the only way for me to express my feelings fully, he takes what he can get and round two begins. 






CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Morning comes way too soon. Whoever made this decision to be on the road at 5 a.m. should be shot. I’m not a happy camper as I watch the sun rise, bringing to light the metal wasteland below us.
The forty-foot embankment we’re standing on overlooks the eastbound lanes leading out of the city. Wrecks and pileups litter the road as far as the eye can see. Burned out husks of cars and minivans and tractor trailers block the highway for miles. What had once been a cornucopia of supplies is now simply an abandoned jungle of rusting metal. 
The tractor trailers had been the first to be looted, anything of value already claimed. And the dead inhabitants of the wreckage long since rotted away. Mother Nature had tried to repossess the once intrusive asphalt and metal, covering the ruins in weeds and tall grasses. But still, the sight of the vehicle graveyard spooks me. A chilling reminder of an era that no longer exists. 
This isn’t the first time I’ve seen this stretch of highway. We’ve salvaged here ourselves more than once. But today it has an ominous vibe about it. The cold shiver that passes over my body is not caused by the cool north breeze alone. It's helped along by the thought of traversing this breeding ground for disaster.
 The city we know like the back of our hands. We've already pretty much explored and memorized every shortcut and alleyway and safety zone. This...this is whole new territory. This is outside our comfort zone. A wasteland of unknown space. Hiding spots for the enemies we know nothing about. This highway terrifies me almost as much as knowing what waits for us on the other end.
My companions don't instill much fucking confidence either. It’s bad enough Cal and Badger are missing. Cal's broken ankle and Badger's messed up head made it impossible for them to go with us as much as they wanted to. So we have new additions--ones I don't like at all. Kingsley and Kelly are alright, but having Wentworth with us makes me uneasy. Ever since the way he reacted to me at St. Joseph's, I don't trust him. He and Dom suddenly seem to be thick as thieves, and that worries me...a lot. 
Add to that troublesome fact, we also have the little blonde doctor in tow. What did she call herself again? Jenny Lynn or Jessie Lee. Something stripper-ish like that. I call her a liability. I don't care that she’s a doctor, or that she was part of the extraction team that helped bring the “infected” back to St. Joseph's, or that she can guide us straight to the warehouse. I think having her with us is just asking for trouble. I was surprised as hell when she insisted on going with us. Even more surprised when Cooper agreed.
I watch her now, standing in Luke's shadow as he surveys the highway below us. She barely comes to his chest; she’s such a petite little woman. Older than what I had at first thought. I mean, she would have to be. Apparently she’d been a resident when the world went to shit eight years ago, so that has to put her in her early thirties at least. But still, so damn cute. Ugh. I've always hated tiny women. At my height they always make me feel so gangly and awkward. I suddenly want to rip every shiny hair out of her perfectly formed ponytail and shove it right up her cute little button nose.
Christ. What is wrong with me today? Why am I in such a mood? I'm sure the lack of sleep last night isn't helping. Although Luke didn't get any more sleep than I did, but he doesn't seem to be the crank-ass I am. Maybe I can lay blame to the injury on my shoulder blade. It's itching and burning like crazy this morning. As much as I told Luke last night there was nothing to worry about, I think I busted a couple of stitches during our first romp. Or maybe it had been during the second. Not that it hadn't been well worth it, but perhaps I shouldn't have been so...physical. Too late to cry over spilled milk and all that shit. I’m just going to have to suck it up. There’s no way I am asking blondie to look at it.
I shift the M16 hanging on my back so that it rests against the backpack more than the injury. It doesn't feel right carrying the weapon but after witnessing the hybrids in action, I know knives alone are useless. If we come across any more of those bastards, my plan is to blow their damned heads off, plain and simple. Taylor's decapitation still burns in my memory, and there’s no way in hell I’m going to let those things get close enough to let that happen. As much as shooting a gun makes me become that terrified little girl cowering in the corner waiting for her monster dad to rip her apart, it was preferable to losing my own head. Push comes to shove; I will use the damn thing. I'm not that crazy.
"Okay. All clear," Luke's comment elicits a groan of relief. 
This is the part of any run that I hated the most. The waiting. I know it’s a necessary precaution, but I’m anxious to get on the move. At least it will take my mind off of my discomfort.
"So you're positive this is the right way, Jessica?" Luke questions the tiny blonde.
She nods. "One hundred percent. I recognize that Mr. Christy truck. We took shelter in it from a wicked thunder storm. I'm not sure how far we traveled this highway, but I’ll know the turnoff when I see it. It was quite a walk; I remember that much. Sorry, I'm not much good with directions."
I snort loud enough that she hears me. Luke, too, I take it, since the scowl he sends my way tells me I'm not helping. I give him my most innocent "What?" look back in return.
He chooses to ignore me. Instead he addresses the group.
"We'll travel along the median. That's our safest bet. The tall grass and trees lining the highway are too risky. Leeches, ravagers, anything could be hidden in there, and we wouldn't see it until too late. We stick close to the median, that way we'll have plenty of warning if anything tries to sneak up on us. Bix and I will take point--Jess you stick with us. Kelly and Dom, left flank. Wentworth and Gordon right flank. Kingsley and Mike will bring up the rear. If Jessica's info is correct, we should reach our destination before nightfall. Get ready to move double time. We don't want to be stuck on this highway in the dark. Any questions?"
There aren't. Simple enough plan and we all know what we have to do. Get to the warehouse without becoming leech fodder and blow those hybrid bastards to hell. How hard can it be? Like Luke said, best scenario we get there before nightfall.
Getting down the embankment is the hardest part. It had rained the night before and the saturated ground is slippery as hell, leaving us on our asses more so than our feet. Once we hit the highway; however, it gets easier. The foliage growing along the median isn't as deep and thick as expected. Pretty easy going actually and we soon find ourselves falling into a quick pace. 
The first few hours go by in complete silence. Other than a few barked commands from Luke, we keep our eyes and ears peeled for the slightest sound or movement. Knowing those hybrids may very well be out there has put us all on edge. But eventually the monotony of the walk and the endless sea of wrecked vehicles force us into being a little more talkative. The blonde doc had first stuck to us like glue but has now fallen back some. I can hear her faint comments and slight giggles as Dom and Wentworth flirt with her, vying shamelessly for the attention of the new chick on the block.
My backpack shifts slightly, causing the gun to bump against the bandage on my back and I grimace at the sharp jab of pain. Luke, attentive as always, notices my discomfort.
"You okay?"
I nod. "Yeah, I'm fine. Just got a little too rambunctious last night is all."
He grins but plays dumb, pretending to have no idea what I’m referring to. “Oh? What were you up to last night?"
I chuckle softly. Two can play at this game. "Not much. Went downtown, had a few drinks, picked up some random dude in a bar. Had a one-night stand."
"Really. Sounds like you had a fun night."
"Meh, it was alright. Guy was a bit of a tease, but he had some decent moves."
He glances at me sideways. "Just decent?"
"Yeah, decent. I mean he wasn't bad and all, but I think he was a bit of a novice. I don't think he's had too much experience. Maybe he needs a bit more practice when it comes to pleasing members of the opposite sex, since I don't think the use of one's right hand counts as experience."
His laughter rumbles from deep in his chest. "You are such a bitch sometimes. I didn't hear any complaints from you last night while I was curling your toes."
I respond with a very unladylike snort at his choice of words. "Really? Curling my toes? Did you pick that out of some fucking Harlequin romance novel? You crack me up, Luke Whitman."
"Ohhhh, I crack you up and curl your toes. Am I starting to see a hairline fracture in that hard exterior of yours, Emma Bixby?"
"You're gonna see my knuckle right between the eyes if you ever call me Emma again." I scowl at him. "You know I hate that name. Makes me feel like I'm five years old again for Christ's sake."
"And here we go with the threats again," he sighs dramatically. "You know I would offer to curl your toes more often if you were nicer to me."
I snort a little louder at the look of bullshit innocence on his face. "Thanks for such a generous offer. I'll keep that in mind the next time my toes need 'curling'. Good of you to put yourself out there like that."
He shrugs at me. "Hey, what can I say? I'm a nice guy."
"And you know what they say about nice guys?"
"Yeah, they finish last. I proved that last night, didn't I? That's my code of honor; ladies first." He wiggles his eyebrows at me, and I can't help the cackle that rips out of me. Sometimes I tend to forget how funny Luke can be. It feels good to laugh. He joins in, our quiet laughter a soothing balm to our raw nerves. 
Eventually the laughter fades away and we walk in silence a bit more. Last night's events are swirling about in my brain, and I feel a little embarrassed at having shown Luke that emotional side of me. Sam had been the only man to have ever earned my trust enough to see that. Having shown it to Luke feels like a betrayal somehow on my part. Betrayal mixed weirdly with gratitude. 
"Luke."
He looks up at my quiet use of his name.
I glance around; making sure no one is paying attention. "About last night..."
He shakes his head at me. "Don't say it, Bix."
I stare at him in puzzlement. 
"I know what you’re about to say. You’re about to say it was a mistake and that it shouldn't have happened. Last night was a milestone as far as I’m concerned. I saw a side of you I’ve never seen before. A vulnerable side and I'm flattered you chose to share it with me. So don't you dare say you regret it, because I sure as hell don't. Why do you think you have to be this tough, unfeeling bitch all the time?"
"Luke," I try to interrupt, but he cuts me off.
"No, let me finish. It's only human to be scared. And it's only human to want companionship, to have someone tell you everything’s going to be okay. You don't have to go about this alone all the time, Bix. It was damn nice to see you letting those walls down and letting me in. So no, last night was not a mistake and I don't want to hear you say otherwise."
"You done?" I ask when he finally pauses for breath.
"For now," he snaps.
"Good," I say, the laughter evident in my voice. "Because all I wanted to say about last night is thank you. Even though your opinion of me is less than flattering. Tough, unfeeling bitch, huh?" The look of consternation on his face is priceless. "Always such a drama queen," I cluck at him as I walk ahead, chuckling to myself. 
***
All that's left of the sun is a red fireball in the evening sky by the time Blondie pipes up.
"This is it. This is the turnoff to the warehouse."
Sighing gratefully as we pull to a stop, I drop the backpack and rub my aching shoulder. The off ramp she gestures to is blocked with vehicles and trucks, just like every other one we had passed these past few hours. And looks just the same.
"You sure?" I question, squinting down the road that leads through what was once a sturdy chain link fence. Now the fence is barely recognizable through the foliage of vines and flora that have grown over it. She nods at my question.
"Yes, I recognize the sign."
She points to a sun faded billboard, half of it broken off. The remaining piece has the barely legible words, Gateway Industries. No wonder their hunters had been out this way. Gateway Industries had been a national medical supply chain, pre-invasion. A virtual smorgasbord of supplies could be found here. Unfortunately, those warehouses of supplies also came along with warehouses full of workers. Workers that were now leeches. And trust me, being caught in a building full of leeches that haven't fed in a while and having nowhere to run, is something you want to avoid at all costs.
"A fucking leech nest," I mutter to Luke, but Blondie overhears.
"It's just two warehouses. Our group had the first one cleared before they even noticed the activity going on with the second building. That's when they discovered the...people."
"The hybrids, you mean," I mutter as my eyes scan the shadowed tree line, expecting any minute for those creatures to pop out of the brush and rip our heads from our bodies.
Luke eyes the setting sun, and although he looks as calm as always, I pick up on his concern.
"How far in are the warehouses?" he asks.
"Not far, from what I remember. Maybe thirty or forty minutes."
He glances at the red sky again, and I can read his mind. Thirty or forty minutes would put us in darkness. Darkness on a wooded road we know nothing about and no escape routes or safe zones mapped out. He turns to the silent group.
"Okay people, this is how it is. We’re close to our destination, but completing it tonight would mean traveling through unknown territory in darkness. I'll let you guys decide. You want to do this tonight, not knowing what could be lying in wait for us? Or you want to take shelter in one of these trucks and do this at daybreak? Your choice, people."
At first there’s no response. But then Kingsley pipes up.
"Don't know about the rest of you, but there’s no way in hell I’ll be able to sleep tonight knowing a warehouse of those creatures sits so close by. If I’m going to meet one of those bastards in the dark, I'd rather do it standing on my own two feet then have it take me out in my sleep."
I agree. So do the others I'm guessing, since the echo of grunts and murmur that follow his words raise no objection. No one’s happy about the choice, but we do agree on how it has to be done.
"So, it's unanimous? Alright then. Looks like we’re going in." Luke's jaw clenches slightly at his words, barely noticeable, but I see it. I know he’s worried. Damned worried. And I know the concern isn’t for him, but for the rest of us. He’s such a selfless bastard at times.
Gordon’s sigh is weary as he hoists his pack onto his back. He falls into line beside me as we make our way down the ramp.
"You know, I always dreamed of being a superhero as a kid. Always fancied myself an Avenger...Iron Man to be exact. Thought it would be freakin’ awesome to save the world and all that jazz." He surveys the dark path in front of us. It appears more menacing in the evening gloom. "Boy was I wrong. There’s nothing heroic about this crap at all. Don't know about the rest of you, but I'm scared shitless thinking about meeting up with those things again."
I laugh at his words, trying to hide my own fear. My laughter echoes hollowly back at me.
"Awww come on, Gordo. Where's your sense of adventure? And you think you're Iron Man? Really? I picture you more as Hawkeye. Now Kingsley here, he would make a good Iron Man with all his knowledge about electronic gadgets and shit."
The kid glances at me sideways. "Hawkeye? Nuh-uh, She-Hulk. I'm Iron Man all the way. Why would you even think Hawkeye? When have you ever seen me shoot a bow and arrow?"
"About the same time I saw you design yourself an iron suit that could make you fly...which is never. You’re about as much Iron Man as I am Wonder Woman."
Gordon glares at me. "You don't think I could pull off Iron Man?"
“Sure, you could pull him off,” Dom throws back over his shoulder. “If you’re into that sort of weird, superhero sex thing. But could you be him? No.”
The kid flushes at the innuendo, glaring at Wentworth and Dom as they high-five and laugh at his expense. I smother my own grin. That was a good one. Gotta give credit where credit is due.
"Hahaha. Real funny, shit-stain. Say what you want, but you’re all wrong. If any of us can be Iron Man, it's me."
The disagreement is so stupid. But it seems to ease our frayed nerves some. So I keep picking at him.
"Nope, can't see it. I can so picture this, though. Kingsley as Iron Man. Luke as Thor, of course. Kelly as Captain America. He's got that square jaw look about him. Dom is obviously the Thing." Dom snorts at my words, but I can see a slight smile playing at his lips.
"It's clobberin' time," he bellows the Thing's catch phrase in such an un-Dom-like way that I know he, like the rest of us, is scared out of his wits and trying to hide it. 
Gordon throws him another look of disgust before turning his attention back to me. 
"Okay, now you’re messing with me. The Thing is a member of The Fantastic Four; he's not really an Avenger. If you're gonna argue with me, get your heroes straight."
Rolling my eyes at him, I throw my hands up in the air. "Whatever, you ginger Geekazoid. All I'm trying to say is you're no Iron Man."
"Am too."
"Are not."
"Am too!"
"Nu-huh."
“Why you arguing this with me?”
“Cause you’re stoo-pid.”
"Bitch."
"Turdbreath."
"Rude."
"Don't dish it if you can't take it, dude."
"Seriously, how old are you two? Five? Give it up already," Kingsley snaps back over his shoulder, sounding more than a little irate. "And by the way, they’re right. You don't have the chutzpah to be Iron Man."
Kingsley's uncharacteristic remark stops me in my tracks. But it's Gordo's look of mortal offense at this that makes me lose it. I snort so hard I swear I blow a snot bubble. But the wounded puppy dog eyes he sends my way makes me feel bad for laughing at the kid. Forcing my laugh into a cough, I shrug and pound my chest like I’m choking on a bone. 
"You guys are assholes," he mutters, making the rest of the group finally crack up. I don't even try to cover my laughter this time. I can't, even if I tried. The laugh comes straight from my gut, a mixture of amusement and fear. A much-needed emotional outlet.
"Laugh all you want, dirt bags. See if I care. I was gonna share this with you guys, but the heck with you all now." He pulls a huge piece of jerky from his back pocket and waves it around like it’s some freakin' carnival prize.
"You have jerky?" I cry in disbelief. Cookie never parted with that shit unless somebody was dying and it was their last meal request. Jerky’s a highly prized item, right up there with toilet paper and chocolate. How the fuck did Gordon get some?
"Yeah, I got jerky...and you don't. Who's smarter now?" he goads, sneering in my direction and waving the jerky at me. 
I think about tackling him and snagging the jerky for myself. But then a warning of "Watch out!" echoes in my ears a split second before Gordo is side-swiped by a huge shadow and disappears down the embankment, screaming all the way. 






CHAPTER FOURTEEN

My knives are in my hands before my feet even hit the muddy floor of the ditch. I listen for the kid's screams of pain, but all I hear is the terrified pounding of my heart. He has gone completely silent. It scares me shitless. 
The dark beast hovering over the prone body lying at the bottom of the ditch is silhouetted sharply against the blood red sky. From this angle, it looks like some huge freakin' bear. A bear about to eat the kid's face off! The sound of the cocking gun beside my ear reassures me that whatever it is, it's about to be blown to smithereens. I pull back, clearing the way for Luke to take the shot.
"Don't shoot!" Gordon yells.
Relief washes over me in waves as the tightness in my chest eases off, allowing me to breathe again. The kid's still alive. But why the hell doesn't he want us to shoot that thing?
"Gordo?" Luke grunts, his finger hovering on the trigger. His question is met with giddy laughter.
"Guys, it's okay. Don't shoot. It's just a dog." His voice is muffled by the hovering thing...but did he say a dog? What the hell? A dog? Is the kid mad? Only dogs we know of would’ve had his throat ripped out by now.
I figure since Gordo’s still alive, it's safe enough to move closer. The beast stops whatever it’s doing and turns its massive head my way. The shaggy, overgrown fur hides its eyes, but the pink tongue hanging out of the drooping jowls is panting happily. Noticing my interest, the dog decides to make me its next target. Before I can back away it lunges at me. Rearing up on its back paws, the two huge front paws come down on my shoulders like a jackhammer, nearly knocking me over. It's just as tall as me. The smell of doggy breath combined with jerky assaults my senses before my face gets covered in wet, sloppy dog spittle. The disgust that’s rolling my stomach at the dripping slobber is evenly matched by my irritation that it ate the damn jerky.
"Get down," I yell, pushing it away. 
It doesn't let my anger bother it at all. It just stands there staring up at me, the shaggy tail brushing back and forth in the dirt like it was just so happy to see somebody.
"Ugh," I mutter, as I wipe the slobber from my face with my sleeve. By now the others have joined us in the ditch, their curiosity overriding their initial fear.
The thing is huge. It has to be a hundred and thirty or forty pounds at least. Black, snarled fur covers it from head to toe, like it has never known a brushing in its lifetime. Floppy ears and paws as big as Luke's size thirteens, I swear. Where the hell did it come from out here in the middle of nowhere? And more importantly, how the hell is it still alive?
We stand around, peering at the thing in utter disbelief. It stares stupidly back at us, tail wagging and tongue hanging out. Gobs of spittle drip from the corners of its droopy mouth.
"Definitely a face only a mother could love," Kelly remarks drily.
"Oh, I don't know," Doc Blondie replies. "I think he's kinda cute, in a goofy sort of way."
Of course she would.
"What is it?" Dom questions and I can't help the eye-roll I send his way.
"Duh, a dog, you twat-waffle," I say in derision.
"I know it's a dog," he snaps back. "I mean what kind of dog. And why isn't it a vicious mutt like all the other ferals around. Why didn't it rip out the kid’s throat? It attacked him--why didn't it kill him?"
"I don't think it 'attacked' me at all," Gordon says as he gets to his feet, brushing himself off. He squats beside the dog eye to eye, and scratches the beast’s ears. "You were just hungry is all, and you wanted my jerky. Right, boy?"
A low woof resonates from deep in its chest, and its tail thumps the ground double time in response to the attention.
"No shit, Sherlock," I mutter at Gordon. "I'm surprised it didn't swallow you whole along with the jerky. Look at the fucking size of it! It looks more like a bear than a dog." 
"I think it's a Newfoundland dog." Kingsley peers at it through the gloom. "If memory serves me correctly, in spite of their impressive girth, they are a very stoic breed. Quite gentle and loyal. But any dog, no matter what its demeanor, will turn feral if it has no contact with humans. This one hasn’t, which tells me it’s very used to human companionship. Someone reared this animal or else it would be as feral as the rest of them by now. Question is, who? And where are they?"
We go on the defensive at Kingsley's observation. Is this a trap? Are there people surrounding us at this very moment? Silently we survey our surroundings guns at ready, but we don't see or hear anything out of the ordinary. 
"Guys?" Gordon's whisper breaks the drawn out silence. "It's injured. It's bleeding."
He pulls his flashlight from his belt and directs it toward the animal’s right side, studying the wound.
"Looks like a knife wound and recent too."
I pull my eyes away from the trees long enough to see the hand Gordon holds up. In the weak beam, the blood looks black, but the smell is unmistakable.
"Well, odds are if that monster got injured, its owner didn't fare well either. That's not the kind of animal that would leave its master alone and injured," Kingsley adds.
"Either way, we've wasted enough time already." Luke pulls us back to the task at hand. "Each minute we stand here it's getting darker. We need to move."
He's right. 
"Come on, Hawkeye. Stop petting the doggie and move out."
Gordon gives Luke a curt nod, but sighs sorrowfully as he rubs the dog’s ears one last time.
"Sorry boy, we gotta go. Go on now." 
The dog woofs at him again, almost as if pleading with him to stay. 
"Go...git!" The kid tries to shove the dog away, but he can't budge it.
"Just leave it, Gordo," I say, hoisting my pack back on my shoulder. He stares after it sadly as he follows the rest of us up the embankment. 
"You think it'll be okay? What if it was ravagers that hurt it? What if they finally capture it?"
"Then they'll have delicious doggie steaks tonight for supper, which isn't such a bad idea. Maybe we should finish the job and cook him ourselves." Wentworth cackles at his own words and Dom joins in. It even makes me grin, but Gordon doesn't seem to find it funny at all. 
"We’re not eating the poor guy!" 
"What's the issue, Kid?" I can't help but tease him as well. "Not like we've never had dog before. Or what did you think you were eating in Cookie's mystery stew?"
"That's different. That was wild dog...feral. Not even dog, really. This poor guy is...was someone's pet. It trusts humans. We can't kill it. It's just wrong."
"Calm down, Gordo. They're yanking your chain." Luke tries to pull us all back in line again, but I can hear the laughter in his voice. "Besides, we don't have time to kill and clean it right now. If it's still there when we come back; however..."
"Why the hell do I stay with you guys?" Gordon questions, not really expecting an answer, I don't think. "You’re all no better than a bunch of ravagers yourselves."
The dog, totally unaware of our conversation about its dismal fate, has starting following us up the embankment. Gordon glances with worried eyes between it and us.
"Why are you still here? Git!" He stomps his foot at the dog and the beast startles a little, but it doesn't run.
"Big and stubborn...just how I like 'em," I tease, and it seems to pull a laugh out of everyone but Luke and Blondie. I can feel him glowering at me in the gloom as she glances back and forth at us in puzzlement.
"Forget it, Gordo," Luke says as he turns and continues down our original trajectory. "It'll take off soon enough when it realizes there's no more jerky to be had. We’ve more important things to think about right now."
Luke is right. We have a hotel full of survivors depending on us to keep them safe by destroying a warehouse full of alien, regenerating hybrids. A tamed dog is the least of our worries.
The dog has other ideas, however. It follows us on silent, padded feet. It shies away every now and again when Gordon yells at it, only to continue its tailing of us just a few minutes later.
"Why won't it go away?" Gordon mutters in concern. 
A quick glance over my shoulder confirms what he’s saying. The dog is still accompanying us down the wooded road, its massive frame easy to spot loping along in the last lingering glow of light from the fading sunset. 
"Probably hopes you're gonna be stupid enough to wave around a hunk of jerky again," Luke teases.
"Or maybe it thinks you're its mamma now, since you're so concerned over it," I rib him mercilessly, though the dog kind of worries me some too. It's the first non-feral dog I’ve seen in years. I really don't want to see anything happen to it.
Without warning, the animal leaps back onto the road and rushes ahead of us, cutting so close to Luke that he almost trips over it.
"What the hell--" Luke begins, but the ferocious growling emanating from deep in the dog's throat is enough to shut him up. 
That warning is unmistakable. The animal senses something up ahead. Something it does not like. Odds are we probably won't like it either. A quick indication from Luke to get off the road and we scatter in record time. Hidden by the cover of the thick brush, we wait for the threat to show itself. 
We don't wait long. A light soon cuts through the rapidly descending gloom, sweeping back and forth across the road and into the trees. Flashlights. So not leeches. Definitely human.
As much as the dog had growled and stood its ground, it isn't stupid. It too, has taken cover in the trees and is brushing up against my leg now, standing stiff at attention and still rumbling deep in its throat. I run my fingers through the dog’s matted fur down its side, trying to calm it. It seems to work. The growling stops, but I can feel its heartbeat racing against my palm, matching my own. Whatever’s approaching, the dog is frightened by it.
Voices float through the air, reaching us long before the owners appear in our line of sight. The voices differ in pitch, almost as if they’re arguing. I strain my ears trying to pick out words.
"...so fucking stupid! That animal is long gone. We ain't gonna find it. Why is Gunner so intent on finding that stupid thing anyway?"
"Because the fucking thing bit him, so now he wants revenge. He's gonna skin it alive and cook it real good. And he says he wants the coat. So you may as well stop grumbling about it and help look for the goddamned thing. We're not going back until we find it, so just shut your trap."
"But that could take us all night." The voice is deep and raspy, definitely no child, even though he is whining as badly as one at the moment. "Plus, we’re going to miss the cookout and I'm starvin'. We have enough meat back at camp right now that we don't need this dog. Gunner is a fucking idiot."
The laughter that follows has a ring of madness to it.
"I dare you to say that to his face. Just repeat it a little louder, the camp ain't far...he'll probably hear you. Come on, I dare ya!"
"I'm not gonna yell it and take the chance of scaring the dog away. But I'd say it to his face. Right now, if he was standing here in front of me."
"Ha! No you wouldn't, you lying bastard. Let's just say that old fogey and kid won't be the only things roasting on the fire tonight if you did." A new voice and another round of braying laughter. There are three of them at least, possibly more.
"Yeah, you're probably right about that. We could all end up on a spit if we go back empty handed, without the dog. I'm pretty sure I cut him bad earlier when he attacked us; he can't have gone that far. What was the old guy calling him again?"
"Scruff. Or Scruffy. Something like that."
A whistle burst and then a coaxing shout. "Scruff. Here boy. Come on, Scruffy, we ain't gonna hurt ya."
The dog growls quietly again, and I scratch its ears even harder. We don't need it barking and giving away our position.
"Oi! You still got the kid's sweater? Wave it around a bit. Maybe the scent will draw the dog to us."
If the conversation we just overheard isn't proof enough as to the identity of "Scruff's" pursuers, the sight of them as they’re finally illuminated by the moon verifies it. Ravagers. All dressed in their attack skins. Literally. Like olden day hunters who would wear coats and hats made from their prey, ravagers wore the skins of their conquests as well. Layers and layers of human skins worn about their shoulders like a cloak of honor. Or horror depending on how you looked at it. Some of them even wore necklaces of dismembered ears or fingers, sometimes teeth; whatever appealed to their sick fetishes. The dog shivering beside me is more human than those creatures, of that there’s no doubt.
Question is, what are they doing out here in the middle of nowhere? Ravagers’ hunting grounds are usually confined to people trapping in the city. Out here the population’s too sparse. You could go for weeks and not see anything other than leeches. Kind of hard to hunt when there’s no prey. Plus, we knew the names of all the ravager leaders in the city. We’d heard enough horror stories from the odd survivor. Gunner is definitely not a name we’ve heard before. Which means these are probably no city ravagers. Trust us to be lucky enough to stumble across the country bumpkin’s version.
We stay hidden as they pass by, still yelling to the dog and waving something around in the air. I eyeball Luke to see if we’re going to do anything about the offending pieces of shit, but he shakes his head at me through the dusk. Seriously? I don't agree with his decision, but I don't argue the point. We let them pass by unharmed. Scruff, however, has other plans. The dog lets out a pitiful whine and then takes off like a shot, blending into the dark. Gordon's urgent whispers don't do any good. The dog is gone.
We wait for the voices to fade before we climb back onto the road.
"Fuck me, are there no more normal people left in this world?" Kelly questions in a quiet voice as he stares after the ravagers.
"Normal isn't a reality anymore," I whisper back. 
"I agree," Dom says, causing me to do a double take. "We should have popped those bastards. A few less flesh eaters to worry about."
"No, they would have been more trouble than they’re worth," Luke responds. "We have a job to do. Let’s just stick with the plan and get it done."
I stare at Luke like I don't quite hear him right. "You heard what they said, yeah? They have an old guy and a kid they’re planning on roasting tonight. A kid, Luke. We have to find them and help them."
"No, Whitman is right, we can't afford to get involved. We need to get to the warehouse and take care of our own problem," Wentworth interjects, and I turn my glare on him.
"Those ravagers are our problem. We have to do something. Don't you agree?" I look to the others, hoping for some backup. I get it from the most unexpected source.
"Bixby’s right. We have to help save those people. If we stand by and do nothing, then we’re no better than those cannibals ourselves." 
Great. Just what I need. Backup from the bimbo. Better than nothing, I guess.
"Right. What she said. Come on, don't be a bunch of douchebags. You know this is the right thing to do."
"Girl, don't be so fucking stupid. You know it doesn't make sense to get involved. We don't know how many of them there are, how well armed they are. Why tangle with ravagers when we don't have to? Let’s just stay out of their way and continue on with the damn mission," Wentworth says. 
Wentworth is seriously starting to piss me off. I step closer and stare him in the face.
"Call me 'girl' or 'stupid' again and it won't be just ravagers you'll have to tangle with tonight."
He glares back, lowering his head to mine. "You threatening me, Bixby?" His rancid breath nearly makes me gag, but I don't back away.
"Okay, that's enough you two. Knock it off." Luke grabs me by the shoulder, but I shake his hand off angrily. 
Taking a deep breath, I force myself to drop my gaze from Wentworth and turn my back to him. He’s right, as much as I hate to admit it. We really don't have time for this.
"Thor to the rescue...like always," I hear Dom mutter under his breath to Wentworth and their combined laughter drives me over the edge.
"You know what...fuck you two idiots!" I whirl on them, knives drawn. I'm not sure what I was planning on doing, but I don't get to do anything. An unholy scream of terror cuts through the air, shattering the night's stillness.






CHAPTER FIFTEEN

The scream freezes us in place for a moment. But we know exactly what it is. The sound of human suffering is unmistakable. The ravagers are preparing their dinner.
"Luke, for Christ's sake," I plead, staring into his eyes. We can't just let this happen.
"Fuck!" he hisses, his internal struggle clearly showing on his face. Another scream rents the air. "Dammit! Okay, stay together," he warns, decision made. He turns and runs in the direction of the screaming, the rest of us close on his heels. I can hear Wentworth bitching about what a bad idea this is, but he follows Luke just like the rest of us.
The screams die out just as abruptly as they began, but it doesn't take us long to find the campsite. We simply follow the increasingly rancid air, which is a fetid combination of charcoal and burnt meat. The odor scorches my nose and my stomach churns violently. The smell is disgusting, and more than that, it certainly means we’re too late to save one of the captives. I desperately hope it's not the kid we find roasting over the flames. I don't think I could handle that.
We creep on silent feet through the woods; the light of the ravager's camp fire flickers like dancing fireflies through the trees. The morning rain had saturated the mossy floor, preventing the dead giveaway of crunching dried leaves or twigs underfoot. We need all the upper-hand we can get against these wily bastards. 
What we finally stumble upon is enough to shock the most hardened of hunters. Ten or twelve ravagers lounging around a wide fire pit in the open field, the spit above the flames hanging heavy with what is unmistakably a human leg. I can hear Gordon's muffled cry of shock and disgust right next to me.
Searching for the poor bastard who had once been attached to the leg, I find the old man lying prone on the ground about four feet from the ring of human monstrosities. An empty space where his leg should have been enhances the shock value of the bloodied stump at his crotch, which is wrapped tightly with a rope tourniquet. And just like the earlier ravagers had said, we see a kid as well. Her head is bent over the old man’s, a long braid hiding her face from us. Not quite sure if she is praying or offering comfort, but the white-knuckled grip she has on the old guy’s shoulders tells me she’s terrified. 
"Jesus!" Luke whispers in my right ear, making me start. I didn't realize he was so near. 
"About a dozen of them, eight of us. Pretty good odds, I think. Let’s just pick 'em off, nice and easy. The old guy is beyond our help, but we can at least save the girl," I whisper back.
Yeah. I know I'm suggesting to Luke that we kill them. But it doesn't bother me in the least. The guilt I feel every time at taking out a leech doesn't apply to these...things. The infected have no choice in their fate. These bastards chose to become monsters. They revel in it. They deserve no sympathy as far as I’m concerned. 
"Agreed. Bix, Mike, and Wentworth, we’ll take the ones on the left. The rest of you take the ones on the right. Gordo, soon as you see it's safe, get in there and scoop up the girl. Got it?" 
There's no response from Gordon.
"Gordon?" Luke whispers again. 
I crane my neck looking for him. I could have sworn he was right next to me.
"Hello, hello," a voice rings cheerfully out of the darkness surrounding us. "Looking for this?"
A beam of light explodes into the darkness, blinding us momentarily. Squinting into the retina-burning rays, my heart drops to my gut as my eyes finally focus on Gordon's terrified face and the knife blade at his throat.
I pull my gun.
"Now, now, none of that. Put your weapons down if you don't want the boy to be wearing his own blood necktie."
What the hell? Had I just talked us right into a ravager trap? Fucking unbelievable.
None of us do as the voice orders, however. We wait with our weapons drawn. Although we can't see beyond the blinding light, no doubt their weapons are targeting us as well. I glance at Luke for our next move. He glares into the light, his face twisted with a palpable anger. 
"Well, well, looks like we have ourselves a good ol' fashioned Mexican standoff." The voice behind the light hardens. "I'm not going to say it again. Put down your weapons or else I slice the kid’s throat."
I count four flashlights pointing our way. Four. We can take them, I think. Don't do it, Luke. I try to force my thoughts into his head telepathically as my finger tenses on the trigger. They’re blinding us on purpose and keeping themselves in shadow, but I know we can take them. What’s Luke waiting for?
Our hesitation must piss the ravager off because he takes it out on the kid. The knife digs into Gordon's neck, and a bead of blood slowly starts forming at the contact point. I know he doesn't mean to do it, but a tiny whimper escapes him and it rips at my heart. FUCK! So stupid. This is my fault. Why did I talk them into this?
Luke hears it, too.
"Let the kid go now, or we blow your fucking heads off," Luke's voice is cold steel, his gun rock steady in his hand. 
I’m not the least bit afraid he’ll miss his target and hit Gordon by accident. He's too good for that. I actually grin to myself in the dark at Luke’s response. That ravager is so fucking toast. I take careful aim on the next beam, knowing every shot has to count.
The muzzle pressing on the back of my head changes everything.
"Put your weapons down nice and slow, or I'll pop her head like a balloon."
Every fiber of my being is yelling at me to drop the bastard at my back, every instinct to fight back. Luke's eyes switch from Gordon to the gun at my head. I can see the panic in his face even though he quickly disguises it.
No, no, no, no, I scream at him in my head. Don't you dare! Do not let them get the upper hand. 
"Don't do it," I hiss at Luke, but the look of terror in his eyes tells me he's wrestling with his choices. 
"I mean it. Drop the damn guns, or she's dead. Her and the boy." 
"For Christ's sake Luke, do as they say," Mike's anguished voice floats out of the gloom. He can't take seeing his kid brother at the mercy of that ravager any longer.
Luke's eyes lock onto mine. I drop, you take him out. I can see the indecisiveness flit across his face. Yes! It worked. He's going to do it. I get ready to drop.
The gun clicks at my neck.
"Okay! Okay. Don't hurt them."
No, dammit. He's caving. We could’ve taken them.
Complying, he drops his gun and steps back, hands in the air. I do not. Unlike the rest of my crew, my weapon stays tight in my hand. This is my fault. I’m not giving up so easily. The gun presses harder against the base of my neck.
"Throw it down, bitch," the voice growls at me.
"Why don't you go fuck yourself, asshat," I grunt back, my self-loathing for leading my crew into this mess making me reckless. "Or is your dick too small to even please yourself?"
I don't think the ravager shares my sense of humor. The whack to the back of my head is enough to send me to my knees. The gun falls from my grip as I use my hands to brace myself from face-planting the ground. 
I'm not sure what happens next. The scuffling and shouting is muddled in my brain as I shake my head, trying to clear away the wooziness. Screams pierce my ears as Doc Blondie gets dragged past me, kicking and screaming for all she’s worth. The backpack is ripped from my back, nearly tearing my arm out of the joint. This is followed by excruciating pain as I’m dragged out of the trees and through the field by the hair of my head.
I'm thrown so close to the fire that its heat scorches my arm. My stomach rolls violently; I’m not sure if it's to do with the overwhelming smell of the roasting leg or the blow to the head. On my hands and knees, a pair of filthy hiking boots walks into my line of vision. They stop right at my head.
"Hmm, what do we have here? Stand up," the voice commands.
"Fuck you," I whisper, still fighting the urge to keep my stomach contents from spilling all over the ground. Not that it would have bothered me in the least to puke all over his damn boots, but I don't want to show them any sign of weakness.
"Pick her up," the voice orders, and I'm grabbed on either side and yanked upright. Invasive hands run over my body, poking and prodding far too long at my lady parts. 
"Enjoying yourself, Jerkoff?" I sneer at the double vision in front of me. This only results in slowing down the exploratory process. Smart move, Brainiac, I scold myself as I grit my teeth and endure the humiliating procedure. Obviously these monsters liked to play with their food. Finding and confiscating the knives at my back, the hands finally leave me be. 
My sense of equilibrium is way off balance. If it weren't for Thing One and Thing Two on either side holding me up, I would probably have fallen already. The world around me spins in a dizzy whirl. I shake my head and blink my eyes until the multiple visions finally merge into one entity.
What the hell? Despite my precarious position, the sight of the little twat in front of me makes me giggle-snort like some schoolkid.
He’s so short! At least three inches shorter than me with a shaved head topped by a green Mohawk, of all things. The stupid thing has to be at least 4 inches high. Trying to add to his sense of height, maybe? His face is painted with different colors, like Indians in war paint from those old Saturday morning Western movies. His nose, lips, and ears are pierced with silver rings and attached by two chains on either side. Around his shoulders he wears a mottled fur jacket of some kind, bare patches showing through where the fur had worn away. Gold chains around his neck and gaudy knuckle rings on both hands add to the garish image. To top it off, he leans casually against a gold tipped cane, legs crossed like he’s about to burst into a tap dance. He looks like some mad cross between a crazy-ass pimp and a bad 80's rapper.
I can't help it. Maybe it’s the blow to the head, but the laughter spews out of me like the vomit threatened to do earlier.
He watches me, tapping his fingers in an even rhythm on the cane, until my laughter subsides.
"Something amuses you?" he asks quietly, eyes narrowed.
I nod. "Yeah, you Pipsqueak. I didn't know they were holding auditions today for Mad Max extras." 
A loud groan from my left pulls my attention to the rest of my crew. Luke, Gordon, Kelly, Wentworth, Mike, and Dom. They’ve all been forced to their knees, hands zipped tied in front. These bastards didn't waste any time. A line of ravagers stand behind them, guns at their backs. Oh shit.
The groan had come from Luke. He stares at me now with wide eyes, shaking his head. I know what he’s trying to tell me. Don't be stupid. Keep your mouth shut! Way too late.
About to turn my attention back to pimp-daddy, I do a double take over my crew as a little spark of hope ignites in my chest. Kingsley isn't among them! Did he manage to escape their notice? Is he somewhere in those trees right now planning our rescue? 
Doc Blondie stands beside me and my captors, her eyes glazed over with fear and whimpering like a lost child. Why are we being kept separated from the boys? I have a bad feeling in my gut that this is not a good thing.
"She's funny," Mad Max says as he looks around at his men, pointing my way. "Isn't she funny?"
The rest of them start braying like a pack of hound dogs at his question. He steps closer, still smiling at me. I expect to see a grill covering his teeth. I mean, no self-respecting, pimp-daddy rapper would be seen without one, right? But all I see is his black teeth and bleeding gums. Ewwww.
"You're funny," he breathes on me, his breath is a rancid wave of rotting meat, and I want to vomit all over again. Then just like that the smile drops from his face. The hyena-like laughter around me stops as abruptly as it began. Uh-oh. I try to back up, but the two men holding my arms keep me locked in place.
"You know what else is funny?" Mad Max pulls a wickedly serrated knife from inside his pimp coat and holds it up, examining it in the glow of the fire. I feel my knees go weak just at the sight of it. Then slowly he pulls open my coat, hooking the top of the knife into the neck of my T-shirt. "Watching smart mouthed bitches like you scream and cry like little girls as I flay them alive."
With a vicious yank, he slices my tee and tank top underneath straight down to my belly button. The cold air on my breasts and stomach is as shocking to my system as being dipped in ice water. But the cold has no effect on the raging inferno of hate building in my stomach.
I hear a shout from Luke, followed by a sickening thunk and the ravagers yell of "Stay down!" I glance over. Luke is struggling back to his knees as best as he can with his tied hands, a river of blood flowing down his cheek. The stupid bastard had obviously tried to come to my rescue and gotten himself cold-cocked for his effort. His worried eyes stare into mine as his guard yanks his head back by his hair. Oh, you are so going to pay for that, ravager.
Pimp-daddy stares over at him, the smirk on his face displaying his enjoyment at Luke’s distress all too well.
"What's the matter, Gigantor? Is this bothering you? Is she your woman?" He throws his head back and laughs, like he finds it all so amusing.
"I'm no man's 'woman', dickwad!" I say to him, hoping desperately Luke doesn't do anything else stupid. I’ve done enough stupid for the both of us already.
Pimp-daddy looks back at me, one bushy eyebrow cocked. "No? Then I guess it won't bother him in the least if I do this?"
His clammy hand sneaks inside of my tattered shirt and grabs my breast, squeezing it painfully. I bite my lip to stop myself from crying out. I will not give him that satisfaction. My arms bound by the two oafs on either side, I react the only way I can to my defilement. I lift my leg and kick the bastard right in the balls.
He lets out a slight yelp and bends over, but doesn't crumble in pain like I was hoping. Instead, he stands back up and laughs at me even harder. 
"Oh, come on. You think you're the first to try that little trick?" He takes his huge knife and taps at his crotch. It echoes back with the sound of hard plastic. He’s wearing a damn cup! Seriously?
He looks back at Luke. "She's not even a handful, Gigantor. I'm disappointed. She must have talents...elsewhere? It's going to be fun to find out what they are."
"You don't fucking touch her," Luke growls, but pimp-daddy sees this as a challenge. 
He swaggers over to Luke, hovering over him on the ground. Luke tries to struggle to his feet, but the gun barrel pressing between his shoulder blades says otherwise.
"I don't think you understand your predicament, my friend. You’re in no position to tell me what I can and cannot do. There are no rules anymore. It's kill or be killed now." He spreads his arms out wide, twirls around, and shoots a crazy smile up at the star filled sky. "This is our territory. Our world. Our rules." He stops twirling with an audible sigh. The smile fades from his face as he stares at Luke, studying him for a moment. Suddenly, he presses the tip of his knife against Luke's throat. "And you all are trespassing. We’re just protecting what's ours. Right boys?"
My heart drops to the pit of my stomach. The whooping and wailing that starts up at his question is almost deafening. Yup, they’re all as fucking crazy as he is. We’re in deep shit.
"Hey, dickwad," I yell. Probably not the smartest move, but I desperately need him to lift that blade from Luke's neck. I'm terrified he’s going to push it all the way through. "That's a crock of buttered shit if I've ever heard it. In case you haven't noticed, it's not our world anymore. It belongs to the fucking parasites now. And you’re as much under their rules as we are."
He looks back at me over his shoulder. The mad laughter starts up again. Good news, he pulls the knife away from Luke's throat. Bad news, he starts heading back my way.
"Noooooo, darlin'. You have it all wrong. They don't rule us. They freed us. Freed us from the regime and the political bullshit and the farce of civilization. People like us," he swings the knife around in a wide arc, "we were nobodies. The dregs of society. Spit upon by those thinking they were better than us. Now look at what we've become. We are kings! Able to do whatever we want! And those people...well we shit them out a long time ago."
More maniacal laughter. Where the hell had he found so many crazy people to follow him? It's like he had taken out some ad in the local paper, “Gang members wanted. Lunatics only need apply.”
"But I digress," pimp-daddy straightens his fur around his shoulders in a very regal manner. "I'd love to talk world events with you...I truly would. But I have decisions to make." He taps the knife against his pursed lips, studying me. "Hmmmm. What to do with you? You're a feisty one. The girl over there and the blonde one, they’ll make good additions to our breeders. They seem to be submissive enough. They will follow. But you? You seem like you would be more trouble than you are worth." He looks Luke's way once more. "What do you think, Gigantor? I'm sure you've fucked her enough to give me an opinion. Is she worth it? Or should I just gut her right now."
"I am going to kill you," Luke grounds out in response. All that gets him is another whack to the back of the head. 
"You know what I think," I interject quickly before the dumb oaf can say anything else and earn himself a concussion. Or worse. "I think you’re a coward. I think you already know you're going to gut me because you're scared of me."
"Bix," Luke warns, his voice groggy. 
I ignore him. I know I shouldn't be goading on this crazy maniac, but I'm hoping to buy us time. Time for Kingsley to do something to get us out of this. "You'd be a fool to let me loose."
Pimp-daddy steps closer, his eyes reflecting the flame from the fire, making him appear like he had just stepped straight out of Hell's gates. Eyes empty of reason, but full of a madman's cunning.
"And why is that, darlin'?" he whispers in amusement.
"Because you know if I go free, you will be the one to die. I’m gonna take that knife of yours, cut off your disgusting dick and shove it down your throat, so the rest of your men can see what a fucking little cocksucker you really are."
I'm unprepared for the backhand he lashes across my face. The rings dig in painfully as they rip at my skin. I cry out this time; I can't help myself. 
Pimp-daddy stares at me, hate radiating off of him in waves. My heart slams against my rib cage, threatening to make me pass out. Holy shit. I’ve gone too far. I'm an idiot. He's going to do it. He's going to gut me, right now. I'm going to die. And it's going to hurt. Come on, Kingsley. If you’re waiting to do something heroic, now would be a good time!
But then his face eases back into that rotted, arrogant smile. He flexes his fingers then points a filthy nail at me.
"You got me. I don't normally like to lose my temper that way. But for some reason I hate that word. Cocksucker. It's so vulgar, don't you agree? And no, I am definitely not a 'sucker of cocks' nor would I want one shoved down my throat. But you’re right about one thing. I will have to kill you. I'm afraid you will be more trouble than you’ll be worth."
He steps toward me, knife outstretched. My vision goes fuzzy as fear spikes my heart rate far too high. So this is how I’m going to die? Taken out by a piece of ravager shit and cooked on a spit? Maybe I deserve it for being so stupid, but that doesn’t ease my panic. I start yanking on the arms holding me, the scream stuck in my throat. NO! It can't end this way. Kingsley, do something!
The scream reaches my ears about the same time pimp-daddy flies out of my line of vision, jumped by the kid we had come to rescue. I had totally forgotten about her during my own dire predicament. Her tackle surprises me just as much as it shocks him. 
"He's dead. You killed Gramps. You killed him!" Her voice rises hysterically as she gouges at the ravager's face. 
Pimp-daddy overcomes his surprise quickly and flicks her off like she’s no more bothersome than an ant. A deep, bloody gouge runs down the side of his face and he touches it, drawing the hand away covered in crimson. He stares at the blood in wonder before lifting that damn knife of his over his head. 
I know what he’s about to do, so I scream at the kid, "Run!" 
But she doesn't seem to care. She huddles on the ground, a crying lump of despair and misery. Pimp-daddy’s arm swoops down, the moonlight glinting silver on the blade. I wait in horror for the silver to be stained with red, but the blade doesn't connect. The ravager starts screaming like a terrified little girl as a black shadow leaps through the flames growling like some hell hound and attaches itself to the knife wielding arm. 






CHAPTER SIXTEEN

The combination of the dog's appearance and pimp-daddy’s screams stun everyone for a few seconds. But then all hell breaks loose. Gun shots blend with cries, telling me Kingsley is finally making his move. About time. It's enough to distract the two assholes holding me down and I take advantage. Yanking my arms from their grasp, I swing my heavy boot into Thing One's nuts and bolts. He doesn't appear to be wearing a damn cup because he bends over in pain and drops straight to the dirt. 
Without losing stride, I grab Thing One's rifle and whirl around, slamming the butt into Thing Two's face. His nose breaks with a sickening crunch as his screams mingle with the others. He staggers back a couple of feet, his hands covering his bloody face. I aim the weapon, ready to finish what I started. I slam the bolt home and squeeze the trigger, bracing myself for the recoil. Nothing happens. I squeeze again. Nada. You gotta be kidding me. The fucking gun is not even loaded? 
Thing Two realizes my situation and barrels at me like some running linebacker. I hadn't noticed how big he was before. Shiiiiiit. 
"Doc, grab his gun," I yell at the blonde, pointing to the weapon he had dropped practically at her feet. She doesn't move. She remains as useless as a condom to a nun, staring at me like I'm speaking some foreign language. 
I think fast. Dropping the useless weapon, I meet the advancing bull head on. Grabbing two fistfuls of shirt I fall like a lead weight down to the ground, as close to his feet as possible. My unexpected drop places his body weight completely off center, and his momentum makes it easy for me to flip him straight over my head with my knees.
He lands on his back with a loud grunt. Rolling quickly to the side, I leap back to my feet, knowing every second counts. He's winded, but not down. He pulls himself up to his knees, glaring at me with his bloodied face. That look tells me one thing. If he manages to get his hands on me, I'm a goner for sure. Without giving him time to get back to his feet, I lift my leg and kick him right in the solar plexus. He flies backward, landing in a winded heap.
Thing One seems to be made of sterner stuff than Two, since already he’s stumbling to his feet. I pivot on the heel of my left foot as my right leg swings straight out and smashes into his throat. His hands wrap around his collapsed windpipe, strangling his scream. Choking on his own blood, his eyes bulge in pain.
Those two down for the count, I search the mayhem in front of me for Luke. Christ. I can't tell who's who in the mash up. Where is he? 
Then I see him. Pinned by a ravager, he’s fighting frantically with his tied hands to keep the bastard's knife off of his throat. Shit, he needs my help big time. 
A howl of pain from the mangy beast reaches my ears just before it flies across my path. Nearly tripping over the stupid dog, I swerve to avoid it only to have my ankle suddenly encased by a steel grip. I hit the ground face first, landing on my stomach and get yanked backwards across the wet grass. I feel pimp-daddy's weight press down between my shoulder blades as he straddles me. He jerks my head back so hard I hear my neck snap. The tip of his huge blade presses against my temple.
"I fucking knew it. I knew you'd be trouble. I should have killed you right from the start, bitch!" he hisses in my ear.
What happens next seems to move in slow motion, even though I know it must only take a few seconds. The dragon necklace lying on the ground between my spread hands gleams brightly in the firelight, like some omen of hope. Amy, you sweet, beautiful angel!
 Grabbing the necklace, I yank the small, sharp blade out and aim blindly for the head next to my ear. I know I've made contact when my eardrum almost bursts from the shrillness of his scream. The knife at my temple drops away, giving me my opening.
Letting go of the blade, I claw at his face, my fingers coming into contact with cold steel. Yanking on the chains, I'm splattered with blood and flesh as the piercings detach from his nose and ears with a satisfying rip. The knife drops from his grasp now at this new assault and lands inches from my face. I heave my body up with my arms, flipping us both over. Straddling him now, I bring my knee down on the bloody, mangled arm the dog had used as a chew toy earlier. He screams even louder. It's like music to my ears. Swooping up the knife, I hold it to his throat and he stills underneath the blade, his screams dulling to a whimper.
"You scream like a little bitch," I say with a hard smile. I know I shouldn't enjoy his fear so much, but the frightened eyes staring back at me tell me he is remembering every word of my earlier threat. He stops whimpering and tries to get himself under control. The fear slips from his face, replaced by a mask dripping with blood and hot with hate. My little knife sticks out of his cheek like some morbid decoration, and I take way too much pleasure in yanking it free.
"You won't kill me, darlin'. I know your type. All talk, but no action. You've lived behind walls. You have no idea what it's like to try and survive out here...in the real world. You're soft."
I push my knee down harder on his mangled arm, making him yell out once more.
"Soft? You think I’m fucking soft?" I ask harshly, his words pissing me off. How dare he tell me I have no idea? Let's see what tune he’ll be singing after I'm finished with him.
"Hey!" Doc Blondie seems to have finally come out of her comatose state and starts yanking at my arm. 
What the fuck? Now she decides to interfere? I try to shake her off, but she pinches my arm even harder.
"We have to go!" her voice is shrill with panic. Without letting the knife move an inch from pimp-daddy’s throat, I follow her pointing finger.
Jesus. A horde of leeches, most likely drawn by the noise and smell of blood, are advancing out of the trees at an alarming rate. Fantastic. Just what we need.
Hatred still burns hot in my gut for the piece of shit pinned below me, and the voice in my head is whispering at me, Do it. Kill him. He was going to gut you. But for some reason, I don't listen. I resist the urge to plunge the knife straight through his heart. Instead, I aim for the outstretched hand underneath my knee. The huge blade slides through his palm like butter, pinning him to the ground. His ensuing screams tells me it must hurt like hell. Good. I lean in not caring about his stink anymore.
"Let’s see how much you enjoy being on the menu, asshole," I whisper in his ear before leaping to my feet.
"Leeches!" I scream. It catches everyone's attention. All heads in the mass of fighting bodies turn in unison with fear. The horde approaching us doesn't care if you are hunter or ravager. All they see is a waiting buffet.
Christ. There has to be at least forty or fifty of them. There's no way we can take down that many. Especially since all my guys are still hog tied and weaponless. We’re so up shit creek without a paddle.
The ravagers waste no time. Whatever beef they had with us is forgotten, as well as any sense of loyalty, apparently. Pimp-daddy’s screams for help go completely unheeded as his men hightail it out of the field as fast as they can. We need to do the same.
"Move it, kid!" I yell at the girl in the dirt, giving a hard yank on her arm. It seems to do the trick. She blinks a couple of times then leaps to her feet, falling into step beside me as we get the hell out of the field, the overgrown mutt not far behind.
We run through the field like desperate gazelles trying to escape a pride of lions. The grass is slick under my feet, causing me to slip and slide. I figure the boys must be having as much trouble since I hear a couple of muted profanities as they fight to stay upright, but with tied hands it’s not an easy task.
"LEFT!" Luke bellows from behind, and we turn immediately on his command. Smart move. The turn will break us off from the ravagers and the trajectory of the horde. I hope it works, or at least leads us to some sort of shelter. We can't run all night. But they sure as hell can.
Our left turn brings us out of the trees surrounding the field and onto the moon lit road. We don't stop to see if we’ve lost the leeches, or even to see if we all made it. We don't have time. The wet gurgling behind us tells us all we need to know. At least some of them are still on our tail. I curse myself for letting my emotions get the better of me and stabbing Gunner with his own knife instead of keeping it. It would have come in handy right about now.
"This way," the girl says.
I look over, surprised to see the young girl keeping up with my pace. The whites of her terrified eyes are luminous in the moonlight. "What?" I yell at her.
"Follow me. I know…a...safe place," she gasps between words. Like the rest of us, she won't be able to keep up this pace much longer.
"Guys, follow me," I bellow, and I let her lead the way.
She leads us further down the road and then suddenly veers off into a grove of trees. Stumbling through the low hanging branches and raised roots, we bring up abruptly into a solid wall of darkness. A dead end. Shit. I’d just been stupid enough to let her lead us into a dead end...and straight to our deaths. But then the night comes alive with the sound of scraping and creaking.
"Get in," she yells. 
In? Into what? I can't see shit in this murkiness. But given a choice between going in and standing outside waiting for the leeches to catch up, I go in. I trip over a raised step and literally fall into what I can feel is a confined space. A few more grunts and groans follow my descent as the rest fall in behind me. I hear the scraping again as the feeble sliver of moonlight is suddenly obliterated by total blackness.
The few seconds of suffocating silence is followed by a whisper. "Does anyone still have their flashlight?" I think it’s Gordon, but I'm not sure.
"Quiet," the girl hisses. "Be still."
She's right. Being inside may mask our scent, but they can still hear us. A couple of thunks echo against our sanctuary. Not sure if they are actually trying to get in, or just stupidly running into the walls of...whatever we’re in. So nobody else makes a sound.
After what seems like forever, the noises finally fade out as the infected wander away. Their frantic need to feed is diminished now that they have no scent to agitate the parasite inside. All that remains is our own shallow breathing. 
Something furry brushes by my leg, and I almost scream in sheer terror before I realize it's just the dog. I mean, I hope it's the dog. I think it’s in here with us. My luck, she brought us into a cave and that's a momma bear wanting to rip my head off.
A little more scraping and then mercifully light. The old looking oil lamp in the girl’s hand gets brighter as she fiddles with it, spreading light into every dark corner of the space we find ourselves in.
I start doing a head count right away as I button my coat, covering up my shredded t-shirt and exposed skin.
"Do you have a knife?" Luke questions the girl gruffly as he, too, looks around. He’s doing the same head count as me. 
 Two missing. Wentworth and Kelly. He sends a look my way as the girl starts sawing through his zip tie with what appears to be a meat cleaver.
"We're missing some," Gordon says in a quiet voice. 
"Yeah. They probably got separated back at the field. They'll just head on to our main objective and wait for us there. They know that's where we’ll look for them," Luke says as the girl finally frees his hands. Shaking his wrists, he pulls the meat cleaver out of her hands and starts working on setting the others free.
Now that she has nothing else to do, the girl looks around in bewilderment. The dog sticks its nose into her face and she wraps her arms around it, holding on for dear life. Knowing she’s probably going into shock, I approach her.   
"Hey," I say, my tone gentle. She looks up at me. Up close, she appears older than I had first thought. What I thought was eleven or twelve is probably more like sixteen. "Thank you. You saved our lives. What's your name?"
"Evie," she says.
"Nice to meet you, Evie. I'm Bixby. And we've already met Scruff." I rub the dog’s ears in gratitude. It’s another reason I’m still alive. Maybe we won't eat it after all.
I look around at where we are. Now in the glow of the oil lamp, I can see we’re inside what looks to be an old shipping container. The metal walls contain no windows, but every inch is covered with colorful flags, pictures of varying size, and an array of old calendars. Two mattresses run along the back and are piled with a mountain of blankets, a ratty old couch stretches along the opposite wall, and a woodstove sitting in the corner tells me this is her home.
"You live here?" I push.
"Yeah, me and Gramps..." she trails off at realizing what she said. “I mean, Gramps used to..."
Tears fill her dark eyes as she bites her lip to stop it from trembling. 
"It's okay. What happened really sucks, and I know it hurts like hell. I’m not gonna lie. It's going to hurt for quite a bit longer. And you’re going to cry—a lot. But that's okay. You did real good out there. It's because of you that we’re still alive. Your Gramps would be proud of you."
She doesn't answer me, she simply nods. A tiny sob breaks free, and she buries her face deeper in the dog's fur. But at least she’s crying—and aware, not in a total state of shock. She’ll be all right. I squeeze her shoulder reassuringly as I leave her to her grief.
By now Luke has freed the others. His eyes search me out across the small space and lock onto mine. My pulse races and my heart starts doing these crazy flip-flops at the look. He steps with purpose toward me; two long strides are all it takes. He stops right in front of me, and my breath catches in my throat as a rush of adrenaline shoots through my veins. I have no idea what he’s about to do. 
To my complete and utter shock, he grabs both my shoulders and pulls my body tight against his.  His head dips toward mine, and he plants this loud, wet smack on my lips. In front of everyone! Even more surprising...I don't object. I ignore the catcalling and the disgusted “Get a room" because to be quite honest, I don't care about everyone watching us. Not in the least. The kiss is primal and possessive—and makes me feel so damned alive.
Finally, our lips part but his hand stays on my back, keeping me close.
"I'm sorry," he whispers in my ear.
I pull away an inch, so I can look into his face. "For what?"
"I promised nothing would happen to you on this run, and you almost died. I broke my promise." 
What? He thinks he let me down? After I was the one to put us in danger? "How do you figure that? I'm still alive, aren't I? Besides, you were in more danger than I ever was. Just couldn't keep your mouth shut, no matter how many times that ravager smacked you in the head." I gently touch the bloody cut above his temple and wince. "Looks painful. Good thing you have such a hard head, Whitman."
"Amen to that." His eyes devour me hungrily, like he can't get enough of looking at me. That same look that used to bother me so much before is now sending waves of heat flooding through my body. I must be more shook up than I thought.
"Ahem," a slight cough sounds at my ear. "If you two are done, we have some figuring out to do?"
Kingsley's interruption sends a different kind of heat flushing over my face. I had forgotten about the spectators. As embarrassed as I am at their witnessing my weaker moment, it doesn't seem to bother Luke at all. He just grins at my embarrassment, the jackass.
"Right. So where do we stand," his question is brisk, and I slip out of his grasp. "Do any of you still have your weapons? Radios? Kingsley, the C-4?"
There’s a defeated chorus of “no's.” All but Kingsley. "Yeah, I still have my weapon. But not the ammo or C-4. I left it all in the backpack somewhere in the woods."
"Really?" Dom says. “You left the C-4 behind. A stupid move, dude. We kinda need that to do what we came here for in the first place."
"I'm well aware," Kingsley grounds out. "Forgive me for misplacing the backpack while I was trying to save your stupid asses from being fricasseed."
"It is what it is," Luke interjects before their tempers get out of control. "No sense whining about it. Straight up though, we won't get far without weapons."
"We can go back," I suggest. "I'm guessing those ravagers left in too much of a hurry to worry about our shit. The leeches won't bother with it. It's probably still just sitting there." 
My skin crawls at Dom's snort of derision. "Great plan. Go back. Now that the place is crawling with leeches and only one gun between us. Almost as good as the plan to rescue that stupid kid—and looked how well that turned out."
As much as I would like to slap Dom silly for his snarky words, I actually agree with him at the moment. I haven't exactly been the Einstein of our group lately.
"No, Bix is right," Luke says, surprising me once again. "We have no choice but to go back. Not like we can contact the Grand and sit on our asses waiting for rescue. We need our guns and that C-4. Going back is the only alternative. Besides," he picks up the cleaver he had used to cut their zip ties. "Who says we don't have any weapons?"
"We have knives. And there's an ax out back," Evie pipes up in a clear, even voice. I hadn't even realized she was listening to our conversation. The kid surprises me. She’s tougher than I gave her credit for.
"There you have it," Luke says with a huge grin. "Knives, a cleaver and an ax. We're all set to save the world again."
Yeah, somehow I don't quite share his optimism on that.
***
 As it turns out, we don't need the collection of medieval weapons in our arsenal. We don't encounter one single leech or ravager on our way back to ground zero. Weird. Maybe it has to do with our choice to wait until early morning to retrace our steps, giving them time to dissipate. Or maybe for once, lady luck is on our side. Whatever the reason, the walk is eerily quiet. Almost like we’re the only people left on the face of the earth.
Our luck holds as we find our pile of weapons and backpacks right where the ravagers had left them in their mad dash. And from the exuberant "YES!" echoing out of the trees, Gordon and Kingsley have found the stash of C-4 as well. At least things are starting to look up.
I make my way further into the field, glad I had convinced Evie to help Gordon and Kingsley look for the pack. Leaving her at her home, no matter how well camouflaged that shipping container had been, wasn’t an option. The ravagers already found them once. They will again. She did need a little convincing to see that, but she finally agreed to come with us.
What she doesn't need to see however, is the remains of her grandfather. Even though he’d already passed on from his grievous wound last night, the leeches hadn't given a shit that his blood no longer pumped through his veins. It had still been warm enough for their taste. They had sucked him dry, his frail body shriveled and pale, and his missing leg seeming more of an atrocity in the pre-dawn light. 
Thing One and Thing Two didn't fare so well either. Their waxen faces stare blindly up at me from the grass, as if accusing me of letting them become fodder. I squash down the pang of guilt I feel at seeing them there. My mother always told me, you reap what you sow. They brought this on themselves. I'm not the bitch in this circumstance. Karma owns that title today.
To my great relief, we don't find any sign of Wentworth or Kelly. The only other bodies in the field are a couple of unlucky ravagers, which meant our guys had at least made it out of the field. Like Luke said, with a little more luck there’re waiting for us at the target site. 
One thing does unnerve me a little. By the pile of ash that had been last night’s campfire, there’s no sign of pimp-daddy. No body, not even his skank ass fur coat. All that remains is a puddle of rust brown where his blood had dried into the dirt and his gold cane, which meant he too, had made it out of the field alive. Crap. I don't like the sound of that. I should have finished the job last night. I hope he got taken down on his way back to the hole he had crawled out of. Evie and her grandfather at least deserved that justice.
Doc Blondie joins me unexpectedly as my worried gaze stares into the still smoldering, black ashes. Even though I see her glancing at me in my peripheral, I don't acknowledge her. She clears her throat a couple of times. I still ignore her. I have nothing to say to her. She doesn't seem to get the message, since she starts talking anyway.
"I...um...I want to apologize for last night. I don't know why I didn't go for his gun and help you. It was like I froze and..." she trails off. "I'm so sorry." 
I finally turn my head to look at her. I'm not quite sure how to respond. I want to slap her silly for her stupidity last night. Or at least rip her a new one. She should be damned sorry. She almost cost me my life. There is no room for hesitation and cowardice in the field. She shouldn't be out here if she doesn't know that. But I say none of that. Instead, I swallow the angry retort on my lips and sigh.
"Have you ever seen a ravager before?"
She shakes her head, a tiny shudder convulsing her body.
I nod. "Yeah, that's what I thought. I get why you froze up. They can be pretty fucking scary and intimidating. But know one thing. Being captured by them means certain death. We were damn lucky last night. Not many people tangle with them and walk away. You can't hesitate when there’s a life on the line. They sure as hell won't. I was given this piece of advice years ago, and now I'm going to share it with you. Be brutal, be tough. War means fighting, and fighting means killing. Learn this, or you will not live to see another year. Got it?"
She stares at me like I've gone stark raving mad. I guess I could have phrased it better instead of repeating it in Cookie's harsh, no nonsense manner. A slight nod of the head tells me she gets it, though.
"Good. Because you won't ever hear that pass my lips again. And if you tell anyone that I quoted Cookie, I will deny every word."
"Cookie? Are you talking about that crazy lady who gave us all the evil eye at our interrogation? She scared the crap out of me. I think she froze my blood at one point with just a look. I don't think she likes new people much."
I give her a humorless laugh. "Oh, you ain't seen nothing yet. Wait until you catch her on a bad day."
She offers a weak smile. "Maybe I'm better off taking my chances out here with the leeches and ravagers?"
Who would have thought it? Lady Doc has a sense of humor. I laugh at her words, and she joins in. Our laughter draws Luke's attention, and he breaks off his conversation with Mike and Dom, staring our way curiously. He catches my eye and lifts the corner of his mouth in a slight smile. I can't help the quickening of my heart, or the thrum of desire that jets through my veins. Just thinking about the way he kissed me last night and that look in his eye—I give him a stupid smile back. But as soon as it began, I squash my silly reaction. What the hell is wrong with me? This is not the time for acting like some horny teenager. I drop my gaze like a hot potato, but Blondie doesn't miss it. She raises a perfectly arched brow.
"Hmmmm, you two seem to be quite...intimate. And that kiss last night-very hot. So? Does that mean you two are an item?"
The instant denial is on my lips. No we’re not an “item.” And seriously? Who the hell says that anymore? We are so not a couple, or a thing, or any of that romantic shit. And it pisses me off that she's even asking. We're on a life and death mission. We don't have time for idiotic questions. Besides, why should she even care? But the answer that falls from my lips surprises the hell out of me. 
"Yeah. Yeah—I guess we are."
Even more surprising? I think I actually mean it. Dammit. So much for the no-strings-attached approach.






CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

The two warehouses off in the distance look worn and weather beaten, nothing but shells silhouetted against the pale blue of the morning sky. From what the docs had told us, I expected to see them crawling with leeches. But they appear desolate and uninhabited. It unnerves me. I hope it’s not a sign that the leeches inside had already birthed and vacated the premises. Just the thought of those beasties crawling all over the forest, hunting for their next meal, makes me shiver in apprehension. 
Luke notices my shiver and raises a brow in question.
"It's nothing," I say. "Someone must have walked over my grave."
"Did you know," Gordon pipes up as he pulls abreast of me and Luke, "that saying actually derives from a folk legend of the 1800s? People back then believed that a sudden cold sensation causing one to shiver was caused by walking over a place where your grave was eventually going to be. That where you would be buried for eternity was actually predetermined. I read that in a book." 
Gordon looks at us, grinning smugly at how smart he is. He even glances back at Evie, eager to see if the young girl has heard this fascinating tidbit of knowledge. She stares back at him like he’d suddenly sprouted another head. Much the same look I'm giving him right at the moment, I'm pretty sure. Amy's dire warning bouncing around in my brain does not mix well with Gordon's words.
"Really, Gordo? Why would you even say something like that? Telling me I was just actually walking over my expected grave? That doesn't make me feel any better, you moron."
He has enough decency to look abashed. "Geez, sorry. I was just making conversation."
"No, conversation is 'Nice weather we're having' or 'did you see that ballgame last night?' Not 'Oh geez Bix, you just walked past the place where you’re going to die.' What the fuck is wrong with you?"
"Actually I didn't say it was the place you were going to die. I said it was the place you were going to be bur--"
"Again...not helping!"
"Knock it off, the two of you," Dom grumbles as he passes us by. "Or it'll be the place you're both buried. And I'll be more than happy to dig the grave myself."
Mike beats me to a retort. "Hey man, I know you just didn't threaten my kid brother in front of me. I know not even you would be stupid enough for that." 
"Well, if your brother didn't act like an idiot all the time, I wouldn't have to threaten him."
Mike's eyes narrow in anger. "Were you born a dick, or did you have to go to school to learn that?"
"Definitely born that way because I don't think he ever went to school," Gordo mutters, and I can't help but snicker as his fist bumps mine.
"Quiet!" Luke bellows as his head snaps up in attention, staring to the right of us. 
I follow his gaze, wondering what he hears. Even Scruff pulls up short, growling deep in his throat. Then I hear it too, rustling and snapping as something makes its way through the trees. I can feel the hair rise on my neck as my shoulders tense up, argument forgotten. My jaw clenches as I aim my weapon, hoping it's the lesser of the two evils that comes out of there.
"Hey," a voice calls out sharply in the stillness, and a body stumbles from the brush. "Oh man, am I glad to see you guys. Cut me loose, will ya."
I let out my pent up breath, blowing my hair off my forehead as the face comes into view. Kelly. He made it. He stumbles onto the road, nearly tripping in his haste.
Gordon runs to meet him halfway, his knife out to cut the guy’s ties. The poor guy looks worse for wear, even more so than us. His hair is matted with leaves and twigs. A long gash runs down the side of his face and another is quite obvious through his torn pants leg. He didn’t have an easy time of it last night. But at least he made it.
"Wentworth?" Kingsley questions as Kelly approaches, and I hand him a bottle of water from my backpack. He accepts it gratefully and downs it in one huge, noisy gulp.
"Not sure," he gasps, shaking his head at Kingsley and wiping his lips with the back of his hand. "Last I saw of him was back at the field. Then I got a little too busy trying to stay alive. Sorry, man."
"Well, you made it. So odds are good Wentworth did too," Luke says, always the optimist. "Maybe he headed back to the Grand instead of coming here like you did. You've been here all night, I take it?"
Kelly nods. "Yeah. Had a couple of leeches on my tail, but I took cover in that panel vault over there."
He nods toward the crumbling, concrete ruin of a building.
"They knew I was in there, but they couldn't get at me. Damn bastards hung around all night, gurgling at me. They finally wandered off some time this morning. Something else caught their attention."
He doesn't say it, but we're all thinking it. Maybe that something else was Wentworth.
"You guys got any food left? I'm starving."
Gordon crouches down in the road, scrounging around in his pack for anything salvageable. He pulls out a badly battered pack of crackers. Kelly rips them open and digs in with pleasure, like it’s steak and chips instead of crumbled dried bits of cardboard.
"Any sign of leeches since?" I ask, scouring the trees for any movement.
"No, it's been quiet all morning," he mutters, cracker crumbs flying out of his mouth willy-nilly. "Haven't seen anything but you guys."
"Thank God for small miracles," Gordon sighs. 
I agree with the kid. Usually I'm up for a leech party, but after last night's escapades, we'd probably end up on the losing side of that one.
Luke pulls his binoculars from his backpack and studies the buildings for a couple of minutes.
"Seems quiet enough," he lowers the glasses and glances over at Blondie. "Which one houses the pods, Jess?"
"The one on the right."
"The one on the right it is." He puts the glasses back in his pack as he glances around at us. "You guys ready to get this over with?"
"So fucking ready," I mutter, suddenly exhausted. How had this all gone so terribly wrong? It should have been just another typical outing. It’s anything but. Something just isn't sitting right with me. So yeah, I'm definitely ready to end this once and for all.
***
The scene below our vantage point on the metal catwalk is like something straight out of a horror movie. Rows upon rows of pods cover the warehouse floor, kind of reminding me of wrapped bales of hay that dotted farmers’ fields. Just knowing there are people inside of those though, instead of grass, fills me with a cold dread.
"It's so spooky," Gordon mutters, echoing my sentiments exactly. 
There’s no movement on the floor other than Kingsley, Dom, and Luke as they strategically place the C4 charges, but I expect at any moment for those pods to come to life. Images of hybrids with rows upon rows of razor sharp teeth coming to life and attacking our guys down below sticks in my head and just won't let go. I'm jittery, all wound up like I've had a million cups of coffee. What the hell is wrong with me?
"Do you think they've mutated already?" Gordon whispers in my ear. 
I wave him away like a buzzing mosquito. "How the fuck do I know?" I ask, irritated not so much by his question, but by the fact that I’m thinking the same thing. Have they mutated? Or are they still human. And more importantly, are they humans we may very well know? Could Sam be one of them?
There. I said it. I finally admit to myself what’s been lurking in the back of my head for the past few days, ever since finding out about this warehouse of humans. I mean, it would make sense. Maybe this is why we never did find a trace of them. Maybe it’s because they weren't fodder but brought her for this other purpose. 
I know I'm grasping at straws. And I know if that’s the case, then Sam is as good as dead anyway. These people are beyond our help. Doc Roger was adamant about that. Still, what if he is here? What if I could see him again? Just to see his face, one last time. 
Before I even realize what I'm doing, I'm running down the metal stairs, jumping them two at a time. An overpowering urge to find him is all I can think about. All I can feel. It consumes me, blocking out the shouts and dismay of the others. I ignore them all. There’s only one thing I care about right now. Finding Sam.
I approach the first oval pod and yank my knife out, slashing recklessly at the sticky substance. It cuts surprisingly easy and within seconds a face appears. I pull impatiently at the white gossamer strings with my bare hands, revealing a young woman. Her face is serene, pretty, and still very human. But not Sam. Abandoning her, I move quickly onto the next one and start the process all over again. The dark hair of the man in this pod jolts my heart like a shock-wave, and I yank harder at the mesh-like substance. But it quickly becomes evident he’s not who I'm looking for. Maybe the next one. It has to be the next one.
"Bixby." The shout is very close to my ear, but the voice sounds so far away. Like Luke is yelling at me through a tunnel. He blocks my way, a solid wall of immovable flesh. I ram his shoulder and push by him, trying to get to the next pod. That might be the one. It has to be the one. It has to be Sammy. 
"Bix," Luke yells at me again. His arms engulf me from behind and lock around my chest, lifting me off of my feet. Preventing me from reaching the next pod.
"Let me go!" I scream. "I need to see. I need to see if he's here."
"Stop it," he yells, but I flail at him like a mad woman. "I said...stop it..." he grunts in pain as I kick him hard in the shin, but he doesn't loosen his grip. “Bix, it doesn't matter." He finally manages to yank the knife out of my hand, preventing me from doing him any harm. "Do you understand? It doesn't matter if he’s here. He's beyond our help." 
He drops me hard, back onto my feet, and spins me around to face him. His fingers dig painfully into my arms. 
"Do you understand?" he shakes me so violently, my teeth rattle. “Even if he is in here, you can't help him. Listen to me!"
He shakes me again, and just like that, the cold knot of reality clenches tight in my gut, accompanied by an overwhelming sense of loss. It's like a hard slap to the face and I stop struggling. He's right. He's fucking right. It doesn't matter if Sam is here. I can't help him. I can't save him. I can't have him back. I can't ever have him back...
The trembling starts in my legs. Tremors shoot out over my entire body, causing all my muscles to go weak. If Luke wasn't holding me up, I'm pretty sure my legs would’ve buckled underneath me. But the pain. The pain is the worst. It pierces my heart like a dull blade, twisting and turning with every damn inch. It feels like I'm losing Sam all over again. The raw emotion comes spilling out of me in a shrieking moan.
"Whhhhhhhy?" Biting back my tears of grief, I pound on his chest, wanting to inflict the same pain.
"I don't know why, Bix," Luke whispers as he grabs my hands, stilling my assault. His eyes are twin pools of hurt, reflecting my own misery back at me. "But I'm so sorry."
He pulls me close to his chest. I let him. Broken, defeated, I don't have the energy to protest. His heart beats against my ear, the rhythm soothing as he strokes my hair. His voice is thick with sorrow; he keeps repeating over and over, "I'm so sorry."
He has nothing to be sorry about. I want to tell him that. I want to tell him how grateful I am for his unselfish support, and friendship, and love. But I don't say anything. I just let him stroke my hair in numb silence.
I eventually become aware of the others around us. I ignore the quiet murmurings and Dom's muttered, “Told you she was a Nutter Butter." I really don't care what he thinks. Luke's protective arms holding me close are the only thing real to me at the moment.
"It's all set, Whitman," Kingsley interrupts, avoiding eye contact with me. Like he's scared shitless my crazy is somehow going to rub off on him. “We have to go."
I can feel Luke nod against the top of my head.
"Just give us a minute, will ya."
"You got five minutes, tops. After that I'm blowing it, whether you're out or not." Kingsley mutters, before ushering everyone else up the stairs. Their boots on the metal walkway echo about the cavernous room before I hear the door shut behind them, leaving Luke and me alone in the silent tomb.
He rocks me in his arms, back and forth. Like a parent with their child. It's comforting. It feels nice.
"You okay?" he questions finally.
"No." My answer is muffled against his chest.
"You will be."
"I know."
A bit more rocking.
"You ready to go?"
"I think so..."
He sighs, his breath stirring the hair on the top of my head. "I hear a 'but' in that voice."
I smile sadly. He knows me so well. 
"Look at them, Luke. They aren't mutated or evolved or anything like Doc Roger said. They still look human. What if they can be helped? What if we’re about to take hundreds of innocent lives?"
He looks. I watch his face harden into a determined mask.
"I know what this looks like. But you saw the same thing I did, Bix. You saw what they turned into at St. Joseph's. Are you willing to take that chance? Are you willing the risk the lives of Amy, and Liv, and everyone else at the Grand on that slight chance? Because I'm sure as hell not."
He knows I agree with him. I'm not about to risk any more of the people I care about. But still, it tears at me, what we are about to do. And what if Sam is here? 
"But what if, Luke? What if they can be saved? What if what happened to the hybrids at St. Joseph's really was caused by the docs' meddling?"
His troubled brown eyes stare into mine. "Then if there truly is a God, may he have mercy on our souls for what we are about to do. Now let's get the hell out of here before Kingsley decides not to wait for us any longer. I think our five minutes are up."
I follow him out the door, his hand gripping mine tight. Like he’s scared I’m going to lose it again. But I don’t even look back.
We join the others back on the road. They watch our approach warily. Kingsley has the detonator ready in his hand, and he raises an eyebrow at Luke. Luke glances over at me, almost if asking permission. I nod at him. I'm ready. It's time to get this over and done with. 
"Do it," Luke says softly, and Kingsley plunges the detonator. 
After everything we had been through these past few days, seeing the building collapse is totally anti-climactic. Following the initial explosion, the building simply just collapses in on itself, over in a matter of seconds. Its destruction is so serene and incidental. Like it shouldn't even be this easy.
I keep looking nervously over my shoulder, waiting for that other shoe to drop. But it doesn't. No leeches come barreling out of the trees, looking for a meal. No hybrids leap at us from the shadows, aiming to rip our heads off. There's just a sense of...finality. And if Sam is one of the infected in there, then I guess this is my last goodbye. It's time to let him go. Until we meet again.
No one utters a word as we watch the mushroom cloud of dust start to dissipate into the air. There simply are no words for what we’ve done, I guess. I just hope to God we made the right call. But the longer we watch, apprehension starts growing in my chest. The injury on my back where the hybrid had sliced me open starts itching like crazy, the thoughts in my head itching at my brain just as bad. 
I reach for Luke's hand again, needing his touch right now. His reassurance. He looks down at our clasped hands in slight surprise, then back up at my face. His surprise quickly turns to puzzlement, furrowing his brow. His eyes silently ask me what’s wrong.
"What if there are more?" I whisper.






EPILOGUE

The quarry warehouse sat alone and abandoned in its valley of dirt and sand. No footsteps marred the earth around the squat building, a testament to it having been forgotten about. No one had been in the old quarry, or entered this building for quite some time.
Inside, shadows danced and played with the dust motes that floated lazily in the feeble rays of the setting sun filtering through the barred windows. A fine layer of dust covered the warehouse floor, disturbed only by tiny prints of the odd vermin that dared to wander through looking for a hopeful tidbit.
One such critter scampered through now, darting in and out of the pillars of white that dotted the floor like chessboard pieces silently waiting for some master to move them about. 
It paused at the base of one pillar; its nose daintily sniffing the air. It had made this place its home for a while. It had felt safe enough. But tonight...something seemed different.
The pillar shifted slightly and the mouse stilled. Wary but not afraid, its beady little eyes traveled up and stared in curiosity. It watched as the pod-like structure shifted again, causing dust to cloud around it. The next pod shifted. And then the next. A shimmer seemed to encapsulate the whole building, like an unseen wave of electricity had swept over its inhabitants. 
Arms erupted from the mesh covering, causing the little critter to finally squeak in panic as it darted away. Its brain, too undeveloped to understand the birthing happening around it, did instinctively know that to stay in the open would mean certain death. 
Its tiny, furry body squeezed underneath the door and scurried into the night leaving the warehouse behind.   
In moments the warehouse came alive with movement. Arms flailed at the sticky substance, ripping and tearing it away from the bodies underneath. Humanoid beings arose from the pods, re-emerging back into a world they had already been born into years ago. No cries or screams accompanied this birth. It all occurred in complete and utter silence. 
One re-born toppled from its covering and landed in the dust on its knees. Shaky hands tore at its chest, leaving a deep groove of crimson across the entwined rings tattooed just above the left breast. Smoky gray eyes opened in panic and its parched throat, weakened from months of disuse, struggled to form the one word screaming loudly in its head. 
"Bixby." 




                                                                        ***
Thank you for reading. Please consider leaving a review on the online retailer where you purchased this book.






Other works by Michelle Bryan

Awaken: New Bloods book 1

Ascension: New Bloods book 2

Grand Escape: Bixby Series Short Story

Strain of Defiance: Bixby Series book 2


































ABOUT THE AUTHOR



Biography


Michelle Bryan lives in Nova Scotia, Canada, with her husband, son, and two crazy felines. Besides her family, her other passions in life consist of chocolate, coffee, and writing. When she’s not busy being a chocolate store manager or spending the day at her computer, she can be found with her nose stuck in any sort of apocalypse book. Please visit her on Facebook, Goodreads, and Amazon or follow her on Twitter @michellebry101. She would love to hear from her readers, so feel free to leave comments or ask questions.































 




