1



Tarizon: Conquest Earth


Book 3


By

William Manchee


Top Publications, Ltd.
Dallas, Texas

Tarizon: Conquest Earth
Volume 3

Smashwords eBook Edition

© COPYRIGHT
William Manchee
2010

Top Publications, Ltd.
3100 Independence Parkway, Suite 311-349
Plano, Texas 75075

ISBN 978-1-935722-37-3
Library of Congress Control Number 2010921364

No part of this book may be published or utilized in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or information storage and retrieval systems without the express written permission of the publisher.

This work is a novel and any similarity to actual persons or events is purely coincidental.

The Prophecy

When the sun and the moons align,
amongst the Earth children will come
one wise and pure in heart.
A man of humble birth, 
who'll tame the savage rhutz,
unite those who'd have liberty 
and justice restored to Tarizon,
 and rid it of its evil tyrant.
Known as The Liberator,
 he'll restore the Supreme Mandate
 and free from bondage
The Mutants, Seafolken, and Nanomites.

Chapter 1 
On Holiday 
Leek Lanzia had only seen a clear sky once since his abduction to Tarizon. It was the night of the super eclipse, his first night on Tarizon. Now, he longed to see a clear blue sky and feel the sun’s warm embrace again. 
Sitting under the huge transparent dome that protected the resort city of Marlais Beach from Tarizon’s toxic atmosphere seemed strangely wrong to him, but he wasn’t complaining. He smiled at the two babies and their mothers building a huge sand castle nearby. It was the first time he had been able to get away with Lucinda and Tehra since the war had ended. There had been so many details to attend to in conjunction with the surrender of the TGA and the transition to the new Loyalist government, that Leek had seen little of his family. It wasn’t that he really had that much to do himself. Lorin Boskie, the new Chancellor, and the command staff were coordinating most of the effort. 
The problem was his popularity. The press followed him everywhere he went and wouldn’t give him a moment’s peace. And, of course, all of the politicians in the capital wanted the Liberator at their functions and affairs. It was a matter of honor and prestige to have the savior of the planet in attendance.
All that adoration was fun and exciting at first, but it quickly became so boring and tedious that Leek could barely stand it. He longed for some time alone with Lucinda and his baby—the mate and child he’d thought he’d lost but who had miraculously been returned to him. In all the time he’d been on Tarizon his days alone with Lucinda could be counted on his fingers. Now, he needed time with her without distraction, so that the wounds that had been inflicted on their relationship could heal—if that were even possible after what they’d been through. 
Finally, after Leek threatened to resign as commander general of the 3rd Army, Lorin granted his request for an extended leave. They’d come to Marlais Beach because it was the only resort Leek had ever visited or known of since he’d come to Tarizon. Lucinda was familiar with it, too, so she jumped at the idea of going there when Leek mentioned it.
Lucinda stood up, picked up her newborn son, Tokin, and began walking toward Leek. “I think he’s had enough sand. I know I have,” she said.
Leek smiled. “Okay, how about some dinner? You must be hungry after all that construction work.”
Lucinda nodded. “I am.” She turned and looked toward Tehra and Sophilo, who were still hard at work. “Hey! Let’s get some dinner.”
Tehra looked up. “Okay,” she said and stood up. She reached down for Sophilo’s hand, but he turned away. She frowned at him and then looked at Lucinda. “He’s already got a mind of his own.”
Leek laughed. “Yeah, well I know where that came from.” 
“Right,” Tehra said, nodding. “Dear old Dad. He was rather single-minded sometimes.”
Leek still found it hard to believe he had a brother on Tarizon. Tehra had been sent to Earth as a guide and had ended up as a legal assistant for Leek’s father in Dallas. When the war started she returned to Tarizon, found Leek, and told him about his father’s heroics on Earth and her pregnancy. The shock of it had blown him over, but it had also given him a feeling of attachment to Tarizon. Suddenly he had a stake in the Tarizon Civil War: He had a child to protect—a good reason for wanting the Loyalists to win and to see the Supreme Mandate restored. 
Sure, it was nice to be the subject of a prophecy and the champion of the mutants, the seafolken, and the nanomites, but they weren’t his own blood. When Lucinda was captured by the TGA and held in prison, Leek thought she and his baby were as good as dead. He tried to believe they could be rescued but knew in his heart it was unlikely. Still, during those moments of utter depression, the thought of someday being reunited with them kept him going and gave him hope. 
Leek wondered if Threebeard had been right to make him think Lucinda had died in Pritzka Prison at the hands of Videl Lai. It was an incredibly cruel thing to do and Leek would probably never forgive him for it. But had he known Lucinda was alive he might not have been able to continue his role as the Liberator. 
He’d avoided Threebeard as much as possible since the war had ended. But it was hard to be angry at anything or anybody when the woman you love and thought dead had suddenly rejoined you in life. Yet he still couldn’t face the three-headed genius who’d been the architect of the Loyalists’ victory. Leek had even severed the telepathic connection between them. He’d built such an impenetrable barrier in his mind that even Threebeard couldn’t breach it.
“I’ll feed Tokin and Sophilo,” Tehra said. “You two go find a good restaurant on the Boardwalk. Then go to a show or do some gambling. Brina and I will take care of the children. Stay out late and have a good time.”
“Are you sure?” Lucinda said. “Brina can watch the children and you can come with us.”
“No, no. This is your vacation. I just came along to help. After we get the children to bed, Brina and I will order some room service.”
“All right,” Lucinda said. “We won’t be too late.”
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep,” Leek teased. “Once I start drinking and gambling, there’s no telling what will happen.”
“Is that true? Should I be worried?” Lucinda asked.
“Well, with a military escort, I guess I can’t get into too much trouble. They’ll carry me back to our room if I’m too plastered to walk.”
“That would be embarrassing. Don’t even think about letting that happen.”
“Don’t worry. I have some anti-inebriation pills that I can take to sober me up if need be—something Mothers Against Drunk Driving would kill for back on Earth.”
As the five of them approached their hotel, their civilian-attired military bodyguards encircled them. Leek frowned. “At ease, Yok. Back off a little. We’re on vacation and I don't want people to notice us.”
“Yes, sir,” Yok said and passed on the order though his v-com.
“And put a smile on your face. Act like you’re a tourist.”
“Yes, sir,” Yok said, forcing a smile.
“That’s a little better.”
The huge hotel, with its white marble facade, had an Persian look that reminded Leek of the Taj Mahal. The main dome stretched skyward over 300 feet and glowed like a light bulb. Leek was gazing upward and didn’t see the hover taxi coming right at him. Yok pulled him back and then yelled some obscenities as the taxi passed by and then settled into the transport ring near the front entrance.
“How do they keep these hover taxis from running into each other?” Leek asked. “Is there some kind of air traffic control?”
“No. They can’t hit anything,” Yok said. “Their programming won’t allow it. They have vital radar and perfect response. That’s why I’m not over there beating the driver’s head in: He isn’t driving. He’s just there to collect the fare and provide security for the passengers.”
“Security? Is that really necessary?”
“Yes. Since the war there have been groups of marauding ex-TGA soldiers reported. They’ve robbed some of the local merchants and even kidnaped members of their families.”
“Hmm. We can’t have that. I'll call General Zitor and have him look into the situation. We’ve got to maintain order.”
“That would be much appreciated, I’m sure. The local governor has been complaining about it.”
As they entered the lobby the hotel manager rushed over to them. “Commander General, I trust you enjoyed our beach,” he said.
Leek nodded. “Yes, it was quite pleasant. Now we are going upstairs and clean up for dinner. Can you recommend a place on the Boardwalk for Lucinda and me?”
“Yes, the Pluminage is exquisite. I’ll make reservations for you, if you’d like.”
“Yes, thank you. Give us about an hour.”
The manager rushed off and Leek turned to Lucinda. Suddenly, he realized that a crowd was forming around him. Yok and his men blocked them from getting too close. Suddenly, someone started to clap. Others joined in. 
“Long live the Liberator!” another yelled. Leek smiled, waved, and then started walking toward the lift. Lucinda smiled proudly at Leek.
An old woman stepped directly in front of Lucinda and took her hand. Yok pulled out his pistol but Lucinda waved him off. 
“You are alive!” the woman said. “They told us you were dead.”
Lucinda smiled appreciatively, and a tear trickled down her cheek. She wiped it away quickly. 
“Yes, I know. I thought I was going to die, too.”
“You poor child. They tortured you, didn’t they?”
Leek pulled the woman gently away from Lucinda. “Yes, thank you for your concern, but she’s okay now and Videl Lai won’t be torturing anybody else.”
“Thank God and Sandee!” someone yelled. 
Yok and his men cleared a path, allowing the vacationers to escape the crowd. Leek breathed a sigh of relief when the lift door finally closed.
“Well, so much for a quiet little holiday,” he sighed.
“I’m afraid privacy will be a scarce commodity for you, Leek,” Tehra said. 
“Unless we go back to Earth. Nobody would pay any attention to us there.”
“You’d want to leave Tarizon after all that you’ve accomplished?” Tehra asked.
The elevator door opened and they were escorted to their suite. They stepped into a large living area with two white leather sofas and chairs, lush carpeting, a small table and a huge VC. Brina met them at the door and took Sophilo from Tehra. Leek took Tokin and sat on a sofa with his son in his lap. Lucinda sat beside them. The security staff made a sweep of the room and then left.
“So, would you leave Tarizon?” Tehra repeated as she fell back into one of the soft chairs.
“Yes,” Leek said. “The Prophecy has been fulfilled. I miss my family, and it would be nice to see a clear blue sky.”
Lucinda frowned and Leek quickly added, “Of course, I would only go to Earth if Lucinda and Tokin came with me. We’re a family now and nothing is going to separate us ever again.”
“Do you want to go back to Earth, Lucinda?” Tehra asked. “You were born there.”
Lucinda shrugged. “I don’t know. I haven’t given it much thought, but I would like to meet Leek’s family. He’s told me so much about them.”
“Even with Videl Lai dead and the war over, life here will still be extremely difficult,” Leek said. “Even if you disregard the toxic condition of the atmosphere, you still have a world where half of the infrastructure has been destroyed, several million soldiers are unemployed, and half a million of them are in need of serious physical rehabilitation—to name just a few of the problems. I don’t envy Lorin’s challenges over the next few cycles.”
“Don’t you want to stay and help her?” Tehra questioned. “She really needs you.” 
Leek sighed. “Haven’t I done enough? This isn’t my planet, for godsakes.”
Lucinda took Leek’s hand in hers and smiled at Tehra. “Leek is still bitter over Threebeard’s treachery, and he’s still recuperating from his gunshot wound. He’s extremely tired and needs some time off. Give us that and then we will carefully consider all options.”
Leek nodded. “Right. I really do want to help Lorin, but I also want to go back to Earth. And you should come with us.”
“Tarizon is my home,” Tehra replied.
“And Earth is mine,” Leek reminded her.
Tehra stood up. “Right. Well, you two need to get ready for dinner. I’ll take care of Tokin.”
Leek lifted Tokin and held him out to her. Tehra took him. “You guys have fun.”
“We will,” Lucinda said as Tehra left the room.
Leek sighed. “Alone at last. Shall we check out the new bed before we take a shower?”
Lucinda frowned. “And get sand on the sheets! I think not.”
“Okay, then I’ll have to ravish you in the shower.”
Lucinda shook her head. “I’m hungry so I won’t be lingering in the shower. But you can ravish me tonight.”
“Hmm. Then I’ll have to watch what I drink. You know booze puts me to sleep.”
She laughed. “That's what I’m counting on.”
Leek smiled, but he was disappointed to learn that Lucinda seemed to have lost interest in sex. Since being reunited they’d made love only a few times, and Leek could tell that Lucinda hadn’t enjoyed it. He’d talked to her doctor about it and was advised not to rush her. She’d been through unimaginable trauma, and it could take cycles for her to heal emotionally. They discussed a memory erase for her, but that was, at best, an imprecise procedure, and there was a chance that too much memory would be wiped away. Leek feared that she might not recognize him when the operation was over.
After they’d showered and dressed, they took the short walk along the crowded Boardwalk to the restaurant. The temperature under the dome was carefully regulated and thus was always quite pleasant. Leek was relieved that, in the low light and amongst the crowd, nobody seemed to recognize them. He had told Yok to back off and give them some breathing room, and the security team’s leader had reluctantly agreed to do so.
A huge yellow neon sign identified the Pluminage. A line of hopeful diners wound out the front door and extended twenty strides down the Boardwalk. Yok rushed ahead and pushed his way inside. A moment later a side door opened, and Leek and Lucinda were escorted inside and taken to a secluded booth. Two waiters and the maître d’ hovered over them, explaining the menu and beverage choices.
“Wow! What service, huh?” Lucinda said.
“Yup. One of the perks of the job,” Leek said, smiling.
“They wouldn’t treat you like this on Earth.”
“No. The government hasn’t been willing to publicly acknowledge Tarizon’s existence. So, if we went back, we’d just be ordinary citizens.”
“What would you do back on Earth?”
“I don’t know. Go back to school for starters. I’d still like to be a lawyer.”
“How could you possibly do that after leading the Loyalist Army to victory? You have it made here on Tarizon. Your life back on Earth could never compare to what it will be here.”
“It could be as good if the government would just acknowledge Tarizon’s existence. Then I could be the Tarizonian ambassador to Earth. That way we could live on Earth and go back to Tarizon from time to time. We could stay in touch with all of our friends and family.”
“That would be nice, but do you think there is any realistic chance of that happening?”
Leek sighed. “No, it’s not likely, but I want to go back and see my family at least. My sister and brothers think I’m dead. I’ve got to make that right.”
Lucinda leaned forward and took Leek’s hands in hers. “Of course. I want to meet your family, too. We can go visit for a while and then return to Tarizon. While we are there you can make contact with your CIA and see if there is any chance of establishing relations between the two worlds.”
Leek took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Well, a lot depends on whether the Intergalactic Fleet surrenders. If it does, then your plan might work. But if it doesn’t and the Fleet leaves Clarion to invade Earth, I’ll have no choice but to return without you. I’m not going to jeopardize your life again no matter what.”
The Intergalactic Fleet had been built on Clarion, Tarizon’s largest moon, because the huge attack cruisers being built there were not designed to enter a planet’s atmosphere. They’d been built specifically for FTL travel, and to achieve that they had to sacrifice conventional drive systems and spaceship design. 
“If you go,” Lucinda said firmly, “I'm going with you.”
Leek stifled the anger that was beginning to well within him. He didn’t want to argue with Lucinda. Not while they were on holiday.
“Let’s just hope they surrender,” he said. “There is no use worrying about it now.”
The thought of the Intergalactic Fleet poised to leave its base on Tarizon’s largest moon made his stomach turn. Now he’d lost his appetite. The last he’d heard, the negotiations with the command staff on Clarion hadn’t been going well. The new Tarizon government promised amnesty to the officers and personnel on Clarion if they’d surrender the Fleet to the government, with the exception of Evohn Cystrom. He had already been charged with high treason by the special war crimes prosecutor and amnesty was out of the question. 
So far, however, there had been no surrender. It was assumed that Evohn Cystrom wielded significant influence within the command staff and was personally blocking the surrender.
A three-handed mutant waiter appeared with their first course and a bottle of tezazi. Leek picked up his glass and eyed it warily. “Is this stuff any good?” he asked.
Lucinda nodded. “Yes, but don’t drink more than one glass, or tomorrow you won’t know what you had for dinner.”
“That good, huh?”
After two glasses of tezazi Leek had forgotten about Evohn Cystrom and the Intergalactic Fleet. His appetite had come back with a vengeance, and he and Lucinda stuffed themselves until they could hardly move. After dinner they went to a show and then to the casino to play tin tan. Finally, just before dawn, they returned to their suite and slept through most of the next day. When Leek woke up late in the afternoon, Lucinda was sitting on the edge of the bed, watching him with a wry smile on her face.
“I told you not to drink too much tezazi,” she reminded him.
He rolled over and sighed. “Right. I’m glad I didn’t listen to you. That was quite a party we had.”
“Oh, yeah. Do you actually remember any of it?”
“Sure. I remember you dancing on the table.”
“I did not!” she protested.
“Yes you did. You just don’t remember it.”
She laughed. He took her hand and pulled her down on him. They kissed passionately for a moment and then Lucinda pulled away. “Don’t get any ideas,” she said. “General Zitor is going to be here in a loon.”
“General Zitor? What’s he doing here?”
“I don’t know. You said you wanted to talk to him about the ex-TGA soldiers marauding around Pogo Island.”
“I didn’t mean for him to come visit me, for godsakes! I was going to call him on the GC.”
Lucinda shrugged. “You better get dressed. He’ll be here soon.”
Leek reluctantly rolled out of bed and stood up. He wobbled a bit and had to steady himself on the bedpost. “Oh, geez. Is the room spinning by any chance?”
Lucinda took his arm and pulled him gently toward the bathroom. “You’ll be all right after you take a shower.”
“If you say so,” Leek mumbled as he followed her into the bathroom.
Ten loons later Leek emerged from the bedroom, showered and dressed. Lucinda and General Zitor were talking and drinking sankee. General Zitor stood up when he saw Leek. 
“General,” Leek said. “Please sit down. How are you?”
“Fine, Commander. I trust your holiday is going well?”
“Yes, so far, but it’s barely begun.”
“I know. I hated having to bother you, but something rather urgent has come up. I’m afraid you’ll have to cut your holiday short.”
Leek looked at Lucinda guiltily. She got up and stormed out of the room. He turned to General Zitor and shook his head. “I was afraid this was going to happen.” 

Chapter 2
Defiance
Lorin Boskie, along with several members of her staff, stood before three giant video monitors, watching the images of Vice Admiral Brunns, Admiral Vin Lugart and Captain Evohn Cystrom, who were in the command center on Clarion. The mood was tense because negotiations hadn’t been going well. 
The new Loyalist government was trying to get the TGA command to surrender control of the Intergalactic Fleet. It was the last remaining step toward ending the Tarizon Civil War, a war that had cost the lives of millions of Tarizonian citizens and destroyed much of the planet’s fragile infrastructure. The immediate difficulty was that the Loyalists did not have sufficient firepower in outer space to compel a surrender, thus making these negotiations necessary.
“According to the Treaty of Shisk, command of the Intergalactic Fleet was to be surrendered immediately,” Lorin reminded them. “Admiral Lugart, you were supposed to surrender command to iral Bovin yesterday, but apparently you denied his ship access to your docking bay.”
“I did not sign the treaty,” Admiral Lugart replied. “I am not bound by it.”
“But General Bratfort did sign it on behalf of the TGA,” Lorin pointed out stiffly.
“He had no authority!” Admiral Lugart spat. “Only Videl Lai had the authority to surrender.”
“That’s ridiculous. Videl Lai was dead. General Bratfort was next in command. He had the authority.”
“He had no authority over the Navy. In the absence of the Chancellor, only the General Assembly could authorize surrender.”
Lorin glared at the admiral in frustration. Threebeard stood up. “Admiral, you can’t maintain the Intergalactic Fleet without the government’s support. You have no source of food, water, or supplies. Where will you get fuel and ammunition? Who’s going to provide you engineers and technical support? It is useless to hold out. What do you really want? Some kind of deal?”
“Nothing!” the admiral shouted. “We need nothing from you. Videl Lai, whom your rhutz ruthlessly slew, has already provided us with everything we need. Our ships are complete and ready for flight. Our advanced hydroponics will provide us with an abundance of food. Our water is recycled, so we’ll always have an adequate supply. And our crews are quite capable of providing proper maintenance for the Fleet. As for fuel and parts, we have stockpiled all we’ll need for many cycles. Videl Lai built the Fleet to be self-sustaining and, I am proud to say, that goal has been achieved.”
“The Intergalactic Fleet belongs to the people of Tarizon, not to a bunch of renegade soldiers,” Lorin said. “You have sworn your allegiance to the people. If you don’t stop this insanity immediately we’ll have no choice but to destroy you and the Fleet.”
Evohn Cystrom laughed. “You know you can’t do that, Chancellor. All you have are a few Earth shuttles. You can’t touch us.”
“Maybe not today. But believe me we will build a fleet and we will eventually find you and destroy you. You’re not going to get away with this.”
“We’ve already gotten away with it and there is nothing you can do about it!” Evohn said angrily. “In a few days we will leave Clarion and you had better hope we never come back. Because the only reason we’d return would be to take back Tarizon—and, if we can’t take it back, then we’ll destroy it!”
A chill darted down Lorin’s spine. Although Evohn Cystrom was only a captain, he was Videl’s adopted son, and his passion for his father’s cause was unsettling. She knew that he was capable of the same atrocities that his father had unleashed on the people of Tarizon, without a second thought. It was only a matter of time before his fanaticism drove him to the top, for he’d kill anyone who dared challenge him. Fear and dread overcame Lorin; she knew the cost of this fight would be dear.
“So, you’re going to become intergalactic pirates. Is that what you’re telling us?” Threebeard asked.
“No. Our plans are much more grandiose than that,” Evohn replied. “If you’re lucky, you’ll never know what became of us.”
The monitors suddenly went blank. Lorin turned to Threebeard, who was stroking his middle beard. 
“What do you think?” Lorin asked.
“I’m afraid Earth is in for a lot of trouble. That’s obviously where they’ll be going. Videl Lai didn’t hide the fact that eventually he wanted to conquer Earth. Now, after losing the war here on Tarizon, the Purists have no other choice but to go to Earth, where they will not only have a vast technological advantage, but also the element of surprise. Incredible as it may seem, most Earthlings don’t even realize they aren’t the only sentient beings in the universe. They’ll be sitting dirkbirds for Evohn Cystrom and his gang of thugs.”
Admiral Bovin stepped forward. “Madam Chancellor. There is something I don’t understand.”
Lorin turned to the admiral. “Yes, what is it?”
“If it is their intention to attack Earth, why are they lingering on Clarion? If they have everything they need, delay can give them no advantage, but could give us time to figure out a way to stop them.”
“True,” Lorin mused. “Maybe they need time to plan for their invasion of Earth.”
“Perhaps, but they’ll have a full cycle to plan on the way to Earth,” Admiral Bovin replied.
“Won’t they be in suspension most of that time?” Lorin asked. “I know I was when I went to Earth.”
“Yes, Earthchildren were brought back in suspension to save resources and minimize the trauma of their removal, but the crew of an attack cruiser will be fully awake and on duty for the duration of the flight.” 
“I see. So they would have plenty of time to plan their attack. I wonder why—”
“They’re no doubt waiting for something they think they’re going to need,” the admiral finished.
“Or someone,” Threebeard suggested.
“Who?” Lorin asked. “General Bratfort?”
“Perhaps? He’d be an asset in developing a strategy for conquering Earth. The Earthlings won’t give up without a fight, and the Americans will be a formidable adversary since we’ve given them much of our technology.”
“Old technology,” Lorin noted.
“True, but the Purists will not want to spoil Earth’s atmosphere. They will avoid using weapons that will do that,” Admiral Bovin said. “If there is one lesson we’ve learned here on Tarizon—”
“Unless they think they are losing,” Threebeard interrupted.
“Well, we better make sure they can’t get him,” the Chancellor said. “Where is General Bratfort now?”
“He’s under house arrest in the governor’s mansion in Shisk,” Admiral Bovin said.
“That’s not very secure. Move him to Pritzka Prison.”
“But that will violate the treaty,” he protested.
“It’s because the TGA is in violation of the treaty that this action is necessary,” Lorin said. “Tell General Bratfort that if he can persuade the TGA command on Clarion to surrender, we won’t have to downgrade his accommodations.”
“Yes, madam,” Admiral Bovin replied. “I’ll get right on it.”
Admiral Bovin left, as did several other staff members. Lorin sighed and looked at Threebeard. “Does Commander Lanzia know about this?”
“No, he’s on holiday. I was hoping it wouldn’t be necessary to disturb him. He’s erected an impenetrable barrier to any telepathic communication from me. I might be able to break it, but I didn’t want to make him any angrier than he already is.”
“Right. I don’t suppose there is anything he can do about it anyway, but he should be briefed. Send General Zitor to advise him of the situation. He'll want to know that Earth is the likely destination of the Intergalactic Fleet.”
“I'll do that, Madam Chancellor,” Threebeard said. “May I take my leave? I want to confer with Captain Shilling and see if she’s come up with a way to stop the Intergalactic Fleet from taking off.”
“Instead, why don’t we conference her in right now from here? I’d like to be in on that briefing.”
“Very well,” Threebeard said, nodding to a staff member. “We’ll see if she’s available.”
The central monitor blinked, and then Captain Shilling’s image appeared. “Chancellor,” she said. “How are you?”
“Not so well, I’m afraid. We’ve just broken off negotiations with Intergalactic Command. They’ve refused to honor the treaty.”
Captain Shilling swallowed hard. “Hmm. I was afraid of that.”
“So, Captain,” Threebeard said. “How are your endeavors coming?”
Captain Shilling grimaced. “I’m afraid I don’t have good news on that score. I did develop a rather reluctant contact on Clarion, whose name I promised to keep to myself. That contact is in a position to know what’s going on.”
“Good. So, is there anyone on the command staff who wants to surrender?”
“Yes, many of the junior officers want to, but they are afraid to make their opinions known. Everyone is afraid of Evohn Cystrom and Lt. Lethrow, who has become his henchman. They know Cystrom will have Lethrow kill anyone he suspects is not completely behind him. That’s how Videl Lai operated, and Evohn knows only too well how effective fear is.”
“What about an attack on the Fleet?” Lorin asked. “Is that feasible?”
“Not realistically. We have fighters that could attack the base, but once they saw us coming they’d just withdraw into deep space and we couldn’t pursue them.”
“Perhaps we should attack them anyway,” Threebeard interjected, “just to deprive them of whatever or whomever they are waiting for.”
Lorin looked pensively at Threebeard. “Yes, perhaps we should. Is there any way to sneak up on them and catch them off guard, maybe even eliminate the option of leaving Clarion?”
“It’s not likely. They have a very sophisticated detection system. The moment a fighter gets anywhere near the base, they’ll know about it.”
“I thought our fighters couldn’t be detected in stealth mode.”
“Only in the atmosphere,” Threebeard explained. “Our stealth technology was not designed for outer space. Our fighters will appear as bright blips on the Clarion detection screens.”
“So, are there any other options?”
“Just one,” Captain Shilling said. “I’m working on a plan to sabotage one or more of the ships to prevent them from leaving.”
“Really?” Lorin asked. “Whom would you get to do that?”
“I’m not sure, but I’ve got a warning out to the mechanics’ guild on Clarion about the command staff’s refusal to surrender. I’ve suggested to them that they may be in danger. It is my belief that everyone not traveling with the Fleet when it leaves will be killed. Evohn Cystrom will not want anyone left behind to provide us with useful intelligence.”
Lorin gasped. “Oh, Sandee. You’re right. I hadn’t thought of that. They won’t leave a living being behind.”
“Correct. So I think there will be those who’ll want to help us, if we can provide them a way to escape alive.”
“Can we do that?”
“I think so. There are deep bunkers that were built for storage. It was easier to keep the temperature constant underground. If they can escape into the bunkers they might survive a surface attack. We need to make sure the Fleet leaves in a hurry, so they don’t have time to go around and personally kill each and every one left behind. I’m sure they’ll want to destroy the Clarion base and its manufacturing plants to delay the building of our own pursuit fleet.”
Lorin felt much better after talking to Captain Shilling. For the first time, she felt a glimmer of hope that the Intergalactic Fleet might be stopped after all. She knew it was still a long shot at best, but at least they wouldn’t have to stand by and do nothing.
“Is there any way we can warn the governments on Earth that the Fleet is coming?” she asked Threebeard after Captain Shilling had signed off.
“No, I’m afraid not,” he said. “The only way to communicate with Earth is by Earth shuttle. It would take a full cycle for a shuttle to get there; and even if they were warned, what could they do? They’d have but a few days to mount a defense.”
“That would be better than being taken by complete surprise,” Lorin reasoned. “We should launch a shuttle immediately. How close to Earth would they have to get before they could transmit a message?”
“About ten days from Earth they could send a transmission.”
“So, they’d have ten days, plus every day that we could delay the Fleet’s departure.”
Threebeard nodded. “Still, not much time.”
“Couldn’t the shuttle be of some assistance in their defense?”
“Yes, it could,” Threebeard replied thoughtfully. “It could provide intelligence to the governments of Earth, but as soon as the Fleet realized it was assisting, they’d try to destroy it.”
“The shuttles carry a few fighters, don’t they?”
“Yes, I believe each has the capability of carrying ten fighters.”
“Good, so we’ll have a little firepower. How about our other shuttles?”
“There are two others operational, but I doubt if the rest are flight worthy.”
“Find out. If we can send three Earth shuttles that would be much better.”
“Yes, and since we won’t be carrying passengers, I’m sure with a little time we could modify the shuttles to take many more fighters.”
“How many, do you think?” Lorin asked excitedly.
“Hundreds, I’m sure.”
“Fantastic! Get working on it right away. I want Earth Shuttle 26 ready to leave tomorrow, and the others as quickly as they can be readied.”
Threebeard nodded. “Yes, Madam Chancellor. It shall be done, but you know Commander Lanzia will want to be on one of those shuttles.”
“Yes. I suppose he will. Tell General Zitor to advise him of our plans and offer him command of the mission if he wants it.”
“If he wants it?” Threebeard chuckled. “You wouldn’t be able to keep him away. He’s been dying to get back to Earth.”
“Yes, but Lucinda will have something to say about that. Don’t underestimate her. She’s almost lost Leek once, so she’ll put up a strong fight to prevent that from happening again.”
Threebeard raised his three eyebrows. “True enough. It will be interesting to see how that battle of wills plays out.”
Lorin summoned her Chief of Staff, Ruffe Marcuzzi, a former senator and friend of her father. He’d stuck by her after Senator Mammett defeated her in her first bid to become chancellor. While she was away working for Leek Lanzia in the Loyalists’ secret headquarters in the Doral Mountains, Senator Marcuzzi and General Zitor had kept her base of support intact. When Chancellor Mammett was killed, she had been the logical choice to succeed him.
“Ruffe. We are going to send Earth Shuttle 26 off to Earth to warn the governments there that the Intergalactic Fleet is on its way. You’ll need to call a meeting of the General Assembly to authorize it.”
“Yes, Madam Chancellor. I’ll see to it.”
“I want to offer Leek Lanzia the opportunity to command the mission, but I know many in the assembly will be against it. See if that’s going to be a problem.”
“Yes, Madam Chancellor.”
Lorin pondered the situation. She didn’t want Leek to leave, but she knew him well enough to know he couldn’t be held back when Earth was about to be attacked. She just prayed the General Assembly wouldn’t try to stop him from leaving. 
Many would fear that without his leadership the reunification of Tarizon would fail. It had taken God’s deliverance of the holy man, Sandee Brahn, and the super-volcanic eruptions to bring the nations of Tarizon together and end centuries of war and turmoil. Now that the civil war was over, reunification was underway, but there were those who favored the restoration of separate states rather than a single world government. The General Assembly was counting on the Liberator’s influence in keeping Tarizon’s government intact.
Lorin left the command center and went back to her office. Cora Linzing, her executive secretary, stood up when she entered the room.
“Sit down, Cora. There’s no time for formalities. We’ve got a lot of work to do.”
“Yes, madam.”
“See if you can locate Councilor Shilline. I’d like to talk to him. Tell him it is very urgent. Also, I need to talk to Red, you know, Captain Loonas Levitur. I believe he’s in the city today.”
“Yes, of course.”
Lorin knew that Red would want to go with Leek to Earth. They were good friends and he’d be very upset if he found out Leek had gone without him. She also needed someone to command the fighters that would be carried aboard the shuttles. Red was a great pilot, a respected leader. He was also one of the “Three Avengers,” as Red’s group of ace pilots had been called during the war. 
He’d be the perfect choice to go with Leek to Earth. She also thought of Tam, Leek’s other good friend. But he was the commander of the 5th Loyalist Army, and couldn’t be spared.
Later that afternoon, Cora announced that Captain Levitur had arrived. Lorin got up and met him at the door. They embraced. Red was in his full dress uniform and Lorin gave him a once-over. 
“How are you, Captain?” she asked. “You look magnificent!”
“Thank you, ma’am. I thought a summons from the Chancellor warranted looking my best.”
“Well, I’m impressed.”
“I think this is first time I’ve worn a dress uniform since the award ceremonies.”
Lorin thought back to the ceremonies following the signing of the Treaty of Shisk. She’d hung hundreds of medals on the brave soldiers who’d made it back alive from the front lines. She thought of millions who’d died fighting to restore the Supreme Mandate, thus restoring freedom and justice to Tarizon.
“So, have a seat, Red. I’ve got something important to discuss with you.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he said and took a seat in front of her desk.
Lorin didn’t take her place behind her desk, but opted to sit in the chair next to Red.
“There’s been an unfortunate development,” she began. “The command on Clarion is refusing to surrender the Intergalactic Fleet. We are pretty sure they plan to embark on an invasion mission to Earth at any moment. We are frankly perplexed why they haven’t left already.”
“Commander Lanzia was afraid this would happen,” Red said. “He mentioned the possibility on more than one occasion.”
“Yes, well, he was right. Our only hope is if we can sabotage the ships before they leave.”
“Really? Can we do that?”
“Yes, possibly. We’re working on a coordinated operation, both from within and without. But, in case that doesn’t work, we’re sending a few shuttles to Earth right away to warn the people and help them put up a defense.”
“As I recall the Intergalactic Fleet is pretty formidable. Will three shuttles have a whisper of a chance?”
“No, but the governments of Earth have many armies, particularly the American government. They might have a chance at defending themselves if they are not taken by surprise, and they have the advantage of the technology that will be at their disposal on our shuttles.”
“Well, Madam Chancellor. I’d sure like a ‘piece of that action,’ as Commander Lanzia would say.”
“Yes, I thought you would. I want you to meet with General Zitor and get as many shuttles as possible mustered and refitted in the next few days. Also, we’ll need a squadron of fighters for the coordinated sabotage and attack.” 
“We don’t have much time. We have to have a head start if there is to be any chance of success.”
Red stood up as he continued. “So I should get going. I’ve got a lot to do.”
Lorin rose and they embraced again. “Goodbye, Captain, and may God and Sandee be with you.”
As she was showing Red out the door, Lorin saw Councilor Shilline waiting for her. 
“Hello, Councilor,” she said, and walked over to him. He stood and they embraced. “Thanks for coming by so quickly.”
“Cora said it was urgent.”
“Yes, I’m afraid it is.”
She brought him up-to-date on the Clarion situation, and on her plan to send a few shuttles to try to warn Earth that the Intergalactic Fleet was planning to invade. She also asked him how the General Assembly would react to Commander General Lanzia’s departure for Earth.
“There will be considerable concern about it, I’m afraid,” the councilor said. “He’s immensely popular and many were counting on that popularity to keep the people united behind a central world government.”
“Yes. I don’t want him to go, either, but I can’t hold him hostage. He’s earned the right to return to Earth.”
“So, what do you want me to do?”
“I’d like you to inform the leaders of the General Assembly of the events currently taking place. I don’t want them to think I’m hiding anything from them, nor do I want them to hear about any of this from the press first. Let them know I’m interested in their opinions on these matters and would welcome their input.”
“Of course, I’ll get right on it.”
Lorin thanked Councilor Shilline and he left. She hoped he could head off the backlash she expected if she allowed the Liberator to return to Earth. She knew there would be many angry voices when the word got out. She just hoped the people wouldn’t panic when they learned they wouldn’t have their beloved leader to guide them through the difficult times ahead. 
Deep down, though, she knew she was in for the fight of her life. She just hoped it wouldn’t lead to a no-confidence vote, and her removal from office. Anger swept over Lorin like a hot desert wind. 

Chapter 3
Rescue
Captain Evohn Cystrom stepped aboard the Loring 22 Troop Transporter, nodded to the platoon sergeant, and pushed the red button to close the hatch. The L22 lurched upward and then broke away from its holding anchor. Two other L22s followed the lead ship as it pulled away from Clarion. All three headed toward Tarizon. 
The Captain gazed over the transport’s contingent of seventy-five combat soldiers in full assault gear. He felt confident their mission would go well, and that the Intergalactic Fleet would soon be free to leave Clarion for its ultimate destination. 
He was sad that his father wouldn’t be there to witness the conquest of Earth and the creation of a perfect world, free of mutants and inferior life-forms. The perfect place for the human race, God’s perfect creation. Rupra Bruda was the Purists’ prophet, delivering God’s message of purification. According to Bruda, God’s orders were clear: The Purists must gain control of all governments and purge those in power who were contaminated or who failed to understand and embrace God’s will.
The Captain moved along the access way to the bridge and looked into the facial scanner. In response, the door slid open and a soldier saluted briskly. Captain Cystrom returned the salute and walked past the soldier to the interior doorway. The door opened and he looked around the bridge. There were five control consoles. The pilot sat alone in the front chair with a full forward view, with five monitors giving him vision from all angles. Four co-pilots sat diagonally behind him in two rows, leaving an access lane down the middle. Instrument panels were embedded in the walls and ceiling around the crew. Two observation chairs were located on both sides at the rear. Captain Cystrom sat down in one of them and Lt. Rohr Lethrow was seated in the other.
“How long until we get to Shini?” Captain Cystrom asked.
“Twenty loons, Captain,” the pilot advised.
Cystrom looked at the control patch embedded in his wrist, where the current time was displayed. He performed a quick mental calculation.
“That will give us ten loons to get into position. Have our infiltrators reported in?”
“Yes, sir. They are in place at the gate of the dome to give us access,” Lt. Lethrow replied.
“Good. Won’t Lorin Boskie be shocked and humiliated when she finds out how easily we breached her security and snatched her prized political prisoner from right under her nose!”
Lt. Lethrow and the pilot laughed. 
“Serves the skutz right,” the pilot said, looking back at Captain Cystrom. He turned back to his instrument panel and flipped a switch. “Prepare for reentry.”
A heat shield slid across the panel in front of them. The ship lurched and shook violently. A deafening roar engulfed the cabin. Lt. Lethrow gripped the arm of his chair and grimaced. Captain Cystrom stiffened but seemed otherwise oblivious to the discomfort. Finally, the cabin quieted and the heat shield retracted. In the distance, Shini’s giant dome could be seen glowing in the predawn darkness.
“Approaching contact point,” the pilot advised.
The ship dove toward a blinking beacon two kylods from the dome. It hovered over the beacon for a moment and then sank, coming to rest on a deserted road. The rear ramp lock retracted, and the ramp opened smoothly until it touched the ground. Soldiers immediately began deploying along the road and were soon out of sight. 
Lt. Lethrow stepped out and surveyed the terrain. He looked at his wrist array and activated the scanner. Captain Cystrom followed down the ramp and, as soon as he was clear, it began to close. When the ramp was secure the ship took off and disappeared behind the nearby hills.
“My scanner shows no life-forms within a kylod,” Lt. Lethrow reported.
“Where are our transports?” Cystrom asked. “They should be here by now.”
“I don't know. They must have been held up.”
They waited impatiently for nearly five loons, then the sound of approaching vehicles could be heard. Captain Cystrom peered down the road. 
“This might be them. Take cover in case it’s someone else.”
Lt. Lethrow stepped off the road and waited where he couldn’t be seen. Captain Cystrom lingered a moment, but as the vehicles got closer he joined Lt. Lethrow in the darkness. The vehicles slowed as they approached their position. Lt. Lethrow’s communicator beeped. He glanced down at it and nodded. 
“It’s them,” he acknowledged. “Okay, men. Prepare to load up.”
Two delivery trucks pulled up and came to a stop. Large decals on their sides indicated they belonged to a private mail carrier called Lightning Express. The troops climbed aboard and hid themselves behind a wall of large boxes. Lt. Lethrow rode in the first truck, Captain Cystrom in the other. The vehicles immediately sped off toward the dome. At the entrance to the dome they slowed and joined a long line of vehicles seeking entry into the city. 
With the war over, security was nominal at best. A sleepy guard gave a cursory glance at the counterfeit road permit each driver produced and then waved them through. 
Twenty-five loons later the trucks rolled up and took positions just east of the Northwest Regional Detention Camp. The troops deployed along the main highway as planned. For a few tiks all was quiet. Then the gate to the detention camp opened and a convoy began rolling out. There were two soldiers on turbo cycles up front, followed by a troop transporter carrying six soldiers, an armored cab, presumably holding the prisoner, and two more troop transporters. The convoy proceeded down the drive to the highway and turned east. As they reached the first intersection, there was a huge explosion in the city. A gigantic plume of fire and smoke marked the blast’s location. 
The convoy stopped. The two soldiers on turbo cycles strained to get a better look. The door to one of the troop transporters opened and a soldier got out. He looked up at the billowing smoke. The cyclist rode over to him and they conferred for a moment. They jerked around when another explosion rocked the opposite side of Shini. Far in the distance another fiery inferno had erupted. The two soldiers talked frantically and then came to a decision. The cyclist took off back toward the detention center and the rest of the convoy followed after him. 
Before the cyclist had reached the rear of the convoy, he suddenly burst into flames as a laser blast engulfed him. A tik later the three transport vehicles were incinerated by pulse beams. As they smoldered, soldiers advanced toward the armored vehicle, firing as they moved. The vehicle’s automatic weapons systems returned fire, targeting anything with a heat signature. Its laser cannons took out two approaching soldiers, forcing the others to either take cover or retreat.
“Get the sharpshooters to take out the lasers!” Lt. Lethrow yelled.
Two soldiers with long rifles took positions behind a concrete wall. They aimed at the laser cannons and fired. The cannons exploded and went dead. The soldiers who’d taken cover reemerged and resumed their advance toward the armored vehicle. Suddenly a hatch opened, and a soldier stuck his head out and began firing on them with a machine gun loaded with smart bullets. Many soldiers fell before Lt. Lethrow took the man out with his laser.
Captain Cystrom stepped out of the darkness and approached the armored vehicle. “Now,” he ordered. “Get the containment hold opened!”
A soldier rushed over with a handheld mechanical device. He set it on a ledge above the vehicle’s locking mechanism and punched in a code. Lights began flickering, and a whirring sound could be heard. After a few tiks the lock disengaged and Captain Cystrom pulled the hatch open.
Rupra Bruda peered out at them in shock. “Evohn! Is that you?”
Captain Cystrom smiled. “You didn’t think we’d abandoned you, did you?”
Bruda turned his head slightly as Lt. Lethrow helped him out of the containment hold. “No. Of course not, but I was told the war was over and we’d been defeated.”
“Loyalist propaganda!” Captain Cystrom spat. “Come, we must get out of the city quickly. The government will be livid when they find out what we have done.”
As the rescue team’s transport trucks were rolling up, the gates to the detention center began to open again, and several vehicles full of soldiers poured out. Lt. Lethrow ordered four of his men to return fire as the rest of them climbed aboard. Two of the defending soldiers were hit almost immediately and fell to the ground. When the vehicles were loaded and ready, several soldiers tried to help the wounded men aboard. 
“No!” Captain Cystrom ordered. “We don’t have time. Just kill them. We can’t leave prisoners.”
The soldiers looked in horror at Captain Cystrom. “Kill them,” he repeated.
One of the soldiers shook his head and walked away. Captain Cystrom grabbed his arm, pointed his pistol at the man’s head, and fired. There were gasps of horror from the other soldiers. Cystrom glared at them with his pistol raised and ready.
“Anyone else want to disobey my command?”
One of the other soldiers pulled out his pistol, shot the two wounded soldiers in the head, and then climbed aboard the waiting truck. Everyone else scrambled aboard behind him wearing expressions of fear and horror. Captain Cystrom picked up a pulse gun and leveled it at the attacking soldiers. He fired and then watched gleefully as they were engulfed in a wall of flames. The soldier who’d dutifully murdered his wounded comrades extended a hand, helped pull the Captain aboard, and the truck took off.
They sped back toward the entrance to the dome. The reek of smoke was heavy in the air and made visibility difficult. This was part of the Captain’s plan, as he had known escaping from Shini would be difficult. Under the cover provided by the smoke, they drove back the way they had come undetected and unchallenged. 
At the entrance to the dome, the three L22s had blown out the checkpoint and everyone was fleeing for their lives. When the trucks arrived, the soldiers streamed out, making fast for their transports back to Clarion. There was sporadic gunfire from a group of guards who’d taken refuge in a nearby building, but nothing threatening. 
As the first L22 took off, a T-47 fighter emerged out of stealth mode and swooped down on it. A missile launched, striking the L22, which exploded and crashed to the ground. The pilot of Captain Cystrom’s L22 took advantage of the melee to take off in another direction, still close to the dome, assuming another T-47 would be close behind the first. He was right, and a tik later the second T-47 emerged just as the third transport lifted off the ground. The fighter fired a missile and the L22 exploded and fell on top of the checkpoint station.
Captain Cystrom, aboard the surviving L22, breathed a sigh of relief as it shot upward toward Clarion. The fact that he’d just lost two-thirds of his men didn’t concern him. They were expendable, but Rupra Bruda was essential to his plans. He looked over at the old man, who was looking a little pale. 
“Are you all right, sir?”
“Yes, I still can’t believe you rescued me,” Bruda replied. “They told me Videl Lai was dead.”
“He is, I’m afraid. That’s why I had to rescue you. I’m going to need your help in conquering Earth.”
Rupra’s eyes widened. “You’re in control of the Intergalactic Fleet?”
“Not yet,” Cystrom admitted.
Bruda laughed. “Not yet, huh?”
“No, but I convinced the admiral that you were essential to our mission and that we should rescue you before we left Clarion.”
“Thank you for that. I’m in your debt,” Rupra said. “Your father would be proud of you if he were still alive.”
“You think so?”
“Yes, and God will reward you for snatching victory out of defeat. Your father and I agreed long ago that Tarizon was a hopeless cause with so many mutants, those seafolken monsters, and the nanomite spies always lurking about. With the Intergalactic Fleet we’ll be able to go to Earth, where humans are the only sentient life-form and the air is fit to breathe. There the task of cleansing the people will be so much easier.”
“What about the rhutz? They killed my father.”
“Yes, I know about the rhutz. We used to kill them for sport.”
“How did you manage that? They have such strong telekinetic abilities.”
“Long-range rifles. We’d pick them off from half a kylod away. They didn’t have a chance.”
“What about the other rhutz in the pack?” Cystrom pressed. “Wouldn’t they come after you?”
“Yes, that’s what made it exciting. You always had to have a good escape plan. We usually had jetcycles handy.”
“Well, if we ever come back to Tarizon I would like to do a little rhutz hunting myself. In fact, I’d like to kill every last one of them!”
“I bet you would. Luckily they don’t have rhutz on Earth, so that is no longer a concern.”
Captain Cystrom nodded. He was satisfied, now that the Tahma, which means “father” in Tari, of the Purist Party was aboard. The Intergalactic Fleet was ready to embark on its holy mission to Earth, and he knew now, with Rupra Bruda’s support, that by the time the Fleet arrived at its destination he would be in command.

Chapter 4
Return to Earth
When he came to Marlais Beach, Leek Lanzia had been fairly certain he wouldn’t get the long holiday that he’d been promised, but he’d still expected more than a couple of days. But General Zitor was his good friend, and Leek didn’t want to take out his frustration on him. He assumed that either Threebeard or Lorin had intentionally sent his old friend, probably to blunt his reaction to being summoned back from holiday so soon. Their trick angered him even more.
“So, what’s the bad news?” Leek asked despondently.
“I’m afraid all negotiations with Intergalactic Command have broken down and their departure from Clarion is imminent.”
Leek took a deep breath. “Well, I can’t say that surprises me. I thought the negotiations would go on a little longer, though.”
“As did I, but apparently Evohn Cystrom is wielding more influence with his fellow officers than we expected. He may be trying to step into his father’s shoes.”
“But there are four or five officers of superior rank at Clarion, aren’t there?”
“Yes, but none as ambitious and determined as he, I’m afraid.”
“So, when do you think they will leave?”
“Soon. Particularly after what happened this morning.”
“Why, what happened? I didn’t hear about anything.”
“I was just informed of it myself. Apparently Rupra Bruda has escaped.”
“What! How did that happen?”
“I don’t know the details, but they got him while he was being transported to the airport to be flown to Shisk for trial.”
A horrible feeling came over Leek. “Oh, Sandee! That means we have another spy in Central Command!”
“You think so?”
“How else could they have known when he was to be transported?”
“Hmm. You may be right.”
Leek fell back into his chair in despair. “So, now what do we do? They surely will be headed to Earth.”
“Yes, that’s Lorin’s and Threebeard’s fear, too. That is why our three operational shuttles are being readied for immediate departure for Earth. If we can get there before the Intergalactic Fleet, we can warn the governments there and help them put up a defense.”
Leek leaned forward. “Yes! That’s a good idea.”
“The only one that’s feasible, I’m afraid.”
“Right. I need to be on one of those shuttles, General. I’m the only one who can immediately make contact with the proper authorities on Earth.”
“Through your father?” General Zitor asked.
“Yes. He has contacts with the American CIA, the agency handling the Tarizon Repopulation Project. With my father’s help we can warn the Americans of the danger, and they’ll believe us. Any other approach would take too long, and time will be critical.”
“Well, command of the mission is yours, if you’ll take it.”
Leek frowned. “Why wouldn’t—oh, Sandee. I can’t leave Lucinda and Tokin again. Not so soon.”
Leek shook his head dejectedly.
“I would say take them with you, but it would be dangerous.”
“I’d like them to come and meet my family, but with Earth under attack I might end up getting them killed.”
“True. It’s a difficult situation. You’ll have to discuss it with Lucinda. I’ll leave you alone for the rest of the day to consider it, but you must leave tonight to make it to Earth Shuttle 26 before it launches.”
Leek nodded thoughtfully. “Okay, thank you, General. I’ll be ready.”
The general left and Leek went to look for Lucinda. He found her in the bedroom watching Tokin sleep. She didn’t look up. He sat on the end of the bed and sighed.
“Did you hear the news?” he asked.
“No. I couldn’t bear to hear it.”
“The Fleet is about to embark. Our only hope is to send our three shuttles immediately to Earth to warn them of the attack.”
“What good will that do?”
“It may not do any good, but with our help they might at least have a chance of defending themselves.”
“Might? What are the odds realistically—a hundred to one that the attack will be successful?”
“Lucinda, listen to me. Earth is my home. My family is there. If the odds were a thousand to one I’d still have to take that chance. I have to be on board one of those shuttles when it leaves.”
She lowered her head and sighed.
“You’re right, of course. You don’t have a choice.”
“No. I don’t.”
“So, we’ll come with you,” she said forcefully. “I don’t want to be left alone again. Tokin needs his father.”
“But it will be incredibly dangerous. I couldn’t in good conscience put you two in such danger.”
“We’ll always be in danger wherever we are. What if those marauding ex-TGA soldiers we heard about yesterday find out that the Liberator’s mate and son are in town, alone? Don’t you think that kidnaping us would at least cross their minds?”
“You’ll be protected.”
“Sure. Like I was protected the last time you left me.”
Lucinda’s words stung Leek. Tears welled in his eyes. She was right, of course. He’d left her, and she’d ended up in Pritzka Prison. He couldn’t imagine what she must have gone through, the horror she must have felt. Whenever he’d asked her about the details of her ordeal, she’d refused to talk about it. It was too traumatic to even think about, she’d said. She’d gone through therapy and been released, but there were scars left that would always be there.
Leek sighed. “Okay, then. I guess that settles it. I can’t turn my back on Earth and my family, nor can I leave you again. I just pray to God and Sandee that we’re doing the right thing. I will die if anything happens to you or Tokin.”
Lucinda took Leek’s hand and smiled gently. “If something happens to us, then chances are we’ll all be united in heaven.”
“I don’t know. Can a soldier responsible for so much blood and death go to heaven?”
“Don’t talk like that. You had no choice. And you were fighting on the side of God and Sandee!”
Leek lowered his head, struggling to compose himself. “I don’t know about that,” he said softly.
Lucinda put her arms around him and held him tightly.
After a while, Tokin woke up and began to cry. Lucinda let go of Leek and went to him. 
“You better tell Tehra and Brina what's going on. I’ll start packing,” she said.
When General Zitor arrived early that evening in a Grinden 230, Leek, Lucinda, and Tokin were nearly ready to leave. But they hadn’t yet said goodbye to Tehra and Sophilo.
“I can’t believe you’re leaving us,” Tehra said. “I wish I could come with you.”
“I thought about that,” Leek said, “but frankly, I don’t want to be responsible for my parents’ divorce. It would be very awkward for everyone, and I don’t think my mother would forgive Dad for fathering a child with another woman, whatever the circumstances.”
“I understand,” Tehra replied. “I promised your father he’d never see me again, anyway.”
“I know he’d love to see you and Sophilo, but not at the expense of his marriage. He loves my mother.”
“I know he does.”
General Zitor coughed. “We’re going to miss the shuttle if we don’t get going.”
Lucinda and Tehra hugged each other, and then everyone piled in the Grinden for the short ride to the air terminal. On the way, General Zitor briefed Leek on the latest developments.
“Earth Shuttle 26 has been stocked and fueled and is ready for departure. In fact, I’ve arranged for the ship to pick us up at the air terminal here. That will save several kyloons.”
“Who’s our captain?” Leek asked.
“Captain Shilling. There wasn’t time to find a new captain and get him up to speed.”
“I thought she was handling the sabotage of the Fleet.”
“She’s done all she can do at this end. Now it’s up to the people on Clarion. If they fail, we want our best captain at the helm of Earth Shuttle 26.”
“When will the other two shuttles be ready?”
“Tomorrow, or the day after at the latest, they’ll be under way. Now all we have to do is delay the Intergalactic Fleet’s departure as long as possible.”
“Even with our head start, is there a chance the Fleet could beat us to Earth?”
“No. There haven’t been any advances in FTL drive technology since the shuttles were built. Space exploration hasn’t been a top priority since the great eruptions. You should still arrive at Earth ahead of the Fleet.”
As they approached the air terminal, they saw the huge Earth shuttle sitting on the tarmac. It was a familiar sight to Leek, as it had been his headquarters during the civil war. But it looked much bigger now. Previously, he had only seen it when most of the ship was buried underground at its Doral Mountains site. 
The saucer-shaped giant measured some 360 feet across at its mid section and 90 feet from top to bottom. There were five decks, and when fully loaded it could carry over two thousand passengers. The crew occupied the top deck, where the bridge was located. The bottom deck was for ship’s stores and cargo; it also housed the FTL drive. The three middle decks were designed for passengers. During flight, most of the passengers were put into deep sleep to maximize the number who could be transported. On this mission, however, with less than 500 passengers aboard, nobody would be sleeping. 
To her credit, Captain Shilling had anticipated the need for Earth Shuttle 26 to return to Earth, and had ordered it be refitted for military transport duty. It was already equipped with all the necessary equipment to coordinate a military operation since it had served as headquarters for the 3rd Loyalist Army. Now a second deck had been cleared out so that it could carry fighters, missiles, and a variety of combat equipment to support the new mission profile. The third and fourth decks were converted into hydroponics and engineering units, and a training facility for the crew and military personnel had been added.
When Leek and his companions pulled up in front of the main hatch, Captain Shilling stepped out to greet them. A crew member rushed over and opened the Grinden’s door. Leek stepped out and smiled at the Captain. He then took Tokin from Lucinda, held him in one arm, and helped Lucinda out with his other hand.
“Welcome, Commander,” Captain Shilling said.
“Thank you,” Leek replied. “You’ve met Lucinda, haven’t you?”
Captain Shilling nodded. “Yes, briefly. I was glad to hear you were coming. The trip to Earth is always quite boring. It will be nice to have another woman aboard, and a baby to play with.”
“Yes, we are both very excited to be here,” Lucinda said. “Tokin finally will be able to spend some time with his father.”
“That’s right. He’ll be stuck on the ship for the next cycle.”
Leek smiled. “That’s fine with me.”
After the luggage had been unloaded and taken aboard, Captain Shilling escorted them up the ramp and onto the ship. After the hatch had been secured, her first officer, Lt. Lakee, approached her.
“Captain, we’re ready for departure,” he reported.
“Very well, I’ll head straight up to the bridge. Have Lucinda and Tokin taken to their quarters. Commander, will you join me on the bridge?”
“Of course,” Leek said. “It will be my pleasure.”
Leek had visited the shuttle’s bridge several times, but never been in it when the ship was in flight. Today it was a hub of activity, as a dozen crewmen worked diligently, preparing for takeoff. The Captain took her seat in the center of the circular room and directed Leek to sit in an empty chair behind her. 
“All systems are go, Captain,” Lt. Lakee advised.
She nodded. “Then take us to Earth!”
“Fire thrusters,” Lt. Lakee ordered.
The ship rocked slightly and then began to rise. Leek still had trouble believing something as large as Earth Shuttle 26 could lift right off the ground the way it did. Of course, he had no idea how a shuttle’s thrusters worked and simply marveled every time he saw them in action.
As the shuttle gained speed, Leek felt substantial discomfort from the rapid acceleration out of Tarizon’s atmosphere. As a fighter pilot, he’d experienced up to 10 Gs of force, but this was far stronger than anything he’d ever encountered. He thought of Lucinda and Tokin and wondered how they were faring. 
Finally, the ship escaped the planet’s atmosphere, and the intense pressure eased off. Leek immediately felt a sense of lightness and realized they were in zero gravity. He pushed off from his chair slightly and began to float.
“Initiate artificial gravity,” Lt. Lakee ordered.
Leek fell hard back into his chair. Captain Shilling laughed.
“Sorry about that, Commander. I guess I should have let you float around awhile just for the fun of it.”
“No. That’s all right,” he said, smiling. “I kind of like having my feet on the ground.”
“Me too.”
Leek watched the huge monitor displaying Tarizon as its image grew smaller and smaller. The pale, orange-enshrouded planet, with splotches of blue at its poles, was a magnificent sight and quite mesmerizing. He’d never actually seen Tarizon before from a distance, since on the way there from Earth he’d been in deep sleep. As Tarizon’s image shrank, Leek saw Clarion come into view.
“So, any word on the Intergalactic Fleet?” he asked. “They haven’t left, have they?”
“No,” Captain Shilling replied. She explained to him how she’d convinced some of the workers on Clarion to sabotage the Fleet’s ships. “That should, at least, delay their departure for a while.”
“Good,” Leek said and stood up. “Captain, if you don’t need me for anything right now, I think I’d like to check on Lucinda and the baby.”
“Yes, of course,” Captain Shilling said, and nodded to one of her officers. “Lt. Brigi will show you to your quarters. I’ll see you at dinner.”
Leek saluted casually and took one last look at the receding view of Tarizon before he left the bridge. Lt. Brigi, a short brunette with a pleasant smile, walked briskly through the maze of corridors, with Leek following close behind.
“So, what’s your duty on the ship?” Leek asked.
“Communications, intelligence,” she explained. “I monitor communications channels and also the ship’s scanners. You know: Keep an eye on what’s going on ahead and around us so I can warn the Captain of any potential dangers.”
“Right,” Leek said, following Lt. Brigi through a hatch.“I can’t believe how they’ve reconfigured this ship,” he added, noting the many changes made since he’d last been aboard. “I used to know my way around pretty good.”
“Yes, they completely gutted the interior and rebuilt it for this mission.”
Lt. Brigi stopped in front of a cabin. “Here you go,” she said. “There are no keys. Just stand in front of the door and the sensors will determine if you are authorized to enter the room. Oh. There’s a deck map in your room that you can study at your leisure.” 
Leek nodded and stepped in front of the door. The lock immediately clicked, and he turned the handle and pushed it inward. “Thank you, Lt. Brigi. See you at dinner.”
“Yes, sir,” she replied and left.
Leek closed the door and was surprised to see an unfamiliar woman holding Tokin.
“Hi, ah . . . who are you?” he asked.
The woman stood up and tried to salute without dropping Tokin. Lucinda rushed in from the bathroom. “Oh hi, love. Meet Corporal Rushe.”
“You don’t need to salute me in my quarters, Corporal. Glad to meet you.”
“Corporal Rushe came by to say hello, and has offered to watch Tokin whenever we want to get out alone,” Lucinda explained.
Leek smiled. “How nice of you.”
“Oh, it would be my pleasure,” Corporal Rushe said. “I love babies and would be honored to keep an eye on yours now and again.”
“Well, we may take you up on your offer. I couldn’t ask our nanny to come on the trip because of the danger involved. I’d be happy to pay you.”
“No, no. I’ll enjoy the time with Tokin. It will make the long trip more bearable.”
“What’s your normal duty?”
“Food preparation, but I work the early shift, breakfast and lunch. I could watch Tokin during dinner so you can sit at the Captain’s table without any distractions.”
Leek looked at Lucinda and raised his eyebrows. She smiled. “That would be wonderful, Corporal,” Leek said. “I’ll get plenty of experience feeding Tokin breakfast and lunch. It would be nice to be able to eat dinner in peace.”
Corporal Rushe nodded and stood up. “Well, I must go.” She handed Tokin to Lucinda. “I know you need to unpack. I’m in Cabin 299 if you need me.”
Lucinda put Tokin against her shoulder and began rocking him. “Thank you, Corporal,” she said.
“You can call me Elann.”
“Okay, Elann.”
“I’ll come back at 2100 so you can go to dinner,” she said and tickled Tokin one last time. “Bye.”
She left and Leek closed the door. “Wow! This is going to be like a vacation. A babysitter. Dinner at the Captain’s table.”
Lucinda smiled. “I know. This is wonderful. I hope we never get to Earth.”
Leek put an arm around Lucinda and pulled her and Tokin close to him. “Don’t worry. We’ll find a way to stop the Fleet. Then we’ll be able to settle down and enjoy a normal life.”
Lucinda sighed but said nothing. She knew the odds of stopping the Fleet were remote at best, but she didn’t want to spoil the moment, now that they were finally all together. 
Leek forced a smile. All was well for now, but he knew when they finally did reach Earth they’d be incredibly outgunned, and the governments of Earth were ill-equipped to defend themselves against an invasion from outer space. He prayed that somehow God would show him the way to save Earth, just as He had guided Leek to victory on Tarizon.

Chapter 5
Sabotage
Captain Shilling had known Rossi Sincini for many cycles. He’d been one of her crew members on her first trip to Earth on ES 26. He was a mechanical engineer by trade, and had worked for cycles for Wiggins Engineering, the manufacturer of the first FTL drive. 
Since FTL drives were still relatively new, Wiggins Engineering had loaned Rossi to Captain Shilling to keep an eye on the FTL drive during its first flight to Earth. Eventually, Wiggins transferred him to Clarion to supervise the work on the FTL drives being installed on the ships of the Intergalactic Fleet.
Captain Shilling’s communiqué sent a shiver down Rossi’s spine.
Admiral Lugart refuses to surrender. Fleet headed for Earth. All workers to be killed. Must sabotage departure, take cover in storage bunkers. We’ll come get you. C. Shilling.
He tore the note into shreds and dumped it in a trash can. His crews had been working double shifts for the past cycle trying to get the Intergalactic Fleet flight ready. His employer had been promised huge bonuses if it met Videl Lai’s deadlines. Those deadlines were fast approaching and the atmosphere on Clarion was hectic. When Videl Lai was killed, Rossi had thought that things would calm down, but the opposite had occurred. Panic had set in.
Rossi was not political. He was a scientist and too busy working to pay any attention to politics. To him, the civil war was an abstraction. It hadn’t made its way to Clarion—at least until now. 
He ran Captain Shilling’s message through his head again. All workers to be killed. That was hard for Rossi to swallow, but he knew Captain Shilling well, and had never known her to be anything but deadly serious. He looked around for someone he could talk to. He saw his friend Paalo and went over to him.
“What’s the word on the Fleet’s departure?” Rossi asked.
“We’re on standby. It could happen any time,” Paalo replied.
“What’re our instructions once they leave?”
“Don’t know yet. All communications with Wiggins terminated when the TGA surrendered.”
“So, who do we work for now?”
“I don’t know. We’ve been assured all contracts would be honored.”
“What does that mean?” Rossi asked. “How will Intergalactic Command honor our contract once they leave? The Loyalists will take over the base as soon as they’re gone, and they’re not going to be happy that we helped the Fleet escape.”
Paalo looked alarmed. “You’re right. What should we do?”
“I’ve just received a communiqué from an old friend, Captain Shilling, the shuttle commander I used to serve under. She wants us to sabotage the Fleet. Try to stop them from leaving. She says Intergalactic Command plans to kill all of us before they leave.”
“What!” Paalo exclaimed. “The skutz are going to kill us after we’ve been working our tails off for them for the last cycle?”
“Shh! Keep your voice down,” Rossi warned.
“Sorry,” Paalo whispered. “It does make sense. They wouldn’t want us providing intelligence to the Loyalists.”
“Right. So, we better get something organized quickly.”
Paalo swallowed hard.“Okay, we should gather a few people from each of the guilds so we’ll have the entire base covered.”
“Good idea. I’ll take the north end, you take the south. We’ll meet behind the machine shop in half a kyloon. It’s noisy there and there isn’t any surveillance.”
Paalo nodded and they split up. Rossi felt sick thinking about Intergalactic Command’s plan to murder everyone. It was hard to believe, but he wasn’t about to take any chances with so many lives at stake. 
It was about time to take sides anyway, he reasoned. He’d never liked the Purists, but he hadn’t been in a position to oppose them. That would have been suicide. He was actually starting to feel good about this turn of events when he saw a couple of TGA soldiers coming at him. His heart skipped a beat as they passed, but they paid him no attention.
Rossi next saw a friend of his from the electronics guild. He grabbed the man’s arm and led him behind a giant wire cable. When he’d explained the situation, the man went off hurriedly in another direction. 
After passing on his message to several more of his friends, Rossi headed for the rendezvous spot. When he got there, only a handful of people had arrived. His spirits fell. He wondered if the TGA had found out about the meeting. Then he looked around and saw others coming, in groups of two and three, until there were so many he feared the gathering would attract unwanted attention. As the others approached, he warned them to stay out of sight of the cameras and to keep their voices down.
“As you know,” Rossi began, “I’ve been contacted by Captain Shilling on behalf of the new Loyalist government. She contacted me because I served on ES 26 for almost three cycles under her command. She’s an honorable woman and I am sure we can trust her. What I learned from her is that, apparently, Intergalactic Command is not going to surrender.”
There were murmurs from the group. “I heard that, too,” Paalo added. “We’ve been given orders to ready the ships for takeoff.”
“Yes,” Rossi agreed, “and Captain Shilling believes Intergalactic Command has ordered that each and every one of us be killed when our work here is finished.”
Several people gasped in shock. Rossi held up his hand and everyone quieted. “I know it sounds outrageous, but I’m afraid it’s true. You all witnessed the atrocities perpetrated by the TGA during the war. You know what they are capable of. They don’t care about us, only about escaping to Earth at all costs. So, we must take action, not only to protect ourselves, but to try to thwart their plans to steal the Intergalactic Fleet.”
Heads nodded in approval and excited conversation broke out. “Quiet,” Rossi warned. “We don’t want to attract attention.”
“So, what should we do?” someone asked.
“It was suggested we could hide in the underground storage bunkers after the Fleet departs. We’d survive there even if they blew up the base after they took off. As to how to sabotage the Fleet, we’re open to suggestions.”
There was a moment of silence, and then a thin, grey-haired man spoke up. 
“I helped program the ships’ computers,” he said. “I could introduce a chaos virus into them that would take kyloons to purge.”
“Excellent. Must you have access to each ship?”
“Yes, but I can introduce the virus one ship at a time and keep them docile initially. Then I can trigger them all remotely later on.”
“Great. Be ready to do that when the time comes.”
Another hand rose. “Each of the ships have fire sensors. If you burn something near them the alarms will sound and all nonessential systems will shut down. That could cause much delay.”
“Okay, anyone who has access to the ships find out where these fire sensors are located and be ready to set them off when I tell you,” Rossi said.
“That will piss them off,” a man in the front row said, shaking his head. “They’ll know it’s sabotage. They might decide to kill us before they leave, rather than attack the base with their ships.”
“Good point,” Rossi said. “We don’t really know how they plan to kill us.”
“We each need to have a weapon with us to defend ourselves,” Paalo said.
“So, how can we get weapons?” Rossi asked the group.
A man raised his hand. “I work in the armory, but it’s nearly impossible to smuggle anything out of there.”
Rossi raised his eyebrows. “What’s your name?”
“Rep Repaldi. You can call me Rep.”
“Okay, Rep. So, if the base were under attack you could let us in and we could just help ourselves.”
“Yes, but there are two guards always on duty.”
“Don’t worry about that. If we can’t lure them out, we’ll just have to kill them.”
“We’re not soldiers,” Paalo pointed out. “How do you know we’ll be able to handle the weapons once we get our hands on them?”
“Fortunately, firing a gun is not that complicated,” Rossi said. “Once you get the weapon loaded all you have to do is release the safety,  point, and pull the trigger. And with smart bullets it doesn’t matter if you’re a good shot or not.”
“It may not be complicated, but when someone is shooting at you is no time to be fumbling with your weapon.”
Rossi shrugged. “Well, I’m not going to force anyone to take a weapon, but if you want one I’ll try to get one for you.”
“So, how will we know when to begin sabotaging the ships?” Paalo asked.
“Whoever gets word the Fleet is about to take off, or that the Loyalists are attacking, should signal the rest of us,” Rossi replied.
“What kind of signal?” someone asked.
“How about the fire sensors?” Rossi replied. “Set one off, and that will be the signal to get ready to sabotage the ships and to attack the armory. And when the alarms go off that will be the signal to trigger the chaos virus. That will cause much confusion and give us time to get to the armory and then down to the bunkers.”
Paalo nodded. “Okay, everybody got that?”
Nobody said anything in response, so Rossi concluded the meeting.
“Don’t leave all at once,” he said. “Two or three at a time. And may God and Sandee be with you.”
When the crowd had left, Rossi and Paalo went to the armory to view the layout, so they could devise a plan of attack. It was located underground on the third level. As far as they could determine, there was just one way in and one way out. It was obvious there would be no escape if something went wrong. Nevertheless, for the next two days they fine-tuned their sabotage plans. Then they watched and listened.
On the morning of the third day, the first alarm went off. When Rossi heard it, he sprinted to his room and retrieved the pistol he’d hidden under his mattress. Then he made his way to the armory, trying not to attract attention. By the time he got there, several fire alarms were sounding, and soldiers and workers were rushing to their posts. He spotted Paalo standing at the entrance to the stairway that led down to the armory.
“Okay, let’s go,” Rossi said, beginning the long descent to the third deck. 
“Right behind you,” Paalo said.
At the bottom, a worker they recognized said, “The guards are still inside.”
“Try the door,” Rossi ordered.
Paalo went over to the door and gave it a push. It swung open. Paalo glanced at Rossi and then pulled a gun from his waistband. They went inside together. 
The room looked deserted. Then Rossi saw one of the guards lying on the ground, apparently unconscious.
“Over here,” a voice Rossi recognized as Rep’s said.
Rossi rushed around the corner in the direction of the voice. The other soldier was tied up, with a gag in his mouth. 
Rep looked scared. “We don’t have much time,” he said. “Let’s get the guns and get out of here.”
“Okay. Nice work, by the way,” Rossi said, pointing down at the captive soldier. “Where are the weapons?”
“In the back room.”
The three men rushed into the back room and started carrying out rifles and pistols as fast as they could. Soon, reinforcements arrived to help pass the weapons around. 
Before they could finish, however, they heard gunfire in the hallway. Paalo rushed to the door, peered outside, and saw two of their men firing on a TGA soldier. One of the men had taken a bullet. Paalo stepped out and joined in the firefight. His third shot hit the soldier, who immediately went down.
“Come on! Let’s get out of here!” Paalo yelled.
The group rushed up the stairs and made their way quickly to the elevators that would take them to the storage bunkers. When they reached the elevators, however, they saw several guards milling around. Suddenly, one of the guards spotted them and began firing. A bullet ricocheted off a pipe next to Paalo, who took cover behind a concrete post. The others turned and began firing at their attackers as they ran down a ramp toward them.
An explosion rocked the building. Debris began falling. Then a second explosion severed a hot-water pipe, and the room began filling up with steam. Bullets flew past them as more and more soldiers responded to the gunfire and opened fire on the workers. 
They’d almost given up hope when the solders themselves were hit by fire from behind them and they slumped to the ground, dead. Several more workers arrived. 
“The Loyalists are attacking the base,” one of them said. “The Fleet may try to leave.”
“We’ve got to get to the bunkers!” Rossi yelled. “There’s no time to lose.”
“We’ll have to storm the elevators,” Rep said. “We don’t have any other choice.”
“Okay, Let’s do it!” Paalo yelled and began running at the soldiers in front of the elevators, his gun blazing.
Two soldiers fell before Paalo took a bullet to his shoulder. Rossi grabbed him and dragged him behind a barrel. The rest of them continued the assault on the elevators until all the soldiers were dead and the elevator had been secured. 
Fortunately the elevator had been designed to move large machinery, so it only took two trips for all the workers to get to the bunkers. That was a good thing, because not long after the hatch was secured, a tremendous explosion rocked the building. But as promised, the bunkers remained intact.
There was another problem, however: Rossi had forgotten that the bunkers didn’t have their own air supply. The only air available was what was in each bunker when they’d closed the doors. It wasn’t long before the group started to feel light-headed.
“We’re running out of air,” Rossi warned them.
“There must be space suits stored down here, and oxygen bottles,” Paalo moaned. One of the other workers had given him first aid and had managed to stop the bleeding, but he was still in a lot of pain.
“Right,” Rep said. “I’ll go look around.”
Several loons later Rep returned with two space suits and a large oxygen bottle.
“Rossi. You and I should take these suits and go see how bad it is topside.”
“Right,” Rossi replied.
He turned to the group. “After we shut the door, open the oxygen valve for thirty tiks, then close it. That should let enough oxygen into the room to keep you all alive. Open the valve whenever the air seems to be getting thin. There are more bottles if we need it, but we shouldn’t waste any oxygen. Only God and Sandee know how long we’ll have to be down here.”
Two kyloons later, Rossi and Rep, protected by their spacesuits, ventured out of the bunker to see what was left of the Clarion base. There were no fires raging now that all the oxygen was gone, but the remnants of one huge fire were still visible. They moved through the rubble to the elevator shaft and peered upward. It looked clear. Rossi slung a coil of rope over his shoulder and began climbing up the shaft. Rep followed. When they got to the ground level, Rossi pushed open the elevator door and climbed out. Rep was right behind him. 
The base was a heap of smoldering debris, and all the tunnels connecting the six hangars had collapsed. Rossi scanned the base. His heart sank.
“Sandee save us. The Fleet’s still here!” he exclaimed.
“Oh, no. They’re going to be coming for us soon,” Rep moaned. “What are we going to do?”
“That’s why we have the guns—to hold them off until we are rescued.”
“As long as the Fleet’s here, I don’t think any rescue party will come,” Rep said, shaking his head.
“Probably not, but it still won’t be easy for the soldiers to find us. Hopefully, we won’t be a high priority. They’ll probably just shoot a few extra missiles our way when they leave to be sure we’re dead.” 
“What do you think they will be doing in the meantime?”
“Right now, they’re probably dealing with the chaos virus and the systems that have shut down. I would imagine they’ll leave just as soon as that’s been accomplished.”
“So, what should we do now?” Rep asked.
“You go back down to the bunker and fill everybody in on the situation up here. I’ll keep my eyes out for TGA soldiers coming our way. If you hear gunfire you’ll know they’re on their way.”
Rep nodded and left. Rossi looked up into the sky at Tarizon. He prayed that a rescue ship would arrive soon. 
He wondered how long their sabotage and the attack on the base would delay the Fleet’s departure. He knew the damage they’d caused so far would be repaired the next day. He didn’t know the extent of the damage from the Loyalist attack, but he couldn’t imagine the Loyalist fighters being much of a match for attack cruisers. He just prayed that he and his fellow workers would survive. But even if they didn’t, maybe their sacrifice would at least have made a difference.

Chapter 6
Surprise Attack
Red was a little apprehensive following the Chancellor’s call. Suddenly, he was expected to organize an attack on the Intergalactic Fleet on Clarion. 
Most of his flying had been done in the skies over Tarizon. He’d only once ventured into outer space, and that was for just a few tiks, to rendezvous with ES 26 and escort it in for a landing. The T-47s that made up the 3rd Army’s 1st Airborne Division were good fighters, but lagged several generations behind the new T-69s designed and built for the Intergalactic Fleet.
If that wasn’t enough to worry about, after they had attacked the Fleet, he and his men had to report to Gallion to be assigned to a pair of Earth shuttles that were being refitted for combat duty. In just two days, they would be leaving for Earth. Red had been told to put in a call to Captain Shilling for more detailed orders.
“Captain Levitur here, calling as ordered.”
“Red. Yes, I was expecting your call,” Captain Shilling said.
“I understand we’re going to Earth,” Red said.
“Yes, how do you feel about that?”
“Ah, I’m fine with it except for the fact I’ve had very little training or experience in space flight.”
“Yes, but the sad fact is that you have more experience than anybody I know. That’s why I picked you.”
“Is that right?”
“Yes, but don’t worry about it. We’ll have a cycle in space before we get to Earth, so you’ll have plenty of time for additional training.”
“Right, but what about the raid on Clarion? We won’t have time to train for that.”
“No, so I’m not expecting any miracles from you and your men in that regard. Just a quick flyover, fire a few missiles, and then straight home. Our objective is simply to delay them, so I don’t want you to engage the T-69s. If you do they’ll slaughter you.”
“But when we attack they’ll come after us,” Red pointed out.
“True, but with the Fleet about to leave Clarion I don’t think they’ll follow you very far. They’ll be on a pretty short leash.”
“I see. That makes me feel better. The only thing I still have a problem with is: How do we get close enough to the base to fire our missiles? Surely they’ll spot us coming and try to intercept us.”
“Yes, normally they would, but their detection system will be down at about the time you arrive.”
“Really? How do you know that?”
“Sabotage. We have friends on Clarion.”
“Oh. Are they reliable?”
“Absolutely. Don’t worry. Your attack will be a complete surprise, and by the time Intergalactic Command figures out what’s happening, you’ll be long gone.”
“Oh. Excellent. Sounds like a good plan, then.”
“I think so, but if you come up with anything better, let me know.”
“I will.”
“Then good luck to you, Captain. See you on Earth in a cycle.”
Red hung up the GC, feeling only slightly better than before he’d made the call. Captain Shilling had more confidence in her plan than he did. He hated to rely on sabotage for his mission to be successful. What if the saboteurs were caught and the detection system was on line when they arrived? If that happened, his raiding party would get slaughtered. 
After considering the problem during the night, the next morning he decided to call his friend, Captain John Sillmar, the commander of the 31st Airborne Division, currently operating out of Shisk. Red explained the situation to him.
“I wouldn’t depend on a saboteur if I were you,” John said. “I’d make sure you weren’t detected even if all systems were still operational.”
“But how could I do that?”
“Come in on the back side of Clarion and travel close to the surface, under their radar. Their detection system will be pointed toward Tarizon, so they’ll never see you coming.”
Red liked that idea. He was glad he’d called his old friend. They’d met right after the ambush of John’s airborne division during the Battle of Rini in Lemaine Shane, on the border of Tributon and Rigomol. He was one of the few pilots who escaped the trap the TGA had set for them. After that Red and John had flown together, attacking and destroying many hovertanks. 
“Okay,” Red said. “Great idea. The next problem is rounding up enough fighters for the two Earth shuttles. Do you know of any T-69s anywhere? I heard some were delivered recently.”
“No, but we’ve got a dozen T-59s in our 3rd Wing.”
“That’s almost as good. How’d they like to go to Earth?”
“Why not? There’s no action around here anymore.”
“All right, then. They’ll need to report to Gallion in two days.”
“Fine. I’ll issue the orders.”
“Great, John. I appreciate your help.”
John was concerned about his friend going to Earth to confront the Intergalactic Fleet. He personally didn’t see how the Fleet could be stopped, and feared Red would be killed in the process of trying. He didn’t want to say anything to Red, but he had an ominous feeling about the mission.
“Is Leek going with you?” John asked.
“Before us, actually, aboard ES 26. They will be leaving very shortly.”
“Do you think we’d be bothering with Earth if Leek weren’t in the picture?” John asked.
“I don’t know. I hadn’t thought about it. Probably not, though.”
“So, have you talked to Leek—tried to dissuade him from taking on the Intergalactic Fleet?”
“No. It wasn’t his doing. The Chancellor ordered the mission and offered Leek command of it. I think she believes Earth is just a staging ground for the Purists, and they’ll eventually return to retake Tarizon. Or destroy it.”
That idea shocked John. He hadn’t thought about the Intergalactic Fleet returning to Tarizon, but it made sense. Evohn Cystrom had promised revenge for his father’s death. Even if it took many cycles, he would return. John thought about volunteering for the mission, too, but couldn’t quite bring himself to do it. I’m not ready to commit suicide just yet.
“Hmm. You might try Queensland,” he suggested. “I think the T-69s you mentioned were shipped there.” 
“Oh. Right. Thanks,” Red said appreciatively. “I’ll call them straightaway.”
“Be careful, my friend. I’ll pray for you.”
“Thanks,” Red replied. “I’ll need it.”
By nightfall, Red had lined up the fighters needed for the final two shuttles. He’d found nineteen brand new T-69s that had been delivered to the 4th Airborne Wing of the 3rd Loyalist Army, now based at Torq Air Station in Queensland. They were immediately ordered to fly to Gallion to be loaded onto the two shuttles. Now all he had left to do was plan his attack on Clarion. 
Red decided not to use the T-69s for the mission, as they were too valuable to risk at this stage of the operation. He opted instead for an attack group of six T-47s and five T-59s. They’d sneak in, cause a little mayhem, and then get back to Gallion so they could be loaded onto the shuttles immediately. There was no time for delay. They had to leave for Earth before the Fleet did. 
That night Captain Shilling called from ES 26.“Before we were out of radio contact, I wanted to see how your plans were coming along,” she said.
“So, you’re already on your way to Earth?” Red asked.
“Yes, Tarizon is almost out of view.”
“Wow! That must be an amazing sight.”
“It is. When will you be attacking the Fleet?”
“In the morning. Everything is set. The rest of the fighters should be loaded aboard the shuttles during the day, and we’ll launch just as soon as we return from Clarion.”
“Excellent. I knew I could count on you, Red.”
“By the way, I managed to get us nineteen T-69s.”
“Where did you find them?”
“Queensland.”
“Hmm. Well, Central Command is working on getting you even more fighters, plus an experimental T-73. It’s equipped with some special weaponry that should prove helpful.”
Red was relieved that he wasn’t the only one working to outfit the two shuttles. He was sure Central Command could do a better job than he. Besides, he’d have his hands full running the mission to Clarion.
“Good,” he said. “So, I can concentrate on the Clarion strike now?”
“Yes, you’ve done all you can logistically. Central Command will take it from here. When you get back from Clarion the shuttles should be ready to go.”
“Excellent. Then I’m going to go round up the pilots for the mission and go over our attack plan with them.”
“All right. Good luck tomorrow, Captain. I’ll talk to you after the mission.”
“Will that be possible?” Red asked.
“Yes, if your shuttle launches tomorrow night we’ll be able to stay in radio contact for the duration of the flight. So, it’s important that there be no delays in your takeoff.”
“I’ll do everything in my power to keep us on schedule. Don’t worry.”
“I know you will. May God and Sandee be with you.”
After he’d hung up the GC, Red yawned. He was exhausted from working virtually nonstop for two days. He needed to get some sleep before the mission in the morning. But first, he called in his wing commander and told him to gather the men for a final briefing. When they’d all arrived, he outlined his attack plan and explained their objectives. Then he went to the barracks and hit the sack. 
At first, Red couldn’t sleep, but when he finally did, he had a nightmare. In the dream, his squadron was coming in over the hills surrounding the Clarion base when they were ambushed. He and all his men wiped out. 
Red woke up with a start when his GC beeped. He fumbled for it and finally got it to his ear.
“It’s time, Captain,” Lt. Terson advised.
Red yawned. “Already?”
“Yes, sir. Just enough time for a shower and some breakfast.”
Red sat up and stretched, shaking off the last effects of the nightmare. “Well, this should be an interesting day, huh?”
“Yes, sir.”
“By this time tomorrow we’ll be on our way to Earth.”
“Yes, sir. I can’t wait.”
“Have you ever been to Earth, Lieutenant?”
“Yes, sir. I’m an Earthchild. Lived there seven cycles. I’m anxious to see it again. It’s such a beautiful place.”
“Well, I hope we can keep it that way.”
“We will, sir. I feel confident our mission will be successful.”
“I wish I had your confidence, but I’m kind of a pessimist, you know.”
“Yes, sir. I know.”
Red laughed. After hanging up the GC, he showered and dressed, ate a quick breakfast, and then met for a final briefing with his pilots before finally heading out to his new T-59. 
At 0600, the eleven fighters took off for Clarion, following a flight plan that would take them to the far side of the moon. When they arrived, they swung in low, skimming above the moon’s desolate surface on a course for the Clarion base. 
Red was glad his autopilot could take him directly to the base. He had never been very good at navigation. In fact, he’d never actually had to take the final exam at flight school on Pogo Island. The Civil War cut his training short, and he had learned what he needed to know by trial and error while flying over the Beet Islands and the Southern Sea. 
A yellow light on his target screen began to pulse, indicating they were closing in on the base. 
“Coming up on target,” Red said. “Break off on my mark.”
“Acknowledged,” Lt. Terson replied.
They were flying just under 200 feet over the rugged Rulage Hills. Midway across the expanse, a valley emerged below them. Red spotted the big hangar and dozens of buildings that marked the base.
“Mark,” Red said, taking manual control of his fighter. He peeled off and descended into the valley, as close to the ground as he dared to fly. The other ten planes took off on as many different trajectories. Then he saw the Fleet—six huge attack cruisers, and dozens of fighters waiting to be loaded aboard. He looked around for fighters on patrol but didn’t see any. Then he saw three of them suddenly light up and roar into action. They’d been detected.
“Okay, I see three skutz coming into the mix,” Red reported.
“Affirmative,” Lt. Terson said as he locked on another fighter that was rolling into one of the cruiser’s cargo bays. The missile hit the fighter and it exploded, engulfing the entire cargo bay in flames. A secondary explosion inside the bay punctuated the attack. 
Terson spotted an ammunition truck ahead and locked onto it. When the missile hit, the ammunition exploded and took out half of a nearby building. Next, he dropped cluster bombs onto one of the big hangars as he flew over it. Once he’d unloaded all his bombs and missiles, Lt. Terson set his course for home at full throttle.
“C2 leaving the party,” he reported.
Red dipped down barely fifty feet off the ground, heading for the second big hangar. One of the TGA fighters came at him and fired a missile, but just as it was about to catch him he swung around behind the hangar. The missile clipped the side of it, exploding on impact.
“Got a lot of heat on my ass,” Red said nervously. “Could use a little help.”
“I’d come,” Terson replied, “but I’ve dumped my load.”
“Don’t worry, I’ve got your back, Captain,” C7 advised.
There was an explosion behind Red. He glanced back and saw his pursuer crashing to the ground in a ball of fire.
“Thank you, C7. Now, everybody say your last goodbyes and let’s get out of here.”
Red dropped his load of cluster bombs on a dozen parked fighters. Then he fired a few missiles at one of the attack cruisers, but its thick lemdinium shell withstood the blast. He held his breath, hoping the big beast wouldn’t shoot back. If it did, he’d be cut in half in a tik by its laser cannon.
“These beasts aren’t so bad when they’re asleep,” Red observed.
“Yeah, but you can bet we won’t catch them napping next time,” C7 replied.
“Okay, mission accomplished. Everybody go home,” Red ordered.
“I’ve still got my cluster bombs,” C4 advised. “I’m going to get that last hangar.”
“Negative, C4, we’ve been here too long.”
But it was too late. C4 was already turning toward the hangar. Red gasped as he saw a gun turret on one of the attack cruisers come to life. There was a flash and C4 was cut in two. The severed halves of the fighter dropped slowly toward the surface in Clarion’s low gravity. 
“No! God! Please, no!” Red exclaimed. 
There was silence as everyone reacted to the shock of C4’s death. A surge of guilt ripped through Red. He’d let one of his men die needlessly. 
“See what happens when you disobey an order?” Red said angrily. “Everyone back to base, now!”
The ten remaining fighters headed at full throttle toward Tarizon. A dozen TGA fighters pursued them for a while but eventually broke off. 
Captain Shilling had been right. The fighters couldn’t afford to stray too far from the Fleet. Red relaxed slightly when the last TGA fighter disappeared off his scope, but he was sick that he’d lost one of his men. What was particularly disturbing was how easily the attack cruiser destroyed the T-47. Had they not taken the Fleet by surprise, they would have been massacred. He shook his head in dismay, wondering how they’d ever be able to destroy the Intergalactic Fleet when they faced it in battle. The task seemed impossible.

Chapter 7
Delay
Vice Admiral Rugge Brunns and Lt. Aerial Muri led a half dozen Purist soldiers toward the second deck disembarkation platform where the two returning L22s were landing. Vice Admiral Brunns was a short grey-haired man with a stern demeanor. He’d been an officer in the TGA for over forty cycles and had been in charge of the Tarizon Repopulation Project for the last ten cycles before the war broke out. He sided with Videl Lai when he made his play for power because he shared Videl Lai’s hatred for nonhuman life-forms. 
During the Nanomite War he’d seen his platoon silently smothered to death while they slept. He himself had been sealed in a crystal tomb and only survived because he was paranoid enough to sleep with a gun at his side at all times. When he awoke, struggling to breathe, he unloaded his gun on one wall, breaking the seal on his transparent tomb. The eight small bullet holes allowed enough air in for him to breathe until a rescue party finally arrived to free him.
During the war, he was assigned to the TGA Naval Air Station at Gallion, and was reprimanded for allowing Leek Lanzia and his 3rd Army to steal over one thousand TGA fighters. His punishment was assignment off-planet to the Intergalactic Fleet on Clarion. At the time, that was the least desirable assignment any officer could be given, but Brunns didn’t mind it because it was similar to the duties he’d had as drector of the Tarizon Repopulation Project. In fact, he excelled at those duties so much that Videl Lai delegated even more power and authority to him so he could accelerate the timetable for completion of the Fleet.
Lt. Aerial Muri, an attractive brunette from Dalo, had been Videl Lai’s girlfriend. She was a pilot by training, but when Videl Lai noticed how attractive she was, he reassigned her as his personal aide. She remained at his side until the siege of Shisk, when he sent her ahead to Clarion to prepare his quarters on one of the attack cruisers.
She’d seemed to worship Videl and told her friends he was following God’s will in leading the Purist movement. Evohn Cystrom was jealous of Lt. Muri’s close relationship with his father, and often questioned the sincerity of her espoused Purist beliefs. Since Videl’s death, she’d been assigned as an aide to Admiral Lugart, and there were rumors that they’d become intimate. 
When the group reached the platform, the first L22 was just landing. When it had been secured, the hatch opened and Captain Cystrom stepped out. He smiled, nodded, and then turned to help out Rupra Bruda, who was walking a little shakily.
“Welcome, my Tahma,” the Vice Admiral bellowed. “We are so pleased to have you on Clarion.”
Bruda nodded appreciatively as he stepped onto the platform. “Thank you for rescuing me,” he said. “I had given up hope of rescue when I heard our great leader had fallen.”
“Well, we don’t forget our heroes. You did a great thing sacrificing your life to assassinate the traitor, Robert Garcia.”
“Yes, and by the grace of God you survived that ordeal unscathed,” Evohn Cystrom added.
“I’m afraid I am no hero,” Bruda said. “In the end Commander General Lanzia broke me and stole my memories.”
“It was not your fault. You were stronger,” the Vice Admiral assured him. “It was only when his cursed rhutz added her telepathic strength that they were able to penetrate your mind’s defenses.” 
“One day we will return and kill Leek Lanzia, the rhutzes Rhin and Riddle, and all their murderous kind who walk on our beloved planet,” Evohn Cystrom promised. 
Rupra Bruda eyed Evohn Cystrom. “I’ll hold you to that promise, Captain.” he said evenly. “Now, tell us what you are planning. You have quite an impressive armada of ships here. I hope you plan to put them to good use.”
The Vice Admiral smiled. “Yes, indeed. Come aboard and we’ll fill you in on our plans, but only after you have settled and dined with us. Lt. Muri will show you to your quarters.”
Rupra Bruda nodded.
“This way, sir,” Lt. Muri said, taking his arm and escorting him up a flight of stairs and then into a corridor that led deep into the interior of the battle cruiser. 
Lt. Muri knew that Rupra Bruda was an ally of her rival, Evohn Cystrom. That’s why she had volunteered to prepare his quarters and make him comfortable. She wanted to get close to him, close enough that she would always know what he was up to. Being close to Videl Lai had been a very revealing experience. She’d watched him claw his way into power, and she knew his adopted son would do the same thing—unless she stopped him.
“So, were you treated badly in prison?” Lt. Muri asked.
“No, they’d gotten everything they needed from me, so they isolated me and left me alone pretty much. They planned a big public trial, and I thank God I was rescued before being subjected to such humiliation.”
“The dirty skutz. They’re a disgrace to the human race.”
“So, Videl’s death must have been horrible for you, my dear,” Bruda said sympathetically.
“Oh, yes. I was devastated. I told him to come with me when I left Shisk. I begged him to come with me.”
“Why did he linger?”
“General Bratfort promised him he’d be able to defend the city, and he would have been able to do so had not so many soldiers defected. How can any army win if a quarter of its soldiers desert on the field of battle?”
“Yes, the Liberation Network was our downfall. Chancellor Boskie did a good job selling Leek Lanzia as the Liberator and convincing the people he was sent by God to lead the rebellion. It was all nonsense, of course, but the average citizen of Tarizon is an idiot.”
Lt. Muri took a right turn at the first large corridor and followed it to a lift. They took the lift and went up three floors to the officers’ deck. When they got to Bruda’s quarters, she directed him to stand directly in front of the door and look into a square eye-level mirror centered on the door.
“Okay, this will just take a few tiks. The security lock is scanning your face, hands, and eyes. Only if all three check out will it open.”
A yellow light at the corner of the mirror came on. Lt. Muri put her hand on Bruda’s shoulder and squeezed it gently. “Okay, step aside and I’ll confirm your identity.” Bruda did as she said and then she stepped in front of the door and looked into the mirror. A few tiks later a green light came on and the lock mechanism disengaged. “All right, you can go in.”
Bruda pushed the door open and stepped inside. It was a spacious room decorated with plush white leather-like furniture, crystal lamps, a VC, and a bar. Bruda looked around and smiled. 
“Very nice. It’s hard to believe I’m on a battle cruiser.”
“Yes, I made them take out all the drab military decor. It was really quite revolting. I thought the father of our party deserved more.”
Bruda raised his eyebrows. “You’ve done well, Lieutenant.”
“Thank you. You have a bedroom, bath, and office as well. If you need anything else, let me know. I’ll leave you alone to relax and freshen up for dinner.”
Bruda smiled and nodded. “Wonderful, you’ve been very kind. I’ll see you at dinner.”
Lt. Muri left and closed the door behind her. Bruda looked around, pleased by his sudden upgrade in accommodations. He took a deep breath and then strolled into the bedroom. He gasped at the size of the bed and the luxurious decor. He wondered if Lt. Muri planned to share it with him. His loins stirred at the thought. He sat on the side of the bed and closed his eyes.
“Evohn, can we converse?” Bruda asked telepathically.
Captain Cystrom was with the Admiral reporting on how the rescue had gone. “Well, if that’s all, Admiral, may I be excused? I have to oversee preparations for departure.”
“Yes,” the Admiral said. “Excellent job, Captain. I’ll see you at dinner.”
“Yes, sir.”
Cystrom saluted, left the Admiral’s quarters and headed for the officers’ lounge. He opened the door and was relieved to see that it was empty. He sat in a relaxation chair. It molded itself around his body and began to vibrate slightly. 
“Yes, Tahma, we can converse,” Evohn thought.
Videl Lai had been close to Bruda, and Evohn had spent a lot of time with him, often calling him Tahma. They were not blood related but had nevertheless developed a strong bond. Whereas Videl Lai did not have much of a telepathic gift, Evohn did, and Bruda had taught him to use that gift.
“You did well today. Thank you for arranging my rescue.”
“I couldn’t leave Tarizon knowing you were alive and in such a desperate circumstance.”
“Your father would be proud of you.”
“Yes, I’m sure he’s with God looking down on us.”
“So, I can see this Lt. Muri is a dangerous woman. I can understand how she beguiled your father.”
“Yes, and now she sleeps with the Admiral. She cares for nothing but power and wealth.”
“That’s all right. She’ll keep the Admiral busy while we steal his fleet.”
“I don’t know. She’s very intelligent and quite devious. She knows of our relationship and will try to subvert it. You must be careful. Don’t trust her for a tik.”
“I can take care of myself. Don’t worry. I’ve met more cunning women.”
“Good. I must go and oversee preparations for departure. We can converse after dinner.”
“Till then.”
Evohn got out of his chair, left the officers’ lounge, and headed for the bridge. When he got there, Lt. Lethrow was barking orders to one of his men.
“How long until we can depart?” Captain Cystrom asked.
“I’m not sure. We have sensor problems. They seem to be going off randomly, without any apparent reason.”
“Can’t you get some technicians up to fix them?”
“Ah . . . well, we can’t seem to locate any of the technicians right now. I’ve sent some of my men to find them.”
Evohn frowned at what he was hearing, anger quickly welling within him. “Did you do implant scans? You should be able to locate them immediately.”
“They’re not showing up on the scanners.”
“That’s impossible!” Evohn said impatiently.
“Not entirely,” Lt. Lethrow replied cautiously. “I’ve seen implant signatures disappear from time to time in certain parts of the base.”
“So, they could be in a structure that is shielding their implant signatures.”
“Or, they could have removed them. That’s not hard to do.”
“But why would they do that? Did they somehow find out what we had planned for them when we left?”
“That’s possible, or they just figured it out. They are all brilliant scientists and engineers. They know we can’t afford to leave our base intact when we leave. I’m sure they realized we’d destroy it when we took off.”
“Hmm,” Evohn said, thinking. “So, they are seeking shelter from our missiles. We should have anticipated this!”
“Yes, sir. But our soldiers will find them. They are sweeping the entire area. It shouldn’t be long.”
“I don’t know—”
There was a loud explosion and the attack cruiser shook violently. Lt. Lethrow flipped a switch on his console and an image of the base came up. Fire and smoke were billowing out of one of the cargo holds of their battle cruiser.
“What the—”
“We’re under attack!” Evohn screamed.
Lt. Lethrow pushed a few buttons and a siren began wailing throughout the ship. Evohn watched a T-59 fighter fly over a hangar and drop a cluster bomb. The hangar burst into a colossal mass of fire.
“How did they get past our sensors?” Evohn screamed. “Where are our fighters? Get them out there!”
The big attack cruiser started to come to life as men showed up for duty and took their stations. A gun turret sprang into action.
“They’re leaving,” the turret squad leader reported. “They’re out of range.”
“Wait,” the gunner beside him said. “There’s one circling back. One more tik and I’ll get a lock on him. . . . Got it.”
“Fire!” the squad leader screamed.
There was a rumble and then a flash of light. A beam shot straight at the fighter and cut it down the middle.
“Target destroyed.”
“Okay, where are the rest of you?” the squad leader asked impatiently, glaring down at his sensor screen. “Come on, you mutant scrum, show yourselves.”
“They’re gone, sir. Sorry.” 
“Afraid to stick around and fight, huh?” the squad leader mumbled.
Evohn was immediately summoned to the Admiral’s quarters for a briefing. He was angry at the summons as he hadn’t had time to find out what had happened or what the extent of the damage was. He stood in front of the door and it opened immediately.
“Captain. What just happened?”
“We were attacked by eleven fighters, sir. It was a ‘dump and run.’ They came in low below our sensors. By the time we discovered them it was too late to do anything. We did manage to down one of them, though.”
The Admiral shook his head angrily. “This is unacceptable! Nobody should be able to take us by surprise. How did this happen?”
“It couldn’t happen out in space. Only here on Clarion. Because of the mountains our scanners have limited range close to the ground. When the fighters dropped into the valley we had only a few tiks to discover them. The alarms went off just before the attack, which distracted us at a critical moment.”
“What caused them to go off?”
“I suspect sabotage, sir,” Cystrom replied.
“What! Sabotage? You’ve got to be kidding.”
“No, sir. Many of the scientists and technicians have disappeared. It appears they may have realized we were going to kill them after we took off. It’s possible they sabotaged our sensors and dumped a virus into our computers to keep us occupied while they slipped away.”
“That’s outrageous! We can’t let them get away with that. Find them and kill them all. We cannot tolerate treason!”
“Yes, sir. We’re doing sweeps right now to find them.”
“How much time has this cost us? We’ve got to leave Clarion immediately. There is no telling what else Central Command is planning.”
“They won’t be able to get near us now, sir. I believe it was a onetime strike. They caught us off guard, but that won’t happen again. If they come at us now they’ll be slaughtered.”
“I don’t know. We’ve underestimated Lorin Boskie before. She’s got something up her sleeve. I can feel it in my bones.”
Evohn shrugged. “May I be excused, sir? I’ve got to clean up the mess and assess the damage.”
“Yes, but keep me posted.”
“Yes, sir.”
Evohn left the Admiral’s quarters, wondering if the Admiral was right. Did Lorin Boskie have something else up her sleeve? He had a healthy respect for her, but couldn’t think of any way she could stop them from leaving Clarion. But the Admiral’s warning was still bothering him as he set about to get the Intergalactic Fleet ready for its delayed departure.

Chapter 8
Special Session
Lorin sat at her desk, worrying about Red and the other pilots on the mission to attack the spaceport on Clarion. She knew it was a very risky raid and, if they were detected before they reached the base, they’d likely all be killed. She wondered if she’d been hasty in making the decision to attack the base. There hadn’t been time to consult with Central Command. She’d sidestepped them by going directly through General Zitor and Captain Levitur. If the raid were unsuccessful, she’d take a lot of heat for breaking protocol. 
Her GC beeped. She picked it up quickly. “Yes.”
“Chancellor, this is General Zitor.”
“I hope you have good news!”
“Yes. Red and his men just landed. They inflicted moderate damage to the base. Just one casualty.”
Lorin breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank God and Sandee. I feared it would be much worse.”
“Yes. I’d like to be a tug bug on Admiral Vin Lugart’s wall right now,” General Zitor laughed. “He must be furious.”
“Yes, I’d hate to be one of his staff members,” she chuckled. “So, are the shuttles ready to go?”
“Just about. They’re loading the last few fighters aboard as we speak.”
“Excellent, General. I want to thank you for your quick response to this crisis. Tell Red I’ll be forever in his debt.”
“I will, but I think he was thrilled with the assignment. He’s been a little bored since the war ended.”
“Yeah, well, wait until he’s six months into a trip to Earth. Talk about boredom.”
“True, but the anticipation of battle will get him through it. Anyway, he’ll need all the time he can get to prepare for the next battle with the Fleet.”
“Yes, that reminds me. When the rescue ship returns from Clarion there will be a man on it, Rossi Sincini. He served on an Earth shuttle several cycles back. He’s an engineer who works for the manufacturer of the FTL drives, and he’s been supervising the building of the drives for the Intergalactic Fleet. We must have him on one of the shuttles. He’ll know if there are any vulnerabilities in the Fleet that we can exploit. Also, he can make sure we get to Earth as fast as possible. Rossi’s expertise could be the difference between success and failure of the mission.”
“Then I’ll make sure he’s on board before the last shuttle leaves.”
“Will the shuttles be able to communicate in flight?”
“Yes, if they don’t get too far apart. ES 26 may be on its own since it’s already left, though. We won’t know until we get out in space.”
“I hope they can communicate with it,” Lorin said worriedly. “They need to be able to coordinate their planning.”
“I hope so, too. Unfortunately, once they leave it will be out of our hands. We’ll lose communications within fifteen to twenty days.”
“Really? I wish there was a way to stay in contact. It’s going to be so difficult not knowing what’s happening.”
“Indeed.”
“I’ll let you go, General. I know you’ve got much to do. Let me know when the shuttles are ready to leave.”
“Yes, Madam Chancellor. I’ll do that.”
Lorin’s stomach turned as she flipped off the GC. She hated being in the dark, particularly about something so important. As she was lamenting the situation, Cora stepped in and advised her that Councilor Shilline had arrived for their meeting. She grimaced, knowing he’d have more bad news. She thought of her father and realized she’d never fully appreciated what he went through each day. It was one thing being an advisor and something quite different to be the one who had to make the ultimate decisions. She smiled as her father’s old friend stepped into her office. They embraced.
“So, how much trouble am I in?” Lorin asked.
Councilor Shilline swallowed hard. “Well, the Executive Committee was glad you informed them of the current crisis; however, they would have preferred a more active role in the decision making.”
Lorin nodded. “Well, that would have taken time. Precious time we didn’t have.”
“Yes, I explained that to them, but many of the members were upset to learn Commander Lanzia was on his way to Earth—particularly those in the old Mammett coalition. They might even seize the opportunity to try to regain control over the General Assembly.”
Lorin thought back to her election loss to then-Senator Mammett after her father had been assassinated. Mammett supporters controlled the General Assembly up until Mammett’s death during the TGA attack on Shini. But the coalition fell apart quickly in the panic following that devastating attack, and the General Assembly turned to her to take over as head of state. Needless to say, there was much residual bitterness among the Mammett supporters. 
Lorin smiled. “I can imagine. . . . So, what are they going to do?”
“They are calling a special session of the General Assembly beginning tomorrow to consider these new developments and to determine a proper course of action,” Councilor Shilline replied.
“But that’s not necessary. The regular session isn’t that far away. Nothing is going to happen before then. A special session is a waste of time.”
“Well, the special session is to consider the propriety of your actions, not ordinary business. They want to force you to come to them and explain yourself.”
“Such childishness. I sent you to them to explain everything. I can’t believe this. I don’t have time for a major distraction like this.”
“I know, but you’ll have to indulge them,” Shilline warned. “The Supreme Mandate requires you to confer with them, if requested.”
Lorin sighed thoughtfully, then smiled wryly. “Okay, fine. I’m glad they called a special session, actually. Tell them I’m anxious to meet with them. In fact, tell them I’d like to address the full assembly to kick off the session. I have that right under the rules, don’t I?”
Councilor Shilline narrowed his eyes. “Yes, you have that right as chancellor under the rules.”
“Good.”
“So, what will you to say to them?”
“I don’t have it all worked out yet, but I intend to hijack their special session.”
Shilline laughed. “I can’t wait to see this.”
After Councilor Shilline left, Lorin told Cora to try to contact Commander General Lanzia. Then she set up a teleconference with Admiral Bovin, Ruffe Marcuzzi, and Threebeard. 
They worked through the night to prepare Lorin for the next morning’s special session. While they were working Cora advised her that she’d made contact with Commander General Lanzia and he was waiting to talk to her.  She got up and went to the conference room where she saw Leek’s image on the big screen.
“Commander. How are you?”
“Fine, Chancellor. I can’t believe we can talk like this so far out in space.”
“Well, we’ll be able to for ten to fifteen days, and then we’ll lose you,” she explained.
“Right. What’s up?”
“I’m taking a lot of heat from the Executive Committee of the General Assembly for authorizing this mission and letting you lead it. Everyone is afraid we can’t manage without the Liberator.”
“That’s silly. I’m just one man. You’ve done far more than I have to bring about this victory.”
“That’s not how many see it, I’m afraid.”
“Well, what can I do?”
“I’ve got an idea. They’ve called a special session of the General Assembly to discuss the Intergalactic Fleet’s violation of the peace treaty and our mission to warn Earth of the Fleet’s intentions. My advisors tell me the old Mammett faction is behind it, and what they really want to do is weaken my position and maybe force a no-confidence vote.”
“I see.”
“So, if you could say a few words on my behalf and explain how important it is to stop the Fleet, I could play that to them during my address to the General Assembly.”
“You’re going to address the General Assembly when they’re plotting against you?”
“Yes, I’m not afraid of them. I’m going to try to shove their little special session down their throats.”
“Good for you. When do you need it?”
“Right away, I’m afraid. There’s only a few hours before the session begins.”
“ Give me ten loons and I’ll have something to broadcast.”
“That would be wonderful. Thank you.”	
Lorin went back to the conference room feeling much relieved that she’d been able to contact Leek and get his help. She continued to work on her speech until she finally felt confident enough to go to bed. To be sure she was alert during the session, just before dawn, Lorin had her doctor put her into deep slumber for a kyloon, which was the equivalent of getting five kyloons of ordinary sleep. She didn’t do this often as the drugs involved were highly addictive, but occasionally she felt it necessary. As intended, she awoke feeling energetic and alert. 
On the way to the assembly hall she went over her speech with Marcuzzi and discussed strategy. Threebeard and Admiral Bovin met her motorcade outside the assembly hall and escorted her inside where Senator Meln Drul, Chairman of the Executive Committee, met her and invited her to join him in the executive lounge for sankee. 
“Thank you for your cooperation regarding this special session. I know it was on short notice,” Drul said.
“No. Thank you for giving me this opportunity to address the General Assembly,” Lorin replied.
“Yes, well there’s really no need for that. I know you’re quite busy. We just wanted you to meet with the Executive Committee to discuss recent events. We’ll have you out of here in no time.”
“Well, I’ll be happy to do that once I’ve completed my address. Whatever it is you wanted to discuss with me must be very important to call a special session. So, I’m at your disposal. I’ll stay as long as you need me.”
Drul shifted uncomfortably in his chair. “Well, that’s very kind of you.”
An aide walked over and whispered something in Senator Drul’s ear. He nodded and stood up. “It seems the General Assembly is ready for you, Madam Chancellor.”
Lorin followed the aide to the entrance to the assembly hall’s stage. The Chairman was standing at the podium speaking to the crowd. When he saw Lorin, he concluded his remarks and said, “And now I would like to present the Chancellor.”
Lorin walked to the podium and looked over the crowd. Every seat was taken, and people were standing along the side and rear walls. The balcony was packed with visitors and the press.
“Senators, ladies and gentlemen,” Lorin began. “The calling of this special session of the General Assembly is a very fortuitous event, for there is a new threat to Tarizon that must be addressed immediately.
“As you know, the officers in control of the Intergalactic Fleet have refused to surrender the Fleet to us, as they are obligated to do under the Treaty of Shisk. In fact, just prior to breaking off negotiations a few days ago, they warned that one day they would return to Tarizon with a force strong enough to retake control of the government.”
The crowd broke out in excited conversation. Lorin paused a moment. When she continued, the auditorium fell silent.
“They also warned that if they couldn’t take Tarizon by force they’d destroy the planet with a bomb!”
Screams of anguish came bellowing from the crowd. Senator Drul looked stunned. Lorin paused again until the noise abated.
“Now I don’t know if this was idle talk or a real threat. But I do know Evohn Cystrom will want revenge for his father’s death. So, if he has any influence over his fellow officers, then we can expect to see the Intergalactic Fleet again.
“In fact, it is reported that Evohn Cystrom led the mission that resulted in the extraction of Chancellor Garcia’s assassin, Rupra Bruda, from our very grasp.”
The crowd murmured.
“We all know that Rupra Bruda and Videl Lai were like brothers, and you can bet he’d like nothing better than to get revenge for Videl’s death. So, if Rupra Bruda, the Tahma of the Purist movement, has sufficient influence over the officers of the Intergalactic Fleet, they will return to Tarizon, and they will exact revenge. 
“Some will argue that the Fleet is not a danger to Tarizon, and I sincerely hope that is true. But can we afford to ignore a threat of this magnitude? What will the consequences be if we are wrong?
“Because I am not a prophet or soothsayer, I have conferred with Defense Minister Threebeard, Admiral Bovin, and Commander General Leek Lanzia on this matter. They advised me that the Fleet’s likely destination is Earth and that their intentions there will be hostile.”
The crowd stirred once more but quieted as Lorin continued.
“If the Purists are successful on Earth you can bet they will be building a bigger and stronger fleet for a return visit to Tarizon. In light of that likelihood I am sending three Earth shuttles to Earth to warn the governments there and to assist them in defending their planet. Commander Leek Lanzia volunteered to lead this mission and he is aboard ES 26 as we speak.”
A murmur came from the crowd but Lorin didn’t let it stop her. “I know it is unsettling to think that our beloved Liberator is gone, but he felt he must do what he could to thwart the attack on his beloved home planet, Earth. Last night, however, he taped this message for all of you. Please watch the central monitor.”
Leek’s image flashed up on the screen. He immediately began speaking. “Senators and citizens of Tarizon. I greet you from deep space. I know it may be a shock to you to find out that I have left Tarizon. It is a shock to me as well, but circumstances left me no choice but to return to Earth to help my people defend themselves from the evil Purists who have escaped with the Intergalactic Fleet.
“Even with the threat to Earth, I wouldn’t have left Tarizon had I not had complete faith and trust in your Chancellor, Lorin Boskie. She deserves much more of the credit for the restoration of law, civil rights, and justice on Tarizon than I do. Don’t ever forget that.
“The mission upon which we have embarked is not just about Earth, but also about Tarizon’s best interest. To serve that interest, we must destroy all those who would spread slavery, tyranny, and genocide throughout the universe. If we are successful, neither Tarizon nor any other world will ever have to defend itself again from the Purist cancer.
“To be realistic, though, our chances of stopping the Fleet are slim. The Intergalactic Fleet is far superior to our ragtag armada. Only by the grace of God and Sandee will we be able to succeed. So, please pray for us, for if we fail, the Fleet could very easily be back on your doorstep. When? I don’t know, but I’d expect it to happen within five to seven cycles.
“I don’t know if I’ll be coming back to Tarizon, but if I don’t, I just wanted to say that I’ve enjoyed my time here immeasurably and I am glad that I was able to help the people of Tarizon restore freedom and justice under the Supreme Mandate.
“May God and Sandee be with you!”
The screen went blank and delegates began to clap. Some yelled, “God bless the Liberator!” The applause got louder and turned into a standing ovation. Lorin joined in the applause and smiled at the crowd of delegates. Eventually she raised her hands and quieted the crowd.
“It is my deepest hope that someday we will see Leek Lanzia back on Tarizon,” she said, “but whether we do or not, we owe it to him and to ourselves to protect the freedom, civil rights, and justice guaranteed under the Supreme Mandate. Millions of men and women have died to defeat the Purists. We must be sure they never rule Tarizon again, and we must do whatever it takes to prevent them from destroying our beloved planet.
“So, what I would propose you do at this special session is authorize the immediate reconstruction of the spaceport and manufacturing facilities on Clarion, so that a new, superior fleet of attack cruisers can be built to defend our planet from the Purists should they ever return.”
The crowd stirred. Conversations broke out between individual senators. Then someone started clapping. Soon Lorin was receiving a strong round of applause. She continued. “I know this will be expensive, and our resources are already stretched thin due to the war, but it’s imperative that we not leave ourselves vulnerable to an attack from space.
“Defense Minister Threebeard and Admiral Bovin will be available during the special session to present our plans in more detail and answer your questions. In the meantime, I will leave you to your business and, of course, I will also be available to the Executive Committee to answer any questions they may have. May God and Sandee be with you!”
The crowd gave Lorin a standing ovation as she left the podium. Councilor Shilline winked at her as she walked by. When Lorin met Senator Drul back stage he was in a somber mood. Later, when she met with the Executive Committee, there were no complaints or criticism, only questions about the new fleet of fighters and attack cruisers and the daunting task of reconstruction. 
Two days later General Zitor called and advised Lorin that the Intergalactic Fleet had left Clarion and that one of the shuttles had taken off about the same time. He told her the other shuttle would be ready in a day or two.
“Have they rescued Rossi Sincini yet?” she asked.
“No. Red and Tam are leading a rescue party as we speak.”
“Good. They’ve got to find him.”
“I’m sure they will.”
“Do you think the shuttles have everything they’re going to need?” she asked worriedly. “We’ve had so little time to get them stocked. If we’ve forgotten anything, I’ll die.”
“Don’t worry. The shuttle commanders have long checklists and procedures to avoid any problems like that. We’ve packed them to the hilt with equipment and supplies. In fact, if you thought of something else to send with them, I doubt we could fit it in the cargo holds.”
“Well then, we’ll just have to pray for them.”
“Yes, Madam Chancellor.”
Lorin set the GC down, put her face in her hands and breathed deeply. Her muscles were tight. Pain jetted out from her neck to her shoulders, and her heart fluttered erratically. She wondered if she was going to have a heart attack. Finally, she began to relax. She thought of Peter Turner when he first arrived onto Tarizon, confused and disoriented from his abduction. She had treated him very badly, but he’d never shown any anger or resentment against her. They’d grown close during the war and had almost become lovers when they both believed their mates had died. 
She sat up and wiped a tear from her eye, recalling again the deaths of both her father and mate. And now, with Leek’s departure for Earth, the only three men she’d ever loved were gone.
She wondered if she’d done the right thing in sending the shuttles to Earth and frightening the General Assembly into funding expensive new attack cruisers. Was she just being paranoid and jeopardizing Tarizon’s reconstruction because of her exaggerated fears? Not for the first time, she wished her father were here to give her guidance. She missed his wisdom and strength.

Chapter 9
Peter’s Return
March 1993
Stan Turner sat at his desk in his ninth floor office and gazed out over the north Dallas landscape, just turning green after a short Texas winter. Ever since his son Peter had been exiled to the planet Tarizon, he’d spent a lot of time looking out the window, wondering if he’d ever see his son again. Once a workaholic who spent eighty hours a week in the office, he now came to work at nine and was gone at five. 
Perspectives change when you lose a loved one, he thought. Fortunately, his partner, Paula Waters, and the firm’s new associate, Jodie Marshall, understood the tragedy in his life and had taken up the slack. 
The telephone rang. Stan picked it up.
“Stan, Mo’s on the phone,” his secretary Maria advised.
Stan backed away from the telephone as if it were a Komodo dragon. He hadn’t heard from Mo in over a year, and it had been his ardent hope that he’d never speak to the CIA operative ever again. He would have let the call go to voice mail, but there was a slim chance Mo might have new information on Peter. He had to take the call. Cautiously, he picked up the telephone.
“Hello.”
“Stan. Thanks for taking my call. I know I’m the last person you wanted to talk to today.”
“Yeah. Well, I am a little surprised to hear from you. Why did you call? Do you have news about Peter?”
“Not specifically. But that is one reason I called. I wondered if you’d heard from him.”
“No. I haven’t. Is he on his way back to Earth?”
“I don’t know. There’s just some strange stuff going on with the Tarizonians. I don’t know what to make of it.” 
“Like what?”
“I can’t talk about it over the telephone. Your telephones are probably bugged. Can we meet?”
Stan held the phone out and looked at it warily, wondering if his calls were in fact being monitored, then returned it to his ear. “Sure. Where?”
“You know that diner where I told you about Peter’s exile?”
Stan thought back to that horrible day when he drove out to where the police had found Peter’s abandoned station wagon. Stan feared then that he’d been taken by the Tarizonians, but wasn’t sure until Mo confirmed it when they’d met at the diner.
“Uh-huh.”
“Meet me there tomorrow at 8:00 a.m. I’ll buy you breakfast. Be sure you’re not followed.”
“What? Someone’s watching me, too?”
“I’m afraid so. See you tomorrow.”
Stan hung up the telephone in shock. He couldn’t imagine why anyone would be bugging his phones and watching him. He’d assumed most of the Tarizonians had left Earth to fight in the civil war back on Tarizon. Even if there were a few still hanging around, why would they care about him? He’d stayed clear of the former Tarizonian project leader, Kulchz, and his kind since the Repopulation Project ended. 
A sick feeling came over him. He couldn’t imagine what Mo had to tell him. When he got home that night he told his wife Rebekah about the telephone call.
“Why would he ask if we’d heard from Peter?” Rebekah asked. “How could we have possibly heard from him unless Mo knows he’s on his way home? That must be it.”
“I don’t think you should get your hopes up, honey. Mo specifically said he didn’t know if Peter was coming home.”
“Oh, I wish he’d have met with you tonight. Now I’m a nervous wreck. I won’t be able to sleep. I’m coming with you tomorrow.”
“No. He didn’t invite you.”
“I don’t care. I’m coming. I’ll wait in the car while you two meet.”
Stan sighed. “Okay. I guess that won’t hurt. Just don’t let Mo see you. I don’t know how he’ll react if he sees you in the car.”
“Well, you can park the car down the street. Then he won’t be able to see me when he goes into the diner.”
Stan nodded and smiled. “This is crazy.”
“But what if Peter is coming home?” Rebekah said excitedly. “Oh, I can’t wait until tomorrow!”
After a restless night, Stan and Rebekah left early the next morning to make sure they weren’t late for Stan’s meeting with Mo. Stan parked in an adjacent parking lot, out of view of the diner. He kissed Rebekah and then walked next door to the diner and entered. Mo was already at a table, drinking a cup of coffee. He motioned to Stan when he saw him. Stan went over and sat down.
“Hi. Am I late?” Stan asked.
Mo looked at his watch. “No, right on time. I left early. You never know about traffic and I didn’t want you to have to wait around for me.”
The waitress came over with a cup of coffee for Stan and took their orders. 
Stan took a sip of his coffee. “Well, I’m here. What’s going on?”
“I guess, for starters, I should fill you in on what’s been happening since we last talked.”
“Is that absolutely necessary? I really don’t want to get involved with the CIA or your alien friends.”
“Yeah. Well, I’m afraid you are involved whether you like it or not.”
Stan sighed. “Why is that?”
“Since your son became a general in the Loyalist army.”
“A general? Peter?”
“Yes. An Earth shuttle recently landed and the Air Force has been tracking it.  The last transmission we intercepted said he was commanding the 3rd Loyalist Army from some mountain headquarters.”
Stan just stared at Mo incredulously. 
“Give me a break—he’s just a kid,” Stan finally said.
“Quite an extraordinary kid, apparently. The Tarizonians are watching you in case Peter shows up for a visit.”
“So, I take it the Tarizonians here on Earth aren’t on Peter’s side.”
“Correct. You remember Kulchz?”
“How could I forget him?”
“Well, he was an old friend of Videl Lai, the new Chancellor on Tarizon. Peter is leading the revolt against Videl Lai.”
Stan swallowed hard. “So, if Peter shows up to visit they’ll try to kill him.”
Mo nodded. “So that’s why we needed to talk.”
Stan shook his head. “Oh, my God! I can’t believe this.”
“I know. I’m sorry.”
“So, what do you want me to do?”
“Just listen for now. You need to know what we’re up against.”
“Okay, I’m listening.”
“Since we last talked, the Agency has discovered that the Tarizon Repopulation Project was a fraud.”
“A fraud. What do you mean?”
“Well, our government and Tarizon’s Central Authority considered it to be a legitimate project, designed to maintain the population level on Tarizon, but Videl Lai and the others running the project had other objectives.”
“Like what?”
“Well, they apparently were of the opinion that Tarizon was a lost cause, and some of us at the Agency believe that during the time they were here breeding children, pursuant to their rights under the treaty, they were also surreptitiously infiltrating the government and our military.”
“Are you serious? How do you know that?”
“We’ve been watching Kulchz and others and listening to their conversations,” Mo replied. “We know they’re planning something.”
“Such as?”
“Since the shuttle’s arrival there has been talk of a fleet of some sort coming to Earth. We are concerned that this fleet, if it shows up, might have hostile intentions.”
“Oh, my God! What are you going to do?”
“We don’t know yet, but if you hear from Peter, it’s imperative we be informed immediately.”
“Okay. I’ll do that, but what are you going to do to stop Kulchz’ men from killing Peter?”
“We’ll be watching your home and your office, but I doubt Peter would come knocking on your door. He’s too smart for that.”
Stan raised his eyebrows. “I always knew he was a smart kid, but this is off the charts. I wonder if I’ll even recognize him.”
“I’m sure you will. He’s still your son.”
“I don’t know,” Stan said thoughtfully. “You know. If Kulchz and his friends do intend to kill Peter and attack our country, I want to do more than just keep my eyes and ears open. What else can I do to help?”
Mo smiled. “I knew you’d say that, but I don’t know what else you could do right now. We just don’t have enough information yet.”
“You said they were infiltrating the government and our military. How extensive is the infiltration and what’s their ultimate objective?”
“We are tracking some 400 or so operatives, including  congressmen, senators, a governor, several corporate CEOs, a good number of low-level officers in all branches of our military, a chief of police, a sheriff—”
“Oh, my God!”
“As far as their ultimate objective, we’re not sure.”
“This is horrible. Why don’t you just arrest them?”
Mo shrugged. “Well, if we did, it would expose the Tarizon Repopulation Project. The current administration, even though it inherited the project and wasn’t responsible for it, would probably be criticized for not stopping it sooner.”
“Yes, but by letting aliens infiltrate the government the President is putting the nation at risk.”
“I agree, but I don’t make policy. I just follow orders. The President wants us just to monitor them for now and try to ascertain their intentions.”
“Are you sure you’ve identified all the aliens still on Earth?”
“No. We know there are others.”
Stan shook his head. “This is a reckless and dangerous policy. Don’t you think it would be better to hunt them all down and arrest them and come clean with the American people?”
“I agree wholeheartedly, but I’m not the president.”
Stan shook his head. “Okay. I’ll keep my eyes and ears open and my mouth shut. Is that what you want?”
“Exactly. Thanks, Stan. I knew we could count on you.”
Mo took one more sip of his coffee, paid the bill, and left. Stan sat there for a moment, dazed. Finally he got up and left to rejoin Rebekah in the car. She had a worried look on her face when he sat down in the driver’s seat.
“So, is Peter coming home?” she asked.
“He might be. Nobody really knows for sure, but we’ve got a serious problem.”
Stan relayed to Rebekah what Mo had told him. She sighed and said, “Well, there are people watching you.”
“Really? How do you know?”
“I saw a man across the street sitting in a car. He followed Mo when he left just now.”
“Hmm. They’re watching the CIA, too. This isn’t good.”
“And they’re still watching us, by the way,” Rebekah said softly.
Stan looked around. “Where are they?”
“Look to your right. There’s a man standing by the newspaper rack, pretending to read his paper.”
Stan saw the man then looked away. “That’s the problem with these Tarizonians,” he said. “They always know where you are. I don’t know if the CIA is any match for them. I wish I could do something.”
“What could you possibly do?”
“I don’t know. But I hate just siting around when I know our country—our world—is in dire jeopardy!”


Chapter 10
Communications Link
Corporal Rushe showed up as promised to babysit Tokin, so Leek and Lucinda left to go to the officers’ dining room. A sentry stood at the door and saluted as they approached. Leek returned the salute, and the sentry opened the door. They stepped into a large compartment filled with officers drinking and talking casually to each other. Leek got them drinks and then they joined Lt. Lakee and a female officer.
“Commander, Mrs. Lanzia,” Lt. Lakee said. “So, did you get unpacked?”
Lucinda shook her head. “No. Not entirely.”
Lt. Lakee smiled. “Oh, let me introduce Lt. Lei. She’s our chief medical officer.”
“Oh, it’s a pleasure,” Leek said.
Lucinda bowed slightly. “I’m so glad to meet you. With a baby I’m sure we’ll get to know each other quite well.”
They all laughed.
“And that’s fine with me,” Lt. Lei replied. “It will be a nice change of pace from treating brutes like Lt. Lakee.” 
Lt. Lakee, a seafolken, was a foot taller than Lt. Lei and very muscular in contrast to the petite medical officer.
“I’m sorry for being a brute,” Lt. Lakee said teasingly.
“So, Lieutenant,” Leek said. “What kind of medical problems do you usually encounter on a trip to Earth?”
“Boredom, mostly,” Lt. Lakee replied before Lt. Lei could answer.
Leek smiled and looked at Lt. Lakee. “Well then, you’ll be happy to learn that I intend to propose a rigorous training regimen for everyone on the ship. I promise you won’t be bored.”
“Really,” Lt. Lei said. “What sort of training regimen?”
“Well, since this is a desperate mission at best, we must be sure we are ready when we get to Earth. There will be no second chance at stopping the Fleet.”
“Right,” Lt. Lei agreed.
“So, first there will have to be physical training, of course, so we are all in top physical condition when we get to Earth. Secondly, we’ll need extensive training with our equipment and weaponry, including our new fighters. Thirdly, we’ll need to do a considerable amount of strategic analysis to determine how best to confront the enemy and assist the governments of Earth in meeting this threat.”
As they were talking, Lt. Lakee received a communication from the bridge.
“Excuse me,” he said. “The Captain is ready to come down for dinner. I’ll see all of you in a few tiks.”
Lt. Lakee left, and a couple of loons later Captain Shilling arrived and was escorted to her place at the head of the table. The room quieted, everyone else found their assigned seats, and the dining staff began serving drinks and appetizers. Commander General Lanzia was seated between Captain Shilling and Lt. Lei. 
“Well, Captain. Any word on the Fleet?” Leek asked.
“Nothing new,” Captain Shilling said. “It’s still on Clarion, fortunately. Our saboteurs apparently did a good job.”
“Any casualties?” Leek asked.
“Only one fighter didn’t make it back.”
“It wasn’t Red, was it?” Leek asked, holding his breath.
“No.”
Leek breathed a sigh of relief, although he didn’t say anything, out of respect for the pilot who’d been lost. “It’s quite remarkable that they were able to catch the Fleet by surprise.”
“Yes,” Captain Shilling agreed. “They came in low, under the base radar.”
“It’s too bad we can’t find a way to do that in deep space.”
Captain Shilling nodded. “Yes, but then, of course, we’d be vulnerable as well.”
As they were talking, Commander General Lanzia’s communicator beeped. He frowned and clicked it on. “Yes.”
“This is the bridge, Commander. The Chancellor is calling you. She’d like you to come up here at once.”
“Yes, of course,” Leek said and gave the Captain an apologetic look.
“Would you excuse me, Captain? The Chancellor needs to talk to me.”
The Captain rose. “Yes, of course. I’ll have them put your food in the warmer while you’re gone. Don’t keep her waiting.”
Lorin’s image was on the big screen when Leek walked in. He smiled up at her.
“How did your address go, Madam Chancellor?”
“Very well. It couldn’t have gone better. Your remarks were perfect. By the time my address was over we’d knocked the wind out of them and they were helpless.”
“Fantastic. I knew you’d come out on top.”
“Well, thanks to you. I don’t know what I’m going to do without you these next few years.”
Leek blushed a little and replied, “I know. I wish there was a way we could talk like the old days. Our nightly chats got me through a lot of long nights.”
“You know. I’ve been thinking about that. And it reminded me of something else. We used to be able to communicate directly with Earth during the Tarizon Repopulation Project. I asked our scientists how it was done and they said that because we had so many shuttles going back and forth, a communications link could be kept open, which allowed rapid communication.”
“Really? Too bad we don’t have more ships.”
“Oh, we have more ships,” Lorin replied. “Dozens of them. The problem is most of them were in dry storage during the war and only three could be readied in time for this mission.”
“So, what’s the possibility of setting up a communications link?”
“It would take about ten days for another shuttle to take off. If we launch twenty-one shuttles and each places ten beacons in space, all equidistant from each other between here and Earth, we’d be able to maintain a communications link across the entire distance.”
“Wow! That would be very useful. Any chance you can make that happen?”
“Ordinarily I’d say no, but in this instance we won’t be carrying passengers or freight, so all we have to do is load enough provisions for the crew for a cycle or so. It might just be doable. It’s one of the things I’m going to throw at the General Assembly tomorrow. I’m going to warn them that if the Fleet is successful in conquering Earth, they’ll eventually be coming back to Tarizon, for revenge if nothing else. Evohn Cystrom and Rupra Bruda have said as much. So, having a communications link to Earth would give us an entire cycle’s warning of any impending attack on Tarizon.”
“Right. Makes perfect sense. Nobody would dare oppose you if you put it to them like that.”
“Well, if they know you’re still behind me, that will help.”
“Okay. I’ll go make the tape; and good luck tomorrow.”
“Thanks, Commander,” Lorin said, and the screen went blank.
Leek looked at Lt. Lakee and said, “I’ll be back soon. Keep the link open.”
“Yes, sir,” Lt. Lakee said.
Leek went to his office and quickly wrote out a message to the General Assembly. He felt guilty about leaving Lorin in such a difficult situation. It hadn’t occurred to him that his leaving would cause such a ruckus. He thought about the communications link and prayed Lorin would make it happen. It would be nice to be able to confer with her, and Threebeard, too, particularly when they got to Earth and had to confront the Fleet. When he was finished he rushed back to the bridge and sent his message.
When Leek got back to the dining hall, almost everyone had gone, and the staff was clearing the plates away. Lt. Lei was just leaving, but she got another cup of sankee and sat down to keep him company.
“So, what was that about?” she asked.
“Politics,” he said and stuffed a bite into his mouth.
“Hmm. I stay clear of that.”
“You know. You’d think after winning the war, ridding the planet of Videl Lai, and reestablishing the Supreme Mandate that Chancellor Boskie would be immune from political attack, at least for a few cycles.”
“Who’s after her?”
“The old Mammett faction. They ought to be glad I’m not on Tarizon. I’d like to kick a little Mammett-friendly ass.”
Lt. Lei laughed. “You and the Chancellor are close,” she said.
Leek stopped chewing and looked at Lt. Lei thoughtfully. “You could say that, Doc. We’ve been through a lot together.”
“She’s a remarkable woman. Many thought you two would mate.”
Leek nearly choked on his food. “What!”
“Well, at least until it turned out Lucinda was alive.”
“Lorin and I? No. We’re just friends,” Leek said and returned to his food.
“So,” Lt. Lei continued, “the Captain said there’s an officers’ briefing in the morning.”
“Yes, we’ve got a lot of work to do before we go to Earth.”
“Are you going to need my assistance in your training?”
“Yes. Absolutely. We’ll need you to devise a physical training regimen for everyone. It would be really easy to grow fat and weak on a ship like this.”
“Yes, that is a problem with space travel. I’ve got a program I’ve used in the past, but I’ll have to ramp it up a notch for this mission.”
“Yes. Will there be a problem with the gravitational differences between Tarizon and Earth?”
“No. Tarizon is bigger than Earth and has a stronger gravitational pull, so walking on Earth will actually be easier.”
“Good.” Leek shared another cup of sankee with Lt. Lei and then went back to his quarters. It was dark inside except for a flickering candle. Leek assumed Lucinda had gone to bed, so he walked in quietly and began taking off his uniform. Suddenly Lucinda stepped out of the darkness wearing nothing but a seductive smile. 
“Well, it’s about time you came home, Commander. I’ve got plans for you.”
Leek smiled. “Oh, really? What kind of plans?”

 Chapter 11
Operation Conquest Earth
Evohn Cystrom rushed from the Admiral’s quarters, furious that Lorin Boskie had outmaneuvered them again, and angry at his crew for allowing the Fleet to be attacked with impunity. 
He’d cherished the look on the Chancellor’s face when she was told the Fleet wouldn’t surrender and would be leaving Clarion. He never dreamed she’d be so bold as to attempt a suicide attack on the Fleet. The fact that the attack had been so successful was humiliating.
His first stop was the bridge, to find out the extent of the damage done to the Fleet. When he arrived, Lt. Lethrow was there talking to the intelligence officer.
“I need a damage report,” Captain Cystrom barked.
Lt. Lethrow grimaced. “Forty-four dead, eighty-one injured, two hangars destroyed, three fuel storage tanks ruptured, eleven fighters destroyed, twenty-one fighters with minor damage, and one attack cruiser with moderate hull damage.”
“I don’t care about the base. We’re going to blow it up when we leave anyway. The casualties are unfortunate, and we can live with a few less fighters, but what about the attack cruiser? We can’t do without it. Is it flight worthy?”
“No, sir. There has been substantial hull damage. It would take seven or eight days to fix it.”
“Seven or eight days,” Evohn Cystrom said thoughtfully. “Not a long time . . . I suppose we’ll have to delay our departure.”
“What if they attack us again?” Lt. Lethrow asked.
“They won’t. From now on, I want around-the-clock patrols, so we’ll have plenty of warning if they try this again. We were overconfident and underestimated our enemy. We can’t ever allow that to happen again.”
“No, sir.” Lt. Lethrow agreed.
“What about our civilian technicians? Have they been found?”
“No, sir. The underground tunnel system has collapsed, and the hangar they were working in took a direct hit from a string of cluster bombs. They’re probably all dead.”
“All right. Forget about them, then. We’ll hit what’s left of the hangar hard when we leave, just in case any of them survived. In the meantime we need to get started on the repairs to the battle cruiser. Which one is it?”
“Earth’s Destiny.”
“Okay, I want crews working on Earth’s Destiny nonstop until the repairs are finished. We’ve got to get off this rock. I won’t sleep until we are out of range of the Loyalist fighters.”
“Yes, sir,” Lt. Lethrow said. “I’ll get right on it.”
The next morning the briefing with Rupra Bruda went on as scheduled in the ship’s main briefing room. Admiral Vin Lugart began the briefing by stating his belief that the Loyalist raid had been an act of desperation and nothing more. In fact, he told everyone, he was glad it had happened, because it revealed a major flaw in the Intergalactic Fleet’s defenses that needed to be addressed. Then he turned the briefing over to Vice Admiral Brunns.
“As you know, I ran the Tarizon Repopulation Project for many cycles,” Brunns began. “Let me refresh your memory as to the project’s purpose. Many cycles ago a debate took place within the General Assembly as to what could be done to stabilize Tarizon’s dwindling human population. Cycles of worldwide war, and then the super-volcanic eruptions, killed billions. Those who were left barely survived in the planet’s contaminated atmosphere. Inevitably many of those who were born during those times were mutants, some barely resembling human beings as we knew them. Eventually, the mutant population grew, and we normal humans became fewer and fewer. 
“A debate arose over whether to abandon Tarizon, conquer Earth, and take our pure human population there to live, or to seek permission from one or more of Earth’s governments to breed new, healthy human children for eventual transport back to Tarizon. 
“Well, you know what happened. Those of us who favored conquest lost the debate in the General Assembly, and the Tarizon Repopulation Project was born. But what you may not know is that many of us believed we needed a contingency plan. Videl Lai was one of them. After I was appointed to run the project, Videl, myself and others got together and developed such a plan.
“Essentially, that plan was to seize control of the United States government and its military so that we could rule Earth and bring our people there to live in an uncontaminated environment. Obviously such a bold initiative would take careful planning, organization, and military strength to be successful. So, for the ten cycles that I ran the Repopulation Project, many citizens of Tarizon were recruited into a secondary operation, Operation Conquest Earth, or OCE as we called it. 
The plan was to infiltrate our operatives into the U.S. government, the military, and the major corporations, and maneuver them into positions of leadership. They would then be in a position to facilitate the transition to Purist rule, once our own government finally realized that the evacuation of Tarizon was our only viable option.
“So, when we are finally able to leave Clarion, we will be embarking on OCE. The day has come for us to make a permanent home for our people.”
Rupra Bruda nodded. “Yes, I was aware of OCE. Videl talked of it often. What I don’t know is how strong our current presence on Earth is, or how OCE is to work now that it is actually underway.”
“Yes,” Brunns said. “Well, I’m happy to say a month ago a shuttle returned from Earth and they report that we have over 40,000 citizens of Tarizon on Earth ready to help implement OCE. These include members of the United States Congress, state governors, law enforcement officials, including those in the FBI, Secret Service, and CIA, as well as numerous business and religious leaders.
“As to our specific plan, once we have reached Earth, we will eliminate the American president and two of his would-be successors. This will pave the way for one of our people to become president. When he is sworn in he will appoint other Purists to key positions in the government and the military. It will not be long before we have complete control over the greatest nation on Earth.”
“Brilliant, Vice Admiral,” Rupra Bruda acknowledged. “I was wondering how you were going to conquer Earth without destroying it in the process.”
“Yes, it is a brilliant plan and we’ve sent the shuttle back to Earth to let our commanders there know that the Fleet is on its way. By the time we get there they should be ready to commence OCE.”
“What if the people resist?” Lt. Muri asked. “The Americans have fought many wars to win their freedom. Do you think they will sit idly by while we take over their government?”
“No,” the Vice Admiral replied. “There will be resistance, but we will control their military so it should easily be quelled. But, even if the military can’t handle the opposition, or turns against us, we’ll have the Fleet to crush all of them.”
“What about the other nations of the world? How will you deal with them?” Rupra Bruda asked.
“After the United States falls, they will not dare challenge us. Once we have solidified our position, we’ll take over the United Nations and begin to organize a world government.”
“Of course,” Admiral Vin Lugart acknowledged, “keep in mind that all of this is still in the planning stages. We’ll have nearly a cycle to study and refine it while we travel to Earth.”
“Yes, of course,” Bruda said. “Excellent, Admiral. Thank you for a most interesting briefing.”
The session continued until everyone’s questions had been answered. Most were pleasantly surprised at what they’d learned. Videl Lai had kept OCE a secret because he couldn’t afford for the Loyalists to learn of it before he became chancellor.
Evohn Cystrom spent the next day watching the work being done on Earth’s Destiny and studying reports from the fighters patrolling the skies over Clarion. All attack cruisers were on high alert, so the moment an enemy fighter was discovered it could be almost immediately neutralized. He also ordered a satellite placed in orbit to monitor any traffic leaving Tarizon. He wanted as much notice of an attack as possible. Late in the day, he got a report from a crewman that a ship had left Tarizon’s atmosphere.
“What’s its ETA?” he asked.
“Ah. It’s not heading for Clarion, sir. It’s going into deep space.”
Captain Cystrom grimaced. “What? Are you sure?”
“Yes, sir. It emerged from the atmosphere and immediately went FTL.”
“Where was it headed? Can you tell?”
“No, sir. It could have been going anywhere.”
“Was it going in the direction of Earth?”
“Ah . . . Yes, sir. That could be its destination.”
Captain Cystrom thought a moment and then went to the Admiral’s quarters. The door scanner did its routine and then announced his presence to the Admiral.
“Come in,” the Admiral said and the door unlatched.
Captain Cystrom pushed the door open and walked inside. The Admiral looked up expectantly. 
“Sir, I’ve just been told a ship has left Tarizon and is headed into deep space.”
“What?” the Admiral said in surprise. “Where would it be going?”
“I suspect it’s a shuttle headed to Earth.”
“But what would they expect to accomplish by sending a shuttle to Earth?”
“I suspect it’s Commander Lanzia going to Earth to warn the Americans of our attack.”
The Admiral slammed his fist on his desk. “We can’t let that happen! We need to catch them by surprise. If they know of the attack they’ll go on high alert and make implementation of OCE much more difficult. We’ll have to completely revamp our plans. We must stop that shuttle. How long until Earth’s Destiny is repaired?”
“Five more days, sir.”
“Can we send one of our attack cruisers ahead to intercept the shuttle?”
“I’ll look into it, but I doubt that we could catch them.”
The Admiral thought a moment and then said, “Get the Vice Admiral and Lt. Muri up here. We may need to scuttle Earth’s Destiny and leave immediately.”
“What about Rupra Bruda and Lt. Lethrow, sir?”
The Admiral shrugged. “Yes. Find them as well. This is an important decision; we’ll need to look at this from all angles.”
“Yes, sir. Right away.”
Captain Cystrom left immediately to find Rupra Bruda and Lt. Lethrow, to bring them up to speed on the new development. After a brief discussion they agreed on what their joint recommendation should be. When they reached the main briefing room, Lt. Muri was just arriving.
“It seems we’ve underestimated Commander General Lanzia once again,” she said, seemingly amused.
Rupra Bruda’s eyes narrowed. “Yes, we often forget a fundamental scientific principle: With every action there is an inevitable reaction. We must consider this carefully in all our planning for the future.”
“I really didn’t think there was any way the Liberator could interfere with our mission,” Lt. Muri admitted. “I’m sure Videl would have anticipated this.”
“Yes, he would have,” Captain Cystrom agreed icily. “We’ve got to think through our moves more carefully from now on. But it’s not the Liberator we have to worry about. He’s just a stooge for Threebeard. He’s our real rival.”
“Threebeard? But he’s just a three-headed mutant.”
“Yes. He’s a freak, but he’s also incredibly intelligent and cunning. He thinks of himself as a god and acts accordingly. He’s been pulling Leek Lanzia’s strings ever since the boy arrived on Tarizon.”
“What? Do you have proof of that?” Lt. Muri asked.
“Proof? My father is dead and we are fleeing to Earth. Isn’t that proof enough?”
“Perhaps you’re right,” she admitted.
“I must be right because my father was doing God’s work. That perverted mutant Threebeard is our most powerful enemy, and the true one we should fear.” 
Lt. Muri shrugged and stepped inside the briefing room. As soon as everyone was seated, the Admiral began by reiterating the current situation. “So, we must decide if our plans should change on account of this shuttle being sent to Earth.”
“I don’t think we have any choice,” Vice Admiral Brunns replied. “We must leave immediately. If we can limit them to one or two days’ head start, I doubt they will have time to alert the American authorities. I’m very familiar with the United States bureaucracy. Peter Turner will have to find his father. His father will then have to contact the CIA. The CIA will have to evaluate whether the threat is real and serious enough to take to the President.”
“Yes,” Lt. Muri interjected, “and even if Peter Turner warns the President, he knows nothing of our specific plans, nor does he know we’ve infiltrated his government and military. Worst case, he’ll put the military on high alert.”
“I disagree,” Captain Cystrom said. “We cannot assume that Peter Turner doesn’t know of our infiltration into the American government, military, and private business corporations. Certainly, his father and the CIA could have discovered it themselves. We’ve got to be prepared to alter our plans, if necessary. We may need to take Earth by force, and, if that is the case, we’ll need Earth’s Destiny. I doubt waiting five days will have any negative impact on our ultimate objective, but having one less attack cruiser certainly could.”
“I agree with Captain Cystrom,” Rupra Bruda said. “If the Vice Admiral is correct in his assessment of the American bureaucracy, then five days won’t matter. We’ll still catch them by surprise and it will be too late for them to take any action to thwart our mission.”
“You may be right,” the Vice Admiral said. “Five days might not make a difference, but you can’t guarantee that. I, on the other hand, can assure you that our present plan to conquer Earth will work just as well with five attack cruisers as it would with six. So why take a chance on having all our plans disrupted? I say we scuttle Earth’s Destiny and take off immediately.”
The Admiral nodded. “I thank all of you for your thoughts on this. There is merit to both sides, but my gut feeling is to leave immediately as the Vice Admiral recommends.”
“Thank you, Admiral,” Vice Admiral Brunns said. “I’ll see to the scuttling of Earth’s Destiny.”
“Very good, then. Dismissed!”
The briefing broke up and Vice Admiral Brunns and Lt. Muri left. Evohn Cystrom stood up slowly and started to leave. Then he turned and said, “Admiral, may I speak frankly?”
The Admiral’s eyes narrowed. “Yes, if you must.”
“Sir, I think leaving Earth’s Destiny is a great mistake and may jeopardize the mission. My father always insisted that six attack cruisers were the absolute minimum needed for OCE to be successful. Two for North America, one for Europe, one for Asia, one for South America, and one for Africa and the Middle East. Earth is a big planet with many formidable armies. If our American coup fails, we will need Earth’s Destiny, and even then there is no guarantee we will prevail.”
“Yes, yes, I agree with much of what you say, Captain,” the admiral replied irritably, “but I’m confident our plan will work as long as the element of surprise is preserved. So, let’s get off Clarion and on our way to Earth just as quickly as we can, okay?”
“Yes, sir,” Captain Cystrom said and saluted.
Lt. Lethrow followed the Captain out and asked, “Should I go assist with the scuttle of Earth’s Destiny?”
Captain Cystrom shook his head. “No, the Vice Admiral volunteered to do it, so let him do it alone. I don’t want any part of this madness.”
“Yes, sir. Then I’ll report to the bridge to help ready the ship for takeoff.”
“Very good, Lieutenant. I’ll be in Rupra Bruda’s quarters if you need me.”

Rep, Rossi, and Paalo took turns keeping watch the first night after the Loyalist attack on Clarion. They knew the Purist soldiers would be looking for them. If they didn’t suspect the workers of having sabotaged their ships, they’d want their expertise in repairing the damage to the sensors and routing out the chaos virus. And if they did suspect them, they’d want to find the workers so they could kill them. Their only hope was that in the Fleet’s haste to leave Clarion, they wouldn’t have the time or the manpower to find and deal with the saboteurs.
At first light the next morning, Rossi and Paalo decided to climb up to the roof of the hangar so they could get a look at the entire base and see what was going on. It was a difficult climb in their spacesuits, and they had to be careful not to be seen. They took the risk, though, because from that vantage point they’d be able to see much earlier if any soldiers were coming to kill them. Also, they would know immediately when the Fleet left. The first thing they noticed when they reached the top of the hangar was the extent of the damage to Earth’s Destiny. One of the loading bay doors had been ripped from the hull, leaving a gaping hole.
“They’ll never be able to take off with a hull breach of that magnitude,” Rossi observed.
“How long will it take to fix it?” Paalo asked.
“Several days at least, maybe longer to repair it properly.”
“Do you think they’ll hang around here that long?”
“I don’t know. The Loyalists may come back and attack them again at any time. It would be risky to stay.”
They watched Earth’s Destiny for a while, mesmerized by the hubbub of the activity around the cargo hold. There were officers coming and going, conversations among crew members, but very little actual work being done. No one person seemed to be in charge. Then a soldier rushed up to the group of officers watching the work. One of the officers began to give out orders and the repair work came to a halt. The scene became increasingly chaotic as officers and soldiers scurried around with a great sense of urgency.
“Oh, my God!” Rossi said though his suit com. “I think they’re going to abandon Earth’s Destiny.”
“What? Are you serious?” Paalo asked.
“Yes, they’ve realized the repairs are going to take a long time to fix. If they had our help they could probably get it done a lot faster, but now we’re out of the equation.”
“What should we do?”
Rossi thought for a moment. “You know, I’ll bet Captain Shilling could really use an attack cruiser at her side when she gets to Earth.”
“Yeah, but—”
“In fact, I’ll bet that with a little luck we could deliver Earth’s Destiny to her. Wouldn’t she be surprised?”
“I guess so,” Paalo agreed. “But—”
“Come on. We’ll need everybody if we’re going to pull this off.”
If Paalo hadn’t had his spacesuit on Rossi would have seen his mouth hanging open in astonishment. He couldn’t for the life of him figure out how they could possibly commandeer Earth’s Destiny and fly her to Earth, particularly since she was about to be scuttled by the Purists. But the idea of it fascinated him. 
He struggled to keep up with Rossi as they climbed down the ladder to the ground, rushed to the elevator shaft, and slid down to their basement hideout. When they tapped on the window of the big metallic door, it opened a crack and they slipped inside, trying not to let out too much oxygen in the process.
“So, what’s going on up there?” Rep asked.
“All right, everyone,” Rossi said, projecting his voice so all could hear. “Here’s the deal. We have a unique opportunity to do something quite extraordinary and also of immense importance to the struggle against the Purists and the future of Earth. One of the attack cruisers, Earth’s Destiny, was severely damaged in yesterday’s attack. Apparently, Intergalactic Command has determined that it cannot be repaired quickly enough, so they are preparing to scuttle it.
“What this means is that in about thirty or forty loons Earth’s Destiny will have been evacuated and rendered vulnerable to attack. As the other ships leave, they will fire on it with their laser cannons until it has been destroyed. So, we have about fifteen or twenty loons to get topside and enter that ship, take over control, and man enough gun turrets to mount a counterattack against the other attack cruisers. During that time, we will have to restore all onboard defensive systems, because we’ll need them to survive the missile strike that will inevitably follow.”
“Can the attack cruiser withstand a missile attack?” Rep asked.
“Yes, attack cruisers have an ion-based missile defense shield. When approaching missiles are detected, an ionic shield is projected between the ship and the incoming missile. The ions disable the missile’s guidance system and also cause it to prematurely explode,” Rossi explained.
“Let’s do it,” Rep said.
“I agree!” Paalo shouted.
“All right,” Rossi said, “anyone who wants to help is welcome to, but understand that any number of things could go wrong, and we could easily end up dead. So, if you want to stay here and wait for a rescue party, nobody will hold it against you.”
Nobody said a word.
“Okay, let’s break up into three groups based on experience and knowledge. Those with knowledge or skills relating to the ship’s defense system stand to my left. Those who know how to fire the ship’s laser cannons stand to my right. The rest of you stick with me. 
“Rep, since you know something about armaments, you’re in charge of getting as many gun turrets up and running as you can. Paalo, you’ll coordinate the work on the ship’s defenses. I’ll go to the bridge and try to cut off communications with the Fleet so they can’t remotely control Earth’s Destiny in any way. Everybody set their com links to T-34 so we can stay in touch.
“Also, portions of the tunnels leading to the ship have collapsed, so you’ll have to suit up until we get inside and get the artificial atmosphere up and running. The tunnels may be difficult to traverse in the areas where they’ve caved in, so be careful going through the rubble. If you tear your suit you’ll lose oxygen, and nobody’s going to have time to try to save you. 
“If you have any questions I’ll answer them as we go, but we must leave now. Everybody suit up and go with your group. Everyone following me, I’ll be waiting at the top of the elevator shaft, but I can’t wait long, so hurry.”
Rossi put his helmet back on, stepped outside, and closed the door. Rep went into the storage room and started handing out spacesuits. Paalo walked around helping people suit up and then urged them topside. 
Thirteen loons later the group was gathered at the tunnel’s entrance. Rossi nodded and then started toward Earth’s Destiny. The floor of the tunnel was littered with debris and large chunks of concrete. At one point the way was almost entirely blocked, and it took them several loons to clear a path through. When they finally reached Earth’s Destiny, they saw guards stationed at the main entry hatch inside a temporarily oxygenated gangway tube.
“Okay, they haven’t completed the evacuation yet,” Rossi said. “Everybody sit tight. Be perfectly still and no talking. They’ll be leaving soon.”
Several loons later an officer stepped out of the ship and dismissed the guards. He lingered, taking a long hard look at the big battle cruiser. Finally he turned and walked down the tube to a transport vehicle and got in. They watched the vehicle drive away, and when it was out of view they rushed inside the gangway tube, removed their suits, and began boarding the ship.
They’d all worked on the ship for over a cycle, so they knew their way around. Rossi went straight to the bridge and sat in the Captain’s chair. He studied the complicated array of instruments and controls for a moment, and then began turning switches and punching in commands to the ship’s computer. He discovered, much to his surprise, that the captain hadn’t shut down the computer, nor had he bothered to change any of the passwords or security protocols. Rossi had thought getting control of the ship would be much harder. 
Once in control of the ship’s systems, the first thing he did was activate the main power generator, because the vessel’s defense systems took a lot of energy to function effectively. 
“Rep. The power’s up,” Rossi advised. “How many gun turrets will you be able to man?”
“We’ve got four in the process of activation. Give me a few loons and I should have them up and ready for action.”
“Good,” Rossi replied. “Paalo. How are the ship’s defenses coming?”
“All systems are initializing,” Paalo reported. “I’ve got half a dozen engineers monitoring them. They just take time to come on line.”
“Good. Let me check the Fleet.”
Rossi found the main display button and pushed it. The sky above appeared on the big monitor in front of him. The five other attack cruisers were just lifting off. “Okay, the Fleet’s off the ground. Rep. You got those laser cannons ready?”
“Yes, sir. Standing by.”
“No time like the present, then. Let’s catch them by surprise and drive them away. Fire at will!”


Lt. Lethrow called Captain Cystrom to advise him the ship was ready for takeoff. Cystrom went to the bridge to witness the departure. When he arrived, Vice Admiral Brunns was giving final instructions to his crew. 
“When we are two thousand feet above Earth’s Destiny, open fire with your laser cannons on the open cargo holds. We’ve loaded each one with enough explosives to blast the ship all the way to Shisk.”
“Yes, sir,” they said together and scampered off to their duty stations.
Vice Admiral Brunns nodded when he saw Captain Cystrom arrive on the bridge.
“What about the rest of the base, Vice Admiral?” Captain Cystrom asked.
“The other attack cruisers will take care of that.”
“Very good, sir.”
Vice Admiral Brunns took the command seat and said, “Take us to Earth!”
The big attack cruiser rocked as it disengaged from its holding pad. In a few tiks his first officer, Lt. Rohl Hanze, reported they had reached the appropriate altitude.
“Open fire!” the Vice Admiral said.
At the same moment he issued the order, a laser blast shot outward from one of Earth’s Destiny’s weapons turrets and struck the ship. The ship lurched violently, nearly knocking Lt. Hanze onto the deck. A second blast caused the instrument panel to dim and then blink off and then on again. Captain Cystrom looked on in extreme shock and dismay.
“What in the name of God is happening?” the Vice Admiral yelled. 
“We’re under attack, sir,” Lt. Hanze advised.
The Vice Admiral looked at Lt. Hanze like he was a lunatic. “By whom? Earth’s Destiny is empty.”
“So I thought, sir. But—”
Another jolt hit the ship and it listed badly.
“Don’t just sit there like an idiot. Return fire!”
“Yes, sir,” Lt. Hanze said, “but if we take another hit at this distance, the ship could be seriously damaged.”
“Get us out of here, then! We’ll destroy Earth’s Destiny with missiles from a safe distance.”
“Yes, sir.”


Bright laser blasts shot out from four of Earth’s Destiny turrets. Humanities Hope was closest and sustained two consecutive hits that shook the large ship violently. It accelerated quickly away, trying to get out of range, but before it could, two more blasts hit it. Invincible and Relentless were also hit and quickly driven off. Soon all the ships had maneuvered out of range, and Earth’s Destiny’s cannons fell silent.
“All right,” Rossi said. You know what comes next. Is the shield generator fully charged?”
“Eighty-nine percent,” Paalo advised.
“How long until it’s fully charged?”
“Just a couple of loons.”
Rossi took a deep breath and looked up at the attack cruisers hanging high above them. He knew that at any moment they could be attacked by Fleet missiles. If the generator wasn’t ready to project its ion shield by then, they’d be blown all the way to Tarizon. 
“We don’t have much time,” Rossi warned.
“Ninety-three percent.”
An alarm began to sound. “Multiple missiles have locked on. Twenty-one tiks to impact.”
“Paalo!” Rossi shouted.
“Ninety-seven percent . . . ninety-eight . . . ninety-nine . . . Shield up!” Paalo yelled as the sky in front of them flashed white, then red, and the ship rocked back and forth violently. There were multiple explosions and loose objects became lethal projectiles. Everyone not strapped in hit the deck to avoid being struck. After a few tiks, the ship stopped rocking and became still. 
“You think they’ll send more?” Paalo asked.
“I don’t know. How often can we use that ion shield?” Rossi asked.
“Once it’s powered up it’s good for twenty-five consecutive projections, but there are two backup generators, each of which can be charging while the other is in use. In theory, we could withstand an attack indefinitely.”
“In that case, I doubt they’ll shoot at us anymore. Why waste missiles on a hopeless cause?”


The attack cruiser had begun to accelerate when it was blasted again. Evohn Cystrom held on to a support beam with all his strength. Dust and debris shaken from the ceiling came down on him. The lights blinked off and on once more.
“Damage report!” the Vice Admiral screamed.
A voice came over the ship’s speaker. “Damage to the starboard stabilizers. One scanner antennae array destroyed. One crewman suffered a concussion and was sent to the casualty compartment.”
“All right. Link me to Humanities Hope,” the Vice Admiral ordered.
“Yes, sir.”
Another voice came over the bridge speaker. “Captain Quoral here.”
“Captain, did you see Earth’s Destiny firing on us?”
“Yes, Vice Admiral. How did that happen?”
“We don’t know. Did you see anything from your angle?”
“We observed laser cannons firing from turrets A:24, A:14, and C:16.”
“Can those lasers be fired remotely, Captain?”
“Not to my knowledge. They require a gunner to lock on the target.”
“Did you scan the ship for life-forms?”
“No. They started firing at us as well, so I thought it best not to risk damage to the ship by moving in any closer.”
“That’s okay. We’re going to finish her off with a few of our missiles.”
“Yes, sir. Let us know if we can help.”
“Will do, thanks. Out.”
Vice Admiral Brunns looked out the front portal at Earth’s Destiny, wondering what skutz had managed to board the big attack cruiser and attack the Fleet. He looked at Captain Cystrom. “What’s your take on this, Captain?”
Captain Cystrom shrugged. “More defectors, I’d guess. They didn’t want to go to Earth so they figured they’d hijack an attack cruiser and become heroes to the traitors back on Tarizon.”
“You’re right. That’s probably it. We can’t let them get away with this.”
“No. We can’t,” Captain Cystrom agreed. “We must make them pay for their treachery.”
“Lt. Hanze,” the Vice Admiral said, “ready a half dozen Muscan 7s to finish off Earth’s Destiny.”
“Yes, sir.”
“You should do a head count on all the ships,” Captain Cystrom suggested. “Whoever we find missing will be our traitors.”
“Yes, take care of that for me, would you?”
“Yes, sir,” Captain Cystrom replied.
Lt. Hanze looked at the Vice Admiral. “Muscans ready to launch.”
“Launch missiles,” the Vice Admiral ordered.
There was a series of hissing sounds as the missiles were launched. All eyes watched them streak toward Earth’s Destiny. Just before they reached their target a bright white flash nearly blinded them. The missiles exploded, turning the sky orange with fire. When the fire and smoke cleared, Earth’s Destiny sat defiantly unscathed.
“What happened?” the Vice Admiral demanded. “What was that?”
Captain Cystrom shook his head in dismay. “That was the ionic missile defense shield, sir. It creates a temporary ion field that prematurely triggers any inbound missiles.” He laughed. “That was its first battle test. Works pretty well, don’t you think?”
“You mean, all of Earth’s Destiny’s defenses are up?” the Vice Admiral asked incredulously. 
“Apparently so, sir. Didn’t you lock down the computer and secure the ship before you left?” Captain Cystrom asked.
A horrible look came over the Vice Admirals face.
“Why no. I didn’t think that was necessary. I thought everyone on Clarion was dead.”
Captain Cystrom took a deep breath trying to stifle his disgust. “I believe that’s standard protocol, sir.” 
“So now what do we do?” the Vice Admiral asked meekly.
Captain Cystrom shrugged. “I think the admiral will have to make that decision.”
Vice Admiral Brunns made a hasty retreat, leaving Captain Cystrom stifling great laughter. He was delighted at the Vice Admiral’s humiliation and started to think how he could capitalize on it in the future. He knew if the Vice Admiral were out of the way, he’d be second in command and only a heartbeat away from full control of the Fleet. It was true there were five other captains of equal rank, but being Videl Lai’s son, he knew he’d have the upper hand. When Vice Admiral Brunns returned, Captain Cystrom put on a somber demeanor. Brunns ignored him.
“Set course for Earth,” Brunns ordered.
“We’re leaving Earth’s Destiny behind for the Loyalists?” Captain Cystrom questioned.
“Yes, trying to recapture it or destroy it is too dangerous. It could jeopardize our entire mission. We have no choice.”
Captain Cystrom watched the image of Earth’s Destiny shrink as the attack cruiser picked up speed. Soon it was gone and Tarizon came into view, only to disappear a moment later when the ship went FTL. Captain Cystrom continued to stare through the portal into the darkness of space, still stunned by their sudden departure. He couldn’t believe they were leaving a fully functional attack cruiser behind. He’d had little respect for the admiral and none at all for the Vice Admiral, but now he knew that their continued leadership could well compromise the entire mission, if it hadn’t already done so. He also knew that he now had no choice but to assume command as quickly as possible.


	Chapter 12
	T-73
As Red prepared to land at Gallion, he saw the two big shuttles being readied for their journey to Earth. He couldn’t believe he would soon be traveling to Earth in such magnificent ships. Since it was unclear how long the Intergalactic Fleet would be delayed by the raid on their Clarion base, it was imperative that the shuttles depart for Earth as soon as possible. This left Red with a dilemma. Should he leave on ES 39 immediately, or wait for ES 52, which wouldn’t be ready for a day or two? He had wanted to be aboard ES 39 when it left, but then Chancellor Boskie had ordered him to send a rescue party to Clarion to find Rossi Sincini and transport him to one of the shuttles. Red didn’t know if he dared delegate such an important task to one of his junior officers instead of leading the rescue himself. 
When he touched down he saw a crowd of soldiers led by the two shuttle commanders, Captain Sparten and Captain Reeling, there to greet him. As he climbed down out of the cockpit they clapped.
“Great mission, Captain,” Captain Sparten said. “We heard you left the base in shambles.”
Red shrugged. “It was hard to tell the extent of the damage, but they definitely knew we’d paid a visit.”
They all laughed.
“ES 52 is loaded and ready for departure,” Captain Sparten said. “All we have left to do is load your new fighter aboard.”
“My new fighter?”
“Yes, the one your friend just delivered.”
Red frowned. Just then he caught sight of the most incredible fighter he’d ever seen being towed over to the shuttle’s cargo hold. “Wha–what is that?” Red stammered, gazing at the new ship in wonder.
“That, my friend, is a T-73 Invisible Predator—the latest and most technologically advanced fighter ever produced on Tarizon.”
Red smiled as he spotted Tam, his classmate and friend from officer’s candidate school.
“What in the name of Sandee are you doing here?”
Tam trotted over to him. They embraced. 
“I heard all the action was down here at Gallion, so I thought I’d pay you a visit,” Tam said.
“It is so great to see you, Commander. I can’t believe you brought me a new fighter.”
“You’re going to need it. I wish I had more of these birds but this is the first one off the assembly line.”
“Why do they call it the Invisible Predator?” Red asked.
“Because it is the first fighter that can go stealth in the atmosphere and in outer space. It also has a plasma cannon that is powerful enough to destroy an attack cruiser, if you can get up close enough.”
“Fantastic! I think you’ve just evened the match with the Fleet a bit.”
“Well, I’m sorry we only have one, and I must warn you this one hasn’t been fully tested. You’ll have to flight test it on your way to Earth. I’ll send along a few technicians in case any modifications have to be made. When will you be leaving?” 
“ES 52 will be taking off just as soon as the fighter is loaded,” Captain Sparten advised. “Captain Reeling will be leaving with ES 39 tomorrow or the next day, depending on when the Fleet departs.”
“You can take off now, Captain,” Red said. “We’ll load the fighter into ES 52; I can’t leave just yet.”
“Very well, sir,” Captain Reeling said.
“Why can’t you leave?” Tam asked.
“The Chancellor wants to be sure that an engineer from Clarion, Rossi Sincini, is rescued and put aboard ES 52 before it leaves. He’s some kind of FTL drive expert, and he might be able to help us get to Earth more quickly.”
“I hope Lorin’s right, because the Fleet will have at least a day’s head start on ES 52 if you wait.” 
Red shrugged. “She seemed pretty confident that he could do it. Besides, ES 52 won’t be ready for a couple of days anyway.”
“So, do you need any help with your rescue?” Tam asked.
Red grinned. “Sure, you got a shovel? We may have to dig them out. I imagine when the Fleet leaves they’ll level the place.”
“I can do better than a shovel. I’ve got a dozen excavation ’bots I brought back from Shisk. We used them to clean up the buildings that Videl demolished when he tried to block our attack on the Capital.”
“When can you get them here?”
“I’ll order them to be transported immediately. We’ll have them by tomorrow. I doubt the Fleet will be leaving before then.”
“No, not with the damage we’ve inflicted,” Red chuckled.
Captain Reeling cleared his throat. “Sir, if you’re not coming, then—”
Red looked over at him and nodded. “Have a good flight, Captain. We’ll keep you apprised of the situation here and let you know when we are able to take off.”
“Very well, sir. Good luck on your rescue mission.”
Captain Reeling turned and headed back to his ship.
“If you don’t need me, gentlemen, I need to see how preparations aboard ES 52 are coming along,” Captain Sparten said.
“Yes, do that, Captain,” Tam agreed. “Red and I have a rescue mission to plan.”
Captain Sparten saluted and left the two friends alone. “Before we plan our mission, however, I think you need a break,” Tam said. “Let me buy you a drink.”
Red shrugged. “I can’t argue with that.”
“Good. I’ve got a PTV waiting,” Tam said and spoke into his personal communicator. A tik later a PTV came toward them. It stopped and the back door opened. Red got in and was startled to see someone already inside.
“Defense Minister!”
“Good afternoon, Captain,” Threebeard said.
Tam got in and closed the door, and the PTV took off. 
“It’s great to see you,” Red said. “Are you having a drink with us?”
“Yes. I wanted to see you before you left for Earth. I knew tonight might be my last opportunity.”
The PTV took them to the officers’ club and dropped them off. Loud music assaulted them as they entered. A skimpily clad hostess escorted them through the dimly lit club to a private booth, then took their orders. Several seafolken women eyed the newcomers with great interest as they walked by. Red smiled broadly.
“So, congratulations on your successful mission,” Threebeard said.
“Thank you, sir. I just wish we hadn’t lost a man. He shouldn’t have gone back. He disobeyed my order.”
“I know. I heard. Sometimes we get so caught up in a battle we quit thinking and act on emotion. That is very dangerous, indeed.”
“Yeah. Well, I’ve done that myself, so I can’t blame him. If he’d survived he’d be a hero now.”
“He still is a hero,” Tam said.
The barmaid brought them a round of drinks and asked them if they wanted something to eat. Threebeard ordered a platter of pink scrib and crackers. Tam, who was very fond of scrib, smiled appreciatively.
“So, what did you want to talk about?” Red asked.
“I wanted to warn you about Rupra Bruda and Evohn Cystrom.”
“What do you mean?”
“What I mean is that they are the ones who will be in control when you get to Earth. It’s important for you to know that when you are planning your strategy.”
“I thought Admiral Lugart was in command?”
“He is for now, but neither he nor Vice Admiral Brunns will survive the voyage to Earth. I know Bruda and Cystrom. They won’t take orders for very long.”
“I see. So, how will that change our strategy?” Red asked.
“Normally, one can employ logic and reason in planning military strategy, but these two will not act rationally. They will be very unpredictable and tenacious. So, you will have to try to put yourself in their places and try to imagine what they are feeling at any given time. In that way you will more likely be able to predict their actions.”
“Okay. But I’m not sure how to do that.”
“Remember, they believe in the dominance of the human race and the need to keep the race pure. They believe that to maintain the dominance of the human race and the purity of their blood, an all-powerful government is required. They will oppose both freedom and democracy because they don’t trust the majority to enforce the preservation of the sanctity of the human race. And, most importantly, they will do anything to possess this glorious world, which they believe God has envisioned and will provide for them.”
“Right.”
“So, you shouldn’t expect them to be honorable in any manner. You can’t negotiate with them because they won’t compromise. You can’t believe anything they tell you, because they will tell lies without any qualms, if they believe doing so will promote their ends. You cannot turn your back on them because they will not hesitate to slide a dagger through it to your heart. Bottom line, gentlemen, treat them as an angry drogal ready to rip you to shreds.”
Red thought of his prior encounters with the drogals. A shiver went down his spine. “Yes, sir. I’ll take your advice.” 
“Now, to a more serious problem,” Threebeard said somberly.
“What’s that?” Red asked warily.
“Rupra Bruda’s recent rescue was quite unsettling.”
“Yes, sir.”
“After careful review of the situation there can be but one conclusion. There is a traitor in our midst.”
“Another one,” Red moaned.
“Yes, I’m afraid so. Someone leaked critical information to Intergalactic Command regarding Rupra Bruda’s transfer to Pritzka Prison. They knew exactly when he was being transferred.”
“Any idea who that might have been?” Red asked.
“We’ve narrowed it down to a couple dozen people. Unfortunately, a transfer of this type requires much coordinated effort.”
“I can imagine.”
“Now, however, our greatest fear is that this traitor will somehow subvert our efforts to stop the Fleet from attacking Earth.”
“You think the traitor will be on one of the shuttles?” Red asked worriedly.
“Yes, I’m afraid we must consider that a real possibility. That’s why I wanted to meet you here in private, where nobody can overhear our conversation. You must keep a vigilant eye out for this traitor.”
“Yes, sir. I will.”
Red swallowed hard. He couldn’t believe he’d have to worry about a traitor aboard the shuttle. It would make an already difficult mission nearly impossible to carry out, knowing that anything he said could be forwarded to the enemy.
“The only comforting thing is that the traitor will not be able to contact Fleet Command during the flight to Earth,” Threebeard added.
Red laughed. “So, the only thing I have to worry about during the trip is sabotage, huh?”
“That and the traitor making contact with one or more of the enemy ships.”
“Okay, I’ll discuss the matter with Captain Reeling and Captain Sparten. I assume I can trust them.”
“Yes,” Threebeard acknowledged. “Neither of them is our traitor. They had no access to any of the information that was leaked.”
“Good. What about Commander Lanzia? Does he know about all of this?”
“Yes, and he came to the same conclusion as to how we should proceed.”
Red yawned. “All right. I’ll keep my eyes and ears alert.”
“You must be exhausted,” Tam said to him.
“Yes, I am. I think I better get to the barracks and get some sleep before the Fleet takes off. Thanks for bringing me up-to-date, Minister.”
Threebeard nodded and motioned for the barmaid. She came over and swiped Threebeard’s credit strip. As they were leaving, two of the seafolken women who had been watching them got up and approached them.
The first one put an arm around Red and looked into his eyes. “You already leaving? You just got here.”
Red looked at Tam, who rolled his eyes. “I’d really love to party with you girls,” Red said, “but we’ve got a busy day tomorrow and I feel certain if we took you two home we’d end up completely wasted and unable to work for days. I’m not saying it wouldn’t be enjoyable, but sometimes you’ve got to be practical.”
The girl leaned into Red’s neck and stuck out her reptilian tongue. Red pushed her away, barely avoiding her stinger. “I said no! Now get lost!”
Threebeard laughed and started walking to the door. Tam took Red’s arm and guided him through the crowd that had gathered to watch the exchange with the seafolken women. The PTV was waiting outside; they got in and were driven quickly away. Back at the barracks, Tam and Red got out, said goodbye to Threebeard, and went inside.
“Get a good night’s sleep,” Tam said. “We’ll plan our rescue over breakfast.”
Red nodded and went to his compartment. He thought back on the raid on Clarion, which resulted in the loss of a friend, and then the meeting with Threebeard. He worried about the presence of a traitor in their midst, and prayed he or she wouldn’t be aboard his shuttle. 
Then he thought of his encounter with the seafolken woman. She’d almost bitten him. He’d heard how wonderful the sting of a seafolken woman felt, and almost wished she’d been successful. Had he been alone, he’d probably have let her do it. With that pleasant thought lingering he succumbed to exhaustion and fell asleep.
It was late the next morning when someone woke him up and advised him that Tam was waiting for him in the nutrition center. Red looked at his wrist array and was aghast at how late it was. He quickly got dressed and rushed over there. Tam was talking to another soldier and waved Red over when he saw him.
“Good morning,” Red said, a little out of breath.
“Well, you look much better,” Tam observed. “Have you met Colonel Belmoht?”
“No. I’ve heard a lot about you but haven’t had the pleasure.”
They shook hands.
“Colonel Belmoht arrived with our excavation ’bots. He was supervising the cleanup in Shisk.”
“Oh, very good. This ought to be a lot easier in low gravity,” Red said.
“Yes, it should go much quicker,” Colonel Belmoht acknowledged.
“Any word on the Purist Fleet’s departure?” Red asked.
“Not yet. But they’re still on Clarion. We’ve got observation drones in orbit around the moon, so we’ll know the moment they leave.”
“Good.”
“Let’s get some breakfast,” Tam suggested.
The three soldiers ate breakfast and discussed the logistics of the rescue mission. They decided they’d need three transport and two medical evacuation ships for the job. The plan was to locate Rossi Sincini as soon as possible and take him and Red back to base immediately, so the shuttle could depart. The rest of the ships and crews would remain on Clarion until the job was done. When they were done eating and had completed their mission plan, Red went to his compartment to pack his personal gear. When he was done, his luggage was taken to his compartment aboard ES 52. 
Late that afternoon, while he was arranging things in his compartment, he was advised the Fleet appeared to be leaving Clarion. Tam was requesting that Red meet him in the battle room. 
When Red arrived a few loons later, several officers, including Tam and Colonel Belmoht, were watching one of the big monitors displaying a sensor view of Clarion. Five dots could be seen separating from Clarion and then moving slowly away from the moon. After a few tiks they disappeared.
“I only counted five,” Red said.
“Yeah, that is a bit strange, but two of the ships could have been so close together their signatures were blended into one,” Colonel Belmoht suggested. “That happens sometimes.”
“Do you think they might have set a trap for us by leaving an attack cruiser at the base to obliterate us when we arrive?”
“I doubt it, but it’s a possibility,” Colonel Belmoht admitted.
“Maybe we should send up a fighter to do a flyover to be sure the base is clear,” Tam suggested.
“I’ll do it. It will give me a chance to try out my new T-73,” Red said. “I can fly by and, if they’re waiting for us, they’ll never know I was there.”
Tam nodded. “Good idea. Okay. We’ll be right behind you, waiting for the all clear.” Tam raised his voice and said to the others in the room, “All right. Let me have your attention. Takeoff is in twenty loons. Everyone has their assignments. Now let’s go find Rossi Sincini and the other survivors.”
The group broke up and moved out quickly to make final preparations for the mission. Red contacted his flight crew and told them to prepare the Invisible Predator for the trip to Clarion. He advised them he’d be there in five loons for a briefing on the enhancements over his T-47, and over the T-59 he’d flown just once. When he arrived, his flight crew was busy loading her with fuel and weaponry. An engineer from the manufacturer greeted him and conducted the briefing.
“She’s longer, sleeker, and much faster than her predecessor,” he explained. “She has a regenerating lemdinium hull that automatically repairs itself if its integrity is breached by up to thirty percent. This gives it the ability to repair bullet holes, laser tears, and minor collision damage within just a few tiks. Since all of her critical communication components, mechanical functions, and electronics are buried deep in the fabric of the fighter, it’s nearly impossible to knock her out of commission.
“In fact,” he added, “it would take a direct missile strike to down her, but that’s not likely to happen because she carries anti-locking technology, which makes a strike highly unlikely. If an enemy fighter approaches within attack range, the T-73 automatically slips into stealth mode, takes appropriate evasive action, but leaves a hard signature ionic imprint, making it appear that she hasn’t changed course. A missile that had locked on would fly directly toward the false target and explode there, making the enemy think they’d destroyed it, only to find that their prey had by now circled around and was about to destroy them!”
Feeling quite exhilarated after the briefing, Red climbed into the cockpit and readied the Invisible Predator for takeoff. 
“R3 requesting clearance for takeoff,” Red said excitedly.
The T-73, Red had learned, had both vertical and horizontal takeoff capabilities. In an atmospheric environment it normally used a short runway because, with a horizontal takeoff, the fighter could reach maximum speed quicker and enter stealth mode much sooner than with a vertical takeoff. In space, however, vertical takeoff was the norm. 
The T-73 quickly disappeared over the Dark Sea, rapidly gaining altitude. Soon, it had broken free of Tarizon’s atmosphere. 
Red couldn’t believe the speed and maneuverability of his new toy. He couldn’t wait to try out the plasma cannon. 
As he entered Clarion’s ultra-thin atmosphere, he checked his position relative to the spaceport. He saw he was just over a hundred kylods away. 
“R3 approaching base.”
“R2 here. Acknowledged,” Tam replied. “We’re right behind you. Tell us what you see.”
Red switched to stealth mode and felt a slight shimmer. A humming sound followed, giving him gooseflesh. He looked ahead and saw the base coming up fast. It was in shambles. All the buildings and support structures had been leveled. Then he saw it.
“Sandee save us,” Red said. “It’s a trap! Hold back!”
“Acknowledged, R3. Changing course. What do you see?”
“The sixth battle cruiser. It’s lying in wait. I’m going around for another look. Stand by.”
“Be careful, R3. We’re not sure how well your invisibility shield works.”
Red took over manual control of the fighter and swung her back over the base. “I’m going to try out this new scanner and see how good it is.” 
Red punched the scanner’s activation key on his control unit and waited. A light started flashing. He punched the response button next to it. A display printed out on the screen—Incoming message, it said. Then a face came up on Red’s screen.
“Is anybody out there?” the man on the screen asked. “We can’t see you but registered your scanner. Acknowledge.”
“This is Captain Levitur from the 1st Airborne Division out of Gallion. Who are you?”
“Tosh Ramul, communications engineer for Wiggins Engineering.”
“Why is that attack cruiser still here?” Red asked. “Is it operational?”
“No. It’s damaged. The Purists abandoned it.”
Red couldn’t believe it. Then he thought back to his earlier mission and remembered seeing a fighter being blown up while it was being loaded onto one of the attack cruisers. He figured the blast must have compromised the integrity of the entire ship, which would have required substantial repair work. Since the Fleet had to leave immediately there had been no choice but to abandon it.
“Thank you, Mr. Ramul,” Red said. “Is Rossi Sincini down there with you?”
“Yes, he is.”
“Good. Find him and tell him he’s being evacuated to Tarizon immediately. Tell everyone else we’ll have them off Clarion by the end of the day.”
Red advised Tam that the base was clear and then landed near the battle cruiser. He looked at the massive ship and wondered why it was still intact. Surely, he thought, Admiral Vin Lugart would have ordered its destruction rather than let it fall into the hands of the enemy. Red wondered what had happened on Clarion before his arrival, and he couldn’t wait for Rossi Sincini to fill him in.

Chapter 13
Urgent Consultation
As Rossi had predicted, the Fleet did not return, and everyone began to relax. The following day, the rescue ship Captain Shilling had promised finally arrived. Captain Levitur and Commander General Lavendar, who were leading the mission, were shocked to learn Rossi and his friends had managed to hijack an attack cruiser. Rossi told them the story as they relaxed in one of the rescue ships. They laughed heartily.
“That was very courageous of all of you,” Red said. “It’s too bad we can’t bring Earth’s Destiny with us tomorrow when we leave for Earth.”
“Why can’t we?” Rossi asked.
“Well, didn’t you say it would take five days to repair? There’s no way we can wait that long. The war would likely be over by the time we got there.”
“We could leave right now and repair the ship on the way to Earth. She’s fully stocked and ready to go. We’ll have plenty of time to do the repairs later.”
Tam leaned forward. “Are you serious? Is that possible?”
“I think so,” Rossi replied. “We’d need a captain, and a few crew members to operate and maintain critical systems. I could supervise the repairs myself. I’ll have to seal off about twenty percent of the ship until they’re completed.”
“I volunteer to go along,” Paalo said.
“Me too,” Rep added. “I’m sure we could recruit a repair crew from among our men to join us.”
Tam looked at them thoughtfully. “There’s no way we’d have time to find a captain quickly enough for this to work.”
Red turned to him. “Well, how about you?”
Tam laughed. “Me? I know nothing about the operation of an attack cruiser.”
“I’ll teach you everything I know,” Rossi said. “You’ll be an expert by the time we get to Earth.”
Tam laughed. “I don’t know. . . .”
“Come on,” Red urged. “You’re not going to like sitting behind a desk while Leek and I are kicking Purist ass on Earth.”
Tam raised his eyebrows and nodded. “That’s true. You two might blow the mission without my guidance.”
“That’s right,” Red agreed, smiling.
“Okay, let’s do it,” Tam said. “Commanding an attack cruiser might be fun. I’ll have to check with Lorin and Threebeard first, but I doubt they’ll have a problem with it.”
“It will be like old times—you, me, and Leek against Rupra Bruda and his goons,” Red said excitedly. “This will be fun.”
With that, Tam stood up and grinned. “Okay, so who’s going to give me a tour of my new ship?”


A knock on the door awakened Lorin from a deep sleep. She looked at her wrist array and saw it was 0603. Who’d be calling at this hour? she wondered. She got up, grabbed a robe, and went to her bedroom door.
“What is it?”
“Madam Chancellor,” an aide said. “Commander General Lavendar is on the GC for you. He says it’s urgent.”
“Okay. I’ll be right there.”
Lorin went into her bathroom and looked in the mirror. There were dark circles under her eyes. She hated to be seen without makeup but decided the best she could do was run the comb through her hair a few times. When she thought she was presentable enough, she stepped outside and walked to her office. Her security officer was waiting there for her.
“The Commander General is calling from Clarion,” he advised.
“All right, thank you. You can go back to your post,” she said, taking the GC from him. The officer nodded and left.
“Hello,” Lorin said, suppressing a yawn.
“Chancellor. I’m sorry for waking you but something incredible has happened.”
“What’s that?” she asked sleepily.
Tam explained how Earth’s Destiny had been hijacked by the Wiggins Engineering workers and finally abandoned by the Purists when they left Clarion. He told her about the plan to take it to Earth under his command. Her excitement grew as she listened to the incredible story.
“That is indeed an extraordinary turn of events, but I’m a little worried about approving your request. Of course, my gut feeling is to say yes. With Earth’s Destiny, the chances of successfully defeating the Fleet would be greatly enhanced, but I’ve just asked the General Assembly to authorize the construction of six new attack cruisers. If one is dropped in my lap and I send it off to Earth rather than use it here for Tarizon’s defense, it would leave me open to serious criticism.”
“What if the General Assembly didn’t find out?”
“But they will. Even if you get everyone’s oath of secrecy, someone will mention it to a mate or leak it to the media. These kinds of things have a way of being discovered. Then I’d look even worse.”
“So, what do you want me to do?”
“Give me a few loons. I think I’ll call the Chairman of the General Assembly’s Executive Committee and put this problem on his shoulders. He’s asked to be consulted on matters of this sort, so I’ll consult him. Let’s let him put his neck on the line for a change—see how he likes it.”
Tam chuckled. “Sounds good to me.”
“Continue your preparations for takeoff. I can always recall you if need be.”
“Will do.”
“I’ll call you back as soon as I know anything,” Lorin said and disconnected.
She looked up Senator Drul’s number and punched it into her GC. One of his staff members answered the phone.
“This is the Chancellor. I need to talk to Senator Drul immediately.”
“Right now?” he asked incredulously. “He’s in bed asleep.”
“Yes, right now. Get him up. Hurry! It’s a matter of great urgency.”
A few loons later a sleepy Senator Drul answered. “Hello.”
“Senator. Good morning!” Lorin said cheerily.
“It’s not morning yet,” Senator Drul complained.
“Maybe not, but you said you wanted to be advised of any important decisions I had to make, right?”
“Yes. Yes, that’s right,” he said, suddenly sounding more alert.
“Well, as you know we recently attacked the Fleet in hopes of delaying their departure for Earth.”
“Yes, you told us that.”
“Well, it seems we managed to disable a battle cruiser, Earth’s Destiny.”
“Excellent. That’s great news, but couldn’t you have waited until after breakfast to tell me?”
“It gets better. It seems our saboteurs were able to hijack the ship before it could be scuttled. There was a fierce battle but the Fleet was forced to abandon it.”
“Really?”
“So, we have a crew standing by to take the ship to Earth to back up our three shuttles with some serious firepower. Commander General Lavendar has agreed to command it. As you know, having an attack cruiser will improve our chances of success against the Fleet immeasurably.”
“Yes, I suppose it would.”
“Unfortunately, Earth’s Destiny must leave now or it won’t get to Earth in time to do any good. So, I just wanted to get your opinion as to what I should do. I’m leaning toward giving the go-ahead unless you can think of a good reason not to. What do you think?”
Senator Drul cleared his throat. “Ah. Well, I should call the other members of the committee and discuss it with them.”
“How long will that take?”
“I’m sure I could have an answer for you by noon probably.”
“Noon? No, that’s too late. The Fleet’s already left. I’ve got to make a decision now.”
“But—”
“But what? Do you think I should do it or not? Don’t you think it would be better to defeat the Purists on Earth rather than let them come back to Tarizon when they will probably be much stronger?”
“I suppose, but—”
“Then you agree Earth’s Destiny should leave immediately.”
“No, I didn’t say that. I need to consult the others.”
“Well, is there any compelling reason why it shouldn’t leave for Earth immediately?”
“I don’t know. You expect me to analyze something this complex in a couple of tiks.”
“Unfortunately, that’s all the time we have. A decision has to be made now.”
Senator Drul sighed. “I need to talk to the rest of the committee.”
Lorin sighed in desperation. “If you have any argument for or against Earth’s Destiny’s departure to Earth I need it now!”
“I need to think about it.”
“I’ll take that as a no. Thank you, Senator, for your input. I really appreciate it.”
Lorin hung up and took a breath. She knew Senator Drul would be angry about being put on the spot, but that was just too bad. He had wanted to be consulted, so she consulted him. If he didn’t have any meaningful input, that was his problem. She got Tam back on the line.
“Okay, I’ve made my decision,” she said. “You should leave at once. I’ll call General Zitor and explain what’s happened. He’ll have to get someone to take your command.”
“Thank you, Madam Chancellor.”
“Good luck to you, my friend. Tell everyone who helped commandeer Earth’s Destiny that we are in their debt, and that we will pray for their safe return to Tarizon.”
“I will, Madam Chancellor,” Tam said. “Thank you.”
As Lorin was hanging up, Ruffe Marcuzzi walked in. Lorin felt embarrassed at receiving him while still wearing her robe. She asked him to get some sankee for the two of them while she dressed. When she returned to her office, there was a steaming cup on her desk. She took a sip and then began filling Marcuzzi in on Tam’s call and her consultation with Senator Drul.
“So, you’ve had a busy morning already.”
“Yes, indeed.”
“That’s great news about Earth’s Destiny,” Marcuzzi said.
“Yes, it is. God and Sandee must be with us.”
“Indeed.”
“So, how is our interstellar communications link project coming along?” Lorin asked.
“General Zitor told me yesterday they’d put beacons on both shuttles. I’ll call him and tell him to be sure some are sent up to Earth’s Destiny immediately. The rest of the beacons are under construction and should be ready when the first of the other shuttles is ready to launch, which will be in about ten days. The plan is to launch a new shuttle every fifteen days.”
“Excellent. I hope the link will work after the trouble we’re taking to set it up.”
“Me too. General Zitor is pretty confident that it will.”
“Speaking of General Zitor. I need to talk to him about Tam.”
“Right. Should I get him on the line for you?”
Lorin thought a moment then looked at her wrist array.
“Not right now. I need to bring him up-to-date, but it can wait until after breakfast. I’m famished and I’d like to eat before my conference call with Tehra in twenty loons.”
“Is she still at Marlais Beach?” Marcuzzi asked.
“Yes. I told her there was no need to rush back home.”
“All right. So, you’ll be eating in the dining room?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll notify the cook.”
“Thank you, Ruffe.”
After Marcuzzi had gone, she turned on the VC to get the morning news. A story was on about the restoration of the Leesell Cathedral, which had been destroyed during the attack on Shini. The story was interrupted by breaking news. A news commentator came on the screen.
“Tributon News has just learned from reliable sources that the attack cruiser Earth’s Destiny has been captured by Loyalist forces on Clarion. In a daring attack, the ship was hijacked and occupied by workers at the Clarion spaceport. Informed sources have advised us the ship is being readied for immediate departure to Earth. As we reported earlier, two shuttles have already left for Earth to warn authorities there of the Fleet’s approach and its hostile intentions. We’ve also been told that Earth’s Destiny will be commanded by Commander General Tamurus Lavendar.”
Marcuzzi returned from the kitchen and silently stood next to Lorin.
“Several members of the General Assembly’s Executive Committee, when asked to comment on this new development, indicated the Chancellor’s decision to send Earth’s Destiny was premature and reckless. They admitted being advised of but not consulted on the matter.”
Lorin shut off the VC in disgust. “That dirty skutz! I asked for his opinion but he refused to give it to me. What am I supposed to do, jeopardize the entire mission because he’s a coward?”
“You gave him the opportunity to give you input and he couldn’t handle it,” Marcuzzi said. “It’s not your fault.”
“And what gives him the right to go straight to the media? He should have treated my conversation with him as confidential. I’m tempted to have him arrested.”
“Consultations with the General Assembly Executive Committee regarding matters of world security are confidential unless you authorize release of such information,” Marcuzzi reminded her. “Did you tell Drul your discussion was a matter of world security?”
“I didn’t specifically say those words, but that was a given,” Lorin said. “He knew that. Why would he immediately leak it to the media? He’s obviously trying to turn the General Assembly against me.”
Marcuzzi shrugged. “You could ask for an investigation by the Council of Interpreters, but if there is any ambiguity, they probably won’t want to come down on a senator.”
“You’re probably right, but I can still threaten him with an investigation if he gives me any grief.”
“True. A threat of action often is better than actually carrying it out.”
After Lorin had cooled down somewhat, she hurried to the dining room and ate breakfast. When she was done she went to the conference room where Tehra and Sophilo’s images already appeared on the big screen.  
“Hi. Sorry I’m late, but it’s been one of those days,” Lorin said as she took a seat and peered up at them.
“I can imagine,” Tehra replied.
“So, are you enjoying your vacation?”
“Yes, I just wish Leek and Lucinda were still here. We were having so much fun together.”
“I know. I’m so sorry,” Lorin said apologetically.
“It’s okay, I understand you had no choice under the circumstances.”
“Right. . . . Boy, Sophilo is getting so big,” Lorin remarked. “I can’t believe how much he’s grown.”
“Yes,” Tehra said. “And he looks just like his father.”
“Speaking of Leek’s father. It suddenly occurred to me that you probably know as much or more than anybody here about the Repopulation Project.”
“Yes, I got a full briefing before being assigned to be Stan’s guide.”
“I’m familiar with how it worked here on Tarizon, but I have no experience with the project’s actual operation on Earth. Could you fill in that blank for me?”
“Sure. My experience was with the southwest region, under Commander Kulchz. The program was actually operated by the American CIA. They used the FBI’s witness protection program as a model. Each Tarizonian would be given a social security card, driver’s license, birth certificate, a place to live, and a job. Guides were assigned to help anyone who had trouble adjusting. Each Tarizonian participant was supposed to mingle with the native population, find a suitable mate as quickly as possible, get married, and have children. After a few years, when the children were old enough to travel back to Tarizon, they’d be extracted.”
“I understand that pretty much. Tell me more about what Kulchz himself did. I want to know about how the program was administered, what support personnel were needed, how the program was financed, and how closely you worked with the CIA.”
“Well, for example, medical clinics were established and manned by Tarizonian doctors. That was because of the slight variations in anatomy between Earth humans and Tarizonians. Also, our medical technology is much more advanced, so our people expected a standard of treatment comparable to what’s available on Tarizon.”
“I see. What about financing?”
“We financed the project by selling precious metals to the government in exchange for currency. The money was then invested in various business enterprises around the globe.”
“So, there were a lot of Tarizonians living on Earth and operating various businesses?”
“Yes, the money going to our residents there had to appear legitimate. It couldn’t just come out of thin air.”
“I understand. Any idea how many Tarizonians in all were involved in this business operation?”
“No. Sorry. I know they called Stan in because one of those business, executives tried to go independent and run off with millions of dollars.”
“What about security for the project? And what kind of military capability did we have on Earth while you were there?”
“Kulchz had several hundred soldiers under his command, and there were eighteen fighters aboard the shuttle, but there were soldiers on the ground as well. I don’t know how many exactly. I do know they had a quick response time when there was trouble.”
“When the war broke out, did most of our people come back to Tarizon, you think?”
“No. Earth is a beautiful place, so why would they return to a contaminated planet at war? Most used the war as an excuse to stay.”
“So, how many Tarizonians do you think there are on Earth now?”
“I don’t know. Thousands, I’m sure.”
Lorin thought for a moment. She was concerned that Leek might have a problem making contact with his father and the CIA when they reached Earth. She hadn’t realized the extent of the TGA’s infiltration of Earth’s society. She’d been under the mistaken belief that most Tarizonians had returned to Tarizon when the war broke out and the Tarizon Repopulation Project ended. That’s what the General Assembly had initially ordered. She now realized that Videl Lai had countermanded that order, so he’d have allies on Earth when he brought the Fleet there.
“How loyal are Kulchz’ soldiers to him?”
“About a third defected when the civil war broke out. The rest remained loyal. I suspect Kulchz paid them well and promised them many rewards.”
“Probably,” Lorin agreed. “I’m starting to understand how the Purists intend to conquer Earth. Earth is so big, I had wondered how they could do it with six attack cruisers and a few thousand planes, but now I realize they already have an occupation force in place. All the Purists need to do is threaten to unleash the Fleet on them if they don’t capitulate. I must say it’s a brilliant plan.”
“Yes, particularly since the average American doesn’t even know alien life exists. I think the U.S. government made a big mistake when they decided to keep the project a secret. Now, when the Fleet shows up there’s going to be a general panic, which will play right into the hands of the Purists.”
Sophilo began to whimper. Lorin smiled at him. “I’m sorry, Sophilo. I didn’t mean to ignore you. I guess I better let you go.”
“Yes, I better feed him,” Tehra said. “It was nice talking to you.”
After the screen went blank Lorin went back to her office. She thought about her conversation with Tehra. She’d been so busy fighting the TGA and performing her duties as chancellor that she’d scarcely given a thought to Earth. Now she realized that had been a mistake, because Videl Lai had been planning the conquest of Earth for many cycles. While Lorin was thinking, Cora came in and informed her General Zitor was on the line.
“Yes, General.”
“Just wanted to let you know Earth’s Destiny and the last of the shuttles are on their way.”
A chill darted down Lorin’s spine. It was done. There was no turning back. “Yes, thank you. That’s good news. Any trouble?”
“Nothing serious. It took them a little while to secure the exposed docking bay, but they managed to get it sealed.”
She told him about her run-in with Senator Drul.
“He’s a skutz,” General Zitor said. “Don’t worry about him.”
“I know, but I’m afraid he’ll try to convince the Assembly to withhold funding of the new Fleet.”
“They wouldn’t dare to do that with the threat of the Fleet’s return to destroy Tarizon.”
“Right. So, what do you think? Will we actually be able to stop the Fleet?”
“I don’t know. There are so many variables.”
She told him about her discussion with Tehra and what she’d learned about the extent of the Tarizonian presence on Earth.
“I suspected as much. Vice Admiral Brunns used to run the project. I’m sure it’s no coincidence that he was assigned to Clarion.”
“I fear it will take a miracle to stop them now.”
General Zitor nodded. “Fortunately, if anyone can pull off a miracle, it will be Leek Lanzia.”

Chapter 14
An Old Friend
Leek woke in a pleasant mood after Lucinda’s surprise ambush when he’d returned to his compartment the night before. It was the first time she’d shown interest in sex since her ordeal in Shisk. 
Leek found himself looking forward to the long trip to Earth, and he relished the thought of being with Lucinda and the baby every day. Then he remembered that he’d called an officers’ meeting right after breakfast to work up a training schedule for the rest of the trip. Now he regretted having set the meeting, as he would have preferred to stay in his compartment all day and play with Lucinda and Tokin.
“Do you really have to go?” Lucinda moaned as she watched Leek getting dressed.
“I wish I didn’t, but I do. It’s important that we maintain discipline and train hard for our mission.”
“Couldn’t you take a little time off? Let everybody have a vacation before you start your training.”
Leek laughed. “No. Do you realize how much the body can deteriorate in just a few days? Particularly out here in space with artificial gravity. It’s important that everyone, including you, get plenty of exercise.”
“What about Tokin? You going to make him exercise, too?”
Leek smiled. “You’re funny.”
Lucinda walked over to him and put her arms around him. “Come back to bed. I’ll make it worthwhile.”
“Don’t tempt me. I’ve got to set an example.”
She grimaced and pushed him away. “You’re no fun. Go plan your torture. Tokin and I will play without you.”
Leek leaned over and gave her a long kiss. “You two have fun. I’ll see you before dinner.”
Lucinda nodded and Leek left to go to his meeting. On the way there, he caught up to Lt. Lei who was just coming out of her medical office. “Good morning, Doc,” Leek said.
“Hi, Commander. Did you get a good night’s sleep?”
“It was a good night. I’m not sure how much sleep I got.”
She gave him a wry smile. “Oh, really?”
Leek raised his eyebrows. “Yeah, I think this is going to be an enjoyable trip.”
“Well, that’s good. You two deserve some fun and relaxation. It will be good for Tokin, too. This is a very formative time in his life. Lots of love and stability will be good for him.”
They arrived at the officers’ conference room. Leek opened the door and held it for Lt. Lei. Every seat was filled, and officers were lined up against the back and side walls. Two seats had been left vacant for Lt. Lei and Leek. They went to their places and sat down. Captain Shilling, who sat at the head of the long conference table, opened the meeting.
“Ladies, gentlemen,” she began. “You all have a general idea of why we are here and the nature of our mission. I don’t have to tell you how important that mission is. The purpose of today’s meeting is to plan and begin the implementation of a program to ensure that, when we reach Earth, we are all in top physical and mental condition and have the necessary training and skills to confront and defeat the Intergalactic Fleet. I know that task looks pretty daunting at this point, so obviously, we have our work cut out for us.
“To start, let me update you on the latest news from Tarizon. We’ve learned that the Fleet has now departed Clarion, which means that we have a two-day head start toward Earth. We have this advantage as a result of the bravery of a group of Clarion workers who managed to sabotage many of the Fleet’s ships. These workers were slated to be executed when the Fleet left, but they were rescued by a special ops team led by our own Captain Levitur, known to most of you as Red.”
The officers applauded in delight.
“Even more importantly, the workers, led by engineer Rossi Sincini, managed to hijack one of the Fleet’s attack cruisers!”
The officers yelled and applauded enthusiastically.
“In fact, that cruiser, Earth’s Destiny, is under repair and will be joining us on our mission to Earth. Its presence will greatly enhance our chances of success against the Fleet.
“Additionally, Commander General Lanzia and the Chancellor have come up with a way for all of our ships to stay in communication throughout the voyage to Earth. Beacons will be dropped periodically along the way to Earth to act as relay points and signal boosters for our radios. In fact, our onboard engineers have already managed to build several of these beacons, and we have been dropping them off periodically as we travel.
“Seeding and servicing these communications links between Tarizon and Earth will not be an easy task. It will require a total of twenty-one shuttles that will be launched to maintain the beacons. These shuttles are being fitted for this duty as we speak. In the meantime, because we have been dropping beacons ourselves, we have been able to maintain communications with Tarizon; that’s how we know everything I’ve just told you. So you can see how important this communications link will be to us. It will give us a decided advantage over the Fleet.
“Finally, we’ve learned that our sister shuttles will be bringing along some more advanced fighters than our T-47s. In fact, Red himself will be flying the very latest T-73 right off the assembly line. This fighter is more advanced than anything in the Fleet and will have stealth capability even in deep space.
“So, as you can see, our situation isn’t quite as desperate as it was when we began this mission. That’s why our session today is so important. We all need to work together to come up with the best program to ensure everyone aboard this ship is at his or her peak readiness on the day we meet the Fleet. So, with that in mind, I’m going to turn the meeting over to Commander Lanzia to discuss flight training and tactics. Then, Lt. Lakee will discuss intelligence and shuttle operations, and, finally, Lt. Lei will talk to us about physical training and mental preparedness.”
Commander General Lanzia, Lt. Lakee, and Lt. Lei each outlined their ideas for training, and the group discussed them in turn. By lunchtime they had agreed on much of the content for the programs. After lunch, Leek was called out of the meeting to speak with the Chancellor via the new deep-space communications network. He went to the bridge and was delighted to see Lorin’s image on the big monitor.
“I can’t believe I’m talking to you,” Leek said. “You really moved fast on the beacon idea.”
“As soon as we thought of it I got our scientists right on it,” Lorin explained. “I asked them if there was any way we could stay in contact with ES 26 as it traveled, and they suggested that the beacons be built aboard the ship and then deployed periodically. Fortunately, they’re not too complicated, and it was feasible to do what they suggested. Of course, if the beacons are not maintained they’ll eventually drift out of position and then we’ll lose contact again.”
“I understand,” Leek said. “Say, that’s great news about Earth’s Destiny. Congratulations!”
“Thank you. Rossi Sincini is responsible for that. He’s a genius. He’ll be invaluable to you on the mission. You’ll need to talk to him and probe him for ideas on how you can get to Earth more quickly, and how to better handle the Fleet when you meet up with it.”
“I’ll do that. How are you holding up?”
“The General Assembly is giving me fits, but other than that, I’m fine. . . . Hey, I saw Tehra and Sophilo.”
“Oh, how are they?”
“Fine. You know, Tehra knows a lot about how the Tarizon Repopulation Project was set up. She’ll be a good resource for you when you start planning your contact with the CIA and American government.”
“That’s right. She would know about that, wouldn’t she?”
“Yes, and I’ve been picking her brain. I’m starting to get a handle on it all.”
Lorin told Leek what she had learned from Tehra about the Repopulation Project, and they discussed it in depth. Then Lorin remembered something she’d forgotten to tell Leek.
“Do you remember your father’s psychiatrist, Dr. Gerhardt? He was exiled to Tarizon at the same time as you.”
“Right. Poor Dr. Gerhardt wasn’t even involved with the Tarizonians and my dad managed to drag him into it.”
“Well, when the war was over I promised him he could return to Earth. He’s on the shuttle with you.”
“Really? You’re kidding. I haven’t seen him.”
“No, you wouldn’t have. He’s down on a lower deck. You should go talk to him. He might be useful in helping you figure out what the Purists will do once they get to Earth.”
“Yeah, I’ll do that.”
“Well, I’m so glad we’ll be able to talk each day. It means a lot to me,” Lorin said.
“Me too. Take care. And don’t let the General Assembly bully you.”
“I won’t.”
The screen went blank. Leek couldn’t believe Dr. Gerhardt was aboard ES 26. He immediately found the ship’s steward, Prova Slanova, and asked where he could find Dr. Gerhardt. The steward was so thrilled to meet Commander General Lanzia that he offered to escort him there personally. Not wanting to offend the man, Leek accepted his offer and followed him down to the passenger deck. Dr. Gerhardt answered the door immediately.
“Dr. Gerhardt!” Leek said enthusiastically.
“Peter? Is that you?”
“Yes, it’s me. I just found out you were on the ship. I’m so glad to see you alive.”
“You’ve grown and are so much bigger and stronger than I remembered.”
“Well, I’ve been through a lot. . . . So, how are you?”
“I’m great now that I’m going back to Earth.”
“What have you been doing since your abduction?”
“I’ve been counseling Earthchildren, if you can believe that. The sudden change from Earth to Tarizon can be quite traumatic.”
“Yes. I can vouch for that. . . . So, you were working out of the spaceport in Shisk?”
“Yes, until the war broke out. Then I fled with the other Loyalists to Shini.”
“Wow. I am so sorry my dad got you into this mess. You must hate him and me.”
“No. On the contrary, you and your father have afforded me an experience few will ever have. When I get back to Earth I will have so much to tell. I’ve got a book already outlined.”
“Well, I hope things work out so you’ll be able to get it published. I guess you know the Intergalactic Fleet is heading to Earth.”
“Yes, and I’m counting on you to stop it.”
Leek laughed. “Right. Well, in order to do that, I may need your help.”
“My help? What could I do?”
“We need to outmaneuver the Purists if we are to be successful. That means getting into their heads and predicting what they will do when they get to Earth. Since you are an expert on human behavior you could help us do that.”
“That would be fun. I’d be happy to help.”
“Good. I’ll send you as much information about the Fleet’s command staff as we can pull together. You can study it and hopefully get a feel for them. We also have all the writings of Videl Lai and Rupra Bruda, which you can read. You can become our resident expert on the Purist Party and its beliefs.”
“Okay, that sounds good.”
“I don’t know if you ever met Tehra Connolly, my father’s legal assistant on Earth.”
“No, I don’t think I did.”
“She was actually a Tarizonian assigned to him as a guide.”
“Really. I didn’t know that.”
“I’d like you to talk to her, too. She knew a lot about the Tarizon Repopulation Project while she was on Earth, and worked with several of its leaders, like Kulchz and Vice Admiral Brunns. I think she could give you some important insight into the sorts of people we’ll be facing.”
“Yes, of course. That’s a good idea, Peter.”
Leek shook his head and smiled. “I am so relieved that you’ve survived this ordeal. I felt so bad when I found out they’d abducted you, too. It will be nice to be working with you. I know my father thought the world of you.”
“Yes, your father is a dedicated man. A little obsessive at times, if I may say so, but that’s often necessary these days for success.”
Leek laughed. “Okay, Doc, I’ve got to get back to my post. I’ll be seeing you soon. Welcome aboard.”
Leek and Dr. Gerhardt shook hands and Leek left. He felt good seeing his dad’s old friend from Earth, and he felt certain Dr. Gerhardt would be a valuable advisor as they developed a strategy for defending Earth. 
As Leek wandered through the maze of corridors to the lift, he wondered if all the incredible effort they were putting into saving Earth would make a difference in the end. Were they just deluding themselves? His stomach tightened as he imagined the consequences of failure. Could Earth really be conquered by the Purists? If so, would they toss aside the Constitution and the Bill of Rights like they had the Supreme Mandate? He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, trying to relax. But the constant, gnawing pain in his stomach would not go away.

Chapter 15
Traitor
Evohn Cystrom sat at his desk pondering the loss of Earth’s Destiny and its impact on Operation Conquest Earth. He was angry at the admiral for deciding to leave it behind. He agreed that time was critical, but losing over sixteen percent of your military firepower was a big sacrifice just to make up time. 
Since the failed attempt to scuttle Earth’s Destiny, Cystrom had quietly complained to everyone who would listen how poorly Vice Admiral Brunns had handled the scuttling, although he was careful not to blame it on the Vice Admiral directly. 
“The ship was left wide open for anyone to go aboard,” Captain Cystrom complained to Lt. Hanze. 
“Someone should have scanned for life-forms and secured the ship before we took off.”
“Exactly,” Captain Cystrom agreed. “When someone volunteers to do something they should do it right. If we can’t handle a simple thing like scuttling a ship, what’s going to happen when we get to Earth and face greater challenges? We can’t afford mistakes on a mission as important as OCE.” 
Just then the ship’s steward walked in. “Excuse me, sir. I have your census completed.”
“Good,” Captain Cystrom replied. “So, who are our traitors?”
“Nobody, sir. All hands are present.”
“Really, then who was aboard Earth’s Destiny when it fired on us?”
“It must have been some of the workers who disappeared just before the raid. It’s been determined that many of the delays we experienced were the result of deliberate sabotage.”
“Sabotage? Those dirty skutz! They were trying to keep us from leaving, so the Loyalist shuttle would get a head start and beat us to Earth.”
“That appears to be the case, sir,” the steward agreed.
Cystrom stood up and began pacing back and forth.
“Is there any way we could catch up with them, sir?” Lt. Hanze asked.
“No. But we can arrange a small welcoming party for them when they get to Earth,” Captain Cystrom replied thoughtfully.
“A welcoming party?” Lt. Hanze repeated.
“Yes. We have a number of shuttles on Earth. We’ll be in communications range at least a day or two before the first Loyalist shuttle arrives, so we can set up an ambush for them and spring it on them before they make it to Earth. Shuttles aren’t great war machines, but we’ll outnumber them and we’ll have the element of surprise.”
“Very good, sir. I shall greatly enjoy seeing Commander General Lanzia blown up along with his ship,” Lt. Hanze said.
“Yes. That would be sweet revenge, wouldn’t it? But this sabotage business worries me.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, are we sure the workers instigated it on their own? It would seem they would have needed help.”
“You think one of us is a traitor?” Lt. Hanze asked.
“Think about it. How could someone hijack a Fleet attack cruiser without inside help?”
“Yes, but who among us would do something like that? What would be the motivation?”
“I’m not sure. But one wonders how so many men could get aboard so quickly and easily after the ship was abandoned. One wonders why the ship’s computers weren’t shut down and then disabled so that its systems couldn’t have been powered up again. It seems like an obvious precaution in any scuttle operation.”
Lt. Hanze pondered that thought for a moment and then replied, “You’re right, Captain. It was sloppy work, but I’m sure it wasn’t intentional.”
“Maybe not, but consider this: What if, when the time comes to communicate to our shuttles on Earth, the same person who tried to delay our departure sabotages our communications?”
“That would be a disaster.”
“Precisely. Therefore, we must find the traitor, whomever it might be.”
“Surely it’s not the Vice Admiral?”
“I don’t know who it is, but don’t you think there ought to be an investigation?”
“Yes, I suppose so,” Lt. Hanze agreed. “Are you going to suggest it to the admiral?”
“Will you support me if I do?”
“I’d support a general investigation without pointing any fingers,” the Lieutenant said carefully.
“Of course. Good. We should bring it up at tomorrow’s executive officers’ meeting.”
Lt. Hanze nodded and left the room. He was soon replaced by Lt. Lethrow.
“So, how did that go?” Lethrow asked.
“Fine. The admiral will have to order an investigation if half of his executive officers call for it.”
“Right. So, what do you want me to do? Put a bullet in his head and make it look like suicide?”
“No, no. That’s too sloppy and could backfire on us. I think you need to help the person put in charge of the investigation find some incriminating evidence pointing to our dear Vice Admiral.”
“Yes, of course. I can do that.”
“It must be something substantial that the admiral cannot ignore.”
Lt. Lethrow smiled. “Just leave it to me. I’ll make it so bad he’ll save us the trouble and just commit suicide.”
Captain Cystrom returned the smile. “That’s exactly what we need.”
The next day when Captain Cystrom arrived for the executive officers’ meeting it had already begun. The admiral was talking about the steward’s report confirming that all hands were on board and accounted for.
“This is good news,” the admiral said, “but it’s not conclusive as to whether someone on the ship was involved in the sabotage. As Lt. Hanze pointed out earlier, we can’t afford to have a saboteur aboard the ship. Such a person could conceivably jeopardize OCE. So we must find this traitor and execute him before he can do any serious damage to our mission.”
“How can we find him?” Captain Cystrom asked.
“By conducting a very thorough investigation of the incident and everyone involved in the scuttle operation.”
“Who’s going to conduct the investigation?” Captain Cystrom asked.
The admiral put his hand on the shoulder of the man sitting to his right. “I’ve asked our chief counselor, Captain Sol Lamh, to conduct the investigation, and I’ve given him broad authority to question everyone and search all personal effects for evidence. I will expect full cooperation. Would you like to say anything, Captain?”
Captain Lamh stood up and nodded respectfully. His pale skin contrasted sharply with his slick black hair. He was a tall, thin man with penetrating eyes. 
“Admiral, fellow officers. I know nobody likes an intrusion into their personal lives, but unfortunately, such an intrusion is the only way to properly investigate this type of security breach. I’ll try to be respectful of everyone’s time and property if they fully cooperate with me. However, if anyone is other than open and candid, that will raise suspicions, and I will be forced to act accordingly.”
“How will the investigation be conducted?” Vice Admiral Brunns asked.
“Initially, your compartments will be searched, and then we will question you individually. If all of the officers are cleared then we will work our way through the rest of the crew. It will obviously take some time.”
“When will you search our compartments?” Captain Cystrom asked.
“They are being searched as we speak,” Captain Lamh replied.
“Now?” Vice Admiral Brunns protested. “Without giving us any notice?”
“What does it matter, Vice Admiral? You don’t have anything to hide, do you?”
Vice Admiral Brunns cleared his throat. “No, but this is an invasion of privacy.” 
Captain Cystrom smiled and looked at Lt. Lethrow, who appeared bored with the entire matter. “We have no privacy, Vice Admiral,” Captain Cystrom reminded him. “We gave that up when we joined the TGA.”
The Vice Admiral glared at Captain Cystrom but didn’t say anything. He didn’t think he had anything in his compartment to be concerned about but still felt uneasy about someone going through his things.
Lt. Muri listened with great apprehension. There was nothing incriminating in her compartment but she knew it wouldn’t be hard for someone to plant something there. She also knew Evohn Cystrom hated her and wouldn’t hesitate to discredit her if he had the opportunity. But more than that she feared the scrutiny of her body and mind. There were secrets there she couldn’t afford for anyone to discover.  
“So, that is all for now. Someone from my investigation team will contact you when we are ready to question you,” Captain Lamh concluded.
The briefing ended and everyone got up to leave. Captain Lamh stopped Captain Cystrom and asked him to stay behind for his interrogation. Cystrom nodded and sat back down. When the room had cleared Captain Lamh began.
“Ordinarily I would have Omarh Zinz here with me for the interrogation. He’s telepathic and would know if you were telling the truth or not, but I know you are telepathic yourself, so you know how to guard your mind.”
“Don’t worry. I have nothing to hide,” Cystrom said.
“Right. So, I understand you did not participate in the scuttle operation?”
“No, I didn’t,” Cystrom replied.
“Why was that?”
“I didn’t think Earth’s Destiny should be scuttled. We needed it desperately for the mission’s success. So when Vice Admiral Brunns said he would handle the scuttling himself, I was glad. I didn’t want any part in it.”
“Where were you when the scuttle operation was taking place?”
“With Rupra Bruda in his quarters.”
“What were you doing there?”
“We were discussing how foolish it was to scuttle Earth’s Destiny.”
“Did you communicate with anyone off the ship during the scuttling operation?”
“No. Not until after we had been attacked.”
“I’ve been told that you have been highly critical of Vice Admiral Brunns’ handling of the scuttling operation. Is that true?”
“Yes, that’s true,” Captain Cystrom said, and he explained that the Vice Admiral had botched the job. “But that’s just my opinion,” he added.
“Well, Tahma Bruda has confirmed your alibi and his compartment array recorded your entry and exit, so you appear to be in the clear.”
Captain Cystrom nodded. “Thank you. May I go, then?”
“Yes, you may. Thank you, Captain.”
Captain Cystrom left the briefing room and went to the bridge to talk to Lt. Lethrow. He was worried that the Lieutenant may have forgotten about the compartment security array when he entered the Vice Admiral’s quarters to plant evidence. Lt. Lethrow was sitting in the Captain’s chair when Cystrom got there. He motioned for the Lieutenant to join him in a quiet area off the bridge so they could talk. Lt. Lethrow asked his junior officer to take the helm for a moment and went to talk to Captain Cystrom.
“Did you take care of what we talked about?” the Captain whispered.
Lt. Lethrow nodded. “Yes, I did it during dinner last night.”
“What about the door array? It records everyone’s entry and exit.”
“Hey, I’m not stupid. There was a power loss for five loons last night. The array was down.”
Captain Cystrom let out a sigh of relief. “I figured you’d gotten around that somehow, but this Sol Lamh guy is pretty smart. We’ve got to be careful from now on. I’m worried about your upcoming interview.”
“Why? They won’t get anything out of me.”
“Not knowingly, but Lamh has someone on his team who is telepathic. He’ll probably be present when you’re questioned. He can read your mind, Rohr.”
“Really? So, what are we going to do?”
“Come around late tonight. I think I can teach you how to guard your mind.”
“All right. I’ll come after my watch is over.”
Captain Cystrom left the bridge and headed for the officers’ dining room to have lunch. He was anxious to talk about the investigation to whomever was there. He wondered if they’d found anything in the Vice Admiral’s quarters. Before he reached the dining room, he saw Omarh Zinz and a security officer escorting Vice Admiral Brunns to the lift. It appeared he might be under arrest. Captain Cystrom’s spirits soared. 
Inside the dining room he saw Lt. Muri. He went over to her.
“So, did I see them taking Vice Admiral Brunns away?”
“Yes, they just came for him.”
“What happened?” Cystrom asked.
She shrugged. “Someone said they found something in his quarters.”
“Really? I wonder what it was.”
“I don’t know,” she said feigning concern.
“It’s hard to believe he could be the traitor.”
Lt. Muri glared at him. “He’s not a traitor and you know it.”
Captain Cystrom frowned. “I wouldn’t have thought so, but I barely know the man.”
“Well, I know him well and if they found something incriminating in his quarters, it must have been planted there!” she snapped.
Captain Cystrom raised both hands and backed off. “Relax, Lieutenant. Maybe they’re just taking him down for questioning. They’ve questioned me already. Have they gotten to you yet?”
“No, not yet,” she said, her features softening. “I’m sorry for snapping at you, Captain. I’m just so worried. It can’t be him.” 
A tear rolled down one cheek. Captain Cystrom took a handkerchief out of his pocket and wiped it away. Lt. Muri responded by putting her arms around him and resting her head on his shoulder. He accepted her embrace awkwardly, not knowing what to do.
The door to the dining room opened and the admiral walked in. He did a double take. His eyes narrowed and he cleared his throat. Captain Cystrom backed away from the embrace quickly, but Lt. Muri tried to hang on, nearly falling as Captain Cystrom stepped away from her. The admiral caught her by the arm.
“What in the name of God is going on?”
“Ah. Lt. Muri was upset at seeing the Vice Admiral taken away. I was just trying to comfort her,” Captain Cystrom said, recovering his composure.
“Of course,” the admiral snorted. “Executive officers’ meeting in ten loons. You both need to be there.”
Captain Cystrom looked at Lt. Muri and caught her smiling. He shook his head in disgust and left to find Lt. Lethrow. He asked the junior officer on the bridge if he’d seen Lethrow and was directed to the communications office. He found the Lieutenant and took him aside.
“That female skutz just set me up!” Captain Cystrom said.
“What? How’d she do that?”
He explained what happened. “Now the admiral thinks I’m after his bed mate.”
“She’s a sly one. So much for your promotion to Vice Admiral.”
“Don’t count me out just yet,” Cystrom spat. “You don’t think I’m going to let some little slut like that stop me.”
“No, but what can you do about it?”
“I’m not sure yet, but I’ll think of something. In the meantime, the Captain has called an executive officers’ meeting. We need to get up there right away—we don’t want to miss the Vice Admiral’s humiliation. I assume it’s going to be good.”
Lt. Lethrow smiled wryly. “Well, of course it is.”
The room was packed when they arrived and they both had to stand against the wall. The admiral was seated and had a glum look. Vice Admiral Brunns was nowhere to be seen. After a few tiks the admiral stood up.
“Ladies and gentlemen. I’m saddened to report that we have found our traitor. Saddened because it turns out to be one we all know well, one we have admired and respected for many cycles. I’ll let Captain Lamh explain.”
The counselor stood. “Yes, it is indeed a tragic day for us all,” he said. “It turns out our traitor is Vice Admiral Brunns.”
There were gasps of shock. Lt. Muri dropped her head into her lap and covered her face. She was greatly relieved that she’d escaped close scrutiny but didn’t want anyone to know it. The admiral sank back in his chair, seemingly defeated.
The counselor continued. “In the course of our investigation, we discovered that while on Earth the Vice Admiral accumulated considerable wealth in his own name, and still maintains a family there. We found letters written to his ‘wife’ outlining his plans to desert the military and to rejoin that family. Obviously, it was the Vice Admiral’s plan to sabotage our operation and to escape to Earth. It seems his only interest in the Intergalactic Fleet was as a ticket back to Earth so he could rejoin his family.”
“But Captain,” Lt. Muri asked. “How do you know these letters are authentic? Did the Vice Admiral admit his intentions?”
“No. He denies the content of the letters but in probing his mind we found other things. He does not believe in our Purist principals. He has many mutant friends and treats his seafolken slaves just as he would his own people. We also suspect that the story of his hatred for the nanomites is a lie he made up to make us believe he was one of us.”
“I don’t believe that,” Lt. Muri said, shaking her head dramatically.
“Believe it, Lieutenant. It is very likely that our Vice Admiral would have contacted authorities on Earth to warn them of our intentions as soon as he got the chance. Over the ten cycles he lived on Earth he made many friends in high places. They may have, in fact, recruited him as a spy. You know the Americans are known for their propensity to spy on their friends as well as their enemies.”
Lt. Muri looked away and sighed. “Thank you, Captain,” the admiral said. “That will be all for now. Dismissed. Ah, Captain Cystrom. Please stay a moment longer. I’d like a word with you.”
“Yes, sir,” Captain Cystrom replied as adrenalin rushed through him. He wondered if he was about to meet the admiral’s wrath over his perceived indiscretion with Lt. Muri. The room emptied, and the admiral nodded to Captain Cystrom to sit. They both sat down.
“Admiral,” Captain Cystrom said. “I wanted to explain what you saw earlier today. I was quite shocked and dismayed when Lt. Muri embraced me. It’s the first time I’ve ever had any, uh, physical contact with her—”
The admiral shook his head. “I know. I know. That woman is so clingy sometimes. Frankly, it’s rather annoying. The Vice Admiral was like a father to her. As you can see she’s taking his treason rather poorly.”
“Yes, sir,” Captain Cystrom said, greatly relieved.
“What I wanted to talk to you about was the matter of filling in the void left by the Vice Admiral’s demotion. I’m thinking about promoting you to Vice Admiral and making you second in command.”
“I’d be honored, sir.”
“Are you up for it? It will be a tremendous responsibility.”
“I understand, sir. I won’t let you down.”
“Frankly, there are others more qualified than you, but being Videl’s adopted son, I think, gives you an advantage. The people will respect you and won’t dare question your integrity and commitment to our cause. Rupra Bruda speaks very highly of you. In fact, he has persuaded me that you should be the one to rule Earth once the conquest is completed.”
“But what about you, sir?”
“Me? I’m a military man, not a politician. I will stand aside once our mission is accomplished. I know better than to spar with a determined politician.”
Captain Cystrom smiled wryly. “Yes, sir. You are a wise man.”
“Very well, then. It’s settled. Congratulations, Vice Admiral.” 

Chapter 16
Earth’s Destiny

Red declined the offer of a tour of Earth’s Destiny because he had a shuttle to catch. Next stop: planet Earth.
He said his goodbyes and returned to base to prepare for the upcoming launch. Meanwhile Rossi, Rep, and Paalo escorted Tam and Colonel Belmoht onto the attack cruiser and showed them around. They were overwhelmed by the ship’s size and complexity.
“You think we can handle this thing?” Tam asked.
“Yes, for now, but we’ll need more crew members eventually,” Rossi replied.
Tam thought a moment. “I’ll call Lorin and see what she can do. We’ll need as many fighters as we can find, too. There’s no reason to take an empty ship to Earth.”
“That makes sense,” Rossi said. “I’ll start work on sealing off the cargo hold. It shouldn’t take but a kyloon or two. Rep, you and Paalo go see how many of the workers want to go with us to Earth. Get us as many volunteers as you can. Don’t worry about their qualifications. We’ll provide on-the-job training.”
“Right,” Rep said. Paalo nodded and they both left.
“I’ll do the same with our own crew,” Col. Belmoht said. “They’ll all probably want to go, but I should give them an out since a trip to Earth wasn’t ever mentioned to them.”
“Yes, this is a risky mission,” Tam agreed. “They should understand they may not see Tarizon again.”
Colonel Belmoht and Rossi left, and Tam began fiddling with the ship’s com system, trying to figure out how it worked. He eventually succeeded and punched the Chancellor’s number into the system’s dialer. He got through immediately but was advised that Lorin was in bed. Tam apologized for calling after hours, but assured Lorin’s security officer the matter was urgent and she should be awakened. 
Lorin was a little out of sorts when she first came on but woke up quickly when she heard the news about the attack cruiser’s capture, and Rossi Sincini’s belief that it could be flown to Earth.
“But the storage holds are empty,” Tam reported. “Apparently all the fighters were transferred to other ships, so we’ll need you to send as many fighters as possible up here immediately.”
“I’ll see what I can do. How many will it hold?”
“Three hundred and one is its maximum capacity. We’ll need a couple of transport ships as well in case we have to transfer soldiers to the surface, so about 299 fighters plus a pair of transport ships should do it.”
“All right,” Lorin said. “I’ll work on that, but I can’t give you the go-ahead immediately. I need to confer with the General Assembly. Still, proceed as if you already have my consent, Tam. I can always call you back if I have to.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
After closing the connection, Tam walked around Earth’s Destiny’s bridge, familiarizing himself with as many of its features as he could. The ship’s instrumentation dazzled him; he couldn’t wait to find out how everything worked. He flipped on the big monitor and saw Tarizon in the distance. The image took his breath away. Tam had never traveled into deep space and he couldn’t believe he’d actually be commanding such an amazing craft as it traveled through space to its final destination, Earth. 
There was a commotion behind him. He turned around and saw Rep and Paalo leading in a half dozen men.
“Commander General,” Paalo said. “I’ve found thirteen volunteers.”
Tam smiled, and Paalo introduced the group of volunteers to him. Tam wondered if this ragtag, impromptu crew would be capable of running the ship. Paalo seemed to anticipate his concern. 
“These guys are the ones responsible for hijacking Earth’s Destiny,” Paalo explained. “In less than ten loons they took over control of the ship, severed all communications with the Fleet, fired up the defense systems, and manned four laser turrets. Before the Fleet knew what was happening they’d launched an all-out attack on the other five attack cruisers, driving them all off Clarion.”
Tam laughed. “Quite an extraordinary accomplishment, no doubt about that. Congratulations to you all! And welcome aboard. It will be my pleasure to serve as your commanding officer.”
They all made an attempt at a salute.
Tam laughed again. “Very good. I’ll tell you what: You can teach me how to fly this bird and I’ll teach you how to properly salute an officer. How about that?”
They were grinning as Paalo led them off to start readying the ship for takeoff. A few tiks later Colonel Belmoht returned with eleven of his crewmen. “Everyone we brought with us wants to serve on Earth’s Destiny, sir,” he said.
“Good. Then we can stow our ship on board in case we need passenger transport on Earth.”
“Very good, sir,” Col. Belmoht said. “I’ll have it loaded on board immediately. Any word on our fighters?”
“Yes. The Chancellor is working on that as we speak. Hopefully they’ll be delivered and loaded before we are ready for takeoff.”
“Good, sir. Where do you want these men assigned?”
Tam gave them all a quick glance. “We need a communications specialist. Can any of you handle that job?” 
One of them raised his hand. “Yes, sir. That was my position on Earth Shuttle 13,” he said.
“Good. What’s your name?”
“Flight Specialist 1st Class, Grugger, sir.”
“Specialist Grugger. You’ll stay here on the bridge. Go find your station and familiarize yourself with it.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Any navigators among you?”
Another one raised his hand. “I was second in my class in navigation at Pogo Flight School,” said another of the volunteers.
“What’s your name?”
“Second Lieutenant Alvin Jones, sir.”
“An Earthchild?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Are you anxious to see Earth again?”
“Yes, sir. I was seven years old when I left. I remember it well.”
“Good. Did they teach you anything about space navigation?”
“Ah. Not really, sir.”
Tam sighed. “Well, fortunately the ship’s computer is already programmed for the flight to Earth, so that will give you time to study. I think Mr. Sincini can probably teach you what you need to know since he’s been to Earth a few times.”
“Yes, sir.”
Tam pointed to a seat in front of him. “If I’m not mistaken, that is the navigator’s station. Go ahead and man it, but for now don’t touch anything.”
“Yes, sir.”
“The rest of you go find engineer Paalo and have him give you a briefing on the weapons and ship’s defense systems. We’ll need a lot of manpower in those positions.”
They all saluted, turned, and left the bridge. Colonel Belmoht started to follow them, but Tam stopped him.
“Not so fast, Colonel. We still need a first officer, and that, I think, should be you. For your first duty as XO, go see how Mr. Sincini is doing. I’m going to stay here on the bridge. I’m expecting a call from the Chancellor.”
“Yes, sir,” Colonel Belmoht said and then left. 
Specialist Grugger looked over at Tam and said, “Sir, a message is coming in from Shini. It’s the Chancellor.”
“Put her on screen.”
Lorin’s image appeared on the large screen at the front of the bridge. “Commander, are you there?”
“Yes, Madam Chancellor. I’m on the bridge of Earth’s Destiny, preparing for our voyage to Earth.”
“Good. I’ve conferred with the presiding member of the Executive Committee and he voiced no objections to your flight, so I’m authorizing your mission as a matter of world security.”
“Thank you, Madam Chancellor.”
“Two hundred and eighty T-59 fighters have been requisitioned for your voyage, and they are en route to you as we speak.”
“Excellent. Our crew is shaping up pretty well here. If you could send us a medical officer and staff, a cooking staff, a few clerks, and some soldiers for security, that should do.”
“Yes, I anticipated as much. They’ll be on the transport ships.”
“Good. Then as soon as they arrive and the loading dock is secured, we’ll be on our way.”
“One more thing, Commander,” Lorin said. “We’re trying to set up a communications link between Tarizon and Earth, so we’ll be able to maintain communications with you, and with the other ships. In one of the transports I’m sending you there are a total of 121 beacons with instructions on how to deploy them along the way. Be sure and take care of that. We must keep a channel of communications open. If the mission is not successful, I need to know about it.”
“Yes, Madam Chancellor. We’ll do our part.”
“Very well, then. I’ll keep in touch.”
Tam saluted and the screen went blank. As Tam was contemplating his conversation, Colonel Belmoht returned.
“The repairs are coming along well, sir. Mr. Sincini estimates we’ll be ready to lift off in about two kyloons.”
“Good. The fighters and transports should be here by then, so we won’t lose any time.”
Tam sighed. “I’m famished. I think I’ll go check out the galley and see what there is to eat. Jones, come eat with me. Colonel Belmoht, you have the bridge.”
Colonel Belmoht saluted. “Yes, sir.”
To help them find the ship’s galley, Tam and Lt. Jones peered down at a floor plan of the deck. After several missed turns they finally located the kitchen and stepped inside. It was a huge room full of ovens, grills, tables, racks of utensils, and a walk-in refrigerator.
“Here we go. Let’s look in here,” Tam said.
They came out a few minutes later laden with a variety of meats and cheeses and two bottles of Tekari. Tam found a knife and cut off a few slices of meat and cheese for them. They began to eat.
“It looks like we’ll have plenty of food,” Tam observed.
“I hope so,” Jones said. “I’d hate to get halfway to Earth and run out.”
“That would be bad. We’ll have to ask Rossi about that. There must be some more food stored somewhere.”
After they’d finished eating they went back to the bridge. Rossi Sincini was there giving instructions to Grugger and Colonel Belmoht.
“So, how are the repairs coming?” Tam asked.
“The damaged area is sealed off,” Rossi said. “We just have to pressure test the seals, and if they hold we’ll be ready to go.”
“Excellent.”
Grugger turned to Tam. “Sir, our fighters are here. They’re requesting landing instructions.
Tam looked at Rossi Sincini. Rossi stopped what he was doing and went to the control console. “Tell them to land on the port side landing bay,” he instructed. “I’ll open it for them now. . . . Colonel Belmoht, why don’t you come with me and I’ll show you how to secure and store the fighters.”
“Let’s go,” Colonel Belmoht replied.
The two men left and Tam and his new bridge crew watched the long line of fighters approaching one by one and hovering near the ship. After a couple of loons they started disappearing into the cargo hold. Tam was mesmerized by the operation because the fighters acted so differently in the absence of an atmosphere and in very low gravity. He wondered if he’d have difficulty learning to fly in space. 
Ten loons after the fighters had been loaded and secured the two transport ships arrived. They were loaded and anchored, and the port side landing bay was secured.
The last transport had 101 security personnel aboard. Colonel Belmoht went over as they deplaned. Much to his surprise he realized all of the soldiers were seafolken. He looked around for the officer in charge and was shocked to see a familiar face.
“Well, well, Captain Grenz Lozich,” Colonel Belmoht said, smiling. “What a surprise.”
“Colonel Belmoht. I heard you were first officer. It’s great to see you again.”
“Likewise. I’m delighted to have seafolken aboard, but I’m surprised you’d volunteer for a mission like this. Don’t you like to stay close to the sea?”
“Actually, most of men have been to Earth as slaves aboard one Earth shuttle or another. They like Earth. The seas and lakes are a very rich source of food.”
“Well, when you get your men secured come up to the bridge. I’m sure Tam will be glad to see you.”
“I’ll do that. See you soon.”
Colonel Belmoht found Rossi Sincini, who was making sure the ship was airtight. When he was done the two of them went back to the bridge to prepare for takeoff. Sincini typed departure instructions into the navigational computer and then nodded to Colonel Belmoht.
“The ship is secure and ready for takeoff, Commander,” Colonel Belmoht advised.
Tam looked at Rossi Sincini and raised his eyebrows. Rossi pointed to a button on the main control console and Tam pushed it. The cruiser immediately began to vibrate and then lifted off from Clarion. It began to pick up speed. At first it appeared to be heading straight for Tarizon, then it suddenly changed course and headed out into the darkness of space. Tam flipped the monitor control to show them a rear view. Tarizon initially loomed large on the screen, but its image shrank at an alarming rate.
“All hands, brace yourselves for FTL,” Rossi Sincini warned.
Tam grabbed the side of his chair as Tarizon suddenly disappeared and there was nothing now behind them but a view of billions of stars. Tam sighed. They were going to Earth and there was no turning back.

Chapter 17
The Kidnaping
Lorin was having trouble falling asleep the night Earth’s Destiny finally got underway. She’d felt relieved knowing that the future of Earth was now out of her hands. She’d done all she could to help defend their sister planet, and at great risk to her own political future. 
But now a new burden was being thrust upon her: the defense of Tarizon itself, should a bigger, stronger Purist Fleet return from Earth victorious. She knew she had at least two and a half cycles before that could happen, which would give her time to prepare, as long as the General Assembly didn’t give her a lot of grief. She resented having to consult with them anyway, since they had tossed her aside when the war started, forcing her to go underground with Leek Lanzia to run their own, unsanctioned war, a war that had ultimately been successful.
Now she feared they’d try to undermine her power as chancellor and, possibly, even try to oust her. The net effect of such an attempt would be to thwart Lorin’s efforts to rebuild the Intergalactic Fleet and also slow the rebuilding of Tarizon’s infrastructure, which had been so badly damaged during the war. 
Before the sun had brightened the toxic, cloud-enshrouded sky above Tarizon, she was awakened by her security guard to answer the GC. This time it was Ruffe Marcuzzi.
“Sorry to wake you,” he apologized, “but I just got a heads-up from a friend in the General Assembly. They are very upset as you know. They don’t consider your courtesy call yesterday regarding Earth’s Destiny a genuine attempt to consult with them.”
“It was the best I could do under the circumstances.”
“I know, but they’ve come up with a new strategy of attack. They’re going to point to the growing reports of lawlessness around the globe as proof of your ineffectiveness as chancellor. They’re going to tell the people of Tarizon that you’ve become so obsessed with Earth that you are jeopardizing Tarizon’s own security.”
“That’s ridiculous. Earth’s security is tied to our security.”
“I know that, but they’re going to point out that first you sent the Liberator away, and now Tam and Red are gone, too. Three of our top military leaders missing in action, while violence on Tarizon is rising.”
“What should I do?” Lorin asked.
“I don’t know. I just wanted you to be aware of the situation so you would be prepared for it.”
“Thanks, Ruffe. I’ll figure something out.”
Lorin struggled with the problem for awhile before I idea dawned on her. She put a call into her old friend, Sgt. Ponde. She explained what she had in mind and he agreed it was an excellent idea.


After the civil war ended, Rhin the rhutz returned to the Doral Mountains, where she had become a mother. Her family was glad to see her and accepted her back into the pack without hesitation. They knew she had become a hero and loved her all the more for helping to rid the planet of the tyrant, Videl Lai. 
Rhin, however, had changed. She’d seen and experienced much tragedy, but more importantly, she’d grown fond of her friend and companion, Leek Lanzia. Once satisfied with the peaceful life of a rhutz, tending to her family, now she missed the friends she’d made and the excitement and drama of life as a Loyalist soldier.
So, she was glad when she felt Sgt. Ponde’s presence in her mind. She had spent a lot of time with the big seafolken while she was at the 3rd Army’s Doral Mountains headquarters during the war. Sgt. Ponde was one of only a handful of non-rhutz who could communicate telepathically with her, so it was not surprising that they had grown fond of each other.
“My friend. I trust you are well,” Sgt. Ponde thought.
“Yes. Doing quite well. Where are you?”
“Not too far from you. The Chancellor has sent me here to seek your help.”
“Help? But the war is over.”
“Officially it is, but bands of marauding ex-TGA soldiers now plague our lands and must be stopped. At a time when we should be relishing our victory, our citizens are frightened that at any moment they may be robbed, killed, or their children kidnaped.”
“So, why can’t the army deal with this or the local police?”
“They’ve tried but with little success. The bands move so quickly and disappear without a trace. The Chancellor is taking much heat from the General Assembly. They say she is more worried about saving Earth than keeping the peace on Tarizon.”
“So, what would the Chancellor have me do?”
“Both of us, actually. She wants you and me to recruit a rapid response team to be called in whenever these cowardly bandits show their faces. With our skills she believes we’ll be able to rid Tarizon of these skutz and bring a well-deserved peace to our people.”
“I like our Chancellor. She is a fine leader. I’ll do as she wishes.”
“Excellent,” Sgt. Ponde thought. “How much time do you need before you can leave with me?”
“Just give me time to say goodbye. I’ll meet you at dawn tomorrow. Where will you be?”
“At the 3rd Army headquarters.”
“Good. That’s not far from my pack. I’ll see you in the morning.”


Lorin told her security chief to contact General Zitor and ask him if he was available for breakfast. Then she took a shower. After she’d dressed, she went to the dining room for breakfast. As she was taking a seat she was advised that General Zitor had arrived. She asked that he be escorted to the dining room. A loon later he walked in and sat across from her.
“Good morning, Madam Chancellor,” General Zitor said. “Thanks for inviting me for breakfast. I’ve been so busy lately I often miss breakfast entirely.”
“Yes, well, I usually work while I eat, so breakfast is just part of my working day.”
“Right. So, are you relieved to have all this Earth business behind us?”
“Well, that’s why I wanted to talk to you. We’re about to get a lot of criticism for worrying too much about Earth’s defense and ignoring our own problems here on Tarizon.”
“But that’s unfair.”
“It is and it isn’t. It’s true we are sacrificing a lot to defend Earth, but we’re doing it for two reasons: First, we let the Purists get away and now have a responsibility to stop them. Second, if we don’t stop them, they’ll likely come back and destroy us in the future. Unfortunately, as honorable as that sounds the people will soon forget about Earth and be more concerned with what’s happening on Tarizon.”
“Yes, you’re probably right.”
“So, we need to come up with a bold and aggressive plan to stop all of this lawlessness while we continue working to rebuild the fleet to defend Tarizon.”
“Sounds good. So, how can I help?”
“We need to appoint a high profile person to go immediately to Clarion and to start work on rebuilding the spaceport and getting ship production under way.”
“Okay.”
“And we need to announce the formation of an elite, mobile military force to respond quickly to these marauding ex-TGA soldiers who are terrorizing the population.”
“Did you have anyone in mind?”
“Yes, Captain John Sillmar is my choice for the Clarion project. He’s well known, a war hero, and one of the Avengers. That should help give the Clarion rebuilding project credibility.”
“And for the elite, mobile military force?”
“Rhin the rhutz.”
“Excuse me?”
“Rhin. You know. Commander Lanzia’s rhutz.”
“She didn’t go to Earth?”
“No. She didn’t want to leave Tarizon.”
“But . . . she’s a rhutz.”
“She’s also a better soldier than any human I know. My God, General, Leek told me stories about how she took down copters and even a hovertank using only her telekinetic abilities.”
“But can she lead a military unit?”
“Yes, specifically, a unit made up of rhutz and seafolken. Seafolken can communicate telepathically just like the rhutz.”
General Zitor was speechless. After a minute he said. “I’m just not sure how the people will react to a rhutz commanding a military unit. Besides, I thought the rhutz had all left the service and had gone back into the wild.”
“Rhin is still at our base in the Doral Mountains. She has a family there now, you know. I had someone talk to her to see if she would continue to help us for a while since Leek had to leave so suddenly. She agreed to help in any way she could. I actually think she’s enjoying her continuing military service.”
General Zitor laughed. “Then she might like an opportunity to kick a little more TGA ass.”
After breakfast the General left and Lorin went to her office. She told Cora to get Captain John Sillmar on the GC. She looked at the calendar and saw that the General Assembly was set to open at 1200 hours. She checked her watch and saw it was 0903. She figured if John agreed to her appointment she’d have time to call a news conference and announce her new initiatives before the session began. A few loons later John’s smiling face appeared on her monitor.
“Madam Chancellor. So nice to hear from you.”
“Yes, it’s been awhile, Captain. How are you?”
“Okay, I guess. Feeling a little lonely with all my friends going to Earth.”
“Yes, I was surprised you didn’t find a way to go yourself.”
“I was tempted, believe me, but I doubt my presence would make much of a difference. What they need is more attack cruisers. Speaking of which, that was quite a feat hijacking Earth’s Destiny, wasn’t it? I’d like to meet that Rossi Sincini. He’s one bold and courageous man.”
“Yes, he is. He reminds me a lot of you.”
John laughed. “Well, thank you, Madam Chancellor, but—”
“In fact, I need a hero like you right now for a very important mission. A mission that may well determine the survival of our planet.”
“What—?”
“You did hear of the threat made by Videl’s adopted son, didn’t you?”
“Yes, but it was just talk.”
“We can hope that’s all it was, but can we really afford to take that chance?”
John sighed. “No, I guess we can’t.”
“John. I’ll be honest with you. I’m at odds with the General Assembly. You know many of them hate me and loathe the fact that they were forced to elect me chancellor to win the war.”
“Yes, Commander Lanzia told me all about that.”
“Well, I need a high profile hero like you to take on the Clarion reconstruction project. I need you to rebuild the fleet for me and for Tarizon. I hope we never need it, but I fear if we don’t build it we’ll regret it.”
John took a deep breath. “Well, I don’t know anything about manufacturing.”
“I know that. But you don’t need any technological knowledge. We have all that at our disposal already. All you need to do is oversee the project and report to the General Assembly and the people as to its progress. And in your spare time you can develop a strategic defense plan for Tarizon in the event of an invasion from deep space.”
“You are my commander in chief. Of course I will do as you ask.”
“I know that. And I’m not ordering you to do it. I’m asking you to do it of your own volition. I want you to be totally committed to the project and undertake it without reservation.”
“Yes, Madam Chancellor. I understand. And as much as I’d like to dismiss the Purist threat and believe it will never plague Tarizon again, I have a fear that the mission to Earth will fail. Therefore, I will accept your offer because I know it is of the utmost importance for the survival of Tarizon.”
“Excellent, Vice Admiral.”
“Vice Admiral?”
“Yes. I think you’re overdue for a promotion and since you are moving from the army to the navy, the rank of Vice Admiral would be comparable to commander general.”
John smiled. “Yes, Madam Chancellor.”
“You should report to Gallion right away to get started organizing your command.”
“I will leave immediately. Thank you, Madam Chancellor.”
Lorin cut off the GC and fell back into her chair. She looked at her wrist array and saw it was 0933. She hit her intercom button and asked Cora to come in.
“I’m going to need you to contact the media and announce that I’ll be holding a news conference at 1000.”
“Yes, ma’am. Can I say what it’s about?”
“Yes. Tell them it’s a matter of world security.”
Cora left, and Lorin started writing an outline of her remarks. At 0955 Ruffe Marcuzzi arrived and escorted her to the media room. Every chair was filled, and reporters were standing two deep along both walls. Lorin walked up to the podium and smiled.
“Ladies and gentlemen. Before I take questions I have a short announcement to make. As you know, a few days ago I advised the General Assembly of a threat made by the Purists before they left Clarion, to come back one day to either reclaim or destroy Tarizon. Since we must take such threats seriously, I recommended the rebuilding of the Clarion Spaceport and manufacturing facility. I told the assembly it was imperative that we build another Intergalactic Fleet, not to invade another world, but to defend ourselves from the Purists should they successfully conquer Earth and then target Tarizon.
“I called you here today to announce that Captain John Sillmar, known to the press and the people as one of the celebrated Avengers, and a great hero of the Tarizon Civil War, shares my concern. Accordingly, he has agreed to take on the task of defending Tarizon from this new Purist threat by leading the project to rebuild the spaceport and our fleet. So, today I have transferred him to the Tarizon Navy and promoted him to the rank of Vice Admiral. As I speak he is on his way to begin his new assignment at Gallion until the General Assembly funds the project and it can be moved up to Clarion.”
The reporters started shouting out questions for the Chancellor, but she raised her hand. 
“I’m not quite through,” Lorin said. “Thank you. On another issue of world security: You all are aware that since the signing of the Treaty of Shisk, groups of ex-TGA shoulders have been wandering around the countryside attacking innocent citizens, raping our women, kidnaping our children and holding them for ransom. Although we have been working hard to hunt down these skutz and bring them to justice, too many of them still run loose over our land.
“To bring an end to this lawlessness, I am creating a new elite response team that will be flown in immediately when any of these marauders are discovered. The team will be commanded by Rhin the rhutz and will consist of our most talented and feared seafolken soldiers, along with a number of rhutz.”
The reporters looked on in stunned silence. Finally, one of them asked, “Madam Chancellor. How can a rhutz command a military unit?”
“Telepathically,” Lorin explained. “The average rhutz has an intelligence equal to our most brilliant scientists. They also have the gifts of telepathy and telekinesis. You have all heard the stories of Rhin the rhutz taking out copters and even a hovertank. These are not exaggerations. And since the seafolken also communicate telepathically, these two life-forms are well suited to work together to bring peace to our countryside.”
“Madam Chancellor,” another reporter asked. “Has Rhin agreed to this?”
“Yes, she has, and Riddle the rhutz has agreed to command another unit. They will each lead teams of ten rhutz and ten seafolken, and these teams will be on the job within the next few days.”
“Madam Chancellor,” a third reporter said. “There have been reports that you may have difficulty getting the General Assembly to fund the reconstruction of the Clarion Spaceport. Do you have any comment on that?”
“Yes. I’ve heard that rumor, too, but I can’t believe that the General Assembly, whose members have pledged an oath to the people of Tarizon to act in their best interests, would leave them defenseless against an enemy that has already killed millions of our citizens without the slightest remorse. If the members do turn their back on this very real threat, then I am confident they will feel the wrath of their constituencies.
“I’m afraid that’s all the questions I have time for,” Lorin concluded. “Thank you all for coming on such short notice.”
She smiled and walked away from the podium. Marcuzzi took her arm and escorted her out of the media room. Cora handed her a glass of water as she walked down the hall to her office.
“Excellent press conference. Congratulations, Madam Chancellor,” Marcuzzi said.
“Thank you. Do you think it will work?”
Marcuzzi chuckled. “I’m sure Senator Drul is tossing a few profanities your way right about now.”
“I certainly hope so. I’d like to see them accuse me of being soft on security now.”
They arrived at Lorin’s office, went inside, and sat down.
“I’m just worried about the reaction we’re going to get over putting Rhin the rhutz in charge of our security response team,” Marcuzzi said.
“There may be a few raised eyebrows at first, but after a few successful missions nobody will be complaining.”
Cora walked in. “Good news.”
“What?” Lorin asked.
“Senator Drul delayed the opening of the General Assembly until 1300 to give them time to review what you said at the press conference.”
Lorin smiled. “Good. Gave them something to think about, huh?”
For the next thirty loons, staff members, friendly senators, and government officials dropped in to compliment the Chancellor on her news conference. She received them cheerfully, and at 1100 left to meet Defense Minister Threebeard for lunch at a ritzy Shisk restaurant. He was waiting for her with General Zitor in a private room. They stood up when Lorin walked over.
“Gentlemen. Sorry I’m late. Busy day.”
“Yes, and that was a brilliant move, getting Rhin to lead your security response team,” Threebeard said. “I’ve talked to her and she’s very excited about it. It seems she’s missing all the excitement of military service.”
“That’s what I was told. I wish I could talk to her myself.”
“Yes, I wish you could, too.”
A waiter came over with drinks and took their lunch orders.
“So, all the ships got off okay?” Threebeard asked.
“Yes, I believe so. Now we wait.”
As they were talking, Cora rushed in. “Madam Chancellor. It’s all over the news! It’s so horrible.”
“What is it, Cora? What has happened?”
“They’ve kidnaped Tehra and Sophilo!”
“What!” General Zitor said, outraged. “Who did this?”
“I don’t know. But they are demanding all our ships traveling to Earth be recalled or they will kill the hostages!”
Lorin got to her feet and started pacing. “Get me Colonel Tomel on the GC. I sent him down to Marlais Beach to escort Tehra and Sophilo back home.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Cora said and left. A few loons later she returned with the GC. “Colonel Tomel is in the hospital but he’s well enough to talk.”
Lorin turned white and grabbed the GC. “Colonel Tomel! What happened? Are you all right?”
“We were ambushed on the way to the airport,” Colonel Tomel replied. “There were half a dozen of them heavily armed. Two of our security escorts were killed, and I took a bullet in the leg. I’m going to be okay, but they’ve got Tehra and Sophilo.”
“Oh, my God!”
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Madam Chancellor. I should have prevented this from happening.”
“It’s not your fault, I am sure,” Lorin said tentatively. “Did you get a good look at them?”
“Yes, but most of them were wearing helmets and masks. They came at us on jetcycles.”
“Were Tehra and Sophilo injured? Do you know?”
“I don’t think so. There was a PTV waiting near the ambush point and they were taken away in it.”
“Is anyone trying to find them?”
“The city police have set up roadblocks around the area, but I’m afraid they had a copter waiting nearby. I saw one take off heading northwest just a few loons after they attacked us.”
“Did you send anyone after it?”
“Yes, I called the airbase and they’ve sent a half dozen copters to try to find them.”
“What about this demand that the shuttles be recalled? Where did that come from?”
“They called the local VC station and told them they’d kidnaped the Liberator’s brother and would kill him if all the ships heading to Earth were not recalled immediately.”
Lorin started to feel weak. General Zitor saw her start to fall and grabbed her arm to steady her. He made her sit down. Tears were streaming down her face. Someone handed her a handkerchief and she wiped her eyes. She put the GC back to her ear.
“Sorry, Colonel. I’m just a little shaken.”
“Of course, Madam Chancellor. As am I.”
“Don’t worry. I’m sending help. They should be there soon.”
“Who are you sending?”
“Rhin and some very capable seafolken soldiers. You remember the special ops team from Gallion?”
“Oh, yes. They were extraordinary.”
“They’ve all agreed to help us in matters of this sort. This will be their first mission. Pray to God and Sandee that they will be successful.”
“I certainly will and I look forward to seeing Rhin again,” Colonel Tomel said and disconnected.
Lorin looked at General Zitor and the crowd that had gathered around her. She felt like the world was crashing down upon her. She couldn’t recall the fleet, nor could she let Tehra and Sophilo die. What was she to do? All eyes were fixed on her, expecting her to say something profound, something reassuring, but Lorin’s mind was so clogged with agony and despair that she could think of nothing.

Chapter 18
Plasma Cannon
When Red returned to Gallion he was met by Threebeard and General Zitor who had come to wish him well on his voyage to Earth.
“You’re doing a brave thing going to Earth to confront the Fleet,” Threebeard said, almost apologetically. “You will be a hero and your name will be remembered for thousands of cycles.”
An eerie feeling came over Red. He got the feeling Threebeard didn’t expect him to return.
“You know,” General Zitor said. “That plasma cannon you’ve got on your new T-73 may be your only hope of knocking out an attack cruiser. If you come at it in stealth mode and get up close you’ll be able to punch a hole in it the size of a Zodillo. The only problem is you have to come out of stealth mode to use it.”
“I do?” Red asked.
“Yes, I’m afraid so. It takes so much energy to fire it you can’t be in stealth at the same time. So, you’ll be vulnerable for a few tiks before and after you fire it. Hopefully, your adversary won’t be able to react quickly enough to lock onto you.”
“Wonderful,” Red said sarcastically. “My luck, I’ll only get to fire it one time.”
“No, no,” General Zitor said. “What I’m trying to tell you is: don’t go after the attack cruiser alone. I’d suggest fifty fighters approach from two angles and then, after the battle has been going awhile, you come in with your T-73 from the flank and catch the cruiser’s captain by surprise. I’m sure you will be in and out before they know what’s happened.”
“That will work once, anyway,” Threebeard cautioned. “You’ll have to come up with something different the second time. I’m sure the attack cruiser’s computers are linked and, even if you destroy one of them, the others will figure out how it happened and make modifications to its defenses.”
“Okay,” Red said, shaken a bit by the dark mood of Tarizon’s oldest and wisest. General Zitor and Threebeard embraced Red, and then he was driven to the barracks to collect his personal belongings to take aboard ES 52. A kyloon later the cargo holds were secured and the main disembarkation ramp was raised for takeoff. Red was sitting behind Captain Sparten on the bridge when the order to lift off was given. He took a deep breath, trying to control his anxiety. It was hard for him to believe he was on his way to Earth. Leek had told him so many good things about the planet that he really wanted to see it for himself, but he wondered if he’d ever actually make it there.
Suddenly he was slammed back into his seat as the ship rose quickly. The initial jolt frightened him, and the reality of the mission’s probable futility suddenly struck him like a molten spear. How could they possibly defeat the Intergalactic Fleet? It was insanity to even try. If it wasn’t for Leek being from Earth this mission wouldn’t be happening. This will be my last battle for Tarizon! I’m too young to die. Oh, God and Sandee: how did I let myself be recruited for such a futile effort? He began to wail and shake violently. Captain Sparten looked back at him in horror. Red opened his mouth in a vain attempt to speak and then, before he could form any words, he passed out.
The next day Red awoke to find himself in a bed with tubes and monitors attached to him. As his vision cleared he saw a woman smiling down at him. He tried to sit up, but she put a firm hand on him.
“Stay put, Captain. You’re in sick bay. Don’t be alarmed.”
“Sick bay? What happened?”
“You had an anxiety attack, I think. You’ve been pushing yourself too much. Going out on a dangerous mission to Clarion, losing a friend, going back again without any rest, and then suddenly being thrust onto a shuttle going to Earth. That’s a lot for the human mind to process in short order.”
Red sighed. “How embarrassing.”
She laughed. “Don’t worry about it. I told everybody it was something you ate.”
Red smiled. “That was nice of you. What’s your name?”
“Lt. Marz. You can call me Lora when we’re alone. I’m the ship’s medical officer.”
“So, how long have I been out?”
“About eight kyloons, but don’t worry. You haven’t missed anything. That’s the nice thing about going to Earth. You don’t have to rush around all the time. You’ve got nothing but time to burn.”
“So, I take it you’ve been to Earth a few times.”
“Oh, yes. Seven round trips.”
“So, you were part of the repopulation project?”
“Right.”
“Have you spent much time on Earth?”
“Actually I am an Earthchild, from New Jersey, so I’m pretty familiar with the planet. On each trip I took a few weeks of shore leave.”
“They just let you wander around the planet alone?”
“We had to travel in pairs, and there were a lot of restrictions as to what we could do and where we could go, but they usually gave us enough rope to have a good time.”
“I hope there’s time for sightseeing this trip, but somehow I doubt it,” Red lamented.
“Well, if there is, I’ll show you around.”
Red’s face lit up. “Would you? That would be great.”
As they were talking Captain Sparten walked in. “So, you’re alive.”
Red frowned. “Yes. I’m so sorry about ruining your takeoff. I don’t know what caused it.”
“It must have been something you ate before your mission to Clarion. I don’t think you ate after that, did you?”
“No.”
“Oh, well. Nothing like a dramatic takeoff. When you’re feeling better I’ll have someone show you to your quarters so you can settle in.”
“I’ll take him, Captain,” Lt. Marz said. “Not much action around the sick bay yet.”
“Good. See to it, then. Hope to see you at dinner,” Captain Sparten said.
“Yes, sir,” Red replied.
After a rough start things settled down for Red, and he got more rest than he needed. His relationship with Lora grew as time passed, and the two became constant companions when they weren’t on duty. They also spent a lot of time in each other’s bed as the nights were long and lonely aboard the ship. Midway along their voyage to Earth, Red decided it was time for him to get to know his T-73 and get some practice firing his plasma cannon. He asked the Captain about it early one morning.
“Captain, tomorrow we have to stop and place a com beacon. I was wondering if I could get a little time in my T-73. It would be good for the other pilots to get a little practice in as well.”
The Captain nodded. “You’re right. It’s getting a little boring around here; we could use a combat exercise.”
“Good. Then I’ll make preparations. I’ll need a target. Is there something we could drop out in space for me to shoot at?”
“Sure, let me think about it. I’ll come up with something.”
The next day, after the beacon had been dropped off and before ES 52 returned to FTL flight, two squadrons of fighters left the shuttle. Yellow Squadron was commanded by Lt. Dirc Sham and Green Squadron was commanded by Lt. Lin Leary. A huge piece of scrap metal was dropped as a target. The two squadrons took turns attacking and defending the target. The fighters were not armed but used computer simulated bullets and lasers to rate their performance. While they practiced, Red tested out his fighter in stealth mode.
“R3 flying by,” Red advised.
“ES 52 on the lookout,” Captain Sparten said.
The big fighter showed up on the radar screen and flew past the shuttle’s bow. It wasn’t visible for long but it had clearly gone by. A few tiks later Red came back on. “R3 flying by in stealth. Keep your eyes open.”
“ES 52, eyes wide.”
The eight crew members on the bridge watched the big front window but saw nothing. The radar specialist scrutinized his radar screens and sensors but all remained quiet. Red came back on. “R3 here. Fly by complete. Did you see me?”
“Negative, R3, no trace of you,” Captain Sparten replied. “Let’s try it from different angles.”
“Affirmative,” Red said.
After they’d thoroughly tested the T-73 for stealth mode effectiveness, Red was ready to try out his plasma cannon. He settled in behind Green Squadron and hailed them.
“This is R3 to Green Squadron. Come in.”
“G1 here.”
“When you guys finish your next attack I’m going to come from the flank and try out my p-cannon. You’ll need to clear out your squadron so nobody will get scorched.”
“Affirmative, R3.”
Green Squadron came in for their attack run. They skirmished for a while with Yellow Squadron and then peeled off. When Red saw them retreating, he put his fighter in stealth mode and flew straight at his drifting target. When he was almost on top of it he came out of stealth mode and was about to fire when he realized he was so close he’d never, in a real situation, be able to avoid crashing into the battle cruiser.
“R3 aborting attack. This is tricky business. Let me try it again.”
He circled around and this time came out of stealth mode a little earlier. He fired the plasma cannon, shooting a thick blob of energy ahead of him that flew like a bloated bolt of lightning. The crew watching the attack gasped in wonder as the target vaporized upon impact. Red had been so worried about avoiding the simulated attack cruiser that he didn’t see the plasma stream or its impact. He watched a video of it later with Captain Sparten and Lora and marveled at its beauty and power.
“That’s quite a weapon they’ve come up with,” he said to Captain Sparten. “Is there any way to shield the ship from it?”
“No. Once it’s coming at you, it’s all over. It will cut through the toughest metals we’ve got like a knife through paper.”
“So, we could destroy the attack cruisers with this weapon?” Red said.
“Theoretically. The trick is surviving long enough to do the job.”
“I’m going to need a lot more training time,” Red said. “It’s a lot different flying out here in space. You don’t have as much maneuverability, and I’m going to need that to get clear of the other attack cruisers after firing the plasma cannon.”
“Don’t worry. You’ll have plenty of opportunity for more training. We’ve a lot more beacons to drop.”
“Yeah, but every hour we spend training allows the Fleet to get a little closer to us.”
“I know. But we’re keeping track of it. We won’t let them get past us.”
“I hope not, since we’ve got the only weapon that can destroy the Fleet,” Red said.
The Captain stood up. “I’ve got to get ready for dinner. See you two later.”
When the Captain was gone Lora took Red’s hand. “You did good out there.”
“Not really,” Red said. “I didn’t feel in control. It’s hard to make sharp turns in space. I need a lot more work.”
“Well, the Captain said you’d get it.”
“I know, but why did I have to end up with the only weapon that can destroy a battle cruiser? Why didn’t they give it to Leek?”
“He left too soon. This just came off the assembly line. It’s one of a kind.”
“I know and I’m glad we have it. It’s just so much responsibility. If I screw up, our entire mission may fail.”
“You won’t screw up. The fact that you’re so worried about mastering the T-73 is a good sign. You’re going to train hard until you feel comfortable and have the necessary confidence to do the job.”
He looked at her and smiled. “Thanks. I’m glad someone has faith in me.”
She kissed him. “I do. I’m also hungry. Let’s go get ready for dinner.”
They left and went back to Lora’s quarters. They took a shower, after which things between them got out of control and they never made it to dinner. Later that night they went to the observation deck to see the King’s Nebula, which they were passing within fifty light-cycles of. Whenever circumstances allowed, they loved to sit, snuggled in each other’s arms, and gaze out into the vastness of space. It was a different show every night and they always saw so many new and magnificent sights. Red felt warm and safe in Lora’s arms, and he dreaded the fact that their journey would soon be over and he’d have to face his unsought destiny.

Chapter 19
Frantic Chase
Sgt. Ponde was glad that Rhin had accepted the Chancellor’s assignment. He had the utmost respect for her and knew that together they could do great things. The next morning Rhin showed up with ten other rhutz. When she had put out the call to her kind there were many volunteers, but only a few close enough to report immediately. Sgt. Ponde had managed to round up ten other seafolkens, giving them a team of twenty-two for Tarizon’s first ever RRT.
As they were loading their gear into the two jet copters assigned to them, Sgt. Ponde received a call on his GC. His face turned grim as he listened. When he lowered the GC he shook his head and looked at Rhin.
“Well, we have our first assignment,” Sgt. Ponde told Rhin telepathically. “Tehra and Sophilo have been kidnaped.”
“Sophilo? Leek’s brother?” Rhin asked, unbelieving.
Sgt. Ponde nodded. “Yes, they were taken twenty loons ago at Marlais Beach and were seen heading north by copter.”
“Then we must go to Pogo Island immediately and find them. We can’t let anything happen to them.”
Sgt. Ponde nodded and told the pilots their destination. Soon they were off, flying at Mach 2 over Quori toward Pogo Island and looking down at the vast expanse of the Coral Sea. A kyloon later they saw Pogo Island in the distance. Colonel Tomel met them at the airport a few loons later when they landed. His right leg was bandaged and he looked very uncomfortable. He told them what had happened.
“Since Pogo is an island they will soon run out of real estate,” Sgt. Ponde said. “What type of copter were they in?”
“It looked like an excursion copter,” Colonel Tomel replied. “It’s pretty slow and I doubt it could go very far without refueling. I think maybe the kidnapers are taking them to a boat or an airfield and then off the island to a secure location.”
“Do you have a map of Pogo?” Sgt. Ponde asked.
“Yes,” Colonel Tomel said, motioning to one of his men, who retrieved the map and brought it to them.
Colonel Tomel pointed to a position on the map just above Marlais Beach. “They were headed this way, toward Pogo City.”
“But we don’t know if that’s where they were going,” Sgt Ponde argued. “They could change course at any time. They may have been going that way initially to avoid the Argot military base.”
He felt Rhin’s voice in his head. “I will ask the rhutz who live on Pogo if they have seen a copter traveling north. Give me a moment.”
Sgt. Ponde told Colonel Tomel what Rhin had said telepathically. They all looked at her expectantly. A few tiks later she thought, “A copter matching the description Colonel Tomel gave us has been seen following the Oklana River west of Pogo City. The word will be passed to all the rhutz to keep an eye on it.”
“All right. Let’s go,” Sgt Ponde said and everyone scrambled to get aboard their jet copters. Soon they were in the air traveling north. After a few kyloons they picked up the Oklana River and followed it.
Rhin was looking out the copter’s window when she suddenly perked up. “They’re heading into the Black Hills,” she thought.
Sgt. Ponde looked down at his map and pointed to the Black Hills. Colonel Tomel nodded. The Black Hills were named for the lava that poured out of the volcano that created them, which was as black as coal. Mt. Vespius rose a little over 8,000 feet and dominated the central Pogo landscape. The Black Hills were heavily wooded and sparsely populated, the perfect hiding place for the TGA thugs on Pogo Island.
As they reached the Black Hills, Rhin reported that the copter had landed at a fortified compound twenty-four kylods north of the headwaters of the Oklana River. Col. Tomel informed the pilot and he modified his course accordingly. When they got close to the compound they landed their copters out of sight and discussed strategy.
“We’ve got to be very careful,” Col. Tomel said. “They’ll kill Tehra and Sophilo if they know we’re trying to rescue them.”
Sgt. Ponde nodded glumly. “I know. We should let Rhin do some reconnaissance so we’ll know what we’re up against.”
He asked Rhin if she’d go check out the compound so they could formulate a rescue plan. She responded by taking off toward the compound. Several of her pack followed her. While they were waiting Sgt. Ponde called Lorin.
“We’ve located them in the Black Hills,” he reported. “They’re holed up in some kind of compound. It’s fortified, unfortunately, so we’re going to have to be careful.”
“Wow. You found them quickly,” Lorin said.
“Yes, it helps that there are rhutz everywhere and they communicate with each other telepathically.”
“I knew getting Rhin’s help would be worthwhile.”
“That’s an understatement, Madam Chancellor. Anyway, we’ve got the place surrounded, so the only trick is going to be keeping them alive. Does Commander Lanzia know they’ve been kidnaped?”
“No. Fortunately we’ve lost communication with ES 26 for now. Hopefully when it’s reestablished we’ll have them back safely.”
“I hope so. Otherwise, he’ll want to turn around and come back.”
“Yes he will, and I don’t want to fight that battle right now. I’ve got my hands full with the General Assembly. In order to get funding for the RRTs I had to promise to advise them in advance of any operation. In fact, I’ve got to call Senator Drul right now to be in compliance with the agreement.”
“Okay. Good luck with that. I’ll call you back when I know anything more,” Sgt. Ponde said.
“Right. I’ll be waiting anxiously,” Lorin said and hung up.
A few loons later Sgt. Ponde felt Rhin’s thoughts in his mind. “There appear to be at least eight life-forms, heavily armed. Four are stationed at each of the corners of the compound and the other four are patrolling randomly.”
“Is there any indication they know we’ve found them?” Sgt. Ponde thought.
“No, I don’t think so.”
“How many buildings are there in the compound?”
“There appear to be three structures. The main house, a garage, and a barn. We’ve checked the garage and the barn but they are not being held there. They’re inside the main house somewhere.”
“We need to find out where exactly they are holding them and how many people are inside altogether,” Sgt. Ponde thought. “Hold your position until we can figure out what to do.”
Sgt. Ponde went over to Colonel Tomel and filled him in on the situation. “We need to get a visual inside,” he told the colonel. “We don’t know how many men are in the main house or where they are positioned. It would be too dangerous to go in blind.”
“How can you get a visual?”
“We can place a few stickycams at strategic locations,” Sgt. Ponde said.
“How are you going to do that without being seen?”
“The nice thing about stickycams is you can place them remotely with a rifle.”
“A rifle? How do you do that?”
“A stickycam is a micro camera inside a soft sticky ball. It’s loaded into a specially modified rifle and fired at a targeted window. When it hits the window it sticks. The camera is then activated and a lens protrudes outside the sticky substance and transmits the image.”
“Ingenious,” Colonel Tomel said. “How long will it take you to get them in place?”
“Not long. My men are working on it right now. In just a few loons we should have visuals of the living room, kitchen, the downstairs bedroom, and the patio area. We can’t use a stickycam for the basement, however, since there are no windows. We’ll have to sneak someone in to drill a peephole.”
“That sounds dangerous,” Colonel Tomel said.
“It is. If we’re seen it could blow the entire operation.”
“Do you think it’s worth the risk?”
“We’ll try to avoid having to do it, but if that’s where they’re keeping Tehra and Sophilo, then we many have to chance it.”
One of the seafolken soldiers came over to Sgt. Ponde with a small video monitor. On the screen was the interior of the living room. Two men were sitting in chairs watching a VC. There were six open bottles of Tekari, food wrappers, and a half-eaten sandwich on a table between them. They both had handguns in shoulder holsters, and there were three rifles leaning against the wall near the front door.
Sgt. Ponde pushed a button on the monitor and another view came up. It showed one of the bedrooms. A man and a woman were naked on the bed making love. Their clothes were strewn all the way from the door to the bed. Their rifles had been left lying on the bed beside them.
Sgt. Ponde pushed the button again and the kitchen view came up. Two men were at a table drinking what looked like sankee and talking. A woman was cooking and talking to the men. Two pistols lay on the table between them. He pushed the button a third time and the garage came into view. An ATV large enough for all of them to ride in took up most of the garage. There were also three jetcycles and a small PTV. Nobody was in the garage.
“Well, no hostages on the first floor,” Sgt. Ponde noted. “Unfortunately we don’t know what the situation is in the basement. I think we’re going to need the peephole.”
“I don’t know,” Colonel Tomel said. “That’s going to be dangerous.”
“We’ll wait until it’s dark. Maybe we’ll create a distraction to keep them busy while we drill the hole.”
“What kind of distraction?” Colonel Tomel asked.
“I don’t know. I was thinking maybe Rhin could inflict a little pain on one of the guards from a safe distance. His friends will just think he’s ill.”
Colonel Tomel smiled. “That might work. You better tell Lorin what’s happening.”
“Right,” Sgt. Ponde said as he punched her number into his GC. She answered quickly.
“Yes.”
“Just wanted to update you, Chancellor. We’ve managed to get a visual of most of the rooms in the house where they are keeping Tehra and Sophilo, but not the basement, which is where we believe they are being held.”
“So, what are you going to do?”
“Well, it’s too risky to go in blind. They will kill the hostages at the first indication of trouble. We need to catch them off guard and be able to get someone in there immediately to provide protection. To do that we’d have to be able to see into the basement. So, to get a camera in there we’ll need to cut a hole through the concrete wall and insert an extension camera.”
“So do it,” Lorin said.
Sgt. Ponde explained the risk of doing that, and Lorin agreed they had no other choice. At nightfall, Rhin got as close to the southeast corner of the compound as she could without being detected. She selected the nearest guard and concentrated on his lungs. The guard suddenly grabbed his chest and began breathing heavily. He dropped to one knee, let his rifle fall to the ground, and pushed his com link. He tried to talk but his words came out garbled.
“What was that, Rugge?” a voice asked. 
Soon another guard came to Rugge’s position to see what was wrong. He saw Rugge on the ground, struggling to breathe. 
“What’s the matter with you?” the guard asked and then pushed his com link. “Something’s wrong with Rugge. Heart attack or something.”
The house’s front door opened, and the two men stationed on the first floor came out to see what was up. The second and third perimeter guards walked halfway along the wall to get a view of what was happening. While they were thus distracted, a seafolken jumped the compound wall and rushed over to a spot where the landscape sloped downward, exposing a one foot section of the basement wall. He kneeled down and began drilling the hole in the concrete. At the same moment, Rhin and another rhutz began howling.
The two men who’d come from the house picked up Rugge and brought him inside, where they placed him on a sofa. It wasn’t long before he was sitting up and breathing normally again. Meanwhile, the seafolken had completed his drilling job and returned to report to Sgt. Ponde.
“The signal should be on line,” he said.
Someone brought over the monitor and flipped it to the basement view. Tehra was stretched out on a brown leather sofa. Her hands and feet were tied. Sophilo was crying and a woman was rocking him back and forth trying to quiet him. From where she lay, Tehra watched the unarmed woman anxiously.
Sgt. Ponde looked at Colonel Tomel. “This looks like a good time to go in.”
Sgt. Ponde sought Rhin’s mind. “I think Rugge needs to have a relapse, then we can go in. There’s nobody in the basement but an unarmed woman. It’s got to be quick.”
“All right. Give us two loons to get in place. When you hear him screaming, go in.”
“Affirmative,” Sgt. Ponde replied silently.
Rhin jumped onto the wall and peered through the window, where she saw Rugge sitting up with his head in both hands. The guards had gone outside again but were milling around on the front porch, talking. Several rhutz and seafolken were moving unseen along the perimeter of the compound. 
Rhin reached in with her mind, found Rugge’s lungs, and squeezed them again. He screamed and began thrashing around. The two guards turned and ran toward the door, but before they reached it, two seafolken had scaled the perimeter walls and with two quick steps, pounced on top of them. Their rifles went flying, and they were out of commission in an instant. 
Two rhutz rushed through the open door and ran hard for the basement. The two men in the kitchen were heading in the same direction. The lead rhutz caught up to the first and sank his teeth into the man’s leg. He fell hard. The second man turned and fired wildly at the rhutz but missed. Then he turned back and had just reached the basement door when the other rhutz jumped on top of him. They both tumbled down the stairs but the rhutz wouldn’t let him go.
The man pointed his gun and tried to fire, but the rhutz willed the gun out of his hand and it went flying hard against the wall. The rhutz sank his teeth into the man’s neck and twisted viciously back and forth. When the rhutz released him, he wilted to the floor.
The woman in the basement, still holding Sophilo, moved to a far corner of the room, clutching him tightly. Tehra thrashed around on the sofa trying to get loose. Sgt. Ponde rushed down the stairs, saw the woman holding Sophilo, and approached her cautiously.
“Give me the child,” he said.
The woman put the baby in a choke hold. “Stay away or I’ll kill him,” she spat.
The rhutz walked over and with his mind pulled the woman’s arms away from Sophilo’s throat. She struggled to hold on to the baby but wasn’t strong enough to resist the mental force. When Sophilo started to slip out of her arms, Sgt. Ponde rushed over and caught him before he fell. The woman backed up against the corner as the rhutz growled at her. A tik later Colonel Tomel came down and untied Tehra.
“Oh, thank you!” Tehra exclaimed. “I thought for sure they were going to kill us.”
“I’m sorry this happened,” Colonel Tomel said. “It’s all my fault. Are you hurt?”
“Not seriously,” Tehra said, rubbing her wrist and looking at the burns and bruises the ropes had caused. 
As they were talking, two big spotlights shone down upon the compound. Colonel Tomel rushed upstairs and went outside to see who it was. He read the decals on the copter’s door and realized it was a VC8 News copter filming the scene in the compound. He hailed them on his GC. “Get your copter out of here now! You’re compromising our operations!”
Suddenly, the garage door began to open. Before it was halfway up, two jetcycles came barreling out. It was the man and woman who’d been making love in the bedroom. Somehow they’d made it to the garage and were trying to escape.
Two rhutz and a seafolken immediately jumped into the RRT’s copter and it took off after them. The VC8 News copter followed them. Within a few tiks the RRT’s copter was on top of the fleeing kidnapers. The pilot flew ahead and landed, allowing the rhutz and seafolken to jump out. The two rhutz ran up on an embankment that ran along the road, and the seafolken stepped out onto the hard surface and waited for the two riders to arrive. When the cyclists saw the seafolken, they slowed and looked around for an alternate route. This allowed the rhutz to pounce and knock each of them off their jetcycles.
Four bodies went tumbling to the ground as the jetcycles skidded to a stop. The seafolken ran into the middle of the melee. One of the ex-TGA soldiers came up gripping a laser pistol in his hand, which he aimed at the rhutz who’d knocked him to the ground. The seafolken batted it away with a flick of his wrist and hit the man hard across the face. The cyclist’s knees gave way and he fell to the ground. The rhutz had the woman pinned up against a tree. The seafolken came over, pushed her to the ground, and wrapped her wrists with binding tape.
Overhead, the VC8 News copter rolled their cameras as the prisoners were put into the RRT copter to be taken back to the compound. 
Colonel Tomel went back down to the basement to tell Sgt. Ponde what had happened, then got Lorin on the GC. He filled her in on the raid and informed her that Tehra and the baby were okay. He also told her about the VC8 News copter.
“If they’d have gotten there two loons earlier they would have compromised the entire operation,” Colonel Tomel complained. “Tehra and Sophilo would probably be dead right now.”
“That skutz, Drul,” Lorin spat. “I made it clear to him it was a matter of world security. Now he’s going to pay for his ambition.”
“You think he wants your job?”
“No, I think it’s worse than that. I bet he’s the traitor who leaked the intel that allowed Rupra Bruda to be rescued. Now I think he was hoping that Leek would be forced to turn around and come home to deal with Tehra’s and Sophilo’s abduction. But he’s just made a fatal mistake. Tomorrow I’ll have Councilor Shilline start an investigation, and it won’t be long before we know the truth. Then, with Drul out of the way, the General Assembly should fall in line behind me. . . . But never mind him; thank Sgt. Ponde and Rhin for me. Tell them they are the pride of Tarizon!”

Chapter 20
Mid-Flight Conference
Leek was getting tired of his hectic life aboard ES 26. Each day he had to share the bridge responsibilities equally between the Captain, himself, and the first officer. In his “spare” time he had physical training, flight instruction, strategic planning, meals, and attending to personal hygiene. That didn’t leave much time with Lucinda and the baby.
One advantage of such a full schedule, however, was that time passed quickly. Leek realized one night that nine months had gone by. They’d soon reach Earth, and his life would drastically change, for better or for worse. This realization both startled and worried him. He made a mental note to start thinking about how he was going to make contact with the authorities on Earth. It wouldn’t be an easy task, even if he had no time constraints. But as it was, he would only have a few days to make a connection and get the American government to take action.
The attempts to keep a communications link open with Tarizon had only been a partial success. They had talked back and forth frequently but often their connection would be weak, full of static, and sometimes cut off altogether for no reason. The problem seemed to be with the beacons. They’d either drift out of position or malfunction without explanation. When the link went down, the shuttles patrolling in the area would either have to drop a new beacon or try to reposition or repair the one that had strayed or broken down, assuming it could be found. In the meantime, there were many days when there was no communication at all with the ships traveling to Earth.
Today, however, there was a stable connection with Tarizon, so Leek decided he’d better have a conference with Lorin, Threebeard, and Tehra in case they later got permanently disconnected. He went to a video conference room with Captain Shilling and Lt. Lakee. They linked in Tam and Red on board their ships and then added Lorin, who had Threebeard and Tehra with her.
“All right, I think we’ve got everybody hooked up,” Leek said. “I’m going to skip the small talk because we could lose our connection at any time. Let’s first have everyone give a brief synopsis of his or her current situation. I’ll begin. 
“We’ve observed a rigorous training schedule on ES 26, and I believe everyone aboard is in top shape physically and mentally. All our fighters are in perfect working order and ready for combat. If nothing changes between now and our arrival at Earth, we should have about seventy-two Earth hours to make contact with the proper authorities and warn them of the attack. Upon arrival I plan to take a transport vehicle down to a place near my home in Texas. Madam Chancellor, how are you making out with the General Assembly?”
“They’ve had a change of attitude since Senator Drul was convicted of espionage and violating Tarizon’s Internal Security Act,” Lorin said. “The success of the RRTs has helped, too. Rhin, Riddle, and Lt. Ponde have been my saviors. They’ve pretty much put an end to any postwar lawlessness.”
“Excellent,” Leek said. “So, Sgt. Ponde got a promotion,” Leek observed.
“Yes, after saving Tehra and your young brother, Colonel Tomel and I thought it appropriate.”
“Indeed,” Leek agreed.
“And Tehra, have you and Sophilo recovered?” he asked.
“Pretty much. I still have nightmares. Sophilo seems okay.”
“Good. So, Tam, how are things on Earth’s Destiny?”
“Busy,” Tam said. “Rossi Sincini is one ambitious man. He’s managed to increase our speed by three percent. He says we might beat you to Earth.”
“Really? That would be incredible. I’d love to see Evohn Cystrom’s face when he gets that bit of news.”
“That’s not all,” Tam said. “Now that our scientists have perfected the plasma cannon, Rossi has been trying to manufacture one that can be fitted on Earth’s Destiny. He’s got the first one almost completed. Once it’s operational, it won’t take long to build a second one. We’d like to have six of them mounted so we can respond to attacks from any direction.”
“What about a fighter-mounted version? Can he build one for the T-69s?”
“No. Apparently that’s not feasible. They take a lot of extra power and even the T-69s don’t have enough. They had to upgrade the power supply in the T-73s a lot to make it work.”
“That’s too bad. Anything else?”
“We’re a little shorthanded,” Tam said. “These attack cruisers are made for a large crew. We have only about a third of the normal complement.”
“Sorry about that,” Lorin said. “That’s all we could muster on short notice.”
“I know. I’m not complaining. Just letting everybody know in case any of the other ships are crowded.”
“Actually,” Red said, “we are a little overloaded. I wouldn’t mind transferring about a third of my fighters to you. That would give us more room to maneuver.”
“True,” Leek said. “It does make sense to fill up the attack cruiser and lighten the load on the shuttles. That way we won’t have to park the shuttles in orbit around Earth. We can use them in Earth’s atmosphere to get around and help shore up our defenses.”
“Okay,” Tam said. “When we get to Earth we’ll make sure we’re ready for your transfers.”
“Good,” Leek said. “So, Red. I heard you found love on ES 52?”
Red blushed. “Where did you hear that?”
“I’ve got my spies. It’s okay. Enjoy yourself while you can. I certainly have enjoyed having Lucinda and Tokin with me. . . . So, what’s your military status?”
“Ship and crew are ready for combat. We’ve been doing a lot of flight and tactical training. It’s taken awhile for me to get used to the T-73 but I think I have the hang of it. The plasma cannon is a monster. I’d hate to be on the receiving end of that beast.”
“Good. I’m jealous. I wish I had one of those toys for myself.”
“I’ll let you borrow it if you promise not to get blown up. You have to get right on top of your target for it to work. It’s a one-shot proposition.”
“Doesn’t its stealth mode work?”
“Yeah, but you’ve got to come out of stealth just before you shoot.”
“Ouch! That could be risky.”
“You’ve got that right. It’s going to take some good tactical planning for any operation involving the plasma cannons.”
“All right, now I need some input from all of you, particularly from Tehra and Threebeard. You two know the most about Earth and the Tarizon Repopulation Project. What should be my first priority other than making contact with the CIA?”
“You’re going to need to identify the Purist leaders on Earth and try to find out what their plan is for overthrowing the government,” Tehra said.
“Yes,” Threebeard agreed. “If you can do that you might be able to thwart their plans.”
“How can I find these leaders?” Leek asked.
“I believe,” Tehra said, “that if you find a man named Kulchz you’ll have found Purist Command on Earth. I know Kulchz is high up in the ranks.”
“My father knew Kulchz. Perhaps he’ll be able to help me find him.”
“But don’t assume you can trust the CIA,” Threebeard warned. “It won’t be in their interest to have the Tarizon Repopulation Project exposed. They exploited the project for their own advantage for over forty cycles. You’ll—”
The image on the screen flickered and the sound became garbled. “. . . and then maybe he’ll believ—”
The screen went blank. A message came up: Signal Lost. Leek turned to Captain Shilling and Lt. Lakee, who both shrugged. He shook his head. 
“Well at least you got an update from everyone and some good input from Tehra and Threebeard,” Captain Shilling said. “I’m so glad they’re okay.”
“Me too. I’ve got enough to worry about on Earth without having to worry about my family back on Tarizon.”
“Sir,” Lt. Lakee said. “Now that Earth’s Destiny will be arriving at Earth before us, will we be taking ES 26 down to the surface?”
“Yes, I think so. It will be very convenient having a shuttle close by in case we need it.”
“Who will accompany you on the ground?” Lt. Lakee asked.
Leek smiled. “I’d love you to come along, but I’m afraid you wouldn’t blend in with the local population. We can’t afford to be conspicuous.”
“Yes, I know.”
“We’ll need several platoons to be ready for action. One can come with me. Two others will be on standby for future orders. You can coordinate things for us from the ship.”
“Yes, sir.”
“We’ll need communications set up. Perhaps we can drop a few satellites in orbit around Earth on our way in.”
“Yes, of course. Do you anticipate any problems getting to the surface?” Lt. Lakee asked.
“You mean from the U.S. Air Force?”
“Yes, or the Purists.”
“We never seemed to have a problem during the repopulation project,” Captain Shilling said, “but I would guess the Air Force was told to ignore us. I don’t know if it will be a problem now. What do you think, Lieutenant?”
“With the new technology we’ve provided them they might spot us coming in,” Lt. Lakee said. “If they do, it could be a problem.”
“Okay,” Leek said. “I’ll give that some thought and come up with a plan. The Purists are another story. I had assumed they wouldn’t be expecting us, but I guess we shouldn’t make assumptions.”
“No,” Lt. Lakee agreed. “If the Fleet knows we’ll be reaching Earth ahead of them, they could contact their people on Earth and alert them.”
“Yes. Quite possibly. They could have seen us leave Tarizon, heading for Earth, if they were watching. So, how do we deal with any Earth-based Purist offensive? The shuttles themselves are no threat and their fighters are, at best, T-59s, so as long as we watch out for them, we should be okay, right?”
“But they could outnumber us,” Lt. Lakee argued.
Leek thought about it a moment. “Well, I’ll incorporate that possibility into my plan. We may have to create some diversions.”
“Yes, sir,” Lt. Lakee said. 
“I noticed we have a few strange-looking PTVs in the cargo hold,” Captain Shilling said. “Apparently Threebeard had them put aboard.”
“Really?” Leek said. “Let’s go take a look.”
They all got up and headed for the lift to take them to the cargo deck. Once there, Captain Shilling led them around a number of large boxes and crates, until they were standing in front of what looked like a pair of 1990 Mercury Grand Marquis station wagons. Leek looked at the vehicles in amazement.
“They look just like my mother’s station wagon back on Earth. Threebeard must have had some PTVs specially made to look like the car I was driving when I was abducted to Tarizon.”
He stepped over to the vehicle’s front door. Its interior was very high tech and didn’t resemble his mother’s car at all. Leek laughed. “We can’t let anybody see inside these babies. I can’t believe Threebeard did this. How did he get them made so quickly?”
“Oh, I think Threebeard has known for some time that you’d need them,” Captain Shilling replied. “He’s usually one step ahead of the rest of us.”
Leek nodded. “You’ve got that right. . . . I’ve got to show this to Lucinda. She won’t believe it.”
Later that day Leek brought Lucinda down to see the “Earth” vehicles that looked just like the one his mother had driven. Lucinda laughed when she saw them. Leek sat in the driver’s seat of one and played around with the controls. Lucinda sat in the passenger seat and tried the radio. They laughed when Sheryl Crow’s voice came booming out: “All I wanna do is have some fun. . . .” Leek almost cried when he heard the familiar tune. They listened to a dozen songs before their emotions got the better of them while listening to “Nothing Compares 2 U” by Sinead O’Connor. They climbed into the backseat and made love.

Chapter 21
Plan of Action
March 1994
It had been nearly a year since Mo had stunned Stan with the news that Peter had joined the Loyalist army on Tarizon and advanced to the rank of Commander General. Since that revelation he and Rebekah had tried to ignore the aliens who were watching them. They waited patiently for Mo to contact them again with further information or instructions as to how they could help protect their son, should he return from Tarizon. But after such a long time with no further contact from Mo, the situation became unbearable.
“Stan, we can’t live like this,” Rebekah complained. “Our phones are tapped, our house is bugged, people are following us. Now someone’s even watching Reggie at school.”
“How do you know that?” Stan asked.
“He called me the other day and told me. He’s really scared.”
“What did you say to him?”
“I told him it was one of Paul Thayer’s men. I told him you were working on a murder case and there had been some threats against the family.”
“That was quick thinking.”
“Yeah. These days, that’s a requirement of membership in this family.”
Stan laughed. “I guess it’s time to go on the offensive. This sitting around like scared puppies isn’t working.”
“No. So, what are you going to do?”
“I was thinking about having Paul Thayer follow the men who are following us. Hopefully, they’ll lead us to the new Tarizonian headquarters.”
Rebekah nodded. “Sounds good, but what will you do when you find it?”
“The same thing they’re doing to us—plant a few bugs so we can overhear their conversations.”
“I don’t know,” Rebekah said, shaking her head. “Don’t you think the CIA is already doing that?”
“I don’t know what they are doing. I haven’t seen them around, have you?”
“No.”
“I suspect they’re so wound up in bureaucratic red tape and politics, they’re pretty much helpless.”
“You think the President is holding them back?”
“Probably. He’s so afraid that the press will find out about the Tarizon Repopulation Project that he won’t authorize the kind of investigation that needs to be done to identify all the aliens and round them up.”
“I know you’re right, but if they find out that we’re investigating them, they’ll kill us.”
“I think that’s already on their agenda,” Stan replied soberly.
“What! Why do you say that?”
“Because we know too much. If they didn’t need us to find Peter we’d probably be dead already.”
Rebekah didn’t respond. She just stared at Stan with her mouth slightly ajar.
“If we are going to survive,” Stan continued, “we’re going to have to disappear for a while. They’ve already exiled Peter to Tarizon, so what’s to stop them from taking one of our other kids hostage to ensure we cooperate with them?”
“Oh, my God! You’re right. So, how do we disappear?”
“I don’t know yet. I’ll have to find us a place.”
“Are you going to tell Mo?”
“No. I’m not sure the CIA can be trusted. They were responsible for the Tarizon Repopulation Project in the first place, and I’m afraid that some of the Agency leaders may have cut some kind of deal.”
“Are you serious?” Rebekah said, her eyes widening. “You don’t think you can trust Mo?”
“I think Mo’s okay, but I don’t know anybody else in the Agency, so I’ve got to assume the worst. That’s the only safe approach.”
Rebekah put her arms around Stan and held him tight. She was terrified something would happen to him or one of the kids. She didn’t think she could bear it if anything did.
“Do whatever you have to do, but don’t take any chances.”
Stan smiled then kissed her. “I won’t. Don’t worry. Somehow, we’ll get through this.”
The next day, Stan met with Paul Thayer, the law firm’s private investigator. Paul knew about the aliens and had helped Stan track them down when he needed to prove a client innocent of murder charges. Luckily, the aliens didn’t know about Paul Thayer’s knowledge of their existence. Stan told Paul what he wanted him to do.
“Can your men track them without being spotted?” Stan asked. “The aliens are very advanced technologically. It’s not going to be easy.”
“No, it won’t be, but my men are very experienced. They’ll be able to handle it.”
“Good. I want to locate their base of operations and find out who their leaders are.”
“I’ll get started right away.”
“My next problem is to find a place to hide my family where the aliens can’t track us. If they discover what we’re doing Rebekah and the kids could be in danger.”
“That’s for sure. You won’t be able to use cell phones, credit cards, checks, or even your car. It’s not easy to go off the grid, you know.”
“I do know. I plan to buy a used car for cash. That way I won’t have to transfer the title. Nobody will be able to trace the vehicle to me.”
“What about a place to stay?”
“One of my clients couldn’t pay his bill, so he signed over a lake lot to me. It’s only about an hour from Dallas. I really didn’t want it, so I haven’t recorded the deed. There’s an old rundown house on it that will do for a while. We’ll tell the neighbors the family went on a cruise or something. I’ve got to continue to work so they won’t suspect anything is wrong. Besides, I can’t dump all my cases on Jodie and Paula; they’re already bearing more than their share of the load.”
“Hmm,” Paul mused. “Poor Rebekah having to move from a nice house to a shack in the country.”
Stan shrugged. “She’s okay with it as long as the family is safe.”
“How will you shake the alien tail?”
“That’s a good question. I haven’t figured that out yet. If you have any ideas, let me know.”
“I will.”
After the meeting with Paul, Stan went to his office. Unfortunately, he still had a busy law practice that required a lot of attention. He couldn’t afford to let anything slide. Between appointments, however, he looked through past case files to identify every alien from Tarizon he’d ever met or known about. 
He thought of Martin Windsor and all the business ventures Windsor had set up to provide jobs and financial support for the Tarizonians on Earth. Martin himself was probably either back on Tarizon or dead, but there were others who might still be around. 
Then he thought of Gabriel Winzell. Stan had defended his American wife after he and his children were extracted for their trip to Tarizon, and the Collin County DA claimed she’d murdered them all. But Gabe wasn’t part of Kulchz’ crew; he was just a participant in the project. Stan wondered what had happened to him after the family had been reunited. 
They had been very appreciative of Stan’s efforts in clearing Charlotte of the charges and reuniting the family, so Stan thought he might be able to talk with the Winzells without it getting back to Kulchz. He told Maria to see if she could get a current address without calling them directly. She came back a few minutes later with an address she’d gotten from one of Charlotte’s friends.
Stan wanted to pay a visit to the Winzells but wasn’t sure how to do it without Kulchz finding out. It was Friday, so he thought on Saturday he might stake out their home and perhaps follow them to a public place, where he could stage a chance encounter. While following them he’d be able to see if anyone else was watching them before he made his move. Now that he’d decided how to contact them, he thought about what to say when they met. He knew a lot would depend on their attitude, as well as Gabe’s actual knowledge of what was going on.
Stan’s thoughts then turned to getting his family to safety. He’d need some help. He didn’t want to involve his partner Paula, as she had made it clear she didn’t want anything to do with the aliens. But Jodie had been the opposite. She relished danger and had helped him deal with the aliens in the past. He decided to enlist her help again. She was working on the computer when he walked in.
“Hi. What’s going on?” he asked casually.
“Oh hi, Stan. Not much. The usual paper shuffling.”
“Hey, I’ve got a problem and I could use your help.”
Stan told Jodie about the predicament he was in and how he thought she could help him. She happily agreed.
That night, Rebekah had arranged for a family meeting, to inform the kids of the need to go off the grid for a while. They met in Plano at a noisy pizza restaurant where it would be difficult for anyone to watch or hear them. Stan passed around a note to everyone. When Reggie started to ask a question, Stan put two fingers to his lips and frowned, so no one would speak until they’d all read and understood his written instructions. 

We are being watched, and everything that we say can be heard by the people watching us. All of our lives are in danger, so do exactly as I say. Marcia, go with your mother to the bathroom. There is a car waiting in the alley. 

Reggie and Mark, Jodie will come to our table with her niece and sit down where Mom and Marcia are sitting now. Don’t show any surprise. Then, when I get up to go the bathroom, come with me.

Marcia frowned and looked at Stan and then at her brothers. Rebekah stood up. “I’ve got to go to the ladies’ room. You need to go, too, Marcia?”
“Ah . . . Yeah, I guess,” Marcia said, getting to her feet clumsily. 
Reggie looked at a wide-eyed Mark. Neither said a word. A few minutes later Jodie arrived wearing a black wig and a pleasant smile. With her was a girl about the same age as Marcia and who looked a little like her. Stan got up.
“I guess I should wash up before we eat. My hands feel grimy.”
Reggie stood up, too. “Yeah, I’ve got to take a leak.”
“Watch your language,” Jodie said, stifling a laugh.
Stan hesitated, looking at Mark. Mark stood up. “Yeah, I need to shake my lizard, too,” he said, grinning mischievously.
Jodie’s niece burst out in laughter. Mark looked very pleased with himself. Stan shook his head.
“Come on, Mr. Comedian. Let’s go.”
A black sedan with tinted windows pulled up in the alley behind the restaurant. Rebekah and Marcia got in the back seat. A moment, later Reggie and Mark joined them. Stan waved goodbye as Paul Thayer drove them away. 
Just then, Stan saw two young men standing near the men’s room. He approached them.
“You two with Jodie?”
“Yeah,” one of them said.
“Thanks for doing this.”
“No problem,” he said. “A hundred bucks for an hour’s work is a sweet deal.”
“Part of the deal is you can’t mention this to anyone,” Stan reminded him.
“Not a problem, man.”
Stan took a deep breath and went back to his restaurant table. The two boys followed him and sat down across from Jodie and her niece.
“Shall we order?” Stan asked.
Jodie nodded. “Yeah, what’s the most expensive thing on the menu?”
Stan laughed. “Funny girl.”
A waitress came over and took their orders. Stan wondered if the aliens had been fooled by their little deception. He also prayed that his family was safe.
“I always wondered what it would be like to be Mrs. Stan Turner,” Jodie commented.
“Full of surprises,” Stan replied.
“Yeah, you’ve got that right. But you know I love excitement.”
“Uh-huh. Long, lonely hours at home worrying about me.” 
“Right. On second thought, Rebekah can keep that gig. I want to work side by side with my man. I couldn’t be a stay-at-home mom.”
“Rebekah loves her children and cherishes every minute with them,” Stan explained. “She’d much rather be at home with them than working.”
“Good for her,” Jodie said, smiling. “Your kids are very lucky.”
The waitress brought their orders and they began eating. Stan looked out the window frequently to see if he could spot anything out of the ordinary. When they were done eating, Stan paid the check and they left, got into the car, and drove off. They went to Valley View Mall, and once inside, split up and walked in different directions. Stan moved through the mall and went out the back entrance of a department store, then hiked to a nearby strip center where he called for a cab. 
Later, one of Paul’s men came by and drove Stan’s car to his office. Jodie had meanwhile taken her niece and friends to a movie. 
That night, Stan joined his family at the lake house. Then he and Rebekah told the entire shocking story to the children. Stan figured that since their lives were also in jeopardy, Reggie, Mark, and Marcia had a right to know the truth. They were ecstatic to find out Peter was alive, and that they might be seeing him again.
“I knew he wasn’t dead,” Reggie declared. “It just didn’t make any sense. Peter would never get caught in a flash flood. He’s way too smart for that.”
“I didn’t think he was dead, either,” Marcia said. “We’ve always been close and I just didn’t feel like I’d lost him. It seemed like he was still out there somewhere. It’s hard to explain.”
“I knew the way you and Mom were so secretive about Peter’s death that something wasn’t right,” Mark added.
“Hmm,” Stan said. “Well, at any rate, I don’t know how long it’s going to last, but you’re all going to have to hide out awhile. I can’t let them get their hands on any of you. I love you all too much.”
“We understand, Dad,” Reggie said. “We’ll lay low for a while.”
“What if someone comes to the door?” Marcia asked.
“Don’t answer it.”
“What if it’s the police?”
“That’s not likely, but if it happens, just let Mom talk to them.”
“If you have to talk to someone,” Rebekah instructed them, “don’t give them any personal information. If they ask who you are, use your middle name, and Monroe as your last name. Your grandmother was a Monroe.”
The next morning Stan reluctantly left the family and drove into Dallas and rented a room for cash at a rundown motel not too far from his office. He planned to stay there during the week and join the family on the weekends. When he was finished settling in, he went to Gabe Winzell’s home and parked across the street, down about a block. It was a good vantage point from which to keep an eye on the place. About an hour after he arrived he saw Gabe, Charlotte, and their children leave in a Chevy Nova. It didn’t appear that anyone was watching them.
He followed them to a park where, apparently, one of the kids had a soccer game. After watching them for a moment, Stan approached Gabe.
“Gabriel Winzell. Is that you?”
Gabe turned around and did a double take. “Mr. Turner?”
“Yeah, how are you?”
“What are you doing here?”
“Ah . . . My nephew’s got a game in about a half hour. I’m a little early.”
“Oh. Cool.”
“So, how’s Charlotte doing?”
“She’s fine.”
“So, you didn’t go back . . . ah . . . back home?”
Gabe looked around nervously. “No, is that a problem?”
“No. Not at all. Let’s take a walk. I have a few questions and it’s best nobody hears our conversation.”
Gabe looked around again and then shrugged. “Sure.”
They walked away from the crowd and outside of anyone’s hearing range.
“I was just curious, you know, with the war and everything? You’re not a Purist, I take it.”
“No. Are you kidding? Do I look like a deranged lunatic?”
Stan smiled. “No. So, why not go back and fight with the Loyalists?”
“What good would that do? One man couldn’t make a difference, and I’d have to leave Charlotte again.”
“So, life is good for you now?”
“Yes, it’s wonderful.”
“Would you be willing to defend it?”
Gabe frowned. “What do you mean?”
Stan told him what Mo had said about the aliens left on Earth, and the possibility of a Purist-led fleet coming to wage war. He also told Gabe about Peter’s career on Tarizon and his possible return to Earth.
“Oh my God! I can’t believe the Purists would be able to do that. I thought we were safe here on Earth.”
“I did too,” Stan agreed. “But apparently we’re not.”
“I’ll help in any way I can, but I will not jeopardize my family again.”
“No problem. I don’t blame you. We’ll be careful to make sure nobody knows of your involvement. What I need now is to identify as many Tarizonian citizens living on Earth as possible, their businesses, investments, friends, and alliances.”
“Sure, I’ll give that some thought and write it all down for you.”
“Good. I’ll contact you in a few days to arrange a pickup. Thanks, Gabe. I’ll be in touch.” 
Stan felt a little guilty getting Gabe involved in his investigation, but he didn’t know who else to turn to for information. He was angry that the CIA had done nothing about the alien threat other than to keep it a secret. He wondered if it was time to go to the press and tell them about the Tarizon Repopulation Project. With Gabe at his side he’d have living proof of the alien presence on Earth. That would force the government to deal with the problem. But he didn’t want to do anything that might endanger Peter, so he decided to give the CIA and the government a little more time to get their act together. It was his fervent hope that they were on top of situation, but deep down he didn’t think they had a clue what the aliens had in store for them.


	Chapter 22
	Attack on Earth’s Destiny
Vice Admiral Cystrom stepped into the communications room and watched the three crew members at work. One of them saw him and smiled.
“Can we do anything for you, Vice Admiral?” Com Specialist Marth Prill asked.
“How long until we are close enough to contact our people on Earth?”
“Any day now, sir. We try every kyloon on the kyloon. We’re starting to get static and bits and pieces of voices. It shouldn’t be much longer.”
“Good. I want to be notified the loon it happens.”
“Yes, sir,” Prill replied.
Cystrom turned and walked back to the bridge anxiously. Lt. Hanze was on duty. He was staring at a blip on one of the sensors and frowning.
“Something wrong, Lieutenant?” Vice Admiral Cystrom asked.
“I don’t know. In the last few loons something has appeared on our long-range sensors.”
“What is it?”
“It’s hard to say but, whatever it is, we appear to be on the same course.”
“Is it a ship?” Cystrom asked.
“Don’t know. It appears to be traveling slightly faster than us. It has about the same mass.”
Cystrom frowned. “We need to find out what it is.”
“Yes, sir. I can send out a reconnaissance drone to take a look.”
“Do it!”
Lt. Hanze called down to the flight deck and ordered the drone sent out to identify the object.
“How long will it take to get out there?”
“We should have a visual in twenty or thirty loons.”
Vice Admiral Cystrom nodded. “I’m going to report this to the admiral. I’ll be back in ten.”
“Yes, sir,” Lt. Hanze replied.
Cystrom left the bridge and made his way to the admiral’s office. He stood before the security scanner. When it completed its scan, it announced his arrival.
“Come in,” the admiral said.
The admiral was seated at his desk, looking over some paperwork. He glanced up at Cystrom and smiled. “What can I do for you, Vice Admiral?”
“There is an unidentified object in close proximity to us,” Cystrom said. “I’ve dispatched a reconnaissance drone to get a visual. I thought you might want to be on the bridge when it comes on screen.”
“Yes, absolutely. What do you think it is?”
“I don’t know. Possibly a Loyalist shuttle. It seems to be traveling slightly faster than we are.”
“Hmm. That’s odd. I was told all our ships had the same maximum speed.”
“That’s what I understood as well.”
The admiral stood up and put on his coat, and they left to go back to the bridge. 
“Atten-tion! Admirals on the bridge,” one of the crew announced. Everyone got to their feet. The admiral motioned for them to sit down.
“How much longer till we get a visual?” Vice Admiral Cystrom asked.
“Should be momentarily,” Lt. Hanze said.
All eyes were on the huge blank screen facing them. It began to flicker. Then a fuzzy object appeared in the distance.
“Can we zoom in on that?”
Lt. Hanze glanced over at one of his crew members. The man nodded and began typing some commands on his computer. “On it, sir.”
Suddenly the image grew larger. Everyone gasped as they recognized the big attack cruiser.
“That’s not Earth’s Destiny, is it, Lieutenant?” Vice Admiral Cystrom asked.
“Ah. I’m afraid it is, sir.” 
Anger began welling in Evohn like he’d never felt it before. He stared at Earth’s Destiny in disbelief. “How could this be? How was it repaired so quickly?”
“And how was it able to catch up with us?” the admiral asked.
“I can’t believe this! The Loyalists have an attack cruiser!” Cystrom screamed. “I knew it was a mistake leaving Earth’s Destiny. Damn it! This is totally unacceptable!”
Lt. Hanze swallowed hard. “What should we do?”
“We can’t let it get to Earth before us,” Vice Admiral Cystrom insisted. “It will totally disrupt all of our plans.”
“But how can we stop it?” Lt. Hanze asked.
As they were talking, Lt. Lethrow walked onto the bridge. The admiral frowned at him. 
“What’s wrong?” Lt. Lethrow asked.
Cystrom pointed to the screen. Lt. Lethrow’s eyes widened. “Holy Sandee. Earth’s Destiny.”
“We’re trying to understand how the Loyalists got Earth’s Destiny repaired and why it is traveling so fast,” the admiral explained.
Lt. Lethrow grew pale. “It must be Rossi Sincini’s doing,” he said. 
“Who?” 
“Rossi Sincini. He’s the engineer who designed and supervised the building of the FTL drives. He’s pretty much a genius. He’s the only one who could have done this.”
“He must have been one of the saboteurs,” Lt. Hanze reasoned.
“Okay. Earth’s Destiny is here,” the admiral said. “We can’t change that fact, so what are we going to do about it?”
“You said it’s going faster than us?” Lt. Lethrow asked.
“Yes,” Lt. Hanze replied.
“Then we don’t have much time to attack it before it’s out of range. We have to intercept it soon.”
“Yes,” Vice Admiral Cystrom said. “Somebody figure out how much time we have.”
Several crew members began scrambling around. A few loons later one of them said, “We must engage them in the next two kyloons or they’ll be out of range.”
“How can we destroy a battle cruiser?” Lt. Hanze asked. “It has the same defenses we have. If we go after it with fighters they’ll just launch fighters back at us.”
“Do they even have fighters?” Lt. Lethrow asked. “We didn’t leave them any.”
“I’m sure they’ve fully loaded it with fighters,” Vice Admiral Cystrom said. “Lorin Boskie is not stupid. She probably laughed her head off when she found out Rossi Sincini had hijacked an attack cruiser.”
“There’s got to be something we can do,” the admiral pressed.
Cystrom raised his eyebrows. “Perhaps there is.”
Everyone looked at him expectantly. He smiled. “If we shoot a missile at the attack cruiser, its ionic shield will cause the missile to prematurely blow up, right?”
“Yes,” Lt. Lethrow agreed.
“But what if the fighter that fired the missile didn’t pull up after releasing it, but just kept on going straight at the battle cruiser? The ionic shield wouldn’t stop it.”
“No. But it would disable all of the fighter’s navigation and electronics.”
“Even so, its momentum would send it right into the battle cruiser, wouldn’t it? And if that fighter was full of bombs and explosive—”
“Right,” Lt. Lethrow interrupted. Then he added, “But the pilot would die, wouldn’t he?”
“Couldn’t you send it in unmanned, on autopilot?” Lt. Hanze asked.
“No. Not when you are dealing with an attack cruiser traveling FTL. A pilot is necessary to make numerous course corrections based on visual observation.”
“So, you’re talking about a suicide mission?” the admiral asked.
“Yes, exactly,” Vice Admiral Cystrom said.
“But who would be willing to do it?” Lt. Hanze asked tentatively.
“Oh, I know just the person,” Vice Admiral Cystrom said.
“Who?” the admiral asked.
“Our beloved ex–Vice Admiral; I’m sure he would like to be remembered as a hero rather than a traitor, don’t you think?”
The admiral smiled. “Yes, indeed. I’m sure he would.”
“What if he refuses?” Lt. Hanze asked.
“We won’t let him refuse,” Vice Admiral Cystrom said. “He will do this or he and his wife and children on Earth will die a slow, agonizing death.”
“But even if a fighter gets through the ionic shield, what’s to stop them from blowing it up with their lasers?” Lt. Lethrow asked.
“They’ll only have a few tiks to destroy the fighter once it breaks through the ionic shield,” Lt Hanze noted. “Hopefully, by the time they figure out what happened it will be too late.”
“Yes, but we can’t take any chances,” Vice Admiral Cystrom said. “Vice Admiral Brunns will not be attacking the cruiser alone. He will be one of a hundred fighters attacking it, so Earth’s Destiny’s defenses will be taxed to their limit and it is unlikely they’ll be able to respond to a solo suicide assault.” 
The admiral nodded. “Yes, that’s our best chance. I’ll go tell the Vice Admiral the good news. Lt. Lethrow. Prepare a battle plan and bring it to my office within ten loons.”
“Yes, sir,” Lt. Lethrow said.
Cystrom took Lt. Lethrow’s arm and said, “Come on. I’ll help you.”
The admiral went straight to Brunns’ quarters, where he was under house arrest. Lt. Muri had been visiting and was just leaving. The admiral stopped her.
“Lt. Muri. I’m glad you’re here. I’m going to need your help.”
“Yes, sir. What can I do for you?”
“Help me convince Brunns to do the right thing?”
Lt. Muri frowned but made no objection. She didn’t know what was in store for the Vice-Admiral but, whatever it was she was glad it was happening to him and not her. “Yes, sir,” she replied.
The guards on duty let the admiral and Lt. Muri in. Brunns looked up in surprise but didn’t say anything. The admiral took a deep breath and then explained the situation. Brunns put his head in his hands.
“So, I’m giving you the opportunity to go in the history books as a martyr,” the admiral said. “No one will ever know of your treason.”
“But I did nothing wrong,” Brunns complained. “Those letters were planted. I’ve never seen them before.”
“So you say, but do you deny that you left your wife and children on Earth quite wealthy?”
“No, but I just didn’t want them to suffer after I was gone. I never intended to return to them.”
“Why didn’t you bring your children back to Tarizon? That’s what you should have done.”
“They were too old. It would have been too traumatic for them.”
“Prove your innocence by making a martyr of yourself, Rugge. No one will doubt you if you destroy Earth’s Destiny.”
“What if I refuse?” the Vice Admiral asked meekly.
“Then you’ll die anyway. Tomorrow I’ll convene a court martial. You’ll be convicted of treason and your punishment will be ejection into space without life support. All who conspired with you, on Earth or Tarizon, will be also be executed as soon as they are identified, including your wife and children.”
Brunns grew pale and started to shake violently. Lt. Muri went over to him, put an arm around him and held him tightly. When he’d settled down she whispered in his ear, “Do the right thing. Make me proud.” He looked up at her, sighed, and nodded.
“I’ll give you ten loons to regain your composure, and then you’ll need to report to the flight deck,” the admiral said. “Lt. Muri. Stay with him and see to it that he reports on time.”
“Yes, sir,” Lt. Muri said.
The admiral left and went back to his quarters. Lt. Lethrow and Vice Admiral Cystrom were there working on the battle plan. They went over it with the admiral, and when he was satisfied it was as good as it could be, he began giving orders for its implementation. Then he contacted the other attack cruisers in the Fleet and advised them of the situation. It was agreed that two of the cruisers would be used in the attack on Earth’s Destiny and the others would continue on to Earth without interruption.
When the meeting with the admiral was over, Vice Admiral Cystrom and Lt. Lethrow went to the flight deck to check on preparations for the battle. Their primary concern was the suicide fighter. It had to be rigged with enough explosives and bombs to penetrate the lemdinium hull of the attack cruiser. The Vice Admiral was there inspecting the plane when they approached it.
“You need to try to fly into an open docking bay and get into the interior of the ship before the fighter detonates,” Vice Admiral Cystrom told him.
Brunns nodded.
“Stay in the middle of the pack so if you’re attacked with lasers they won’t hit you but rather the fighters around you.”
Brunns sighed. “Right.”
Evohn Cystrom wasn’t convinced Brunns would follow through with the assignment. He feared he would break off and make a run for freedom. It would be a futile escape attempt, as he’d run out of fuel and oxygen eventually and die anyway, but Cystrom realized he might prefer that over ejection into space without life support. So, after the pilots had been briefed for the mission, he asked for a volunteer to back up the Vice Admiral.
“You all know how important the success of this mission is,” Vice Admiral Cystrom told the pilots. “If Earth’s Destiny reaches Earth, then OCE might be seriously jeopardized. I know this is a horrible thing to ask, but we can’t trust the success of this mission to a traitor. If Brunns, for any reason, does not fly his fighter to glory, then we must have a backup fighter ready to do it for him. Therefore, I’m asking for a volunteer to stand ready should he turn out to be a coward.”
There were gasps from the pilots. They looked around anxiously. Nobody volunteered.
“If I don’t get a volunteer then I’ll pick someone randomly,” Cystrom warned them. “But the Vice Admiral will probably do his duty in any event, so it’s not necessarily a suicide assignment. And whoever volunteers will get a double promotion and the Medal of Valor.”
There was much conversation, and then a hand slowly went up. Vice Admiral Cystrom pointed to the man. “State your name please,” he asked.
“Second Lieutenant Ozzieh Ozwell, sir,” he said.
“Thank you, Captain Ozwell. You are an inspiration to us all.”
Ozwell smiled and nodded proudly. Everyone else breathed a sigh of relief. 
While Lt. Lethrow and Vice Admiral Cystrom returned to the bridge, flight crews fitted Ozzieh Ozwell’s fighter identically to Vice Admiral Brunns’. Several loons later, the Purist Fleet’s flagship, Videl’s Revenge, was ready for its encounter with Earth’s Destiny. The second attack cruiser staying for the fight was Humanities Hope. When the signal was given, Lt. Lethrow and his first squadron of 100 fighters took off to attack Earth’s Destiny in flight and force it to stop and do battle.
Since most of a battle cruiser’s defenses required the ship’s entire power supply, an attack often forced the ship to slow down or stop completely before the defense systems could be fully powered up. Thus, the purpose of the initiating attack by Lt. Lethrow was twofold. First, they would force Earth’s Destiny to stop, which would allow the rest of the Fleet a chance to reach Earth first, and secondly, they would give the primary attack plan a better chance of success, because the enemy would already be distracted. 
Although an attack cruiser had few defenses while traveling FTL, a moving target traveling at such a high velocity is difficult to hit. With Earth’s Destiny traveling faster than the Fleet they’d have only one opportunity to intercept it. If they missed now, they would never be able to catch it again. 

	Chapter 23
	Joint Task Force
Stan joined his family Saturday night, spending the day with them on Sunday. Late Sunday night he drove into Dallas and stayed in his motel room. On Monday morning he walked to his office, entering through the back freight office. Jodie was in her office when Stan stuck his head inside.
“Good morning,” he said.
“Hey, Stan. How are you?”
“Fine.”
“And the family?”
“Just fine, and yours?”
“They are all quite well. We all had a great weekend.”
“Oh. Good to hear it.”
“See you, then,” Stan said and breathed a sigh of relief.
Stan continued toward his office, but before he got there Maria intercepted him. 
“Mo called.”
“He did? What did he want?”
“He wants you to meet him at DFW Airport at 1 p.m., Gate A38.”
Stan shook his head in disbelief. He’s got a lot of nerve. After leaving me in the dark for a year he suddenly demands I drop everything and meet him.. “Do I have any appointments?”
“Yes, but I’ve already switched them around. I knew you’d want to meet with Mo.”
“Thanks.”
“Oh, by the way: He said to bring a suitcase and clothes for a few days.”
“What?”
“Yeah, he didn’t say where you were going. I asked, but he said he’d tell you when you met.”
“Wonderful,” Stan groaned.
Stan couldn’t call Rebekah to let her know what was happening, so he wrote a short note and told Jodie to be sure Paul Thayer got it. She said she would. Stan wondered where he’d be traveling and for what purpose. Obviously things were heating up. He hoped the CIA was finally going to do something about the Tarizonian threat, but he wasn’t going to get his hopes up.
At 12:30 Stan drove into Terminal A’s parking garage. He walked into the terminal and found Gate A38. There was no sign of Mo, so he found a chair and sat. He wondered where Mo was sending him, how long he’d be gone, and how Rebekah and the kids would react when they found out he’d left town. At 12:55 Mo showed up, accompanied by another man. Mo shook Stan’s hand and introduced him to Marvin Snead of the FBI. 
“So, where are we going?” Stan asked.
“Langley, Virginia,” Mo replied.
“CIA headquarters?” Stan asked.
“Yes,” Mo acknowledged. “Some folks want to talk to you, but let’s not discuss it now, okay?”
“Right,” Stan said.
“So, how’s your family?” Mo asked.
“They’re fine. They went on a Caribbean cruise for a couple of weeks.”
“Good. Bet they’ll have fun,” Mo said.
Their plane was called, and they boarded the nonstop flight to Washington National. During the flight, they talked about the weather, the Dallas Cowboys, and other topics to pass the time, but nothing was said about the purpose of the meeting. When they landed, a limo picked them up and took them to Langley. They were escorted to a big conference room with a large video screen at one end for teleconferencing. Stan took a seat next to Mo and the room filled up quickly. Five minutes later Agent Snead stood up.
“Ladies and gentlemen. I’d like to introduce you to Stan Turner from Dallas, Texas. You may have heard of him. He’s a fairly well-known criminal defense attorney.”
Heads nodded and people smiled in recognition. Stan nodded back appreciatively.
“Stan has done contract work for the Agency from time to time, and his last assignment was on the Tarizon Repopulation Project, which most of you knew nothing about until recently.
“Stan, for your information, this is a meeting of a joint task force recently commissioned by the President to assess the threat posed by the aliens from Tarizon who now live among us.”
Stan nodded.
“We’ve brought Mr. Turner here today to tell you about his son’s abduction and exile to Tarizon, as well as what he knows about the humans from Tarizon who have remained on Earth in violation of the treaty signed between the governments of Tarizon and the United States. Mr. Turner, why don’t you tell us how you got involved in the Tarizon Repopulation Project?”
Stan smiled tentatively. “Well, it started when my son was at Boy Scout camp at Possum Kingdom Lake in Central Texas. One day he called to tell me there had been a terrible jeep accident and one of his friends had been killed. The driver of the vehicle was the junior assistant scoutmaster, and he was initially charged with negligent homicide. Since I was an attorney and I knew the defendant, Steven Caldwell, he asked me to represent him. That’s when the alien presence first surfaced. When I asked Steven what had happened to cause him to drive off a cliff, he said he was distracted and mesmerized by an alien spacecraft hovering overhead.
“Of course, I didn’t believe him and tried to find other explanations for what had happened, but he stuck tenaciously to his story. The charges against Steven were bumped up to murder when it was learned that the victim and Steven had a common girlfriend. 
“In conducting my murder investigation I came across irrefutable evidence of an alien presence on Earth. In fact, my son Peter and I actually saw an alien spacecraft emerge from Cactus Island, which sits in the middle of Possum Kingdom Lake, and fly off overhead. Eventually I got Steven off by proving that a local businessman flew a strange-looking experimental airplane over the lake in order to add credibility to the Steven Caldwell story. The inference that the same aircraft might have been what Steven saw on the night of the accident was enough to create reasonable doubt, although I personally wasn’t satisfied we’d adequately explained the incident.”
Many of the members began whispering to one another and taking notes frantically. Stan waited for them to quiet down.
“About the same time, Mo here referred a divorce case to our firm,” he continued. “My partner took Cheryl Windsor’s case against her husband, Martin. What nobody told us was that Martin Windsor was actually an alien from Tarizon. The divorce case quickly turned to a murder defense when Martin Windsor disappeared and Cheryl’s children were kidnaped. 
“Once again, as we conducted our investigation, things got strange. People would be there one minute and then disappear. Several crime scenes were left so clean as to be free of any forensic evidence whatsoever, and the authorities were at a loss to explain how it could have been done. It was obvious that we were dealing with something or somebody quite extraordinary. 
“When the trial began, one of my staff spotted one of the Windsor children’s kidnapers. This man had eluded us in the past by simply disappearing at will. We began to suspect he had some sort of memory erasing device, which he used to disorient people and make them forget they’d seen him. We knew that we had to stop him from using that device or he’d simply continue to disappear whenever he needed to, so we set up a trap to get him arrested so quickly and unexpectedly that he wouldn’t have the opportunity to use the device.
“The plan worked so well that not only was the man arrested but we also managed to recover his memory altering device.”
“Do you still have it?” Agent Snead asked excitedly.
“No, it was stolen from my safety deposit box that very night.”
There was a general sigh of disappointment.
“So, you can’t prove that such a device exists?” Mo asked.
“I don’t have to. The aliens used it or one like it twice during the trial. The man who had been arrested managed to escape before he could testify, and our client was abducted right out of the courtroom while she was in the middle of her testimony. Neither action could have been carried out without the aid of such a device.”
“Mr. Turner,” said another of the meeting’s participants. “I’m Captain John Morgan, Army Intelligence. I read the reports of your trial, and while it is certainly bizarre, the general consensus is that some friend of your client managed to explode a chemical agent in the courtroom that temporarily rendered everyone unconscious. I find it hard to believe there is a device that can actually erase memories.”
Stan cleared his throat. “Believe me, I was as skeptical as anyone about the existence of this device, but I know it exists because it’s been used on me several times. And the spaceships use the same technology when they fly over people on the ground. They flash a blue light as they pass that makes any witnesses forget what they saw.”
Captain Morgan laughed. “That’s preposterous.”
“I guess you’re the type of person who has to see something to believe it, right?”
Captain Morgan nodded. 
“Well, this isn’t as good as the real thing,” Stan said, “but I did take a picture of the memory gun, as we called it.” 
He slipped his hand into his coat pocket and pulled out an envelope. He slid it across the table to Captain Morgan. Morgan picked it up eagerly and opened it. His eyes widened as he studied it. A minute later he looked up at Stan and then passed the photograph to the person next to him.
“Okay, fine,” he said. “But photographs can be faked.”
Stan shook his head. “My son’s abduction was not faked. I promise you that.”
“Oh, yes,” Morgan said. “Tell us about that.”
Stan related the story of Peter’s disappearance and Mo’s revelation that Peter had been abducted. Mo was asked to confirm the story and he did. Stan went on to tell the group about Kulchz and his first assignment from the CIA to defend Charlotte Winzell.
“That’s how I know for sure they abducted him. I was shown videos of him on Tarizon.”
“How many times did you see these videos?” Captain Morgan asked.
“Twice. Once when he first got there and was taken to a hotel and later at a restaurant where I saw him meeting a judge of some sort who was going to hire him as an intern.”
“Did you hear anything else about your son?”
“Just that he’d joined the military and was going to fight with the Loyalist side in the civil war.”
“Did Kulchz tell you about that?”
“No. Kulchz had assigned me an intern, Tehra Connolly. She told me that.”
“He assigned you an intern?” Captain Morgan asked.
Stan told them about Tehra and how they had become close. He also told them about Tehra’s pregnancy.
“You got her pregnant?” Captain Morgan asked.
“Apparently. I don’t have any memory of it.”
There were muted chuckles from around the room.
“You think she used the memory gun on you?”
“No, she didn’t have to. She was part seafolken, and when seafolken women make love they bite the male and inject a chemical that enhances the sexual experience. However, one of the side effects is that the male has no memory of the event.”
More chuckles and some outright laughter.
Agent Snead cleared his throat. “Okay, Mr. Turner. Tell us about your last encounter with the aliens.”
Stan told them about his rescue of Tehra and the other Loyalists from Lake Tawokoni, about taking them to the Double T Ranch in Wylie, and about the subsequent attack by TGA fighters.
“Alien fighters attacked you?” Captain Morgan asked incredulously.
“Yes, there were at least three of them.”
“Describe them for us.”
“There are two slender fuselages joined together by a cockpit in between them. Kind of like a giant tuning fork.”
“How big were they?”
“About the size of one of our modern jet fighters.”
“Hmm. What kind of weapons did they fire at you?”
“I don’t know. Things just started blowing up. We had to take cover pretty quickly.”
“Did you see missiles? Death rays? What exactly?”
“Yes I did see a missile trail just before the house exploded. There were also bursts of what looked like straight lightning.”
“Straight lightning?”
“Yes, like a bolt of lightning but perfectly straight like a beam of light, except it gave off a lot of heat and whatever it hit exploded.”
There were murmurs amongst the delegates, and the mood became somber.
“This woman who helped you hide the Loyalist aliens, is she available to testify?”
“I haven’t talked to her in a while, but I don’t know why not.”
“Good. Some corroboration would be helpful.”
“I’ll call her when I get back to Dallas.”
“No need,” Captain Morgan said. “Just tell Agent Snead where she can be found. He’ll contact her.”
“All right,” Stan said.
“That’s all for now, Mr. Turner.” Agent Snead said.
“Don’t leave the planet,” Captain Morgan added.
The chuckles and stifled laughter made Stan wonder if they believed a word he’d said.
Mo turned to Stan. “Don’t mind them. They’re still in denial. They just found out about the Tarizon Repopulation Project last week so it’s still a little hard for them to swallow.”
Stan glared at the task force members. “What? You all think this is a joke? They took my son, for godsakes. They’ve been watching my family. I had to put them in hiding. I took a great risk coming here and leaving them alone.”
“And we appreciate that, but you’ve got to understand how bizarre this whole thing sounds,” Captain Morgan said.
“I know it sounds bizarre,” Stan countered, “but I assure you it’s real.”
“You know what would really convince us of this alien threat?” Captain Morgan asked as he leaned forward in his chair.
“What’s that?” Stan asked.
“If one of the aliens came and testified.”
Mo shook his head. “Not likely. The ones who are still here are involved in the conspiracy, so I don’t think they’ll be saying much. Plus, the President has made it crystal clear that this investigation is to be kept secret and we are not to do anything to attract the attention of the press.”
“Actually,” Stan said, “I can bring an alien to you for questioning. I talked to him yesterday and he’s agreed to help in any way he can as long as his identity is kept secret and you give him immunity and political asylum.”
Morgan fell back into his chair. “Really? This isn’t an Earthchild, but a full-blood Tarizonian?”
“Absolutely. He didn’t want to leave his family, so he’s stayed here. He can tell you all about the program and whatever you want to know about Tarizon.”
“When can you get him here?”
“How about tomorrow late afternoon? I’ll fly back to Dallas and pick him up and bring him straight here. That will give you time to get with the attorney general and put everything in writing before he talks. He and his family will need protection after he testifies.” 
Captain Morgan looked around the room and heads nodded. “I think we can agree to that. Mo, you and Agent Snead should go with Mr. Turner. Maybe you should get some backup from the FBI’s Dallas office. What’s the alien’s name?”
Stan sighed. “Ah. Don’t take offense, but the aliens pretty much know everything that’s going on. I wouldn’t be alerting anyone else or even talking about this amongst yourselves for now. That’s why I’m not going to give you his name. I promised him he’d be protected.”
“And that’s exactly why we need his identity,” Captain Morgan insisted. “So we can get some protection over there right now. We don’t want our only cooperative alien witness disappearing. Besides, how can we get the paperwork you want if we don’t know his name?” Morgan asked.
“Just leave the name blank. You can fill it in after he gets here. If nobody knows who he is they won’t be looking for him.”
“I don’t think the attorney general is going to give immunity to an unknown person,” Morgan said.
“He’s right, Stan,” Snead agreed. “We should get your friend under protective custody immediately. You need to tell us who it is.”
Stan looked at Snead. He wondered if he could trust him. Then he realized his own analysis had been flawed. 
“Maybe you’re right,” he said finally. “Even if I didn’t tell you who it was, the aliens could figure it out pretty quickly. Okay, the man’s name is Gabriel Winzell. You’ll need to protect his wife and children, too. If the aliens are holding any of them as hostages, Gabe will be worthless to you.”
Stan gave them Gabe’s address and his description. “Don’t let them question him until I get there. Tell him I’m coming. He trusts me, but if he gets spooked he’ll clam up. And remember what I told you about the memory gun. If you let them use it on you, they’ll be in and out and you won’t even know they were there.”
Snead nodded and left before Stan finished. “Don’t worry, Stan,” Mo said. “They’ll just keep the Winzells safe until we get there.”
“Yeah, sure they will,” Stan said. He shook his head. “They don’t understand what they’re up against.”
Mo shrugged. “Come on. Let’s see when the next flight leaves for Dallas.”
When Agent Snead rejoined them after his call to the LA office of the FBI, he checked for flights to Dallas but found there weren’t any until morning, so he and Mo took Stan to dinner. After they’d eaten they went to a hotel and each checked into a room for the night. Later they met in the hotel bar for a drink.
“So, Agent Snead,” Stan said. “Are you a believer now or are you still skeptical?”
“Well, I’ve known Mo for a long time, and if he says we’ve had a secret arrangement with a planet called Tarizon for the last forty years, well then, we must have. What would be the point of lying about something like that?”
“But you’ll feel a lot better when you see some hard proof, right?” Stan suggested.
Snead laughed. “You’ve got that right.”
“Well, do you remember the robbery of the First American National Bank of Dallas a couple of years ago? Agent Lot of the Dallas FBI office handled that investigation.”
“I heard something about it.”
“The thieves got in and back out of the vault, carrying the contents of a safety deposit box, without any evidence that the vault was even opened.”
“Right. I remember. That was a strange case.”
“Well, it was the aliens who got into the vault without setting off any of its many alarms or leaving any trace of anyone having been there. But they did manage to remove the contents of my safety deposit box, which, coincidentally, contained the alien memory gun.”
“Really?”
“Yes. Call Agent Lot. I’m sure he’s still shaking his head over it. I couldn’t tell him about the aliens as I’m sure you can appreciate.”
Agent Snead’s cell phone rang. He flipped it open and put it to his ear. As he listened his eyes widened. He looked at Stan, shook his head, and then closed the phone.
“What?” Stan asked expectantly.
“They’re gone. The apartment is completely empty and there is no sign of them.”
“Damn it!” Stan yelled. “I knew this would happen.”
“Something else kind of strange happened,” Agent Snead said. “It seems several of the Winzells’ neighbors had to be taken to the local emergency room this afternoon. They all apparently fainted for no known reason and were found unconscious.”
Stan nodded. “The memory gun. I warned you about the memory gun.”

Chapter 24
The Battle of Saturn
On board Earth’s Destiny, Specialist 1st Class Wald Grugger watched half a dozen sensor screens for signs of anything that might prove a threat or hazard to the ship. His shift was almost over, and he was tired and a bit blurry eyed. For this very reason the sensors were equipped with alarms that would sound if an object of any substantial size came within range. 
The alarm sounded, and a rhythmic bleep . . . bleep . . . bleep came from the medium-range sensor’s speaker. Grugger looked at the screen curiously. First one blip appeared, then another, then the screen filled with dozens of tiny blips representing objects coming toward Earth’s Destiny.
“Colonel, we have multiple objects ahead coming at us,” he reported.
“Can you tell what they are?” Colonel Belmoht asked.
“I’d say a meteor storm except the pattern is too uniform, and the odds against such an occurrence are astronomical. My guess is, it’s fighters, sir.”
“Fighters?”
“Yes. From one of the attack cruisers, probably. We’ve just about caught up with them. They must have spotted us.”
“How much time do we have?”
“Ten loons at best, sir.”
“Ask Commander General Lavendar to come to the bridge.”
“Yes, sir.”
Colonel Belmoht pushed the ship-wide alert button on his console. A piercing alarm began to sound. Crew members, wherever they were, rushed to their battle stations. All pilots scrambled to the flight decks and began putting on their flight suits. Rossi Sincini rushed to the bridge.
“What’s happening?” he asked.
“Incoming fighters,” Colonel Belmoht advised. “Should we power up our shields?”
“Ah . . . We can’t while we’re traveling FTL.”
“Should we stop the ship, then?” 
“I don’t know. The odds of them doing any serious damage are slim. They’ll only have one shot at us and then we’ll be out of their range.”
Tam stepped onto the bridge and looked over at the beeping sensor screen. “So, the fun finally begins.”
“It appears that way,” Colonel Belmoht said.
“So, what are we going to do about it?” Tam asked thoughtfully.
“I don’t recommend stopping, sir,” Rossi said. “That’s probably what they want us to do. I’d just send out a flurry of missiles in their direction and fire our lasers at anybody who comes in close. We can take quite a pounding before they’ll do any serious damage to us. The attack won’t last long before we’ve passed beyond their range.”
“What about our fighters?” Tam asked.
“Once they left Earth’s Destiny, they’d never make it back on board. We can only deploy the fighters if we slow down to below their maximum speed.”
“All right, I’ll think about that,” Tam said. “What about evasive maneuvers?”
“If necessary, but any course alteration will delay our arrival on Earth.”
“What do you think, Colonel?” Tam asked.
“I’ll defer to Mr. Sincini. He’s the expert.”
Tam nodded and watched the screen as the blips got closer and closer. “Advise the crew to maintain battle positions.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Two loons to contact,” Grugger advised. 
Tam and the others took their seats and strapped themselves in.
“What would happen if we collided with one of the fighters?” Tam asked. “There are a lot of them out there, so that’s a distinct possibility.”
“Ah. We’d be annihilated, sir,” Rossi said. “But I doubt any pilot would intentionally hit us head-on. That would be suicide.”
“These are the Purists, remember,” Tam said. “They are fanatics and they think they are on a mission for God. It wouldn’t surprise me if one of them tried to ram us head-on.”
“Then we better play it safe,” Rossi reasoned. “We should stop and engage them. It’s hard to destroy a battle cruiser.”
Colonel Belmoht nodded. “Kill the main drive and engage reverse thrusters! Activate all defensive shields and launch fighters!”
The ship rocked and swayed violently as the reverse thrusters came on and brought the attack cruiser to an abrupt halt. Fighters immediately began streaming out from six different launching platforms and circled around to engage the enemy. The first wave of enemy fighters exchanged laser fire with the defenders. A second wave of attackers slipped by and sent a barrage of missiles toward Earth’s Destiny. The missiles exploded the moment they hit the ionic shield, scattering debris and a thick cloud of fine dust in all directions and cutting visibility around the ship markedly. 
“They have the advantage of superior numbers,” Rossi noted as he watched the battle on the big screen in front of the bridge.
“True,” Tam said. “But I’m sure the morale of our pilots is better. They all volunteered for this mission. That is not the case with the Purist pilots.”
“Who’s our squadron commander today?” Rossi asked.
“Lt. Ul Lamh,” Tam replied.
“I hope he’s on his game today.”
Frequent lasers blasts and an occasional exploding fighter lit up the sky. Grugger ignored the light show and kept a close eye on all the sensors.
“Squadron Commander, report,” Colonel Belmoht ordered.
“SQ1 reporting. Twenty-one kills, six fighters down, enemy on the run.”
“Very well. Do not pursue. Split up your squadron and keep an eye out for more intruders.”
“Yes, sir. Will do.”
Grugger’s eyes narrowed as he focused on one of the ship’s rear-facing sensors. “A very large object is approaching aft,” he advised.
“That would be the battle cruiser,” Sincini noted.
“There’s another one forward!” Grugger said.
Tam sighed. “Two against one. That’s hardly fair.”
“SQ1,” Colonel Belmoht said.
“Yes, sir.”
“Have you spotted any attack cruisers?”
“Yes, one is just coming into view now.”
“Can you identify?”
“Yes, according to its markings it is Videl’s Revenge.”
“That figures,” Tam said. “I wonder if the entire Fleet is here to gang up on us?”
“I doubt it,” Colonel Belmoht said. “The rest of them are no doubt taking advantage of our delay.”
“I’m being advised that the other one is Humanities Hope, sir,” SQ1 said.
“A better name would have been Earth’s Despair,” Tam noted.
“Sir,” Grugger said. “Fighters are launching from both attack cruisers.”
“SQ1. We’re under attack from two attack cruisers, fore and aft. Split your squadron and engage the enemy.”
“Yes, sir . . . This is SQ1, first wing forward, second wing aft. May God and Sandee be with you!”
“Sir,” Grugger said. “They’re sending everything they’ve got at us. We’re going to be outgunned three to one.”
“It’s all right. We have superior pilots,” Tam replied confidently. 
“Incoming missiles,” Grugger advised. “Three, six, eight of them.”
The front viewport lit up when the missiles exploded as they hit the ionic shield. The ship shook hard from the shock waves. Lights dimmed, and loose objects fell to the deck.
“SQ1. How are we doing out there?” Tam asked.
“Our kill rate’s double theirs, but there are just too many of them.”
Grugger leaned in toward the sensor screens and squinted. “Sir, there are more fighters coming in on our starboard in a tight formation. There must be at least fifty of them.” 
Tam looked at Rossi. “If all fifty launch missiles at us will the ionic shield hold?”
“No problem,” Rossi said confidently. “We’ll just get knocked around a bit from the shock waves. But we’d better close all launch platforms.”
“Lock down all launch platforms,” Tam ordered.
“Incoming missiles,” Grugger reported. “Three, ten, twenty—oh my God! There’s too many to count.”
The ship rocked wildly, lights flickered, and then there was an explosion so powerful, fixtures and equipment were ripped from their deck bolting and sent crashing into the walls. There were screams of horror and shrieks of pain from the crew as they were pelted by flying debris or felt their vital organs twisted and ripped apart. The screams of agony continued until most aboard had lost consciousness or succumbed to the brutal thrashing. Then there was nothing but silence and darkness.


Lt. Lethrow flew his fighter around Earth’s Destiny, looking for any sign of life. The suicide mission appeared to have been a success, and the big attack cruiser seemed dead in space. In his mind, he didn’t see how anyone inside could have survived such an explosion, yet the hull somehow had not been breached. He pushed his com link.
“No sign of life,” he reported. “Scanners show all power off-line. I think we’ve accomplished our mission.”
“We can’t take any chances,” Evohn Cystrom replied. “We’ve got to make sure everyone inside is dead.”
“How can we do that?” Lt. Hanze asked from his station on the bridge. “If the explosion from the Vice Admiral’s fighter didn’t breach the hull we can shoot missiles at it all day and not accomplish anything.”
“You’re right, so that’s why we have to board her.”
The admiral looked at Evohn. “You think that’s wise?”
Evohn shrugged. “Do you think it is wise to just leave the ship dead in space? What if the crew is alive, wakes up, and is able to power up the FTL drive again? We will have accomplished nothing. But if we board her we can do a proper assessment. If she’s flight worthy we’ll take control of her again. If she’s too damaged for travel, we’ll blow her up from the inside.”
The admiral shrugged. “Well, I guess the only risk is to the boarding party. They might have to fight their way aboard.”
“What if they fire their lasers at us when we get close?” Lt. Hanze asked.
“We can withstand a laser attack. Our hull is just as strong as theirs,” Evohn argued.
“Very well,” the admiral said. “Instruct Humanities Hope to organize a boarding party. With a little luck, we might get the Fleet back up to full strength.”


Lt. Lamh flew by Earth’s Destiny looking for signs of life.
“ED1, do you read? ED1, do you read?” He saw nothing until he spotted the wreckage of a fighter smashed up against a launching platform. The exterior of the ship was smoldering from the explosion, but it didn’t appear the hull had been breached. “ED1, do you read?”
Rossi Sincini’s eyes opened. He blinked and tried to remember what had happened. He sat up and looked around. The bridge was intact but dark. All power had been lost. He saw Tam sitting limp in his chair. Rossi unbuckled his restraints and staggered over to him. “Commander, are you all right?” Tam didn’t respond, so Rossi put his hands on Tam’s shoulders and shook him slightly. “Commander, wake up.”
Tam woke up with a start. “Wha–”
“Commander, we’re still here. The hull wasn’t breached.”
Tam blinked and looked around. “Holy Sandee! What happened?”
“I don’t know. I guess some missiles must have gotten through.”
“What happened to our power?”
Colonel Belmoht began to stir. “Ahhh . . . Oh, God. What happened?” he moaned.
“We need to get the power back on. We’re sitting dirkbirds right now,” Rossi warned.
“Right,” Tam said. “What do you think killed the power?”
“Some primary connections must have been severed. I’ll get a crew together to do a visual inspection. In the meantime push that red button, over there on the center console, and the emergency power will come on. It will be enough for lights, communications, and vital sensors.”
Tam reached over and pushed the button. The lights flickered and came on, and static came out over the com links. 
“ED1, do you read,” SQ1 said.
“ED1, here,” Tam said.
“Thank Sandee. I thought you were all dead in there.”
“Not all of us. What’s the situation out there?” Tam asked.
“What’s left of the enemy fighters have returned to their nests.”
“Where are the attack cruisers?”
“They’re still out there watching you.”
“How many of your squadron are left?”
“Only twenty-one, I’m afraid,” Lamh said.
“Okay, we’re working on restoring our power. As soon as we do we’ll open the launching platforms so you can come back in.”
“Affirmative. We’ll be waiting.”
The close-range sensor began to beep. Grugger woke up suddenly and looked around. “What the—”
“Specialist, why’s your sensor beeping?” Tam asked.
Grugger looked at Tam like he’d never seen him before. “Huh?”
“That sensor; it’s beeping.”
Grugger looked down at the sensor and frowned. Then suddenly there was recognition in his eyes. “Oh, sir. Yes, sir. Ah . . . one of the attack cruisers is moving toward us.”
“Which one?” Tam asked.
“Signature reads Humanities Hope, sir. She’s launching her fighters, too.”
Tam leaned into his com unit. “Rossi, any luck with that power? We’ve got an attack cruiser coming at us.”
“We’ve found the break. Repairs underway,” Rossi replied.
“How long? We don’t have much time.”
“Two loons, maybe three. Stand by.”
Tam had a sudden thought. “Hey, Rossi. Any chance we can use one of those plasma cannons you installed?”
“If they get close enough and we have time to power up.”
“Good, because I think that’s our only hope right now. They’re coming in for the kill.”
“SQ1 here. Engaging enemy fighters, but I don’t think we’ll be able to hold them off too long. Better get your shields up quick.”
“We’re trying,” Tam said. “In the meantime, give ’em hell.”
“Bridge, we’ve almost restored the main power, but we don’t want Humanities Hope to know it,” Sincini advised. “Turn off all exterior lights before we power up.”
“I’m on it,” Tam said. He scanned the row of lighting control buttons and killed the exteriors. Then he waited.
The lights on the bridge flickered and then came on in their full radiance. “Power restored,” Rossi announced. “Now we need ninety tiks to power up the plasma cannons.”
“Humanities Hope moving in, 1500 strides,” Grugger said.
“Why is she coming in so close?” Colonel Belmoht asked. “Why not let the fighters finish us off?”
“I think they want our ship,” Sincini suggested. “They plan to board us.”
“Big mistake,” Tam said. “Counting down, twenty-one, twenty, nineteen . . . ”


Lt. Lethrow circled his fighter around the Loyalist ship, looking for any signs of life or other potential trouble for the boarding party. As the Purist battle cruiser got close to the Earth’s Destiny Lt. Lethrow suddenly saw his sensors light up—the ship was powering up.
“Abort!” he screamed. “The power’s back on! Weapons systems are reactivating!”
“Pull back, HH. It’s a trap!” Evohn shouted. Just then, he saw two large ports open up on Earth’s Destiny, and a stream of plasma shot out, first from one and then the other. Lt. Lethrow watched in horror as the plasma breached the hull of Humanities Hope and oozed into the interior of the attack cruiser. He pulled his fighter away from the cruiser and gave it full throttle just as the great ship blew up, sending debris in every direction and narrowly missing him.
“Oh, my God!” the admiral said. “What kind of weapon is that?”
“A plasma cannon,” Lt. Lethrow moaned. “They were only experimental as far as I knew. They must have just recently perfected them.”
“Or sent out some prototypes for field testing,” Cystrom spat. “Get us out of here! There’s nothing more we can do to Earth’s Destiny. I doubt she’s flight worthy anyway.”
“But what about Humanities Hope?” Lt. Hanze asked.
Vice Admiral Cystrom glared at him. “Did you see that explosion? There’s nothing left of her. Pull in our fighters and let’s get out of here. Now!”


The sky outside Earth Destiny’s viewport turned burnt orange as plasma exploded out toward Humanities Hope. Squadron commander Lt. Ul Lamh’s mouth dropped open as the plasma from the first blast punctured a huge hole through the cruiser’s hull. The second strike was just above the first, widening the already gaping hole in the ship. Almost immediately, debris began pouring out into the vacuum of space. Lt. Lamh watched in horror as human bodies flew past him. There was a small explosion from within the attack cruiser, then another, until finally the entire ship exploded into a million pieces that were cast out into the darkness.
Earth’s Destiny rocked and shook from the nearby explosion. The crew could hear the debris slamming against the hull of the ship. Finally, the impacts ceased and the viewport showed only the blackness of space once again. Colonel Belmoht stood up.
“SQ1. How does it look out there?”
“Less crowded, sir. Humanities Hope is no more, and Videl’s Revenge is on the run.”
“Good,” Colonel Belmoht said, feeling much relief. “Open the launch platforms. SQ1. Your squadron is cleared to land.”
“Yes, sir.”
“I guess it was a good thing you built those plasma cannons,” Tam said, smiling at Rossi Sincini.
Rossi nodded. “I thought they might come in handy.”
“Now I wonder if we are in any shape to travel? We still might be able to beat the Fleet to Earth if we’re lucky,” Tam said.
“The FTL drive is okay,” Rossi said. “I checked on it when I was restoring power.”
Colonel Belmoht fingered his com link. “Engineering: damage report.”
“Engineering. Structural integrity intact,” Paalo said. “Considerable internal breaches.”
“Can they be fixed in flight?”
“Yes, sir. No problem.”
“Thank you. Navigation: report.”
“Yes, sir,” Grugger said. “We are in Earth’s solar system near the sixth planet, Saturn. All sensors and computers on line. All systems go for resumption of flight to Earth.”
“Medical: report.”
“Medical here. Two deaths and nineteen wounded on board, eighty missing and presumed dead from 1st and 2nd Squadrons.”
Colonel Belmoht turned to Tam. “Commander General,” he said. “I believe we are flight worthy.”
Tam nodded. “Good, then take us to Earth!”
The ship’s FTL drive roared to life, and Earth’s Destiny began to shimmy and shake violently. Then the attack cruiser began to accelerate rapidly, pushing the crew hard back into their seats for several uncomfortably long loons. When they reached cruising speed the FTL drive suddenly let up and the attack cruiser drifted into a smooth, steady, seemingly effortless, rhythm of flight. 
“Grugger. How’s our link to Tarizon?” Colonel Belmoht asked.
“No sign of it, sir.”
“How about ES 26?”
“No contact yet, but I expect in the next few days we should be close enough.”
“Very good. Let me know the loon either comes on line.”
“Yes, sir. Will do.”
Colonel Belmoht flipped between different views on the big screen over the bridge until Saturn came into view. He stared in wonder at the ringed planet, mesmerized by its magnificence and beauty. His body tingled and his arms broke out in gooseflesh. He thanked God and Sandee he’d lived to see this breathtaking view.

Chapter 25 
Attack at the Ranch
Rebekah and the kids were getting cabin fever after living out in the country with nothing to do for several days. By Monday they were becoming so irritable Rebekah had to let them outdoors to get some exercise and fresh air. 
It was beautiful wooded country, primarily tall pines, but there was an abundance of red oaks and Bradford Pears as well. Lush pastureland had been cleared around them by the local dairy farmers, and dozens of cows could be seen eating lazily along the shaded fence line. For the rest of the day they enjoyed themselves hiking, playing in the woods, and fishing in a nearby stock pond. 
On Tuesday afternoon they were surprised when Paul Thayer arrived. He gave Rebekah the letter from Stan and she read it:
Rebekah,
Mo wants me to go to Washington for a few days. Don’t know how long I’ll be gone. I’ll keep Paul informed as to my whereabouts as best I can. Didn’t want you to worry if you called the office and I wasn’t there. Hope the kids aren’t driving you nuts. Love you.
Stan
“Jodie said Mo called and told Stan to meet him at the airport and bring a suitcase,” Paul explained.
“Yes, he’s gone to DC,” Rebekah said, lifting her eyes from the note.
“Really? That’s close to where we’ve tracked Kulchz’ headquarters,” Paul said. “Too bad I didn’t have time to tell him about it before he left.”
“What was Dad going to do when he found out where Kulchz was hiding?” Reggie asked.
“He was talking about trying to bug the place so he could find out what they were up to,” Paul replied.
“The CIA should do that themselves,” Rebekah said. “That’s too dangerous for you and Stan.”
“Stan doesn’t have too much faith in the CIA,” Paul said. “The government doesn’t want to have to explain the Tarizon Repopulation Project to the American public.”
“I could go with you and help you with the bugs,” Reggie suggested.
“Absolutely not!” Rebekah said firmly. “It’s much too dangerous. I’ve already lost one son to the aliens.”
“You didn’t lose Peter. He’s coming home,” Reggie protested.
“We’re not sure of that,” Rebekah said.
“Well, I can’t really do anything unless Stan authorizes it, anyway,” Paul said. “And he hasn’t given me the go-ahead on the bugs.”
“But, what if Kulchz disappears and we lose the opportunity to find out what’s going on?” Reggie asked. “Dad will be pissed if we let him slip through our fingers.”
Paul frowned. “That’s true.”
“I’ll authorize you to set the bugs,” Rebekah said. “You and your men can do it, right? You don’t need our help.”
“No. We can handle it,” Paul agreed.
“Mom. Let me go with Paul. I might be able to help,” Reggie pleaded.
“Me too,” Mark added. “I’m sick of sitting around here doing nothing. Dad and Peter are having all the fun.”
Rebekah shook her head. “No. Your father left strict instructions for all of us to stay put. If the aliens get hold of any of us, they’ll hold us as hostages and then we’ll all be out of options. We can’t let that happen.”
Everyone was silent for a moment. Then Paul sighed and said, “Well, I’d better get going. I’ll go ahead and organize the surveillance of Kulchz and his men. I’ll keep you informed, and if you hear from Stan, have him call me.”
Rebekah nodded. “I will. Thanks, Paul.”
Reggie shook his head and stormed outside. Mark and Marcia followed him. Reggie heard the cows mooing and looked over at the fence line where they usually hung out. He gasped. 
Three men with guns were leaning against the fence. Paul, who hadn’t noticed the men, was walking toward his black Lincoln Continental. When he reached it, he looked back at Rebekah, smiled, and then got inside. The three men started moving toward the big Continental as Paul started the engine. Fear shot through Reggie as he saw the men raise and aim their rifles.
“No! No!” he screamed.
Mark and Rebekah looked over at Reggie, wondering why he was screaming. Paul had pulled away from the cabin, but before he reached the end of the driveway two shots rang out. The driver’s side window exploded, and the big Lincoln swerved violently to the left, skidding to a halt. Mark and Marcia looked on in stunned horror. Reggie glanced in the direction of the three shooters. They had turned around and were looking straight at him. 
“Quick! Get Mom!” he yelled as he ran to his mother’s car, climbed in, and started the engine.
When she heard the gunshots, Rebekah had come to the front door. Mark opened the screen door from the other side and pulled his mother out. “Come on! We’ve got to get out of here.” 
“Why?” Rebekah protested. “What happened?”
“Those guys,” he said, pointing toward the advancing gunmen. “They’ve killed Paul. Come on!”
Rebekah, Mark, and Marcia made a run for the car. A bullet hit the back window and it shattered into a thousand pieces. They jumped into the back seat and Reggie floored it. Gravel sprayed out behind them as they accelerated. They ducked down as low as they could. They could hear the thuds of bullets hitting the exterior of the old Cadillac as Reggie steered it down the driveway. When they reached the spot where Paul’s car had come to rest, Reggie slammed on the brakes and ran over to it. He looked inside and cringed at the sight of Paul’s bloody face. His vacant eyes made it obvious to Reggie that the private investigator was dead. He felt like throwing up but managed to grab Paul’s briefcase. As he ran back to the car, he noticed the three men had jumped into a pickup truck and were coming after them.
Reggie floored it again and turned onto the county road, leaving a cloud of dust behind him. The pickup truck followed them onto the road and gave chase. Reggie got the old Cadillac up to 95 mph, but it wouldn’t go any faster. He could see that the pickup was gaining on them, but before it caught up they came to the city limits of a small town called Worthy, where the posted speed limit was 45 mph. Reggie saw a sheriff’s car parked in front of a convenience store as he flew by. The officer immediately jumped into his cruiser, but before he got the engine started, the pickup rushed by. He took off after it, siren wailing.
In his rearview mirror, Reggie saw the sheriff’s deputy had quickly caught up with the pickup and was trying to pull it over. One of the men opened the window and took a shot at the deputy. The deputy’s cruiser veered left and clipped the tail of the pickup, causing it to spin out of control. It left the roadway and rolled three times until it was stopped by a big oak tree. Reggie never slowed down but just kept on moving.
“Oh my God!” Rebekah screamed when the pickup hit the tree.
“Good,” Reggie said. “They got what they deserved for killing Mr. Thayer.” 
Marcia gripped the back of the front seat with both hands. “Slow down, Reggie! You’re going to kill us all.”
Reggie let up a little on the gas. “Is anyone coming after us?”
Marcia looked back the way they’d come. “No,” she said. “We’ve lost them.” 
“Good.”
“Where are we going to go now?” Marcia asked anxiously. “We can’t go home.”
“No. We should go to Dad’s motel,” Mark suggested.
Rebekah looked at Mark and shrugged. “I guess we can do that. I have a key. I don’t think anyone knows about the motel except us.”
They drove in silence toward Dallas for a while, shaken by Paul Thayer’s murder and their narrow escape. “We need to find the aliens and place the bugs ourselves,” Reggie said soberly.
“No,” Rebekah said. “We should all wait at the motel for your father to come home.”
Reggie turned and exchanged looks with Mark. Mark nodded. Marcia watched them both, alarmed. She knew her brothers were planning something. 
“I’ve got Mr. Thayer’s briefcase,” Reggie said. “The location of the aliens should be in there.”
“I told you no!” Rebekah screamed.
“I’m sorry, Mom, but I’m over eighteen and you can’t stop me,” Reggie said evenly. “We have to do it. We have to know what’s going on with the aliens so we can stop them.”
“You don’t know how to bug someone,” Marcia argued. “You’ll just end up getting killed.”
“We’ll go to Paul’s office first and find out who he was going to take with him to Alexandria. He’ll help us.”
Rebekah didn’t respond. She just stared out the window. They rode in silence until they got to the motel. After Rebekah and Marcia were settled, Mark and Reggie went to Paul’s office to see if anybody was there. They found his secretary, Jill, working diligently at her desk. They told her what had happened.
“Oh, my God! Paul is dead?”
“Yes, I’m afraid so.”
“You were there when he was killed?”
“Yes. They tried to kill us, too. We barely got away alive.”
“Who were these people?” she asked.
Reggie wasn’t sure what Paul’s secretary knew, so he didn’t want to mention the aliens. “I don’t know for sure, but it may have been the same people your boss was watching. Mr. Thayer found their hideout in Alexandria, Virginia. He was going to try to plant a bug in their offices so my father could find out what they were up to.”
“Right. Jerry was going to help Paul with that.”
“Who’s Jerry?”
“He’s a contractor out of DC who helps Paul with electronic surveillance on the East Coast.”
“Really? You think he’d help us do it?”
“I don’t know. Should we call the police?”
“My mother is taking care of that. She’s leaving an anonymous tip.”
“Oh, God. I can’t believe this.”
“I know. I really liked Paul,” Reggie said. “Will Jerry help us, do you think?”
“Probably, if you have the cash to pay him.”
“How much?”
“I think he charges $500 a day.”
Reggie swallowed hard. “Okay. Call him and make the arrangements. We’ve got to move fast. We don’t want Kulchz to disappear on us.”
Jill nodded and picked up the phone. She told Jerry the situation, and he agreed to meet them at Washington National Airport. Then she called American Airlines and made reservations.
“Actually, your dad already put up a retainer for expenses,” Jill said. “I can charge his account for the airline tickets and Jerry’s fee for a couple of days. You guys have any cash for expenses while you’re out there?”
“I’ve got a credit card my dad gave me for emergencies at college,” Reggie said. “I’d classify this as an emergency, I think.”
Jill smiled. “This is pretty dangerous work. You sure you two should be doing this?”
“We have to. These people killed Paul already and they’ll kill us if they can. We’ve got to stop them.”
“Right. Well good luck to you. Be careful.”
“What are you going to do now?” Mark asked.
“Call Paul’s wife, I guess,” Jill replied. “She doesn’t know he’s dead.”
“You better not tell her,” Reggie said. “Let the police do it. If you tell her then she’ll want to know how you found out.”
“Right. I’ll just play dumb. It won’t matter to Paul. Not now.”
Reggie nodded. “Thanks.”
Mark and Reggie left and headed for DFW Airport. They turned on the radio at the top of the hour to see if there was any news about Paul’s murder. It was the lead story.

Three men were killed after a high speed chase on County Road 1177 out in Hunt County earlier today. Sheriff’s deputies on the scene indicate the men may have been chasing another car at speeds nearing 100 mph. The second car eluded authorities. 

A spokesman for the sheriff’s office indicated that they have no idea as to why the three men were in pursuit of the other vehicle but that it might be related to a homicide committed just minutes earlier. The identities of the four dead men are unknown at this time. 

Reggie’s mind raced as he thought back to Paul’s murder and their narrow escape from death. He prayed his mother and sister would be safe at the motel. He wondered where their father was and what he was doing with the CIA. 
After they’d checked in at the American Airlines ticket counter and gone through security, they went to their gate and waited for their flight. Reggie’s thoughts turned to his brother Peter. Was he actually on his way home? If so, why were the aliens so afraid of him?
The two brothers slept most of the way to DC. It was dark when their plane landed. They only had carry-on luggage with them, so they went directly to where they were supposed to meet Jerry. Jill had described him as being on the short side, but athletic, with dark brown hair. He’d be carrying a large yellow envelope for easy identification. Mark and Reggie spotted him immediately. They went over to him.
“Jerry?” Reggie said.
He nodded and started walking toward them. “So, you saw them kill Paul?” he asked.
“Yes. It was horrible.”
“Did you see who did it?”
“Three guys carrying rifles. On the news they say they were all killed,” Reggie said.
“So I heard. Unfortunately there are a lot more of them. We’ll have to be very careful.”
Reggie swallowed hard. “Right.”
Jerry led them into the parking garage to where he was parked. They got in and drove off.
“So, how long have you been working for Paul?” Reggie asked.
“Oh, I don’t work for him. He just hires me to do electronic surveillance.”
“Right,” Reggie said. “So, how did you learn this stuff? I mean, electronic surveillance.”
“I was a manufacturer’s rep for Global Intelligence. They are one of the leading manufacturers of electronic monitoring equipment. In order to sell the stuff I had to learn how it worked so I could demonstrate it.”
“Oh, I see.”
“I was happy just selling it, but one of my customers one day asked me to install some of the equipment he’d purchased. He said it was an emergency and he’d pay me handsomely for my trouble. So, how could I refuse? He gave me $5,000 for two days’ work.”
“So, you decided installation was more lucrative than sales?” Mark suggested.
“Right, but I’m still a rep for Global. I just give the customer two cards when I make a sale.”
“So that’s how you met Paul?” Mark asked.
“Exactly.”
They drove for about forty-five minutes until they got to an old industrial part of Alexandria, Virginia. A janitorial service van was parked on the street. They drove up behind it and got out.
“We’ve rented an office in one of the buildings they occupy. I’ve already put a tap on their phones, but I’ll need one of you to crawl through the AC vent and leave a bug inside.”
“Huh?” Reggie said. “One of us?”
Jerry smiled and gave them both a hard look. “And it will have to be Mark. He’s the only one of us small enough to do it.”
“Of course, ya gotta leave the tough job for the little guy,” Mark boasted. His hands were shaking. 
“Sorry,” Jerry said.
Mark shrugged. “What do you want me to do?” 
“Just climb into the AC vent and crawl on your hands and knees about 150 feet, which will put you directly above one of their offices.”
“What if they hear him?” Reggie asked.
“He’ll just have to be quiet so they don’t,” Jerry replied.
“Will the vent hold my weight?” Mark asked warily.
“It will. I’ve tested it. Don’t worry.”
They drove into the office-warehouse complex and pulled up behind a building with a sign that read A+ Maintenance & Janitorial Co. The door to the garage opened as they approached it and they drove in. Jerry got out and took them into a room full of electronic equipment. A man was sitting in a chair with headphones on.
“This is Joe,” Jerry said.
Joe nodded and took off the headphones. “Any trouble?” he asked.
“No. Any interesting calls while I was gone?”
“Just one from a Colonel Wentworth.”
“Let’s hear it.”
“Ah. Whose telephone are you listening to?” Reggie asked.
“Some dude named Commander Kulchz.”
“Who is he?”
“He’s running the operation, I guess. He’s a big guy about six foot three, 280 pounds. Ex-military officer, judging from his haircut and cocky demeanor.”
Joe pushed the rewind button and watched the display. A minute later he pushed stop. Okay, here we go,” he said. 
“Colonel Wentworth is on the line, Commander,” a female voice said.
“Good. Put him through.”
“Commander. How are you?”
“Fine, how did it go?”
“No problem. Our man is on the task force.”
“Good. We need to keep an eye on them. They could cause us lots of grief.”
“Yes,” Colonel Wentworth said. “So, what happened in Texas? I heard three of your guys were killed by the local authorities?”
“We shouldn’t talk about that over the phone. I’ll fill you in at our meeting tonight.”
“All right. I’ll see you at eight.” 
Jerry looked at Mark. “See why we need that bug placed? We need to know what goes on at that meeting.”
“We also need to find my dad and tell them the aliens have a spy on their task force,” Mark said.
“What task force?” Reggie asked.
“Must be in Washington. I’m sure that’s why Dad went there. He said they were going to set up some kind of joint task force to assess the alien threat. It makes sense that Dad would be one of the first people they wanted to talk to.”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” Reggie agreed. “So, how do we reach him?”
“What agent is he working with?” Jerry asked.
“Some guy named Mo. I’ve never heard his last name.”
“Mo. I’ve met him before, through Paul. I’ll call the CIA and leave a message for him to call me.”
“You think he will?” Reggie asked.
Jerry shrugged. “Good point. You call the CIA instead and leave a message for him to call you. If he’s working with your dad he’ll return your call, I’m sure.”
Reggie nodded. “Good idea.” 
Jerry gave Reggie his cell phone and the number to CIA headquarters. Reggie asked to speak with “Mo” and was told the best they could do was take a message. Reggie told them who he was and that it was urgent that Mo call him back. Reggie gave Jerry his cell phone back and yawned.
“I’m exhausted.”
“I know. But we don’t have time to rest. We need to get that bug placed.”
Mark sighed. “Okay, how to I do it?”
Jerry took them over to a workbench where several electronic eavesdropping devices were in various stages of assembly. He picked one up and showed it to Mark and Reggie. 
“This is it. You need to carry this in with you and tape it above their conference room.” 
“That’s it?” Mark asked.
“That’s it, except you have to proceed very carefully, because if they hear you they’ll likely either shoot you or tear the AC vent out of the ceiling. Either way you’re screwed.”
“Gee. Thanks,” Mark said.
“Maybe we should wait for my dad to call us back,” Reggie said.
Mark shook his head. “We don’t know how long it will take them to give Mo the message. It may be days from now. Let me go. I’ll be careful.”
Reggie rolled his eyes. “If you get yourself killed, Mom and Dad will never forgive me.”
“I won’t,” Mark said, taking the device from Jerry. He studied it for a moment. “I don’t have to push any buttons or anything, do I?”
“No,” Jerry said. “It’s activated and ready to go. Come on. I’ll show you how to get into the vent.”
They followed Jerry into another room and noticed a ladder leading up to the ceiling where a hole had been cut into the AC vent. Mark went to the ladder and looked up. Jerry put a belt around Mark’s waist and attached the device to it so he’d be free to crawl through the duct without holding the device. Then he showed Mark a diagram of the ventilation system and pointed out where the device should be left. Finally, Mark slowly began crawling up the ladder. At the top, he cautiously crawled into the vent and disappeared.
The vent creaked as it took Mark’s weight. He stopped and held his breath. A moment later he started crawling again, very carefully.
There was a muffled sound as the metal began to strain again. Jerry looked nervously around the room and then went over to a nearby workbench where a radio sat. He turned it on and upped the volume until it drowned out all other sounds. 
When he heard the radio noise, Mark breathed a sigh of relief. Soon, he reached a junction. He remembered he needed to go right. It was tight going around the corner, and he suddenly started to worry about getting back. Could he turn around in the vent?
He tried to estimate the distance to the spot where he was supposed to put the bug. It wasn’t easy on all fours. He estimated each crawling movement was about half a foot. When he thought he’d reached the spot, he stopped and listened. If someone were in the room he could listen to the voice and try to get as close to it as possible. But he heard nothing. Finally, he took the device off the belt and taped it to the floor of the vent.
He tried to turn around but decided it was impossible, so he resigned himself to having to crawl backward to get back to the entrance hole. As he took his first step backward the metal groaned. He froze. Then he heard voices.
“What was that?” a woman asked.
“What was what?” a man repeated.
“I heard something,” the woman said.
Then there was silence. Mark’s heart began to pound. He didn’t dare move. 
“It was just the fan turning on,” the man said. “Relax. Nobody knows we’re even here.”
“They’ll find out eventually.”
“Sure, but it will be too late. When the Fleet gets here it will be all over. . . . Come on. Let’s get some sankee.”
“All right.”
There was silence again, and when Mark’s heart calmed down he started slowly retreating along the path he’d come. Eventually he made it back to the ladder and came down.
“So, did you have any problems?” Reggie asked.
“Yeah, one of them heard me but her friend convinced her she was imagining things.”
“Thank God.”
“Did you tape it down with the duct tape like I told you?” Jerry asked.
Mark nodded. “They said something kind of disturbing while I was there.”
“What?” Reggie asked.
“They said, ‘when the fleet comes it will be all over.’”
“What fleet?” Jerry asked.
“I don’t know,” Mark replied, shrugging. “Some kind of fleet.”
“You mean like boats?” Reggie asked.
Mark shook his head. “No, these are aliens from outer space, you meathead. It must be a fleet of spaceships.”
“Oh, geez. That doesn’t sound good.”
“No, it doesn’t. Maybe that’s why they think Peter is coming,” Mark suggested.
“You think he’s with this fleet?”
“I don’t know. I just hope Dad calls soon. He needs to know about this.”
“He’ll call,” Jerry said. “Just be patient. In the meantime, let’s go get something to eat. I’m starving.”
They all piled into the van and set out to find a fast food restaurant. The first one they came across was a Wendy’s, so they stopped and went inside. After they got their food they sat down to eat. Jerry’s cell phone began vibrating in his pocket. He pulled it out and answered it.
“Hello,” Jerry said.
“This is Mo. You called me.”
“Oh, thank God. Reggie here wants to talk to you.”
Jerry handed the phone to Reggie. “Hi. Ah. Mo? Ah, are you with my dad?”
“Is this Reggie Turner?”
“Yes. I need to talk to my dad.”
“Okay. Hang on.”
Stan came on the line. “Reggie. Where are you?”
“I’m in Alexandria, Virginia. They killed Paul. They found us at the ranch. We barely escaped.”
“Are all of you okay?” Stan asked anxiously. 
“Yeah, I guess.”
“Are all of you in Virginia?” 
“No, Mom and Marcia are at the motel. Mark and I are with Jerry.”
“Jerry? Who’s Jerry?”
“Jerry, Paul’s guy. The surveillance expert. You know.”
“Oh, right. What are you doing with him?”
“We’ve found Kulchz and bugged his phones and conference room. And listen, Dad. When Mark crawled into the air duct to plant one of the bugs, he overheard them. They said that when the fleet got here, it was going to be all over. Do you know what that means?”
“No. But we’ll figure it out. Just relax. Where are you right now? We’re not thirty minutes from Alexandria. We’ll come to you.”
“Good,” Reggie said and told him where they were.
They ate in silence while they waited for Stan and Mo to join them. Time moved slowly, but eventually they saw Stan walk through the door of the restaurant, followed by two men in suits. Stan embraced Mark and Reggie and then introduced the others. Mo looked around the room warily to be sure no one could hear them. Then he nodded to Stan.
“So, Jerry,” Stan said. “How did you find Kulchz?”
“We had you and your family staked out, and after you did your little restaurant swap, we followed the people who had been watching you. They were very upset when they discovered they’d lost track of your family. One of them split off from the rest and went to Addison Airport. There he got on a private jet and flew to Richmond, Virginia. Then he rented a car and drove to Alexandria.”
“You had a jet ready to follow him?”
“No. We checked his flight plan and had someone waiting for him at the Richmond airport.”
“Hmm. Good work. So, you have his offices bugged?”
“Yes, and there is a meeting tonight that should be quite interesting.”
Stan turned to Mo. “How should we handle this?” he asked.
Mo looked at Agent Snead. “I guess we should send in two technicians, one FBI and one CIA, to monitor the meeting,” he suggested. “Can you have an FBI SWAT team on standby in case we need it?”
Snead nodded. “Sure.”
“Okay,” Mo said. “Jerry, you go back and take our techs with you. The rest of us will listen remotely.”
Jerry nodded. “Okay. How long will it take to get your tech guys here?”
“We’ll have them there in fifteen minutes.”
Snead pulled out his cell phone and made a call. Mo did the same.
Stan sighed. “So, they killed Paul?”
Reggie nodded and told his father what had happened. 
“We need to check on your mother and Marcia,” Stan said. “We’ll fly back to Dallas tomorrow. I’ll have to find a safe place for all of you.”
“Can’t the FBI protect us?” Reggie asked.
“I don’t know if anyone can be protected from the aliens,” Stan admitted. He told them about Gabriel Winzell and his family. “Oh, my God!” Reggie said.
“And I’d promised him that I could protect them.”
Later, Stan, Mark, and Reggie went with Agent Snead and Mo to a nearby motel. There, the FBI set up a receiver so they could listen to the meeting back at Kulchz’ offices. The two FBI techs had gone with Jerry back to his office, where they set up their equipment.
Later that day people started to gather for the evening meeting. Everyone who arrived was photographed by the FBI, and their license plates were recorded. When the meeting began, twenty-three people were in attendance. Kulchz began:
“I’m sure you heard on the news that three of our men were killed yesterday.”
“Yes, and the idiots let the Turner family escape,” a man, later identified as Colonel Richard Huffman, replied. “Why didn’t they use lasers?”
Mark looked at Reggie. Reggie raised his eyebrows.
“We couldn’t use lasers,” Kulchz growled. “That would provide evidence of our existence. Until OCE begins we can only use what’s available on Earth. We don’t want to attract attention.”
“So, where are the Turners now?” Colonel Huffman asked.
“Hiding out somewhere, but it doesn’t matter. We know where Stan Turner is, and he’s the important one. Peter Turner will no doubt try to contact him first.”
Mark looked at his father hopefully. Stan smiled.
“Where is he now?”
“At a hotel in DC. He met with the task force this afternoon.”
“How did that go?”
“Nobody can quite believe the government has been working with aliens all these years,” Kulchz said. “Where do they think all their advanced technology came from?”
“They probably never thought much about it,” a woman, later identified as TV news anchor Luci Livingston, interjected. “It’s going to take them awhile to accept it.”
“Good,” Kulchz said. “By the time they do something it will be too late.”
“If you got rid of Turner and that CIA agent he’s been working with, they may never accept it,” Livingston said. “They’re the only two left who had any direct contact with us. We’ve eliminated the others.”
Stan frowned and looked over at Mo. He wondered if it were possible that everyone associated with the Tarizon Repopulation Project had been killed. It was hard to believe. 
“We need to keep Turner alive since he’s going to lead us to Peter, should he show up,” Kulchz said. “We’ve been trying to eliminate Mo for years, but he knows we’re after him and has been very careful.”
“After today Turner will know we’re after him, too,” Livingston pointed out.
Mark put his hand on his father’s shoulder and squeezed it. Stan put his arm around his son.
“He already knew we were after him; that’s why his family disappeared.” 
“Or, he’s heard from Peter.”
“Possibly. If he has, it could mean the Fleet will be here soon. When it arrives, we must be prepared. Timing will be critical. We could receive a message at any moment. We can’t let Chancellor Lai down. He would never forgive us.”
“Don’t worry,” Livingston assured him. “We are ready. Our people have their assignments and know what to do.”
“You should put them on alert,” Kulchz said. “Tell them they must be vigilant.”
“Yes, sir. I will do that.”
“What about the Joint Task Force?” Colonel Huffman asked.
“So far, all they’ve done is follow some of our people around but they haven’t questioned anyone,” Livingston said. “They don’t seem to be taking us too seriously. Just routine surveillance.”
“They are so stupid. We are plotting the destruction of their government right in front of their noses, but they don’t want to admit that we even exist.”
“Okay, now that everyone is up-to-date, let’s go over our entire plan,” Kulchz said. “I want to make sure everyone is clear on their assignments.”
Mo and Snead leaned forward, not wanting to miss anything that was said. There was complete silence in the motel room as everyone listened expectantly.
“Sir,” a man, later identified as Senator Ralph Rubio, interrupted. “So that there is no confusion or misunderstanding, I suggest we go over the plan in Tari.”
There was a moment of silence. Then Kulchz said, “Felinta draglm beh. Uppa lin shanglin haalin. . . .”
Snead looked at Mo, who was shaking his head. “Damn it. Do you understand them?” Snead asked.
“No. They always spoke perfect English. There was never any need to learn their language.”
“Don’t you have anybody at the Agency who can translate what they are saying?”
“I don’t know. Probably not. You heard what Kulchz said. Stan and I are the only ones left.”
“Surely in forty years somebody at the Agency wrote something down about their language. Tari? Is that what they call it?”
“Yes,” Mo said. “I’ll check into it.”
“So, what do you think about this fleet?” Snead asked. “Do you think they have hostile intent?”
“It looks like it,” Mo replied. “Why else would they be eliminating everyone with any knowledge of the Tarizon Repopulation Project?”
“So, should we convene a meeting of the Joint Task Force,” Snead asked, “to discuss what we’ve learned?”
“You heard Kulchz. They’ve got a mole on the task force. No, we need to go directly to the President. This isn’t something we can ignore any longer.”
“What about tonight’s gathering? Should we put a tail on all of them or go in and arrest the whole lot of them?”
“What do you think, Stan?” Mo asked.
Stan shrugged. “I don’t know. These are the leaders. If you arrest them all it will be a big setback to the entire operation.”
“Right,” Snead said. “Let’s haul the whole bunch of them in for questioning.”
“But,” Stan continued, “do you think you’d be able to arrest them? Remember, they have the memory gun. If they use it, all your men might be disabled and then they’d all get away.”
Snead frowned. “You think that little gun could stop our entire SWAT team?”
Stan shrugged. “I don’t know for sure, but let me tell you: When you see that blue light it’s all over. Trust me.”
“Okay. Let’s just put tails on everyone for now,” Mo said. “We don’t want them to know we’re onto them quite yet. Not until we can work up some kind of defense against the memory gun.”
“Right,” Snead agreed. “And I suppose the President ought to be consulted on something of this magnitude.”
Stan nodded. He was glad to see that the alien threat was finally being taken seriously. He just hoped it wasn’t too late.

Chapter 26
Grateful Return
Leek Lanzia peered out the front portal of ES 26 with great anticipation. He’d never in his wildest daydreams ever imagined himself seeing Earth from outer space. Yet that was his expectation today. He squinted at the small speck of blue ahead. Captain Shilling smiled at him and pushed a button on her console. The big monitor blinked on, displaying a frontal view of space. She pushed another button and the image enlarged. She continued to zoom in until Earth was plainly visible in its full splendor and glory. Leek gasped in delight.
Tears welled in his eyes. “You don’t know how I’ve prayed for this day,” he said, choking on the words.
Captain Shilling nodded. “I know.”
Lucinda came up from behind and put her arms around him. “It is a beautiful planet. I can’t wait to get there.”
“I wish I could take you to see my parents. I so want you to meet them.”
“I will in time. Don’t worry.”
Leek took her hand and squeezed it. She laid her head on his shoulder. “When will we rendezvous with Earth’s Destiny?” he asked.
“In about two kyloons,” Captain Shilling said. “They’re in a stationary orbit over Earth right now.”
“Any sign of the Fleet?”
“Tam said he expects to see them any time now. They barely beat them here due to the attack near Saturn.”
“Yeah, that was a miracle, huh?”
“Yes, it would seem so. Who’d have thought they’d try something so foolish as boarding and capturing an attack cruiser?”
“They must have thought everyone aboard was dead or too far gone to resist,” Leek suggested.
“Well, the ship took quite a hit from that suicide fighter.”
“They must be desperate to force one of their pilots to do that.”
“They are desperate,” Captain Shilling said. “Earth is their last hope. They’ll conquer it or die trying. That’s the way fanatics are.”
Several kyloons later, Earth’s Destiny was centered in ES 26’s main monitor. Leek was on the launching platform, helping to ferry fighters over to the big attack cruiser. It had lost over eighty fighters, so they needed all they could get. ES 26 had 102 fighters in total aboard, so ninety-two were sent over. Ten were left on board for use in the shuttle’s defense. Once the transfer had been completed, ES 26 made its descent to the Earth’s surface.
Captain Shilling elected to land on Cactus Island at Possum Kingdom Lake. She told Leek she was familiar with the Texas site. The ground there was soft, which would allow them to burrow underground quickly during the night to conceal the shuttle. They talked about the caves under the lake that allowed undetected pedestrian travel to the shore. Leek told her the cave entrance had been blown up and probably wasn’t passable.
“Then I can land and let you and Dr. Gerhardt out in a desolate spot near the lake; then I’ll go to the island to wait for you. We’ll worry about restoring the cave system later.”
“Right. That will work.”
Leek left the bridge and went to the cargo hold, where the Mercury Grand Marquis look-alike awaited him. Lucinda was leaning against it with Tokin in her arms. He went up her and took Tokin from her. He tossed his son up in the air and twirled him around playfully. Tokin giggled and smiled down at him.
“I hate to leave you. I wish you were coming,” he said to Lucinda.
“I know. Go and save Earth. That’s got to be your first priority.”
“You are such a strong woman. I don’t know how you’ve put up with having me as a mate.”
She shrugged. “I can’t say it’s been a ‘piece of cake,’ as you say on Earth, but I can’t imagine not having you and Tokin in my life. I’d do anything for both of you.”
They embraced and then got in the car and buckled up for the landing. A few loons later they felt a gentle bump and the ship went silent. A few tiks later the cargo hold door began to open. They got out again and said their last goodbyes while they waited for Dr. Gerhardt to arrive.
Leek looked out at the expanse of countryside near the lake where they’d landed. He was back. Peter Turner had returned home.
He turned and saw Dr. Gerhardt standing beside him. “So, did you ever think you’d see Earth again, Doctor?” Peter asked.
“No, not really. I kept telling myself I would someday get home, but deep down I didn’t believe it.”
“Well, we’re here, so let’s get rolling.”
“Sounds good to me.”
They got in the big Mercury station wagon, and Peter cranked the engine. It turned over immediately and they rolled down the landing ramp. Lucinda stood at the entrance to the cargo hold with Tokin in her arms. She waved to them before the ramp closed again.
Captain Shilling had landed near a dirt road that led to the main highway to Mineral Wells. Peter floored it and flew down the road, leaving a trail of dust. Two and a half hours later they were traveling on Interstate 20. Soon, they saw the Ft. Worth skyline in the distance.
“Well, where do you want me to drop you off?” Peter asked.
“Take me to my house. I can’t wait to see my wife’s face.”
Peter smiled. “Yeah, she’s going to be shocked.”
Thirty minutes later they were in Grand Prairie and traveling down Dr. Gerhardt’s street. Peter remembered it, having first learned of the alien presence on Earth in Dr. Gerhardt’s den. Before he got to the house Dr. Gerhardt told him to stop. Dr. Gerhardt’s wife was washing her car in the driveway. A man was with her and they were having a water fight with the hose. Peter and Dr. Gerhardt watched them intently. They were laughing and chasing each other around. Finally, the man caught her. He dropped the hose and they embraced and kissed passionately.
Dr. Gerhardt covered his face with his hands. “Oh God! I’ve lost her. Turn around. Get me out of here!”
Peter swallowed hard, then turned the station wagon around and drove away. He couldn’t imagine what was going on in Dr. Gerhardt’s mind. He felt guilty because it was partially his fault that the psychiatrist had been abducted to Tarizon. When he got to the end of the street he pulled over and parked.
“So, what are you going to do?” he asked.
“I don’t know. I’ve lost everything.”
“I’m so sorry. This is my fault.”
“No, it’s not. It’s just fate. I loved Julia, but I don’t blame her for moving on. She had no reason to expect I’d ever be back.”
“I guess not.”
“How about I go with you?” Dr. Gerhardt suggested. “You could use some help, couldn’t you?”
Peter shrugged. “Sure, but it would be dangerous and I’d hate to get you killed.”
“Don’t worry about that. I’ve got nothing to lose, and, if you save the planet, I’ll get a hell of a book deal.”
Peter laughed. “Okay. You might come in handy if we have to interrogate any witnesses who’ve been subjected to the blue light.”
“Right. I know how to use a gun, too.”
“Do you?”
“Of course. I’m a Vietnam vet.”
“Great. I’ve got an extra laser pistol I’ll give you. It’s silent, and you can turn it to stun mode if you just want to put somebody out for a few minutes.”
“That’ll do.”
Peter got back on the freeway and headed toward his father’s office. He thought the best way to make contact would be to wait in the parking garage until he came out. That way he could be sure his father wasn’t being followed. They parked across the street in another office building parking lot and crossed the street on foot. They walked through the parking garage, looking for his father’s car, but didn’t see it.
“He’s probably out somewhere. We’ll just have to hang around, I guess,” Peter said.
“Doesn’t the building have security?” Dr. Gerhardt said. “Won’t it look suspicious if we keep hanging around?”
“Yeah,” Peter said then froze. “Wait, I see one of Dad’s legal assistants. I know her. She’ll get word to my father. Wait here.”
Peter walked toward the tall woman who was walking to her car. She was very pretty and Peter remembered having a crush on her after they’d first met. She did a double take when she saw him.
“Peter! Is that you? Oh, my God!”
“Hi, Jodie.”
“How did you get here? I heard you were alive, but—”
“It’s a long story.”
“I bet. Get in the car. They’re looking for you.”
“Who?”
“Kulchz and his goons.”
“They knew I was coming?”
“Yes. Apparently so. They’ve had your father staked out for the last year or so. Mo warned him they were looking for you.”
“Where is my father? I need to talk to him.”
“In DC, I think. At least that’s where Mo said he was taking him.”
“So, the government knows the Fleet is coming?”
“I don’t know, but they are worried about something. Is there a fleet coming?”
“Yes, four attack cruisers and over a thousand fighters.”
“What do they want?”
“To conquer Earth, I’m afraid.”
Jodie just stared at Peter a moment. “Seriously?”
Peter nodded. 
“Do they have that kind of capability?”
“Not from the Fleet alone, but I suspect there is a large organization here on Earth that will help them. That’s why I need to find my father, so I can make contact with the government.”
“Oh, my God. I know where Mark and Reggie are. I can get you in touch with them.”
“That’s great. I want to see them, but—”
“They’re staking out Kulchz—trying to get information.”
“Huh? Why would my brothers be doing that?”
Jodie told Peter about his family going into hiding, Paul’s murder, and everything else she knew, and gave him her cell phone to call Paul’s security consultant, Jerry. He dialed the number. Jerry picked up immediately.
“Jerry?” Peter asked.
“Yeah. Who’s this?”
“Ah. Jodie gave me your number. Is Reggie with you?”
Jerry shrugged and looked over at Reggie, who was eating a hamburger Mo had brought them for lunch. Jerry handed him the phone.
“For me? Who is it?”
Jerry shrugged, and Reggie took the phone. “Hello?”
“Reggie.”
“Yeah?” 
“It’s me. Peter.”
Tears suddenly welled in Reggie’s eyes. 
“Peter? Is it really you?” he said, barely able to speak.
“Yeah, it’s me. I’m in Dallas with Jodie.”
“Oh, my God!”
“Is that Peter?” Mark exclaimed. “Let me talk to him!”
Mark grabbed the phone out of Reggie’s hand. Reggie was too much in shock to resist.
“Oh, my God!” Mark said. “I can’t believe this. When did you get back?”
“Just a few hours ago.”
“Hey, Peter. We found Kulchz and have been staking him out. Dad and Mo are with us, and there’s an FBI agent named Snead. Are you in a safe place? They’ve got aliens out looking for you.”
“So I heard. Is Dad around? I need to talk to him right away.”
“No. He went with Snead somewhere, but Mo is here. He’ll talk to you.”
Mo, who’d come in the room when he heard all the excitement, walked over and took the phone. “Peter. So, you did make it back.”
“Yeah, I did. I’m still in shock, though. It seems like I’ve been gone forever.”
“Be careful what you say on this line,” Mo warned. “Cell phone transmissions can easily be monitored.”
“Right.”
“Is there a heliport anywhere near where you are?”
Peter thought about it and then remembered one at Medical City Hospital, which was just around the corner.
“Yes. I know of one.”
“Go there immediately and have them call the FBI emergency number and give the location.”
“Okay.”
“There’ll be a chopper in the air by the time we hang up.”
“Right. We’re on our way.”
Peter hung up and handed Jodie her phone back. “Thanks, Jodie. The FBI is coming to pick us up.” 
He slipped his hand in his pocket and pulled out the keys to the Mercury Grand Marquis. He handed them to Jodie.
“What’s this?”
“The keys to my car. It looks like a Mercury Grand Marquis but it’s something quite different. Take care of it for me. Dr. Gerhardt and I will go to the hospital on foot.”
Jodie studied the keys Peter had given her. “Does it drive like a regular car?” 
“Yes, but don’t try to put gas in it. It won’t need refueling for several months. Watch your speed, too; it’s got a lot of power.” 
“Okay. Peter, I’m so glad you’re safe.”
“Oh, where’re my mother and Marcia?” Peter asked.
“They’re at a motel somewhere. I’m not even sure where. We can’t discuss locations over the phone, but I know they’re okay. Bored, but okay.”
“Good. I want to see them. I hope the CIA will give me time to do that.”
“I doubt they’ll be able to help. They don’t even know where your mom and sister are,” Jodie replied. “Your Dad doesn’t trust the CIA entirely.”
Peter smiled. “For good reason, I’m sure.”
Peter got out of Jodie’s car and rushed over to where Dr. Gerhardt was waiting. He told him he’d contacted the government and that a helicopter was coming to pick them up at the hospital down the street. They looked around to be sure no one was watching them and then walked to the hospital. 
At the emergency room they found the person in charge of the heliport and told him to call the FBI. He resisted a little but finally looked in his manual for guidance, and then found the number. A few minutes later an FBI chopper landed and two agents came rushing out.
“Peter Turner?” one of them asked.
“Yes.”
“Hi. Special Agent Franklin Norris.”
Looking at Dr. Gerhardt, Peter said. “This is Dr. Gerhardt. He’s with me.”
Norris nodded and motioned for them to get aboard. They picked up their luggage, passed it up to the co-pilot, and then climbed in. Once they were in the air, Norris advised them they were headed for Addison Airport to catch a Lear jet to DC. 
The helicopter vibrated a lot, and Peter thought how much smoother the copters were back on Tarizon. He wondered if the FBI would search him or his luggage; he had brought diamonds and precious stones to convert to money and also had some weapons they’d probably want to confiscate if they saw them. He pulled his bag in close to him and put his foot on the strap.
When they got to Addison Airport, however, nobody searched him or seemed concerned about his luggage, so once aboard Peter relaxed and tried to get some sleep. Dr. Gerhardt seemed fascinated by the flight; he sat up close to the window where he could see out. Noticing his interest, one of the agents took him up the cockpit and let him sit with the pilot for a while. 
When they finally arrived at Washington National Airport, a limo and a police escort were waiting for them. An hour later they were checked in to the Watergate Hotel.
After Peter had gotten settled in his room there was a knock on the door. He looked out the peephole then smiled and quickly opened the door. 
“Dad! Oh, I’m so glad to see you.”
Stan stepped into the room and hugged his son. Mark and Reggie followed him in and closed the door behind them. When Stan let Peter go, Mark gave him a hug, too. Reggie just stared at him with a big grin on his face.
“I was afraid I’d never see you again,” Stan said. 
Peter nodded. “I know the feeling.”
“So, how did you make it back?”
Peter sighed. “It’s a long story.”
“That’s all right. We don’t have to meet the President until tomorrow morning.”
“The President?” Peter asked, somewhat surprised.
“Yeah,” Stan said. “It took a while, but we finally convinced him the aliens were a real threat.”
“You don’t know the half of it.”
“No. We don’t know much of anything.”
“Okay, you might want to order in some room service. Like I said, it’s a long story.”
Stan called room service and had a variety of foods brought up. Then he pulled out a tape recorder and plugged it in. 
“We might as well tape this for Mo. He’ll want to listen to it before we meet with the President.”
“Sure,” Peter said. “That will save time, and we don’t have much of it.”
For the next few hours, Peter told his dad and brothers the entire story of his abduction, the Prophecy, his adoption by the Loyalist Party, his military training, and the Tarizon Civil War. They all sat mesmerized by the incredible story as the tape rolled on. Later that evening Mo stopped by and picked up the tape. 
“I hope this is good. It’s going to be analyzed by at least five government agencies before morning.”
Stan smiled. “I don’t think anyone will be disappointed.”
“Probably not,” Mo conceded. “Oh, one more thing. Peter, I presume you speak Tari.”
Peter nodded. “Yeah, I went to a language school just after I arrived on Tarizon.”
“Good. We’ve got a tape of a meeting I need you to translate.”
“Sure.”
Mo put a tape recorder on the table and replayed the portion of the secret meeting that had been conducted in Tari. Peter listened to it and took notes. When he was done he gave them a grim look.
“What’s the bad news?” Stan asked.
“Apparently Kulchz is in charge of a unit that has been assigned the job of kidnaping the President, vice president, and Speaker of the House once the Fleet arrives. They’re talking about how that will be accomplished.”
“How are they planning to do it?” Mo asked.
“They’re going to knock out power and communications to the White House, then use their memory guns to get by security.”
“Is that possible?”
Peter nodded. “Yes, I’m afraid so.”
Mo looked thoughtful. “We better not wait until morning to alert the President. We don’t know when this will be going down.”
“You’re right,” Peter agreed. “The Fleet could be here anytime.”
“Then I’ll call the President right now.”
“Wait,” Peter said. “That’s not all. A second unit is preparing to take the Speaker of the House at an upcoming funeral. Also, the conspirators have infiltrated the Pentagon and the Secret Service. They didn’t mention the CIA or FBI, but I would presume you have some moles there as well. The aliens already have control over several newspapers and TV stations, and that will give them the ability to communicate with the American people once the government falls.”
Mo looked at Peter. “So, they think by taking out the President and the next two in the line of succession that the government will be left in chaos?” 
“That or they like the next person in line,” Peter replied.
Mo thought a moment. “The next in line is the president pro tem of the Senate. I don’t remember who that is.”
“Senator Ralph Rubio,” Reggie said. “I’m taking political science this semester.”
“Isn’t that the senator who was at the meeting with Kulchz?” Mark asked.
“I think you’re right,” Mo moaned. “Oh, Jesus. Rubio’s an alien.”
“Then he’s not actually qualified,” Reggie said. “He can’t be president if he’s not a natural born citizen.”
“He might be an Earthchild,” Peter said. “If so, he is a naturally born U.S. citizen, having been born here. Even if he wasn’t born here, who would challenge his citizenship and live to tell about it? That’s why I came all the way here from Tarizon. I wanted to warn you and help you defend yourselves. 
“You better make that call,” he said to Mo. “We may not have much time.”
“Why kidnap all of them? Why not just assassinate them?” Stan asked.
Mo looked at Stan thoughtfully. “I don’t know. Perhaps they want to use them as leverage—threaten to kill them if everyone doesn’t go along with the takeover.”
Peter nodded. “Plus the uncertainty of not knowing if they are alive or dead will create even more anxiety and chaos. If they’re killed outright it would just create anger, hostility, and rebellion.” 
Mo pulled out his cell phone and made the call. After he hung up he said, “My office is trying to move up the meeting to late tonight. They’ll get back with me in a minute.”
“Good,” Peter said. “Like I told you earlier, we have an attack cruiser and three shuttles. The Purists started with six attack cruisers but we managed to steal one from them and destroy another. I don’t know how many shuttles they have.”
“Those odds don’t sound too good,” Stan said.
Peter nodded. “Except we may have a slight technological advantage. That’s how we were able to destroy one of their attack cruisers, while ours survived.”
He explained how Rossi Sincini had managed to build plasma cannons for Earth’s Destiny. While he was talking, Mo’s cell phone rang. Mo picked it up and listened. His face turned grim then went pale. He hung up slowly and looked up.
“They can’t find the President! He was in the Oval Office and then he wasn’t. They’ve searched everywhere but he’s nowhere to be found.”

Chapter 27
Abductions
Soon, Videl’s Revenge was back on course for Earth. But the mood on the bridge was somber and desperate after the shocking loss of Humanities Hope. Nobody said a word for a long time as each tried to analyze for himself what had gone wrong. Finally Vice Admiral Cystrom broke the silence.
“This changes everything,” he said. “They have a weapon that can destroy our attack cruisers. What’s the range of a plasma cannon, anyway?”
“Pretty short, actually,” Lt. Lethrow said. “That’s why they waited until the cruiser was almost on top of them.”
“So, as long as we keep our distance, we’ll be fine.”
“What if they put one of those weapons on a fighter?” Lt. Hanze asked.
“Not possible,” Lt. Lethrow explained. “Plasma cannons require a lot of power. A fighter wouldn’t have anywhere near enough of it.”
The com specialist stood up. “Sir, I have contact with Earth.”
A smile burst onto Vice Admiral Cystrom’s face. “Excellent. Put me through immediately, and go find Rupra Bruda.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Commander Kulchz here,” a voice said.
“Commander,” Cystrom said. “So good to hear your voice.”
“And yours as well, Vice Admiral. We were talking to your lead ship, which is approaching Earth, and they forwarded our signal to you. We are so saddened to hear of the death of Videl Lai.”
“Yes, that was most unfortunate.”
“Is Operation Conquest Earth still on?”
“Yes, it was his will that the mission go forward whether he lived or died. He told me that himself.”
“Good. Everything is in place for immediate implementation. All we need is proper authorization to go forward.”
“The admiral is here, and Rupra Bruda should be here in a tik. I assume that will represent sufficient authority in the absence of my father.”
“Certainly.”
“Have any Earth shuttles arrived in the last few days?”
“Yes, one came yesterday apparently. We know that because Peter Turner has surfaced here.”
Vice Admiral Cystrom clenched his fist. “Well, we knew he was on his way. He must be killed.”
“We killed a man his father hired to investigate us, but Turner and his father have since made contact with the FBI and the CIA and are now under protection, so they’re out of reach for now.”
“His death should be a high priority,” Cystrom insisted. “He caused us much trouble in Tarizon.”
“We’re watching him, just waiting for the right opportunity.”
“How much does the U.S. government know about OCE?”
“Not much. Most of the agents working on the case still don’t think aliens exist.”
Vice Admiral Cystrom snickered. “Good. It sounds like the time is right, then, to set them straight on that point.”
Rupra Bruda stepped onto the bridge.
Evohn nodded to his Tahma. “All right,” he said. “I’ll put the admiral and Rupra Bruda on.”
The admiral stepped forward and spoke. “Commander, good work. I knew we could count on you. So, everything is in place, I understand?”
“Yes, once we have your authorization we’ll take custody of the American president, vice president, and Speaker of the House. That will make our comrade next in line to become president.”
“Excellent.”
“Once he’s sworn in, he’ll start putting more of us in key positions of authority. It will take some time but not so long before we are in complete control. Of course, the beauty of Videl’s plan is that the Americans will never know we have taken over their government.”
“Unless Peter Turner and his father wake up the sleeping giant,” Rupra Bruda said. 
“Tahma Bruda! It’s go good to hear your voice,” Kulchz said.
“It’s been a long time,” Bruda said.
“Yes, it has. I’m so glad you made it back to Earth.”
“Me too. Now we must make sure nothing goes wrong. You must kill Peter Turner and his father. They are both quite dangerous.” 	
“You know that Stan Turner conspired with the Loyalists on Earth to blow up my space shuttle?” Kulchz remarked.
“I heard that. So, why is he still alive?”
“Since he worked closely with the CIA, we were afraid his death might alarm them and they might start snooping around and discover how many of us had not returned to Tarizon.”
“Very well, but now you must kill them, and the other two sons as well. We cannot allow anyone to stop OCE.”
“It will be done,” Kulchz said. 
“Good. So, as the leader of our party, I authorize you to begin Operation Conquest Earth,” Bruda said.
“And I,” the admiral added, “as the commander of the Intergalactic Fleet, join in that authorization. We will take our positions in orbit around the planet to support your efforts as needed.”
“Very well. I have just set OCE in motion,” Kulchz said. “I will keep you posted on our progress.”
“Thank you, Commander. God be with you.”
The com link went dead and everyone broke out in smiles. Then someone started clapping. Soon bottles of Tekari were being passed around and the party had begun. Lt. Muri showed up a little later with some of her female friends and they piped in music over the com link. Everyone was in great spirits and having a good time. The party lasted about a kyloon, and then Specialist Prill interrupted them.
“Vice Admiral,” Prill said. “I’ve been advised by our sister cruiser Invincible that another Earth shuttle is nearing Earth.”
“Has it met up with Earth’s Destiny yet?” Vice Admiral Cystrom asked.
“Not yet. Apparently they are still a few kyloons away.”
“Excellent. Tell them to intercept it and destroy it. We’ll get there as fast as we can to help.”
“Yes, sir,” Prill said.
Evohn felt good. He believed his string of bad luck was finally over. Now things were starting to fall his way. It was only a matter of time until Videl’s dream, and now his dream, would be realized. He’d rule Earth the way God intended humans to rule it. It would be his paradise. 
A slightly drunken Lt. Muri staggered over to him and almost fell. He grabbed her arm to steady her. She put her other arm around his neck.
“Congratulations, Vice Admiral. You did it!” she said.
He smiled and eased her over to a chair. Before he could dump her in it she kissed him. He broke away somewhat irritated but kept his composure. He’d have all the women any man could want soon enough, he thought. He saw Rupra Bruda approaching.
“So, the day has arrived,” Bruda said.
“Yes, I can’t believe it. Thank you for making it possible.”
“Well, thank you for not letting me rot in prison.”
They raised their bottles of Tekari.
“So, I hope Kulchz can handle everything on Earth,” Evohn said. “Do you think we should go down there and help out?”
“No. We’d stick out too much and wouldn’t know what to do anyway. I’m sure he has everything under control. He’d have asked for help had he needed it.”
“I don’t know. Peter Turner worries me.”
“He’ll be dead soon.”
Specialist Prill walked up. “Sir, Commander Kulchz has an update for you.”
Cystrom and Bruda stood up and followed Prill to the communications room. “Yes, Commander,” Cystrom said. “That was fast.”
“Yes, I thought you’d like to know the President has been abducted without any difficulty. He’s en route to ES 13.”
“Excellent. What about the vice president and speaker?”
“The funeral they’re attending is not for another kyloon, but I knew you’d want to know our first objective had been realized.”
“What was the reaction to his sudden disappearance?”
“The White House is in chaos. Nobody knows what to do. It’s rather comical, actually.”
“I imagine so,” Cystrom said. “Good work. Let me know when the others have been apprehended.”
“I will, sir.”
Cystrom turned to Bruda and smiled. “My father was a brilliant man, wasn’t he? While everyone else was worrying about sending children back to Tarizon, he was studying the American government and plotting its overthrow.”
“Yes, and the Americans gave us free rein to run around their country with no oversight and few restrictions, just so their military would always be the strongest on Earth. They swallowed our assurances that we had no interest in Earth as a home for our people.”
“Such naiveté will be their downfall,” Cystrom said.
As they were about to leave, a light began blinking on the communications console. Prill picked up the receiver and listened. 
“Sir. Invincible has intercepted one of the Earth shuttles. They’re preparing to attack. We should catch up with them in about a kyloon.”
“Very good. Tell them to attack when ready and send us a live feed.”
“Yes, sir,” Prill said and turned back to relay the order.
“I want to see that shuttle blown to bits,” Cystrom said. “It will be the climax of a historic day.”
Bruda nodded. “Yes, indeed.”
Cystrom and Bruda went back to the bridge to wait for the live feed to come up. The party had ended and only Lt. Hanze, Lt. Lethrow, and Lt. Muri were still there. Lt. Hanze was on duty, and Lt. Lethrow was trying to rouse Lt. Muri, who was passed out in a chair. She finally stirred and her eyes opened.
“Oh! The party’s over?” she asked sleepily.
“I’m afraid so,” Lt. Lethrow said. “Can I escort you back to your quarters?”
Lt. Muri stretched and then sighed. “Well, actually I had a question for the Vice Admiral.” 
Cystrom, hearing a reference to him, turned and looked at Lt. Muri. “Yes, what’s your question?”
“Well, you promised Vice Admiral Brunns that if he ran his fighter into Earth’s Destiny that he’d be a martyr and his alleged treason would be expunged from his record.”
Cystrom didn’t respond. Lt. Muri continued. “So, my question is: Are you going to honor the promise made to him even though the mission was a failure? I think you should. He did what you asked.”
Cystrom was about to speak but Bruda cut him off. “His record will be expunged but since he botched his mission and endangered OCE he’ll be no martyr. In fact, from this day forward his name will never be spoken again, understood?”
Lt. Muri frowned and was about to object when she noticed the scowl on his face and thought better of it. “Well, I guess that’s reasonable,” she conceded.
The screen suddenly stirred, and an image of ES 52 appeared in the distance. Hundreds of fighters were flying toward it in formation. Fighters from the shuttle were pouring out to intercept their attackers. When the formation got close to the shuttle they broke off into two wings to attack from both flanks. Soon the two sides were exchanging missiles and laser fire. At first, both sides seemed to be losing fighters at about the same rate, but because the Purists had twice as many fighters, their advantage was growing as the battle went on. 
For the first two kyloons, the Purists were unsuccessful in getting close to ES 52, but eventually they were able to approach within missile and laser range and began firing at the big ship. ES 52 fought back stubbornly, taking out numerous Purist fighters. As the battle continued to rage, Evohn Cystrom grew impatient.
“Why can’t they destroy it?” he complained to Lt. Lethrow. “Are our weapons useless?”
“It looks like their fighters are more advanced than we expected. They must have gotten some of the upgraded T-69s.”
“Why didn’t we get them?”
“We were cut off when the siege of Shisk began. The Loyalists took control of all manufacturing facilities about that time.”
“We need to finish ES 52 off.”
“Don’t worry, Vice Admiral. Their hull can’t hold up forever. If it’s still intact when we get there, I’ll personally go out there and finish it off.”
Cystrom took a deep breath, trying to maintain his composure. “You may just have to do that, Lieutenant. It seems the pilots from Invincible are incompetent.”
As the officers on the bridge of Videl’s Revenge watched the battle rage, there was a slight glimmer of light near the aft landing platform. Cystrom saw it and blinked. He looked again but saw nothing. He wondered if there was something in his eye so he rubbed it vigorously. He looked again but there was nothing to see. As he gazed out at ES 52 an ominous feeling came over him. As hard as he tried he couldn’t shake it. 

	Chapter 28
	Zekiah Swamp
It was the first time Peter had been to the White House. The last time his family had visited DC, they’d spent too much time at the Smithsonian and missed the last White House tour. 
Peter marveled at the paintings, ornate decorations, and historical furnishings as he sat patiently with his father and Dr. Gerhardt outside the Chief of Staff’s office. Much to their chagrin, Reggie and Mark had been forced to stay at the Watergate, since they hadn’t been invited to the White House. 
The door to Chief of Staff Roger Winslow’s office finally opened, and Mo stuck his head out and nodded for them to come in. They got up, filed in, and were directed to sit on a long bench seat to the left of Winslow’s desk. Two Secret Service agents, Arthur Griggs and Jason Hamilton, introduced themselves. 
Winslow looked tired and beaten as he fell back into his executive chair. He looked at Peter. “So, you think the President’s disappearance has something to do with the Tarizon project.”
“Yes, I know it does,” Peter replied. “Didn’t Agent Snead tell you about the transcript I translated?”
“Yes he did, but it’s all a little hard to swallow.”
Peter shrugged. “I don’t doubt that, but believe me it’s what’s happening right now, and if you don’t take immediate action it’s going to be too late.”
“What kind of action?”
“Well, you’ve got to protect the vice president and Speaker of the House, for starters.”
“Don’t worry about them. They’re attending a funeral right now and the Secret Service has them under heavy guard.”
Peter rolled his eyes. “I’m afraid that’s not going to cut it. Did Agent Snead tell you there’s a mole in the Secret Service?”
Winslow looked at Snead. Snead took a deep breath. “We don’t know for sure, but there was a mention in one of the meetings we monitored of an alien recently being accepted into the Secret Service.”
“Do you have a name?” 
“Not a name, no, but he’ll be one just recently admitted. It shouldn’t be too hard to figure it out.”
“So what do you suggest we do?”
“You need to move the vice president and speaker to a secure location immediately,” Peter said. “But don’t call the on-site team and tell them where to go. Send a new team over and let the new team take them to a safe place. And let me screen the new agents before they go. I’ll be able to tell if they are aliens or traitors,” Peter said.
Agent Hamilton shook his head. “This is crap! They’re perfectly safe where they are. There are hundreds of people at the funeral.”
Stan looked at Hamilton. “Do you remember a murder trial a few years back in Dallas where the defendant was abducted in mid-sentence during her testimony?”
Hamilton nodded. “I heard something about it.”
“The aliens did that. If they know the vice president and the speaker are at the funeral, they’ll go there, use their memory gun, and your agents along with everyone else at the funeral will be out of commission for ten or fifteen minutes. In the meantime, the VP and speaker will be long gone, just like the President.”
“Okay, so we do what you say. How do we get the President back?” Winslow asked.
Peter sighed. “I’m not sure about that, but you can start by letting Dr. Gerhardt hypnotize your agents to find out who took the president, and if there was any indication as to where they were going with him.”
Winslow gave Dr. Gerhardt a hard look, and then the telephone rang. He picked it up and listened. His face grew red and he slammed the telephone back on the receiver. He looked at Peter. “That was the team leader at the Hodges funeral. Someone attacked them during the ceremony. Nobody knows what happened except that the vice president and the speaker are missing!”
Peter stood up. “We’re running out of time! Take me to the funeral. Let me check his security team. Maybe I can figure out where they took him. Dr. Gerhardt can stay here and start interrogating your agents. We’ve got to find your mole.”
“Okay. Hamilton, take Peter to the funeral. Stan and Dr. Gerhardt can stay here with Mo and interrogate anyone here at the White House who might have seen something.”
“Someone ought to start doing some research on Senator Rubio,” Peter said. “If he’s an alien we better start gathering data to prove it.” 
“I’ll do that,” Snead said. “That shouldn’t be too hard.”
“Look for opponents dying or dropping out of the race unexpectedly,” Peter advised. “That’s the Purists’ modus operandi—eliminate your opposition by any means necessary.” 
Snead nodded. “Will do. You better get going.”
Peter nodded and looked at Hamilton. 
“Okay, let’s go,” Hamilton said, standing up. “The funeral was on the other side of town, so I’ll call in a chopper.”
After Peter and Agent Hamilton had left, Stan and Dr. Gerhardt went to the security gate to start hypnotizing witnesses. They figured they’d start there and then try to figure out how the abduction took place. 
The guard Dr. Gerhardt hypnotized first was Tom Stern. The psychiatrist flashed a small penlight in front of Stern’s eyes.
“Look at the light and when I count down to zero you’ll remember how you allowed an unauthorized intruder enter the White House. Five . . . four . . . three . . . two . . . one . . . zero. Tell me what you see,” Dr. Gerhardt ordered.
“It’s a maintenance van,” Stern said. “Two men in the front seat dressed in uniforms of Parr Heating & Air. They claim to have received a call to fix an AC unit. I know nothing about it, so I call in to the maintenance office. Then the driver pulls out a gun and fires. I see the gun and expect to die, but instead a blue light flashes in my face. My body suddenly feels numb and I feel myself falling. . . .”
“Do you remember anything else?” Dr. Gerhardt asked.
“No. When I woke up the President was gone and everyone was frantic.”
“From here, where would the intruders have gone to find the President?” Stan asked.
He pointed down the driveway. “To the West Entrance Portico.”
“Okay, let’s go,” Stan said, starting to walk. When they got to the West Entrance Portico he stopped at the door that led into the West Wing. A Marine was posted at the door. “Soldier, were you on duty when the President disappeared?” Stan asked.
“Yes. I was.”
“Okay, Dr. Gerhardt here will need to hypnotize you to see if you can remember anything about the abductors.”
The soldier nodded and followed Dr. Gerhardt inside to a private conference room adjacent to the lobby, where he was seated for the session. After he was under, Dr. Gerhardt asked him what he remembered.
“There were six men dressed in identical uniforms,” the Marine guard said. “Two of them were carrying tool boxes. They had not been cleared to enter the West Wing, so I alerted the Secret Service and stopped them. Two Secret Service agents came out from the lobby almost immediately. They argued with the men for a few seconds then one of them pointed a gun at us. The agents drew their weapons but it was too late. I don’t remember anything after that. I woke up on the ground about eleven minutes later. The Secret Service agents were lying next to me.”
“Where would the men have gone once they’d gotten into the West Wing?” Stan asked.
“Through the lobby and then by the Roosevelt Room to the Oval Office.”
“Whom did they have to pass to get to the Oval Office?”
“A lot of people. His secretary for sure.”
Stan looked at Mo. “Let’s put her under next.”
Mo nodded and led them to the President’s secretary’s office. She didn’t look well. Mo asked her if she was up to being hypnotized. She said she’d do anything to help find the President.
“I just don’t understand how he could have vanished into thin air,” she moaned.
Stan nodded. “I know it’s hard to believe, but it’s an advanced technology that we don’t understand yet.”
Dr. Gerhardt put her into a trance and then asked her what she remembered. 
“The men just came rushing in and went right past me,” she said. “Two Secret Service agents came in after them. There was a flash of light in the Oval Office. I was looking down so I didn’t see the light directly, just a reflection. I guess that’s why I didn’t become unconscious like the others.”
“Did you hear them say anything?”
“Yes, but they were talking a foreign language I didn’t understand.”
“So, what happened next?” Dr. Gerhardt asked.
“Two of the men dragged the President down the corridor toward the lobby, then another one pointed his gun at me and that’s the last thing I remember.”
Stan turned to Mo. “Good. So, we know six men took him away in a Parr Heating & Air van. You can probably get a license plate from your surveillance cameras and the direction they took when they left the White House grounds.”
“I’ll put out an APB on the van and then have the Secret Service check the surveillance tapes. We should have a license plate number in just a few minutes.”
Mo headed downstairs to the Secret Service office on the ground floor.
“That’s the same cover Kulchz used back in Dallas. You’d think they’d mix things up a bit,” Stan observed.
“He probably didn’t think it was necessary since DC is a long way from Dallas and the memory gun wiped away any memory of the Parr company vans,” Dr. Gerhardt suggested. 
“I suppose,” Stan said. “I wonder where they took him? Would they take him to one of their Earth shuttles?”
“Probably, that would be a pretty secure location.”
“Okay, where is a likely spot to land a spaceship the size of a football field?”
“I don’t know. We need to look at some maps. It would have to be flat, no trees, and somewhat secluded.”
“I doubt there are very many places like that around DC.”
“A wildlife refuge maybe or some land near a flood plain?” Dr. Gerhardt suggested.
Mo came back, and Stan asked him if they could get some maps of the local area to see where a space shuttle might land. Mo said he could do better than that. He’d have some satellite images taken of the area and displayed in the Situation Room. They would show the likely landing spots. Stan suggested they might want to compare them to previous images of the same area to see if there were any unexplained changes in the structures on the ground. Mo agreed and left to go get that project started. When he returned he had news.
“They got a license number on the van. It’s registered to Parr Heating & Air, Inc. of Dallas, Texas. There was a local address on the registration. An FBI SWAT team is on their way there now.”
“They wouldn’t be stupid enough to leave a trail like that. It’s got to be a bogus address,” Stan said.
“True. But we have to roll over every rock.”
“Right. Have you searched their Alexandria offices yet?”
“Yes, they were cleaned out during the night.”
“Figures,” Stan said. “What about Jerry? He was supposed to stick with Kulchz. Has he checked in?”
“About twenty minutes ago. He’s staked out across the street from Kulchz’ apartment. Says he hasn’t budged all night.”
“I bet he did sneak out, but flashed Jerry with the memory gun so he wouldn’t remember it. You should send a team out there to see if Kulchz is there now and search his place if he’s not. Can you get a warrant?”
“The frickin’ President is missing,” Mo said irritably. “I think we can get a warrant.”
“Right,” Stan said. “Sorry, I know all this must be difficult for you.”
“Difficult! It’s a frickin’ nightmare.”
“Have the people been informed that the President is missing?” Stan asked.
“Not yet, but he’s due for an appearance in less than an hour. We can probably cancel the meeting and say he’s not feeling well, but that won’t buy us much time. The press will want details of his illness and they’ll be calling his doctors.”
Snead walked into the room holding a sheet of paper. He handed it to Mo. 
“Here’s the scoop on Senator Rubio,” Snead said. “In his first political campaign for mayor his opponent was caught messing around with one of his campaign workers a few days before the election. He claims to have been set up—denied any previous relationship with the woman.”
“Probably drugged him, took him to a motel, then had one of Kulchz’ guides snuggle up next him in a room,” Stan said. “Took a few photos, called the press, and it was all over.”
Snead raised his eyebrows, nodded, and then continued. “In his congressional campaign he was in a tight battle in the primary. Fortuitously, his opponent ran into a train when a signal light malfunctioned. There’s still a wrongful death suit pending against the railroad company. ” 
“Peter was telling me about an ion shield they use on their battle cruisers,” Stan said. “It screws up anything electronic that passes through it. Causes the missiles to prematurely explode. I’m sure they have a portable version that could make a signal light malfunction.”
“Okay, but that’s all speculation,” Snead said. “It’s not enough to challenge his right to be sworn in as President if he’s the next in the line of succession.”
“I know,” Stan said. “That’s what Kulchz is counting on. Once Senator Rubio is sworn in, the Cabinet will resign and he’ll appoint his own people. After that it will be downhill for the Purists. They’ll gradually consolidate their power and subtly destroy any opposition. That’s how they did it on Tarizon.”
“What about the tape?” Mo said. “We have Rubio on tape at the tail end of the meeting the other night. They were discussing the overthrow of the government for godsakes. He was the one suggesting they speak Tari.”
“True but we only have his voice. Nobody spoke his name and he didn’t identify himself,” Snead replied.
“Didn’t they photograph him coming out of the meeting?” Stan asked.
“They may have, but all the photographs have disappeared.”
“Disappeared? How did that happen?” Mo asked.
“They were checked into evidence but when I went over there looking for them a little while ago they couldn’t find them.”
“Oh, great!” Stan exclaimed. “They’ve got someone inside the FBI. I bet by now the tape is gone too?”
Snead picked up his phone and made a call. “Hey, Jon. How are you coming on that audio tape I left with you. Were you able to authenticate Senator Rubio’s voice?”
Everyone watched Snead expectantly.
“What do you mean it’s been erased!” Snead snarled. He listened a moment longer and then hung up the phone angrily. He looked at Stan and Mo and sighed. “Jon was processing the tape at his work station. Apparently while he was at lunch someone erased it.”
 “They must have found out we taped their meeting,” Stan suggested.  “How well do you know this Joh fellow?”
Snead didn’t answer; he was listening to someone in his earpiece. “Ah. They have the satellite images up in the Situation Room if you want to take a look.”
Stan nodded and got up. They all followed Snead into the Situation Room, which was a hubbub of activity. Hamilton was already there. On the wall were several photos of the DC area. They studied them for a moment. Stan pointed to a green area on one of the photos. 
“Cedarville State Forest—Zekiah Swamp Run runs right through it. It’s the closest secluded area. That would be my bet.”
“How could a spaceship land that close to DC without being detected?” Hamilton asked.
“Ah. You know the guy on the tape, Colonel Huffman?” Snead replied. “He’s assigned to NORAD’s Northeast Air Defense Sector.”
Stan shook his head and sighed.
“You guys go check Zekiah Swamp Run,” Snead said. “I’m going to do more research on Senator Rubio and see if I can find those photographs, although without the tape I’m not sure what good they will do us.”
Stan nodded and looked at Mo. 
“I hope this side trip isn’t a waste of time,” Mo said.
“You can stay here,” Stan said. “Dr. Gerhardt and I will go check it out. If we find the shuttle we’ll call you.”
Mo thought for a moment and then nodded. “Yeah, I think that would be best. I’ve got several other leads to check out. I’ll arrange a car and a cell phone.”
Stan nodded and then wondered if he was actually wasting his time. What made him think this location was where the shuttle would be hidden? He couldn’t explain it, but the spot had just jumped out at him when he saw it on the map. He thought about it while he and Dr. Gerhardt waited for the vehicle to be brought up. It was a long shot but he couldn’t think of anything better to do, so he and Dr. Gerhardt set out for Zekiah Swamp Run—whatever that was.

	Chapter 29
	Martyr
Red reluctantly rolled out of Lora’s bed. It was 0500 and he only had thirty loons before he had to relieve Lt. Leary on the bridge. He looked back at her, wishing they were in his house on Tarizon and not in a shuttle traveling FTL toward their doom. 
He wasn’t a coward. He’d proved that on many occasions, but he tended to be pessimistic and negative about the future. Then, at the last minute, when he found out he’d be flying the one weapon that could destroy a Purist attack cruiser, it was almost too much and he’d lost it. Had Lora not taken care of him and nursed him back to health, he knew he’d have gone crazy. 
Falling in love with Lt. Lora Marz was a wonderful thing, and he thanked God and Sandee every day for making it happen. But it made the stress of the mission even worse. Now, not only did he have to worry about himself, but Lora as well. He couldn’t let her down, he told himself as he finally closed the door and headed for the bridge. When he got there Lt. Leary told him three attack cruisers had passed them by during the night and that he should be on the alert for the other two. His stomach twisted at the news.
Several kyloons into his watch, his communications specialist advised him there were two large ships closing in on them.
“The first will make contact in ten loons,” he reported. “The other will be on us in two kyloons.”
Red swallowed hard. “Well, this is it. Notify the Captain.”
“Yes, sir,” he said.
Red leaned into his com link and said, “All hands! Battle stations! This is no drill. All hands! Battle stations. This is no drill.”
A piercing alarm bell began to ring, and every person on the ship jumped out of bed or stopped what they were doing to scramble to their assigned posts. When Captain Sparten made it to the bridge and relieved him, Red went straight to the flight deck. On the way, Lora intercepted him. They embraced.
“Oh, Red. I can’t believe this day has come. Be careful out there. I would die if anything happened to you.”
He forced a smile and looked down at her. “I’ll be fine. No matter what you see, don’t worry. I’m going to kick some Purist ass.”
They kissed passionately one last time and then he disappeared into a swarm of anxious pilots running to their planes. Tears welled in Lora’s eyes, and she wondered if she’d ever see him again. When she’d recovered she went back to prepare sick bay for the flood of casualties that would soon be overwhelming her.
On the flight deck, Red met with his two squadron commanders, Lt. Leary and Lt. Sham, to review their strategy.
“I don’t know if they both plan to attack us, but if they do Yellow Squadron will defend us forward and Green Squadron aft,” Red explained. “When the time comes to attack, let’s do it just like we practiced, Yellow port, Green starboard. Hit them hard so they won’t have time to react when I come out of stealth.”
The two flight leaders nodded and ran to their fighters. Red waited until they were all launched before he got into his T-73 and shot out of ES 52’s aft landing bay and immediately went stealth. From a distance he watched the two Loyalist squadrons collide with the horde of Purist fighters. The Purists had them outnumbered, but they had slightly superior aircraft, so the Loyalists had the upper hand in one-to-one combat. At last, the attacking fighters flew off to refuel, leaving just a handful of defenders in front of the cruiser. Red knew this was the opportunity they had been waiting for to attack the battle cruiser itself.
“G1. Y1. I’m tired of watching you have all the fun. Let’s see if this PC of mine really works.”
“Affirmative,” G1 replied.
“We’ll keep ’em busy, Captain,” Y1 said.
As they’d practiced, the two squadrons broke off into two wings to attack the battle cruiser from both sides. They swung around and came at their target in a line. The few fighters left to defend tried to cut them off with a salvo of missiles but had no chance at stopping them all. Several fighters blew up, but most of them broke through and launched their missiles at Invincible. The ionic shield immediately powered up and the missiles exploded on contact. The ship was jolted around by the shock waves from the missile but wasn’t damaged.
The fighters flew by and turned around for a return attack. As they approached the attack cruiser, hundreds of refueled fighters flew out and met them close to the ship. It was a chaotic scene, with hundreds of ships in close combat almost on top of Invincible. Red, watching from behind the attack cruiser, grinned as he saw his plan unfolding perfectly. He knew Yellow and Green Squadrons couldn’t stay that close for long as the cruiser’s lasers would cut them to shreds, so he gave it full throttle and headed straight at Invincible.
He watched the ship coming up quickly, and when he calculated the time was right, went out of stealth mode and armed the plasma cannon. Time seemed to almost stop as he waited a few tiks for it to power up; then the sky exploded as a laser shot past him, knocking off the tip of his wing. His plane jerked wildly, but Red managed to keep it on course. Then suddenly, a thick stream of plasma shot out of his plasma cannon toward Invincible. It was so bright Red had to turn away to keep from being blinded. 
A portion of the plasma stream hit the aft landing platform and flooded into the ship. The rest oozed around its hull until the ship finally exploded and split apart. Red tried to pull away from the ship but the laser blast had impaired the T-73’s maneuverability. He managed to avoid colliding with the ship but was pelted by debris from the explosion. 
Two Purist fighters saw him in distress and went in for the kill. His decoys automatically deployed when the first fighter locked onto him and launched its missiles. The missiles took the bait and blew up harmlessly, but the second fighter waited until he was right on top of Red and fired his laser. Meanwhile, Y1 saw that Red was in trouble and came to help out, but it was too late. He saw Red’s fighter explode right in front of his eyes.
Lt. Marz looked on in horror as Red’s fighter exploded and quickly disappeared from view. Tears welled in her eyes and she began to cry. Captain Sparten came up from behind and put his hand on her shoulder.
“I’m so sorry, Lora,” he said. “I thought sure he’d make it back safely.”
She turned to look at him, her eyes swollen and red. “He knew he was going to die. He knew from the day he boarded this ship. Why did it have to be him? Who decided he’d be the one to fly the T-73? He never wanted the responsibility.”
“Why don’t you go to your quarters and lie down,” the Captain suggested.
She shook her head and wiped the tears from her eyes. “No, I’ve got patients to attend to. They’ll be arriving at any moment. I’m sorry for the breakdown, Captain.”


The knot in Evohn Cystrom’s stomach was tightening as he watched the video feed of Invincible’s attack on ES 52. The old shuttle was stubbornly hanging on despite numerous direct missile strikes. Cystrom’s eyes narrowed as he noticed a large formation of Loyalist fighters heading straight at Invincible. He tried to understand why they’d launch such a futile attack, which would surely result in the annihilation of the entire squadron. 
Then he saw it: a fighter appearing out of thin air right on top of Invincible. His mouth dropped as he saw a bolt of thick orange fire erupt from the fighter. To his utter dismay, the plasma cut straight through and around the hull of Invincible. Then, after a few long tiks, the battle cruiser exploded, sending debris and shock waves in every direction. All the fighters in close proximity were obliterated, consumed by the explosion.
Cystrom gasped and turned to Lt. Lethrow. “I thought fighters couldn’t carry plasma cannons.”
Lt. Lethrow shook his head in disbelief. “I didn’t think they could, either. The power requirement is incredible.”
“Again we’ve underestimated the Loyalists!”
Specialist Prill walked up. “Sir, we’re coming up on ES 52.”
“What!” Cystrom exclaimed. “Get us out of here! If they destroyed Invincible they can destroy us, too!”
Lt. Lethrow punched a course correction into the computer. The ship began to move away from ES 52 and was soon going FTL again on a course for Earth.
“I can’t believe this!” Cystrom yelled. “Another attack cruiser has been lost. This is unacceptable! We can’t let the Loyalists stop OCE! My father must be rolling in his grave. We can’t let him down!”
Rupra Bruda stepped up and put his hand on Evohn’s shoulder. “OCE is already underway,” he said. “It’s too late for the Loyalists to stop it. All we have to do is kill Peter Turner and everyone he’s enlisted to oppose us. And with the resources we have on Earth that shouldn’t be a problem.”
“But how can we survive if the Loyalists have a stealth fighter with a plasma cannon?” Lt. Muri asked.
“I don’t know, but with God’s help we’ll find a way,” Bruda replied.
“There must be something we can do to defend ourselves,” the admiral said. “Can’t we double up on our patrols? Surely if a fighter gets close to our sensors we will pick it up.”
“There were fighters all around Invincible and she didn’t detect the one with the plasma cannon until it was too late,” Lt. Lethrow replied.
“So, you say there’s nothing we can do other than stay clear of ES 52?” the admiral asked.
Lt. Lethrow shrugged. “Fighters have a limited range, so if we stay far enough away from the shuttle, we should be okay.”
“But that’s not practical,” Cystrom replied. “We need to be in orbit around Earth in case our support is needed. There has to be another way.”
“Well, perhaps we could extend our ionic shield out farther from the ship,” Lt. Lethrow suggested. “We’d know when the fighter went through it because it would knock out all the intruder’s electronics and it would immediately become visible. That might give us time to destroy it with our lasers before it could fire its cannon.”
“Right, and we’d be looking for a stealth fighter,” the admiral said. “Invincible, on the other hand, had no idea such a thing existed. They never had a chance.”
“That’s right, Admiral,” Lt. Lethrow said. “We should implement those changes immediately. In the meantime we’ll just have to stay clear of ES 52.”
“Wait a minute,” Cystrom said thoughtfully. “Let me see that video feed again. As I recall, that fighter was extremely close to Invincible when she exploded. It may not have survived.”
“I’ll play the last few loons again,” Specialist Prill said.
All eyes turned to the video monitor. They watched it intently, but this time they focused on the attacking fighter. They saw it suddenly appear, fire its plasma cannon, veer away, and narrowly escape the explosion. Then their hearts soared as they saw two Purist fighters chase after it and eventually destroy it with a barrage of missiles.
There were cheers on the bridge, and Evohn Cystrom felt incredibly relieved. “I wonder how many of those fighters they have?” he asked. “It wouldn’t surprise me if that was the only one.”
“I’m sure it was,” Lt. Lethrow replied. “I was monitoring our production facility very closely and there weren’t any fighters with plasma cannons in production that I knew about. It must have been the T-73 prototype.”
Specialist Prill looked up. “Sir, Commander Kulchz is hailing us.”
“Good,” Evohn said. “He better have some good news.”
		

Captain Sparten went back to his station on the bridge of ES 52. His communications specialist was waiting for him.
“Sir.”  It appears the other attack cruiser is gone.”
The Captain frowned and then smiled when he saw Lt. Leary coming toward him. “Congratulations. You did it!”
“Right, but Red wasn’t supposed to die,” Lt. Leary replied.
“I know. That was unfortunate. Lt. Marz is pretty upset about it.”
“I bet.”
“But she’s a good soldier. She went back to work.”
“That’s best. It will keep her mind off of what happened.”
“The other attack cruiser seems to have disappeared,” Captain Sparten said.
“Well, they’re probably afraid we have more T-73s.”
The Captain nodded. “Probably so. I can imagine we really put a scare into them. They’ll think twice before they attack us again.”
“How are we going to destroy the rest of them without a plasma cannon?”
“Earth’s Destiny still has theirs,” Captain Sparten reminded him.
“Right. But they’ll never get close to a Purist attack cruiser again.”
“Maybe Rossi Sincini can figure out how to put one on a T-69. I sent him all the specs for the T-73. The man’s a genius. He might figure it out.”
“Sure, in time, but we’re running out of that commodity.”
“Sir,” the communications specialist said.
“Yes, what is it?”
“There are thirty-eight enemy fighters wanting to surrender and come aboard.”
The Captain raised his eyebrows. “Really?”
“Yes, sir.”
“It’s surrender or die,” Lt. Leary said. “They lost their mother ship. Without Invincible they’ll eventually run out of fuel and oxygen and die.”
“Right, but they could fire their missiles once they got in the ship and we’d all go up in flames,” Captain Sparten said.
“Have them jettison all armaments before allowing entry,” Lt. Leary suggested.
“That’s a waste of good ammunition, but I guess it’s the only practical solution.”
The Captain gave the order and the fighters, one by one, jettisoned all their missiles, disabled their lasers, and then flew onto the ship’s launching platform. Armed soldiers on the deck pointed laser rifles at them as crew members helped them take off their flight suits. Each was searched and then taken to holding cells. The planes were then scanned and searched for anything that could be a hazard to the ship. Several loons later, the Captain met with Captain Murre, the senior officer among the prisoners.
“I trust you’ve been treated okay since your surrender,” the Captain said.
“Yes, you’ve been quite hospitable.”
“I need to ask you some questions.”
“You know I can’t talk to you.”
“Yes, that is your right, but I have two seafolken aboard who can read your mind, so you might as well just tell me what I want to know.”
“I’ve been trained to block my mind from intruders, so don’t bother bringing them in.”
“Not after I give you truth serum. Your mind will be so loose you’ll be spilling your guts to me.”
“Truth serum? Like they use in criminal investigations?”
“It’s actually something the American CIA developed and shared with us. It’s very effective. Shall we give it a try?”
“I guess you’ll have to because you’ll never get anything out of me voluntarily.”
The Captain shrugged. “Have it your way,” he said, and motioned to Lt. Marz, who approached them, carrying a vial and a syringe. Captain Murre began to struggle, but Captain Sparten held his arm still so Lt. Marz could administer the serum. After a few loons, Captain Murre became docile and slumped back in his chair. 
“Bring in Specialist Renel,” he said. 
A tall, slightly green-looking man walked in and took a seat across from the prisoner.
“Look at me,” Renel ordered.
The prisoner kept his head down, so Captain Sparten grabbed his hair and yanked it up, forcing the prisoner to look at Renel. The seafolken looked deep into Murre’s eyes and touched his mind. A flood of memories and images poured out. After a few loons he told the Captain he was done.
“Now I know what he knows,” Renel said. “Ask me what you want to know and I will tell you.”
“Take the prisoner back to his cell,” the Captain ordered. Two soldiers pulled him up by each arm and hauled him out of the room. “Okay, Specialist. Where is the rest of the Fleet?”
“Videl’s Revenge was the other ship preparing to attack,” Renel said. “The other two continued on to Earth and should be orbiting the planet as we speak.”
“So, New Age and Relentless are already in position.”
“Correct.”
“What are their orders now?”
“To watch over OCE and provide any force necessary to ensure its success. So far everything is going well, and the only orders they have received involve the elimination of certain persons trying to interfere with the operation.”
“Who’s on their hit list?” Captain Sparten asked.
“So far they have been ordered to find and kill Commander . . . er, Peter Turner, his father and family, a CIA operative named Mo, an FBI special agent named Snead, a Secret Service agent called Hamilton and, of course, Captain Shilling and the crew of ES 26.”
“So Peter has obviously been successful in warning the government,” Captain Sparten mused. “The question is whether or not they can do anything to stop OCE.”
“It would seem so.”
“What are they doing to try to stop Peter and the rest of them from interfering?” the Captain asked.
“They’ve dispatched two hundred soldiers to a Maryland National Guard Station under Purist control where they’ll be refitted, and then stand ready to respond if anyone on the list is spotted. Also, one of Commander Kulchz’ units in Texas is searching for Peter’s family, not to kill them, but to hold them hostage as leverage against Peter in case he jeopardizes OCE.”
A sinking feeling came over Captain Sparten. He didn’t know how Peter and the few others whom he’d managed to recruit to try to stop OCE could possibly be successful against such a well formulated plan that had been underway for a generation or more. He knew he had to get them some help.
“Check our link to Tarizon and see if it’s up. I need to talk to the Chancellor.”
Lt. Marz, who had remained during the interrogation, said she’d check and ran off. A few moments later she returned. “It’s up. Come now, sir. We’re hailing the Chancellor.”
The Captain leaped up and walked quickly to the bridge. A concerned looking Chancellor Lorin Boskie was on the screen.
“Chancellor, I am so glad we were able to make contact,” Captain Sparten said.
“Yes, it’s been some time. What’s happening?”
“Well, we’ve managed to destroy two attack cruisers with our plasma cannons, but I’m afraid we lost Red and our T-79.”
The Chancellor’s face turned white. “Oh, my God!”
“Yes, we were under attack and we had to take out Invincible or perish. I guess he knew it was a suicide mission. It’s nearly impossible to pull out quickly enough to avoid getting hit by the debris from the explosion, but he never wavered.”
The Chancellor struggled to keep her composure. “Yes, Red is . . . was . . . a true hero. . . . Well, I have some good news for you. The next shuttle behind you has two new T-73s, and the engineers have managed to increase the range of the plasma cannons by twenty percent. This should increase the pilots’ chance of survival substantially.”
“Yes, that is good news. When will the shuttle arrive?”
“In seven to ten days.”
Captain Sparten’s face dropped. “Oh. I don’t know if we have that much time. It could be all over by then.”
Captain Sparten briefed the Chancellor on all that had happened. He explained what he’d learned about OCE and how the President had already been abducted. He told her that Peter and all who were helping him were being tracked down and would be killed if found.
“So, I don’t know what to do, Madam Chancellor. That’s why I’m glad I was able to get through. We need your and Threebeard’s advice.”
“Yes, I’ve already patched Threebeard into the call. He is listening.”
“Hi, Captain,” Threebeard said as his image appeared on the screen. “I commend you for what you have already accomplished. It is very laudable.”
“Thank you, sir, but I fear without a miracle all will be lost.”
“Nonsense. You have done far more than I expected. You’ve destroyed a third of the Purist Fleet. I doubt anyone could have hoped for more.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Now you need to leave orbit and go dirtside to protect Peter and all those who are helping him. Forget about the Fleet for now. Take the shuttles to the surface and hide them. That way you’ll be beyond the range of the attack cruisers since they must stay in space; they were not built for atmospheric flight. If you can delay the success of OCE for seven to ten days then we can deal with the attack cruisers and defeat the Purists once and for all.”
“Yes, sir. You’re right. I should have thought of that.”
“Go now. There is no time to lose.”
The Captain nodded, and the screen blinked back to Lorin.
“May God and Sandee be with you, Captain.”
“Thank you, Madam Chancellor,” he said and the screen went blank.
The Captain thought a moment and looked at Lt. Leary. “You heard Threebeard,” he said. “Take us to Earth. Find us a landing site somewhere near Washington, DC. Let me know when we are close enough to make contact with Captain Shilling. I need to update her on a few things so she can relay the information to Peter. I need to warn him about the Purist soldiers masquerading as National Guard Troops.”
“Yes, sir,” Lt. Leary said and gave the order. 
ES 52 started to move and quickly gained speed until it was back at maximum, on course for Earth. Captain Sparten’s emotions had been on a roller coaster ride for the last few kyloons, but now he felt confident that there was at least a slim chance of beating the Purists and saving Earth.


Specialist 1st Class Wald Grugger leaned into the microphone for another attempt at making contact with ES 26. By his calculations they should have been in range, but for some reason ES 26 was not responding.
“ES 26, this is Earth’s Destiny, come in. . . . ES 26, come in. . . ,” he said and then leaned back in his chair.
The two lead ships in the Fleet would soon reach Earth, so it was critical that they establish contact before ES 39 to warn them and plan a rendevous. The Earth shuttle had to go dirtside without delay to support Commander Lanzia’s mission to contact the authorities there and warn them of the Fleet’s imminent arrival and hostile intentions. But Earth’s Destiny needed to borrow a number of ES 39’s fighters before the Earth shuttle left orbit for the surface.
“ES 39, come in. . . . ES 39, come in. . . ,” Grugger repeated.
There was static and then finally a response. “ES 39 here.”
“Thank God and Sandee,” Grugger said. “This is Earth’s Destiny. Where are you?”
Grugger touched his com link and notified Tam that he had made contact with ES 39.
“Just dropped into a stationary orbit around Earth,” said the voice from ES 39. “How long until you’ll be here?”
“We should be there tomorrow,” Grugger replied.
“Good, because we can’t hang around too long.”
Tam rushed up and took the mic.
“Hi. This is Commander Lavendar. Who am I talking to?”
“This is Lt. Musht.”
“Hi, Lieutenant. Just sit tight until we get there. We need your fighters. We lost most of ours fighting off the Fleet.”
“Really? Where’s the Fleet now?” 
“Two cruisers should be almost there. The other one is a day back.”
Tam explained how they’d been attacked by the Fleet and had managed to destroy Humanities Hope. He told them how Videl’s Revenge had fled the moment they realized they were in jeopardy.
“Wow! That’s very impressive.” Lt. Musht said. “I wish I could have seen Evohn Cystrom’s face when Humanities Hope was obliterated. So, one less attack cruiser to worry about. Commander Lanzia will be ecstatic.”
“Yes, we are just happy to be alive,” Tam said. “It was a stroke of luck that Humanities Hope tried to board us. It’s got us to thinking about how to eliminate the rest of the Fleet.”
“Really.”
“I’d like to hear about that,” Captain Reeling said as he walked onto the bridge.
“Captain. It’s good to hear your voice,” Tam said.
“I bet, after what you’ve been through.”
“Yes, God and Sandee were with us.”
“So, what’s this new strategy? I’ve been worried about how we were going to deal with the Fleet. You’ve eliminated part of the problem, but three Purist attack cruisers are still a formidable force.”
“Yes, three against one aren’t good odds, but the plasma cannon could be a decisive advantage.”
“Obviously. So, what’s your strategy?”
“Well. Now that the enemy knows we have the plasma cannon they won’t let us get near an attack cruiser. If we try to get close they’ll just go FTL and we’ll lose them.”
“Right. That was my conclusion as well.”
“So, we have to keep them from going FTL.”
“Exactly. A difficult task, though,” Captain Reeling said thoughtfully.
“True, but when we were first attacked we were traveling FTL and the enemy stopped us by putting a squadron of fighters directly in our path. If we’d tried to do an evasive maneuver to avoid them and miscalculated, or they compensated for our movement, we might have struck one of them.”
“Okay. I understand. You make it risky for them to go FTL. If they try and hit a fighter they’ll be destroyed anyway. . . . Excellent. When do you plan to try out your strategy?”
“Just as soon as they arrive. We don’t want to give them time to interact with their forces on Earth. But we’ll need as many of your fighters as you can spare to make this work.”
“Okay, here’s what we’ll do: Let’s leave this communications link open until our rendezvous so that all the necessary planning and coordination can be done ahead of time. That way there’ll be no delay for either of us tomorrow. We’ll transfer the ships to you, finalize our plans, and then we’ll head to the surface.”
“Sounds good. It was great talking with you. I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
The next day, when the rendezvous of ES 39 and Earth’s Destiny took place, the fighters were ferried over to the cruiser quickly and efficiently. While this was going on Captain Reeling, Lt. Musht,  Tam and Colonel Belmoht all met on Earth’s Destiny to discuss strategy and wish each other well. When the meeting was over the ES 39 officers went back to their shuttle and headed down to the surface of Earth. After they’d watched ES 39 disappear into Earth’s atmosphere, the crew of Earth’s Destiny prepared for their very daring mission—taking on two Purist attack cruisers and luring one of them into a deadly trap.

Chapter 30
The Mole
Before Hamilton took Peter to the chopper, they stopped at the Secret Service office on the ground floor of the West Wing. Hamilton explained the situation to the agent in charge.
“That’s a bunch of garbage,” the agent said. “Nobody can look into a man’s eyes and tell if he’s telling the truth or not.”
Hamilton shrugged. “I know it sounds bizarre, but can it hurt anything?”
“So, if he thinks one of my men is an alien, I’m supposed to believe him?”
“No. You don’t have to believe him. Just give the agent a few days off until we can sort this all out.”
After the men quit arguing, Hamilton showed Peter into a small room. “We have three special agents here whom you can check out.”
Peter nodded. “Fine,” he said and took a seat. 
After a minute an agent stepped in and looked curiously at Peter then stepped back out. Finally he walked in and sat down. He didn’t look pleased.
“Okay. Let’s get this over with,” he said.
Peter smiled and looked into the agent’s eyes. “Agent Roberto Ramirez, born August 11, 1956 in San Antonio, Texas. Married Sandra L. Lorenzo on June 3, 1978 in St. Michael’s Catholic Church. You were twenty minutes late for your wedding and your wife hasn’t ever forgiven you.”
Agent Ramirez just looked at Peter in shock. “Did Hamilton give you my file?”
“No,” Peter replied. “He didn’t even tell me your name. . . . Have you ever heard of Tarizon?”
“Not until a few minutes ago.”
“Do you know anything about the kidnaping of the President?”
“Nothing more than what I learned in the briefing a few minutes ago.”
“Good. It was nice meeting you, Agent Ramirez. Looking forward to working with you. Send in the next man.”
Ramirez nodded and got up. “Me too,” he said meekly.
A woman with dark brown hair and green eyes walked in and flashed Peter a sardonic smile. 
Peter raised his eyebrows and leaned forward. “Sorry, Miss Walker, but you will have to cancel your date with Roger tonight. But you knew that deep down, didn’t you?”
Walker’s eyes narrowed. “Who told you about Roger?”
“You did. It’s the most important thing on your mind right now—even a notch above finding the President.”
Agent Walker frowned. “That’s not true.”
“When did you see Commander Kulchz last?” Peter asked.
“What? Who’s Commander Kulchz?”
“You know, they briefed you about him earlier.”
She nodded. “Right. The leader of the alien invasion.”
“You should really tell Roger you’ve been married before. It’s the right thing to do.”
Walker sighed. “How do you do that?”
“I don’t know the physics of it. I was taught by a master. It’s a matter of focus, directing your mind and believing you can connect with someone. It’s fairly common on Tarizon, but apparently not so much on Earth. I don’t know why. . . . You’re clear. Send in the last agent.”
The last agent was tall, thin, pale skinned, and had a crew cut. He avoided eye contact. Peter immediately had a bad feeling about him.
“So, to check you out I need to look into your eyes,” Peter said evenly.
The agent squirmed in his chair and took a deep breath but didn’t look up.
“Is there something you don’t want me to see?”
The agent stood up, drew his Glock 17, and pointed it at Peter. “Take a look at this, you—”
Before the man could either finish the sentence or pull the trigger, Peter ripped the gun out of his hand with his mind. It fell harmlessly to the ground. The other agents, who’d been watching from outside, came running in. They grabbed the man and wrestled him to the ground.
“Are you all right?” Hamilton asked.
“Yeah. I’m fine. He’s been giving intel to Kulchz. If you check his right shoulder I think you’ll find a tracking sensor embedded under the skin. It allows Kulchz to keep track of where his men are at all times. That’s why it’s so easy for them to infiltrate the government. They don’t have to do anything other than be there. The tracking device also allows them to hear any conversations within earshot of the person with the implanted device.”
“Jesus!” Hamilton snorted. “This Kulchz jackass has been listening to everything we’ve been saying?”
“Quite possibly.”
“How can we figure out if someone has an implant? X-ray? Metal detector?”
“I don’t know. You’ll have to experiment on the agent you just took into custody. What’s his name?”
“Robbins—Samuel Robbins.”
“You should interrogate him about the abductions. He might know something.”
“Can’t you look him the eyes and read his mind?”
“Not if he’s resisting. He’s been trained to keep his mind closed. Mind reading on Tarizon is pretty common, so everyone in the military is trained how to defend themselves against it. You’d have to convince him to cooperate or give him truth serum.”
“Truth serum?”
“Right. I think Mo might know where to get a particularly effective variety. He gave my father some one time. Get some of that and I’ll have a go at him.”
“I’ll get right on it.”
“And while you’re at it you need to get all your agents some super-dark sunglasses and make them wear them at all times. If the aliens use their memory guns on them it might not be as effective if the blue light is filtered.”
“I’ll order some custom glasses. In the meantime I’ll have everybody use what they have or pick some up at the drugstore.” 
“Good. In the meantime, we better get to the funeral before all our witnesses disappear.”
“Right. The chopper should be arriving any minute. I’ll check on it. Wait right here.”
While Peter was waiting he got out his GC and hailed Captain Shilling. Realizing how important instantaneous communications would be on Earth, Captain Shilling had set six communications satellites in orbit around Earth before ES 26 landed. Peter was glad she’d had the foresight to do that as he wanted to update her on the situation and ask her to send someone to find his mother and sister and make sure they were safe.
“Sure, I’ll send a squad to Dallas immediately,” Captain Shilling said.
Peter gave her the name of the motel where his dad had been living. “Jodie has the Mercury Grand Marquis. Have her take it to my mother. If she has to drive anywhere I want her to be as safe as possible.”
“I’ll take care of it.”
“Good.”
“Before you sign off, Commander, I’ve got some bad news you need to hear,” Captain Shilling said.
“What?” Peter said reluctantly.
“Invincible attacked ES 52. Red took the T-79 out and blasted it with the plasma cannon. Unfortunately, he got hit with debris from the blast and his fighter was disabled. A couple of enemy fighters took advantage of that and finished him off.”
Peter closed his eyes and rubbed his temples. Tears welled in his eyes. It was all he could do to keep his composure. 
“I was worried about that when they told me how close you had to get to use the plasma cannon,” he finally said. “Red was worried about it, too. He mentioned it to me.”
“I’m sorry. I know how close you two were.”
“How’s Lora taking it? From what I’ve heard, they were very much in love.”
“She’s wrapping herself in her work, trying not to dwell on it. She’s a tough woman.”
“But she must be devastated.”
“Uh-huh. . . . Oh, one more thing: watch out for National Guard Troops. There are two hundred or so Purist soldiers masquerading as soldiers from the Maryland National Guard. They’ve been specifically sent to kill you, your family, and anybody helping you.”
“Wonderful,” Peter moaned.
“ES 52 will be coming down to help in any way it can. They’ll land somewhere near Washington, DC. Captain Sparten will contact you by GC when they land. Threebeard said you could use the help and it was safer for ES 52 to be ‘dirtside,’ as he put it.”
“Good. We’ll take all the help we can get.”
They talked a little longer and then Peter hung up. A minute later, Hamilton came in to tell him the chopper was ready. Peter followed him outside and saw a helicopter waiting for them. They rushed over to it and climbed aboard. Walker and Ramirez were already on board.
“There’s been a change of plans,” Hamilton said. “We’re going to Andrews Air Force Base. Our team has been reassigned to protect Senator Rubio now that he’s likely to be sworn in as president.”
Peter winced. “How long until that happens?”
“Not long,” Hamilton said. “The country can’t be without a president.”
When they arrived at Andrews, they were driven to a building that stood above a deep underground bunker.
“Has the new security team arrived yet?” Hamilton asked the agent sitting inside the building’s security station. His name tag read Special Agent Martin Scott.
“Not yet,” Scott advised. “Senator Rubio just arrived. The Chief of Staff just called. You’re supposed to bring the Senator to the White House. They may have to swear him in right away.”
Peter looked at Hamilton. Hamilton sighed. “Can I talk to the Senator?” Peter asked.
“Who are you?” Scott asked.
“Ah. He’s a consultant working with the CIA and the FBI. It probably wouldn’t hurt to let him chat with the Senator a moment.”
“What’s your name?”
“Peter Turner.”
“So, why do you want to talk to him?”
“Ah. There’s some question as to whether he’s a natural born citizen. That’s got to be sorted out before he can be sworn in.”
Scott frowned. “So, you’re an immigration consultant.”
“Sort of,” Peter replied.
“You can clear it with the President’s chief of staff,” Hamilton said.
“He knows about this?”
Hamilton nodded. 
“Okay, no weapons and Hamilton, you go in with him. If anything happens, it’s your ass.”
“Right,” Hamilton said. “No problem.”
Peter turned and handed Hamilton his laser pistol so Scott couldn’t see it. Hamilton gave it a hard look and then shoved it in his coat pocket. Another agent frisked Peter before he was allowed into the room where Senator Rubio was waiting nervously. Agent Hamilton accompanied him.
“Senator Rubio. I’m Special Agent Jason Hamilton of the Secret Service.”
The Senator nodded and extended his hand. “Nice to meet you, although I wish it were on different circumstances.”
“Yes. Ah. This is Peter Turner. He’s a consultant for the FBI and the CIA. He needs to ask you a few questions in case you have to be sworn in as president.”
“What kind of questions?” the Senator asked.
“Just routine,” Hamilton assured him.
The Senator looked at Peter and smiled. Peter tried to penetrate his eyes, but there was a strong barrier preventing access. He knew immediately the Senator had strong telepathic abilities. That would help explain his rapid rise through the ranks in the Senate, he thought. Knowing what others were thinking would be a tremendous advantage.
“So, you don’t think I’m a natural born citizen of the United States?” the Senator chuckled. “I assure you I am. I can show you my birth certificate if you like.”
“You may be, but I’ve got to be sure,” Peter said. “Where were you born?”
“Sherman, Texas. Not too far from where President Eisenhower was born.”
“Dennison?”
“Right,” Senator Rubio replied. “So, isn’t that good enough? If you’re born in the USA that makes you a citizen no matter if your parents are citizens or not.”
“Where was your father born?”
“Ah. Hungary, I think. He’s been dead for twenty years.”
“Was he a citizen?”
“No. He was a political refugee and never got properly documented.”
“Whereabouts in Hungary did he live?”
“I’m not sure. He didn’t talk about the old country too much.”
“What about your mother?”
“She was born in Texas, too—Waco.”
“Is she still alive?”
“Uh-huh,” the Senator said. “I haven’t been home to see her, though, in a long time. We were never close.”
“Does she think you’re dead?” Peter asked.
The Senator hesitated. “I said we weren’t close, but I give her a call now and again. She knows I’m alive.”
“All right, then. I’ve got what I need,” Peter said and stood up.
Hamilton nodded. “Thank you, sir. It’s been a pleasure meeting you.”
Peter and Hamilton left the room and wandered over to a corner where they could talk. Hamilton gave Peter his laser back but inspected it carefully before doing so. “Interesting firearm.”
“Yes, very powerful, yet quiet.” 
Hamilton raised his eyebrows. “So, is he an alien?”
“I think so. I couldn’t actually get into his mind. It was well guarded, but only someone with significant telepathic abilities could block his mind the way he did.”
“So, we have nothing against him. Nothing to prove he’s not qualified to be president.”
“No. He technically is a naturally born U.S. citizen. His father was from Tarizon but his mother was a citizen. That’s how the program worked. I don’t know why they tell people they are from Hungary, but that seems to be the story many of them give to explain their heritage. I guess they figure it would be hard for someone to check them out because of the distance and language barrier.”
“So, where do we go from here?”
“Check out his mother. She may think he’s dead. If so, she might have figured out her husband was from another planet. You can also check to see if there is any record that his father was born on this planet. I doubt you’ll find anything.”
“Still. None of that does us any good.”
Peter sighed. “You’re right. But I think my father has the right idea. We’ve got to find the President. That’s the only way we’ll be able to thwart Kulchz’ plan.”
“Or by finding the VP or speaker. Why don’t we go see how that investigation is going?”
“Suits me,” Peter said.
Their helicopter took them back to a parking garage near the church where the funeral had taken place and the VP, speaker, and two agents had gone missing. Dozens of policemen and FBI and Secret Service agents were at the crime scene, scratching their heads. Hamilton asked one of them for an update.
“They were last seen going into the garage elevator,” the man said. “It’s believed the agents had their car parked on the second deck.”
“Any witnesses up on the second floor see anything?”
“We only found one and he can’t remember anything.”
“Let me talk to him,” Peter said.
“Okay, he’s in one of the Metro police squad cars. I’ll take you to him.”
Peter followed the agent to a squad car. A Hispanic male was seated in the back seat. Peter climbed in next to him.
“Hi. I’m Peter Turner. I’m working with the Secret Service to try to figure out what happened here.”
“I told them I don’t remember anything.”
“Right. You feel kind of sick and disoriented.”
“Yes, exactly.”
“Well, that’s because they flashed a light in your face that causes those symptoms. It makes your conscious mind forget but not your subconscious mind.”
“Really? I’ve never heard of that.”
“It’s a new technology. Top secret, so I’d appreciate it if you wouldn’t mention it to anybody—national security and all.”
“Sure, I understand.”
“But there is a way we can find out what you saw. We just need to get into your subconscious mind.”
“You mean by hypnosis?”
“Exactly, except we don’t have time for that. The kidnapers are getting away. If we don’t get a lead right now, it may be too late.”
“So, what can we do?”
“I need to probe your mind.”
“What? I don’t like the sound of that.”
“It’s painless. All you have to do is open your eyes and relax. I’ll look into your eyes and extract the information we need.”
“That’s impossible. Nobody can do that.”
“Oh, I can. I’ve had special training from the CIA. Trust me, I can do it.”
“It won’t hurt or cause me injury?” he asked hesitantly.
“No. Not at all. Just look at me and relax.”
The man took a deep breath and looked at Peter. Peter probed his mind and he immediately found what he wanted.
“Thanks,” Peter said and got out of the squad car.
“That’s it?” the man said.
“Yes, thank you. Remember, don’t mention any of this to anyone. Ultra top secret, okay?”
“Right,” the man said, looking rather bewildered.
Peter rushed over to where Hamilton was talking to a DC police officer. “Okay, they left in one of those Parr Heating & Air vans with a DC license plate number: 077 2TZ. He didn’t see what direction they went, but there were seven abductors wearing janitorial uniforms. The two agents, the VP, and the speaker were unconscious, so they had to be carried to the van.”
“I’ll put out an APB for the van,” Hamilton said, pulling out his cell phone and starting to dial.
Peter nodded and looked around the crime scene, trying to think where the kidnapers would take the hostages, and why they hadn’t just killed them.
“Okay, the Metro police have been alerted to be on the lookout for that van,” Hamilton said. “Maybe we’ll get lucky.”
“I hope so. We need a little luck right now,” Peter said. “Do you have any theory as to why they just didn’t kill the President and the others?”
“We don’t know they didn’t kill them.”
“There would be bodies if they killed them,” Peter reasoned.
“They could have dumped them and the bodies haven’t been found yet.”
“True.”
“They may be keeping them alive just to maximize confusion and chaos,” Hamilton suggested. “If they were all dead our course of action would be simpler.”
Peter nodded. Just then, the special agent they’d talked to earlier rushed up. “We just got word that IJA is claiming responsibility for the kidnapings.”
“IJA?” Peter said. “Who’s that?”
“A terrorist organization—International Justice Alliance,” Hamilton explained. “They believe the United States is responsible for everything that goes wrong in the world—particularly in the Middle East.”
“I bet Kulchz is behind this,” Peter said. “It’s pretty clever actually, to give people a more believable explanation for the kidnapings and thus distract them from the truth.”
“A lot of people will believe the IJA claim,” Hamilton said. “They’ve been linked to some pretty horrific things in the past, like letter bombs, train derailments, bribery, you name it.”
“Oh,” the agent added, “they found the escape van over by the mall. It’s been abandoned.”
Peter looked at Hamilton. “They probably transferred them to a copter. That would be a good place to do it. We need to get over there.”
“You go,” Hamilton said. “I’ve got to check on this IJA claim. I’ll catch up with you. Give me twenty minutes.”
Peter frowned. “How do I get there?”
“I’ll get you a ride. It’s only about a three blocks from here. Shouldn’t take you ten minutes. Hang on.”
Peter shook his head. “No. That’s all right. I’ll walk. I could use the time to think.”
“Okay,” Hamilton said and took out his cell phone.
Peter began walking briskly in the general direction of the Capitol Mall. It was a pleasant spring day and he couldn’t help but admire the cherry blossoms in bloom. As he emerged from a cross street he saw the mall in the distance and could see the lights from the officers who’d come to the crime scene. Suddenly, he heard footsteps behind him. He turned and saw three soldiers coming at him fast. He heard more footsteps to his left and saw two more soldiers with their rifles pointed at him like they were about to shoot.
Peter, bending low to the ground, ran as fast as he could for the cover of two vehicles parked on the curb. Bullets began sailing past him, hitting the pavement and a nearby building. A large plate glass window shattered, and broken glass came raining down on him. 
When he made it to one of the cars, he took out his laser and returned fire. One soldier fell, and then another. More bullets flew past him and he was forced to duck down again. His cell phone rang but he didn’t dare answer it, as any distraction would likely prove fatal. Then he heard the sound of rotor blades. He looked up and saw a copter bearing down on him and a sharpshooter taking aim.

Chapter 31
Defection
Kulchz’ face appeared on the big monitor over the bridge. Everyone looked up expectantly.
“Just wanted to report that the vice president and Speaker of the House have been taken prisoner and are on their way to ES 13,” Kulchz said. “Senator Rubio is on his way to the White House to be sworn in as president.”
There was clapping and screams of joy from everyone on the bridge. Rupra Bruda embraced Evohn Cystrom and then offered his congratulations to the admiral and Lt. Lethrow. Cystrom raised his hand and quieted everyone.
“That is excellent news, Commander. Have you been able to eliminate Peter Turner and his family?”
“Unfortunately no. They’re being protected by the CIA and the FBI right now, but once Senator Rubio is sworn in that protection will be withdrawn. Then we should be able to put an end to their meddling.”
“I hope so. We can’t let them interfere with the transition of power. If they get desperate they may go to the media and try to expose what we’ve done.”
“As your father advised us cycles ago, we have created a domestic political organization, the International Justice Alliance, to take credit for the assassinations. This organization has caused much trouble since its inception and received a lot of bad press. The American people will not have any trouble believing that the IJA is responsible for the assassination of the President and his successors.”
“That’s fine, Commander, but once the new president is sworn in you must make sure he has impenetrable security,” Cystrom warned. “The Loyalists will try to kill him, as that would be the only way to stop OCE,”
“Don’t worry,” Kulchz said. “We plan to keep him in the White House bunker, deep underground. I’ll surround him with our soldiers. I don’t trust the Secret Service. Because of the continued IJA threat we should be able to keep him down there for at least a month or two. By the time he returns to the surface we’ll be so entrenched it wouldn’t matter if he were assassinated. We could seize power and if anyone tried to object they’d be crushed like a scrub bug. And if the military doesn’t fall in line, well, we have the Fleet to handle any uprisings.”
“Yes, that is true, but my father told me it was important to make the people think the government was legitimate. In America, I understand that everyone has guns, and if they ever believed their government had been taken over by aliens, they’d revolt and we’d have another civil war. If we do it my father’s way and take control slowly, no one will oppose us.”

		
Specialist Prill wondered if he should interrupt the Vice Admiral who was talking to Commander Kulchz. Finally he decided he had no other choice. “Sir, we’re being hailed by New Age. They say it’s an emergency.”
“Commander. We’re getting an emergency communiqué from one of our other ships. We’ll have to call you back.”
“That’s okay, Vice Admiral. I was about finished. I’ll report back tomorrow.”
“Very well. Put New Age on the screen,” Cystrom ordered.
The somber face of the attack cruiser’s Captain appeared on the screen. “Yes, Captain. What’s wrong?” Cystrom asked.
“It’s Earth’s Destiny. She’s attacking us. We think she’s trying to get close enough to use her plasma cannon.”
Evohn Cystrom’s stomach twisted. He’d feared this would happen. “Just don’t let her get too close,” he advised. “Go FTL if you have to.”
“We can’t do that, Vice Admiral. There are fighters all around us. If we try to go FTL we’ll collide with them. What should we do?” 
Evohn Cystrom just stared at the cruiser Captain for a long moment, shaking his head. “Use your lasers, you idiot! Clear a path! And then go FTL.”
“Find a path through the fighters,” the captain screamed to his first officer. “Take us FTL! She’s getting too close—”
The screen went blank. Evohn looked at Lt. Lethrow. He shrugged. All eyes were on the blank image in front of them.
“Get him back!” Cystrom ordered. “Get that connection back.”
Specialist Prill nodded and tried to reconnect the link. Then he looked at his sensors. “Ah, sir . . . Ah . . . New Age has disappeared.”
“No! This can’t be happening!” Cystrom screamed. His heart was pounding so hard he could feel his chest expanding and contracting with each beat. He’d never been so angry in his life. He looked at the admiral and pointed.
“You made us leave Earth’s Destiny behind!” Cystrom shouted. “This is your fault!” 
The admiral stepped back in shock and fear over the outburst. Suddenly, Cystrom pulled his pistol out of its holster and aimed it at the admiral’s head. Before anyone could react he pulled the trigger. 
The admiral’s head exploded, splattering blood all across the bridge. There were screams of horror, but nobody moved, fearing they’d be Cystrom’s next target. They all just looked at him with his pistol still pointing at the spot the admiral’s head had occupied.
Lt. Muri was the first to act, rushing over and cradling the admiral in her arms. Blood began to soak through her uniform. “What have you done?” she screamed.
“He was responsible for this catastrophe!” Cystrom replied, still shouting. “He left Earth’s Destiny behind. I told him it was a stupid thing to do, but he didn’t listen. He deserved to die. He’s jeopardized OCE, and that is inexcusable. Now get that incompetent skutz off the bridge. And I’ll shoot anyone who utters his name from this day forward!”
Two enlisted men rushed over and took the admiral’s body away. Lt. Muri followed them. She was beside herself with grief and anger but feared if she stayed on the bridge Evohn Cystrom would kill her, too. She wondered if Cystrom had gone mad. His behavior lately had almost been maniacal in her judgement. 
She went back to her quarters and sat on her bunk for a long time. She wondered how the rest of the crew felt about what had happened. She knew Lt. Lethrow and Rupra Bruda would support Cystrom no matter what, but she wasn’t sure about Lt. Hanze. Even if he’d been as outraged as she was about the cold-blooded murder of the admiral, there was nothing either of them could do about it. Lt. Hanze would probably keep his mouth shut, even if he was upset. He’d be okay, but she was another story. With the admiral gone, her murder was now just a matter of time. What am I going to do? Oh, God. What am I going to do now?
A while later, when her grief had subsided, outrage welled in her again and her thinking became clearer. She had to escape. She had to get off the attack cruiser before she was murdered, for it was time for her to  end the charade and show her true colors. It was time to avenge the murders of Admiral Vin Lugart and Vice Admiral Brunns and find a way to destroy Evohn Cystrom and stop the Purists from conquering Earth!
She sat for a long time thinking of how she’d get off the ship. Then she decided. It wouldn’t be easy, but somehow she had to steal a fighter and take it to Earth. 
After she’d formulated a plan that she thought had a good chance of success, Lt. Muri gathered her essential gear and stuffed it into a bag. Then she started for the flight deck. Her plan was to sneak into a fighter and take off with one of the standard patrols going out. Then she’d slip away, hopefully undetected.
She got into the pilots’ dressing room early, put on a flight suit, and closed the helmet visor so nobody would recognize her. Then she stuck a note on the duty board addressed to the patrol pilot she’d selected, advising him he wouldn’t need to go out that day, as they had an extra pilot. She’d slept with that pilot before and knew he wasn’t a dedicated Purist. She was sure he wouldn’t complain about being removed from patrol duty for the day.
When pilots started coming in to suit up, Lt. Muri was ready to go. She walked out on the flight deck and went to the first fighter that was fueled and ready. She was a little nervous, as it had been awhile since she’d flown, but fortunately she’d been trained well, so everything she needed to know to fly the fighter came back to her quickly.
After she flew out of the ship, Muri waited for the others to join the formation and then flew with them on patrol in accordance with their flight plan. When they were far away from Videl’s Revenge, she broke out of formation and gave her T-69 full throttle, headed straight for Earth.
“Squad leader to VR23. Where are you going?”
“Thought I saw something,” Muri replied. “Going to check it out.”
“Wait. We should all go.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll be right back.”
“No! I gave you an order. Wait!”
“Oh, my God,” she said. “There are two Loyalist fighters on my tail. They’ve locked on. Oh, skutz!”
Lt. Muri shut off her communicator. She hoped they’d think she’d been shot down, but either way she was already out of their range and would soon be plunging into Earth’s atmosphere. As she approached the big blue planet, she marveled at its beauty and wondered what her destiny there would be. Could she find a way to thwart Evohn Cystrom’s plan to conquer the planet? She knew she couldn’t do it herself, but perhaps she could help the Loyalists do it. 
She’d never liked Videl Lai. He’d forced himself on her, and she’d gone along with it for the sake of self-preservation. You didn’t disappoint Videl Lai and live to tell about it. 
It was during that time that Threebeard had contacted her telepathically, and she’d agreed to become a Loyalist spy. It had been easy since all she had to do was pay attention to what Videl was up to and then pass it on telepathically to Threebeard. When Videl died she’d been gobbled up by the admiral. She hated being his bedroom toy and had to exercise a good deal of self-control to keep from vomiting every time they made love. On the other hand, she liked the Vice Admiral, as he’d been like a father to her and never tried to exploit her sexually. His betrayal and forced suicide angered her more than the admiral’s murder, but neither death had been justified. She was determined to make Evohn Cystrom pay for all his atrocities.
The cockpit got very hot as her ship slipped into Earth’s atmosphere. She hoped the heat shields would do their job. Beads of sweat dripped down her forehead as she plunged deeper into the atmosphere. Finally, she felt the buoyancy of the air around her and shifted into atmospheric flight mode. 
As she streaked across the sky, Muri set a course for Washington, DC, determined to find Leek Lanzia and the Loyalists. When she got within radio range she set her communicator on what she knew to be a common Loyalist channel.
“This is VR23 to anyone listening,” Muri said. “I’ve escaped Videl’s Revenge and desire to defect. I am not hostile. I am a defector. . . . This is VR23. I’ve escaped from Videl’s Revenge. I’m a defector. I mean you no harm. Please acknowledge.”
“We hear you, VR23,” a voice responded. “Release your onboard computer and we’ll program in a flight plan. When you land you will get out of your fighter. Take off your flight suit and put all weapons on the ground. Do you understand?”
“Acknowledged. Releasing onboard computer.”
She released the controls and sat back while the fighter landed itself. When it came to a stop she got out, took off her flight suit, laid her personal weapons on the ground beside her, and waited. A few tiks later she saw a female officer and a seafolken, armed with a laser, approach her.
“Identify yourself,” the seafolken demanded.
“Lt. Aerial Muri.”
Captain Shilling smiled and looked curiously at Lt. Muri. “Well, well. Videl Lai’s lover. Whatever did they do to you to make you defect?”
“Huh!” Lt. Muri snorted. “You wouldn’t believe it.”
Captain Shilling shrugged. “Maybe not, but I can’t wait to hear every word of it.”


The bridge on Videl’s Revenge was quiet as everyone contemplated the loss of New Age and the brutal murder of Admiral Vin Lugart. Evohn had left to confer with Rupra Bruda in private. 
Lt. Hanze was particularly upset, because he’d liked the admiral and wasn’t particularly fond of Vice Admiral Cystrom. But he didn’t dare say anything to anyone as he knew Lt. Lethrow was Cystrom’s friend. He also figured that Lt. Muri would latch on to him like an amorous leech if he showed any outrage over Evohn Cystrom’s actions. So, he kept his thoughts to himself but secretly had great concern and misgivings about Evohn Cystrom and Rupra Bruda. 
Specialist Prill turned to Lt. Hanze. “One of our fighters on patrol is missing.”
“What?” Lt. Hanze said. “What do you mean?”
“I overheard the pilot saying she was checking on something she’d observed and would be right back. Then she reported she was under attack.”
“So, what happened to her?”
“I don’t know. The sensors are not picking her up,” Prill advised.
“We’d better let the admiral know.” 
“I’ll call him.”
A few loons later Evohn Cystrom showed up with Lt. Lethrow at his heels. “What’s this about a missing fighter?”
“Eleven fighters went out on patrol and only ten came back, sir,” Specialist Prill advised. “The squadron commander reports that one of his pilots disobeyed his orders and left the formation to check on something she’d seen. Apparently she was shot down by hostile fire.”
“She?”
“Yes. The voice was female but that particular fighter was supposed to be piloted by a male pilot, 2nd Lt. Rallo Santee.”
“Has anyone checked his quarters?”
“No. I’ll have that done right away,” Prill said.
Lt. Lethrow frowned. “You might have someone check on Lt. Muri. She was pretty distraught. Maybe she decided to take Santee’s place.”
Evohn Cystrom gave Lt. Lethrow a disturbed glance. “You think she’d do that?”
“I don’t know, but she’s the only one I can think of who’d have reason to take a fighter and run.”
“If it is her, where do you think she’d go?”
“Probably just land on Earth somewhere and try to blend in with the regular population. She’s smart and attractive. It wouldn’t be hard for her.”
“That ditz!” Evohn exclaimed. “I should have shot her, too.”
The next day, after they’d thoroughly searched the ship and interviewed everyone who’d gone out on the patrol the previous day, Lt. Lethrow concluded that Lt. Muri was AWOL. He reported this to Admiral Cystrom, but he was too preoccupied with the survival of the last two attack cruisers to worry about it. Without  Relentless and Videl’s Revenge OCE would fail and he couldn’t let that happen. 

Chapter 32
Assassinations
Reggie and Mark were glad to see Stan and Dr. Gerhardt. They’d been angry when Mo made them stay at the hotel while the rest went to the White House. But when they found out they were joining the others on a search for the Purists’ shuttle they were ecstatic. 
They all piled into the 4-wheel-drive Jeep Cherokee provided by the FBI, which would allow them to go off-road if necessary. There were backpacks and assorted gear stuffed behind the rear seat. The Cherokee was equipped with a radio, and they’d also given Stan and Dr. Gerhardt cell phones. 
On the way, Stan turned on the radio to see if the President’s disappearance had made the news yet. It had, and a report was in progress:
“The terrorist organization International Justice Alliance is claiming responsibility for the abductions of the President, vice president, and Speaker of the House,” the commentator said. “So, the question now is: Who’s running the government? According to the Twenty-fourth Amendment to the Constitution, the next in line is Senator Rubio, President Pro Tempore of the Senate. We have confirmed that Senator Rubio is under Secret Service protection at this time and is being transported to the White House, in case the vice president or Speaker are not found quickly. The President’s Chief of Staff, Roger Winslow, has promised a press conference within the hour to clarify the situation, which is good news because right now all we’ve seen in the West Wing is general chaos.”
Stan frowned. “The International Justice Alliance? Why would they claim responsibility?”
“Never heard of them,” Dr. Gerhardt said.
“I have,” Reggie replied. “I had to do a paper on them for my political science class. They’re a real nasty bunch.”
“Bet they are a front for the aliens,” Mark said.
Stan looked at Mark. “You may be right. They’ve been planning this coup for twenty years. It would make sense to create what would appear to be a domestic terrorist organization to take the heat and divert the government’s attention away from the real threat.
“Unfortunately,” Stan added, “there isn’t enough time to expose them and thwart their plans. The only way to stop them is to find the President and rescue him, if he isn’t already dead.”
“What if he’s dead?” Reggie asked.
“Then the vice president and the speaker will probably be dead as well, so you’ll have to take a course in Tari, I guess,” Stan said.
Nobody laughed. 
“Well, maybe we can find the President before they kill him,” Dr. Gerhardt said, trying to seem optimistic.
“Either way, we need to find the shuttle if nothing else,” Stan said, “so the Loyalists can destroy it.”
They listened to the radio all the way to Brandywine, Maryland, hoping for some good news, but there was nothing new, just speculation as to who would be the next president. They stopped at a gas station in Brandywine and got directions to the Cedarville State Forest. When they arrived at the park headquarters thirty minutes later, they got a brochure, which contained a map, and discovered there were several trails into the forest—orange, brown, green, and blue.
“It’s got to be on the brown trail,” Mark said after studying the map. “It’s a damp, marshy, flat area—perfect for a shuttle landing.”
“Okay, let’s try that one first,” Stan said.
They followed the map to the parking lot of the brown trail. It was spring and the trees were beginning to green. Being a weekday, there were only a few cars in the parking lot. They got out and went to the back of the Jeep to sort through the gear the FBI had provided them. They found food, water, sleeping bags, and four shotguns.
“A shotgun? Lotta good that’ll do against a laser,” Mark complained.
“It’s just for show. If the aliens spot us they’ll think we’re hunters,” Stan said.
“What would we be hunting this time of year?” Reggie asked.
Mark held up the park brochure. “According to the hunting calendar, it would be turkeys.”
“Okay,” Stan said, “down to business. The shuttle will be buried, so look for loose dirt or unnaturally clear areas.”
“Or seven-foot green monsters,” Mark added.
“If you’re talking about the seafolken, they are human and their flesh isn’t always green,” Stan said.
“We should check the swamp anyway,” Mark replied. “They may be feeding.”
Stan nodded. “Maybe, I don’t know.”
They walked the trail until it came to a fork. According to the map, the two trails went along the opposite sides of a pond and rejoined about two miles down the trail. Stan suggested they split up, so Reggie and Dr. Gerhardt went left and Stan and Mark went right. 
It would have been a very pleasant hike had they been hunting turkeys rather than aliens, Stan thought. As they walked along the shore of the pond, Mark kept his eyes out for movement in the water, and Stan searched for freshly cleared ground. Suddenly there was a splash in the water. Mark put a pair of binoculars that he’d found in one of the backpacks to his eyes. The water was moving, but the area around it was clear. Then a head popped up with a fish in its mouth.
“Dad!” Mark whispered urgently.
Stan turned and looked at Mark. “What is it?”
Mark handed him the binoculars and pointed in the direction he’d seen the head pop up.
Stan focused on the area but saw nothing.
“It was a man’s head. I’m sure.”
Stan continued to stare through the binoculars in the general area where Mark had pointed but still saw nothing. Finally, he shrugged and handed the glasses back to Mark, who sighed with frustration and then looked back at the spot himself. The face had disappeared.
“I know what I saw,” he insisted.
“Maybe it was a frog?” Stan suggested.
“Bull,” Mark replied, shaking his head.
They continued on, and after a few minutes the head reappeared. This time, Mark didn’t wait; he thrust the binoculars into Stan’s hand. Stan looked again out at the area, and this time he saw the man take a bite of a big fish and start chewing.
“Okay,” Stan whispered. “Let’s keep an eye on him. Eventually he’ll lead us to the ship.”
Mark nodded.
Stan took out his cell phone and called Reggie. “Hey, we spotted a seafolken. We’re going to keep an eye on him. Come around the pond from the opposite direction and look for signs of more seafolken or the ship. Keep out of sight, though. Once we find the ship we’ll call it in to Peter and Hamilton.”
“Roger that,” Reggie said.
Stan and Mark had watched the seafolken feed for ten minutes when they saw another seafolken join him. They heard them talking.
Fifteen minutes later, the two seafolken got out of the water and started hiking through the high grass to the northwest. When they were a safe distance ahead Stan and Mark started following them. When they spotted Dr. Gerhardt and Reggie they motioned for them to come along. After twenty minutes of hiking, the seafolken suddenly disappeared from view. 
“Okay, the ship must be just ahead,” Stan said. “Go very slowly and don’t make any noise.”
They walked very carefully through the brush until they came to a huge circular patch of loose dirt. They looked ahead and saw it extended for nearly fifty yards. In the middle of the clearing was a seafolken talking to a much shorter man.
“This is it,” Stan whispered. “Stay down and keep quiet.”
They all sat, hidden behind the tall grass that lined the huge dirt patch. Stan took out his cell phone and called Peter. There was no answer so he called Hamilton.
“Yes,” Hamilton said.
“This is Stan. We’ve found the ship. It’s buried about two miles northwest of the brown trail in the Cedarville State Forest.”
“Really? Are you sure?”
“We’ve got binoculars on two aliens as we speak. They’re standing on the ground above the buried ship.”
“Okay. I’ll get a SWAT team over there right away.”
“Ah. You may want to call the Air Force.”
“Right. But for that I’d have to get authorization from the President.”
“The President? The president’s here.”
“The acting President. They just swore in Senator Rubio.”
A chill darted through Stan, giving him gooseflesh. “Oh, my God! He’s one of them.”
“Ah. I’d be careful what you say. You can’t prove anything.”
“Right.” Stan changed the subject. “Have you heard from Peter? I know he’d want to know that we found the ship.”
“No, not for a while. He went to look at one of the Parr Heating & Air vans that the aliens abandoned.”
“Well, I just tried to call him and there was no answer. You better check on him.”
“Right. I’ll call over there and make sure he’s okay and tell him you’ve found the shuttle.”
“So, what’s Rubio doing?”
“He dismissed the alien threat as being ridiculous and is focusing on the IJA.”
“Well, we knew that would happen. So, are you actually sending a SWAT team over here, or are we on our own?”
“No. I’m coming personally,” Hamilton said. “And I won’t be alone.”
“Don’t tell the president. If he knows what you’re doing he’ll stop you.”
“Yeah. That’s kind of what I figured.”
“So, you believe the aliens are behind this?” Stan asked.
“Yes, hanging around your son has made me a believer.”
“Good. Hurry, then. They could discover us at any moment and, if they do, they’ll probably kill us and make a quick departure.”
“Right. We’re on our way.”
Stan hung up and smiled at Mark. “The cavalry’s coming,” he said.
“Good.”
They continued to watch from their hiding place in the grass for what seemed like forever, but the FBI didn’t come. Stain strained his neck, hoping to hear the rotors of helicopters, but he heard nothing except the wind blowing through the trees. Finally, his attention was pulled back to the ship, where there was suddenly a lot of commotion.
The seafolken and the soldier were talking excitedly, and then there was a humming sound from a motor of some sort. One of the seafolken bent down and opened a hatch. Soldiers began pouring out of the shuttle, and five men bound with tape around their arms and torsos stumbled out. Stan gasped when he saw one of the men was the President of the United States. 
The prisoners were marched out onto the ground and left standing in a tight group. The soldiers backed off. Suddenly Stan realized what was happening but it was too late. He saw five quick flashes of light and the five men lit up and started jumping and twisting like they’d been hit by lightning. The Purist firing squad had just executed all five prisoners.
“No!” Dr. Gerhardt screamed and started running at the soldiers, firing his Glock wildly at them. One of the soldiers went down. A seafolken picked out one of the bullets from Dr. Gerhardt’s gun than had embedded itself in his skin and angrily threw it to the ground.
Stan, knowing they were all about to die, pulled Mark up and started running. “Reggie!” he shouted. “Come on! Let’s get out of here.”
Reggie didn’t hesitate but ran away as fast as he could. As they were distancing themselves from the shuttle, Stan glanced back and saw Dr. Gerhardt’s body twisting and shaking from a half dozen laser blasts. He tried to run even faster, expecting at any moment to feel the jolt of the deadly lasers. But just then he heard the sound of choppers in the distance. The aliens must have heard them, too, as they all rushed back to the opened hatch and quickly disappeared inside. A moment later, the ship began to twist and then slowly rise out of the ground, spewing tons of dirt and debris in every direction.
Stan looked up to see five FBI helicopters roar by overhead. He stood up and began waving his arms. One of the pilots saw Stan and started to land, but then he noticed the huge ship lifting out of the ground and quickly aborted the landing to avoid crashing into it. Another copter flying overhead had to veer sharply to the right to miss the shuttle as it gained altitude. The shuttle hovered for a moment, and then its big blue beacon started to flash.
“Take cover! Don’t look at the light!” Stan screamed.
Stan, Mark, and Reggie hit the ground, covering their eyes so no light could get in. After a couple of minutes Stan took a peek and saw that the shuttle was gone. By that time all the helicopters had landed and FBI agents were streaming out. They were all wearing sunglasses.
Hamilton ran over to them.
“Are you all right?” he asked.
Stan nodded. “Yes. I think so. They killed Dr. Gerhardt, and . . . well, I’m afraid they’ve killed the President.”
Hamilton’s face dropped. “How do you know?” he asked.
“We saw them do it. Over there,” Stan said, pointing and starting to walk toward the big crater left by the ship. “I’d search the perimeter of the crater. They were on top of the ship when they were executed. The bodies probably fell off when it took off.”
Hamilton shook his head in disbelief and told his men to search the perimeter. After a half hour of searching they found a body. It was the Speaker of the House. A few minutes later they found the President’s body and then the vice president’s.
They all went over to where the President’s body was laid out and looked on in horror. He was barely recognizable.
“I guess once Senator Rubio was sworn in there was no need to keep them alive,” Stan said.
“I guess not,” Hamilton agreed.
“Dr. Gerhardt was so outraged when it happened he went berserk and just charged in there, firing like crazy,” Stan explained. “I thought about following him in with the shotguns but it would have been suicide.”
Hamilton nodded. “No, you were right to stay put. You did the only thing that made sense. Are your kids okay?”
“Yes. Thanks to you. If you hadn’t come when you did we’d all be dead.”
“Right, but now I have a big problem.”
Stan nodded. “I know. What do you do about your alien President?”
As they were talking there was a sonic boom, and suddenly three fighter jets appeared overhead and were on top of them in an instant. Missiles shot out from the fighters and two of the FBI helicopters exploded. Stan and Hamilton hit the dirt. The agents working the crime scene scrambled for cover. Mark and Reggie ran away from the melee.
Another fighter flew in low and strafed the area, hitting several agents. Then soldiers began dropping to the ground from helicopters that had flown in behind the fighters and advanced toward them. Stan saw Mark and Reggie trying to escape and ran after them. Hamilton looked back at the advancing line of soldiers and then followed Stan. 
“It’s the Maryland National Guard,” Hamilton said, panting hard by the time he’d caught up with Stan. “Peter warned me about them.”
“I don’t know if we’re going to be able to escape,” Stan admitted. “They’ve probably dropped troops all around this area.”
Suddenly, an FBI helicopter flew low overhead and landed in front of them. The pilot motioned frantically for them to get aboard. Stan, Reggie, Mark, and Hamilton rushed over and climbed in. The chopper took off, flying low behind a canopy of trees and then broke out over the swamp. Stan looked back nervously to see if anyone was following them and breathed a sigh of relief when he saw clear skies.
“Where did you come from?” Hamilton asked the pilot.
“I hid the copter when I saw the spaceship taking off. I thought it might try to shoot me down. Luckily, the fighters didn’t see me when they came in. When I saw you running I waited until you were out of view of the troops before I took off and came after you. I don’t think they saw me pick you up.”
“That was quick thinking,” Hamilton said.
“So, where do you want to go?” the pilot asked.
Just then, two fighters dropped from the sky and took up chase. “Oh, crap!” Stan said. “We’ve got two more on our tail.”
Hamilton looked backed and grimaced. “Oh, jeez. It’s all over now.”
Stan looked at Mark and Reggie, his heart aching with regret. Why had he let his sons get involved? Tears welled in his eyes. Then Stan spotted a third fighter, a much bigger and more menacing one. It was unlike any aircraft he’d ever seen. It launched one missile and then another. The two National Guard fighters exploded and dropped out of sight. Relief flooded through every vein of Stan’s body. The strange fighter pulled alongside the fleeing helicopter, and its pilot motioned for the chopper pilot to follow him. Stan tried to read the markings on the fighter, but they too were like nothing he’d ever seen.
The fighter flew on ahead, and they followed it north for twenty minutes until it dropped into a valley and made an abrupt landing near a barn. The helicopter set down beside the fighter. 
Glad to be on the ground, they all disembarked as quickly as possible. The pilot of the fighter took off his helmet as they approached him, and Mark and Reggie gasped. The man was green.
“Hello, my name is Lt. Lakee,” he said. “I assume you are some of Leek’s . . . er . . .  Peter’s friends.”
“Yes,” Stan said. “I’m his father, Stan Turner, and these two are my sons, Mark and Reggie.”
Hamilton smiled and extended his hand. “I’m Special Agent Jason Hamilton. Thank you for saving our lives.”
“Well, I’m just glad I got there in time. We’d just landed when our sensors detected a battle in progress to our south. Our Captain suggested I go check it out. When I saw a military fighter attack your FBI, I knew something was wrong.”
“Yes, Senator Rubio was just sworn in as President, so I’m sure he sent them to finish us off,” Hamilton said.
“We shouldn’t be standing out here,” Lt. Lakee said. “You should go inside. The Captain wants to see you. I’ll be right in just as soon as I camouflage my fighter.”
“Go inside the barn?” Hamilton asked.
Lt. Lakee smiled. “Yes, I relocated the barn to hide the hatch to the ship. Just go inside and you’ll see it. There’s a ladder that will take you down into the ship’s interior.”
Mark and Reggie immediately tore off toward the barn. Stan and Hamilton laughed. Lt. Lakee motioned for them to follow the boys’ example. They nodded and started toward the barn. Reggie reached the ladder first and peered down into the ship. Mark arrived next and climbed down without hesitation, his heart pounding in his chest. When he reached the bottom he was at the intersection of two long white corridors. He looked both ways and then heard voices to his left. Slowly, he walked in the direction of the voices. A woman suddenly appeared in front of him. He froze and stifled a scream.
“Hi there. You must be one of the Turner boys,” Captain Shilling said, reaching out and lifting Mark’s chin and giving him an intense look. “I can see it  in your eyes and that chin.”
Mark relaxed and smiled. “I’m Mark Turner.”
Reggie finally made it to the ground level and looked over at them. 
“That’s my brother, Reggie,” Mark added. “He’s a chicken.”
Reggie rolled his eyes. “I’m not a chicken. I’m just not reckless like you.”
“Well, I’m Captain Shilling and I am very pleased to meet both of you.”
“I’m glad you speak English,” Mark said. “I was afraid you’d be garbling something at me I wouldn’t understand.”
“Well, I’ve spent a lot of time on Earth, so I leaned the language long ago.”
Stan came down the ladder, followed by Hamilton.
“I never dreamed I’d actually be inside one of these ships,” Stan said.
“Ah, and you must be Stan Turner,” Captain Shilling surmised.
Stan nodded. “Peter and I saw one of these ships several years ago at Possum Kingdom Lake.”
“Yes, I know. And you helped Tehra blow one up when the civil war broke out.”
Stan smiled. “I didn’t do anything really—just encouraged them.”
“Well, you hid them from Commander Kulchz, and they all got back to Tarizon safely because of you. Our Chancellor asked me to personally thank you for your valiant service to our cause.”
“It was the least I could do. How is Tehra, by the way?”
“She’s fine and her baby is beautiful. His name is Sophilo.”
Stan blushed. Mark and Reggie looked at him curiously.
A woman holding a baby walked up and smiled at them.
“Oh,” Captain Shilling said, “I want you to meet Peter’s mate, Lucinda, and their new baby, Tokin.”
“Oh, I was hoping I’d get to meet you, Lucinda,” Stan said, smiling broadly. “I’m so glad you made the trip to Earth. We’d have been forever curious as to who Peter married.”
“Well, I hope you’re not disappointed,” Lucinda said, smiling.
“Oh, no. I think he made a fine choice. You’ve got to come to Dallas when all this mess is over and see Rebekah. She’s dying to meet you.”
“Ah, I hate to interrupt you, but time is critical right now,” Captain Shilling said. “You can spend time with Lucinda and the baby later on. Right now, you must tell me all that has happened.”
“Yes, come back to my quarters when you’re done,” Lucinda said as she turned and walked back down the corridor.
The captain took them into the officers’ conference room to talk. After a few minutes Lt. Lakee joined them. Stan brought them up-to-date on what had transpired and voiced his concern for Peter’s safety.
“Since Rubio has been sworn in I’m worried about Peter,” he said. “He may be in danger.”
“Yes, I know Kulchz has orders to kill him at all costs,” Captain Shilling replied.
“What can we do?”
“We’ve got to find him and bring him back here.”
“I could take the FBI chopper back to DC and look for him,” Hamilton suggested.
“Don’t you think Rubio will have revoked your authority with the FBI?” Stan asked.
Hamilton shrugged. “I don’t see how. What would be his excuse? It would take a lot of bureaucratic red tape to strip me of my authority.”
“Then perhaps that’s what you should do,” Stan suggested. “Go back to DC; find Peter and bring him back here where he’ll be safe. Then we can figure out what to do about President Rubio.”
Hamilton nodded. “All right. I should go right away.”
“Yes,” the captain said. 
“I’ll come with you,” Stan said. 
Hamilton shook his head. “No, you’re on the hit list, too.”
Stan sighed.
“That’s all right,” Captain Shilling said. “You and I can work on a plan to get rid of President Rubio. That’s the only way we’re going to be able to thwart the Purists’ plans. Since you know a lot more about the current political situation on Earth than I do, I’ll need your help.”
Stan nodded. “Sure, Mark and Reggie are pretty knowledgeable about it, too. We can all help.”
“Good,” Captain Shilling said. 
They all got up and escorted Hamilton outside to the helicopter. His pilot was waiting for him. Captain Shilling put her hand in her pocket and pulled out a strange-looking gun. Hamilton’s mouth dropped.
“This is the type of device the Purists used to abduct the President and the others,” Captain Shilling explained. “It may come in handy if you find yourself outnumbered. Simply point it forward, close your eyes tightly, and pull the trigger. Don’t open your eyes for ten seconds. Anyone looking at it will be stunned for five minutes or more and won’t remember the five minutes before you blinded them with the blue light.”
Hamilton took the gun and held it gingerly. “Thank you. Hopefully I won’t need it, but it might come in handy.”
They watched as the FBI helicopter take off toward DC. Stan prayed Hamilton would find Peter quickly and bring him back safely. He knew that was wishful thinking, but if Peter could lead a civil war and defeat a vastly superior army, he reasoned, he obviously could take care of himself in DC. Besides, he couldn’t let himself be distracted right then. After all, he had to help concoct a plan to assassinate the President of the United States. 

Chapter 33
The Trap
 When Tam was advised that New Age and Relentless had arrived, he rushed to the bridge. Colonel Belmoht was at the helm with Rossi Sincini and Lt. Lamh. Specialist Grugger was advising them of the position of the two cruisers. 
“They’re together in stationary orbit around Earth,” he said.
“We have to split them up somehow,” Tam said.
“I doubt that will be a problem,” Lt. Lamh said. “The moment they detect us coming at them they’ll run, and probably in different directions.”
Tam looked at Lt. Lamh thoughtfully. “You may be right. So, assuming you are, they’ll go FTL until they’re far enough away to feel safe and then stop and scan for our presence.”
“That’s what I’d do,” Lt. Lamh said.
“So, how do we anticipate where they will go?” Tam asked.
Rossi raised his eyebrows. “If you chased them long enough, I could probably figure out their decision pattern and predict their next jump.”
“Really?” Tam said. 
“Yes, people are very predictable, so once you observe enough of their behavior you can easily determine what they’ll do in the future. It’s just a matter of having enough data.”
“Okay. So, how many jumps will you need before you can accurately predict them?”
“At least three but it might take more,” Rossi replied. “The first jump will be pretty far just to be safe. Then they will probably head back toward Earth. They don’t want to get too far away in case they are needed.”
“So, this could take a while,” Tam observed.
“I’m afraid so,” Rossi said.
“Does anyone else have a better idea?” Tam asked. He looked around at a bunch of blank faces. “Okay, then. Take us to the Fleet and we’ll chase a couple of battle cruisers. Rossi needs his data.”
Earth’s Destiny started off with a navigation setting calculated to put them on top of New Age and Relentless. It was a short flight since they hadn’t been far away. When they stopped they were only five kylods from the two attack cruisers. For a moment the two cruisers just sat there motionless. Then they went FTL and disappeared.
Tam shrugged. “Okay, the game begins. Where do we start looking for them?”
Rossi looked at Tam thoughtfully. “Well, I’d jump to about halfway to the moon. Probably straight at it.”
“Okay, sounds good.”
Tam nodded to his navigator and the ship took off. A little while later it came to a stop. Everyone looked over at Specialist Grugger expectantly.
“No sign of them, sir.”
Tam looked at Rossi. “I’d cruise toward the moon,” Rossi said. “There’s a lot of empty space out here.”
Earth’s Destiny headed for the moon, and several kyloons later, when they hadn’t detected the Fleet, Sincini suggested they fly a grid pattern over the area in which he was sure they must be. Finally, nearly six kyloons later, their patience paid off.
“Sir,” Grugger said. “I’m picking up one of the attack cruisers on our long distance scanner.”
Tam smiled and looked over at Sincini. “Okay, one down and three to go.”
Again Earth’s Destiny jumped to a position near the attack cruiser and stood menacingly before it for a long loon until it repeated its disappearing act.
“Okay, which cruiser was that?” Tam asked.
“The scanner imprint shows it to be New Age, sir,” Grugger replied.
“New Age, huh? Any sign of Relentless?”
“No, sir. They probably split up to make it harder for us.”
“All right, Rossi. Where to now?”
“I’d head back toward Earth. The question is: toward what position?”
Tam looked at Sincini and waited while the engineer thought.
“They probably have an orbital position they need to be in to coordinate with their people on Earth, so I’d go back in that direction,” Sincini said. He wrote down the coordinates and gave them to the navigator. The ship jumped once again. This time, when they dropped below FTL, the New Age could be seen on the long distance scanner.
“You are good, Rossi,” Tam said, smiling.
“Like I said. People are predictable, particularly when you know what restraints they are operating under.”
For the rest of the day Earth’s Destiny followed New Age and confronted them seven times, as Tam wanted to be sure Sincini had enough data for his algorithm. When he seemed to be confident he could predict their next move, Tam asked him what that move would be. Sincini told him.
“Okay. Take us there,” he said, indicating a point on the navigational display. Tam gave the coordinates to his navigator.
The ship took off and a few loons later stopped close by the location Sincini had predicted New Age would end up after its next jump. 
“All right, Lt. Lamh,” Tam said. “We’re going to drop your squadron here. When New Age shows up I want you to attack them from all sides and all angles. I want a tight web around them.”
“Yes, sir,” Lt. Lamh said and ran off to the launching platform. Soon, fifty-nine fighters were dispatched into space to wait for their prey. Once they were off the ship, Earth’s Destiny set off to confront New Age one more time. When they appeared a few kyloons away, New Age seemed to linger, and Tam began to wonder if they had tired of running. Then the cruiser disappeared. Tam’s heart began to beat hard in his chest. His stomach twisted.
“All right. Power up the laser cannon. Let’s kiss New Age goodbye!”
The ship’s FTL drive roared into action, and within a few loons Earth’s Destiny was on a collision course with New Age, just as Rossi Sincini had predicted. When they were a kyloon away they saw Loyalist fighters swarming around the attack cruiser, pelting it with lasers and missiles. Purist fighters were pouring out to meet the unexpected assault. The sky around New Age was ablaze with laser fire and exploding fighters. Missiles were hitting its hull and bouncing the cruiser around like a seagoing ship in a hurricane. 
“Range two thousand,” Grugger advised. 
Tam held his breath, expecting New Age to go FTL. He wondered how he’d react in the same situation. Would he risk the laser cannon or go FTL and hope he could bully his way out of the swarm in one piece? Suddenly, he knew the answer as New Age plunged through the swarm of fighters engulfing her. There were explosions as the big cruiser collided with fighter after fighter, then its forward progress slowed as it was rocked by concussion after concussion. 
“Go after her!” Tam exclaimed. “Get us up close now before she picks up speed!”
Earth’s Destiny accelerated until she was right on top of the swarm. “Fire!” Tam ordered. “Fire now!”
Two orange jets of plasma shot out of Earth’s Destiny, engulfing New Age and all the fighters in between. 
“Get us out of here, now!” Tam exclaimed as the plasma encircled the attack cruiser and breached her hull. All the fighters encircling the ship began desperately fleeing the area. There was a flash of eerie orange light and then a blinding explosion. Earth’s Destiny was caught by the concussion and driven mercilessly away. The crew inside was knocked and jolted around relentlessly and pelted by debris tearing away from the Purist cruiser’s remains. There were screams of horror and cries of painful anguish. Finally, many loons later, the storm ended and Earth’s Destiny drifted. She was on a collision course with the moon.


Chapter 34
Assassination Plot
Peter rolled underneath the car just before a bullet hit the pavement where he’d been kneeling. More bullets riddled the car, and it shook from each impact. Peter knew that at any moment one of those bullets might hit the gas tank, and then it would be all over. He peered out and saw a bus coming down the street. He didn’t think the aliens would shoot at a bus loaded with people. It would attract too much attention.
He rolled out from under the car and ran for the bus as it pulled up. He jumped inside, but just as he did the copter opened fire on the bus. There were screams as windows burst out and bullets penetrated the roof, hitting passengers inside. Peter realized he’d made a mistake, one that innocent civilians were now paying for, so he ran back off the bus and across another parking lot to draw the attackers’ attention. The copter pursued him, leaving the smoking bus and the carnage within it behind.
Peter ran along the concrete wall of a parking garage, using it as partial cover from the helicopter. As he was about to break out onto another street he saw a second copter coming at him. This one, however, looked familiar—it was Hamilton’s FBI copter. Peter waved his arms frantically. The pilot saw him and started to descend just as the alien copter peeked up over the parking garage. Peter turned toward the alien copter. The two craft faced each other for a few seconds, and then there was a flash of light and the alien copter began to spin out of control. It drifted aimlessly toward a string of power lines and then fell through them, sending a flurry of sparks in every direction. When the big copter hit the ground it exploded into a fiery inferno.
The FBI chopper set down near Peter, and Hamilton reached out and helped him aboard. They watched the alien copter burn for a moment and then took off.
“Thanks,” Peter said, breathing hard. “I thought it was all over there for a moment. What was that flash of light?”
Hamilton held up the memory gun.
Recognition hit Peter when he saw the device. “Oh, yes. It was a good thing I was looking the other way when you fired that baby. Where did you get it?”
“Your Captain Shilling gave it to me.”
“You’ve met Captain Shilling?”
“Yes, your father and brothers found the alien shuttle where the hostages were being kept. The aliens killed the hostages, and when we arrived they left in a hurry. A few minutes later we were attacked by the Maryland National Guard unit. Had it not been for ES 26’s intervention we’d all be dead.”
“Thank God for that,” Peter said. “I’m glad they made it here. We really need their help. So, what made you come looking for me?”
“Senator Rubio has been sworn in as President,” Hamilton explained. “He’s pulled all your protection. The aliens want you dead.”
“Yeah, I got that impression,” Peter said. “So, why are you still protecting me?” 
“I don’t like the idea of an alien being president. Particularly after talking to Captain Shilling. She told me about Videl Lai and the Purists, and their plans for Earth.”
“Right, but I don’t know if there’s anything we can do now. They’ll keep Rubio deep underground where nobody can touch him.”
“Then we’ll have to expose him. Let the people know an alien has been sworn in as president.”
“Nobody will believe us unless we have proof,” Peter argued. “So far all we’ve come up with is circumstantial evidence—nothing that will hold water.”
“We’ve got to keep digging until we find something,” Hamilton said.
Peter nodded but didn’t feel at all optimistic. 
The copter flew low over the landscape until they reached the farm where ES 26 was hidden. They set down near the barn. The pilot let off Peter and Hamilton and then flew away to hide the chopper where it couldn’t be spotted from the air. 
Lt. Lakee and Lucinda came out to meet them. When Peter saw Lucinda, he rushed over to her and they embraced.
“I missed you,” Peter said, hugging her tightly and swinging her around excitedly.
“I was worried sick the whole time you were gone,” she said after he’d set her down.
“I can imagine,” Peter said and then looked over at Lt. Lakee. “Hi, Lieutenant. I heard you saved my family.”
“I’m glad I got there in time. We were lucky.”
“Well, I owe you one. Thank you so much.”
“No thanks are necessary, Commander. You’ve done so much for Tarizon and my people; what I have done is nothing.”
Peter smiled and slapped Lt. Lakee on the shoulder. “I wouldn’t say that. So, where is everyone?” 
“They’re all in the officers’ lounge, I believe.”
Peter nodded and followed Lucinda down the ladder into ES 26. She stopped at the bottom. When Peter caught up with her he kissed her and said, “I’ll meet you in our quarters in a little while. Let me talk to the Captain and our guests and find out what the situation is.”
Lucinda squeezed his hand. “Okay,” she said and left.
When Peter got to the officers’ lounge he smiled at his father and two brothers.
“Did you meet Lucinda and Tokin?” he asked them.
They all nodded enthusiastically.
“Quite a woman, huh?”
“Oh, yes,” Stan said. “She’s so nice, and Tokin is a doll. I wish your mother was here to meet them.”
“Me too,” Peter said, and then his eyes narrowed as they fell on a strange and beautiful woman wearing a Purist officer’s uniform. The woman smiled at him.
“You have a prisoner?” Peter asked, looking at Captain Shilling.
“No. A defector. Peter, this is Lt. Aerial Muri. She just escaped from Videl’s Revenge. She’s been giving me some great intel.”
“I bet,” Peter replied evenly. “How do we know she’s not a spy?”
Lt. Muri took a deep breath. “Well, Mr. Liberator. Look into my eyes. I’ll open my mind so you can see whatever you’d like.”
Peter raised his eyebrows in surprise. “Okay,” he said tentatively.
Lt. Muri sat up straight and looked straight at Peter. Peter walked over to her and sat down. He looked around the room, shrugged, and then peered deeply into Lt. Muri’s eyes. Thoughts and images came flooding into Peter’s mind. She gave up everything willingly and joyfully. Peter had never felt anything like it. It wasn’t like when he received Threebeard’s memories. They’d come to him in a steady and constant flow, but Lt. Muri’s came pouring out like they’d been dammed up inside her and suddenly the flood gates had been opened. It was so overwhelming Peter had to turn away.
“Jesus!” Peter exclaimed. 
“I’m sorry,” Lt. Muri said. “I’ve had to lie and deceive for so long it was wonderful just to let it all out.”
Peter smiled. “A Loyalist spy? Holy Sandee. You’ve had a tough life. I’ll admit that. You must be one hell of an actress to have survived as long as you did.”
She nodded. “Yes, I’m just glad it’s over.”
“What I find hard to believe is that you were able to conceal the fact that you were part seafolken.”
Lt. Lakee looked over at her in shock and surprise. “Is that true?” he asked.
Lt. Muri nodded. “Yes, I had to make sure it was dark when we made love so they wouldn’t see my gills. If they did discover them, I’d sting them with my tortiac and then they’d forget everything they’d seen.”
Mark’s and Reggie’s eyes widened. Stan thought back to his fateful encounter with Tehra’s tortiac. He’d ended up in the emergency room at the local hospital. And later found himself an expectant father. Peter looked at him and smiled. Stan felt embarrassed and ashamed. He looked away.
Lt. Muri noticed the exchange and frowned. She looked at Stan and said, “You must be Peter’s father. You two look a lot alike.”
Stan nodded. “Yes.”
“Has your son told you what a hero he is on Tarizon?”
“Yes, briefly. It’s all quite amazing.”
“And now he’s come back to save Earth. You must be an extraordinary man to have produced such a son.”
Stan smiled awkwardly. Just hearing her voice started to arouse him. “It was his mother,” he said quickly. “She’s quite an extraordinary woman.”
“It would take two extraordinary people to produce a Peter Turner. I have been a secret admirer of his for some time.”
“Well,” Peter said, “speaking of saving Earth. Does anyone have any ideas on how we might accomplish that?”
“We must expose the President,” Hamilton said. “Agent Snead has dug up a lot of background dirt on him already. All we need is some proof that he fixed an election or illegally gouged his way up the ladder in the Senate.”
“That would take time, and the entire Tarizon Repopulation Project would likely be exposed,” Stan said.
“Is that a bad thing?” Lt. Muri said. “Shouldn’t the people know the truth, so they can understand what has happened to them?”
Stan sighed. “Yeah, in theory you’re right, but let’s analyze what would happen if the Tarizon Repopulation Project were to be exposed.”
“The people would be outraged,” Hamilton said. “There would be fingers pointed and accusations against hundreds, if not thousands, of politicians and government officials who knew, or should have known, what was going on.”
“Yes. It would be worse than the McCarthy era,” Stan said. “The government would be snooping into everyone’s affairs to find out if they were aliens or not. There’d be congressional investigations, special prosecutors appointed—it would be madness.”
“So, what’s the alternative?” Captain Shilling asked.
Stan looked at her and raised his eyebrows. “Hmm. Perhaps if we focused on a relatively minor illegal act, like when he set up his opponent with the woman at the motel. That was a criminal act but nobody died, so it’s a lot more palatable than treason and would be more readily accepted. 
“So,” Stan continued, “to begin with, we go to the president and let him know we know about the Fleet and the conspiracy to take over the government. We suggest he may want to resign before we tell the American people the truth. We’ll tell him he can use the motel incident as his reason for resigning. He can apologize and tell everyone how remorseful he is and move on with his life. We’ll give him the choice of going home to Tarizon or staying here, as long as he keeps his mouth shut.”
“I like it,” Hamilton said. “It’s brilliant, actually.”
“I don’t know,” Peter said. “You’ve got to remember that Kulchz will be listening to everything that is said to the President. You won’t have any privacy. The moment you threaten him the Secret Service will be all over you. That’s if you can even get in to see him.”
“Can’t we remove the sensor chip?” Stan asked. “It’s not hard. I had mine removed.”
“Anyone who goes to see the President will be searched,” Hamilton said. “You won’t be able to get even a pocket knife into the room with him.”
There was an uneasy moment of silence. Finally, Stan said. “Ah, Mark and Reggie. Why don’t you go topside for a little while?” 
Reggie frowned and started to protest, but Stan gave him a look that Reggie knew well. It was no time to argue. He got up and Mark followed him outside. Stan turned to Lt. Lakee.
“Lieutenant, would you be sure they actually go topside?” He looked over at Peter and smiled wryly. “Strange as it seems, my children don’t always obey me.” Peter returned the smile.
“Sure,” Lt. Lakee said and left the room. A minute later he came back and reported that Reggie and Mark had climbed topside, and that he’d closed the hatch so they couldn’t sneak back in.
“Thank you,” Stan said. “This is a little embarrassing and shocking, so I didn’t want Mark and Reggie to hear it. We do have one other option. Now, ordinarily I couldn’t even conceive of killing someone intentionally, but, in this circumstance, it may be our only choice. I don’t see it as murder but as self-defense or self-preservation. After all this isn’t just politics, this is war.”
“So, you are saying we should assassinate the President,” Hamilton said, shaking his head. “No. I can’t go along with that.”
“I know. It may seem repugnant to you at first. It certainly is to me, but think about it. You are sworn to uphold the Constitution of the United States of America. Let me assure you if we do not kill President Rubio now, a year from now there will be no Constitution of the United States!”
Hamilton sighed and slumped back into his chair. He knew Stan was right but it was a hard pill to swallow. “I don’t know if I can participate in this,” he said softly.
“You have to,” Stan pressed. “We need you. You’re the only one who can get into the White House.”
Hamilton sat up. “You want me to kill him?”
Stan shook his head. “No. I want Lt. Muri to kill him.”
All eyes turned to Lt. Muri. She feigned shock at first and then smiled wryly. “How did you know? Are you telepathic like your son?”
“I don’t think so, but it’s pretty obvious. You didn’t come here for political asylum entirely. You’re here for revenge as well. You want to make somebody pay for what they’ve done to you or somebody you cared about.”
“That’s right. You’re a counselor . . . er . . . an attorney. You know all about people’s motives. Well, it’s true. I hate Evohn Cystrom and want his dream of conquering Earth to fail, and I want him to pay for the atrocities he has committed. I was never a Purist. How could I be with seafolken blood running through my veins? They sucked me up into their sick conspiracy and expected me to jump at every command. They dragged me from bed to bed wanting my body, wanting the pleasures I could bring to them, while at the same time planning the genocide of my brothers and sisters. Yes, I want revenge, and revenge I will have!” 
Stan nodded and looked at Hamilton. “For this to work you’ll need to be in the good graces of the Secret Service. If the President suspects you’ve thrown in with us, they’ll trump up some bogus charges and have you suspended to get you out of the way.”
Hamilton nodded. “That’s probably true.”
“So, you’ll need to go back and tell your superiors that Peter and I were killed in the raid on the space shuttle. You can take Mark and Reggie with you and say you managed to save them but not us. Then send Mark and Reggie back to Dallas to be with their mother. They can brief her on what’s happened, and they all can pretend to be mourning our deaths.” 
“What about your bodies?” Hamilton asked.
“Just say that we were on top of the ship when we died, and when it took off our bodies went with it. You can speculate that they probably fell off eventually, but you don’t know where the bodies landed.”
“What about Mo and Snead?” Hamilton asked.
“You can trust Mo, I’m sure. You’ll have to use your own judgement with Snead. I don’t know him that well.”
Hamilton nodded. “Okay. So, how are we going to get Lt. Muri and the President together?”
Stan explained that portion of the plan and they all discussed it at length. When all the details had been worked out, Stan told Mark and Reggie what their parts would be, and then sent them back to DC with Agent Hamilton. Hamilton called ahead and arranged to meet with Mo and Snead. 
He had decided Snead could be trusted, so he advised them both of the plan. They agreed that assassination was indeed their only remaining option, and began putting the plan in motion. When Hamilton made it back to the White House he advised the new President that Peter and Stan were dead and that he’d sent Mark and Reggie back to Dallas to be with their mother. The President seemed elated with the news and called a press conference for the following afternoon. After his meeting with the President, Hamilton called in a favor and got a White House press pass for a good friend, Aerial Smith of the Dallas Herald. 

Chapter 35
Rossi’s Ingenious Plan
Specialist 1st Class Wald Grugger woke to an alarm going off on his console. He blinked a few times, trying to focus. It was dark and there was no power, so he groped for the emergency power button. He found it and the bridge lit up. Looking around, he saw debris scattered everywhere and noticed that everyone was unconscious. Then he looked at the big screen over the bridge and saw Earth’s moon looming as large as he’d ever seen it. He looked at the image a moment, mesmerized; then he realized it was getting bigger by the tik. The moon’s gravity was pulling them toward itself at an alarming rate. Glancing down at the instruments, panic overcame him. They didn’t have much time to take action before they crashed.
“Commander!” he screamed, getting to his feet with much difficulty. He staggered over to Tam, grabbed his shoulders, and shook him. “Wake up! Wake up! We’re going to crash!”
Tam moaned for few tiks and then opened his eyes. Blood was oozing from a gash to his forehead. He touched the wound with his hand and took it away again. He looked at the blood on his hand curiously. It took him a few tiks to recognize Grugger. 
“What happened?” he finally asked.
“The explosion—we attacked New Age—remember?”
“Right,” he replied, dabbing his bleeding forehead with a handkerchief.
“The FTL drive is down,” Grugger said. “We’re going to crash into the moon if we don’t do something quickly.”
Tam looked at the big screen and winced. “Skutz! Wake up Rossi. We’ve got to get the engines back on line immediately.”
Grugger ran over to Rossi and shook him. Tam pushed his com button and barked, “Engineering. Damage report.”
There was no answer.
“Engineering! Damage report.”
Rossi opened his eyes and looked around. Then he saw the moon on the monitor. “Holy Sandee! I’ll go down and check the FTL drive,” he said and ran off.
“How long have we been out?” Tam asked.
“Over a kyloon, sir.”
“Are your scanners working?”
“Yes, sir. I turned on the emergency power.”
“Anything showing up?”
“Nothing but the moon, sir,” Grugger replied, nodding toward the menacing image on the monitor.
“Right.”
Crew members started moaning and groaning as the noise and activity awoke them. Colonel Belmoht stood up. “What happened?”
“We almost got blown up along with New Age,” Tam said. “Go wake everybody up who’s still out and bring me back a damage report.”
“Yes, sir.”
Tam punched the com button. “Sincini, report.”
“We’ve found three ruptures in the main power core. It’ll take at least a kyloon to fix them.”
“We don’t have a kyloon. We’re going to crash in half a kyloon if we don’t do something.”
“I know. But if you fire our auxiliary thrusters for about five loons, that should slow us down long enough for the repair.”
“Why not fire them for ten loons and guarantee we won’t crash?” Tam asked.
“We can’t. The exterior fuel tanks were breached. All we have is the fuel in the interior lines. I’ve capped it off but there will only be enough fuel for a five-loon run.”
“Wonderful,” Tam moaned.
“I’ve got more bad news,” Sincini advised.
Tam braced himself. “What now?”
“We lost our plasma cannons. The turrets have been blown clean off. It took me months to build them.”
Tam closed his eyes. His wound began to throb. “So, how are we going to destroy the last two battle cruisers?”
“I don’t know, sir.”
“All right. First things first. I’d better fire the auxiliary thrusters before it’s too late. Should I let them burn until they run out of fuel or stop at five loons?”
“Stop at five loons,” Sincini replied. “We may need them to stabilize the ship later.”
“All right. Firing the auxiliary thrusters.”
The ship shook as the thrusters came on line. Tam fired them for exactly five loons and then shut them down. He looked over at Grugger. “How’s it looking?”
“That slowed us down a lot, sir. I’ll find out precisely how much time we have as soon as navigation is back in business.”
Tam nodded and pushed his com button. “Medical officer. Report.”
“Everyone has suffered injuries, most not severe. There have been two deaths—crewmen hit by flying objects. Seventeen unable to perform their duties but most are back at their stations.”
“Get somebody up here to patch me up. I’ve got a gash on my forehead.”
“Right away, Commander.”
Colonel Belmoht walked back onto the bridge. “Most everybody is back at their stations,” he reported. “We should be fully operational within five or ten loons.”
“Good. Did you hear we lost our plasma cannons?”
“I heard. That’s disappointing.”
“To say the least,” Tam said. “What’s the situation with our fighters? Has anyone tried to make contact with them yet?”
“Yes, we’ve made contact with thirteen of them. I’ve ordered them to sit tight until we can go pick them up.”
“So, we have sixty-three left?”
“Give or take one or two.”
“Not enough to take Relentless?” Tam asked rhetorically.
“No. Probably not,” Colonel Belmoht confirmed.
Tam had a thought. “Except they don’t know our plasma cannons are out of commission,” he said. “They’ll probably still run from us.”
“Yes, but what’s the point of pursuing them if we have no way to finish them off?”
“There’s always a way, Colonel. You just have to think of it.”
“Okay, I’ll give some thought to it and talk to Sincini about it. He may have some ideas. He usually does.”
“Good. We need a battle plan ready the moment the FTL drive goes on line.” 
Colonel Belmoht left to find Rossi Sincini. He found him on the FTL maintenance deck, where several crew members were working furiously to repair the damage the FTL drive had sustained. 
“How’s it coming?” Colonel Belmoht asked.
“Slow. You can’t rush these kinds of repairs or they won’t hold,” Sincini said.
“Are you going to make it in time?”
“It will be close, but I think so.”
“I hate to bother you when you’re already up against a tight deadline, but Commander Lavendar wants me to come up with a new attack plan against Relentless.”
“Without a plasma cannon?”
“Right,” Colonel Belmoht replied.
“Hmm. Well, they’ll run the moment they see us, just like New Age.”
“Right, and we know how to stop them from going FTL.”
“True. So, the question becomes, what do we do once we ensnarl them in our web of fighters?”
“I don’t know. Is there a place on the cruiser that might be vulnerable?”
“No. The exterior is solid. They only way in and out is through the launch platforms. They are heavily guarded with lasers so any intruder would be immediately destroyed.”
“Could we shoot a missile into the launch platform like was done to Earth’s Destiny?”
“No, the ionic shield wouldn’t allow it,” Rossi said thoughtfully. “But I have another idea.”
“Really? What’s that?”
“What if we disguised one of our planes to look and act like a Purist fighter?”
“You mean repaint them?”
“We’d have to do that, but we’d also have to alter the electronic signature of the fighter to match one that was on Relentless. That way when the fighter approached the launching platform they’d let it in.”
“Do you know their codes?”
“No, but I could program our fighters to intercept the codes as they are radioed into Relentless’s computer. Then our plane could use that same code to obtain clearance to land on the launch platform.”
“Wow! Wouldn’t they know they had two planes with the same codes?”
“No,” Rossi said. “The program doesn’t have any redundancy protection. Twenty planes in a row could land with the same code. Frankly, until just now I never thought that could be a problem.”
“Were you involved in writing the program?”
“No, but I worked closely with the engineers who installed it. It wasn’t an issue because normally the codes could not be intercepted by the enemy.”
“Normally?”
“Right,” Sincini said, grinning. “I’m one of only a few that could do it.”
Colonel Belmoht laughed. “Boy, did they make a big mistake letting you live.”
“Yes, in their rush to leave Clarion they made a number of serious blunders.”
“Thank God and Sandee for that. I’ll go tell the commander.”
“Right, you do that. And don’t come back until these repairs are made. Any more distractions and attacking Relentless will be the least of our problems.”
Colonel Belmoht returned to the bridge to give the good news to Tam. A medical officer was working on his cut when he arrived. When she was finished, Colonel Belmoht explained the battle plan they’d devised against Relentless. Tam was pleased and left Colonel Belmoht in charge while he went to confer with Lt. Lamh about the plan. When he returned to the bridge, Rossi Sincini was there.
“Are the repairs done?” Tam asked.
“Yes, sir. The FTL drive is ready to power up.”
Tam nodded and then pushed the ignition button. There was a whirring sound, but after a moment it stopped. He looked at Rossi.
“Try again,” Sincini suggested. “The drive’s hard to start sometimes. There may be some residual debris in the coils that need to be burnt off.”
Tam hit the button again and there was the same sound but no ignition. He looked worriedly at Rossi.
“Try again,” he urged.
An alarm sounded from Grugger’s console. “One loon to impact!” Grugger yelled.
Tam looked at Grugger and then pushed down hard on the button. This time, the FTL drive whirred, sputtered, and then came to life. Tam breathed a sigh of relief as the moon began to shrink and then suddenly disappeared in a dazzling flurry of lights.
He grinned at Rossi. “Okay, let’s start looking for Relentless.”
Grugger nodded and punched in some codes into the ship’s computers. They began a search similar to the one that had led them to New Age. Along the way they picked up their stray fighters, and then work began on disguising three of them to look just like the enemy’s. It wasn’t a difficult task since their T-69s were identical to the ones on Relentless except for their markings.
Finding Relentless proved to be more difficult than locating New Age had been, since it had been so long since they’d known her position. Nevertheless, by working a grid methodically, they found her within three kyloons. 
As expected, when they confronted her she fled. They tracked her down seven more times to give Rossi the data he needed to predict her final position. When that was done they jumped to the expected location and waited for the final showdown. Because the fighter mission was so dangerous, Tam met with the pilots before they were dropped off to begin their infiltration run.
“This will be the most dangerous mission we have yet embarked upon,” he told them. “When we attacked New Age we lost thirty-seven pilots, and it’s likely the attack against Relentless will be even more costly. I can’t order you to fly when the odds against you are so high, so I am going to ask for volunteers for this mission. You probably are asking yourself why are we even undertaking the mission if it’s so impossible. That’s a good question and one I want to address.
“In the past few days the Purists have taken over the government of the United States of America by deception, deceit, and murder, just as they did on Tarizon. Their control, however, remains tenuous. If the people find out the truth soon, the Purists can still be stopped. However, as things stand, they have two attack cruisers and hundreds of fighters standing by to provide the new government with the military support it needs to survive. So, it’s imperative that we remove that support, by destroying these last two attack cruisers and the fighters they have aboard.
“I’d like to send fifty fighters on the mission which would leave thirteen on Earth’s Destiny. If you choose not to volunteer it will not be held against you, and no record of your election not to fly will be made. You need to decide now. Those who desire to fly on this mission stay in your seats. The rest of you may go back to your quarters to await further orders.”
The room was quiet, and no one made a move to leave. After a few tiks there was movement in the corner of the room, and a pilot got up quickly and left. Two more followed him out. Tam paid no attention to those who left. After a few loons he said, “All right. I thank you for your courage and honor and pray I’ll see you after Relentless is destroyed!”
After the fighters were deployed, Earth’s Destiny once again confronted Relentless to force the next FTL jump. As expected, Relentless immediately went FTL. When she reached her anticipated location, the fifty Loyalist fighters immediately attacked. Barely a tik later, Earth’s Destiny appeared and closed in on Relentless. 
In the confusion of the attack, the three disguised fighters surreptitiously intercepted the electronic signature of three Purist fighters, and the signatures were entered into their onboard computers. Then they fell into a long line of fighters waiting to reenter Relentless to be rearmed.
“L1, report,” Tam said.
“L1, in line and waiting our turn,” Lt. Lamh replied.
“Any sign of detection?”
“No, sir. But if anybody gives us a hard look they’re going to wonder why were returning fully armed.”
“I know. If you’re challenged you can abort at any time. This isn’t a suicide mission.”
“Understood.” 
The three Loyalist infiltrators flew past the ship’s huge laser guns with great trepidation, fearing their true identity would be detected and they’d be obliterated in an instant. 
“L1 to ED1,” Lt. Lamh said.
“ED1 here,” Tam replied.
“Entering the launching platform, getting some curious looks.”
“Too late to abort now. If they try to stop you, just start firing your missiles straight into the ship.”
“Affirmative.”
Once they’d made it to the launching platform and were inside Relentless, the plan was to leave two planes laden with explosives and missiles on the platform and then escape in the third fighter. After they’d cleared the launch area, the explosives could be detonated remotely. 
Unfortunately, as soon as the three intruders entered the launching area the specialist in charge challenged them angrily.
“R122, what are you doing? You can’t come in here fully armed, you dirkbird!”
“My computer’s down and my sensors aren’t working right.” Lt. Lamh replied.
“So, didn’t they teach you to fly manually in flight school?”
“Yeah, but . . . ”
“Turn around and get out of here, now! That’s an order.”
“I’m afraid I can’t do that,” Lt. Lamh said as he began launching missiles at the Purist fighters in front of him. An instant later, the launching bay exploded into a fiery inferno as dozens of fighters burned and exploded. Thick black smoke filled the area, cutting visibility to near zero. In the confusion and with the cover of the dense smoke Lt. Lamh and a second pilot climbed out of their cockpits and rushed to the third fighter. Then they made their escape. 
For almost a kyloon, firestorms raged through the ship’s interior, destroying everything in their path until one of them reached the ship’s fuel stores and Relentless was blown into oblivion.
Once Lt. Lamh and the other infiltrators had made their escape, all Loyalist fighters were recalled to Earth’s Destiny; most were clear of Relentless when it finally exploded.
“L1, requesting permission to dock,” Lt. Lamh said.
“Permission granted. Fine job, Lieutenant!” Tam said.
“Thank you, sir.”
“There’s a victory party already getting underway. As soon as you get cleaned up I’d like you to sit at my table.”
“I’d be honored, sir,” Lt. Lamh replied.
“Good. See you soon.”
As each fighter made its landing it was greeted by a welcoming party. The pilots were then escorted to the dining hall, where the victory party was in progress. Tam and Colonel Belmoht mingled with them, congratulating each and thanking them for their heroism. While the party raged on, Rossi Sincini watched with great satisfaction. They’d managed an impossible feat—the destruction of four attack cruisers. But his spirits were dampened by the knowledge that he had no more tricks to use on Videl’s Revenge, and unless they could figure a way to destroy it, all might yet be lost. 

Chapter 36
Quiet Dinner
Lt. Muri, wearing a press pass bearing the name Aerial Smith, arrived at the West Wing of the White House with Agent Hamilton. The press conference was set to begin in about fifteen minutes. She was dressed in a short black silk dress with spaghetti straps and wore high heels. Many heads turned and stared in admiration as she walked by. Hamilton felt exhilarated as her escort. Her scent, partly the product of potent seafolken pheromones, was intoxicating, and almost made him forget the very serious purpose of their visit. When they reached the door of the Press Briefing Room he held his breath, fearing her credentials might be challenged, but they were not.
The room was packed with noisy reporters anxious to size up the new President and find out how he was handling the most vicious terrorist attack the nation had ever faced. Hamilton led Aerial to her seat and then returned to his assigned security position for the press conference. Security was extremely tight as this was the first time President Rubio had ventured out of the bunker for a public appearance. The arrest of two Secret Service agents in connection with the assassinations of the President, vice president, and Speaker of the House had made everyone suspicious and paranoid. Nobody trusted anyone.
When the press secretary made his entrance, everyone quieted down. As he got to the podium he adjusted his glasses and nodded to someone in the first row. “Ladies and gentlemen, before the President comes out here I wanted to let you know that this will be a very brief press conference. As you know, the President was sworn in less than twenty-four hours ago, has had very little sleep, and is obviously very tired. But he knows the American people are understandably concerned about recent events and need reassurance, so he has consented to this press conference. Accordingly, tonight he plans to say a few words and take four or five questions before returning to the bunker to get some sleep. So with that said, let me introduce the President.” 
President Rubio walked briskly to the podium and smiled broadly. He was a handsome, lean man who appeared proud and confident. Not a man who’d unexpectedly been thrust into the limelight.
“Ladies and gentlemen. I know it must be a great shock to see me standing up here as the leader of the Free World. Well, let me just say that I’m as shocked as you are that our security was so lax that terrorists could kill our president and two of his successors. It is scandalous that we let our guard down and allowed this atrocity to occur. Let me assure you that as long as I am president that will never happen again.”
Hamilton looked across the room at Aerial Smith. She smiled wryly back at him. President Rubio stood tall and continued. 
“The persons responsible for these terrorist attacks will be brought to justice quickly, and their punishment will be swift and harsh. We cannot allow terrorism in America to flourish as it does today. We must give our law enforcement agencies the power that they need to combat it effectively. This may mean a temporary relaxation of some of the civil rights we all enjoy, but our very existence depends on our ability to seek out, find, and destroy our enemies.”
The press broke out in excited chatter. Reporters started asking questions. Rubio interrupted them. “Just one more thing and then I’ll answer questions. As you know, when a new president takes office it is customary for the entire cabinet to resign. Well, in keeping with that tradition, the entire cabinet has submitted their resignations. I know that it is often the case when a sitting president resigns or dies that the successor retains the old cabinet. I do not intend to do that, however. I am accepting all the resignations that have been tendered to me.”
Now the room broke out in chaos. Reporters shouted out questions to the president but he raised his hand. “One more thing. I have already made one new cabinet appointment. I felt there could be not one moment of delay in filling this important position, so I am proud to announce that the new Secretary of Defense will be Commander Ziegfield Kulchz.”
There were many frowns and gasps of utter dismay at the appointment. President Rubio smiled. “I know most of you don’t know Commander Kulchz, but he is quite an astute military tactician who has worked closely with the United States Army over the past twenty years. He knows our military quite well and, I’m sure, will serve quite effectively. Now I’ll take your questions.”
“Mr. President,” a reporter asked. “Has it been established for certain that the IJA is responsible for the abduction and assassination of the President and the others?”
“Yes. I’ve talked with the FBI and the Secret Service, and they tell me they are quite certain that the IJA is behind the abductions. After all, why would they claim to have done it if it were not true?”
Many hands rose, and reporters began screaming out more questions. “Mr. President, why would you appoint an unknown to such an important post as Secretary of Defense in this time of crisis? Don’t you think the American people would have preferred the appointment of someone they knew and had faith and confidence in?”
Rubio stiffened. “Commander Kulchz is well known to our military leaders. He has been the liaison officer between the military and the defense industry for many years, as I said, and I have full confidence in his abilities. . . . That’s all for now,” the President said and started to leave the podium.
Aerial Smith got up and raised her hand. “Oh, Mr. President. Just one more question, please.”
President Rubio was about to decline the request summarily when he noticed Aerial’s beauty and grace. His annoyance vanished. A smile came over his face. “Well, just one more for the pretty lady.”
Aerial smiled back meekly. “Mr. President, I just wondered if it got lonely way down there in the bunker.”
Several reporters snickered.
The President hesitated then shrugged. “Well, I am surrounded by Secret Service agents, so I’m not alone.”
“Oh, I know that. But, I mean at night with no family or friends to talk to.”
The President nodded. “Yes, it is a little lonely down there, but until we can find out how the IJA managed to breach White House security and take the President, there’s really no other choice.”
Aerial nodded. “Thank you, Mr. President.”
The President left the room, and Aerial rushed over to where Agent Hamilton was stationed. He immediately escorted her down the corridor to a place he knew the President would soon be passing. When he approached, Aerial and Hamilton stepped out.
“Oh, Mr. President,” Hamilton said, “I’d like you to meet Aerial Smith from the Dallas Herald.”
President Rubio smiled. “Yes, you asked that last question.”
“Yes, I did,” Aerial replied. “A lot of women worry about things like that.”
The President laughed. “Really?”
“Yes, of course,” she said and looked around to make sure nobody was listening. “Listen, if you do get lonely down there here’s my phone number. I could take care of that problem.”
She handed him a piece of paper. The President blushed and looked around nervously. 
“Agent Hamilton is an old friend,” Aerial added. “I’m sure he could sneak me in if it was a matter of national security.”
They all laughed. 
“Ah, thank you, Ms. Smith,” Rubio said, taking the paper.
“No. Call me Aerial. I insist.”
“Aerial. It’s a nice thought, but highly inappropriate.”
Lt. Muri feigned great disappointment. “Oh, well. Just trying to be helpful,” she said and leaned over and gave the President a kiss on the cheek. As she withdrew she nicked his skin with her tortiac, sending feelings of immense sexual pleasure throughout his body. 
He closed his eyes and moaned with pleasure then stepped back, alarmed by his reaction. “Ah, well. I must go,” he said, looking in Aerial’s eyes with great fascination. His aide took his arm and whisked him down the hall to the Oval Office and closed the doors.
Hamilton chuckled. “What did you do to him? He looked like he wanted to take you into the nearest closet.”
“He did,” she said, “but obviously that wouldn’t do. He’ll be calling for me soon, though.”
“No doubt,” Hamilton said. “So, what are you going to do in the meantime?”
“Get a hotel room and wait for the phone call.”
“All right. Call me when you get settled, so I know where you are.”
“I need some money,” Aerial said. “I didn’t get a chance to get to a pawn shop and sell some stones.”
Hamilton laughed and opened his wallet. “Okay, take this credit card. I don’t have enough cash on me. Don’t go crazy with it.”
“I won’t. Just a few clothes and the room.” 
“I’ll get you a cab.”
They went to the reception area, and Aerial waited while Hamilton got her a cab. She felt exhilarated by the way things were turning out. She was sure she was going to get her revenge, and then some. The cab took her to the Watergate Hotel where she got a room and then went shopping for nightgowns and underwear. When Aerial got back to her hotel room she turned on the TV. Reaction to the press conference was being discussed by a panel of experts.
“Diane. What do you know of Commander Kulchz?” the moderator asked.
“Not a lot. He was a middle-grade bureaucrat in charge of procuring state-of-the-art technology for the Pentagon.”
“That doesn’t seem to qualify him to be Secretary of Defense, does it?”
“Well, he was very successful. They say he’s the one who secured the stealth technology for the Air Force’s new bomber.”
“Really?”
“Yes, and that’s just one of many impressive acquisitions.”
“Still, that’s not the kind of person the President should be appointing if he wants to instill confidence in his judgement. What do you think, John?”
“Well, apparently Kulchz and Rubio were good friends, so I think it comes down to a matter of trust, like the President himself said at the press conference.”
“Perhaps.”
Aerial switched off the TV and called down for room service. She was famished, needed sleep, and figured she’d better get it now. She wanted to be alert when she got the President’s phone call. When the food arrived she ate voraciously, took a long bath, and went to bed. Hours later the phone rang.
“Ah, Ms. Smith.”
“Yes, is this who I think it is?” Aerial asked, recognizing Rubio’s voice—and his tone.
The President chuckled. “Yes, it is. Ah. You know. You and I just hit if off so well, I couldn’t quit thinking about you.”
“Good. Because I felt the same way when I met you.”
“You said you might like to keep me company?”
“Yes, I hate the idea of you being all alone down there so deep in the Earth.”
“Good, because I’ve got the dinner menu right in front of me and I needed to know what you like.”
“Fish,” Lt. Muri replied. “Sushi if they have it.”
“This is the White House, my girl. We have everything.”
“Great. I’ve always wanted to have dinner at the White House.”
“Okay, then. You call your friend, Agent Hamilton, and tell him you’re coming to dinner.”
“I will, Mr. President. See you soon.”
Lt. Muri hung up the phone and then smiled proudly. She knew being part seafolken had definitely given her an advantage in life. She’d always been able to manipulate men at will, which often had saved her life. Now perhaps it would allow her to save Earth. Perhaps, she hoped, that would make up for all the evil she’d been forced to be a part of as a Loyalist spy, living and working in the enemy camp. She picked up the phone and dialed Hamilton’s number.
“Yes,” Hamilton said.
“I got the call,” Aerial advised him.
“Good. I’ll alert the others and come get you. When are you supposed to be there?”
“For dinner. He didn’t give me a time.”
“All right. Then I’ll be there in an hour.”
“Good. I need time to get dressed.”
She hung up and went into her bedroom to get changed. Her new purse was large enough to carry a nightgown, perfume, and makeup. She debated whether it would be better to kill the President in his bed or in the dining room. They’d have cameras in the bedroom, but it might be better to do it immediately and get it over with. If there were an emergency the President could be called away and she’d miss her opportunity. If the murder was taped she’d just have to make it look like an accident, she decided. She worked hard, making sure she’d be as alluring as possible. Before she knew it there was a knock on the door. After making a few adjustments to her outfit and makeup, she grabbed her purse and went to the door.
“You ready?” Hamilton asked.
“Yes, let’s go,” she replied, stepping out and letting the door shut behind her.
It was a cool, clear night. She looked up in the sky, wondering how Admiral Cystrom had taken her escape. Would he suspect she’d been a spy all along? She thought she’d been pretty convincing with her false outrage at Vice Admiral Brunns’ demotion and the admiral’s murder, but she couldn’t be sure. If they knew she was a spy they’d know she’d defected to the Loyalists and would be looking for her. She looked around warily at the people entering and leaving the hotel and then followed Agent Hamilton to his car.
They drove straight to the White House and entered the West Wing. Nobody asked Hamilton whom he was bringing into the White House with him. Aerial wondered if they already knew she was the President’s dinner guest, or if they just trusted Hamilton. When they got to the elevator that led down to the bunker, there was a Marine posted there. When Hamilton started to push the elevator button the guard stopped him.
“No one is allowed in the bunker tonight,” the Marine advised him.
“But the President is expecting Ms. Smith,” Hamilton said.
“I’m sorry, but I have my orders.”
Hamilton stiffened up. “Who has more authority than the President?”
The Marine didn’t flinch. “My orders came from Defense Secretary Kulchz.”
Hamilton shook his head. “Well, I think the President outranks the defense secretary, wouldn’t you say?”
“I don’t have any orders from the President.”
“Well, call down and ask him if he would like his dinner companion allowed into the bunker.”
The Marine coughed uneasily then picked up the telephone. He spoke to someone and then put the phone on the receiver. “All right, you can go down.”
“Thank you,” Hamilton said curtly and pushed the down button.
A few minutes later the elevator door opened, and Hamilton and Aerial stepped inside. When they got to the bunker they were surprised to see the President was being guarded by soldiers rather than Secret Service agents. They looked at Hamilton suspiciously. Then Aerial froze. Across the corridor she saw into another room and recognized the man talking to the President. It was Commander Kulchz! She wondered if he’d recognize her. She’d only met him once, but few men forgot Aerial Muri. 
“We’ve got a problem,” she whispered to Hamilton. “That’s Kulchz standing next to the President. He might recognize me.”
Hamilton looked over through the open door at Kulchz and then turned to one of the soldiers. “Ms. Smith needs to use the ladies’ room before she sees the President. Can you direct her?”
The soldier frowned and then shrugged. “All right. Follow me,” he said.
Just as they rounded the corner the President came out with Commander Kulchz. Hamilton smiled and nodded.
“Oh, Agent Hamilton. This is Commander Kulchz, my new defense secretary. Where’s Aerial . . . ah, Ms. Smith?”
“Oh, she had to powder her nose,” Hamilton replied. “She’ll be right back.”
The President smiled. “Well good, then, Commander. I’ll see you first thing in the morning to discuss the other cabinet positions.”
Kulchz nodded and turned to leave. Then he looked back. “Pay my respects to Ms. Smith. I would wait to meet her but I have important business to attend to.”
“Of course,” Hamilton said. “You’ll have plenty of opportunity to meet her later, I’m sure.”
The President winked. “Hopefully.”
They all laughed as Kulchz walked into the elevator and the door closed. Hamilton took a deep breath and sighed. 
“What is it, Agent?” President Rubio asked. “Long day?”
Hamilton nodded. “This last week has been something else, Mr. President.”
“Well, you can go now. I’m sure Aerial and I can take it from here.”
Hamilton nodded and began walking back to the elevator. Before he’d reached it, Aerial appeared. “Leaving, Agent?”
“Yes. I’ll leave you two to your dinner.”
Aerial smiled and took the President’s hand. He turned to her in surprise. Hamilton smiled and pushed the elevator button. Soon he was gone and Aerial and the President were alone. Rubio turned and pointed. “Well, the kitchen is this way.”
The soldiers gave her a disapproving look but said nothing. Soon she was alone with the President in a small conference room where dinner had been set for both of them. She took off her jacket, revealing bare shoulders and a plunging neckline. Then she sat down. The President licked his lips unconsciously. Aerial smiled. 
“This looks wonderful,” she said. “Wow! Our own little private party.”
The President took off his coat and sat down across from her.
“So, you’re from Texas?” he asked.
“Yes, Arlington to be exact,” Aerial said, sticking her fork into some sushi and putting it into her mouth. “Right in the middle between Dallas and Ft. Worth. Comes in handy when you have to cover events in both cities.”
“Yes, I bet it does,” the President said, beginning to eat as well.
“So, you skipped a few rungs on the ladder,” Aerial observed. “What a stroke of good luck, huh?”
“Well, I didn’t expect it. Nor did I wish for it. Who would have thought the American president and two of his successors would be the victims of such a vicious terrorist plot?”
“Yes, that is quite extraordinary,” Aerial agreed. “You wonder how an unruly bunch of terrorists like the IJA could pull it off.” 
“Yes. Well they did, apparently.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Aerial said. “We should be talking about something more pleasant. I came down here to take your mind off terrorists. How can I do that?”
The President looked at her and shrugged. “Well, just having you here with me is wonderful. You’re quite a beautiful young lady.”
Aerial watched the President intently, and just as he put a generous piece of steak in his mouth she eased out of her chair and moved slowly around the table inching toward him. He froze as he watched her move toward him, his mouth still full of food. When she was standing over him she fell into his lap and kissed him passionately. They kissed for a long minute, and then she plunged her tongue deep into his mouth. He gasped in delight as she bit him with her tortiac. But she didn’t withdraw it as she normally would have had she cared about her lover. No man could take more than one bite, but Aerial bit him again and again until he was thrashing around like a fish out of water. When she finally withdrew, she acted surprised by his physical reaction. The President looked up at her wide-eyed, holding his throat as his tongue swelled. And as she watched, he slowly began choking to death.
“What’s wrong?” she exclaimed, playing to the camera she suspected was recording the incident. “Oh, my God!”
She acted as if she were trying to help him, sticking her fingers down his throat. But in reality she shoved the piece of steak in his mouth as far as she could into his throat, to make sure he didn’t cough it up. Then she waited as if in shock until he quit struggling. Then she screamed.
“Help! He’s got something in his throat! He’s choking! Do something.”
Two soldiers bolted into the room and assessed the situation. One of them grabbed him and turned him around to do the Heimlich maneuver. He got his arms around the President and pulled inward in perfect form. The steak shot out of his mouth, but it was too late. Aerial continued to scream hysterically as more soldiers rushed in, and finally a paramedic made it down to the bunker. Aerial stood in a corner. Then she saw Agent Hamilton and rushed over to him.
“Let’s get you out of here and let the paramedics work,” Agent Hamilton said and escorted her to the elevator. Upstairs there was chaos as more medical personnel arrived, responding to the emergency call. Hamilton escorted Aerial out of the West Wing to a waiting cab and then went back to the Secret Service office where he was supposed to be working. He saw Commander Kulchz rush by with two soldiers. He wondered if they’d believe the President had choked or would figure out he’d been assassinated, but it didn’t matter. President Rubio was dead, and the alien plot to overthrow the U.S. government had been derailed.

Chapter 37
Shocking News
Evohn Cystrom’s neck was stiff and he had a throbbing headache. He’d been so distraught over the loss of New Age that he’d gone into another rage. Most of the crew had cleared the bridge when it started. Nobody wanted to provide him with a target.  Only Lt. Lethrow stood his ground. 
“So, what do we do now?” Lt. Lethrow asked. “If Earth’s Destiny was able to destroy New Age they will be after Relentless next, don’t you think?”
“Right. We better check in with Captain Spar and see what he’s doing to protect his cruiser. Prill?”
Specialist Prill rushed up. “Yes, sir..” 
“Hail Captain Spar for me?”
He nodded. “Right away, Sir.” Prill went to his computer and punched in a code. Soon, Captain Spar’s image appeared on the main monitor. “Yes, Vice Admiral,” Captain Spar said. “What can I do for you?”
“Actually, it’s Admiral now,” Cystrom said. “Admiral Vin Lugart accidentally shot himself while cleaning his revolver.”
The Captain raised his eyebrows. “Really? How tragic.”
“Never mind that,” Cystrom said. “Have you heard from New Age lately?”
“No. She’s disappeared from our scanners. She was under attack from Earth’s Destiny, so I presume they destroyed her with their plasma cannon.”
“Yes, that’s our assessment, too. That’s why we’re calling. We believe you will be Earth’s Destiny’s next target.”
Captain Spar nodded. “Yes, she’s already after us. She’s appeared twice.”
“So, what are you doing to protect yourself?”
“We’re going FTL the moment she appears.”
“How is she able to follow you? Her scanners can’t be that good.”
“I don’t know, but they usually appear a few loons after we’ve relocated. Somehow they are tracking us.”
Cystrom took a deep breath and let it out slowly. He couldn’t figure out how Earth’s Destiny was able to follow their every move. It was like they had a tracking device on the ship.
“Is there any way you might be emitting a signal that they are picking up?” he asked.
“No, sir. I’ve checked. There’s no signal coming from our ship—Oh, skutz! There they are again.”
“Go FTL immediately. Don’t give them time to get a bead on you.”
“Going FTL now!” the Captain advised.
The screen went blank, and Cystrom shook his head angrily. “How are they tracking them? We’ve got to figure it out.”
“It could be the result of mathematical prediction,” Lt. Lethrow suggested. “Perhaps Captain Spar’s movements are not random.”
Cystrom looked at Lt. Lethrow thoughtfully. “That must be it. They’ve picked up a pattern and that pattern gives them the ability to predict his next move.”
“Right. And that would explain how they knew where to leave their fighters to attack New Age.”
“Oh, God no!” Cystrom exclaimed, gritting his teeth. “The fighters may be waiting for Relentless when it completes its jump. We’ve got to make contact with them. They must be warned.”
Lt. Lethrow sighed. “It may be too late. By the time they get our message they’ll be at their new position.”
“We’ve got to try. Prill. Hail Relentless!” Cystrom screamed.
Prill punched Relentless’s code into his computer. Static came from the main monitor, and then a dim image of Relentless’s bridge appeared.
“We’re under attack!” Captain Spar, barely visible in the dim light, yelled. “There are fighters everywhere, attacking from all directions. We can’t move; they’re as thick as bees on a hive.”
There was an explosion, and the image shook violently. The Captain grimaced as he listened to a report coming in on his communicator. “They did what? How did they get in?”
“What’s happening?” Cystrom screamed angrily. 
“Two of our own fighters fired their missiles from inside the landing platform! There’s a fire raging and moving fast through the ship.”
“No! No! No! It can’t be!” Cystrom screamed, waving his arms wildly. “We can’t lose another attack cruiser!”
There was another explosion, followed by screams of pain and agony from crew members as fire engulfed the bridge. The image on the monitor flickered, turned to static, returned for a tik, and then went blank. Cystrom slammed his fist on the console in front of him, then stood up and stormed off the bridge.
Lt. Hanze looked at Lt. Lethrow and shook his head. “Why would our own pilots do that?” he asked.
“They wouldn’t. Somehow, enemy fighters must have gotten inside. I don’t know how, but that’s the only explanation. More importantly, that means Earth’s Destiny’s plasma cannon must not be working. If it were they would have used it.”
“So, that’s good news,” Lt Hanze said. “If they do confront us now it should be a fair fight.”
“Ship to ship, yes, but by my count we have a hell of a lot more fighters than they do. They couldn’t have too many left after two all-out assaults against our forces.”
Specialist Prill walked up. “I’ve got Commander Kulchz on the line,” he advised.
Lt. Lethrow jumped to his feet. “Okay, I’ll go get the admiral,” he said and rushed off.
A few loons later the admiral and Rupra Bruda arrived back on the bridge. Commander Kulchz’ image came up on the monitor.
“Yes, go ahead, Commander,” Admiral Cystrom said.
“Greetings, Admiral. I understand there has been a change in command.”
“Yes, I’m in charge now.”
“Very good, sir.”
“What’s the situation with OCE?”
“Well, I’m afraid there’s been a setback,” Kulchz said. 
Evohn Cystrom stiffened. “What kind of setback?”
“President Rubio is dead.”
Admiral Cystrom turned red. “What! You said you could protect him!”
“I know. I had a dozen soldiers guarding him, but the fool choked on a piece of meat.”
“What? You’ve got to be joking. Tell me you’re joking.”
“No. It’s no joke. The idiot choked on a piece of steak.”
“Who was with him when it happened?”
“He was having dinner with a woman.”
“What woman?”
“I don’t know. A journalist, I think. She disappeared after it happened. It appears Rubio had Agent Hamilton of the Secret Service to sneak her down for dinner. I didn’t know anything about it,” he lied.
Lt. Lethrow’s eyes narrowed. “Do you have a picture of this woman?”
“Ah. Yes, the whole thing is on video. I haven’t had a chance to review it. I’ve been rather busy since they swore me in as president.”
“What?” Cystrom asked. “You are now President of the United States?”
“That’s my position since the entire cabinet resigned and I’m the only cabinet member Rubio had appointed. So, that left me next in line.”
“You mean the House and Senate had not appointed new leaders?”
“No, they hadn’t got around to it. It’s only been a few days since the assassinations.”
“Has anyone challenged you?”
“Yes, Congressman Milford is expected to be elected as Speaker of the House next week, and he’s in the process of taking the matter to the Supreme Court. He says my appointment as Secretary of Defense wasn’t legal because the Senate hadn’t approved the appointment. He may be right about that, but then that means nobody was eligible to be president when President Rubio died.” 
Relief swept over Admiral Cystrom. “Excellent. That’s all the color of authority we need for now. Take control of the government, Mr. President. Use force if you have to. Kill anyone who opposes you. We can’t afford any more setbacks.”
“Yes, sir. I’m already in the process of doing that. That’s why I haven’t had time to review those tapes. . . . Here, I’ve been given the footage showing Rubio’s death. I’ll put it up on your monitor.”
The monitor went dead briefly, and then the image of a small room appeared with a table set for an intimate dinner. The President came in and took a seat. A woman sat across from him but her face couldn’t be seen. They began to eat and then the woman got up, walked around the table, and sat in the President’s lap. They kissed for a long moment, and then the president began to cough and convulse. The woman bent over him, and it looked like she was trying to help. Then she screamed and turned toward the door. As she turned her face became visible. Admiral Cystrom gasped. “It can’t be. No! It can’t be,” he screamed.
“Is that Aerial Muri?” Commander Kulchz asked in shock.
“I’m afraid it is,” Lt. Lethrow replied. “She stole a fighter and deserted yesterday.”
“That means she found Captain Shilling and Peter Turner.”
“Yes, so they must be behind this,” Lt. Lethrow said.
“So, Peter Turner is still alive?” Admiral Cystrom asked angrily.
“Yes, I’m afraid so,” Kulchz admitted. “I’ve had an entire platoon out trying to kill him, but he’s very elusive.”
“We must find him and kill him now. Tell the FBI that he is responsible for President Rubio’s assassination. Tell them Aerial Muri was his accomplice. Perhaps the FBI can track him down and kill him.”
“They won’t kill him. They’ll just take him into custody.”
“Either way, he’ll be out of our way.”
“Right. I’ll take care of it.”
“Good. Now how do you assess your current situation?” Cystrom asked.
“A lot of people won’t like the way I became president. My appointment as Secretary of Defense didn’t go over too well with the media and Congress. I don’t know if my appointment would have been approved. As I said, the new Speaker of the House is contesting the legality of my presidency. He’s taking the matter to the Supreme Court.”
“No courts!” Admiral Cystrom insisted. “Once we take control we won’t relinquish it under any circumstances. If you need a show of force we can certainly provide it. This is no time for weakness.”
“What about the attack cruisers you’ve lost? Will you—”
“Don’t worry about the attack cruisers. You’ll have the support you need.”
“Yes, sir,” Kulchz said. “I must go now. I’m in the process of appointing my cabinet. I need to move fast to consolidate my power.”
“Go, and may God be with you,” Admiral Cystrom said and cut off the communications link.
“That was a stroke of luck that Kulchz succeeded to the presidency,” Lt. Lethrow noted.
“Yes, perhaps our luck is changing,” the admiral said. “It seemed for a while there that everything we’d planned for so long was going wrong. Now all we have to do is get rid of Peter Turner and Earth’s Destiny, and OCE will be sure to succeed!”
“Oh, speaking of Earth’s Destiny,” Lt. Lethrow said. “I’m pretty sure its plasma cannon isn’t working.”
“How do you know that?” Admiral Cystrom asked.
Lt. Lethrow explained his reasoning. Admiral Cystrom smiled.
“Excellent. Then we can confront Earth’s Destiny and destroy it.”
“We should be able to,” Lt. Lethrow agreed. “We definitely have more fighters. But we need something more. As it is, we could fire missiles at her all day long but her ionic shields will render them ineffective. I was thinking of putting some fighters on autopilot and setting them on a collision course with Earth’s Destiny. The ionic shield will nullify their electronics but it won’t change their natural trajectory.”
“Won’t they just destroy the planes with their lasers?” Admiral Cystrom asked.
“One or two maybe, but if we send fifteen or twenty at them they may miss one or two. The resulting collisions might breach the hull.”
“It’s worth a try, I guess. Is there any way we could still launch missiles after the fighters went through the ionic shield? If the electronic components were turned off when they went through the shield, they wouldn’t be damaged and could be turned back on remotely, perhaps. Then the missiles could be launched point-blank at Earth’s Destiny.”
“That’s an interesting idea,” Lt. Lethrow said. “I’ll look into its feasibility.”
While Lt. Lethrow went off to find the chief engineer to discuss the admiral’s ideas, Evohn Cystrom went to see Rupra Bruda to fill him in on the latest developments on Earth. He felt confident now that everything would turn out fine for them. They’d managed to take control of the U.S. government peacefully, and that had been a key element of OCE. Now the primary task was to crush any opposition before any substantial resistance could be organized. To do that, however, they needed to find and kill Peter Turner and destroy Earth’s Destiny. Evohn felt confident they’d find a way to do that, and then he could fulfill his pledge to build the perfect world as envisioned by the great Purist leaders, Videl Lai and Rupra Bruda. 

Chapter 38
Subterfuge
Red looked back and saw his fighter explode. It was so realistic it gave him gooseflesh. He replayed the attack on Invincible in his mind. He’d felt very apprehensive about his T-73 Invisible Predator as he watched the attack on Invincible in the distance. He knew that the odds were only even that he’d return alive after firing his plasma cannon. If the concussion from Invincible’s explosion didn’t kill him, he’d still have a multitude of fighters after him, hungry for blood. In his initial briefing he’d been told the T-73 could take an incredible pounding and was fast enough that he could escape after an attack. Still, he still dreaded the impending attack.
“All right, squad leaders,” Red said. “I’m tired of watching you have all the fun. Let’s see if this p-cannon really works.”
“Affirmative,” G1 replied.
“We’ll keep ’em busy for you, R3,” Y1 said.
As they’d practiced, the two squadrons broke off into two wings to attack the battle cruiser from both sides. Each swung around and came at the cruiser in a line. The few fighters left to defend tried to cut them off with a salvo of missiles but had no chance at stopping them all. Several fighters blew up but most of them blew by and launched their missiles at Invincible. The ionic shield immediately powered up, and the missiles exploded on contact. The ship was jolted by the shock waves from the missile but wasn’t damaged.
The fighters flew by and turned around for a return attack. As they approached the attack cruiser, hundreds of refueled Purist fighters flew out and met them close to the ship. It was a chaotic scene, with hundreds of ships in close combat almost on top of Invincible. Red, watching from behind the attack cruiser, grinned as he saw his plan unfolding perfectly. He knew Yellow and Green Squadrons couldn’t stay that close for long, as the cruiser’s lasers would cut them to shreds, so he gave the T-73 full throttle and headed straight at Invincible.
He approached the ship quickly and, when he calculated the time was right, came out of stealth mode and armed the plasma cannon. Time seemed to almost stop while he waited a few tiks for it to power up. Then the sky exploded as a laser shot past him, knocking off the tip of his wing. His plane jerked wildly, but Red managed to keep it on course. As he fired the plasma cannon, a thick, bright yellow stream shot out toward Invincible. It was so bright Red had to turn away to keep from being blinded. 
Part of the plasma hit the aft landing platform and flooded into the ship. The rest oozed around its hull until the ship finally exploded and split apart. Red tried to pull away from the wreckage but the laser blast had impaired the T-73’s maneuverability. He managed to miss Invincible’s primary remains but was pelted by debris from the explosion. Two Purist fighters saw him in distress and went in for the kill. His decoys automatically deployed, and he went into stealth mode when the first fighter locked onto him and launched its missiles. The missiles followed the decoys and blew them up, but then the second fighter waited until he was right on top of what he thought was Red’s position and fired his laser. 
Y1 saw Red in trouble and came to help out, but when he arrived it was too late. Red’s fighter looked like it had exploded. But it hadn’t. What appeared to be an exploding T-73 was actually an electronic image that the fighter’s engineers had designed into the aircraft’s defensive systems to fool an attacker and lure him into a false sense of security. 
Sitting in his still-intact cockpit, and now again in stealth mode, Red resisted the urge to go back and destroy his two pursuers and instead looked out worriedly at the wing of his fighter, which had been hit by a laser blast. Miraculously, as he watched, the wing was repairing itself just as he’d been told it would during his briefing. 
Red relaxed a bit and began thinking about the plan Threebeard had laid out for him at their last meeting. His instructions were to make everyone, including Captain Sparten, think that his T-73 had been destroyed and that he was dead. Only Lora knew the truth. Red had insisted she be told because he’d seen the agony that Leek and Lucinda has suffered because of Threebeard’s tricks. Threebeard had agreed reluctantly, but only after being assured Lora was a good actress and could pull off the grieving lover role that would be assigned to her. Now that he was, officially at least, a ghost, Red’s job was to find the Purist Fleet and pick off the remaining attack cruisers one by one.
The T-73 was equipped with a solar conversion system that eliminated the need for fuel during space flight. The sun provided all the energy Red would need once he’d reached maximum speed. He couldn’t travel FTL, but that wasn’t necessary since he was already relatively close to Earth. He checked his scanners and found a large object that he conjectured was an attack cruiser. It was already accelerating, so he had his onboard computer calculate its course and told it to follow.
His work done for the present, Red relaxed and closed his eyes. It would be a day or more before the attack cruiser, whichever one it was, would reach Earth and slip into a stationary orbit around the planet. He’d catch up with it a day or two later. He hoped he would be in time. Soon he was asleep.
Ten kyloons later he awoke and blinked his eyes. In the distance he could see a small bright object that he knew must be Earth. He was hungry so he broke out some rations and ate. The food wasn’t great, but when you’re hungry enough, anything tastes good. He thought of Lora and wondered how she was doing with her charade. He was glad he’d insisted on telling her the truth. He didn’t want to deceive the woman he loved.
He checked his radio to see if there was an available link to Tarizon but got nothing but static. He wanted to talk to Lorin or somebody at Central Command to see if there had been any new developments. Up-to-date intelligence would greatly enhance his chances of successfully completing his mission. He prayed the communications link would come on line before he got to Earth.


Chapter 39
The Seizure of Capitol Hill
The cab dropped Aerial off in front of her hotel. She’d half expected to be stopped and interrogated about Rubio’s death, but Agent Hamilton adroitly escorted her through the melee that followed the untimely demise of the President. When she got to her room she turned on the television to see what the media was saying about the death. A pretty young woman was in the network studio giving the report.
“Evelyn Walters here with continuing news on the situation in Washington . . . We’re following a breaking story from the White House where President Rubio, who had just recently been sworn in as president, apparently has choked to death on a piece of steak, according to the President’s press secretary. The President was reportedly under heavy guard in the bunker below the White House and was enjoying a leisurely meal with a female companion when the mishap occurred. The companion has yet to be identified.
“This creates a serious Constitutional crisis for the United States as both the House and Senate were in recess when the assassinations of the President, vice president, and Speaker took place, and neither a new Speaker of the House nor a new president pro tempore of the Senate has been elected. To complicate matters further, when President Rubio took office the entire cabinet resigned and their resignations were accepted. Since those resignations there has been but one cabinet appointment, the controversial appointment of Ziegfield Kulchz as Secretary of Defense. Secretary Kulchz would be the next in the line of succession except for the fact that his appointment has not yet been approved by the Senate.
“Rubio’s appointment just days ago triggered much controversy, as Kulchz was relatively unknown to anyone in Washington and many felt his credentials were highly suspect. Nevertheless, Rubio stood by the appointment and said he expected the Senate to approve it. For more on this new Constitutional crisis let’s go to the White House where Joe Shore has more breaking news.”
The screen changed to a shot of Joe Shore inside the West Wing. “Thank you, Evelyn. We’ve just learned from President Rubio’s press secretary that Ziegfield Kulchz is claiming he should be president. Apparently Kulchz’ position is that the country cannot be without a president, and, although his appointment hasn’t been approved by the Senate, he’s the closest thing to a legitimate successor there is at this time.”
“Joe, what’s the reaction to that reasoning by those around you at the White House?” Walters asked. “It seems pretty shaky at best.”
“It does, and the reaction has been pretty strongly negative. One senator told me he was on his way to meet with a member of the Supreme Court to try to put a stop to Kulchz’ acting as if he were president.”
“What about the Secret Service and the FBI? How are they reacting to all of this?”
“There is a lot of confusion in their ranks right now. Nobody knows quite what to do, but Kulchz seems to have the support of the military. In fact, the White House is full of troops who are obeying his commands.”
“Really? Why do you think that is?”
“I’m not sure, but Kulchz has worked closely with several generals at the Pentagon for the last fifteen years. He’s definitely got connections over there.”
“Thank you, Joe,” Walters said. “Let’s go now to Bill Lang on Capitol Hill to get the reactions of some of the members of Congress.”
The screen changed to the Capitol Rotunda in front of the statue of George Washington. “Yes, thank you, Evelyn,” Lang said. “I’m here with Congressman Schultz of Indiana. Congressman, what’s your reaction to Ziegfield Kulchz’ position that he is the rightful successor to the presidency?”
“It’s ridiculous,” the congressman replied. “He’s not the Secretary of Defense since his appointment was not and will never be confirmed by the Senate, so his attempt to proclaim himself president won’t work. We’ve got our attorneys right now seeking out a federal judge to get an injunction against him asserting any presidential authority. We expect it to be issued momentarily.”
“Well, if he isn’t the lawful successor to the President, who is? The nation cannot be without a president, can it?”
“Unfortunately, it may have to be until the House elects a new speaker.”
Lang frowned as he listened intently to what someone was saying in his earpiece. “Congressman. I’ve just been told that troops supporting President Kulchz are being deployed around Capitol Hill and other locations throughout the capital. What do you make of that?”
“I–I’m flabbergasted,” Schultz sputtered. “This is an outrage! Ziegfield Kulchz is trying to forcibly seize control of the government. We can’t allow it! Excuse me. I’ve got to go confer with my colleagues,” he said and walked off hurriedly.
“Well, Evelyn, it appears Kulchz’ plan may be to prevent the House or Senate from meeting so they can’t elect a new Speaker of the House or a president pro tempore of the Senate.”
“Yes,” Walters agreed. “It would seem so. Thank you, Bill.”
There was a knock at the door. Aerial froze, wondering if they’d come to arrest her. She turned off the TV, went to the door, and looked through the peephole. She saw Hamilton standing there with two other men, so she opened the door. They all rushed in and locked the door behind them. Hamilton introduced Mo and Special Agent Marvin Snead to her.
“Did you hear Kulchz has taken control of the government?” Aerial asked. “From what I’ve been hearing, what he’s doing is not legal but since there’s no presidential successor right now, he’s taking advantage of the situation.”
“Yes,” Mo said. “The first thing President Rubio did when he took office, other than appointing Kulchz as Secretary of Defense, was shake up the Pentagon.”
“God knows how many Tarizonians are in key positions there now,” Hamilton said.
“He’s sent troops to Capitol Hill to prevent Congress from meeting,” Aerial added.
“Right. With the military behind him and the Fleet out there ready to eliminate anybody who challenges him, it’s going to be tough to depose him.”
“But we’ve got to try,” Aerial said.
“Yes, somebody does,” Mo replied. “Someone with an army like . . . Peter.”
“We need to get word to him.”
“I called him right after we eliminated Rubio, but I haven’t told him about Kulchz. I’ll do that right now.”
Mo pulled a cell phone out of his pocket and dialed a number.
Peter picked up. “Yes.”
“Did you hear Kulchz has seized power?”
“No, but that’s not surprising.”
“He’s sent troops to the Capitol to keep Congress from meeting, too.”
“All right,” Peter said. “I’ll get some troops from ES 52 over there to run them off so Congress can do its job. Can you get word to the congressional leaders to be ready to convene both chambers just as soon as we clear out Kulchz’ troops?”
“Yes,” Mo said. “We’ll get word to them.”
“All right, then. We’re on our way.”
Mo hung up the phone and looked at Hamilton. “We need to contact the Senate whip and the majority leader of the House and let them know what’s going on. If Peter is successful at securing Capitol Hill, the House and Senate need to be ready to meet immediately.”
“Oscar Monroe is the Senate whip. I’ll give him a call,” Hamilton said. “I know him pretty well.”
“Okay, I’ll call the majority leader of the House; that’s Robert Tomlinson, isn’t it?” Mo asked.
“Right.”
Mo and Hamilton got out their cell phones and made the calls. Neither of the men was available right then, and it took many phone calls to finally make contact. Once it was made, Mo and Hamilton met with considerable skepticism. Robert Tomlinson was particularly uncooperative.
“Can you guarantee the safety of the House members if they convene?” he asked.
“Not me personally,” Mo said, “but the special forces unit that is on its way to the Capitol Building will. They’re very capable.”
“What unit is it? Who’s in command?”
“Ah, I’m not sure. All I know is they have assured me they can secure the facility for several hours. That should be enough time to meet and elect a new speaker who then can be sworn in as president.”
“Right, or the entire Congress will get massacred,” Tomlinson said.
“Well, it’s a gamble, I’ll admit, but it may be our only opportunity to stop Kulchz. The longer the government is without a legitimate president the more powerful he will become.”
“Okay. Okay. You’re probably right. I’ll call the clerk and get the ball rolling.”
“Thank you, sir. I’ll call you when the Capitol Building is secure.”


While Red was daydreaming he remembered Threebeard had said something about programming some Earth music into his computer that Red could listen to if he got bored. He turned on his computer and looked for the link. When he found it he saw three buttons: Rock, Jazz, and Classical. He had no clue what those categories meant so he randomly pushed the last one.
The introduction to Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony startled him. He laughed at himself and then sat back and enjoyed an experience that was new and exciting to him. He listened to more classical music and decided he liked Tchaikovsky’s 1812 Overture the best. He figured it would be a great song to play to build up his courage and help him focus before an attack. For hours he listened to all types of music until he got tired and decided to eat and then sleep one last time before his arrival in Earth’s proximity. 
Red slept peacefully until his radio crackled to life. “R3, do you read? R3, do you read?” a familiar voice said.
Red sat up and fumbled for the transmit button. 
“Lorin? Is that you?”
“Oh my God! Yes, it’s me. Thank God and Sandee you’re alive. We didn’t know for sure if you’d escaped Invincible in one piece or not.”
“Yeah, amazingly I did.”
“We’ve been trying to communicate with you for days.”
“Really. I’ve tried you a couple of times but got nothing but static.”
“Oh, I’m so relieved.”
“So, what’s happened since we blew up Invincible?”
“The situation is critical. Earth’s Destiny was able to destroy New Age with its plasma cannon, but because it had to get so close to make the shot it was severely damaged in the process. All of the ship’s plasma cannons were lost.”
“Oh, skutz! So, I need to destroy two attack cruisers?”
“No, just one. Relentless was destroyed, too, thanks to Rossi Sincini. He figured out a way to get some of our fighters aboard her. They unloaded their missiles into the landing bay and that triggered a firestorm within the ship.”
“Holy Sandee. I can’t believe it.”
“Anyway. The situation on Earth is desperate. The Purists have taken control of the U.S. government. One of their stooges has succeeded to the presidency. If Videl’s Revenge is not destroyed we won’t be able to stop them from conquering Earth.”
“What do you want me to do?” Red asked anxiously.
“Earth’s Destiny has been in a vicious battle with Videl’s Revenge for over a kyloon. Their fighters outnumbered ours three to one, yet we were holding our own until a moment ago.”
“What happened?”
“They’ve launched twenty-five fighters at Earth’s Destiny. They’re on a collision course, and it doesn’t appear they’re going to break off. It’s either a mass suicide attack, or the fighters are unmanned and on autopilot. Either way Earth’s Destiny may be destroyed. If that happens and Videl’s Revenge survives, all will be lost.”
“Don’t worry,” Red said. “I’ve been looking forward to ridding the universe of Evohn Cystrom. Program the proper coordinates into my computer and leave it to me. What’s my ETA at the battle?”
“Eighteen loons,” Lorin said.
“All right. Let’s do it.”
Red put the T-73 in stealth mode then sat back as the fighter changed course for a rendezvous with Videl’s Revenge. He thought about Tam and his other friends on Earth’s Destiny. Tears welled in his eyes as he worried that they may already be dead. He stretched and took deep breaths to control his anger and anguish; then he flipped on his recording of the 1812 Overture and prepared himself for his final battle. 


When Mo had ended his call, Hamilton said, “Turn the TV on. I’m sure they’ll be covering the troop deployment.”
Aerial picked up the remote and turned on the TV. The same reporter was talking about recent developments. “We’ve just been told that members of Congress are being called into an emergency session. For more on that let’s go back to Bill Lang on Capitol Hill. Bill?”
“Yes, Evelyn. The clerk of the House and the majority whip of the Senate have just sent out a memo to all members of the House and Senate to convene for an emergency session,” Bill advised.
“Yes, but what about the troops who have the perimeter of the Capitol Building surrounded?”
“That is rather perplexing, Evelyn, but we’ve been told a special ops team is on its way to retake the Capitol Building,” Bill replied.
“Wow! That should be an interesting encounter. Have you seen any sign of this special ops team, Bill?”
“No. But we’ve called in for extra cameras so we won’t miss a thing when this battle begins.”
“Well, I’ve got some breaking news so we’ll get back to you, Bill,” Evelyn reported. “This sounds unbelievable, but one of our engineers, while searching for a satellite feed, has come across an incredible battle apparently taking place just outside the Earth’s atmosphere! We’re going to John Bryant for an explanation and then we’re going to show you this live feed. What’s this all about, John?”
“Apparently, some sort of satellite camera is observing a battle between what appear to be two giant spaceships in orbit just outside the Earth’s atmosphere,” Bryant said.
“Spaceships? Are you sure it’s not somebody’s bad idea of a joke? This is certainly not the time for any such nonsense.”
“I know, Evelyn. I agree, but the images are so extraordinary I think we have a duty to show them, at least until something more develops on Capitol Hill, or we find out that it’s some kind of hoax.”
“All right, then. Ladies and gentlemen, this is live footage from an unidentified camera on a satellite orbiting just outside the Earth’s atmosphere.”
The screen changed to a view of two attack cruisers in a face-off less than a hundred miles apart. Fighters from both ships were on the attack. 
“All right,” Bryant said. “To try to make sense of what we’re seeing, I’m going to call the ship on the left the Red ship. You can see it has a slightly red glow. The other ship I’m going to call the Black ship. The ships actually look identical, but their positions relative to the sun give them a slightly different color from our perspective. 
“Here is what we know. These two ships arrived here just minutes ago. Hundreds of what appear to be fighter craft emerged from each of them and a fierce battle began. You can see the light; we assume they are some kind of laser flashes. Many fighters have already exploded and disappeared. Okay, there goes one of the Black fighters breaking out to attack the Red ship.”
A barrage of missiles shot out from the fighter toward the red ship. They exploded before they reached it. 
“The missiles can’t get through,” Bryant observed. “The big ships seem to have some sort of shield or force field that blocks the missiles. Oh! Look at that, there goes a Red fighter, retaliating.” Missiles shot out from the red fighter. “Oh, my God! Look at that! A direct hit on the Black fighter! . . . Ladies and gentlemen. You don’t see something like that every day. 
“We really don’t know what we are looking at, but whatever it is, it’s obviously real. This is no Hollywood stunt. This is live footage, coming from a point just outside the Earth’s atmosphere. In fact, we’ve got other cameras now pointed in the same direction, and they’re showing the same scene: two large spaceships of some kind, engaged in a fierce battle in near-Earth space, directly above the United States. We don’t know if these ships are alien or belong to governments on Earth, but they are obviously hell-bent on destroying each other.”
“John, could this battle have anything to do with what’s happening down here on Earth?” Walters asked. “It seems a rather extraordinary coincidence that two such dramatic events could be taking place and not be connected.”
“Well—Oh! A cluster of Black fighters are now attacking the Red ship. They’re not firing missiles but seem to be on a collision course. God, they’re going fast. I’d estimate they’ve covered a hundred miles in just a few seconds. Are they going to slow down and fire missiles or peel off? What’s with them? It almost looks like a suicide mission—they’re going to impact any second. Oh, my God! Did you see that? The fighters plowed into the Red ship, and there are a series of tremendous explosions that are lighting up the sky. I’ll bet they can be seen from the ground.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” Bryant said, “twenty or more fighters just collided with the Red  . . . er . . . “battle cruiser,” we’ll call it. The cruiser hasn’t been destroyed but it’s obviously in trouble. One entire side of it has been blown off.
“Oh, my God. Look at the Black cruiser. There’s some kind of yellow lightning striking it. It’s thick and seems to be wrapping itself around the ship. Oh! It’s exploding! The Black cruiser is exploding! Oh, my God!”
Mo, Hamilton, and Aerial looked on anxiously at the battle scene, wondering if anyone on Earth’s Destiny had survived.
“John,” Walters said, “we’ve got action on Capitol Hill. We’re going to switch back to Bill now, across the street from the Capitol Building. Bill, what’s happening?”
“Evelyn, that special ops team has arrived. About a hundred soldiers were flown in by some kind of jet copter that hovered over the mall and dropped them off. Others came in on foot from another direction. It looks like they’re getting ready to confront the troops that are in control. . . .There they go. About a dozen men charging up the steps of the Capitol Building while a dozen more are coming in from the side. What the—?”
When the first Loyalist soldier fired his laser, onlookers gasped as the side of a Purist soldier’s head was blown off. The defenders fired lasers back, and a couple of blasts hit the ground perilously close to the crowd of spectators that had gathered across the street. There were screams of panic as the crowd ran from the battle scene. More lasers were fired and soldiers on both sides fell. 
“What kind of weapons are those?” Evelyn asked.
“Some kind of laser rifle, it looks like,” Lang said. “I didn’t know the army was actually using anything like that.”
“Well, this is a special ops team, so it figures they’d have the latest weaponry.”


Lorin was ecstatic to hear from Red. “Oh, thank God,” she said. “Are you all right?”
“I was until I got to Earth’s Destiny.”
“Oh, no. Don’t give me bad news.”
“I’m standing on board a ghost ship, Lorin. It looks like it got so hot inside that everything was incinerated and then sucked out into space. To look at her, Earth’s Destiny could have been out here a hundred cycles or more. You’d never know twenty kyloons ago it was a fully operational ship.”
“I’m sorry,” Lorin said. “I know you and Tam were close. Everyone aboard was a hero. Tam, Rossi Sincini, Colonel Belmoht—they’ll all be missed terribly.”
Tears welled in Red’s eyes. “I know. I miss them already.”


The TV was focused on the Capitol Building.  Soldiers were massing at its entrance preparing to enter. 
“Okay, it looks like the special ops team is entering the Capitol Building. Wait, watch out!” the reporter  screamed.
Three Purists soldiers ran out from a side door and opened fire on the soldiers ripping them apart with three quick laser bursts.
“Oh, my God! Three of the special ops team are dead, their bodies mutilated. The others have taken cover behind a pillar. Those weapons are ghastly.”
As he watched the TV image, Mo spotted Peter inching around a corner of the Capitol. He stepped out and sliced the three Purists apart with his laser rifle.
“All right!” Bill screamed. “Way to go. Kill the jerks! Who are these soldiers guarding the building anyway, mercenaries? These can’t be Americans, can they?”
“I don’t know,” Evelyn said. “I can’t imagine any American soldier following an order to prevent Congress from meeting.”
“Yet, there they are. Supposedly members of the Maryland National Guard who have been federalized for this operation.”
“Well, some heads will roll when this is all over, don’t you think?”
Bill sighed. “No doubt about it.”
Mo saw Peter enter the Capitol Building along with a dozen other Loyalist troops. More Loyalists were entering through other doors. It was quiet now except for an occasional laser flash that could be seen through the glass doors and the windows. 
“Well, folks,” Walters said. “I don’t know what’s happening inside, but this special ops team seems to know what they’re doing. . . . To summarize, several minutes ago the team arrived and immediately engaged the enemy, who retreated into the building. From the sounds we’ve been hearing, the battle has been raging inside now for about ten minutes. We don’t—wait, someone is coming out.” 
Mo looked intently at the entrance to the Capitol Building and saw Peter step out. He waved both hands in the air triumphantly.
“Someone is waving,” Walters said. “Does it mean the siege is over? I’m not sure but that would appear to be the case.”
Mo watched Peter pull out his cell phone, dial a number, and put it up to his ear. Mo jumped as his cell phone rang. He answered and put it to his ear. “Yes.”
“Okay,” Peter said. “Congress can go about their business now. We’ve flushed out the Purists, and they’ve retreated out the back of the Capitol. We’ll pursue them and make sure they don’t come back.”
“Good. I’ll notify the clerk and the majority whip.” Mo wondered if he should tell Peter about the battle they’d seen on TV. He didn’t want to be the bearer of bad news, but he finally decided he had no choice. “Ah, Peter. We’ve just been watching a battle between two attack cruisers orbiting overhead.”
“What? I thought you were in DC?”
“We are. It was on TV. I don’t know how the networks picked it up, but I’m sure it was Earth’s Destiny and Videl’s Revenge in a final showdown.”
“So, what happened?”
“One was crippled and the other one completely destroyed. We couldn’t tell one from the other at first. About twenty-five fighters just flew into one of them and exploded. It was quite a jolt and the hull looked like it was breached. Then there was an attack on the other cruiser and it was hit by something—an orange bolt of some kind—and exploded.”
“That doesn’t make sense. As I understood it all our plasma cannons were out of commission. I know the Purists didn’t have one, so we must have been able to get one of ours operational to destroy Videl’s Revenge. I hope Tam and everybody on Earth’s Destiny is okay.”
“I don’t know. They got hit pretty hard.”
“How were the TV stations able to broadcast it?” Peter asked.
“I don’t know how they managed to film it or knew to point the satellite camera in the right direction. Someone must have alerted them that a battle was about to take place.”
“Hmm. I’ll call Captain Shilling later and find out exactly what happened. Right now I’m going to the White House, and I’ll take Kulchz into custody the moment the new president is sworn in. His protection will be pulled once there is a legitimate president in office. I think he needs to stand trial on Tarizon for his treason.”
“I agree, but my superiors may not. They may want to prosecute him here. Let me meet you over there and I’ll see if I can convince them to let you have him.”
“If they prosecute him they’ll have to reveal the Tarizon Repopulation Project to the American people. I don’t think they’re going to want to do that.”
“Right. I need to point that out to the right people.”
“Okay,” Peter said. “See you soon.”


Red looked out over the fallen attack cruiser trying to maintain his composure. 
“ES 39 is on its way to pick you up. Just sit tight,” Lorin advised. “It’s all over now, my friend. You and Lora can come home and start a new life. Just hang in there.” 
Red returned to the landing platform and waited for ES 39. When it arrived he loaded his fighter aboard and then watched as the image of Earth’s Destiny grew smaller and smaller as they flew off to rendezvous with ES 52. There, they’d wait to see how events unfolded on Earth. When he finally made it back to ES 52 hours later, Lora was there to greet him. They kissed passionately and then joined a party in progress; the crew was celebrating the end of the Purist Fleet and the demise of Evohn Cystrom and Rupra Bruda. 		


Mo hung up and relayed his conversation with Peter  to Aerial and Hamilton. Aerial didn’t want to go back to the White House, so Mo and Hamilton left without her. When they got there, Hamilton went straight to the Secret Service offices to confer with the chief and Mo went to find Kulchz. He located the acting President in the Situation Room. His guards blocked Mo’s entrance, but Kulchz waved them off. 
Kulchz smiled grimly. “We’re old friends. Let him in.”
The guards backed off.
“So, I guess you heard about Videl’s Revenge?” Mo said, taking a seat across the big conference table from him.
Kulchz nodded dejectedly. “How do you lose six attack cruisers? I’ve never heard of such incompetence. Videl Lai would have never let this happen.”
“Probably not. As I understand it, Cystrom had his father’s ambition, but not his talent for getting what he wanted.”
“He was soft. He didn’t have to fight to make it to the top like Videl did, but I thought with Rupra Bruda’s guidance, he’d be okay.”
“You didn’t put up much of a fight at the Capitol Building,” Mo observed.
“What was the point? Without at least one attack cruiser to back me up, the American military would have eventually turned on me. It was all over when President Rubio was murdered. They would have followed him.”
“Sorry about that, but we just couldn’t let you have Earth for your sick social experiments.”
“What would you have done if Aerial Muri hadn’t shown up to play assassin?”
“I’m not sure, but we’d have found a way to kill Rubio.”
“Is it true she’s part seafolken?”
“Yes. Can you believe Videl never figured that out?”
Kulchz shook his head. “She’s a very cunning woman. Everyone thought she was his sex slave, when all along she was manipulating him and probably every other man she came in contact with. It’s pretty ironic that she ended up being the Purists’ downfall.”
Mo nodded. “So, Peter wants to take you back to Tarizon to be tried.”
“No! I’m not going to be humiliated before the people of Tarizon. OCE wasn’t my doing. I was only a soldier in the service of Tarizon. I will not pay for Videl’s war crimes.”
“What choice do you have? As soon as the new president is sworn in your power will evaporate. The Purist troops are already on the run now that Videl’s Revenge has been destroyed.”
The door opened and Hamilton stepped in. “The House has elected a new speaker,” he said. “He’s being sworn in as president as we speak. I’ve been ordered to turn you over to Commander General Leek Lanzia for extradition to Tarizon.”
Kulchz banged his fist hard on the table. “No! I will not go to Tarizon,” he said as he stood up and pulled a revolver out from his waistband. 
Mo raised his hands. “No, Commander, put that away. You don’t want to do that.”
“I have no other choice,” Kulchz said, raising the gun to his head. “I’m a man of honor. I will not be humiliated!”
Mo grabbed Kulchz’ arm and tried to pull the gun away from his head, but Kulchz was too strong. He pulled the trigger. 
Mo let loose and jumped back as blood splattered his face. Kulchz collapsed face down on the table. Hamilton rushed over and took away the gun. He felt for a pulse. 
“He’s dead,” Hamilton announced.
Other agents came rushing in and froze when they saw the lifeless body hunched over the conference table. 
“We have a new president!” someone yelled. Mo heard clapping and laughter. The agents began shaking hands and slapping each other on the back. Mo smiled and breathed a sigh of relief. The nightmare was finally over, he thought, and somehow America had survived. But what was even more remarkable was that the American people still didn’t know that aliens existed and were living amongst them. Everything that had happened would be attributed to the IJA and Tarizon would never be mentioned. He shook his head and headed for the restroom to clean the blood off his face.

Chapter 40
Confession
Before they returned to Tarizon, Peter wanted his mother to meet Lucinda and the baby. Captain Shilling was also anxious to meet Rebekah, so before they returned to space, they landed ES 26 one last time at Cactus Island. Jodie had driven Reggie, Mark, Marcia, and Rebekah to a secluded spot in the state park at Possum Kingdom Lake to meet them. They were in Peter’s enhanced Mercury Grand Marquis, which Jodie had fallen in love with. In fact, she had already gotten two speeding tickets while driving it—one for $895 for going 95 mph. A small transport craft had landed beside the lake. Peter and Captain Shilling were standing beside it.
When Rebekah got out of the car, Peter rushed over to her and hugged her tightly.
“Oh, Peter, my baby!” Rebekah sobbed. “I can’t believe it’s you.”
Peter laughed. “It’s me, all right, Mom. And this is Lucinda.”
“Hi, Lucinda,” Rebekah said, giving her a hug. I’m so glad to meet you.”
“Yes, me too. Your son talks about you constantly.” Lucinda smiled and added, “You’ve been tough competition.”
“Really,” Rebekah laughed, but now her eyes were focused on the baby. “And this must be Tokin.”
“Yes, he looks like his father, doesn’t he?”
Rebekah gave Tokin a searching look. “Yes, but I see some of his mother, too. It’s a good combination.”
“I’m so sorry we can’t stay,” Lucinda said, “but our Chancellor has ordered everyone from Tarizon to leave Earth immediately. Apparently the new President was ready to have the FBI start arresting anyone discovered to be from Tarizon immediately, but Stan and Mo convinced him to give us forty-eight hours to leave.”
“I know. I so wish you could stay for a while; but at least I’ve been able to see my son again, and to meet you and Tokin. Can I hold him for a moment?”
Lucinda smiled and handed Tokin to Rebekah. Rebekah held him up close, tears rolling down her cheeks. “Take good care of Peter and my grandson, Lucinda.”
“We’ll take care of each other,” Peter said. “And Mom, somehow we’ll make it back here to see you again. I promise.”
“I hope so,” Rebekah said.
“Can I hold him?” Marcia asked.
Rebekah smiled and handed Tokin to Marcia. Mark and Reggie immediately crowded around to get a good look at him. They visited for another half hour, and then Captain Shilling advised them it was time to go. Peter hugged Marcia and his mother and shook Reggie’s and Mark’s hands. 
“I’ve missed all of you,” Peter said. “Take care of Mom and Dad until I see you again.”
“We will,” Marcia said, starting to cry. Peter hugged her again.
“Don’t try to watch the ship leaving Cactus Island or the blue light will cause you to lose your memory of meeting Tokin and Lucinda.”
“We won’t,” Jodie assured him. “We’ll leave when you do.”
Peter nodded and waved goodbye, and then he and Captain Shilling boarded the transport to go back to the ship. Once they were aboard, they set a course for rendezvous with ES 52, which waited in orbit just outside Earth’s atmosphere.
When they arrived, a victory party was in progress. Captain Shilling and the other shuttle captains had agreed a party was in order before they embarked on the long journey home.
As Peter stepped aboard ES 52 he heard a familiar voice call his name. 
“Leek!” Red shouted and sprinted up to him.
“I thought you were dead, you little skutz,” Leek teased.
“We had to make everyone think that I was dead for the plan to work,” Red apologized.
“Hey. It worked, so how can anyone complain? I just wish Tam and his crew had survived. If they’d known that you were alive it might have changed their strategy. They may not have taken the risk of going one-on-one with Videl’s Revenge.”
“Perhaps not, but then they wouldn’t have gone after New Age and Relentless either, and Kulchz might still have a stranglehold on Washington.”
Leek nodded. “You’re right. It’s impossible to know what would have happened had Threebeard not intervened with his brilliant maneuver.”
“Speaking of Threebeard. I’m supposed to gather everyone in the officers’ conference room for a video meeting with Lorin and the command staff.”
“Oh, right. Well, let’s get it over with so we can join the party.”
Red led Leek to the conference room, where Aerial Muri, Captain Shilling, Captain Sparten, Lt. Lakee, Captain Reeling, Lt. Lei, and Lt. Marz were waiting. The big monitor was just blinking to life as they walked in. Lorin Boskie looked out at them, smiling.
“Can you hear me?” the Chancellor asked.
“Yes, loud and clear,” Captain Shilling said. “I’m so glad we have a link today so we can give you our final report from Earth.”
“Yes,” Lorin said. “I’ve got Defense Minister Threebeard, Colonel Tomel, General Zitor, Ruffe Marcuzzi, General Lugman, General Quirken, Commander Sillmar, and too many others to mention standing by for the report.”
“All right, then,” Captain Shilling said. “First, we would like to report that the threat to Earth has been eliminated. Both Senator Rubio and Commander Kulchz are dead, and a new President has assumed office in Washington. He is currently in the process of rounding up the insurgents and segregating them from the population, where they will not be a threat.”
“That’s excellent news,” Lorin said.
“Of course, the pivotal battle occurred just a few days ago between Earth’s Destiny and Videl’s Revenge. Regretfully, neither Earth’s Destiny nor any of its crew survived that battle. We lost a lot of good patriots that day, including Commander General Tamurus Lavendar.”
“Yes, we saw the video feed of the battle,” Lorin said sadly.
“Say, how did that video feed make it down to Earth?” Leek asked.
“Ah, well, that was my doing,” Threebeard replied. “I thought it only fitting that the people of Earth should see perhaps the most important battle in the history of their world. I knew they wouldn’t understand it now, but in time their historians would figure out its significance.”
“So, you had a spy in Videl Lai’s bed all this time and didn’t tell us about it.”
“No, for her safety I thought it best that I keep it to myself.”
“A wise decision. Without her timely appearance I don’t know what would have happened.”
“Well, I actually told her to stay on Clarion after she left Earth’s Destiny’s computers powered up and hatches unlocked for Rossi Sincini and his men.”
Leek smiled at Aerial. “Fortunately, she didn’t listen and stay at her post.”
“So, what other secrets have you not told us?” Captain Shilling asked. “It’s time to confess them all now, Minister.”
“Are you sure you want to know the truth?” Threebeard asked. “You may not like it.”
Everyone on ES 52 looked at each other around the table, contemplating whether they should leave well enough alone or find out what secrets Threebeard still had buried deep down in his remarkable mind. 
Leek himself felt conflicted. He was satisfied with how things had turned out but still longed to know the entire truth. 
“Well, as for me, I’d like to know all your secrets,” Leek said.
Captain Shilling nodded. “Me too. Good or bad. Let’s hear it.”
Threebeard nodded. “All right. This is my last confession. Listen to it at your own peril. Several cycles after the great eruptions, when Tarizon was in chaos, Rupra Bruda formed the Purist Party to gather support for his belief that extermination of the mutant population was the only way Tarizon could survive. Videl Lai joined him early on, and together they plotted the overthrow of the government and the repudiation of the Supreme Mandate at all costs.
“I soon came to the realization that such an unscrupulous and unprincipled group like the Purists would be nearly impossible to stop, as they would employ all measure of trickery, subterfuge, and murder to get what they wanted. I feared that once in power they’d rule Tarizon with an iron fist and it would be nearly impossible to depose them.”
“So, at that point I did two things. I helped start a secret alliance among the mutants, the nanomites, and the seafolken. Later on we joined forces with Chancellor Garcia and General Zitor to form the Loyalists. But I knew we needed more, something that would give the people hope and let them know God was on their side. This was about the time the Tarizon Repopulation Project was just starting, and that gave me an idea. 
“So . . . I wrote a Prophecy about an Earthchild coming to Tarizon to lead a revolt against a tyrant who had enslaved the population. Then I planted copies of it in various locations around Tarizon so it would be discovered and widely reported.”
There were gasps of astonishment from everyone. Threebeard smiled. “Yes, it’s true. I did it. I did it because I knew that prophecies are often self-fulfilling and I hoped that this one would also come true because the people believed it so strongly. Then, when the day came for the moons to align, as predicted in the Prophecy, I had to find a candidate to be the Prophecy’s Liberator. Earth Shuttle 21 was coming in that day, so I searched the passenger manifest for a likely candidate. Peter Turner, I discovered, was the obvious choice, so I alerted my fellow mutants, the nanomites, the seafolken, and also the rhutz, an intelligent and telepathic species whom I hoped would play an important role in the Prophecy’s fulfillment, that the Liberator had indeed arrived on Tarizon. You all know the rest of the story.”
Captain Shilling and Red smiled knowingly. Leek sat, dazed by the revelation. Lorin just shook her head in disbelief. 
“Well, I can’t say I’m shocked,” she finally said. “I don’t think I ever really believed in the Prophecy, but I did come to believe in Peter Turner.”
Everyone looked at Leek. He shrugged. “Hey, I tried to tell you I wasn’t the Liberator.”
Everyone laughed and then Red stood up. “Okay, okay. Where’s this party I was promised?”
Lorin smiled. “Yes, go celebrate, for this is a great day for both Earth and Tarizon. We’ll all be anxiously awaiting your return. Until then, may God and Sandee be with you all!”


Also By William Manchee

The Stan Turner Mysteries

Undaunted
Disillusioned
Brash Endeavor
Second Chair
Cash Call
Black Monday
Deadly Distractions
Cactus Island
Act Normal
Deadly Defiance
Deadly Dining

The Rich Coleman Novels

Death Pact
Plastic God
Unconscionable

Suspense Novels

Uncommon Thief
The Prime Minister’s Daughter


The Tarizon Trilogy

Tarizon: The Liberator
Tarizon: Civil War
Tarizon: Conquest Earth
Tarizon: Shroud of Doom
Tarizon: Desert Swarm

Non-Fiction

Go Broke, Die Rich
