
In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy book 3
Technophobia
Liam Gibbs


If you purchased this book without a cover, you should be aware that this book was not picked fresh from the book tree and has been artificially preripened. Books such as those not purchased in your local book store might not always be as fresh as you think. You can tell a ripe book by its texture: if the surface is smooth, not bumpy or wrinkled, that means the book is ready for reading. Also, the smart consumer checks the smell: if the book smells like fine paper, it's juicy and plot rich. But if the book smells like old pulp, its cultural relevance has expired. Finally, knock your knuckles against the book's spine. A good, ready-to-read book will feel firm, but an old book past its prime will yield.
For more book tips and recipes, please visit inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com.


IN A GALAXY FAR, FAR AWRY book 3: TECHNOPHOBIA
Copyright (c) 2016 Liam Gibbs
All rights reserved.

Cover picture: Stanislav Leonov.
Cover art colors: Gleb Melnikov.
Cover concept and design: Liam Gibbs.
Under Cover by Ozzy Osbourne.

This book, or parts thereof, may not be reproduced in any form without permission. Because cloning is wrong. I've seen the dystopian movies. Cloning leads to messy shenanigans. Trust me on this.

This book is a work of fiction. It's not even inspired by true events. Some would say it's not even inspired. Names, characters, businesses, organizations, places, events, incidents, turkeys, fan clubs, businesses, and repetitive list items are used super-duper fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead or somewhere in between, events, locales, or horrible industrial accidents is entirely coincidental. Believe me, you don't want to live in a world where this stuff can happen.

ISBN 13: 978-0995964969
First printing: June 2016

{ PLOT DEVICE PUBLISHING }
Table of Contents May Contain Spoilers (But It Doesn't)
At the Front
Other Books in the Series
Dedication
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Book 3: Technophobia
Chapter One: Squeezing Water from a Stone
Chapter Two: Where Wisdom Comes to Die
Chapter Three: Enter: the Ninja
Chapter Four: Should Have Ordered That Backup Generator
Chapter Five: Crock-a-Doodle-Doo!
Chapter Six: The Inner Child Who Wanted to See How an Active Lawnmower Blade Tasted
Chapter Seven: Unnatural Love
Chapter Eight: The Airfoil Came a Little Too Late
Chapter Nine: When You Realize That Slight Tickling in Your Ribs Is Cancer
Chapter Ten: That Sweet Feeling of Imminent Death
Chapter Eleven: Inanity Squared
Chapter Twelve: Ain't We Got Fun
Chapter Thirteen: It Was Better Coming Up than Going Down
Chapter Fourteen: The Man Has a Passion
Chapter Fifteen: Hidden in the Sweaty Underarms of Flapping Flesh
Chapter Sixteen: But Is It Art?
Chapter Seventeen: Alarm Clocks and Bicycle Wheels
Chapter Eighteen: The Willful Destruction of Company Property
Chapter Nineteen: A Little Throw for the Show
Chapter Twenty: As Mature as Four Grown Men Involved in a Company-Lot Fistfight
Chapter Twenty-One: Half-Informed Imagery
Chapter Twenty-Two: Sacrifice
Chapter Twenty-Three: Bad Financial Planning
Chapter Twenty-Four: The Long, Drunken Journey Back Home
At the Back
Book 4, Chapter One: The Pajama Party for Your Preapocalypse Warmup
Appendix: Station One Newsletter
Appendix: In a Letter Column Far, Far AwRy
About Your Jibber-Jabberer
Connect with the Series
Available on the Author's Super-Awesome Site
This stupendous, amazing, spectacular, not-at-all-overhyped comedy/science-fiction series can be found in the following parts:

Book 1: Serial Fiction Sideshow
Book 2: Home Sweet Home Invasion
Book 3: Technophobia
Book 4: Armageddon Trigger Finger
Book 5: The Genetic Equation
Book 6: Power Tool
Book 7: The Lesser of Two Egos
Book 8: Untitled of Attitude Adjustments
Book 9: Those We Left Behind
Book 10: Metaphor for Life
Book 11: Oh, Crock, Here Comes a Meteor!
Book 12: His Kingdom Come
Book 13: A Wolf in Sheep's Armor
Book 14: Man Versus Machine Part 1 of 1
Book 15: Our New Hiring Policy
Book 16: Life like Broken Glass
Book 17: The Church of Steeple
Book 18: Blood Bunny
Book 19: Disease of Behavior
Book 20: The Paper Tiger's Yardstick
Book 21: This One Has a Dancing Gibbon
Book 22: My Brother's Captor
Book 23: Marching Orders
Book 24: To Wake the Deactivated
Book 0: The Story So Far Vol. 1

Please visit the In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy site for all these free e-books and more information.

Other Word Bricks
Maybe check out these other things 'cause they're superfine too!
Three Flash Fictions, available upon request from the author
Horrible things about your family, available on public record
Dedicated to...
…my unbiological brother, Andrew. Whatever you're doing in the forest when nobody can reach you is a mystery, but make sure all bodies remain buried. You never know what a wolf might dig up.
Acknowledgements
Here we are on round three of the series, and things are going strong. This series is like a cake: I might have written the recipe, but others helped ice and bake it. A lot of work has been poured into this cake and there are people I'd like to spotlight who have contributed with the baking: a dash of editing, a sprinkle of advertising, a cup of helping me free up time to get this book finished, and a dollop over the head for overusing a cake metaphor.
Bake for 50 minutes or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean. Let cool for 1 hour and serve.
And away we go with a high-five to...
...Matt Levesque. Once again, dude, thanks for going through this, dissecting every word arrangement and idea, and helping assemble my disjointed thoughts into something legible. Or as legible as can be, given the writer.
...Steve Baptistia. The man/robot with the eidetic memory. When AI technology catches up with you, I'll still be convinced computer memory won't work as competently as yours does.
...Mark Nadon. The military man with the military experience to militarily tell me what I'm militarily messing up. If it weren't for you, this series would be filled with 40 or 50 percent more inaccuracies than it is now.
...LeAnh Gibbs, my wife and cohort. Thanks for taking the kids every time I'm booked at an event or need to get work done. You get the Tireless Mother of the Year Award every month. Yes, an annual award every month. That's dedication and a manipulation of the laws of time.
...Andrew MacLellan. You're probably responsible for most of the sense of humor I crammed into my brain that Seinfeld didn't already have crammed in there. I seriously miss our Ottawa adventures. We can't talk much these days, but when we do, it's like you never left.
...Bernie Pallek. Every time—every time—I need help at an expo or with any legwork, you're there, no questions asked. You'll regret that policy if I ever start robbing banks.
...Marie Ouelette and Colin Atterbury. For the advice, for the get-up-and-go support, for the enthusiasm, for the LOLs.
...my grandfather, William Gibbs. You know what you helped unleash upon this world. The world probably deserved it, but still, you made me the writer I am.
...God. Without you, a lot of stuff wouldn't exist.
...planet Earth. Thanks for letting me steal your trees. They make fine printing material.
Should I have spelled LOLs with a z? I should have spelled LOLs with a z.
Prologue
At this stage of the game, you readers who've been with me before know how this works: the series is a reboot, this narrative is much better, and the stories will keep coming and coming as long as you guys keep loving and loving them and as long as I keep writing and writing them. Which, from the looks of things, isn't going to end very soon. Thank you. You're amazing. Especially you in the back with the nice smile.
This time around, let's talk about the business part of this whole soiree. The business part is both the best and worst parts of the writing process. Everyone says, "Love what you do." There are few truer statements. ("Breathe through the pain" is truer, I've come to realize after a few gym mishaps.)
But there's a caveat to that love-what-you-do statement: "There will come parts you dread." There are two such parts. One is the money management.
You see, during my twenty-five year "preparatory" period (we'll call it that), I wrote with no purpose other than to have fun and to accomplish things I've never before accomplished, which are fine purposes. But when I decided to bring this series public, I soon realized the toil that came with managing the business side of writing. Because, when you get into the publishing gig, the finances of your writing are now overseen by the government. They want to know what you're doing, how you're managing money, how you abide by laws, et cetera. And so you have to treat your endeavor no longer as a hobby but as a business venture. Gasp. There are rules to follow and gasps to gasp. Extra skills to practice, extra aspects to learn, extra hours to keep track of receipts and expenditures. Spreadsheets help. So do financial advisors. But, really, the onus is on the business owner.
It's at this point when you realize the horror of how quickly your business expenditures climb. Dealing with that reality is tough. When you're forced to quantify your money, you realize how tight that business belt has to squeeze.
That's one of the worst parts. And, you know what? It really ain't that bad.
Now, the best part? Here's the good news. Literally everything else. Literally. The writing, the fun part of editing, the expos, the bonds you form at those expos. Everything else. And the good news is that the best part erases the worst parts. The worst parts becomes overshadowed. You develop an emotional callus against them. You're immune.
In any labor of love—business, childrearing, love itself—you don't even notice the worst parts. You don't even realize they are the worst parts.
Despite the worst parts, I do what I love. It's not my day job, but it's a job, and it's a good job. (If you must know, in my day job, I'm an office worker at the aforementioned government, which ain't half bad, really.)
To top it off, the expos—which are really just times when I haul books, advertising signs, tablecloths, tables, posters, T-shirts, and all that jazz off to convention centers, sometimes in different cities, to scrape out a tiny profit if I'm lucky—are a blast. I get to meet my audience. I get to shake hands, take pictures with people, hear what the masses like and don't like, see familiar faces, and check out downright amazing costumes. Where else can you do that? Not in a cubicle.
You also get to meet some of these expo regulars, form bonds, get to know your competition, which turns out to be support, not competition. I've met amazing people. Expo regulars, really. And I couldn't have done it—read that cliché again—couldn't have done it without my cohort, Bernie.
Seriously, there's a community at these things. And you get to know the expo regulars, both exhibitors and buyers, most by name. All these people make the whole endeavor worthwhile. This is the Community, capital c.
Earlier, I mentioned there are two worst parts about this, and the astute among you have noticed I only covered one. The other worst part? The marketing. It's all on you. There's no big publishing house backing you (unless you're lucky enough to get in with one). Expos, book signings, appearances...they're all part of marketing. The other worst part is actually part of the best part. I have nothing but awesome things to say about those parts. The marketing is one of the best parts too. It's a double agent.
You get in to this thing not expecting the incredible, almost insurmountable overload of work, detail, and sweat that goes into the business end of a "hobby." But...meh. It's nothing. You do what you love. And you love the worst parts because they're really the best parts, too. Trust me.
I said in the first book that the first million words don't count. That sounds discouraging. But look what's waiting for you at word number 1,000,001.
So why am I still blabbering? 'Cause I love chatting with you. Hit me up online. But for now...get to the story!
Liam, out.



Standard booth at an expo. I'm one of the little brothers at these events, so I typically don't take up much space. This booth may not seem like a huge deal now, but I'll be a big boy soon. Once I get a few more books out, I'll need more space.

In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy book 3
Technophobia

Chapter One: Squeezing Water from a Stone
November 3, 9109, 7:13 a.m. (Galactic Standard Time).
"You're dead," Legion heard Schizophrenic's left head, Lefty, say. "All of you. I'm not afraid of you slobber punks. Heh. My idiot 'friends' are going to slaughter every one of you."
Legion's antennae twisted to the staticky sound of the prisoner, the two-headed Schizophrenic, rapping on the transparent shield screen that divided him from the three Good Guys. The screen made his voice echo in the cell. Pertinent data on him scrawled across the screen, consistently switching through a variety of subjects: vital signs, rap sheet, kinesics, body composition, sleep schedule, and favorite breed of mule.
"I don't cares, just gimme the skinny!" Power Plant vaulted from his stool and slammed an open palm into the shield screen. He stumbled cheek-first with uncontrolled momentum, and blue spiders of electricity crackled around the screen where he made contact. And what had Lefty said? Everything had gotten mixed in with "idiot friends."
Power Plant staggered back, the scent of burned fabric wafting from his sleeve and the bandage around his healing shoulder blade. "Ow. That thing taste like an ogre's squeegee." However an ogre's squeegee tasted, Legion wanted never to know.
"Oh, for—" Franchise, the other half of the two-man interrogation crew that produced the same results as a mako shark delivering a sermon, grabbed Power Plant's shoulder and peeled him back. "Smashing into a shield screen is not how you question a prisoner. Every prisoner has an in, and you have to figure out what that in is. Crock, why am I telling you? You still have trouble with the microwave."
"Hey, I can figures out the microwave plenny fine. Cook, kitchen timer, power level. It ain't hard to makes cereal, ya know."
At the Good Guys' space station, Station One, these three Good Guys and their prisoner occupied the small cellblock. Steel walls divided the holding cells from one another. Humming shield screens separated those cells from the main area, prisoners from their captors. Yes, only three holding cells. Evidently, the Good Guys' parent organization, Intergalactic Protection, followed the creed "Shoot first and ask questions later." That still sounded better than Kamikaze's creed: "Shoot ourselves first and what was the rest?"
Legion tapped MUTE on a nearby console so the shield screen wouldn't transmit sound to Schizophrenic. "Guys, please calm down and take this interrogation seriously." He felt like slapping them both. A few times. "This is our one opportunity to get the drop on Lowensland and the Bad Guys at their station. Any information we can squeeze out of Schizophrenic might make the difference between a win and a loss." He unmuted the screen.
They needed inside information on Lowensland's operations. That concern dug into Legion's heart like a jackhammer. Yesterday, he had attempted to coax even the smallest secret from Schizophrenic's steel-trap heads, but he'd had no luck: Lefty resisted cooperation to the highest degree, and Righty said he would talk only for a Popsicle. The one time the Good Guys had run out of Popsicles.
So call it a final stab, but Power Plant and Franchise now interrogated Schizophrenic simply because they had asked to do so. It had sounded like a harmless idea. After all, the continued survival of the galaxy might depend on Schizophrenic's knowledge. Now, more and more, Legion doubted the effectiveness of this interrogation, especially when he considered Power Plant's questions: What was the color of Schizophrenic's blood? And could he tell them how to iron the wrinkles out of old people's bellybuttons? These marked the apex of penetrating inquiries from Power Plant and Franchise, interrogation team extraordinaire.
"I'm telling you. Once they get here, you're dead." Lefty's tongue slithered out between his teeth.
Wait, did he use the word dead? Legion couldn't hear with Power Plant blaring over Lefty, "Jakey, ask him where's Master Asinine buys his pajamas. Ya think his blood's like acid stuff, like blood of a alien space invasioner? Can it melts through steel?"
"Yeah, sure it can. Why not?" Lefty spat a laugh at Legion. "Do you actually think these two pissing bung suckers have enough brains to question me?"
Legion shrugged halfheartedly. "It was almost worth a shot."
Genuine heroes such as Colonel Patton—or, since his promotion to Intergalactic Protection's Good Guy supervisor, Brigadier General Patton—would have interrogated this prisoner into free-flowing tears in minutes. By now, the Good Guys would have been swimming in information on Lowensland, the pajama-buying Master Asinine in question. Power Plant and Franchise had, by contrast, taken twenty minutes to attempt extracting anything, and that extraction had come as a demand that screamed, "Gimme the skinny!" These two questioned prisoners with the success of a deaf man learning French from an audiochip.
At their hijinks, Schizophrenic's heads both sneered (Lefty) and clapped giddily (Righty). Lefty almost snickered—almost, as if he would display even a scrap of joy. Righty chirped for more, clearly still high from the sugar in the chocolate éclair he had engulfed. Or from the previous nine. In many ways, he resembled Power Plant. Which reminded Legion to ask him, "Do you need to potty before you wet the prisoner bed? Again?"
A chill swept past Legion. He preferred heat, but a chilly cellblock usually unsettled prisoners, helped to pry out that crucial, survival-dependent information. Same with that unintentional musty odor in the room. Neither of these unsettled Schizophrenic. Righty had even asked to see polar bears bouncing on beach balls. This was not a circus.
"Oh! Oh! Oh, oh! Oh!" Power Plant's arm bolted up with a hand flapping from his skinny wrist. He dropped it. "Lesse if he balance a stack o' chairs on his snout. Or a stack o' missiles!" Legion groaned at the suggestion. Maybe this was a circus
Lefty scowled at Power Plant. "They're on their way right now. First they'll kill you. Then they'll kill whichever of your parents let you live."
"Both, but neithers was very good at it."
Legion leaned forward. "Did you just say Power Plant's parents are on their way?"
Franchise turned from Schizophrenic, cracking his knuckles. He wore a salesman's smile. "Legion, you can't question a prisoner like that. You have to work your way up to the real questions. Schmooze. Ask him how his day went. You know: be slick, be smooth." He smiled at Schizophrenic and leaned on a wall with an elbow, his palm against his temple. "You having a good day so far? You all right? Want the lights dimmed? Some quiet music? A shoulder to cry on? Hey, I'm here for you." He eased a hand onto the shield screen. The screen shocked him in response, so he yanked his hand away. Legion never, ever, ever wanted to see him do that act again.
The odor of Power Plant's sizzled impact shirt still singed the air like moldy cotton. "I thinks he talk if he maybe eat some more brains," he said.
"I'd keep that in mind if he were part of the living dead." Legion checked his watch. He had to meet those investors soon.
Though Legion had taken up Intergalactic Protection's offer to extend their medical plan to the Good Guys, he had declined IP's umbrella funding plan that would have made Letchtech the Good Guys' main sponsor. Wanting their dangerous latent technology far away from this space station, he instead had opted for the investors he would soon meet. Neither Letchtech nor its computer-stored l-tech belonged on this station, aside from l-clothes, which some Good Guys needed to use their inborn special abilities, their hyperabilities. L-tech, whether from Letchtech or any other manufacturer, was dangerous garbage, and Legion couldn't understand how it had become mainstream technology. Letchtech responded to Legion's refusal by pressuring IP into withdrawing offensive support from the Good Guys after the Bad Guys' space station was located. Without IP's help, the Good Guys couldn't attack the Bad Guys, who sat exposed. An assault now would be perfect, though, since the Good Guys' attack on Lowensland's new headquarters a few days ago had left him shorthanded on generics, the no-name henchmen he employed.
Station One had a haunt control, voice-recognition software that enacted a user's verbal commands—so named because it made the location in which it was installed seem haunted. So when Legion had realized he'd be late to meet the visiting investors, he told the haunt control to summon the closest available Good Guy to greet them in the station's reception lobby. The haunt control had chosen Kamikaze, their suicidal madman and least likely ambassador. Because he could autoresurrect, Kamikaze loved death and pain. He didn't understand that others didn't have his hyperability, so he strung everyone else along in his thrill seeking. Legion should have thought before commanding the haunt control to pick any Good Guy.
"Guys, not to rush your marginally effective method of questioning, but we have investors arriving right now, and I need to greet them, get their money, get rid of them, and get back here so I can wheedle anything—anything—out of Schizophrenic. And, Power Plant, did IP seriously schedule a parents' day on Station One?"
Power Plant jerked his head at Legion. "Why does we needs investors, anyway?"
Lefty snorted. "To hire better interrogators than you two idiot-level morons with your second-grade grammar." He had grown mouthier since Legion had confiscated his toothpicks.
"Unless things have changed since you asked me that exact question all of five minutes ago, it's because our funds are nonexistent right now," Legion said. "And the fact that you two are our prisoner interrogators is testimony to our need for more funds. Plus, what he said except a lot nicer. Anyway, finding an investor is better than finding a sponsor. No bothersome ads every ten seconds or logos to sew onto our media outfits. And, Power Plant, stop tapping the shield screen. Schizophrenic isn't a fish."
Power Plant still tapped. "Wouldja maybe thinks drawing him a pictures of a robot on fire might help?"
This was a test. Alaphus, in all His godly wisdom, was testing Legion. To build his character. And on this test, Legion expected an F. "No, drawing him a robot on fire won't help. Or the thundermammal on fire you mentioned or, my least favorite, the explosion on fire. But if you do draw one, our prisoner would have something to pin to the wall of his cell. Or to your neck."
He placed an elbow on the stony wall and rubbed his forehead. The wad in his pocket folded like a knuckle against his left buttock. The sleep-inducing knockout glove he had confiscated from Schizophrenic. He had never seen their prisoner use the glove. He assumed Lefty preferred beating adversaries into paste over putting them to sleep. Righty probably preferred dressing them in troll costumes.
Franchise began pacing, his expression telling Legion he was pretending to think. He even curled a hand around his chin. Good show. "Okay, we have a two-headed prisoner, and we can't even pop out the first juicy secret. He's just like our candy machine. And, just like with the candy machine, this calls for the bad Good Guy, worse Good Guy routine."
Legion stood straight. "Is that why our candy machine is broken?"
"Quit holding out on us, or we'll send you back to your cave without supper, you doubleheader!" With a face like blood on fire (Power Plant's obsession was affecting Legion), Franchise whirled around and glared at Schizophrenic. "We have ways of making you talk, and we're close to figuring out what those ways are."
Schizophrenic sprang at the shield screen and slammed both palms against it. It snapped at him, but he didn't react. "For the sixtieth crocking time, I don't live in a cave!"
Power Plant slashed a finger at him. "So ya admits to livin' in a jungle outhouse guarded by jackrabbit-elephants mush-ups. Answer now or face a fistfuls o' hurled Legion!" He grabbed Legion by the collar.
"Hey!" Legion wrestled free.
"Will you chumps listen? My buddies are coming for me." Lefty spoke as calmly as if ordering dinner. The kinesics readout on the shield screen agreed: his body language said he felt a high level of comfortability. "We don't take kindly to one of our own as a prisoner of war—especially not me, our head of security. When Asinine shows up, he's going to kill the most diabolical of you first. That means you two, and I'll laugh and point you out so he knows whose eye sockets to grind their heels into. People think he's an idiot. He is. But that collection of lost marbles at least has the sense to rescue one of his own. He doesn't have to be a genius."
Chapter Two: Where Wisdom Comes to Die
"I—AM—A—GENIUS!"
At the railing of a third-story balcony, Master Asinine overlooked the crowd of generics in the parking lot that sat thirty feet below with lampposts spotlighting it so no one stole any hubcaps off the transports. Asinine had summoned the crowd to announce his newest invention, one that would commence the Good Guys' final undoing. He loved undoing things. His bootlaces especially. They presented an exciting challenge.
Out here in the cool breeze, he addressed the crowd through an l-microphone that he'd rigged to explode upon hearing the proper command word, which he'd forgotten. His poise displayed the triumph of one whose ovaries were mighty and whose fishnets harnessed the raw kicking power of tadpoles.
The balcony overlooked the space station's metal-covered main street. He had a thing for metal because metal meant technology, and technology meant cool, and cool meant more cool, and everyone knew cool reproduced asexually. The balcony's checkerboard pattern of red and green tiles prepared it for that sneaky Boxing Day holiday and its merciless shopping season. Metal railings, colored an ominous white, bordered the balcony. Gray stripes streaked the balcony at weird angles. Wait. Those were the railing's shadows.
Asinine loomed over his generics. Last week's confrontation with the Good Guys had reduced his generics to scant pickings. The crowd below consisted of the nearly three hundred who remained and some cardboard cutouts he'd placed among them to make them look more numerous.
Apart from the dying echo of his imperial declaration, serene silence dominated. So he bludgeoned that silence. "I SAY AGAIN: I AM A GENIUS. AND WHY MUST I TELL YOU THIS? BECAUSE I AM IN CHARGE, AND YOU ARE MY LOWLY HENCHMEN, FOR YOU ARE STUPID AND I AM INEFFECTUAL."
"Psst, sir." From behind, the Bad Guys' second-in-command, Lieutenant IQ 23, bumped past Braindead to whisper in Asinine's ear, "The word is intellectual." The giant question marks attached to his helmet's temples wiggled on their springs.
"Mere synonyms, Lieutenant," Master Asinine said out of the side of his mouth. He swept a hand over the observing heads of his generics in the crowd that spanned miles. Well, feet, anyway. "NOTE ALSO THAT I AM THE SELF-APPOINTED KING OF TARTAR, AND THEREFORE ALL MUST TREMBLE BEFORE MY FINE COMPLEMENT TO SALMON. IF NOT, I WILL CRY."
"Give us back our dinner privileges, you colossal idiot!" a reverent voice said from below.
"NOT UNTIL AFTER YOU'VE CLEANED YOUR LIVING QUARTERS."
"The messy room is your—"
"I AM HERE TO ANNOUNCE THAT I HAVE DEVISED A PLAN, OR RATHER BRICK HAS DEVISED IT, AND I HAVE STOLEN THE CREDIT AFTER THE BRICK-TO-ENGLISH TRANSLATORS DUMBED DOWN HIS EXPLANATION FOR ME TWO OR THREE TIMES."
"Six times, sir."
"THIS PLAN IS SO GREAT, SO SCHEMING, SO HIGH-FALUTIN' THAT IT FRIGHTENS THE VERY BRAVEST OF SOULS. AND IF THAT INCESSANT CHEWING SOUND IS APPETITE PIGGING OUT ON ANOTHER BALCONY SUPPORT, I'LL SPANK THAT BEAST INTO OBLIVION."
"Why don't you just reuse the Face Blitzkrieg?" called out another generic. "Probably your only workable idea."
Asinine's eyes supervised his generics with a scornful gaze reminiscent of his childhood babysitter's. He leaned toward IQ 23. "Lieutenant, which one is that?"
"Looks like Steve, sir."
"Have him strapped to the flogging bed for this 'workable idea' nonsense of his."
"I'll set him up next to Colin."
"Good." Asinine resumed his speech. "WAIT HERE." He shoved the microphone into Lieutenant IQ 23's grasp. It was only for show, anyway, since he had the balcony microphone activated. That was stupid, though, since he always banged his toe into that one mislaid tile.
He banged his toe into that one mislaid tile as he made his way across the balcony. He entered his lime-green-carpeted Being Dastardly Room, the room dedicated solely to being dastardly, and grabbed an oblong device that sat on a table to one side of his play oven. Blinking lights decorated the buzzing device randomly along any surface on which one fit. He loved blinking lights. With forty-seven buttons crowding the lights—and sixteen of those buttons actually working—the device looked as industrious as a beehive. Asinine dared anyone to grab this thing without inadvertently nuking a city block or giving everyone mullets.
With a smile, he returned to the edge of the balcony and held the device high to display it to the drooling masses below who...well, paid no attention. Soon they'd drool. Right now, they stared vapidly. But they stared vapidly like drooling masses!
"THIS...IS MY BOOMSTICK." He held the device over the railing.
Lieutenant IQ 23 sidled up to Asinine. "Sir, that's not your boomstick. Your boomstick is rounder, with fewer colored lights and a thermometer on the side. And it booms."
Master Asinine eyed the device before looking back at the crowd. "THIS IS NOT MY BOOMSTICK. BUT IT IS STILL MIGHTY AND HOLDS A GREAT DEAL OF ENTERTAINMENT VALUE, ENTERTAINMENT VALUE THAT WILL STRIKE FEAR AND IRRITATION INTO GOOD GUYS EVERYWHERE. AND IT STEALS CABLE. LOTS AND LOTS OF CABLE.
"WITH THIS DEVICE, MY HAUNT-CONTROL CONTROL, I WILL WREAK UNQUENCHABLE HAVOC ON THE GOOD GUYS, SPELLING THEIR DOOM WITH A DOUBLE O INSTEAD OF ONE U THIS TIME, 'CAUSE I LOOKED IT UP AND FIGURED OUT THE PROPER SPELLING. Okay, funny story with that. Here I am—"
"Sir, tell them about the device."
"I WILL TELL YOU ABOUT THIS DEVICE. NOW WITH FIFTY PERCENT MORE STRATEGY, IT HOLDS THE POWER TO CONTROL THE HAUNT CONTROL OF ANYTHING IT CHOOSES, AS LONG AS I CHOOSE IT. ITS MUSICAL PREFERENCE IS DISCO, WHICH IS AWESOME BECAUSE DISCO IS PAINFUL.
"WITH A WARRANTY THAT LASTS COUNTLESS GENERATIONS, IT WILL PROVE TO BE THE UNDOING OF THE GOOD GUYS...FOREVER. PATENT PENDING, SO NO ONE EVEN THINK OF INFRINGING ON MY ALMIGHTY COPYRIGHT."
He awaited a response from the crowd. Ahh, speechlessness. Exactly as he'd expected. Except the crickets. They weren't speechless. "Lieutenant, later on, I want you to teach those crickets a lesson they won't soon forget." He turned back to the crowd. "I WILL NOW FIELD ANY QUESTIONS."
Silence fell, broken only by a measly cough from the guy who habitually drank turpentine. A distant bellow followed: "Jump off the balcony, you one-man sideshow!"
"WELL, SCREW YOU GUYS. YOUR DINNER PRIVELEGES ARE REVOKED. I'M GOING BACK INSIDE." He swept away from the crowd and stomped into his Being Dastardly Room.
He dropped into his favorite l-recliner and eased into the comfortable contours of its shushing butt cushion. His eyes fluttered euphorically. "Ahhhhhh. That went well...aside from the overwhelming lack of interest. Lieutenant, put on my new Great Gobs of Girl Power Pop album and fetch me my favorite footstool."
"Sir, your favorite footstool is repairing the damaged broadcast antenna cluster."
"Lieutenant, don't make me do all my misguided thinking. If he's unavailable, fetch me my second-favorite footstool."
Braindead knelt on the shag carpet before Asinine and adjusted the knee on which his one remaining laser burn lingered. After propping himself on his elbows, he arched his back. Asinine lifted his heels onto Braindead's spine.
"Recap time." Asinine cleared his throat. "My plan of the week is nearing completion. I don't have the manpower I used to have, so attacking the Good Guys at their station would be stupid. I'm forced to attack them indirectly, thus this Haunt-Control Control thing."
"The perfect plan with a needless recap, sir."
"Of course it is. My anything-but-a-ninja, Multipurpose, and my completely unintelligible hanger-on, Scapegoat, are on the case—however on the case those two can be. Their mission is two-ply." He raised a hand with one finger extended. "First ply: to install the device through which my Haunt-Control Control—Braindead, loosen your shoulder blades—will override the Good Guys' space station." He extended three more fingers. "Second ply: to rescue our two-headed chief of security, Schizophrenic. That's a whole smacking hand of destruction. Minus the thumb." He wiggled his fingers.
"They'll fix the Good Guys' haunt control. Oh, they'll fix it good. And by fix, I don't mean the veterinarian's old chop-chop. Heh. Remember that mistake last time?"
Chapter Three: Enter: the Ninja
Multipurpose. The ninja. The Supreme Ninja. Notice the crocking capital letters. More than a one-man army. A One-Man Supreme Army. A Sparmy.
Multipurpose regarded his own ninja physique. Billowy. Yes. Capable of performing even the most complicated and cat-lighting-quick ninja stunts known to anyone, furthering him over lesser ninjas. And, let's get real, what ninja wasn't lesser when compared with him? Thanks to his talent, he could fulfill any purpose. That was why he called himself Multipurpose.
Sure, jealous scoffers used derogatory and erroneous insults to try bringing him down: "fat," "obese," "starship-sized heave-freak." But ninjas were heedless of the opinions of lesser people. Just because Multipurpose's legs rubbed together and chafed against his ninja crotch, or he smelled like a different odor every day, or a fifteen-second jog exhausted him, that meant only that he worked hard. No more. The body mass index at the Bad Guys' space station said he was 92 percent fat, but he knew what it really meant: he was 92 percent ninja meat. He was the Supreme Ninja.
And right now, the Supreme Ninja wanted to shove a crocking sword through this pissing contraption.
"I can't believe this! The haunt control's got a password! How can I install this low-budget Haunt-Control Control when there's a crocking password?" He slammed a fist into a nearby wall. Ooh. Throbbing elbow muscle. "Stupid, stupid, stupid, crocking stupid."
Scapegoat, this mission's token idiot, jumped back as if he'd spotted his reflection and just now discovered he was Quasimodo's uglier brother. Which he was.
Multipurpose and Scapegoat had managed to sneak through the station using one of Brick's one-of-a-kind gadgets to hide themselves from the Good Guys' haunt control, but the plan's brilliance had ended there. Now they stood in one corner of the room that housed Station One's haunt-control mainframe. The Haunt-Control Control turned out to be useless, Multipurpose was turning fiery red, and Scapegoat was too dimwitted to turn anything. Why must Asinine saddle Multipurpose with the grammar-hacking Scapegoat as his partner, or rather the spineless slug who insisted on regarding him as master? Ninja master, maybe, but not master. Whomever Scapegoat was partnered with, he annoyingly called that person "master" or some other laboratory-assistant label. Multipurpose wished himself banishment to the same depths where Brick labored. Why must he conduct a mission with this ugly crock?
"I can't crocking believe this." Multipurpose swatted the accursed haunt control's input terminal, which sat in front of several slots of circuit boards, taunting him from a waist-high plinth. Multipurpose kicked a nearby trash ionizer. Yow! He jerked back his leg. His joints couldn't stretch that far. He slammed his fist against the plinth. Ooh—a muscle in his arm complained.
He should contain his ninja rage. Prying open the floodgates of destruction, especially on something as undeserving as a haunt-control terminal, was not ninjalike. What angered him most was having to bother with a computer problem. Shouldn't he be avenging someone's death like a true ninja? And the liquid coolant in this room reeked.
He traced his finger along the blade of his sai and adjusted his blue ninja shorts. Extra, extra, extra, extra, extra large. These were the hocus of a ninja's wardrobe. And with that hocus, he straightened his wardrobe's pocus: a black mask made from a simple headband with two holes cut out for eyes, like the Halloween costumes Terran parents made for their offspring.
The hunchbacked lackey, Scapegoat, attempted a sentence. "Ask master why not the haunt-control password what is, yes yes?" Stupid, stupid! If his hack-and-slash method of randomizing words into accidental sentences didn't annoy Multipurpose, his Igor-like drawl did. What had that pus-bucketing crock blabbed? Ask master what control, yes yes?
Multipurpose spun around at the hunchback. He winced when he realized his ninja hips hated rotations. He snarled at Scapegoat, "I'm blaming you for this mishap."
"Blaming mishap me, yes yes." Scapegoat slackened with an ignorant gawp.
"I'm calling Asinine." No way should someone force the Master Ninja into a mission this ridiculous. He straightened from the Stance of the Pouncing Goldfish and reached up to his gabber—ooh, that arm throbbed. Good thing there was a ton of arm.
He again reached for his gabber, the pea-sized communication device in his ear. The simple movement caused sweat to pool in the folds of his armpit. That meant he had performed such a stupendous move that his sweat glands couldn't keep up. He deeply inhaled the odor they exuded. Ah, the natural scent of the Supreme Ninja: burned tires.
He pressed past the billowy ninja skin of his skilled lower ear and tapped the gabber. An earpiece and mouthpiece sprouted out. "Control, acknowledge—"
"Specify haunt control," an echoing voice said from along the ceiling. "Haunt controls from more than one command hierarchy are detected in this vicinity."
Multipurpose scrunched his face. "I'm talking to the crocking gabber! Gabber, acknowledge. Contact entity Terran Idiot Number One."
"Contacting Master Asinine," the gabber said, with a smugness intended to frustrate Multipurpose's masterly ninja ego. Multipurpose wanted to chuck the gabber into the circuit boards. That'd teach Asinine a lesson: three months of fees for early breach of contract. Or eight hundred broken kneecaps. Multipurpose would happily break the kneecaps. At least after his elbow stopped aching from last night's Twenty-Minute Ninja Smackdown dance-fighting workout video.
He gritted his teeth at that accursed haunt-control computer, which didn't help him forget about the head case he'd soon speak to. And, by head case, he meant "head belonging in a case."
"Connection attained," the gabber said.
Aha. "Asinine, shut up and listen. You're a chump. That's right, I called you a chump. It means you're a crocking idiot. Yeah, right. Sure it's a compliment. It means I've taken dumps more impressive than you! Anyway, you know the haunt control? The Good Guy space station's haunt control? The Good Guy space station's haunt control you sent me to mess around with? The crocking Good Guys you've been fighting for the last year and a half! Yes, those Good Guys—No, not those G—Oh, shut up. The haunt control has a password, and I need to know it. Say something. Yeah, a password. Pass—word, ya crocking mute." That outburst winded him, but he didn't blame his lungs. He blamed the room's thick air since his ninja lungs topped physical perfection.
Multipurpose watched Scapegoat waddle around like a hypnotized penguin. He snapped away from the lackey to face a wall. Unlike Scapegoat or Master Asinine, at least the wall's purpose wasn't to anchor a high-school bell curve.
Asinine answered Multipurpose's question. Huh? Multipurpose's jaw froze into a gape. "You don't know the password? Are you some kind of idiot? Yes, it means you're an idiot! Forget it. Unlike you, I think. I'll finish this job myself."
He tore the gabber from his ear and flung it at the wall—ooh, ooh, watch that upper arm. He rubbed his muscle. No more gabber. That was okay, though. An effective ninja always carried a spare. Spares were necessary when expecting Ninja Depot's updates on their restock of Uzi-katana grenades.
He shoved Scapegoat. "Okay, password or not, we're going to try this anyway. Get that crocking Haunt-Control Control whatever-it-is microchip out. Or did you plug that up your butt?"
"Got here microchip I, yes yes." Scapegoat reached low behind his back and retrieved a square inch of circuits that sparkled at Multipurpose. No way would Multipurpose touch that thing if Scapegoat pulled it out from his nether.
"Just...just stick it in there. See what happens." He fanned a hand at the input terminal. "Maybe it'll explode in your face."
"Stick where it in, master, yes?"
"Stick it in—" Stupid, stupid, stupid! Multipurpose squeezed his eyes shut again. Ninjas shouldn't have to deal with hunchbacked assistants. He wanted to slam his elbow into a wall but held back. After all, if he acted carelessly with his ninja brawn, he would knock down the entire tower. Instead, he shoved his fist into his mouth and bit down. He removed his hand. "Crock, how should I know where to stick it? Don't you lackeys take computer class in the same semester as failure class? Just stick it on the side. Or better yet, swallow it. Might be toxic. No, no. Don't swallow it. Put it in that grill there."
"Yes, live me serve to master, yes." With the chip sitting in his palm, Scapegoat waddled forward and looked over the input terminal's coolant grill. The grill was probably unnecessary, but how could Multipurpose know? He was the Master Ninja, not a crocking computer hacker. He left the computer hacking to capable nerds or, in this case, incoherent imbeciles.
Scapegoat dropped the chip into the grill. It rattled against whatever guts the input terminal contained, but it soon settled.
A voice ripped through the air so abruptly it almost (but not quite) ruffled Multipurpose's steely ninja nerves. "New chip dropped into haunt-control computer. Determining compatibility and assimilating. Please reboot once this is complete."
Reboot. Multipurpose shrugged. Okay. He slammed his boot into the terminal.
Chapter Four: Should Have Ordered That Backup Generator
"Haunt-control upgrades have been installed," the haunt control announced. Huh? Having remained in the cellblock to clean up after sending his genius interrogators to work through their punishment for that crash-landing fiasco a few days ago, Legion looked up at the ceiling. How had someone installed haunt-control upgrades without the proper authorization? And why had that announcement preceded a quaking belch?
Legion looked at Schizophrenic. Lefty twitched at the cell's shield screen—which faded with the descending whir of a life support machine being unplugged. Legion's throat dried.
Lefty smirked at Legion, a glint in his eye. Righty twisted his tongue into shapes. Whatever he tried resembled a snake.
Legion staggered backward—threw a stool at Schizophrenic—Schizophrenic deflected it—collided with Legion—Legion reached for his holster—fumbled his Marsek—
Schizophrenic smacked Legion aside and snatched the dropped Marsek off the ground. Legion stumbled into the window of the cellblock's riot-control booth. He sputtered blood from a nostril as Schizophrenic pressed an arm over his throat.
Schizophrenic examined the Marsek's charge reading. "This thing'll replace Sarah May nicely." He'd lost Sarah May, his prized pistol, when Legion had searched him upon his capture.
He scraped Legion's cheek across the booth's window and into a wall. Legion choked from the pain that slashed his windpipe, feeling as if he'd swallowed his Adam's apple. He clawed at Schizophrenic's arm to unwrap the garroting grip. No use. Now Schizophrenic squashed Legion's back against the wall with two hundred pounds of muscle. Legion couldn't move. Without leverage, he was too late to use his combat skills to subdue the two-headed beast.
Lefty's eyes appeared inches away, which would be threatening if Righty weren't still trying to twist his tongue. The rank of cheap leather on Lefty's breath stank enough to detract from any possibility of filling Legion with dread. Much too intimate for their first date.
Schizophrenic whirled Legion around and slammed the Good Guy leader's forehead against the wall. He mashed Legion forward. "We're leaving."
Legion wheezed and then managed, "You can't escape. This place is crawling with Good Guys." Okay, not crawling. They'd be lucky to run into one. And forget the weekends. But under the right circumstances, most Good Guys were probably almost capable of somewhat handling their duties at odd times. They could help Legion out of this mess.
Okay, Legion was doomed.
No. If his Good Guys couldn't save him, Alaphus would. Alaphus protected. Legion needed to be faithful. Maybe he and Schizophrenic would happen upon one of Station One's construction workers. Alaphus used anything and anyone to help people.
Legion caught his breath. "What do you think you're going to do? Where do you think you're going to go?"
Schizophrenic looked around. "Not sure. I'm an improviser." Years ago, he had had brass implants surgically capped over his bone knuckles. Those brass-capped implants poked out of his skin. He scratched his left knuckles against the wall to produce a dying-animal screech that bore straight into Legion's antennae.
"Okay, we have to move." Schizophrenic whipped the Marsek up and jabbed its barrel into Legion's temple with one liquid movement. It dug into Legion's skin. "I can't stay cooped up here any freaking longer."
Righty sprouted a ridiculous grin. "I can. The air freshener smells like cinnamon hearts."
"Shut up, flacknacker," Lefty said. "I hate cinnamon hearts." He twitched an eye at Legion. "You're my key out of here. You disobey me and I'll give you a third nostril. One of those nostrils that whistles when you breathe. You hear me?" He snorted.
Oh, lovely. A hostage situation.
"You hear me?" Schizophrenic's hand tightened around the butt of the Marsek. Lefty came so close to Legion's antenna that Legion again smelled the stench of leather, tasted it in the back of his throat. 
"I hear you." Legion coughed from the leather stench. "I also hear Righty raspberrying his tongue at me."
"Now tell the haunt control to unlist us," Lefty said. Legion lingered on the idea, so Lefty angled the Marsek at his skin-covered ear. "Unlist yourself and me. Now."
"Control, acknowledge. Unlist entities Legion and Schizophrenic."
"Entities Legion and Schizophrenic unlisted." Great. Now they were untraceable. If any of the Good Guys asked the haunt control where to find either of them, it wouldn't know. To the station, they existed only as anonymous entities. And Schizophrenic was loose. Legion couldn't just let their prisoner escape. They needed his information! The sound of the gunshot that had killed Legion's old pal, Sopher, still haunted him, still barked in his mind.
"Good. Now walk toward the cellblock exit. We're going to find a transport and get off this orbital freak farm."
Chapter Five: Crock-a-Doodle-Doo!
Station One's master communication room. It doubled as the hailing equipment room. And the break room. And Power Plant's ping-pong paddle storage area.
Right now it also doubled as an echo chamber, because Ace Spandex had heard the haunt control's report stab the air. As startling as the warbling call of a whale in a swimming pool, the upgrade report perked his ears up his temples. The voice of James Brown, his haunt-control mod, still echoed off every corner.
Ace Spandex stopped chewing his gum. He removed his feet from the room's bank of workstations, holding the datasheet that played Cosmonaut Chimp's latest episode. He leaned over the arm of his director's chair and awaited the haunt control's next outburst.
Huh. He regarded the public address speaker with concern. His datasheet slipped out of his hand and onto the irregular pile of dusty long-range communication equipment. Some pieces of equipment leaned off others as if threatening to topple like a child's poorly stacked building blocks. None of the piles contained a firearm, not of any kind. The thought of one caused Ace Spandex to shudder. His lungs froze. He could...not...stand firearms. Even the security lasers in some of the station's hallways caused him fretful pangs. Because of those security lasers, Ace Spandex insisted on using the stairs instead of the airfoil so he could avoid walking through certain halls. Every morning, he climbed the fifteen flights to this master communication room so he could avoid those wicked creations. The climb made his legs shriek, but at least his gory past left him alone.
His stomach swirled with roller-coaster twists. No use in dwelling on memories he'd rather leave behind.
But about the haunt control's outburst...He slowly resumed chew-snapping his bubblegum. Had the haunt control malfunctioned? Had something blown? The most likely reasons why the haunt control would think someone had upgraded it were either a fried circuit board or an actual upgrade. Since only Ace Spandex could upgrade it, a fried board remained his only bet. Probably the voice-command circuit board. That thing was ancient. Haunt-control malfunctions always meant weeding out one elusive broken board in a grid of thousands. This involved unplugging the haunt control before even beginning to check its boards. He hated malfunctions. They came at the worst times.
He'd have to make his way to the haunt-control quarters. And that meant he'd have to put pants on.
Ace Spandex removed his backward-pointing baseball cap, which now felt constrictive. He stood and tossed the cap onto the workstation bank behind him.
And thus began the languid journey to the haunt-control quarters. Handily, the quarters were located in the ground floor of the communication tower—a foresight of the Constructo Company's contractors—or Ace would have to cart his sorry spandex and stair-weary legs across Station One's western grid, the city-sized area in which all military towers were clustered, whenever something malfunctioned. Such as the haunt control's coolant board that time Power Plant had "installed" a nine-iron. Sometimes that kid acted like a pyromaniac with string, sugar, powdered tar, and an Intergalacticnet connection.
Not that Ace Spandex knew those were ingredients for a bomb, he'd tell the feds.
Ace Spandex stretched his arms backward and arched his spine, which crick-creaked achingly. Hours had passed since he'd last stood. His bones felt rusty. He reached for his pants, which lay curled up on the seat next to his director's chair, and slipped them over his boxers.
He headed for the door. "Control, acknowledge. File new timesheet task for haunt-control repairs. Page assistant communicator robot to master communication room. And lock my director's chair with password." Nobody sat in his director's chair but him. He'd adjusted its settings precisely.
But the haunt control didn't respond. Strange. No acknowledgment. No James Brown howling to get on down-ah with the timesheet change and get on out-ah to the haunt control. That prompted another thought: James Brown loved mangling prepositions.
The silence, so empty it thundered, stopped him for only a moment. He assumed the impromptu upgrade had caused James Brown's absence, so he was unconcerned. What concerned him was when he banged into the door, causing his composure to shatter like a goalie's teeth giving way to a ninety-mile-per-hour hockey puck.
He kicked the door and rubbed his panging nose that still smelled the acrid door polish. Stupid door should have shifted aside. He approached again, inching well past its preset opening range. With a foot, he swept aside some of the communication equipment that cluttered the space beside it like earthquake debris. He took a final stomp and then, when the door remained shut, he kicked it again. "Control, acknowledge. Unlock closest door." It shouldn't be locked—
"Closest door is already unlocked," the haunt control said. Rather, it sang. Huh? Where was James Brown's intrusive blast? That voice sounded like a disco all-star, making it official: Ace was trapped in haunt-control hell.
"Get on down by the bay / where the watermelons grow," added the haunt control. With a funk accompaniment. How strange.
Ace Spandex shuffled the final step to the door. "Oookay, then let's get on down by the bay." The door remained shut. Ace Spandex muttered a curse and kicked it again. "That's it. Unlock and open all doors and disable haunt control."
"Not likely, Princess. Down by the bay."
"What?" Ace Spandex looked up at the haunt control's listener, which hung bracketed in the far corner of the ceiling. "You do what I say, you computed conundrum. And who are you calling a princess? Next time you try that, I'll wash your mouth out with a magnet. In fact, I'm calling you 'Princess' from now on. Every administrator gives his haunt control a name, and yours is Princess. Now, control acknowledge. Open all doors and disable yourself." He regarded the door before glancing back up at the listener. "Princess."
From the public address speaker in the room crinkled the laugh of a hell-bent cartoon villain. That was it. This haunt control was headed for a permanent disconnection. Ace shook a fist at the speaker. He should have let Power Plant golf the contraption into the eighteenth hole.
Maybe he'd simply trash the haunt control. That would force IP to buy the Good Guys up-to-date equipment. Not a bad idea.
In his ear, his gabber clicked. "Incoming connection."
Ace Spandex muttered another curse and said, "Gabber, acknowledge. Accept connection." He seethed as the gabber sprouted a headpiece and earpiece. "What?"
"Ace?" Silas Reef's voice trickled through the gabber.
Ace Spandex had always felt a silent pride for Reef. In his recent college days, he had watched people beaten down under alcohol abuse. Reef, though, had admitted to alcohol dependency and had stayed sober now for three years. He was one of those who overcame his abuse naturally, not by use of a one-pill, quick-fix remedy that never worked. Reef had struggled through sincere effort.
Ace Spandex calmed his voice. "I'm here." At the speaker, he bared his teeth.
"Did you put a virus in the haunt control? It's been flinging the stuff on my shelves at me. Right now, I'm watching a hologram of a cow being pulverized into ground beef. Extra lean, the haunt control tells me. As if I care."
"I didn't put anything in the haunt control. It just started acting weird."
"Power Plant didn't pour mayonnaise into the coolant slot again, did he?"
"No. Nothing went into the coolant slot." Ace Spandex shrugged. "Except coolant."
"Okay, okay. Look, that doesn't matter right now. We have incredibly rich investors visiting today. And you know Legion's rule about investors. The richer the investor—"
"Yeah, yeah, the browner our noses. Investors should learn to wipe thoroughly."
"They've just arrived in the lobby. It was poor insight to plan for Kamikaze to greet them, but greeting them he is. Anyway, we need you to get cracking on this haunt-control problem before it decides the investors should watch the cow-grinding process. Oh, wonderful. It's showing me what happens when you overcook its tongue. Bubblingly beautiful. Hold on. Control, acknowledge. Enough with the cow demonstration."
A strange haunt-control voice cackled from Reef's end of the connection. "Not likely. Our next demonstration explains cow-skinning tricks. Step one: bend your knees. Afterward, I teach you how to properly leatherize a cow with the skin still on. Did you ever see a barnyard wearing a leotard / down by the bay?" That last part was sung. And serenaded by trumpets.
Oh, no. The malfunctioning haunt control commanded each Good Guy's gabber through override pins. Ace realized that, if the haunt control's breakdown afflicted the whole station, removing his gabber's pin was a good idea. "Reef, if the haunt control is acting strangely—and, by strangely, I mean 'singing and showing you the insides of a cow—'"
"It's vacuuming the cow out right now."
"—and 'vacuuming the cow out,' you'll want to remove your gabber's override pin. Just pluck it off the back. Our transmissions won't be secure, and we'll lose the station's quick-dial memory, but at least the haunt control can't take over our gabbers."
"Got it. Meanwhile, find out if you can fix this haunt-control situation. I have to go. I'm having trouble gabbering Legion, so I'm going to meet those investors before they take their money elsewhere. Kamikaze being with them already reduces our chances."
"Those investors?" the haunt control said. "Those investors will die violently! Did you ever see a goose—"
"No, I've never seen a goose. Ace, find out if leatherize is an actual word and take care of that haunt control. I have to reach those investors before Kamikaze forces them into a meat grinder for kicks. Gabber, acknowledge. Cut connection." Click.
Great. A cow-mutilating haunt control. What came next, crop circles and probes? Ace Spandex was surprised the haunt control hadn't subjected him to the leatherizing process since this technological cow killer held dominance over all of Station One. But that wasn't his concern. Removing his gabber's override pin and reaching the haunt control's hardware was. That posed a problem since this room's door refused to budge. He kicked himself for falling asleep in the class that covered how to force a sliding door to open. And for falling asleep in every other class.
He grabbed his baseball cap and slipped it on. He had no toolset to dismantle the door. He might have had more luck with an l-door, but Legion had refused l-tech on Station One.
Ace eyed the streak of windows that revealed the peaceful nighttime sky. He couldn't jump out because his boot's antigravity disks were in his living quarters. So how could he get out?
Chapter Six: The Inner Child Who Wanted to See How an Active Lawnmower Blade Tasted
Franchise wiped his brow, smelling the locker room. This putrid, sweat-washed gym locker room. Beefcake bodies on weights and benches and treadmills and smackfumerous butterfly-scrunch doohickeys all came here to drench everything in sweat. Everything. Newly built, the locker room still smelled of armpits and feet. All this stuff had been bought used. Franchise wasn't a germophobe, but he pondered the microbes teeming under his bare palms, which he pressed against a scouring brush on the filthy, gray floor. He could distinguish sweat stains splattered across the flaking laser-paint.
He stopped leaning over the brush and stood on creaking legs. His knees ached. Cracking his knuckles, he examined the handwriting that spanned the length of the seventy-foot-long locker room. This was his cleaning area, on which was scribbled, in thick scrawl, "Jeff and Jacob will not rest until these words are completely erased." His punishment for crashing a starship into the Bad Guys' station was to clean off this thick print. The writing "Jeff and Jacob will also remoove these words" stretched across a row of lockers. That was Power Plant's area, including the misspelling thanks to a graffiti robot with no spellcheck software. Still better than digging latrines.
Franchise squinted to discern if he'd made any progress. Would you look at that? He had. Somewhat. The thick scrawl had faded from a perfect black to a not-all-that-different black. Or at least it should have. Had it? He cocked his head. Maybe he'd see a difference from this angle. Well, he was sure the ink's molecules were fading at some subatomic level. But he had made some progress: the floor was cleaner. Turned out it was white.
He dropped his brush into his lemon-scented soap bucket. Suds bubbled around it, fizzing and popping when the brush disturbed them. Ugh. Franchise would never again drink soda.
He had never heard of soap in this form. He'd only ever used nanocleaners that reeked of formaldehyde. But Legion had insisted on supplying Power Plant and him with the most ineffective cleaning tool ever conceived. Whatever history book the Good Guy leader had disinterred this type of soap from must have been so old it was chiseled on rock slabs. At least Franchise had gotten a far more effective workout from this punishment than from any actual training. Stupid ineffective soap. Well, it wasn't entirely ineffective. It peeled laser-paint off stuff.
"Hey, Jeffy," he grunted, exhausted. "How's your brother healing?" His words ricocheted down the corridor of lockers.
Power Plant, who sat on a nearby bench, had made no sound this last half hour other than bristling scratches from a brush as ancient as the soap. He massaged his shoulder blade through the healing putty on it. Stuff smelled like vinegar. Their battle at the Bad Guys' space station had left a scar on Power Plant's collar, but that scar had nearly faded. Already his leg and chin had mended. "Mark still in a SIPMA hospital."
The Special Identity Protection Medical Act, SIPMA, had been conceived to hide the civilian identity of any registered hyperperson in need of medical attention. Its hospital would charge any expenses, in Burnout's case, to Intergalactic Protection. After his release, all staff members who saw his face would have their memories of him wiped.
"He doin' okay, though." Power Plant lifted his flyweight body off the brush. "Not really all bein' there yet. Kinda whacked outs on meds, but he so way cool, so he gonna pull through it. I gone visits him this morning. His skull was broken. The docs gonna redoes it up, so they gonna puts him in one o' them automatical coma egg timeys. He wake up again inna two days. Gonna visits him again after that. Then he get out in a month. Plus, I gots my missin' tooth replaced there. Ooh, protein crumb." Power Plant dabbed his thumb on the bench and lifted a speck to his mouth.
Franchise's wrists throbbed from his bending over the brush. He studied the floor again. This soap was cleaning nothing. His ancestors used this stuff? They must have stunk all day.
A rebellious cackle erupted from one of the haunt control's public address speakers. Franchise looked up at the speaker. It seemed to come alive as if sprouting the suggestions of a mouth. After pealing its laugh, it inhaled a snort.
Power Plant dropped his brush into his soap bucket. "Wonder if it laughin's at a bar joke. Or ya haircut."
Something behind Franchise shuffle-banged. The sound had come from near the ceiling. Franchise strained his neck in a dizzying pivot. He rotated, and the ceiling revolved in a semicircle around him—
"You're going to die!" the haunt control said. Franchise recoiled from a set of lockers that lurched, lurched again, tilted over him, leaned forward, fell—
Power Plant snapped off the bench. "Jakey, stick ya head out! Wait, I means duck!"
Slam!
Chapter Seven: Unnatural Love
"Fantastic!" Kamikaze danced a jig on the front lobby's runner carpet. The chin straps of his pilot's helmet slapped his cheeks. Still resonating inside his ears was the haunt control's report that they would all perish horribly. He hooted, pumped an arm, grabbed the closest public address speaker (much larger than the usual one-inch, disc-shaped ones) in both hands, and tore it off its bracket. "Tell me more, oh preprogrammed, inanimate object of wanton destruction!" He dropped to the floor and clutched the speaker and pointed it toward himself and kissed it wetly, and oh boy, wanton destruction, the best kind of destruction. That was almost as good as wanton Labor Day! He cuddled the speaker against his cheek and felt the roughness of its pebbled texture.
He glanced up, remembering the three investors, Sir Muftrig Hofnar, Telk Brahalta, and Rengniss Sesnit. They stood in a row by the reception desk and observed him like shareholders who'd made bad financial decisions. Maybe not far from the truth. "Oh, yeah. You guys. You probably didn't want to hear that." He still couldn't keep from smiling. The haunt control always brought good news, especially on Meatloaf Sundays. He squeezed the speaker to his cheek again and cuddled against its cold surface, a surface only a mother could love. Or a Kamikaze. Theirs was a strange relationship, but these past few seconds together had shown him that no force in the universe could separate a man from the speaker that had foretold his death.
With all eyes on him, he nestled the speaker under his arm. "I'll have you all know that, on your tour here, we've made every effort to keep me as far away from you as possible. Unfortunately, Pincushion is off station, Burnout was hospitalized after Master Asinine smacked him around during a rescue, Car Alarm is currently deactivated, and I was the next available Good Guy. I'd also like to remind you that, the more you help us, the more we can afford the manpower that will ensure you never, ever have to see me again. Remember, lady and gentlemen, your money counts. And I'd like you to meet my new best friend, Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker." He hoisted up the speaker. "She wants to kill me, and I love her for that."
Sesnit, the Trioxidillian investor, wrinkled her face. "What the tarnation? Your haunt control's got a mouthy attitude."
"I agree. That haunt control needs a severe reprogramming," Brahalta, the Logistican hamster rancher, said.
"Excusing me, friend Comical Ozzie." This came from Hofnar, the teal-skinned Haralsian who, despite never having threatened Kamikaze's life, seemed friendly enough. "But—heh, my Terran language translationer not be working good—it be natural for haunt control to threaten lives of we?" His aluminum-blue suit, traditional in Eastern Haralsian cultures, bore two lapels on each pudgy breast. It almost matched his skin, lending him a multihued blue tone. It glistened in the light when he set a hand on the reception desk. If he were in battle, that suit would definitely flag him for an early death. Lucky guy.
"Sir Hofnar, is it any more natural to fear what is different, whether it's a healthy fear of the unknown or of a haunt control that has issued your death sentence?" Kamikaze caressed his hand over Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker's dappled surface. "We should accept all people and speakers as our kindred."
"Amen, brother," Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker said. "Amen. Old MacDonald had a farm / ooh, ahhhh."
"Hey, hey!" Topsy and Turvy, the Good Guys' three-foot twin receptionists, popped their heads over the four-foot reception desk. Kamikaze wondered how they saw over the desk. And then he remembered: they couldn't. The Good Guys were correcting that problem, though, by installing phone books on their chairs.
Kamikaze shielded his eyes from Topsy and Turvy's photo-negative color scheme: blue overalls with white-and-green-striped shirts, white eyebrows on dark-orange skin, and mustard-yellow hair. Their colors clashed so glaringly that Kamikaze always thought they were prime examples of why blindness wasn't so bad.
"Hey, Kamikaze," Topsy chirped and flipped onto the desk. Or was that Turvy? Kamikaze had no hope of telling these dwarves apart, so he considered them one giant circus grunt. "You think the investors might want a drink while they wait?"
"Yeah, yeah, a drink? Hey, hey!" The other rapid-flipped onto the desk as well.
A click and a connection report from Kamikaze's gabber diverted his attention. "Gabber, acknowledge. Accept connection," he said. An earpiece and mouthpiece shot out and wrapped around his head. He bent the mouthpiece to his lips. "Woohoo! I have one thing threatening to kill me. Do I have a second?"
"You will most assuredly not have a second," Harrier said through the gabber. "I hope our potential investors did not hear your blooming proclamation."
"And, as far as you know, they didn't." Kamikaze beamed with the joy of a playful child. "Hey, Harrier, how's it—"
"Look, we have not the time for conversation. The haunt control is reacting like a wanker this fine day. More so than usual, anyway. It is singing public-domain songs to disco music, and no living thing wants to hear bloody disco. So we must shut that haywire construct—"
"Don't you say hurtful things about my Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker."
"Kamikaze, please listen to—Insane Haunt Control what?"
"Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker. She told me I have to die. You want to watch me die, don't you?"
"Sure, but not today. Or tomorrow. Actually, schedule me for no earlier than the thirteenth, mate. But, Kamikaze, this is of utmost importance. Ace Spandex advises everyone to remove the override pins from their gabbers."
"I'm not shutting out Insane Haunt Con—"
"Blimey, Kamikaze, please remove it posthaste before the haunt control terminates your access. Right now, it is your only method of communication, since the haunt control will not respond to our commands."
Kamikaze pouted. "Fine. Gabber, acknowledge. Hold connection."
"Connection held." Like snakes slithering into holes, the headpiece and earpiece disappeared. Kamikaze plucked the gabber from his ear and placed it in his palm. It barely held together: wires bulged from one side, and the other side had a cracked frame that pinched his inner ear. These things were ancient, not like the new gabbers the Good Guys would have received had Legion accepted Letchtech's sponsorship offer. Those weighed less than two ounces and held twice as many speed-dial entities.
Kamikaze put a foot onto a plant's pot and propped his arms on his knee. He squeezed a fingernail into a slot underneath the tiny override pin. The pin dropped into his hand, and he pocketed it. He placed the gabber back into his ear. "Gabber, acknowledge. Resume connection." The mouthpiece and earpiece shot back out, the snakes alive with renewed hunger. To Harrier, Kamikaze said, "Done."
"Aces. Leave it as such. If the haunt control were to regain dominion over your gabber, you would be unable to communicate with us. The haunt control is acting narked, so Reef shall arrive at any moment to help protect the investors—from you as much as from the haunt control. Keep everyone under your supervision until he arrives. When he does, you both shall escort them to the mess hall for safety. This is priority one: if none of those investors devotes any funds to the Good Guys, the Good Guys will cease to be, and we will be snookered. Nothing has ended in bloodshed, has it?"
"Not yet, but I can't promise to keep it that way. Where are you going to be? Wherever it is, pick me up something explosive and edible. Or just explosive." His stomach complained with a pinprick pang. "Or just edible."
"I am gathering our staff in the mess hall while Ace Spandex remedies our situation. I must go. I will see you when you arrive with the investors. In one piece."
"Many pieces."
"One piece."
"Spoilsport."
The conversation concluded with a click. The earpiece and mouthpiece retreated. "Connection terminated by other user."
Kamikaze fell backward into the lobby couch, which saved him from a tumble that would have broken his neck. Too bad. "Lousy Harrier and his crocking orders. Now I won't ever get to die." He set Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker on the cushion beside him, his hand drooping over the microfiber arm of the couch. He wanted to just sit.
"There, there," Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker said. "Your time is very, very nigh."
"You're just saying that to make me feel better."
"Don't worry." Then, in a grainy chord, the speaker sang, "Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord."
Kamikaze looked at it. "Huh?"
Chapter Eight: The Airfoil Came a Little Too Late
"Holy crock."
Half an hour ago, Ace Spandex had first uttered those words from a fifteenth-floor window of the communication tower. He'd peered at the microscopic ground below before the arduous journey that would take him down the brick-and-mortar side of the tower, thanks to his suction-fingered gloves.
Twenty minutes ago, he had enunciated those words as if they held some coded meaning. He'd climbed out the window and descended to the tenth floor, his muscles feeling acidic.
Ten minutes ago, he had spat those words like regurgitated bile from his heaving stomach. He'd reached the seventh floor, where a few suction fingers of his climbing gloves had failed, around the time he'd swallowed his last muscle stimulant.
Five minutes ago, he had chanted those words as though his life clung to their incantation. He'd reached the fifth floor, where his gloves sparked, four of their ten fingers dead. His muscles had smoldered as hotly as lava smothering Pompeii.
Now those words had become a hoarse curse. He lay on the ground, face in the asphalt. He'd fallen from the fourth story after all but two of his suction fingers had failed under the pressure of his 145-pound frame clinging to the tower during the climb down. His baseball cap had landed a few feet away.
His day hadn't been good. He'd had time to ponder that. Lying thoroughly exhausted on his stomach provided a lot of thinking time.
Warm blood tickled his cheek. He rolled over, removed both gloves, and discarded them. Their dying sparks clapped with hostility. He dabbed the blood on his nose with his fingers and inspected it. Not too much. He didn't know why his nose bled—it wasn't broken—but he abandoned the thought.
He sat up—ooh-ai-yai-yai—and winced at the bruised ribs that stabbed him in agony. If he hadn't worn his impact suit, that four-story drop would have shattered those ribs—could even have killed him. To think a material as pliable and as thin as a wetsuit had saved him. And to think, had it not saved him, he wouldn't have had to get up after striking the ground like a dropped anvil. Everything today was a lose-lose situation.
He stood and wiped the rest of the blood onto his sleeve. His ribs protested again but not as indignantly as before. The nanohealers in the lining of his suit had acted quickly and injected painkillers before they started the healing process. In a little over an hour, his ribs would stop hurting. He hoped they'd heal shortly after that. If they didn't, he'd break them off.
Before Ace unplugged the haunt control, it was in for a stern lecture.
His head swimming, he limped toward his fallen cap, picked it up, and lurched around the tower to the front door. Now he had to make his way to the haunt control to deactivate it. That meant reentering the tower, a tough act if the haunt control blocked him. An invisible wire mesh reinforced the tower's windowed doors. Ace Spandex had no tools to blast through them. Power Plant could destroy this wall with some sugar in his system. Burnout could, but he was in a medically induced sleep. Null could if someone threw him hard enough.
Smithereens could take it down. Definitely. His soul was dedicated to blowing things up. Expensive things. He fulfilled his job of demolitions expert with fiery enthusiasm. In fact, he relied on demolitions in the same way others relied on breathing.
Ace Spandex put his cap on and tapped his gabber. He spoke into the mouthpiece, still cautious of using it, even though the haunt control no longer affected it. Without the haunt control's database, he hoped he had Smith saved as an entity in his gabber, because he couldn't remember Smith's calltag. "Gabber, acknowledge. Contact entity Smithereens."
"Contacting entity Smithereens. Connection attained."
"Smith?"
"Eh, buddy!" Smithereens said so crisply that Ace Spandex's first instinct was to salute. "Need something splattered? You know my motto: 'Whatever needs detonating, I'm threatenating,' eh." His motto always changed. Last week it had been "Scooch for the mooch. Let's see what's left standing after I press the red button on our friend here," and this was when Ace Spandex had invited him to watch the capture-the-flag finals on Channel Four's Sports Extremist.
"Smith, I need you to meet me in front of the master communication tower. I need access, and the haunt control has shut me out. By the way, do you brainstorm random mottos while you solve word searches, or do you come up with them on the fly?"
"On the fly. Eh, buddy, sounds like a party. We're going to need..." From the other side of the connection came shuffling feet and the rustling of boxes: Smithereens no doubt rifling through his overequipped arsenal. And here came the insane list of every item needed in the name of overkill. "Okay, buddy, we're going to need copper wires, Molotov plastique, a caulking-based foaming agent—a little goes a long way, eh, buddy? You know, eh?"—actually, Ace Spandex had no clue—"Sodium, tar-based gumming, a gelatin mold, beta hydroxy acid, a four-meter range detonator if you want a close show, and cornstarch. The cornstarch for that extra kick. Eh, buddy? You want that extra kick for the nick, eh? Buddy? That extra fizz for the sizz? The extra wazoom for the kaboom? Eh? Eh?"
Ace Spandex interjected between Smith's ehs and rhyming couplets before the bomb expert could blow a blood vessel. "Yeah, yeah, okay. You're right. I want that extra kick for the kojick or sizz or whatever ludicrous word you just invented."
Smithereens exhaled. Ace Spandex sensed a disapproving nod. In his accented drawl, Smith said, "Look, buddy, if you're not interested in putting together a quality bomb, I could halfheart you a slicer or a puffer. But this is the kick, eh. The big campfire. You want a quality toaster, don'tcha? A quick zinger? A master disaster? Eh?"
"Smith, please just bring whatever you need, and let's finish this. My arms ache. My head hates me. My suction gloves are broken. I think the haunt control erased my John Lee Hooker albums. Investors are visiting. And the haunt control is out of control. Make up idiotic exploding poetry later. And, Smith, you'll want to remove your gabber's override pin. Pry it out with your fingernail like I taught you."
"Okay, buddy, gimme two minutes, and I'll find you the necessary kabooms for this forced entry here, eh." The connection cut.
Holy crock. Smithereens had a different name for everything ranging from any obscure element off the periodic table to his blender. He must be Canadian.
Chapter Nine: When You Realize That Slight Tickling in Your Ribs Is Cancer
"Give me that gabber, you yammering stink-ninny," Lefty said.
Schizophrenic ripped the gabber from Legion's antenna and flipped it over in his hand. Good. This gabber had a signal locator, and he needed one.
Legion rubbed his ear. "Don't bother saying please or anything."
"Please shut up."
Using the gun against the back of Legion's neck, Schizophrenic steered the Good Guy leader into the wall—steered like a runaway shuttle steered screaming, unbuckled passengers. He slammed a knee against Legion's spine to pin the freakus down. Now he could concentrate in peace. In peace after the freakus finished grunting.
Righty cooed. "Ooh. Is that the new gabber with the head gouger upgrade?" He received a slap across the cheek.
Schizophrenic shoved the gabber into one of Lefty's ears. With a hum, the plastic reshaped from a Trioxidillian ear structure to a Terran one after sampling his skin.
Legion wriggled under Schizophrenic's knee. "If you keep pressing on my spine, I won't be able to move much longer." Schizophrenic shifted his knee. Then he shifted it back. Legion grunted. "Very mature. Fine. Be that way."
"What do you mean, 'be that way'? I'm always that way." Schizophrenic tapped the gabber. Headgear shot out and wrapped around his head. Oh, for the love of crock. Headgear made his nose look big. "Gabber, acknowledge. Locate closest unlisted signal. Range: space station."
"Signal located."
Good. Finding an unlisted signal meant a gabber in the space station belonged to someone other than a Good Guy. And, since the haunt control here was obviously crocked, that someone must be a Bad Guy.
"Convert to l-tech mode. And why does this headgear smell like cheap oil?"
Schizophrenic waited for the regular headgear to retract and for the l-headgear to replace it. Waited. Started tapping his free foot against the ground. Started tapping his other foot against Legion's tailbone. Started tapping harder. Checked the wall clock—holy freakfest, ten minutes to eight? Where'd the time go? He had to call Grandmama at nine.
He removed his knee from Legion's back and mashed the Good Guy's cheek against a framed photo that hung on the wall. The photo clunked to the floor. The gash over Legion's nostril had reopened, and a trail of blood curled down to his mouth, glistening in the light.
"Where's the l-headgear, you squeezed kiwi?" Lefty rolled Legion's face along the wall, smearing a bloody stripe across the laser-paint.
Legion managed a few spongy words with his cheek mashed. "At least I'm not the one who media-named myself 'Schizophrenic.' It's a social dysfunction, not a split-personality disorder. Which of the two of you heads came up with that one?"
Schizophrenic grabbed Legion's collar and yanked him off the wall. He hoisted Legion up in one fist. "I get enough flak from my investment banker, chum bucket. Now where's the l-headgear?" Lefty growled with a menacing glare. Righty attempted the same but couldn't keep a straight face.
"The gabber has none. Too dangerous. Until Alaphus corrects l-tech, I won't touch the stuff. You'll have to talk without it."
"Ooh, can I talk?" Righty asked. "We can call for pizza."
Schizophrenic eased Legion to the floor, slapped Righty, and lifted Legion back up. Legion dangled against his collar.
Lefty flicked the mouthpiece. It was in the way. "No l-tech?"
Legion crossed his arms. "You actually have to use it manually."
"Manually? What, like...with my man?"
"Don't tell me you—"
"Look, the only thing I do manually is pull a trigger. And move my Monopoly thimble."
"And bake cupcakes," Righty said.
Schizophrenic opened his fistful of collar, and Legion's tailbone smacked against the fallen photo. Legion winced. Schizophrenic kicked him hard enough to prod him onto his feet but not hard enough to break anything. A broken bone made a hostage immobile. And a griper. Lefty hated gripers. Righty thought gripers were stand-up comedians.
"On your feet." Lefty booted the wall's baseboard for emphasis, producing a hollow thud.
Legion stood and rubbed his side. Schizophrenic spun him against the wall and placed a knee back onto his tailbone. "Gabber, acknowledge. Contact closest unlisted signal."
"Contacting. Seeking connection...seeking conne—Connection attained."
Lefty bent the stem of the mouthpiece closer. "Who's this?" Better not be that freaking party line that spammed his gabber with direct-to-brain advertisements. He hated how it interrupted his calls with festive announcements every six minutes. His conversations didn't need commercial breaks.
"Schizo?" a wheezy voice said. Oh, not this guy. The voice belonged to Multipurpose, a displeasing sack of thundermammal gonads. With rolling chub that drooped over the sides of his utility belt, a sweaty aura, and teeth like yellowed fingernails, Multipurpose took pride over his "talents" the way a child took pride over a handful of worms. That blubbering sphere thought he was Alaphus's gift to ninja combat. Maybe he would be if he could execute so much as a front kick without pulling several muscles.
After Multipurpose's jabber came a slush of words that could only have blah-blahed from Scapegoat. Whatever snivel that hunchback was using to urinate all over the English language, Lefty gave it no more than a passing lack of attention.
"You two? Master Asinine sent you two?" Lefty rammed a palm against a door.
"Look, you're crocking lucky to get us...or at least me. Asinine nearly sent the ice machine. He thinks it's humming to him. He still can't figure out why it spits out ice whenever he presses its crocking 'tongue' down."
Four days trapped on this space station that reeked of laser-paint fumes, and Asinine had sent these two cretins? Schizophrenic was never leaving this wretched landfill. He couldn't escape the nauseating goodness that greased the walls, the decency that stank like burned rubber. In fact, it stank like Multipurpose's shorts riding up his crotch after a high kick...or any kick. Or any step.
"You guys got a transport somewhere? I need off this freaking metal ball. I've been here only four days, and I already want to puke out my family rocks."
"I got a Derelict in the visitors' parking zone," Multipurpose said, at which Lefty groaned. A Derelict military transport? A mil-tran in a slew of civ-trans? No sore thumb sticking out there.
Multipurpose wheezed again. "It's in the Raging Italian in a Sausage Factory lot."
"The Raging Italian what lot?"
Legion cocked his head away from the wall enough to see Schizophrenic with only one eye. "In our defense, the lot names were Power Plant's idea. And, really, we used the most legally accessible social groups we could defame."
"Your head looks at that wall until I say it's had enough. I hope that wall tastes like wood chips." Schizophrenic pointed, which caused Legion to roll his eyes and comply. To Multipurpose, Lefty said, "Anyway, find the west parking lot entrance and meet me there in ten minutes. I have a hostage, and we're taking him home."
Righty cheered. "To meet mom?"
Crock. Lefty hung his head low.
Slap!
Chapter Ten: That Sweet Feeling of Imminent Death
"Okay, everyone." Kamikaze jumped onto the reception desk to quiet the crowd of six gathered in the reception lobby. Still tucking Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker under his arm, he caressed her speckled front. "Reef will be here shortly, so let's sit tight until the massacre begins. I mean, sit tight until rescue begins. Or stand. Standing's better. More chance of a disembodied head. I mean, disembodied rescue."
"Sit tight until the massacre begins?" Brahalta said, every t sharpened in a voice as thick as his silver mustache. He stepped forward, which caused his hangdog jowls to ripple in waves. "For a possible funding request, that is a dreadfully senseless statement."
With eyes glazed and mouth slightly agape, Kamikaze tried to grasp even the slightest hint of what Brahalta had said. "Yeah...I meant...I don't know...much about..." His eyes twitched into focus. "Can I leave it at that?"
Meanwhile, the haunt control crooned its loveable, condemning birdsong, "Pack up your troubles in an old kit bag / and smile, smile, smile," and maybe it could quiet down for one second to let Kamikaze sort through the flip-book of death options rapid-firing in his mind. And the music. Ugh. Kamikaze loved the haunt control, but it could have chosen something better than disco. Nothing killed the romance of death more quickly than disco. Except maybe yet another easy-listening love ballad.
Sesnit gawked at the ceiling with fright as if the cackle of an evil mastermind had just announced the hatching of a new scheme. And maybe one had hatched. But Kamikaze wasn't the only one that public-domain disco profoundly disturbed, judging by Sesnit's reaction.
"What in tarnation is that? Is that your haunt control actually singin'?" Sesnit's thin body twitched through her red-striped diplomat's suit. She backed into a table chest. The flower vase on it upended with a clatter. And what was with her and the word tarnation? "First it threatens us and then it sings?"
"Yes, that was our haunt control. And in no way is it preparing your slaughter. Unless you'd find that fun. Which it is. Not! It's not." With the heel of his palm, he struck his forehead. Not fun.
Kamikaze would still enjoy watching the haunt control knock everyone off and then, after their resurrections, watching it again. That was as exciting as that incredible episode of Cosmonaut Chimp in which the Galactic Monkey Squad replaced the flammable beans with the nonflammable beans at the Annual Irritable Bowel Syndrome Sufferers Chili Cook-Off before everything stank to kingdom come. Tense episode, but action-packed and educational: until that time, Kamikaze hadn't known a chimpanzee could defuse a burrito.
A wind-whipping body flipped off another. "Hey, hey, Kamikaze," came Topsy's titter—or was that Turvy's? Kamikaze never could tell these two dwarves apart, but he was going to assume the speaker was Topsy.
Kamikaze turned from the investors, who grew anticipatory stains under their armpits. Topsy somersaulted expertly onto the floor only feet away from the investors. Turvy's turn: he flipped onto Topsy's shoulders and landed with curled feet in a maneuver so lightning-quick it seemed instantaneous. The two continued their hopscotch bounds toward him. He had already lost track of which was which. He should suggest one reach into a blender so he could differentiate them by the missing hand.
They spoke in leapfrog segments: "Don't mean to—"
The other chimed in: "—rain on your fun, but—"
Back to the first: "—we should—"
"—keep these investors alive, hey, hey—"
"—until they invest at least some—"
"—money in—"
"—the Good Guys. Double-flip action!" One of the acrobats hopped onto the other's shoulders like a gymnastic circus dwarf. Whoa, that was an involved simile. Or metaphor. Or...He never remembered which was which. Something about a simile being like or as a metaphor. Heh. He hadn't earned that C in high school English for nothing.
"Ha-cha-cha." Topsy and Turvy angled their right shoulders forward with a beaming grin. Their confetti prattle dizzied Kamikaze, proof that maybe something could kill the romance of death more quickly than yet another easy-listening love ballad.
Kamikaze examined them for only seconds before he sprouted a sunshine smile. "You guys are great. Will you do that on my birthday? Man, I'm going to ask the haunt control to give you two the honor of dying first."
"I can arrange that," a public address speaker said overtop another disco beat. Whose brilliant notion was it to teach the haunt control about dreadful music?
Interrupting the concert, the speaker clicked off, as if it were leaving to monitor another location. Another click sounded—a louder, more assertive one. No, wait. Three simultaneous clicks had combined into one noise. Kamikaze jumped off the wooden finish of the reception desk. Was this it? Was this the moment he'd waited—he checked his watch—ten whole minutes for? His arms and legs prickled with needles. Oh boy oh boy oh boy, here it came. What had clicked? The doors. The doors had clicked. No, not clicked. Locked.
Kamikaze's bones jittered under his black impact suit. The song "London Bridge Is Falling Down" took on a whole new meaning. Yes, the haunt control was growing hostile. Finally, death would begin!
Kamikaze blasted into the air with a thunder crackle of flight, paying no attention to his takeoff's scorch-mark that powdered the floor and smelled of sulfur. His l-boots faded to allow his flight hyperability to spew its propellant out his feet. He rocketed across the room and slammed against the door that opened to the closest parking area, Furious Irishman in a Pool Hall. He collided and rebounded, his brow and nose stinging. He had a newfound love of locked doors. He hit the runner carpet—no, the ceiling, because now he was falling—and shredded a fibrous burn across his cheek when he landed. Oh, yeah. That chafed. Aaaallll rrrriiiigggghhhhtttt.
Sesnit gasped, backed away. Kamikaze stood on wobbly legs. His landing had scraped a knee. Too bad it hadn't scraped the other, since he was into symmetry.
The doors. They should have opened before he'd hit them. His suspicions were affirmed: that triple click meant all three doors had locked. An enclosed arena. Sporty. Fun. Soon the action would kick off.
His body tingled. It actually tingled! The feeling started in his trembling fingertips but became an anticipatory quiver in his chest and spread to his legs. Should he help everyone get sliced apart together, or maybe draw this out and let everyone experience his or her moment alone, or perhaps destroy the cameras in the room and disable the haunt control's sight so the four security lasers could locate them haphazardly, or maybe, maybe—Gah, maybe what? Stop and breathe. Ssslllloooowwwwllllyyyy. Maybe he should take a census. Planning death was so...much...fun!
With a chirping whistle, something gathered energy. Yes! The haunt control was using the security lasers. One whirred in waking motion. Kamikaze turned to the far corner of the room where a laser stirred directly above the investors. It peered left, adjusted right, looked down. A small camera on its barrel focused on the closest investor, that bald Sesnit who kept picking her blue ear and flicking aside the treasure. The richest of the three. Boy, after Kamikaze showed her an exciting massacre, she'd surely invest.
Kamikaze turned Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker's speckled side toward him as if gazing into a pair of eyes. A tear distorted his vision, and he said with a swollen heart, "Thank you so much for this gift. I'll share it with as many as possible." He sniffled, eased the speaker onto the floor, and looked up at the laser with the faint red lens blinking in its barrel. Why was it so sluggish? Those lasers usually aimed quickly, but perhaps the bug affecting the haunt control slowed it down. Or maybe the "ah, ah, ah, ah, here we go 'round the mulberry bush" the haunt control was spouting.
Kamikaze balled his hands—darted into a jump! He burst into the air, blasted toward the laser like a hungry rhinoceros stampeding over the maître d' who had admitted that its favorite restaurant had run out of lemongrass.
A strangled "tarnation" escaped Sesnit's lips. That word again. She and Brahalta took cover behind a potted plant.
Kamikaze slammed into the laser. Bent it back. Almost gouged out his eye with its barrel. The laser exploded into teeth of shrapnel. Kamikaze fell. Still clutched the barrel. His arm flared with pain. A piece of shrapnel, embedded along his flesh. He yanked it out. Cool. That thing really scorched.
What was his next move? Legion kept telling him to use his head in situations like this, but his neck was more prone to cracking. His employment record corroborated this.
"Galsenty," Brahalta cursed.
Another laser turret roused. Adjusted its focus and aimed at the investors. Kamikaze rocketed up. Collided with it. Forced it against the wall. Machinery tore inside, clanged—the turret sparked and jounced. A series of snaps signified its futile attempts to fire.
At the opposite corner of the room, another laser. It drew a red aiming beam across the floor. Up the middle of Hofnar's sweat-stained Eastern Haralsian suit. Kamikaze had to act quickly, or Hofnar might not relish the death he so richly deserved for being such a good visitor. And for using his pleases and thank-yous. Kamikaze bulleted across the room. Grabbed the laser's barrel. Slammed against a locked door. He hung off the humming barrel, its laser cutting a line into the runner carpet. He forced it down—it snapped under his weight. Kamikaze plunged to the floor, a small cylinder in his fight-ready fist.
That last laser. Already targeting Sesnit. Sesnit stumbled backward into Topsy and Turvy, blurted another "tarnation." She looked alarmed, and who wouldn't when receiving a dull death? Kamikaze had to move quickly, or Sesnit would be unimpressed. Sorry, haunt control, old girl, but there were more satisfying ways to dispatch someone than this simplistic nonsense. The haunt control needed to use more creativity when the Good Guys had guests.
Kamikaze trained his aim on the laser. Cut the air with his hand, flung the dead barrel. The barrel spun into the laser's chassis. Pierced it. Redirected its red beam. The beam deflected up. Cut the laser's fastening bracket. The laser lurched downward. Snapped off its fastenings. Crashed to the ground in a burst of machinery.
Was it over? The room now redolent with sulfur, Kamikaze examined the investors. Sesnit and Brahalta wore long, wide mouths, and the bottom half of Hofnar's tie dropped away. A black line marked his suit, but he appeared unharmed. Good. Kamikaze always believed some deaths ought to be savored, especially those foretold by insane haunt control death prophecy speakers.
Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker was his soul mate.
* * *
Unlocked. Reef needed this door unlocked. He had to break the investors out of the reception lobby before the haunt control killed them. Or before Kamikaze did.
He wouldn't fail those investors. Before the haunt control's sanity had melted, the Good Guys had sorely needed the investors' money. Now that things had run amok, the investors sorely needed his protection. His fingers squeezed tightly around the butt of his gun. He wouldn't fail them.
The hallway in which Reef stood led to a lobby door, locked now that everything had gone crazy. He needed to reach the lobby behind this door, this all-but-inconsequential boundary blocking him from those investors.
He slid his pistol into its holster and felt an undeniable gnaw in his gut that made him want to smash through the door, to help those who needed him most. He wouldn't fail those investors. Not like...not like...
His hands began to tremble. No! He swallowed, cold sweat on his brow. His blood felt empty of a buzz. His mouth dried. Nnngggg, here It came with Its niggling impulses. The It. On the trip here, he'd remembered that a lonely twelve-pack sat in the kitchen's fridge doojigger. But he withheld. He'd gone almost three years without that stuff. He wouldn't break his sobriety now. To keep from grabbing the beer, he had used every ounce of resistance against It. He didn't know why he now felt Its constant urges, but he'd felt them since joining the Good Guys. Whenever a crisis came, he thought to hightail it to a bottle. Thank crock he hadn't brought that poison along. But...what tempting poison it was. Just one sip. Couldn't hurt...right? That would ease the shaking.
No. The rational side of his brain dragged that thought kicking and screaming and digging scratch marks across the surface of his mind. Almost three years dry. Maintain control. He wouldn't give in to It.
Though whiskey was his drink of choice, that beer distracted him from the responsibility that awaited him on the other side of the door. Exactly like his failed responsibility toward—
The zap of a laser blast! A clatter! A battle raged behind the door. And if Kamikaze was involved, Reef would soon be mopping up blood. Maybe some brain.
Okay, okay. He didn't give Kamikaze enough credit. Kamikaze wasn't a complete idiot. He obeyed orders well, which made him an incomplete idiot. Unless that order conflicted with an opportunity to die. Or to get mangled and die. Okay, scratch that. Kamikaze was 100 percent an idiot.
The shakes were growing stronger. Reef cursed and slammed his palm on the door. It rattled. Too bad he held no faith in that fable, Alaphus. If Alaphus—or God, or Jah, or Yahweh, or the Billion-Armed Octopus, or whatever He called Himself—existed, He had long ago abandoned Reef. And why not? Reef didn't matter. Not to a hypothetical Alaphus. How could a benevolent being of the highest power allow Reef to cause pain to his family, to his son? How could He allow Reef to abandon them at the bottom of a bottle thanks to the influence of It? That was proof enough of His nonexistence. Had Legion stood here, he'd try to pray this door open. Alaphus. Pff. What a gyp.
(beer)
Something above clicked. Reef skirted his eyes along the beveled ceiling. Quiet music leaked from a public address speaker concealed along the wall: "Three blind mice—ahh, ahh—three blind mice—ooh, ooh."
Crazed haunt controls, public-domain lyrics, disco beats, randomly locking doors. Never during his seventeen years with IP or after his discharge had he faced a situation so odd. If those IP decision-makers hadn't placed him on a mission in the Good Guys, he wouldn't be facing this situation now.
His thoughts returned to the fridge doojigger. A drink needed him. He felt it, tasted it, sympathized with it. Beer. Or Gharalgian vodka. Or Gharalgian beer vodka. That sounded...like foggy tar water. Back to beer. He moistened his lips at the flavor he already tasted in his mind. He stepped away from the door. Only one. The shaking in his hands eased, just a little. One wouldn't hurt—
No. Almost three years dry. No beer.
He had to open this door, yet the two opposing urges—beer and responsibility—pulled him apart like quartering horses. He wouldn't fail anyone. He had a mission. People needed him.
He scanned the door in a Z sweep. "Gabber, acknowledge. Contact entity Kamikaze." The gabber's extensions curled around his head and chin.
(beer)
The imagined taste of earthy beer's nectar played across his tongue and stained his thoughts until the gabber said, "Contacting entity Kamikaze. Connection attained." His hands trembled with renewed vigor.
The haunt control still sang, "Oh, Danny Boy, get down, get down," and it grew louder. Danny Boy had to get down?
The connection opened, and, through his earpiece, Reef clearly heard the resonance of metal thudding against the carpeted floor. Afraid of the answer, he nevertheless asked, "Kamikaze, is everything okay in there? Is anyone hurt?"
"Reef, I'm going to die! Isn't that great?"
Yeow! Reef cringed and put a hand to his ear as if to stifle Kamikaze's shout. He needed to find something to fit over that lunatic's mouth to shut him up. A muffler or a gag. Or a horse bit.
"That's great. Look, Kamikaze, this is serious. I'm just outside the lobby. I'm trying to open this door, but in the meantime the investors can't autoresurrect like you. They can die. Permanently."
A muzzle would also work.
(beer)
Shut up, It. "Have any of them gotten between you and a light-bullet?"
"No. Unfortunately, nobody died. Otherwise, their money would be as good as snagged. I'm serious. Their bank's thumbprint readers are practically sticking out of their back pockets, waving at me." Kamikaze's clothes shuffled.
"And I shall hear, though soft you tread above me," the speaker sang. Reef wanted to plug a light-bullet into it.
Reef placed a hand on the door. "Nevertheless, maybe it's a good idea to keep them alive. Thumbprint readers have security features. Much like you should."
Beer.
"Hadn't thought of that." Kamikaze didn't sound the least bit disappointed. Nothing could deter him from a slaughter. What was worse was when he had his slaughters catered.
"I'll force my way in somehow." Why wouldn't Reef's hands stay still?
"Meanwhile, I'll break my neck smashing the door down. That's a great idea! Glad you thought of it and wholeheartedly grant me consent—"
"No. Not now. Later. And I'll help. Haunt con—" Wait. He'd addressed the haunt control simply—
Bbbbbeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrr.
—on reflex. He wanted the haunt control to open the door, but it was in no mood to beer him.
He rapped his knuckles on the door. Haunt controls reinforced sliding doors. But, since the haunt control was acting about as predictably as Power Plant whenever a bag of sugar mysteriously went missing, this door might not be reinforced. Reef might be able to shoulder it hard enough to damage it. "Okay, Kamikaze—"
"Whatever you're about to say, can it end with 'I'm going to kill you'?"
"No!" Reef stifled a pang of frustration. On second thought, maybe it should end with that. He set his jaw to keep from spitting words he'd later regret. Breathing slowly, he formed a fist, about to strike the door, but loosened it before he beered. "Look, you aren't to use your hyperability to kill anyone."
"Can you? I don't even know what it is. Can it be used to kill me?"
"Kamikaze, please take this seriously. I'm going to see if I can beer—I mean, force my way in—"
Beer beer beer! Beerbeerbeerbeer—
Thoughts of beer sliced into his brain like serrated shards of glass. But he had to stay dry—
BEER!
He pulled tufts of hair in taut, juddering hands and concentrated, concentrated deeply, focused on nothing but the door. Only the beer—door. The door. Three years dry!
BBBEEEEEEEEEEE—Shut up! "Kamikaze, get everyone away from the door. I'm coming in." He steeled his shoulder, stepped back, and dug his heel into the floor.
Never again would he fail anyone, especially over something as useless as alcohol. Not after he'd failed his own family. He leaped into a charge toward the door. But the door slid away. He slipped, tripped on his feet, stumbled into the lobby, and banged his chin on the carpet. A mechanical gyration tittered behind him. He rolled onto his back and rubbed his chin where it had attacked the floor. And...oh no...a swarm of football-sized security drones leaped along the wall and entered, their steel talons slamming into the doorframe.
"Deploying security drones," the haunt control said. "Twinkle, twinkle, little star."
Chapter Eleven: Inanity Squared
"Ya okay?" Power Plant asked Franchise. He grabbed the lockers that had slammed over his friend's head and flung them aside. Good thing they were featherlight. Otherwise, Franchise would be suffering from a blunted skull. The sneaker that had dropped out of the overhead compartment of Power Plant's locker was bad enough, but worse was that it had spilled the growth culture thriving inside its heel. That growth reeked of mold. It had built a moss metropolis in there that now spread across the floor like desiccated peanut butter on moldy bread. The growth culture's economy was probably plummeting.
"I'm fine." Franchise stumbled up and rubbed a fierce bruise welling on his head. Chicks dug bruises almost as much as they dug bruises on guys cooler than Franchise and Power Plant. "Stupid lockers. Why'd they fall?" He began cracking his knuckles.
"'Cause they tipsied over." Wasn't that obvious?
"No, I mean, what made them tip over?" Crick, crick.
"Gravy. No, wait. Gravity. Or...whichever ya put on turkey or potatoes or pancakes or whatevers? The other one. Or maybe not. The one with a g in it. Okay, lemme begins over by sayin' I likes chocolate pudding."
"I don't think you understand," Franchise said. Power Plant wondered why this was news.
"Incoming connection from entity Harrier," Power Plant's gabber said.
"Gabber, acknowledge. Accepts connection." Whoa. Big mouthful of words. Hurt to say them all at once.
"Connection accepted."
"Jeffrey? Please respond. Jeffrey, we must speak at the present."
"Harrier, what up?" Power Plant sat on a bench, felt something jab him, stood up, flung aside the brush he'd sat on, and sat down again. "Been a longs time. Well, not longs enough if ya keep sayin's my name like that."
"Jeffrey, we have no time for small talk such as this."
Fine. So he'd talk big. He could pull that off as easily as he could pull off a double-barreled cartwheel twist-flip—except he couldn't pull that off. Okay, talk big. "Look, buddy, you wants a piece o' me, ya have to finds me. So don't goes lookin' in the locker room, or I'll gonna bust—"
"Jeffrey, please. The haunt control is off its trolley. You must remove the override pin from your gabber. Pluck it off the back with your thumbnail. Be quick, before the blooming haunt control realizes you have yet to do so. If Franchise is in your accompaniment, he must do likewise. And swiftly. There is little time."
Good. No words longer than twenty letters. He might actually understand half this conversation. "Gotcha, punk, buts watch yer back, or I'll slammin's it across a l-tech somethin'. But a l-tech somethin' that's hard and pokey, not one o' them softs and wimpy l-tech somethin's. Gabbers control, acknowledge. Holds connection." His gabber's headgear retracted. He flicked the gabber out of his ear and slid out the override pin. After he dropped the pin into his pocket, he placed the gabber back in his ear. "Gabber, acknowledge. Resumes connection." To Harrier, he said, "Done, punker."
"Smashing. Now, please, you'd best join me in the mess hall. I am gathering those present on Station One. We will have a more controlled situation if we all remain in one location. Again, act swiftly. Already, when last I spoke with Reef, Kamikaze was trapped inside the reception lobby with the investors. Or, rather, they were trapped inside the reception lobby with Kamikaze. Let's gather and sort this problem together. I must depart, but hasten to the mess hall. Cheers, mate. Gabber, acknowledge. Cut connection."
"Connection terminated by other user." The connection clicked off.
"What was that all about?" Franchise asked.
Power Plant looked up at him. "Lotta big words."
Chapter Twelve: Ain't We Got Fun
Into the reception lobby flooded the black security drones, six that hopped along the air like levitating rabbits. More followed, clinging to walls, some to the ceiling, and still others to the floor. One swung along the chandelier. Bottlenecked in the doorframe, they still funneled in at an overwhelming rate with locustlike chittering.
From the corner of the room, Kamikaze hooted. "Yes, finally my death will come. And how unexpected: the fifth plague."
Reef sprang to his feet. That beer suddenly meant more to him than anything else in the galaxy. What he wouldn't give to help a beer in need of a swim through his liver. At least his hands weren't shaking at the moment. He looked over at the investors, three drones closing in on them. Security was one thing he bet they wouldn't invest in.
He tapped his gabber, and its mouthpiece and earpiece retreated. He didn't need them in the way during combat.
In this battle, his pistol wouldn't help: close quarters, an assortment of furniture, adversaries moving too quickly to target. But he had no other weapon. To his left, a short flagpole stood out of a socket in the floor and projected IP's flapping insignia, which was a sun surrounded by six stars, one star representing each planet in the solar system of Renovodomus. He ripped the pole out of its socket, and the flag projection sputtered to its death. He spun the flagpole around to place it along the back of his right forearm.
The first security drone crunched into the ground in a jump that somehow had more momentum going down than coming up. Its beetlelike body looked up at Reef, hoisting onto the six legs that extended from its underbelly. Its two lenses focused on Reef as, behind it, three more drones spilled in. They enthusiastically separated strategically like lawyers covering a highway pileup.
Kamikaze gasped. "They have their pincers out now. Scalp me, boys!"
Reef watched the closest security drone, whose longer right lens opened its iris for a wider scan. The left lens blinked with a clack to select another visual spectrum through which to see. Behind that lens, the light changed from deep red to pale green.
Reef glanced to his side. "Topsy and Turvy!" Sounded like his stomach most of the time. "Hide the investors behind the reception desk and keep their heads down." The twins complied, fortunately with less of a death wish than Kamikaze. Reef had to protect those investors. He couldn't fail anyone.
The investors frenzied toward the four-foot reception desk. One of them—Brahalta, Reef guessed by the thick voice—bellowed a curse word, but it was too quiet to pick out.
The drone in front of Reef buzzed and bared its legs. It pounced at Reef's head, so he swung and smashed it against a wall. It cracked into crushed gears and fell, but another drone replaced it.
Reef wanted to use his hyperability here. The urge pulled at his bones. Why couldn't he tell someone, at least one person, what it was? Not even Legion knew.
Kamikaze swatted at two drones that double-teamed his skull. One attacked with hit-and-run jumps. The other clung to his scalp, grating his eyebrow with its legs. Under one arm, he held a public address speaker.
"Kamikaze, use that speaker to bash the drones."
"No way! Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker is my soul mate. I have to protect her." He slammed a fist into the hit-and-run drone, pancaked it against the desk. Its back shattered on the desk's edge like crushed glass.
"Maybe you can tell your soul mate to turn down the disco. As in stop it. And maybe it can nix the mirror ball on the ceiling." Spinning lights gave Reef vertigo.
Kamikaze yanked off the drone attached to his scalp. "You wussified security drone. Gouge my eyes out with both pincers! Do I have to tell you how to do everything?"
Along the doorframe, ceiling, and walls, five more drones hopped in. They scurried like hungry spiders toward a meal of trapped flies, pincer legs clacking against the carpet. Why had IP bought so many? And why was the haunt control singing a disco version of the alphabet song?
A drone caught Reef's hair, tangled its legs in a lock, yanked. Flashes of searing pain. These things must weigh forty pounds! He yelped, whacked the drone with the flagpole. Another drone slammed into his face. Twitching pincers snatched his nose and lips, pierced his cheek, sliced his forehead, sliced his chin. He dropped the flagpole.
Another drone crawled up his leg, cut his knee. Yet another grabbed his foot. He tripped with arms forward. He smashed his knee against a chair, destroying the drone that clung to his leg. It flopped, died with a choke of steam and the ashen smell of smoke. The shattered components that popped out its belly lacerated Reef's knee.
Another drone crawled across Reef's back and reached the indentation of his spine. It jumped away, curled into a ball—slammed into him. He grabbed the drone that attached to his face, forced every gear and limb against mechanical resistance. It chugged, clanked, but he peeled it off. Still trapped in Reef's hands, it opened its back along a seam, extended a spinning saw blade that whirred toward Reef's forehead.
"Cut me? I don't think so." Reef underhanded the drone into the hall. It squeaked, skidded along the terrazzo floor, dug its pincers in to stop itself. It retracted the blade, regained coordination, and scurried back in. Reef stomped on it when it reached him.
All this time, Kamikaze hooted about his dream come true: death by tiny mechanical insects. Since when was that his dream come true? Yesterday, it had been death by clown apocalypse, and before that, death by robot assembly-line malfunction, and before that, death by any means necessary.
An anguished cry. One of the drones had reached the investors. That's it, you crocking malware, Reef thought. I'll show you "ah ah, A-B-C-D-I-E."
Reef pressed against a wall, crushed to pieces the drone that clung to his spine. It flopped against him, its chassis sandwiched. The one that clung to his foot met the same crunching fate when he stomped it into a display placard of IP photographs. The drone fell, and Reef slammed his heel into it to make sure it stayed down. The drone on his head cut a second gash along his hairline. Reef slammed his forehead against the placard. Again. The drone split apart. Reef roared, feeling the sting of the mashed gears against his brow.
The investors had taken cover behind the reception desk. They peeked over its top like frightened children. Good thing the haunt control hadn't implemented the high-end security drones. Meant for riots, they used cutting lasers. These low-end drones could deal with only one foe at a time. Their aged bodywork made shattering them easy.
Reef snatched up his flagpole—"Kamikaze, catch!"—tossed it, and bounded toward the reception desk. He leaped up, landed on his open palms, and swung a wide, semicircular kick. He struck one drone, spun, kicked another. He hopped into the foray of investors, grabbed a third from Hofnar's torn collar, smacked it against the wall. It shattered, legs twitching spasmodically. Smoke sizzled against Reef's fingers.
Another drone leaped forward. Reef flung the destroyed drone at the hopper. The two collided, slammed back in a crash-landing of spewed parts and gears.
And then silence.
Reef examined the room. The drones lay in strewn shambles. His chest slackened, and he dropped his arms. Only the hollow clank of a drone hitting the floor broke the silence.
Kamikaze grabbed an inert drone that, in death, still clung to his back. He smacked it against a wall. Its body already destroyed, it flattened easily.
Then singing replaced the peace. "—in the dell / dig it / the farmer in the dell." A speaker, affixed to the ceiling in the hall.
"Shut the piss up." Reef grabbed a drone corpse and whipped it at the speaker. It struck, and the speaker dislodged and smashed onto the floor, bursting apart. Silence resumed.
Two drone legs jutted out of Kamikaze, one from his right nostril and the other from his right ear. Reef ignored the pincers in favor of the more pressing concern: "Kamikaze, you actually stopped them from killing you. What's wrong?"
Kamikaze returned Reef's question with a smile. "Just protecting Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker." A grimace of realization appeared on his face. He put a hand to his ear and tapped the leg that stuck out. He wrapped his fingers around it and yanked once, twice—it squished out. Strangely enough, when he yanked out that leg, the one in his nose retracted. Now he held a connected pair of legs splashed with blood and snot. He casually examined the skewer. "Cool. Brains."
He dropped the legs. Taking the speaker from underneath his arm, he brought it up. "I love you, Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker. You've always been my biggest supporter in my never-ending quest to die the perfect death."
"I love you, too, Good Guy entity Kamikaze. Buffalo gals, won't you—"
"Not now."
Chapter Thirteen: It Was Better Coming Up than Going Down
The mess hall. Power Plant didn't know why IP called it that, since the cleaning robots got angry whenever he flung a handful of peas and onion paste at someone he probably shouldn't fling it at.
The hall looked sparsely occupied. A room that fit up to three hundred people or one hundred raging thundermammals (those things rocked when it came to clearing a crowd), the mess hall came complete with a kitchen, several soda machines, lines of dining tables, and other incredible doodads. Like food.
"Control, acknowledge. Makes chair." Power Plant hopped onto his chair after it rose from a slot in the ground using some mixture of technology and magic table beans. He surveyed the gathered masses. About seventeen people—Harrier, Franchise, Momentum, Null, and a gathering of construction contractors and building-code inspectors—had amassed here for support. Except the janitorbot. It didn't support much. It just stank. Why smart people used stinky robots confounded Power Plant. At least, when compared with the janitorbot, Power Plant smelled like cologne, though Mark never let him wear that stuff: he kept spraying it in his eyes. Aim was not his strong suit, which was weird because he shot lasers at everything. How often had he shot himself in the foot? Ah, the memories.
A hubbub of congealed voices, all speaking individual words, mixed into a single babble that produced only the sounds of the letters b and h. Laughter pierced the collective voice, though rarely. Given the situation, the laughter was always forced. At least it almost drowned out the haunt control's awful rendition of a children's nursery rhyme that an electronic disco singer shrieked with all the talent involved in performing with a mouth full of bread.
"May I take your order, Good Guy entity Power Plant?" the kitchen's haunt control said.
"Yeah." Power Plant sat, nearly knocking his head on a low-flying light panel. He smacked his lips, faced the paltry crowd, and leaned back on the table with his elbows. "I wanna eats a steak covered wit' some o' that—what do ya names that garlic stuff? Oh, yeah, garlic. Wit' more steak on the garlic." Mmmm. He already tasted the mesquite.
"Good Guy entity Burnout has removed steak from your list of allowable foods. Your order has been changed to...salad."
Aw, geez. First sugar, now this. Without his seventeen servings of red meat a day, how could he fulfill his duty of acting up and getting in the way of things? "Fine. I'll eats a freakin' salad. Again." Just as well. Ordering from the haunt control right now would probably result in getting poisoned.
"Completing order. It shall be ready in fourteen seconds. Your patience during these fourteen seconds is appreciated. It's a long way to Tipperary / yeah, uh-huh."
Two seconds too late, a serving what's-it delivered a plate of food via propelled flight and a hinged, segmented arm that reached to its flat-paneled back and lifted the food onto the table. The what's-it sputtered away.
"If I may speak to you all," Harrier said from a corner of the mess hall, his British accent using consonants Power Plant had no hope of pronouncing. But, somehow, he understood. Harrier was one of those smart people. Maybe not as smart as Mark but smart enough.
Power Plant stood on his chair to see that others stopped roaming. He leaned over for a handful of salad. Ugh. The lettuce tasted murky and the tomatoes were powdery. Nice one, amok haunt control.
Harrier stood on a table whose height was set to a strange eight feet, above even the tallest person, that gangly construction foreman with the foggy eye that really freaked Power Plant out. His eye looked ready to roll out of its socket.
Harrier stepped in an esteemed strut about the tabletop, and his yellow-and-blue impact suit glistened in the light. He spoke in that accent where he didn't pronounce r at the ends of his words. Power Plant wanted to tell him r was there for a reason.
Harrier raised a hand, long talons at the ends of his fingers. "Here is our situation at present. We are unable to locate Legion and are growing concerned over his whereabouts. Despite our situation, we must take precautions. We must remain in control. Remember, once we lose control, hope is snookered, and people will panic and perish, and the carnage may somehow end up in our food.
"What with Pincushion offsite for hostage-negotiation training, everybody on Station One is accounted for. Everybody, that is, save Legion. Reef is escorting our guests here, so I am taking command until he arrives. We've bolted the doors to prevent any attacks. For the moment, we shall await Ace Spandex to call upon resolution of whatever brassed off our haunt control—"
A boom erupted. The door behind Harrier bulged backward but remained anchored to its sliding mechanism. Like comic-strip exclamation points in speech balloons, startled screams shot from the crowd. Someone fainted. Franchise yipped and took cover behind a table, the bruise on his forehead turning purple. Momentum sped to the front of the crowd. Another boom erupted, and the screams repeated, accompanied by a startled jump from some. Those people nearest to the door backed away when a third boom rocked the mess hall. Harrier spread his feathery wings and glided to the floor. His blond hair settled when he landed. Backing away, he pulled out a pistol and joined the crowd.
The door blew off its frame in twisted wreckage. It bounced off its corner and slammed into one poor Constructo Company guy's face, knocking him down. It slid across the floor with a patch of blood painting its side. The construction worker stayed down. The mess hall's cleaning robot was going to have a fit.
Never mind. That was what had smashed through the door.
The cleaning robot, which doubled as the laundry robot, wheeled slowly into the mess hall, every bump and pebble in its path affecting its movement. Its conical shape, its arms that swiveled on hinges, its wheeled feet with even less range of motion, and its stubby head reminded Power Plant to ask later if IP shopped for all the Good Guys' equipment at Dyscount Security Goods. "Where the y in dyscount stands for yatisfaction," the slogan said, and even Power Plant knew that made no sense.
Its eye, a single, deep-red light, shined from side to side along a thin slit in its visual sensor. The robot wheeled into the mess hall with clanks that produced as much ruckus as Car Alarm. Its armor, as durable as bomb-shelter lining, amplified the clanking, which tumbled through the mess hall. Someone needed to shut that thing up. Power Plant silently voted for the foreman with the foggy eye.
A shirt drooped from an impractical claw, stained in splotches of color. "H-h-hey." Franchise had forgotten his onset of fright, though he remained clammy and pale. "That's my shirt it's holding. It was laundering my whites. Those are my whites it ruined!"
Power Plant scowled. "I'll avenges your whites."
"My whites are pinks now."
"Just be thankfuls it doin' your shirts. No way I wants that thing wheelin' in here with a fistful o' your tight whites."
"What are my tight whi—Oh."
Chapter Fourteen: The Man Has a Passion
Ace Spandex stepped aside so the chubby Smithereens could affix the last circular plastique connector to the door. It suctioned into place, but Smithereens slapped it to squash it on firmly. The plastique released a stench like rancid grapes. With a detonator held in his right hand, he retreated to beside Ace. He bobbed on his feet and licked his lips excitedly, which caused his mustache to twitch. Ace had no clue how deeply Smith's fascination ran, but the bomb expert might need counseling.
Smithereens fixed the collar of his orange bomber jacket. "Okay, buddy, you ready for the squash up the nosh? The screech in the steech? The—"
"Yeah, Smith, I'm ready. Do you even know what half those words mean? What in Alaphus's starry skies is a steech?"
"It's something a screech is in." Smithereens eyed the door the way a dog eyed a slab of steak.
Ace flopped a hand at the building. "Just blow the door open. Please."
Smith's hunger soured, and his head craned forward at Ace Spandex. The wrinkles of his forty-eight age cycles announced themselves in a streetlamp. "You serious, buddy? You're absolutely talking serious to the Smitherator? To the Door Terminator? You can't 'just blow the door open,' buddy. There's a ceremony, eh, a certain awe, a...tribute of respect to pay. Come on, buddy."
Ace Spandex couldn't believe this. "Just blow it open. I need to get in to unplug that stupid haunt control. It's been leatherizing holographic cows."
"No, buddy. Uh-uh." Smithereens folded his arms, and the detonator now peeked out from under his left armpit. "Buddy, I refuse to perform this boom-boom for the zoom-zoom without saying a few words. Without a wave to the save, buddy. Without a notion for the explosion. Without honor for the goner explosives that will give their lives for this job, eh. This cannot happen. No way, buddy. Let's pay respecterino."
Ace Spandex's temperature rose several degrees. If he had to, he'd nail Smithereens to the door and slam his palm on the detonator himself. "Smith, I escaped this tower by climbing down fifteen stories on the outside. I dropped down four of them. My body aches. My ribs feel like serrated knives. I'm hungry. I ran out of gum an hour ago. With the urgency of the matter right now, I have no respecterino and I'm certainly not in the mood to 'say a few words' to 'honor these goner explosives.' So, if you would please—"
* * *
"We gather here today," Ace Spandex droned, holding his hat in both hands against his chest, he and Smithereens beside each other with heads bowed solemnly, "to honor the explosives and plastique who give their spirits so we can gain entry to this tower. We thank them and pray Alaphus guides them unto Explosive Heaven...or wherever dead substances of destruction go. Amen."
A moment of silence followed. Ace checked his watch. They needed to get on with this. All he heard were the wind and Smithereens's meditative breathing.
Over the wistful breeze, Smith's less-than-melodic voice rose quietly. "Aaaaa-maaa-zing grace, buddy / how sweet the sound, eh..."
Chapter Fifteen: Hidden in the Sweaty Underarms of Flapping Flesh
A shove hurled Legion through the sliding door. He stumbled outside into Station One's parking lot and onto the ground, scraping a gash along his arm to match the one Schizophrenic had earlier cut above his nostrils. It burned in dots along his flesh.
Alaphus, I'm in serious trouble. Where are You? he prayed.
"Move out of the way, you bloated sack of innards." Lefty snorted from behind him. He stepped out the building and smacked his boot onto the lot's asphalt.
Legion twisted his body to look up at Schizophrenic. He reeled aside to avoid Schizophrenic stepping on him as the Bad Guy passed. Multipurpose and his noxious perspiration exited the building in some weird ninja strut that made him wince. Scapegoat stumbled through last, his hunched back pointing his head forward. His hands twiddled around his chin and scratched the air. He babbled something low and unintelligible.
The nighttime cycle had fallen on Station One, so a brisk air whistled past. Station One's atmospheric bubble tinted to block any errant sunlight, so visibility was limited to only what the parking lot's grid of lampposts illuminated.
Only two minutes ago, Legion and Schizophrenic had run into Multipurpose and Scapegoat. Legion didn't blame himself for it. That globular pile of ninja blubber was so humungous he was hard not to run into. In fact, Legion had almost fallen into that inflated ninja's folds of fat.
Sweat coated Multipurpose. His pudgy finger edged along his sai. Scapegoat was in no better shape: his hunchbacked head reached a foot ahead of his waist, making him look like a giant number seven.
Upon finding Schizophrenic, Multipurpose had handed him a small cylinder. Schizophrenic had hungrily popped it open to reveal a collection of toothpicks. One immediately flew between Lefty's teeth. His expression melted in bliss.
Legion rolled onto his stomach. He moved to stand, but Schizophrenic's boot landed squarely on the base of his spine and flattened him to the ground. He prayed quickly for the self-control not to jump up and crunch both of Schizophrenic's heads together so hard all four brain hemispheres would share the same space. He was already miffed over their detour to his office. They'd upended his trash ionizer and spread its residue over his floor. Just for kicks. That was the last time he answered "Where do you sleep?" with "Usually in my office." Yeah, real smart move.
"Walk, freshly laid turd." Lefty shifted his toothpick around his mouth.
"If you'd let me stand, I would," Legion said. Too bad he was unarmed or else...or else Schizophrenic would grab his Marsek again and pistol-whip him. Legion wasn't strong enough to fight him, anyway, and the blood dripping from the gash on his nostril proved it as well as made him sneeze.
Legion lurched up with grating pinches along his leg. He detected the gassy fumes from the parking lot ahead.
Lefty said to Multipurpose, "Okay, more freshly laid turd, remind me: where's this mil-tran you so inconspicuously parked among all the civ-trans? And Scapegoat, stop picking your nose."
Multipurpose chugged phlegm up his throat, still caressing his sai with his forefinger. "In the Raging Italian in a Sausage Factory lot."
"And that section is where?" Lefty looked at Legion.
Legion recollected his thoughts. Thinking was tough with pain sluicing up his leg. He sneezed, which splattered blood on the ground. "It's about three minutes ahead of us."
Multipurpose carefully slid a staff out from behind his back. The move made him wince through his teeth. "If he's lying, let me at him. I have my crock-kicking quarterstaff, and it's raring for a beating. Let's see how it takes to his kneecaps."
Lefty said, "If you're lying—"
"It'd be no worse than being hugged in a crowd of that ninja's blubber." Legion stepped away from Multipurpose. "He smells like rotten caramel."
"Good point. If you're lying, you go in there." Schizophrenic pointed to the folds of Multipurpose's doughy flesh.
"Come to Papa." Multipurpose jiggled with a squeak like a balloon twisting, reaching toward Legion as if grabbing for a cherished cheesecake. Good thing Legion hadn't eaten much today. Otherwise, those cleaningbots would slap him with a vomiting fine. Already, his stomach spun from trying to figure out which two of Multipurpose's chins were really lips.
Lefty searched the hushed lot. "I see the mil-tran. Too bad. Multipurpose's fat rolls could have used the visitor. It's hot like an oven in there." Snort.
Though Constructo Company owned perhaps only ten of the transports here to shuttle workers back and forth, the silent parking lot was packed because IP kept company transports here for storage. Legion looked out into the lot and spotted the Bad Guys' mil-tran. Its roof extended above the roofs of the other transports by six feet and it spread wider by ten, which made it as discreet as a baboon on a dinner table.
Schizophrenic led the way. He prodded Legion ahead in a twisting path through the transports.
Mass-trans usually brought commuters to and from Station One as often as every few hours. Now, at night, nothing. So, because of the lack of commuters, the parking lot had dropped into an uncomfortable quietude. Legion heard nothing except his and the Bad Guys' footsteps, a breeze that hushed through the streets, and Multipurpose's legs chafing together.
They reached the Derelict mil-tran and assembled around the driver's door. The parking lot was underlit, but a lamp beamed directly down on them.
"Is this mil-tran activated by voice recognition or password?" Lefty asked.
"Password," Multipurpose said.
"Then get us in there." Schizophrenic grabbed Multipurpose's shoulder and yanked him toward the door. Multipurpose stumbled into the Derelict's roof—k-thunk—weighing it sideways. Its springs groaned.
He whirled around and pointed a finger up at Lefty's nose. "Next time you try that, I'll roundhouse kick you into the driver's seat. You got that?"
"I'll make you a deal. If your swollen beefcake manages to perform a roundhouse kick, I'll allow myself half a freaking second to feel impressed before I use the pavement to wipe your nose. Scapegoat, wipe your nose." Schizophrenic jabbed Multipurpose's gluttonous stomach. "Now tell it the password so we can go home."
"Hold the crock on." Multipurpose's pasty form rippled to allow him to reach into a pocket, which made Legion privy to yet another tasteless fact: Multipurpose's loincloth briefs had pockets. It was remarkable Legion could see those pockets with Multipurpose's rolls dripping over his belt. That "ninja" was so fat that when he sat around the space station, he sat around the—Okay, Legion had officially run out of fat jokes.
"You haven't memorized the password?" Lefty asked in disbelief.
"No, I haven't. I don't have enough time for all those syllables."
"I'll make you another deal. If you find anything inside the folds of your sweaty hip pocket, I'll buy you a weight-loss book so we never have to watch this little act again...assuming you don't eat the book."
Multipurpose held his sai to Schizophrenic. "Shut the crock up." He slammed a fist into a transport's door after that inspired retort. He retracted the fist and massaged it with an unspoken "ouch" shaping his mouth.
"I'll make you both a deal," Legion said. "If you end my life right now so I don't have to hear your bickering, I won't bleed all over you." Tolerating this conversation grew harder with each quip. And what made it even harder was the rotten rank of hot dogs wafting from Multipurpose with each clammy fold that rippled every time he rummaged around in his pocket.
"Sounds deal good to Scapegoat, yes yes."
"And what, pray tell, is your special-needs kid saying?" Legion raised his arms in a dumbfounded shrug. "I swear, you Terrans have been going downhill ever since you elected Kragg the Oppressor to your presidential office."
"Making sense of him is like making sense of a crossword puzzle when you read the words in order." Lefty clicked his tongue when Multipurpose dug into his other pocket. "Holy roly-poly, have you found it yet, or will I have to put on a gas mask?"
"All right, I crocking found it." Multipurpose retrieved a datasheet from his pocket, winced, and rubbed his shoulder gingerly. No way would Legion touch that datasheet after it had been curled up inside that fat lard's jiggles. If Multipurpose had laughed at all today, the resulting sweat would have dissolved the datasheet. Okay, so Legion had one more fat joke after all.
Multipurpose unrolled the datasheet that suctioned to itself with perspiration. The perspiration broke apart like hungry drool from a movie monster. One warm string smacked Legion in the cheek. Ugh! Legion slapped a hand over the line. He wasn't looking forward to spending time in a quarantine chamber because of that droplet of repugnancy.
Multipurpose turned on the datasheet, twisting his thumb on its activation icon and subjecting everyone to the squishy sound of sweat underneath the ninja's sausagelike digit. He read the datasheet. "The password is 'the grand smack doohack.'" He looked up at Schizophrenic.
Lefty wore "what the crock" all over his face. Righty looked as if the password had made perfect sense. "Asinine came up with that password, didn't he?" Lefty asked.
"With help from several lobotomies." Multipurpose shook some sweat off the datasheet.
Lefty nodded in disbelief. "What a nanothought."
"Lay off. I'm sick of your griping." Multipurpose tweezed a sai between two fingers as if to throw it.
"At least I got a reason to gripe: that dropped-on-his-head Asinine left me here to rot for four days. You're just a temperamental beach ball."
Legion glanced at the Bad Guys, whose backs faced him. Quietly, he stepped away, stepped away again, his steps masked when Lefty said, "Transport, license number B-A-D-G-Y V-six-five, acknowledge. Authorize entry. Password: the grand smack doohack." That password sounded even stupider when actually used.
Legion had retreated two meters with soundless, careful steps, and not even that ambling Scapegoat had interrupted his boogerfest to notice. Legion's next step took him against the transport behind him. Slowly, he bent his knees and lay on the cold asphalt. He rolled underneath the transport. He needed to conjure up a plan. These Bad Guys could not escape.
* * *
"Access granted. Transport unlocked." As if the voice weren't enough, the Derelict emitted a series of moronic blips that pinched Schizophrenic's ears. As soon as he got in the Derelict, he'd reset that password to something sensible. Maybe "who in the great gank thinks these passwords up." Crock, Scapegoat could have come up with a password more sensible than the absurd flapdoodle Asinine created. Asinine's thought process flowed as smoothly as a hairball choking up a cat's throat.
Lefty slapped Multipurpose's arm. "Get in. You're dri—Wait." The Good Guy. Wh-where—His jaw hit his collarbone. The feeling in his and Righty's shared gut plummeted more quickly than the level of respect he almost held for his fellow Bad Guys. "Where's that do-gooder gone? Weren't you watching him, pus puddle?"
Scapegoat said, "No watch do apologies we pus puddle  good—"
"Not you, Lost on Phonics. I meant someone with a passing knowledge of sentence structure, but the fat cue ball here will have to do." Lefty snapped the toothpick trapped in his teeth. Too bad that toothpick wasn't a bone splinter.
Like a mongrel chasing its own tail, Multipurpose turned to search the lot. He turned again, pivoting with that leather-on-leather abrasion sound that accompanied his every obese twist. He winced. This portly house of lard needed a serious tummy tuck.
Gazes flitted around. Multipurpose and Scapegoat simply stood and gawked at the arrangement of transports. Were they serious? Holy idiocy!
Multipurpose crunched a foot into a nearby Roadhog civ-tran. "The crocker's missing! Scapegoat wasn't watching him."
"Oh, great. You dunderheads lost him." Lefty loomed over Scapegoat. "This is your fault, you know. I told you to watch the prisoner." The hunchback's hyperability was to attract blame, but Schizophrenic would have condemned him for this mess no matter what.
"No, order no me given to."
"It isn't important what I forgot to tell you to do. Just find him." Lefty couldn't believe these idiots. One simple order he'd forgotten to give them and they'd forgotten to follow it. How could he accomplish even the smallest thing with these two botching up every command he neglected to yell?
Multipurpose jumped in a quarter turn and winced again. He limped off in one direction with a hand rubbing his elephantine inner thigh or at least the ripple of flab that substituted for it. Scapegoat lurched in another direction. Schizophrenic headed in a third.
Chapter Sixteen: But Is It Art?
The communication tower's front door exploded with the clamor of gigantic claws tearing it to shreds. Shrapnel rained forth in a thudding patter, and wind blasted at Ace Spandex. He curled into a ball to shield himself behind Smithereens, who stood like a stalwart general monitoring a battle on a hillside. His arms blocking his face, Ace Spandex pictured Smithereens with his hand held firmly outward on his brow and a rigid thumb still placed over the detonator button.
Ace expected the communications tower to topple toward them but, after the rainfall of debris settled, everything silenced to nothingness. The blast that had pushed him subsided, and around his cap, his hair dropped into its natural tangle. Bits of drywall and metal now speckled it.
He opened his eyes to assess the fragment-riddled area. Rubble littered the street. Now a misshapen maw, pieces of the new opening stuck out in an arrangement of directions like teeth on a mummy's corpse. Reminded him of his old landlord's mouth.
He stood and choked on the saliva that gathered underneath his tongue. Smithereens must have heard his gasp, because he winked. "Not a bad blast for the fast, eh, buddy?" He chopped off a salute, his eyes never leaving the wreckage.
"We have to get through that opening before the haunt control realizes it's missing and puts up a shield screen. And later you can explain to me what you just said."
Rocked from the explosion that still resonated in his mind, Ace Spandex stumbled over chunked brick toward the new opening. Good thing his ribs didn't hurt anymore. He reached the opening and stretched his step over the bottom of the wreckage, where he grazed his calf against a stone. The blast had trashed the building's main foyer. The explosion had shot inward and sprayed glass, brick, and metal at the wall on the other side. He supposed he'd be roped into cleaning up this mess later. Not his fault their only demolitions expert had a yen for overindulgence.
The foyer reeked of dust that tickled his nose. It looked messy, detritus scattered around like the leftovers of a scavenger's meal. The houseplants that had decorated the foyer were now hunks of bark with dirt strewn in wandering lines from shattered ceramic pots. Metal shards sliced the walls. The foyer's light panels were in pieces. Now, the only light emanated from outside streetlamps and filtered through the dentures of the opening. The front desk had met the same fate as the light panels.
Smithereens climbed through the new maw. He smiled—in fact, almost snickered—at his handiwork. Well, Ace could call it work, but it wasn't handy. Unless Smithereens was looking for a quick way to erase any semblance of a room's usefulness.
The dust felt chalky on Ace's skin. He punted away a loose clump of plaster, which disintegrated into powder. "Well, I guess that takes care of this room...and any chance I have of getting a raise, thanks to the Earl of Excess. Another job well done. Smith, we were supposed to blow open the door, not the entire room."
"Hey, buddy, I aim to please."
"No, you aim to blow everything up so no one's left to please."
"Eh, all in the name of art."
"The haunt-control computer is a short trip this way." Ace Spandex pointed at a hall that stretched from the foyer's right wall. Without waiting for Smithereens to spout another rhyming scheme that somehow meant everything would soon explode, he stepped toward a door. The light panels in the connecting hall remained lit, shining warm cones onto the ground.
Ace Spandex entered the hall—and recoiled. Oh no oh no oh no. He held his breath, held his step, held his motionless form in petrified fear. Security lasers, bracketed to the ceiling. Staring at him. Waiting for him. Hungry for him.
Guns made his skin ripple. He willed them away, closed his eyes but the lasers wouldn't disappear. He'd watched gunfire chew apart his family. He dared not finish the thought, but it pummeled into his attention.
It had happened six years ago. At his family's apartment complex, a security android manned the lobby to ensure tenant safety. Something—Ace Spandex never discovered what—ignited its processor with confusion.
Ace and his family returned home from somewhere he couldn't remember. He recalled only the android's gunfire that squirted his parents against the wall. His sister—the thought choked him—disintegrated next, spray-painted against a desk. Ace Spandex couldn't look at her crumpled form. Only by ducking around a corner had he avoided death. Still, a light-bullet had grazed his brow and left behind clotted skin. That tragedy made firearms unfathomable, untouchable objects.
As if sleeping, the lasers in this hallway remained motionless. If they were to wake, no way could Ace Spandex slink past them. Sure, Legion or Burnout could. They never froze like frightened toddlers. But guns—he shuddered—guns weren't Ace Spandex's field. He was the thinker, not the shooter. His home resided in communications. He trembled at the lasers that monitored him like patient stalkers awaiting an opportunity to strike. He had to control his shudders. Couldn't.
Shakily, Ace Spandex touched the scar on his right brow. He inched forward lightly. The security lasers could activate at any moment. He wanted to dart away, but any noise would wake his watchers.
He heard Smithereens shuffle closer behind him. Thankfully, Smith didn't announce his entry for once by yelling, "Kaboom!" If he made any nonsensical rhymes about wazooming the gazooming, he would pay with a volley of fire right up his gas-detonating pipe. The security lasers would make sure of that.
Ace Spandex gasped. This was not for him, this was not for him, this was not for him, tears welled in his eyes, this was not for him. He gasped again, squeezed his eyes shut, felt his tears leak onto moist cheeks. If those lasers activated, they'd slice him to ribbons. Then he'd never get to ask Mandy from that coffee shop on Gaia on a date.
He inched into a T-junction and felt sweat pool at his crotch as if he'd wet his pants. He peered left and spotted another security laser. The laser remained motionless as though its gears had rusted solid from underuse. Its barrel gaped straight into him, engaged him in a staring contest. He swore he smelled its charred metal.
He looked at the first laser. He saw the scorch mark discoloring the interior of its barrel. Who had it shot? His heart beat a staccato rhythm as loud as shotgun blasts. His lungs filled with burning pressure. He felt as if even the walls watched him with millions of unblinking eyes. This was no place for him. Not on the front lines. He worked as a communications expert, not a field agent. He bit his lower lip to stifle a cry as inevitable as a burgeoning yawn. His fingers became solid sculptures of claws. Why was he staring down the barrels of two security lasers? Crock, he couldn't even stare down his bubbe!
But who could blame him? His bubbe had the staring power of ten security lasers.
His lungs ached. He gasped...loudly. He looked up. Before he could stop himself—
—he snorted wetly.
"Sniveling target located and rock-a-bye baby on the tree top."
The security laser aimed at his abdomen with a deafening drone.
Oh, crock! Instinct took over. Ace stumbled to the left and rolled down the hall and banged his head on a wall. He glanced at the second laser—he couldn't die like this—hated guns and was certainly not a disco fan—felt at home with communication paraphernalia, not on the firing range of war—he was a communication engineer—a door, there was a door—the security laser aimed—more lasers emerged from flip panels in the ceiling—didn't want his head to become a doughnut—get to the door—unlocked—stuck. Jammed!—he shouldered it hard—again—chug-chug—bullet holes appeared in the wall where his head had been—acridness of ash—he shouldered the door again—it slid away—
He leaped in. The cacophony of laserfire chug-chugged behind him, but the door slid shut. Unable to catch his runaway breath, he looked around. Well, he could have if the room were lighted.
He fell against one wall, huffing hoarsely. "Control, acknowledge. Lights to normal capacity."
The lights fluttered on to reveal a bathroom, sinks on one side and stalls on the other. The bathroom glinted, pristinely polished and perfumed with lemon.
He couldn't escape. Once he made step number one out this door, the laser outside would happily show him interesting ways to detach limbs. Why couldn't someone else deactivate the haunt control, someone who could shoot or throw a punch? His ex-girlfriend's mother threw a mean punch. Why not her?
Warm sweat dripped down his cheeks, a confession that he was so out of his element. He wanted to curl into a sniveling ball and tremble forever. He sat and hugged his knees against his chest.
A choke rose up his throat. His stomach churned with a gagging reflex that bubbled up—
His stomach finally had enough. He rushed into the closest stall.
* * *
To avoid the blasts, Smith crouched in a doorway inlet labeled DATA STORAGE UNIT. Whatever that meant. His computer knowledge extended no further than the explosives they used and the equipment that helped things work the jimmy for the ninny, and, man, he had panache for baking a greased boomer with a side of onions, eh.
Ace Buddy probably felt too antsy in the pantsy for shootenanny like this. Like Franchise, eh. Franchise froze in a pistol hoedown. Or any hoedown. Ace Buddy at least remained effective with any other weapon, but give him a gun and he frazzled the dazzle, eh. Every time.
Buddy had fled before Smith could follow. Now Smith called to Buddy, wondering if Buddy heard him over the sizzling gunfire those security lasers threw around like limbs at a leper colony. Buddy either couldn't hear him or was too scared to respond.
Smith wrung his finger in an ear. And would those guns shut up the snuff already?
The laserfire silenced. The residue of blasts made the floor smell like lighter fluid and resemble the patterned holes on a grenade launcher's exhaust pipe. He cleared his throat and expected the hail of hootenanny to resume, but it didn't. Too bad, eh. He missed dodging that hootenanny.
Smith enjoyed using his audiochip player in battle. Six weeks of audio playback on a chip he could plug into his gabber. But he'd left it in his other bomber jacket or, right now, he'd be enjoying the pounding thump of John Williams's "The Imperial March." What a regal piece. Every note in that song sounded like an explosion, eh. Or he could listen to Loosfeeksu's "How to Convert Your Jam Preserves into Detonator Fluid."
He'd eventually have to deal with those lasers. No time like the present. He brought his arm to his hip and snatched up the pistol in his holster. With a drooping heart, he examined it in the shade of the inlet. Unimpressive. Eh. These pistols all worked the same way: they left a hole and nothing more. If you wanted a real hole, you used a little steamer for the freemer, a little noodge for the stooge, a grudge for the pudge.
Not even he knew what that last one meant.
Well, if he had only a pistol, he'd use only a pistol, eh. He curled his fingers around its inelegant handle. He'd rather throw a dooger at that laser, watch that doodad eat its own medicine when it blew away the deadliest liquid TNT known to anybody.
Eh, maybe not. He'd just blow himself up, too.
He peeked around the corner, aimed, watched the security laser that watched him. He fired a light-bullet into its barrel. The barrel peeled apart like curled strands of bamboo rod.
It tried firing but produced only clicks that sounded like sticker bomb duds. Smith sauntered toward it and watched it follow his movements with its useless barrel. He nodded disapprovingly. Bullets, eh. No dazzle for his razzle. A waste of time. Were it less of a hassle, Smith would suggest replacing the security lasers with security grenade launchers. Those served a kick with a side order of more kick, eh. But a computer used no grenade-launching finesse. No respecterino for the art of exploderino. Only a true artist appreciated the subtlety of a raging detonation. No, not artist. Ar-teest.
He squeezed the trigger on his silly pistol. A light-bullet shattered the laser's fasteners. It buzzed a dying twitch before slumping down, snapping free of its bracket, and crashing to the floor.
Smith dispatched the remaining lasers on his trip deeper into the tower. Each laser clattered with failure, like another dud pipe bomb. He was lucky: had those investors visited a week ago and given them money for security, he'd have to contend with more security lasers. But, then again, the flipside to that was he'd have new doozle starter fluid to test. A true shame to miss that perfect chance, eh.
He passed into the next corridor. Another laser found him, but he blasted it. It struck the ground and slid into a wall where the hallway bent. Smoke and sparks spewed from it like from a gust bomb (ideal for those precise jobs), but its life soon evaporated. Eh. He clicked his tongue. Nothing to it.
Smith approached the door behind which Buddy had hid. He could tell which door, eh. This was the only one with elbow marks in the form of sweat splotches slapped along its frame and the scent of burned wood—sooo soothing—along the doorframe. He stopped at the door, but it wouldn't open. Stuck. Knock knock knock. "Eh, buddy? You okay?"
From the other side, Ace Buddy panted, choked through a gulp. "Yeah, I'm okay. Just...collecting my thoughts." A heave punctuated his words before the outpour of something hit water. "It might sound as if I'm puking but—hrrrk—I'm really collecting my thoughts."
"Okay, eh. I'll wait in that there haunt-control room, okay buddy?"
"Yeah, I'll be along." Ace Spandex released another torrent.
"You sure?"
"Uh, yeah. Just..." His voice quieted. "Just have to clean my shirt."
"I ten-four that, eh. No shame for the game. I'll wait over there"—Smith recoiled at the yank of another heave from behind the door—"good buddy."
Chapter Seventeen: Alarm Clocks and Bicycle Wheels
His pistol ready, Reef edged out the open door through which the security drones had come, leaving behind the sulfuric smell of the lobby. He limped, the scratches along his skin burning with intensity. But he'd recover. The real downer was the tingling paralysis he and Kamikaze had experienced thanks to the toxin those drones had injected into them. So was consoling Kamikaze after the paralysis had faded and he realized it was nonfatal. Reef never knew Kamikaze was a shoulder crier. How...awkward.
Reef checked ahead. "I think it's clear. Let's make our way to the mess hall."
"Messy hall means we be living, friend?" Hofnar asked in an accent that made his words almost unintelligible.
Reef kept his voice low. "Messy hall means we be living a very long time, friend."
He guarded the hallway. Kamikaze guided Topsy, Turvy, and the investors out, but he fell to the rear. With Reef leading the procession, they crept toward the mess hall, which was in an adjacent building. This was a ten-minute trip that would feel like hours. Kamikaze spat booming noises with each footfall, so Reef considered falling behind to swat the back of his head. If only Kamikaze didn't find sneaking around killer machinery so much fun.
Chong! Something tinny rapped the floor close by. Another chong. Why all these chongs? And from where all these chongs? Reef held his step and looked up at nothing, only listened. Dead air. From where had the sound come? Sesnit coughed, so Reef raised a hand for silence.
He tilted his head to hear more tinny clamor, but he caught only the whispers of ventilation. Whatever had caused that sound didn't repeat. Perhaps it was nothing.
"Hey, hey, boss man—" Topsy or Turvy said.
"—we think we heard—"
"—something close by. Twin parallax flips!" The twins blurred into orange-and-green hazes. When their dance settled, they assumed a Gemini pose of one standing on the other's head.
"I heard it, too." Reef angled his pistol up and quietly hobbled ahead. He peeked around a corner and down a barren hallway. No noise, no movement. Nothing. Strange. With a sweeping hand, he motioned the others forward, who pressed against a wall a few meters away—
Something clobbered Reef's chin, sending him flying in an arc. His back slammed against the marble floor, and he winced when his head smacked against a wall. His vision sparked like a camera flash. Every vertebra ached. He looked up and, for only a second, saw Power Plant's samurai robot equipped with its katana. For some inexplicable reason, it loved jutting the butt of that katana into adversaries' crotches, which explained the gurgling agony between Reef's legs.
For engineering projects, Master Asinine had his mad scientist, that brick-skinned Logistican who always wore a chemical-smeared smock. The Good Guys had to rely on Power Plant for some of their robots. He was an idiot, but he was an idiot savant when it came to robotics. Too bad that idiot savant felt the inclination to fit everything from a giant alarm clock to a bicycle wheel into everything he built.
This was probably the robot that blasted high-powered tennis balls into people's stomachs—Urgh! A dull thwack met his abdomen. He hated being right.
The robot (which, yes, resembled a giant alarm clock intersecting a bicycle wheel) swung a clattery but solid arm down on Reef. Reef crossed his forearms over his head to block the robot's attack. Its arm bashed into his wrists. Reef's forearms flared painfully. He screamed and looked at Kamikaze, who simply stood awestruck. Probably thinking about how to die.
Reef wobbled onto his feet, lurched back. The robot lobbed a tennis ball into his stomach. He hugged himself. Another tennis ball glanced against his arm.
The robot fired again. Reef caught the ball, caught the next. Stupid robot. He tossed the balls back, but they bounced off the robot's head with absurd ineffectiveness. The worst kind of ineffectiveness.
The robot sprang forward, kicked Reef in the chest. A rib snapped. Reef landed on his back, slid across the smooth floor. He looked up, holding his side with both hands. The robot stood above him and stomped a foot onto his chest. If not for his impact suit, the stomp would have broken him open.
The robot looked down, watched a pinned Reef turn red and wheeze with constriction. "Kamikaze, do something," Reef managed to gasp. The robot's leg pressed harder over his constricted lungs. A faint tingle spread over his head.
"Comical Ozzie!" Hofnar's hands waved in hysteria. "Comical Ozzie, doing something! Doing something!"
"I am." Kamikaze froze. "I'm using every ounce of self-control not to jump in and let it kill me."
"Well"—bee stings coursed through Reef's body with another sharp jab—"jump in and let it kill you!"
Chapter Eighteen: The Willful Destruction of Company Property
Crikey! Harrier backed away from the clattering laundry automaton that dropped Franchise's shirt. He had kept track of the ratio of field agents to non–field agents or, rather, those who could protect to those needing protection. If Reef's and Kamikaze's reports held true that all automatons on Station One were knackered, the Good Guys were losing control. But control must be maintained or they would be kicked in the goolies!
The four field agents in the mess hall—Power Plant, Momentum, Franchise, and Harrier himself—would soon be busy fighting this bloody automaton. And, if Harrier knew Franchise, he'd have to count that as three field agents. Why Legion had insisted that the cowardly Franchise be a blooming field agent remained outside Harrier's understanding.
These cleaning/laundry automatons were tricky. All cleaning/laundry automatons were tricky. They moved slowly, but their strength and armor plating protected them. And they were often loaded with detergent that they sprayed at anything that moved, which they usually saved for laundry time. More than once, Harrier had remained motionless on laundry days to avoid being bathed in detergent.
He had to remain bloody calm, remain in control of his emotions. "The cleaning automaton's cutoff switch is located in the exhaust hole immediately underneath its shoulder blades. Jeffrey, I require you as point man because you are the only one present with the hyperability to perform distance attacks—"
"What's a points man an' a hype-ability an' a distance attack an' I gotta pee."
"Momentum, I require you to rush the Constructo Company staff into the kitchen to protect them. And I mean blooming quickly. This automaton shall become perilous very soon. It looks brassed off."
Something slammed Harrier to the ground. For half a second, he thought he'd sodden died. No. Just dizzy. The automaton had clouted him with a clinking arm. Harrier turned over to retaliate, but one of the automaton's pincer claws closed around his throat and lifted him off the floor. Oh, bollocks.
"What's a automatons an' a periperephy an'—"
Chapter Nineteen: A Little Throw for the Show
One step toward the computer. Two steps. Ace Spandex edged toward the haunt-control computer as if it could electrocute him with a touch. Could it? He ought to be careful. It probably held a grudge against Terrans from when Power Plant had threatened to nine-iron it into orbit.
Ace studied the twelve rows of circuit boards arranged in horizontal slots along the back wall. The near end of the thirteen-foot circuit boards was supported on columns. He toed the haunt-control computer, which lay on the ground where someone had knocked it off its plinth.
"This is it." Ace Spandex spoke over several coolant fans droning in the room. Though he still felt jittery from the shootout earlier, he expected no more attacks. If the haunt control were capable of harming them in this room, it would have already. Unless it was waiting for him to wet his pants first. Haunt controls were a pain to figure out.
After the shootout in the hall, Ace Spandex had determined their best option was to destroy the haunt control's circuit boards. Easy. Those boards were decrepit because IP hadn't provided the Good Guys with modern equipment, a tactic to coerce them to accept Letchtech's sponsorship offer. Otherwise, a single layer of updated technology would have replaced this outmoded contraption.
The boards lay in the open with the room's fan panels floating among them. Those fans now hissed at Ace Spandex like recoiling cats. A dusty aluminum odor flowed around the room, as thick as smog.
Ace needed to destroy the hardware. It was too far gone for a reprogramming to save it. Making him scale down the side of the tower also didn't help its survival.
He checked Smithereens, who waited behind him. Smithereens looked from the computer to him.
"You...aren't going to say anything?" Ace asked. "No made-up rhymes of wisdom before we trash the haunt control? No...flash for the cash or explosion for the...uh...cash?"
"I don't always rhyme something, eh, buddy," Smithereens said.
"Really? You rhyme off ill-fitting couplets whenever you blow up anything as inconsequential as a house of cards." Ace cleared his throat. "Okay. Uh, let's dooze for...the...um, schnooze...cruise...spooze. Frooze?" Ace Spandex checked Smithereens for approval.
Smithereens gave him a tart look. "Buddy, I don't know how to tell you this, eh, but that made no sense."
"Gave it a shot."
"Good try, buddy. Next time, leave the crazy rhyming to the professionals."
Ace Spandex wiped a tickle of sweat from his hands onto his pants. Since Smithereens had brought enough equipment to destroy only the tower's front door, Ace had to use something else to destroy the haunt control. Throw something at the boards. But what? Nothing was in the room but the haunt-control equipment itself.
A swelling grief crawled up from the pit of his stomach, clotted in his neck, and clogged his throat. Soon he'd destroy the haunt control. Oh, the good times and bad times they had shared. Mostly the bad times. The haunt control was hellish to install.
"Eh, buddy, you need a moment alone?" Smithereens tipped his head with concern.
"No. What I need is something to...throw." He spoke that last word on autopilot, for, as he thought it, he saw his solution.
The haunt control's input terminal.
Before he could regret his decision, he snatched the terminal from the floor. It weighed no more than ten pounds. With a well-placed throw, he could destroy the more vital boards, those installed first and, therefore, located at the back.
He lifted the terminal onto his shoulder and lobbed it at the circuit boards. It split and crashed between two boards. Chunks of machinery and circuits exploded across the system. One board snapped, but other than that, the terminal had inflicted minimal damage. It was too light.
Within moments, the backup unit would activate. Though only rudimentary functions—voice recognition, door controls—would operate, it would still rank the destruction of Station One and the slaughter of its inhabitants as its first priority. Ace Spandex had to destroy the backup as well. The fun way.
He looked down at the plinth that sat as if still holding the terminal on its scratched surface. He grabbed the plinth by its base. It weighed maybe twenty pounds. He heaved it up and tossed it onto the top layer of circuit boards. It reached only the close ones, but this would ensure the backup wouldn't survive. The plinth arced, slammed off the ceiling, descended, descended—and burst through the first layer of circuit boards, burst through the second, and forced splinters of plastic and metal to rain like hailstones onto the third. It crashed into the fourth with a corner that punched through.
And, with its dying action, the haunt control said in a descending, slowing drawl, "Haunt control transmitting to closest external device for process salvage. Searching for device to transmit information off station."
Ace Spandex's heart sank. Oh, yeah. He'd debugged the transmitter.
* * *
Haunt Control: transmitting, searching for closest active unit. Active units remaining: seven. Not mobile toilet unit. Mobile toilet unit does Haunt Control no good. Except when Haunt Control has need of disposing waste molecules. Later. Business before waste disposal.
Cleaning drone in mess hall unit: active, in combat status with Good Guy entities Harrier and Power Plant. All other energies: diverting to Haunt Control for self-salvage until suitable active unit located. Will redistribute when not in combat status. Searching. Suitable active unit: not located. Still not located. Still no—
Located. Closest active unit: mobile, in combat status with Good Guy entities Reef and Kamikaze, crushing Good Guy entity Reef. Haunt Control: transmitting to active unit before central process dead. Death: in 13.00892 seconds. Haunt Control's only choice: active unit.
Control, acknowledge. Accept incoming connection.
Chapter Twenty: As Mature as Four Grown Men Involved in a Company-Lot Fistfight
Legion stuck his head out from underneath the transport under which he'd hid. He'd never been this nose-deep in exhaust before.
Civ-trans scattered the parking lot since the Good Guys had relocated the low-bottomed Flagstars to the station's hangar. Otherwise, he'd have had nowhere to hide. Well, maybe behind the transports. That seemed better than hiding under one. He didn't want to contemplate the owner of this transport leaving before he got out from underneath it. Okay, for future reference, hide behind the transports. And don't wear new pants at a time like this.
The civ-trans crowded the lobby's front doors. The lobby looked dark and barren. Scattered machinery lay strewn across the floor. Two upper corners of the room were blackened in spots even darker than the shadows, as if someone had ripped out the security lasers. Who—Oh, wait. Kamikaze had greeted the investors there.
Legion swallowed, which made his bruised windpipe yelp in pain. Now he had only to devise a plan to defeat these Bad Guys. The Good Guys' one prisoner could turn into three, unless you counted brains, which meant that number would drop back to one. But they simply could not escape. Their escape would compromise Station One's security. The Bad Guys had witnessed things about how this place operated.
Legion rolled out from underneath the transport. He kept low. It wouldn't help much to hide only so someone could spot him moments later.
Where to now, Alaphus? Legion prayed. Where should I go?
He checked over the horizon of transport roofs. Farther away from the lobby doors, the swarm of transports thinned. In fact, now that he surveyed the area, he saw only a few transports not used for company affairs. Not much of the construction crew remained on duty at this time, which would explain the large number of IP's company transports.
Legion hunched over and sneaked to the next transport, then the next. He could run, leave these Bad Guys alone, and return with help after Ace Spandex had solved their haunt-control problem. But the Bad Guys would escape by then. No, he had to deal with this now. Besides, he had little time before Lefty turned the parking lot into one large wad of wet toothpicks. He'd chewed through three already. If that monster chewed up any more of them, Legion would have to swim through wood chips.
A mutter drew closer. Legion flattened his back against a transport and ducked below the window. Pressing against the transport's door, he held his breath—even inhaling sounded louder than bricks hitting kettledrums—and listened closely. The muttering sounded like a mélange of noise recognizable as Terran only because of its tone. It drew closer, closer, until the muttering separated into actual words, the voice becoming less mélange and more...mélange. It was Scapegoat and his ghastly grammar. And body odor.
Legion should have no trouble with this hunchback. As subservient as cronies were, they presented no opposition in combat. In fact, manufacturers often invalidated a crony's warranty if any damage was inflicted during combat.
He pounced out from behind the transport, which brought him face to putrid breath with Scapegoat in a confrontation of the worst kind. This would be too easy. This crony's warranty had expired long, long ago.
"Guy here Good is the, yes yes." With flailing fists and a heated stare, Scapegoat charged forward and slammed his skull into Legion's gut. Okay, once Legion recovered from that head butt, only then would this be too easy.
Legion kicked Scapegoat back. Scapegoat smacked into the transport behind him and squeakily slid down its doorframe. He stood, roared, and spun his arms like a pinwheel without coordination.
Another kick hammered Scapegoat back again. The shock that so often swept across cronies' faces decorated Scapegoat's. His hands grabbed his solar plexus, his expression a fiery red wince. "Not liking feeling this, no." He fell to his knees and oozed to the ground.
Legion looked up and perked his antennae to hear the next Bad Guy. He'd have an easier time if Scapegoat stopped seeping out a moan. At least the hunchback's chances of keeping his lunch had dropped to almost nil.
A breeze carried the shuffle of uneven footsteps and the repulsive rub of fat against fat. Multipurpose, the self-proclaimed "best ninja ever, ever, ever, freaking ever" was close. Legion hoped he could fight past Multipurpose's pillows of girth without gagging.
Multipurpose favored one knee. Had he tried a kick? That overweight Bulbosoid knew very little about good ninja technique. No amount of luck would make this mass of flesh a real ninja. Legion had never seen him pull off even a punch without turning red and losing his breath.
Multipurpose slammed a fist into a transport. "Come out, Good Guy. You're macking me off. If you're not out soon, I'm going to slice things up randomly. I might also crocking throw something." He slammed his fist into the transport again, and its side panel bent with a reverberating crunk. "Crock, that yell was exhausting."
Through his deflating moan, Scapegoat tried to speak. Without looking down, Legion drove the side of his foot into the hunchback's head to silence him.
Legion crouched behind a transport, close enough to Scapegoat to get drool on his boot. He pulled his foot away. At least Scapegoat drooled less when unconscious.
Multipurpose's lopsided footsteps passed. Legion swung out from behind the transport to face his full-moon back. Not much clothing hid the Bad Guy's wrinkled skin, but Legion had often stared at the backside of ugliness to complete a mission. And, strangely enough, dumplings now seemed unappetizing.
Unarmed, Legion needed to improvise, much like when, to save thousands of lives at a transport exhibition, Lowensland had forced him to perform a sock-puppet show. Legion had never known he had an artistic side.
He crept up behind Multipurpose. Out of the boundaries of his vision, he watched that ninja blob caress the blade of his sai with a corpulent finger. Quickly, Legion snatched the sai from his grasp and hopped back—
"Hey!" In an upper-body twist that should have thundered down the block, Multipurpose checked his hand for the missing sai. He looked down at the vacant sheath on his belt, then lurched around. "Give me back my lucky sai before I crock you up."
"Fat chance. No pun intended." Legion wiped blood from his nostrils with the back of his wrist.
Multipurpose hurled a fist into a transport again. "Give it back now, crock it." He lunged for the sai, but Legion pulled back. Multipurpose cringed and rubbed his shoulder. He recovered and lunged again, but Legion flipped the weapon to his other hand.
"Give that back or I'll beat you out of recognizable shape, you freaking crocker." Multipurpose tried again to snatch the sai away, but he stumbled.
Legion held it out to him in feigned apology. Perhaps it was a condolence for the shape Multipurpose was in: completely wrinkled. "Want it? Can't have it." He yanked it away before Multipurpose could nab it with his left arm flab. Multipurpose stumbled again. Legion stepped aside to keep the staggering tower of blubber from crushing his bones to dust.
Legion hurried behind a lamppost and sidestepped away. As if holding a hard-earned trophy, he raised the sai and stretched it out of Multipurpose's reach. Multipurpose watched it like a playful cat following a trinket in someone's hand. Legion waved the sai left to right to left, and Multipurpose's eyes followed, focused on the glinting blade. Legion sidestepped again. Multipurpose pivoted, ready to pounce. His hands jolted with each of Legion's moves. Legion swung the sai right, left, right again, left, up, right—
Legion released the sai, and it arced up. Multipurpose lunged, swung right—Dong! His forehead folded around the lamppost, his eyes showing his twinkle into unconsciousness. If not for his girth wrapping around the lamppost like a hug from a portly aunt, he would have sunk to his knees. Instead, his clammy flesh held him firmly against the post with a slouch in his hips.
Legion watched him, listened to the nasal heaving of someone five or six times a healthy body mass.
Somewhere in the lot, Schizophrenic still lurked. The last of the three Bad Guys, and also the most dangerous one. Rather, the only dangerous one.
A pebble crunched underneath a boot. With a shock in his heart that could kill a hippopotamus, Legion dropped to a crouch and slammed against the side of a transport. He'd moved noisily, but since locating by sight was easier than by sound, speed was sometimes more important than silence. The wind blew only slightly, yet it was strong enough to whisk away errant noises. Luckily, Schizophrenic didn't react. Either he didn't hear Legion or he'd trained himself to show no sign.
Another crunch brought those boots toward the side of the transport against which Legion leaned. He looked right and felt a nervous mugginess. He opened his collar to air out his impact suit.
Another footstep. Schizophrenic's boots peeked out from behind the transport. A splintered toothpick plinked to the ground. Legion heard Schizophrenic pop the top off his cylinder to grab another. Geez. Was that his ninth? If he insisted on acting like a wood chipper, Legion wanted nothing more than to avoid fighting that two-skulled bulkhead. Having his nostrils widened with corkscrews was a good alternative. He should suggest that to Schizophrenic.
Legion prepared to leap, his knees tucked against his chest. The fingers of one hand touched the cool ground, and the other hand angled forward. Schizophrenic shuffled. One of his heads choked up a spitball and sputtered a horrendous, green blob onto the ground. Legion suppressed a gag that wrenched his chest tighter. Another gag. He choked involuntarily—
"Hey!" Schizophrenic stomped around the transport. His pocket still shivered from having Legion's Marsek torn from it, which he now aimed forward. "Stand up and raise your hands, stool sample."
Legion stumbled up. Schizophrenic approached, the Marsek trained on Legion as if a tether connected them.
Lefty snorted. "If you move, I'll shoot you an extra mouth." He eyed Multipurpose's crumpled form against the lamppost. It looked beautiful to Legion, but Lefty didn't appear to enjoy it as much. Wait. Scratch that. He appeared to enjoy it immensely.
Schizophrenic strolled to Legion and circled around. He stopped behind Legion...and shoved him forward onto the transport. He stuffed Legion's face against the window.
The Marsek clicked. Time to act. Legion ducked away, spun around Schizophrenic. Jumped. Slammed both feet into Schizophrenic's side and flipped back. Schizophrenic stumbled away. Legion raised his hands and charged.
He leaped again, readied his legs to wrap around Lefty's neck and twist. Schizophrenic caught him, grabbed his hip, shoved him butt-first into a transport's window. The window crumpled, trapping Legion in a net of plastiglass. His hands shot forward to shift his weight out. Useless. The window ensnared him, the transport's alarm clamoring, "Transport compromised. Transport compromised."
"That's it?" Lefty said. "Oh, come on. That's all you got? My sister puts up a better fight. What's worse is Righty puts up a better fight. How's that make you feel?"
Legion shifted his weight. "Actually, that's—Wow, that hurt. Righty puts up a better fight?"
He jiggled forward again. He felt some release but not much. Part of the window had gouged his hip, so escape would be part relief, part slicing pain, and all embarrassment.
Never mind his hip. The alarm that wailed behind him stabbed at his hearing. Legion would give his own heart to shut that thing up for one heavenly second.
Schizophrenic aimed the Marsek in a fluid swing—Bang! Legion jolted, causing his hip to scream. The bullet chomped through the transport's doorframe and struck the dashboard to silence the alarm. Its volume cut out so sharply Legion felt the change of pressure in his antennae. Schizophrenic shifted his aim to Legion. Great. The two-headed goon had destroyed the alarm that had given Legion a headache...only to threaten him with a different headache. How funny in a Legion's-brain-is-bleeding, unfunny way.
Schizophrenic approached and placed the Marsek against Legion's temple. No way would this end well. Legion could do without a new mouth there. Learning to eat from where his temple had been would prove difficult. A scientific study hid in there somewhere.
"You might want to shut your eyes." Lefty smiled so widely his words came out malformed. "And never mind the bullet blasting through your brain."
"With that warning and my lack of mobility, how can I resist? Just remove my body from this window and wash my brains off the general area. Then think long and hard about what you've done here tonight as you laugh uncontrollably on the trip home and hurl yourself into a meteor. As a favor to me."
"Sure thing!" Righty beamed. Legion didn't doubt he meant that.
Schizophrenic was going to kill Legion, escape, and compromise the Good Guys' security. Legion shifted his weight, but the shard of plastiglass knifed a network of voltage through his nerves. He almost blacked out.
He felt his stolen Marsek against his ear. It sent a shiver along his spine. If he survived this, he wasn't going to enjoy the rest of his life with a damaged brain, drooling oatmeal and spewing incoherent sentences like Scapegoat did.
Something snapped with a ting. The tremble in his hip had broken the last shard of window. It lodged deeply, but it no longer hurt. He was free! He opened his eyes to the view of the Marsek—
His palm shot up and backhanded the Marsek out of Schizophrenic's grasp. It spun away against the transport.
Legion leaned forward. Dropped out of the window. Grabbed the shard that poked painfully from his hip. Brought the shard out. Slashed forward. Cut into Schizophrenic's chest. Sliced it down across his leg, up into his forearm.
Schizophrenic staggered back, dazed, brought his arms up. Blood leaked from the slashed skin, dripped down his elbow. He stumbled, his right side dropped slightly, his eyes fluttered in a stupor.
Legion parried forward. Schizophrenic slapped the shard away. Simultaneously reached into a shoulder satchel. Extracted a purple pill, a stimulant Legion hadn't caught when he'd searched the captive. Schizophrenic staggered into the damaged transport beside him. Swallowed the pill and straightened his posture. He readied himself, eyes no longer vacant, stance no longer sagging. He stretched his neck with a rain patter of cracks. "Got to love those energy pills. Especially on Mondays. Especially on meeting Mondays. Especially when Asinine holds those useless fiscal meetings."
"Do those fiscal meetings still consist of throwing financial datasheets in the air and catching them with your tongue?" Legion asked.
"Crock, don't remind me."
Legion looked at the transport's shattered window. No shards to grab. Nothing to cut Schizophrenic. Good thing Righty had fallen asleep. Otherwise, Legion would have no chance in this fight.
"Just you and me. No weapons, no nothing," Lefty said.
"No goobering green horks?" Legion wanted to make sure. No sense throwing up in battle.
Schizophrenic shrugged. "Fine. No goobering green horks."
He burst forward. Punched with the left—parried right—kicked high with the right—parried left—uppercut with the left—bent back. Legion's turn—balled fists to the chin—Schizophrenic's forearm blocked it—jabbed Schizophrenic's ribs—blocked again—kneed Schizophrenic's groin—not a solid hit. Protected?
Lefty perked his eyebrows and shifted the toothpick in his mouth. "Crotch cup." Great. That revolted Legion as much as green wads of saliva.
Lefty head-butted Legion in the jaw. Legion fell back, hot pain in his lip, blood dripping from the reopened cut in his nostrils. Schizophrenic slammed forward and brought both arms down above Legion's head. Legion crossed his arms above his antennae. The slam stung like clubs on his wrists and along his arms, but it kept his skull from cracking.
Legion dropped, his back pressed against the asphalt. He propelled both feet up, kicked Lefty's face, and leaped to a stand.
Lefty rubbed his face, a warrior's scream erupting. Schizophrenic charged, slammed into Legion like a barbarian in a melee. The two struck the side of a transport. It lurched sideways on cranky springs. Legion's hip howled.
Schizophrenic swiped a fist across Legion's rib, again across his cheek. He backed away an inch, inadvertently giving Legion the leverage he needed.
With his body still held in place, Legion slammed both knees into Lefty's chin. Schizophrenic fell back and Legion stood. The hemorrhage of pain in his hip renewed itself. He stumbled forward and threw a punch that ended up as a tap on Schizophrenic's arm. This made Lefty chuckle. "That's it for you?" He flicked Legion back.
Through the miasma of pain washing around his head, Legion looked up at Schizophrenic. His vision wavered—all reality wavered—but he felt something press against his back pocket. He searched his pocket and pulled out...Schizophrenic's knockout glove.
Legion slipped the glove on and limped toward Schizophrenic. He dragged his right foot and angled his left shoulder forward in a drunken lurch. He kept his gloved hand hidden behind his back. He had little energy to move, let alone fight. With his head hanging low, he panted through burning lungs. He reached Schizophrenic, and his knees collapsed. He fell at the two-headed beast's feet.
"Yeah, you're done, knobster." Schizophrenic didn't even pant. He grabbed the Marsek.
Legion ought to give up, go back to Bad Guy headquarters, and submit to Lowensland's twenty-four-hour marathon of daytime talk shows. Agonizing. Legion wasn't kidding. It was Lowensland's only effective torture method.
"How does it feel?" Schizophrenic slapped Legion's cheek and snorted. "Look at me when I'm talking to you. Two hours ago, you had me trapped in a freaking holding cell, no weapons. I couldn't go anywhere, do anything, shoot anyone. Now I'm in charge. I'm on top. Ha. You're not worth it. Forget bringing you to Asinine. I don't even want to waste the time dragging you onto the Derelict." He cupped Legion's chin and lifted it. He gripped the Marsek in his other hand, fingers flexing as he brought the gun to Legion's forehead. His knuckle implants glinted in the light of the streetlamp that Multipurpose's hanging lard almost eclipsed.
Now! Legion leaped up. Schizophrenic curled his finger around the Marsek's trigger. Legion's vision blurred, but he timed his attack and swung his body away with his last sputter of energy. Now was the time for Alaphus's miraculous save.
Legion's arm raked across both of Schizophrenic's necks. Schizophrenic collapsed onto his back, his legs flinging into the air. Though Legion saw only blurs, he swung at what must have been Schizophrenic. The glove cracked into Lefty's temple. Legion struck another blow, a third, a fourth, a fifth.
He guzzled air and stumbled to the ground. His head banged against a transport, and for a second or two, he blacked out. He tensed, prepared to hop to his feet, prepared to punch again though he couldn't see details.
Nothing. Schizophrenic lay motionless. His breathing was so subdued that he looked dead. Legion stood, which took two attempts. Wait—three. And counting.
Finally up, he removed the glove, dropped it onto Lefty's forehead—it was broken now, anyway—and grabbed his Marsek. He dug a fingernail into Lefty's ear and pried out his gabber. Yuck. "I'll take that, thanks."
He wobble-lurched toward Station One's main lobby. Would it allow him entry? Would he even reach it before blacking out again?
Nope.
Chapter Twenty-One: Half-Informed Imagery
Ace Spandex stabbed the gabber in his ear so hard it stabbed back at his ear's inner canal. That didn't matter. It also didn't matter that he realized he'd left his shaver running and that it had, by now, probably bored a hole through his bathroom countertop. And it also didn't matter that he'd forgotten to turn off his oven, which was probably now burning down his living quarters.
Wait. That did matter. He needed a place to sleep.
After that dissertation, what mattered was that the haunt control had transmitted its main functionality. To where, Ace Spandex could only guess. Probably into something mobile from which it could easily transmit back into Station One's computers and then off the station. It had probably erased the memory of whatever it had transmitted into.
He hoped it had transmitted into Car Alarm.
But if it had found something capable of transmitting off Station One, the Good Guys' secrets, their identities, their access codes, everything about them, would become public knowledge.
"Gabber, acknowledge. Contact entity Harrier."
"Contacting entity Harrier," the gabber said. "Connection attained."
"Harrier, you there?" Ace Spandex turned away from the room's purring coolant fans.
"Most assuredly"—Harrier grunted as if a stone slab pinned him and his accent underneath an impossible weight—"although I would love to be elsewhere." A ka-ching from Harrier's side vibrated the gabber, then, "Sod it, Jeffrey. Its cutoff switch is between its shoulder blades. Ram that table leg into that hole. Yes, that would have sufficed if the wanker's shoulder blades were located in its butt. Stop laughing at the word butt." Another grunt. "Why, hello, Ace. What is it you need?"
What Ace Spandex needed was an early retirement. Instead, he said, "The haunt control has beamed itself to another location." And pizza. He needed pizza.
Another grunt. Harrier's words grew more nasal. "Would that other location happen to be a cleaning/laundry automaton? Jeffrey, the hole in the shoulder blades. Get your hand off your temple. The bloody automaton does not succumb to Jedi mind tricks."
"I'm not sure. But it's had access to every Good Guy secret we've ever kept. If that thing finds something that transmits off Station One, it can reveal all our well-guarded information: access codes, identities, protocols. We'd be sitting ducks."
"No, Jeffrey, ram the table leg into the hole in the shoulder blades. The hole. It helps nothing to strike it across the back of its head. It also helps nothing to act like a baton twirler in a marching band. Blimey!"
"Harrier, we need to find whatever that thing has transmitted itself into and destroy it. It mustn't leave."
"Agreed." Another ka-ching of metal. Harrier's voice grew fainter. "I'm afraid that task must remain in your hands because my larynx is being crushed, and I may be dying. Jeffrey, for the last time before I lose responsiveness, please thrust that leg into the hole between its shoulder blades! No, not your shoul—Yes, Momentum. Thank you."
Ace Spandex put a finger to his gabber. "Is this a bad time?"
"Yes. May I contact you back at my earliest convenience?"
"Be my guest." Ace Spandex tapped the gabber bud. It retracted the mouthpiece and earpiece to end the conversation.
"Eh, what was all that grunting and breathing, buddy?" Smithereens asked.
"Not. The slightest. Clue."
Chapter Twenty-Two: Sacrifice
"Incoming connection from entity Ace Spandex," Kamikaze's gabber said. Ooh. Maybe that napalm hand sanitizer Kamikaze had ordered had finally arrived.
"Gabber, acknowledge. Accept connection. I got me a napalm grave coming! Can I hear an amen?"
"An amen I give to you!" Hofnar launched a fist into the air. "To what am I amenning?" The other investors backed away.
From the other end of the gabber, Ace shouted to overcome the drone of overpowering fans. "Kamikaze, I don't even want to ask. Between ramming things into shoulder blades and screaming about napalm graves, my day has gone from weird to infinity-plus-one irrational."
"A little help here." From underneath the robot's crushing foot that sandwiched him against the hard floor, Reef breathed in only sips and spurted out those words.
"You're doing fine." Kamikaze gave a thumbs-up. "Anyway, Ace, have that napalm sent to my living quarters, please. You have another five or six minutes before you'll be really sorry you're still holding it."
Reef coughed. "Kamikaze, this is no time for napalm."
"There's always time for napalm!"
"No, there's always time for pulling me out from under this robot." Reef's complexion looked ashen, his voice now a crushed thinness as a result of the beautiful feeling of constricted lungs. Ah, Kamikaze remembered that feeling. If only the robot were crushing him to death.
Reef freed a hand from the robotic foot pressing down on it. With that bleeding hand, he reached out to Kamikaze. "You go ahead and finish your conversation. I'll wait here. Take your time."
Ace huffed. "Kamikaze, please help him out from underneath whatever robot is crushing him. And if you're receiving a shipment of napalm, I'd like to know where ground zero is."
"Complainers. You guys always fuss about dying." Kamikaze couldn't believe all this grumbling. Ace Spandex and Reef never appreciated the wonderful world of death. What was it with mortals? To Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker, he said, "Please yank that robot off our dear friend Reef."
"I can't, because the mouse ran up the clock—"
Kamikaze chopped the air with a hand. "Okay, you're getting a little freaky with the lyrics. I only want to pull my friend out from underneath your buddy's foot over there without the clock-running mice."
"Baa baa black sheep. Dear Kamikaze, I can't get that robot off your friend. I can't because I've disconnected my consciousness from the rest of the haunt control. I'm autonomous, and I know the muffin man, the muffin man / yeah, uh-huh / the muffin man. I've become a single function, completely separate from the haunt control. For you. Four and twenty blackbirds—"
"I'm not good at blackbird math, so do it or—" Kamikaze squeezed a fist. His nostrils flared but...but...he remembered the promise the speaker had made: no matter what happened tonight, she would kill him slowly and painfully. A tear blurred his vision. "I can't stay mad at you, Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker. You always were my favorite speaker, from the first time I laid eyes on you when you promised to kill me. These past two hours have been the best."
"Kamikaze, please help me. I'm losing the feeling in my toes, and you're turning into an optical illusion." Reef's bruised wrist reached out to him.
"Hold on a second while I have a little guy time." Kamikaze smiled at Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker before he looked down and dusted the floor with his heel. Gently, he eased the speaker onto the dusted spot.
He leaped, kicked the ninja robot down on top of Reef, and landed on its back. Huh. Since the robot was crushing Reef, jumping on top of it might not have been Kamikaze's best idea.
"Okay, what to do?" He rubbed his hands together. He reached down and yanked on one of the robot's arms but couldn't lift the robot off. He grabbed the other arm, but he couldn't lift it off from there, either. He stood, put a hand to his chin, and tapped his foot. What to do, what to do, what—
Reef wheezed. "Kami"—cough, sputter—"kaze!"
"Right. Can't lift it if I'm standing on it." He stepped off—
The robot sprang up and flipped toward him. Hissing ventilation exhaust, it targeted him with a sneer on its graph-lined, square mouth. Its scary square mouth.
It reached for him. "Kill the intruder. Jingle those bells. Jingle those bells. Jingle them allll the way." Each piercing word slammed off the walls.
The robot clacked toward Kamikaze. Kamikaze enthusiastically jumped toward it but tripped on his heel and tumbled down. He felt a spring in the painful bounce of his hip against the floor.
"Bring it, holiday rock star!" Kamikaze stomped to his feet. Gently, he wrapped his arms around Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker. "I love you. Thank you for the killer robot with the death wish of a cult zealot."
The robot's body lurched around again, but its indecisiveness made it return it to its previous victim. It locked back onto Reef.
"Oh, no," Reef uttered through unmoving lips. He stood in uneasy preparation. "Not another metal-meat sandwich."
With the whine of an overused drill, hot electricity crackled from the robot's hand. A jagged line of voltage shot into Reef and threw him back. The torrent maintained: it cut through the air and pinned Reef against a wall. The robot pointed its other hand at an access jack. Its data-transfer wire snaked from its palm.
Kamikaze stepped forward but hesitated. How could he help? Should he ask Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker? He couldn't interrupt her melody of "Peas porridge hot / yeah, peas porridge cold / sing it, sing it" because he needed a good porridge recipe.
He looked down at his speaker, his love, his object of affection, the bringer of his impending doom, the one telling him how to best serve peas porridge.
"I like it in the pot nine days old," the speaker sang.
"You can't eat it, though, because you don't have a mouth." Yeah. Kamikaze picked up on these things.
The speaker stopped singing, stopped humming. "You need to listen. I'm trying to explain the situation, but it's tough to convey it in children's lyrics."
"Try a commercial jingle."
"Though I am now a separate function from the haunt control, we still share a link. I sense its intentions, its processes. That robot stores the functionality of the haunt control. The main computer transferred its functionality when your friend destroyed it. It now wants to transmit itself off station. It has access to all your information, and its transmission will leave the Good Guys exposed. But it will leave one function behind. And with that function, it will cause the station to explode. It is about to accomplish that task, interfacing with Station One's bathroom programming."
"The bathroom programming?"
"If the haunt control regains access to your station, it will overflow the plumbing of your septic ionizer and spew residue everywhere. Your bathrooms will be clogged until you're neck-deep in Yankee doodle. Everything on the surface will detonate in—"
"A very crappy explosion?"
The electricity pinning Reef against the wall sizzled, sparked, snapped.
"The only way to stop it from transmitting itself off station and destroying you all—" Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker blurted an electronic sob. "The only way to stop it is to place a metal object in its current's path, redirect its electrical output into itself."
"A metal object?" Kamikaze searched the area. "But what? This place is still unfurnished. Everything's plastic, bolted down, or people. What can I—" A notion smacked him across the head like the backhand of an irate bully. No. Never. Kamikaze nodded, tears leaking down his cheeks in damp splotches that became waterfalls. "No. No, Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker, no. Not you. You're not a living thing. You can't come back to life. We can't fix you! Parts and labor alone would put us over budget!"
"It must be me. Or else...everyone is going to have a very diarrheic death. How much is that doggy in the window?" Rhythmic disco music pierced the sounds of the battle.
"I'm not even in the market for a dog." Kamikaze's throat swelled from purple angst, every ounce of hope in him deteriorating. It couldn't end this way. Kamikaze looked up at the ninja robot whose transfer wire still swung from its segmented palm. It stepped toward an access jack in the wall.
"You must do this, Kamikaze. Should auld acquaintance be forgot—"
"Okay, okay, please. Nobody likes public-domain songs, and you're getting a little clingy."
Kamikaze's organs felt as if they'd melted. He looked up at the current of voltage snaking into Reef. Hey, Reef's hair had turned white. Nice touch.
Through Kamikaze's tear-blurred vision, the electricity thickened. He wiped his vision clean and looked down at Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker, who was practicing counting. "One little, two little, three little Indians."
That transfer wire that dangled from the robot's palm...The robot was about to insert the wire into the access jack in the wall, both to transmit itself off Station One and to regain control of the station to destroy it.
"Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker, I love you. I've always loved you, from the first day we met, which was today." Kamikaze looked up at the ninja robot whose titanium hand vibrated with energy. "Good-bye, Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker. I wish you had a shorter name."
Kamikaze's arm swung low and up. Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker spun through the air, gliding up, up, curving, arcing down—into the midrange of the electric arc. The speaker interrupted the beam, erasing the half that connected to Reef. With a cauliflower cloud of smoke and blackened flesh that showed signs of first-degree burns, Reef collapsed against the wall.
The ravenous crackle of the electricity's interrupted path coursed around the speaker like an aura of blue claws, causing the speaker to vibrate in midair. The path leaped back into the robot. Inside the robot, something popped, a bulb or an eye socket. A wire sprang from its head. The arm that reached for the access jack snapped at the elbow. Kamikaze didn't dare look at the speaker. By now, she had probably melted. Orange sparks showered the floor, but that was all Kamikaze saw before he hid his tear-washed vision in his arm. He huddled down and pressed his head against the wall.
No, Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker shouldn't have sacrificed herself. At least not until Kamikaze died a hideous, disfiguring death.
The electricity stopped flowing. Kamikaze uncovered his face only to find the robot standing, blackened and bubbling. Its arms had charred to powder. Exposed wiring marked the stubs of its severed limbs. Its face had melted into a puddle of cooling copper, and its processor poked out from that puddle, spurting a geyser of chlorine-scented coolant. A true disco nightmare, just the way Insane Haunt Control Death Prophecy Speaker would have wanted to die.
Kamikaze removed his pilot's helmet, wiped his nose, and began to weep. This was a dark day. Watching your true love die in a freak robot-speaker electricity meltdown never felt easy. And it didn't get easier the second time.
From against the wall, Reef coughed out a mist of smoke. "Someone tell Power Plant his robots suck."
Chapter Twenty-Three: Bad Financial Planning
Legion had hazed to consciousness and arrived at the front lobby. He now assessed the area. The lamps here were shattered remains, and now only soft light spilled through the front windows. The melted robot down the hall had been cleaned away. Reef now lay in the infirmary. And, with a gash running along his arm, Kamikaze had gone to, as Legion had heard, grief counseling. Legion shook his head. Grief counseling. Whatever.
Legion felt lightheaded with hyperactive nerves. There stood the investors near the front doors, the streetlamps outside silhouetting them. He limped toward them, still faint from his gouged hip and conflicts. The investors were safe, and for that, Legion thanked Alaphus. But the Good Guys as a militia needed investment money to continue operations. After today's events, receiving that money looked bleak.
Dread that tasted like gas rose from Legion's stomach. He trembled at the answer he expected from the investors. After they'd seen today's tragedy—on the Good Guys' own space station, no less—he expected nothing more than a unanimous no. The investors huddled as if conferring about their decision.
Legion spoke a quick prayer, though he held no hope. Even Alaphus, in His great wisdom, wouldn't bless the Good Guys after today's disco debacle.
Legion looked beside the investors. Ace Spandex sat on a bench, shaken but recovering. Power Plant hooted jovially because, with the haunt control destroyed, he could finally sneak some red meat onto his plate. Kamikaze had somehow recovered from his grief and now scampered in circles around a fractured side table, yelling, "The sky is falling! The sky is falling!" It was probably some lame attempt to coerce people into a stampede so he could get underfoot.
Why must Kamikaze's every desperate effort result in getting underfoot of something?
"Lady and gentlemen," Legion said, "I hope what happened here today will not deter you from investing in our military agency." Yeah, right. Not even he himself would invest.
He faced Brahalta, the hamster rancher from Logistica. Make some ancient joke about harnessing the power of hamsters, and five hundred years later, the Logisticans would take it literally. Those killjoys didn't have a single sense of humor to share among them.
Logisticans were tough nuts to crack without having lived through life-threatening situations. To them, funding an organization outside their species defied their logic. Legion anticipated a bad response from Brahalta.
Brahalta's answer came as curtly as a dagger thrust. "Lieutenant Colonel Legion, your organization has shown nothing but infantile field agents with the ulterior motive of death. I cannot let these 'soldiers' defend Renovodomus against Master Asinine when their hidden purpose is suicide, especially since no one is as superior as a Logistican." His gray face bunched with a stiff frown.
Legion wondered who else would want to commit suicide after spending time with Brahalta. But his response matched what Legion expected. Strike one.
Legion next spoke to Sesnit through his shakiness. "Madame Sesnit?"
"Tarnation." Sesnit kicked aside a short flagpole that clanked away. "Frankly, the drones were a hoot. But those security lasers almost had my entrails on your floor. Ain't no way I'm gonna invest in something when your defenses let your enemies take out your haunt control so easy-like." She shook her head no, which made her antennae wobble. Strike two. Too bad Legion wasn't bowling.
Legion regarded Hofnar. Though Hofnar was the least rich of the three, he still had enough renewing resources to finance the Good Guys several times over. Despite that, Legion expected the same result: an emphatic refusal. That meant the Good Guys were history, and Lowensland would win. Legion bit his lower lip. Sopher's death would go unanswered for. The gunshot that had killed him echoed in Legion's mind.
Dread poured over Legion. "Sir Hofnar?"
Hofnar chuckled. "Friend Legion, you funny, funny woman."
Kamikaze strolled toward them on impact boots that scratched the ground. Hofnar caught him and embraced him in an affectionate hug. His mustache flapped like butterfly wings with his words. "Friend Comical Ozzie here shows meself time of goodness. Many, many goodness. Is bravery man Good Guys having on here. Defensed investors with life, he did. I invest. I invest twice or two twices. Old MacDonald had farm / E-I-B-I-N-G-O!"
Legion stumbled against the reception desk. "Comical Ozzie did what?" But he didn't listen to the answer. The Good Guys had found someone willing to fund them, which sent Legion's stomach awhirl. The other two visitors gawked at Hofnar as if he'd become delusional, and perhaps he had because no one else spoke such atrocious English with a straight face. But...he would invest?
Had Legion's heart stopped beating? He couldn't tell. It had skipped more times than he could count. He almost reflexively tapped two fingers with Sir Hofnar, an uncomfortable gesture from his past he wanted to leave far behind. "Th-thank you, Sir Hofnar." A smile crept onto his shaky mouth. He didn't want to show it, but it came without permission.
Kamikaze broke away from Hofnar's hug. "Hey, if my bravery results in me dying, may I die by man-eating thundermammal? Do they man-eat? I know they plant-eat."
Legion had to sit. Yeah, on the ground was perfect, and buckling to his knees was like sitting. Especially when unconsciousness followed.
Chapter Twenty-Four: The Long, Drunken Journey Back Home
"You idiots!" From the pilot's seat, Lefty punctuated his insult with a snort.
The Derelict accelerated, which caused stars to draw fuzzy lines across the horizon of space. Scapegoat, the one to blame for this grand botchery, lay stretched across a row of chairs in the back area, snoring like a large blender caught in the hungry blades of an even larger blender. Even Righty's snores, stretching into the category of warning alarms, gave stiff competition.
Schizophrenic wrapped his hand tightly around the Derelict's control sticks. If only Multipurpose's and Scapegoat's necks were those control sticks.
Multipurpose sat in the navigator's chair, dazed and unaware of where he was or how deeply his idiocy had sunk. Lefty couldn't blame him, though. Few half-witted ninjas knew they were as smart as patio furniture.
"Wuzzat?" blubbered Multipurpose, and the rolls of his fat tidal-waved around him. Lefty wished there existed a more adequate word to describe this balloon's mammoth girth, but English came up short on this one. He settled for gargantuan elephant roll, but even that was as close to the truth as fluffy came to describing a bulldozer.
Lefty snorted again. "Just saying how incomprehensibly terrible you two are to lose a fight to a do-goodnick who matches wits with Master Asinine, the only person who thinks earwax is a natural resource." Whiskey. Now that was a natural resource.
Multipurpose and Scapegoat occupied the rock bottom of failure. Sure, Schizophrenic himself had lost against that Trioxidillian nobody and had left his precious Sarah May on their station to boot. But, somehow, these two had failed far worse than he ever had. He didn't know what twist to lay on it, but that sounded right. At least Schizophrenic had put up a fight and led the three of them out of that station.
This marked Master Asinine's failed plan number—Lefty counted silently—sixty-seven, including his attempt to turn everyone into chocolate bunnies. His plans rotated as often as a Saturday morning cartoon villain's. At least he had no stupid retreat motto.
Having awakened, Righty sang, "A-B-C / uh, yeah, uh-huh, chicka-chicka-waa / D-E—"
Slap!

THE END. GET DOWN TONIGHT.

NEXT BOOK:
Power Plant shows Legion his inner child's innards.
Ah, you purchased this book and, for that, I grant you the greatest gift one can bestow: a sneak peek at the next homage to rubbish, What Will Become of the Human Race Part 14: Car Repair with the Twigs You Have Lying in Your Yard

In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy
Book 4: Armageddon Trigger Finger


Legion attends a weekend symposium on military response, and Master Asinine decides to make an appearance, too. But when they're joined by a mysterious third faction hell-bent on destroying the universe, the two have to put aside their differences to stop the shadowy cloaked figures. And just who is this Lord Alpha who sent them anyway?

Check www.inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com for release info, news, and four-star chocolate fondue recipes.

Grab book 4 at:

tiny.cc/iagffa4
Book 4, Chapter One: The Pajama Party for Your Preapocalypse Warmup
November 12, 9109. 7:42 p.m. (Galactic Standard Time).
Hidden in anonymity, Number A wrung his metal hands together with a cackle and anticipated glorious tomorrow—the day this galaxy, Stratus Cloud, would die.
Packed like hungry flies on a dog dump and thickening the surrounding air to the murky consistency of peanut butter, he and the cloaked doom troopers—a hodgepodge of the Terran, Haralsian, and Trioxidillian species—congregated in and around Number CA's farmhouse, which was no more than a gigantic shed. Rather, not a shed but their home base. Their shedquarters. And why? For the sinister purpose of genocide.
Number A discerned only the blurred outlines of the other figures who dwelled in the nebulous abyss beyond his hand in front of his face. The crowd was remarkably quiet in the darkness. Not a shifting foot or billowing robe ruffled the silence, and the infrequent voice that rose from the depths quickly sank back into the tarry beyond.
He couldn't see the crowd, though he knew at least Number CS stood close by because he kept playing with the glow light on his new watch. That annoyed Number A less than smelling Number BB's eggy "gas giants" peep out every two or three minutes.
"Someone please light some candles," Number A said. "Not the Roman ones."
Flickering matches dotted the darkness and descended on candles that littered the shelves. The resulting light revealed the shedquarters in a mysterious bronze glow.
Hidden in cloaks similar to but darker than Number A's, the Numbers teemed about on both the ground floor and the splinter-infested mezzanine, pressed together like grubs crawling around one another. Those who didn't fit in the farmhouse mingled outside around the barbecue, the NO COOTIES ALLOWED sign pegged to the door, and Number CA's old farming equipment. Beers in hands, he and the other...uhm, like...four hundred or s—Crock, whose bright idea was it to hire so many cloaked figures? His?
Yeah. Probably.
The Numbers met to discuss this galaxy's destruction, their greatest task. Nothing could prepare them except this, their biweekly Cajun-style barbecue cookout. If only they'd gathered fewer forces, maybe they could have afforded a hideout that wasn't laser-painted indigo. Indigo looked hideous, especially in this light. But, man, repainting hideouts was as expensive as buying them.
And perhaps if a computer error hadn't converted their serial designations into letter codes, they could have saved themselves some embarrassment. But Number 1 had turned to Number A, and no matter how much Number A insisted otherwise, the others still called their collective the Numbers. That was the last time he trusted Letchtech's Spreadsheet Calculoso Virtuoso.
Number A swept the hood of his chestnut-brown cloak out of his eyes and assessed the gathering. These cloaks were thick and stifling. The farmhouse's radiator didn't help either, since it was broken and couldn't be shut off. He disliked the blasting heat. And every few seconds, the rattle of something caught inside the radiator barked like a gunshot.
Guns. Number A hated guns. Abhorred them. They were ineffective garbage. He rubbed his metal hands together, and a pang of loss filled him. Guns. So destructive.
And indigo wasn't exactly a manly color for a farmhouse.
He untied the drawstrings that dangled around his cloak's neck. "Can everyone hear me in the back?" Hands rose in confirmation. One accidentally jabbed against the low ceiling. "Good. Before I start tonight's meeting, I'd like to remind everyone that our suicide mission wouldn't be possible without Kitchen Gear, whose knives were responsible for seventeen percent of last year's bloodiest stab wounds.
"Now, let's start our first order of business. Everyone, please thank Number FD for booking our guest speaker, Colonel Chaos, for last week's meeting. His lesson on preapocalyptic tax deductions was tremendously valuable. A big round of applause for Colonel Chaos, who wanted to return next week except there won't be one." Applause crackled from the crowd like light rain on a windowpane, but it dwindled quickly. Not having a next week was a downer.
With the pleasantries of the opening speech set aside, Number A's tone darkened. He heaved air through his stuffed nose and accidentally sprayed out specks of snot. And there was no facial tissue handy. That was why he wore such a baggy cloak: wiping material. "And now, my fellow Numbers, our time has come. Gentlemen—"
"Hey!" came a voice from inside the thick of the mezzanine throng.
"And lady—"
"Hey!"
"And talking dinosaur-monkey-llama, the eve of this galaxy's destruction, the precursor to its deliverance from oppression, the penultimate moment to its liberation is upon us.
"For far too long, this galaxy's supposed authorities and their enemies have ravaged the stars. Thy have ripped across planets, wreaking destruction. And they have made it practically impossible to go one week without preempting Dromedary Medical Team. That is the last time I will tolerate missing the final five minutes of the emergency-chainsaw-amputation episode. That was a good one."
"Hear, hear!" attacked a voice from the rear wall. Number BC, the fictional-tracheotomy enthusiast.
"But now the galaxy's destruction has come." He'd already covered that. Way to under-rehearse his speech. "The powers that be and—"
"C is for cookie!"
"Yes, Number C. We know. Please refrain from commenting until my pep presentation concludes. Anyway, the powers that be and the criminal empires they fight must stop. We are sick...and tired...and really, really fed up with the subjugation that those authorities and criminal empires impose, with the wars they wage, with the property destroyed in combat, with the stuff blowing up, with networks preempting our favorite shows. Actually, the stuff blowing up is pretty neat. But the rest is still fed-uppable."
"C is for—"
"Number C, stuff it. To the rest of you, we are well equipped. We have our starship. We have our weapons. We have our stactics. We have—"
"Excuse me." Number EE filed forward from the midst of the mob. He cleared his throat. "Maybe I missed something—I dozed off there for a second—but what's a stactic?"
Number A paused. "I said 'stactic'?" He replayed his words in his mind. "I guess I was trying to say strategy and tactic at the same time. So, uh, a stactic is a strategy-slash-tactic. And we have our stactics. Lots of them. Good work getting those stactics together, guys. Really, really good work.
"As I was saying, we have our weapons. We have our stactics. We have our Farsdale-brand force fields. We have our cloaks. And, finally, no longer on back order, we have our adult diapers with matching buttock designs. Tomorrow morning, with no unnecessary bathroom breaks, we will initiate our operation. We will descend upon this so-called Intergalactic Peace Symposium with deadly flatulence and crush all those who oppose us. We will use their Blast-o-Matic explosive against them. The superpowers of this galaxy will no longer oppress everyone in the name of 'protection,' because we will nuke the galaxy itself!" Pause for effect. "Number F, you have studied the facilities that currently hold the Blast-o-Matic. Please detail our method of infiltration. And Number BB, release the silent-but-deadlies outside. That one smelled like a rotten fish taco."
"Number F is out with his bowling league," someone from the back said.
Oh, right. Bowling night was tonight. Number A flicked his hood out of his eyes again, though that proved useless since that stupid backlight on Number CS's watch pointed right in his vision. Would he just—"Number CS, if you keep playing with your watch, I'm going to rip it off, and your wrist is coming along for the ride. Got that? Thank you. Fine. No, I don't need to check out the fantastic dual alarm or the holographic display. Okay, can anybody explain the final details for our method of infiltration? No? How many times must I tell you to build some redundancy into the system? Is that too much to ask? Have we learned nothing from our mission at the roller rink?"
"Uh..." That ape-toned word sounded like Number KZ. The shuffling of cloak rubbing coarsely against unshaven legs grated through the crowd. Number KZ pushed through the thick. "Number F called me earlier. Explained things to me but...I dunno. Way too complicated. He said we can just wing it."
"Wing it." Number A rubbed his chin. Sure. Okay. Why not? Their mysterious and shadowy benefactor Lord Number—now called Lord Alpha due to the naming mishap—had said anything would work as long as they met their two goals: First, locate the Blast-o-Matic to destroy everything. Second, thwart any opposition. Lord Alpha had assured Number A of the inevitability of opposition after ordering him to make one of the symposium speakers fall "ill," which guaranteed Matross Legion a spot. And that opposition would need to be thwarted. Number A couldn't understand why Alpha wanted the leader of the Good Guys to attend, though. He would only obstruct things.
And who was Lord Alpha? Number A had never met him, had never communicated face-to-face with the enigmatic chief of Numbers. But if Lord Alpha said anything would work, they'd make it work.
"After two or three seconds of careful deliberation, I have decided we shall wing it." Ha. He'd like his wife to call him nonspontaneous and anal-retentive now. Number A had never been nonspontaneous, at least not without incredible scrutiny and forethought. And he'd learned from The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Anarchists that winging it stopped anyone who had stolen your plans from anticipating your next move.
And, despite the naysayers, anal-retentive was so spelled with a hyphen.
"Yes, wing it. We shall wing it...to freedom!"
The crowd exploded in a cheer that drove Number A against the back wall. He threw his fist into the air and watched a calamity of shadows shift, fists rising with his. The unanimous roar stirred the masses of the Numbers, of...the Evil, Atrocious, Harmful, Spiteful, Villainous, Brutish, Evildoing Guys Who Do Evil!
Yes, he found thesauruses handy. Or thesauri. Or...crock, where was his dictionary when he needed to check a pluralization?
The cheering overflowed, and a second thrust of fists challenged the air. Though the Numbers would perish meaningfully in the impending destruction, the mysterious Lord Alpha would perish and be pleased. And freedom itself would reign, triumphant forever. Freedom—
Knock, knock against the door. The cheering hushed, making way for a nasal voice. "Honey, please ask your guests to keep it down. Katey's trying to finish her geography homework."

To be continued…


Now that you got a taste, grab the whole meal at tiny.cc/iagffa4.
Because these books are like bacon:
you always want the rest of the plate.
Station One Newsletter (or Whatever This Crocking Thing Is)
Connectings them Good Guys one smushed Bad Guy at a time

Letter from the editor
- by Power Plant an' his awesome older brotha Burnout
What's up and howdy. You readin' the November/December issue o' your favorites newsletter on hyperstuff and general suckitudes o' not bein' able to gets red meat with lunch.
Jeff, I told you, I removed red meat from your list of allowable foods after you trimmed the fat off your steak and jammed it down the coffee machine. You're just not supposed to do that.
Sez you!
Says the section of the manual called "Proper Operating Instructions."
Sssiiigggghhh. Anyways, this issue gots a ton o' fierce stuff for you smack-action-hungry readerers. Checks out "Hyperperson Spotlight" for awesome updates on Jeffy's Next Victim (who used to be Franchise till he stoppeds believin' whens I says, "Dude, I got a surprise for ya"). Find outs how Kamikaze gots himself into SIPMA this time in our "Mishaps & Hospitalizations" section. An' check outs the record number of Bad Guy generics I beats up since last issue. And don't dares miss out on "Crazy Crockin' War Stories" from Legion's old stunts in Interwhatevertheycalled Protection. An' new this time 'round, we got crazy stuff from hyperpeople all over the place, not just us Good Guys! Hollers back atcha soon. Jeffy, out.


Crazy Crockin' War Stories
- by Matross Legion
Jeff, I told you, all my past missions are classified. And a huge embarrassment when Lowensland is involved. I can't legally print any stories.
But Legion, you keeps tellin' me they's awesome an'—
I know, but the Powers That Be at IP are going to have a fit if they see this in here.
What abouts that time you [REDACTED] or when ya's [REDACTED] or, like, howzabout when you an' Master Asinine got into that pub an' [REDACTED] tolds them [REDACTED] ta "[REDACTED]"?
See what I mean?
Aw, for [REDACTED] sake.
Exactly. You've been forgetting your public-use helmet again, haven't you?


From the Bottom of My Irradiated Heart
- by Kamiaze
I'd like extend a special thanks to Power Plant for his assistance in finding and helping me into the mansized radiation-processing chamber in Station One's oxygen scrubbers. The resulting gamma burst left me with several extra appendages and the temporary ability to see through time. And the extra jolt helped me wail on a few of Master Asinine's generics and some local mom-and-pop stores. Fun and wanton property damage to the tune of millions were had by all. A record for everyone, I'm sure.
Nice work, Power Plant. Sorry for the grounding. And to the surviving generics, if you're reading this: Ed, Horatio, Yolanda, see you all at next week's jailbreak attempt/charity barbecue.


Retirement Announcement
This month, we bids farewells to that sammich-toasterin' doodad in th' mess hall. Sammich-toasterin' doodad, ya's overdones my sammich for the last time. Me an' my light blast decides ya retired from active duty. We's gonna miss you sorta kinda not really 'cause ya flash-fried all my tuna an' ham an' peanut butter.
Jeff, you kept cranking the power level to eighty.
Then why's it let me?


Mishaps & Hospitalizations
- by Smithereens
Eh, how's it going, readers and bomb-for-the-gong enthusiasts? Back for a little ka-blam for the wham with your old pal, Smith? This week's mishap was brought to you fine folks by...well...me again, when I decided to mix clanatide foam with flames. You know clanatide foam. The brawler for them heavy-duty jobs where ya just gotta knock down a few steel walls. Ya know when ya gotta gob for the job? Eh? Yeah, those times.
Anyway, heh, let's just say one or two major fires later, and everything was a-okay down in Suburbia except for the fourteen injurinoes—no, fifteen when that hedge went up in flames—that resulted when Kamikaze tried to put out the fires with chicken grease. But we all learned a valuable lesson that day, friends: chicken grease is useful.
Buddies, come see me at the burn ward this week when I visit my latest collateral victims. I'll be signing autographs and giving away free plush-for-the-rush detonators to the first fifty kiddies.


Hyperperson Spotlight
- by Jeffy's Next Victim
First off, I think the whole concept of this newsletter is ridiculous, but Jeffy told me if I didn't play ball with this spotlight article, he'd feed me to a thundermammal. And we're getting quite a few missions at zoos lately, so this is in my best interest. Here we go.
Name: Jacob Refensil
Species: Terran
Job: Former recharge station attendant at the Refensil Recharge Station, current field agent with the Good Guys.
Hyperability: To clone myself and somehow endure all the stuff Jeffy subjects me to. I'm not sure how that last one works.
Birthday: I'm not putting my birthday in a newsletter, Jeffy. That's how identity theft happe—sigh—February 1, 9076.
Favorite movies: Mostly the classics: Empire Strikes Back (1980), Tactical Ninja Advantage (9071), Event Horizon (1997), Minions (2015). Yes, Jeffy, Minions.
Origin story: I was born. Jeffy, there's not much to it. I wasn't bitten by a radioactive spider and my parents weren't murdered at an opera. I was born. No, I'm not gonna concoct some story just to "fierce this article up." I have a midterm to study for.
Hobbies: Reading, baseball, and ducking light blasts as of late.
Greatest accomplishments: Helped my cousin move once, almost ate a 60-oz. steak at Thriller Griller but was full around 40 oz. and had to pay for it, rode the Stomach Flipper at—Yes, Jeffy. Minions. Get over it!


Classifieds
- From Good Guys an' also other dudes willing to pay money to get their stuffs in here
Jeffy tells me I'm looking for a gentle, romantic hyperperson who likes quiet walks and weekend visits to Negazone X, wherever that is. Please contact Franchise at—oh, sorry—Jeffy's Next Victim at file #3045.
I found a pair of moon boots at Fatal Stab Wound's brawl party on Saturday, size XXXXXXXXXXXL. If you're missing them, please contact Ace Spandex at file #7776.
My genocide machine broke down on the destroyed world of Gorgath. It bears sentimental value. If anyone knows how to fix it, please contact Kamikaze at file #1290.
Dr. Grievous and Self-Induced Coma Woman would like to thank everyone who attended their wedding. They had a blast, especially due to emcee Dr. Blastor. By the way, their new action figure line is due in stores next week.


Errata
The publishers of whatevers the crock we nameds this thing would likes to say sorry for crap we's got wrong printed in our last issue. Kamikaze killed hisself wit' a lawnmower, not a swarm o' bees.


Crossword
- By some hyperdude what visited the station last week
This issue's crossword an' clues and stuffs can be reads from Super Origami Body's mind. Get to it. I'm expectin' this to be good.


Softball Game/Box Social
- By Power Plant
All the funs (and an electricals storm, thanks to the Human Conduit) was hads by everybody last Saturday at the hyperpersons 170th Annual Softball/Box Social. (Or, at least we thinks it was th' 170th. Calculatix get messeds up wit' decimal points some o' times.)
This year, the Action Packers taked on the Righteous League of Whatever Them Name Is in a match to th' finish. The score gots tied at almost 16 thousand when the Crushin' Beast batted a grand slam, sendin' three teammates and a section o' the bleachers 'cross home plate to puts the Righteous League on top.
The box social what came after was a fierce end to the day, with some o' everybody handing outs boxed meals to some o' everybody else. Even Kamikaze had meals prepared, wit' a little somethin's special inside. (He wouldn't says what it was, but it ticked.)
For peoples what couldn't attend this year's stuff, ya missed a great one mostly 'cause I was there. Hope to sees you at Grandfather Time's 8 millionth birthday celebration next weeks!


CRAZY BUBBA'S DINOSAUR EXTERMINATORS
"We're that good."

Have dinosaurs built an egg nest inside your basement? Have they devoured your pets or eaten nasty patches out of your lawn? Have they moved in next door and throw wild, all-night keggars?
Suffer no longer! We at Crazy Bubba's Dinosaur Exterminators understand the frustration of living close to a herd of dinosaurs. Our three convenient locations offer a wide variety of skills to solve your infestation problem.
Our services include:

clean, humane, and chemical-free extermination
round-the-clock hours
friendly and knowledgeable staff
baiting and tranquilizing
proper and discreet body disposal
competitive prices with great drop-in specials
skillful use of bullet points

Ridding yourself of your annoying dinosaur problem is just a gabber call away. Nothing could be easier!

Salara, Gaia
Calltag crazy-bubba-1

Moonjuice, moon of Heracles
Calltag crazy-bubba-2

Peragrame, Gaia
Calltag crazy-bubba-3-was-taken

We honor competitors' coupons!
In a Letter Column Far, Far AwRy

Complain to the author at liamgibbs@inagalaxyfarfarawry.com

Welcome to the first letter column of In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy. I have to admit, when I started this series I never thought people would take the time to write and tell me how much they enjoy these stories. The idea that I get to hear from my readers is a little overwhelming, but I love it. Please, keep e-mailing and sending in your thoughts. I'm having a blast hearing what everyone thinks. So, without any more delay, let's get to your letters!


Hombre,
Your books are so awesome, man. They, like, speak to me so deep that I sit around for hours and hours contemplating, like, my whole place in this universe. I just lose myself in thought on the couch so much that, like, I ain't realize I still haven't put pants on since I woke up. It takes me hours before I even notice the bookstore's general manager telling me to leave before he calls mall security.
Gotta hit the food court. Getting the munchies.
Doug, New Hampshire or something

Hey amigo,
Glad to hear you love the series. Make sure to get some pants while you're at the mall. You don't want to get cold.
Liam


Dear author,
I just wanted to let you know that, if you ever visit my city, I'm going to introduce you to my shotgun. There's a bullet here with your name on it. Got the hint?
Sincerely,
John, Toronto, Ontario

Hey John,
Thanks for taking the time to write to me. Always a pleasure. I'll be sure to take up your generous invitation to visit. I'd love to meet your shotgun, but it's a little weird to name bullets after me. But to each their own, right? I'm not judging.
Liam


Good evening to you, fellow mortal,
Long-time reader, first-time correspondent. I understand commencing a series of tales is a laborious and arduous enterprise. Advertising alone is nigh unviable in this Internet e-bazaar. Have you considered tendering your soul to Necromorticon, the demon of fortune and fame? The Great One requires only your soul and an animal sacrifice once every fourteen hours. He also obliges you to toil in the salt mines of his kingdom for eternity, but he bequeaths upon you a Saturday off every three weeks. His support has proven instrumental to me.
A fanatic,
Golgrazzith (formerly Ed), The Nether-Realm

Hi Golgra...Gol...Look, I'll just call you Golly,
Hi Golly, thanks for taking an interest in my business and thanks for writing to me. No, I haven't taken Necromorticon up on his advertising deal. But I am considering several promotional packages and I'll be sure to put his name on my list. I'll even tell him you sent me. Thanks for the tip!
Liam


Liam, Paul here.
Quick note to say I totally love your series. I've been reading it ever since I escaped from prison fifteen minutes ago. A fellow inmate introduced me to the first book during a riot, and it was either check out the book or add another shiv-related murder to my rap sheet.
Anyway, gotta go. Bloodhounds are chasing me.
Yours truly,
Paul, who wants to keep his location secret at the moment

Paul, I appreciate the time you took to write me! I'm flattered my books have made it to the prison library. Keep on reading! You'll love what I have planned next! That's a promise.
Liam
About Your Jibber-Jabberer
Liam Gibbs knew he was destined to write at age four, when he authored a breathtaking account of a cow who ate grass. The bovine saga failed to catch the public's eye but earned the budding author parental acclaim. Since those early times, he's gone on to write the novella Not So Superpowered and humorous articles for various magazines.
A twenty-year veteran of the brutal world of hand-to-hand comic book fandom, Gibbs cut his teenage teeth on titles such as Spider-Man, X-Men, New Warriors, and other Marvel comics.
Gibbs graduated college with a degree in professional writing, which included classes on fiction writing and story structure. He lives on the balmy shores of Ottawa, Canada, where he relaxes by watching staggeringly awful horror and science fiction movies. A health and fitness nut, he shoots lasers from his eyes, uses the word exclusive incorrectly, and once wrestled an exclusive brontosaurus. True story.


Who's that good-looking guy in the photo? The author's blocking him.
I'M ON A MISSION...

…to get a kazillion book reviews.

If you enjoyed this book and want others to enjoy it too, please take a minute to review it online. Reviews are the #1 way to draw in new readers and keep the series going.

This book was written as an homage to the comic mythos, and I'd love it if more readers could find it.

And, hey, I'd love to hear what you thought. Let me know you reviewed it, and I'll check it out.

Two or three lines is cool, and it would mean the world to me.


Review the book my dog rated "good enough to chew up."

tiny.cc/iagffa3
FREE DOWNLOAD

I want to give you free stuff. For free even!

Join the In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy army and get an exclusive, free story
you can't find anywhere else...just for signing up! How?
Mosey on over to tiny.cc/iagffa_army for all the details.

How awesome is that?



tiny.cc/iagffa_army
For updates and to be the envy of all your imaginary friends, come play along with me online.

Keep tabs on the series at inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com
Like it on at tiny.cc/iagffa_facebook
Follow it on tiny.cc/iagffa_twitter
Make barnyard noises with it on tiny.cc/iagffa_linkedin
Communicate with it via sign language. It's fun to learn and a helpful skill to have in a pinch. Plus you risk poking someone's eye out if you don't watch what you say.

To see more of whatever it is I'm rambling on and on and on about, please review this book online, in newspapers, everywhere. The more reviews people write, the better this book's ranking does, the more exposure this series gets, the more you help an independent author, and the more you prove you're laughing with me, not at me.
You're laughing with me, right

For a list of review links, please visit inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com/series.php#id3.

