Tevun-Krus Special #1
TK Presents @MadMikeMarsbergen... As He Eternally Dangles...
Copyright 2016 Mike Marsbergen
Smashwords Edition
1. Author Spotlight: MadMikeMarsbergen
2. The Mind in the Microwave
3. Idol
4. Glory To Wilwoxxia
5. Mars Mountain and the Grootslang of Richtersveld
6. The Robo-Bands Have Risen!
7. Calibration Day
8. The Bug That Bit Back
9. To Live and Die for TK
10. I AM OOORAH
11. The Breath of the Bone
In the first of an initiative to promote writers and Tevun-Krus alike, TK Presents MadMikeMarsbergen... As He Eternally Dangles... a collection of the ridiculously talented @MadMikeMarsbergen's own favourite of all his submissions to our ezine.



Author Spotlight: MadMikeMarsbergen


Mike, you're pretty prolific, certainly when it comes to writing for us here at TK. What's that all about?
Hmmm, what indeed? Why is water wet? Why has Jesus never come back to haunt us again? Some things are a mystery, and this is not one of those things. I write so much for TK because it's like banging a new broad every month—that is: My willy is my pen, the words are my seed and the story is the orifice. Maybe. I just woke up and I'm kinda horny. Anyway, I started writing for TK as a, I guess, a challenge to myself. I love to write but I hadn't seriously written any sci-fi and I felt it might help me as a writer to tackle something I had no real experience with. I really liked it so I kept doing it, much like any other addiction. TK is both my dealer and the drug. 

If you had to select a favourite of all your TK submissions, which one would it be and why? Yes, I'm asking you to select your child!
You monster. MURDERER! You've just placed a sniper rifle in my hands and now I'm systematically popping each of the apparently less-loved stories in their imaginary heads. This is really tough, particularly because I've written so many and I love each story in different ways. I could choose 'To Live and Die for T.K.' for being my first attempt at a whodunit mystery, and also being really, really funny. Or 'Calibration Day' for being a real head-trip. Maybe 'Joy to Deprever' for how damn horrific and obscene it is. But I'm afraid I may have to go for 'Mars Mountain and the Grootslang of Richtersveld,' because it's wacky and weird, and it was sitting in my head the longest amount of time. I'd had the idea for it since before I even started writing for TK, but had never felt I was good enough to realize it the way it was in my noggin. I feel very happy with how it turned out. I love the fourth wall–breaking humour, like when the narrator is describing some type of smoke-producing hologram and, right in the middle, Mannelich starts inhaling the smoke in an attempt at getting high, the narrator tells him off, Mannelich apologizes, that sort of thing. I love writing that kind of stuff. So, yeah, I think that might be my pick, but I'm sure if you asked me tomorrow or even later on tonight, I might be apt to say something different. 

What're your experiences writing Science Fiction outside of Tevun-Krus?
Honestly, not much. Before TK, I had some ideas which I knew were sci-fi but didn't feel experienced in seriously pursuing them. After TK, still not much. I've got 'Peanut Butter Beginnings,' a weird, mish-mash of theological, MythPunk, BonePunk, alt-universe/alt-history, comedy, horror, fantasy. Some of my TK stories this year vaguely tie into it. I guess the first Mars Mountain book (which I haven't finished writing), 'Mars Mountain and the Lost Souls of Negrebsram,' might count a little, though it's more science-fantasy. 'Reptilian,' the book I'm currently writing (and half-finished now; 54,635 words deep) is horror but it has some sci-fi elements with the monsters. So, yeah, not much—not right now, anyway. In ten years, I'm sure I'll have some more under my belt. Maybe when we're all in wheelchairs at the nursing home—me with soft food and drool dribbling down my chin, suffering from dementia; you with cigarettes hanging out of your ears—you can ask me again, and I'll ask you who the hell you are. 

In your view, what is the best thing about Tevun-Krus?
Oh, the titties, man. Definitely the titties. Y'know, I'm not sure. Maybe the plethora of different sub-genres. It helps to stretch the wings a little, and by wings I mean the Wings of Writing. From a reader's standpoint, I imagine getting numerous free stories by all sorts of different writers must be cool, and then you have the contests and all that other crap. Me, I'm a little more selfish, so I'll have to go with the various themes and genres we deal with each issue. 
And finally, what advice can you give to someone who might be looking to write within a massive variety of Sci-Fi sub-genres, just as you have done and, to be fair, continue to do?
Do whatever you want, you dirty bums. You ain't feedin' off my life-force, pal. Damn vampires. To be serious for only a second (or however long it takes you to read what follows), just write. If you want to read sci-fi books that fit into some of the sub-genres, be my guest. I've been doing that on occasion. Has it helped? I dunno, maybe. Whether it directly helps the story you're writing, I don't know, but I'm sure it helps your well-roundedness as a writer, to take in a different view and a different style. You might learn some new tricks. But, really, I suppose the most important thing is simply just to write. You'll never submit anything or finish anything if you don't start writing, and that might be one of the hardest parts. I remember back in 2012, I couldn't finish anything—I just didn't have the courage or the will to push through my self-doubt. A due-date is a great way to force yourself to get it out.


The Mind in the Microwave

PART ONE: A CYBERNETIC CITYSCAPE
1

ANOTHER perfect day, Bryce Donahue thought to himself as he spread copious globs of smooth peanut butter across a pair of stale graham crackers. In his hole-spreckled grey pajamas, he stood in the dirty kitchen of his dirty one-room apartment. The busted shitter lay in two pieces to his right (beside the busted fridge), the victim of another barrage of explosive diarrhea. He grabbed his grinder off the counter, opened it and took out a pinch of weed, sprinkling the pungent, dank, ground bud across his freshly peanut-buttered crackers. Then he sprinkled a few more pinches. And another pinch for good measure. Better too much than too little, as he always said. He licked the crystals from his fingers.

Whistling something quite tuneless, he smashed both crackers together. The weed-laced peanut butter was still too cold and solid to really ooze out the sides. Don't want to waste it. Bryce smacked his forehead. A damn good idea just came to him. He found a box of tinfoil and unrolled the last six-inch sheet. He wrapped up the treat and gently set it into the microwave. Setting the microwave to 4:20—and geeking-out in the process—he took a step back and waited for his cheap edible to be ready. He had the munchies bad, man.

Bryce was in for a rude awakening. He'd failed grade-nine physics, was too busy skipping class and getting stoned with his English teacher. So when the lightning show started, he thought maybe he'd absorbed some of the THC through his fingertips or his tongue, or something.

But I'm a hardcore toker, maaan. It would take way more than a few pinches to get me ripped hard enough to hallucinate this.

He shook his head. This wasn't the weed. This must've been some sort of conspiracy. Government PSYOP, perhaps? Or maybe his dealer had given him a bunk batch of bud. Yeah, that seemed more likely. Probably laced it with something extra. Saw how much I've been buying, thought he could get me to buy a little more frequently if he spiced it up with little hard-to-see aluminum flakes coated in cocaine, or something. But Jay-Zee was a cool dude, he wouldn't do something like this. Or maybe being cool was just the character he played—maybe Jay-Zee was a professional actor, paid by the government to pretend to be a dealer and get people hooked on some new experimental drug. Then they take our minds and make us into perfect, passive, working slaves, asleep while we're awake. Sheep going baa while the world around us changes beyond our control. Yeah. Bryce thought he'd give Jay-Zee a call. Ask him what the hell was up.

By now, the microwave was ringing its completion. Bryce had been spacing out. He opened the microwave and wafted away the nauseating fumes. Damn, man. His crackers were on fire. Cool. He tried inhaling some of the smoke, just in case, but it didn't get him high—only made him choke for breath and left him with a headache. Not cool. Now he really needed to call Jay-Zee. Straighten things out. Nothing worse than weed that only makes your head hurt.

Leaving the fire to burn itself out, he walked the three steps to his bed—a bug-infested mattress lying on the floor, just next to the toilet—which he'd stolen from the dump with his buddy, local rapper Da Chronix Rippaz. He found his cellphone in the back pocket of the one and only pair of jeans he'd ever owned. He held down 1, the speed dial for Jay-Zee.

His dealer answered on the first ring.

"Yo." The heartbeat-like, bass-heavy, thump-thump pulse of rap music could be heard in the background.

"Hey, man, it's B-Money."

"Yo, Brick Dolla-Signs. What up, homey."

"Dawg, this bag you sold me is bunk, dude."

"Word?"

"Word, dude. For realzies. This shit be sparking within my microwaving device. You hear, Jay-Zee?"

"I hear, homey. One sec."

Bryce heard the bong percolating on the other end.

Jay-Zee came back coughing up his lungs. "Homey, come by my crib. I'll hook you up. No sweat off my sack." His voice was even slower and more relaxed than usual.

"Wicked, Jay-Zeezus. I'll be by in five."

"Make it four-twenty, Bryce Paddy."

"Hahahaha!"

"Hehehehe!"

"Ahahaheheheha!"

"Heh. Peace, playa."

They both disconnected.

Bryce looked out his window at the Weird Place blizzard beyond. An old lady hobbled down the street, shielding her face from the oncoming flurries of snow. One second later, she slipped on a patch of black ice and pounded the pavement, clutching her hip. She promptly went rolling backwards out of sight. He heard a car honk its horn, then the screech of tires. The sound of shattering glass. A trio of gunshots. Shrieks. Sirens wailing.

He wasn't looking forward to going out in that mess, but free weed was worth doing anything for. And, not only that, Jay-Zee would be guaranteed to let him rip a few bong hits, probably roll up a fat joint or two, fire up the vaporizer, maybe even bust out the hash oil if he was lucky, and possibly toss his way a couple failed-cancer-cure research chemicals taken from the dumpster behind some lab in Dokerton. So, yeah, this was a trip worth making. He needed to throw on some pants, though. He searched around for a bit and then realized they were right there at his feet. He sat down on the mattress and tugged the jeans up around his legs.

It was when he found himself falling through the jeans, shrinking smaller 'til the one-room apartment above looked bigger than the whole block—wind in his face, blowing his hair back from his forehead—that he realized he should've just smoked a bowl instead.


2

WHEN he'd finished falling through the pair of pants, he'd come out the end of one of the legs and popped into a whole 'nother world.

Now we're trippin' with gasoline.

It was like stepping into a life-sized computer. Bryce knew computers. He knew all the components to them, what they looked like, what they were used for. This world resembled a massive motherboard, with deep-green and cyan hues pervading everything. It was like being a kid and watching Dad tinkering with and building new rigs, how he'd pretend he was looking at a miniature city, wondering what the little computer people were doing each day of their lives.

Hey, hon, just headin' on down to the CPU for the night, clocking my overtime pay. Be back in four-twenty hertz.

Hahaha. Classic.

The round gold-silver battery-thing in front of him was the city's power plant. Had to be. It dwarfed most things around it. Big snaking wires connected from it to the surrounding buildings. And everything around him was aglow with fluorescent light, like walking downtown in the middle of the night and hitting up the red-light district. Lots of sleazy-looking stores down there. But here, it was everywhere. Robo-Toyz 4 Boyz. Girly Stuff 4 Girly Sluts. Buy 1 Hole, Get 2 Free. Peanut Butter Rocks 4 Sale. CineMental Movies 4 The Mind. And on, and on. Shopkeepers kicked the crap out of unruly patrons, sent them sputtering and spitting blood on the curb. People laughed, then ran screaming when the shopkeeper came back shaking a futuristic-looking rifle: sleek silver metal, luminous greens and blues coming from the dials.

Neon-lit towers rose high to a smoggy, black, starless sky. Where are all the stars? Bryce wondered. And floating there—just the nose visible, the rest obscured by one of those enormous buildings—was some kind of huge ship, bigger than any flying machine back home. It was, like, the size of an aircraft carrier. Bigger, even. Green-blue-yellow lights alternated between faint flickers and intense, seizure-inducing strobes.

This is a strange place. A constant hum to the world around. And it smells like fried circuit board. Sticks to the back of the throat and burns. Like the microwave.

It was the pants that did it, Bryce thought, or maybe it was the microwave. Maybe both the pants and the microwave were responsible for transporting him to this... this... alternate universe. Hell, maybe his entire life had been but one big, unfinished exclamation mark, and this trip to another universe within his own—or outside of his own; big mind-fuck, there—was the dot to complete the line. That isn't so bad, he thought. At least then I know this isn't my fault.

Too busy staring around in wonder to notice the coming crowd, someone shoved Bryce from behind.

"Step out the way, Sanie."

He went sprawling to the street, putting his hands out to stop his fall, grinding his skin against the smooth green roadway in the process. As he fell, he managed to catch sight of numerous badges on the front of the shover's jacket, like those weird metalheads back home with their band-logo patches.

Robots were all around Bryce, coming closer. One was practically a robotic broom, marching and sweeping with all four of its limbs. Then there was one whose sole purpose seemed to be making a mess for the broom-bot to clean. Another had a shiny yellow star on its chrome-plated chest. It also had a huge pistol holstered at its side. This one bent down, a silver hand outstretched to him. He took it, felt cold steel send a chill up to his elbow, and was lifted to his feet.

"Hello. Human. Took a. Slip?" A permanent smile. Perfect teeth sparkling in the night.

"Ah," Bryce said, hissing through his teeth as he stood, testing his weight. "Skinned my knees and my hands." He checked his pajamas for fresh holes. "That asshole pushed me for no reason, man."

"Step. Aside, human," the robo-broom said in a high-pitched voice, much like a ringing phone. Its front brooms were relentlessly sweeping Bryce's shoes, shining them.

"Oops, sorry, bro." He stepped out of the robot's way. "Funny little thing, that broom. Trippy shit."

"Hop. On, citizen," the cop-bot told him, bending over as if wanting to give him a piggyback ride.

"Woah! Taxi service, too?" Bryce climbed aboard the robot with the gun. "Trippy shit."

Immediately they took off through the car-crowded streets, overtaking the vehicles ahead. Bryce saw they were all the same model—yellow, like the taxis back home; but shaped like computer components, their architecture on full display—and being driven by people who looked like clones of each other. Someone ahead, on the sidewalk to the right, looked back over their shoulder and then bolted forward.

"Where we goin', bro? What's the rush?"

"To. Enact. Justice."

"Oh, cool. Who on?"

"The one who. Attacked. You."

"Ah, sick shit. Ride on, man."

The chase took them through grimy alleys and past graffitied walls. Whipped by addicts who nodded off under thin blankets and ragged clothes, fighting off the chill of a cold, heartless city with the unconditional warmth only hard drugs could provide. Mongrel dogs with bleeding sores barked at them from behind chain-link fences. Young women, scantily clad, proffered parts for penetration. A man stood in the alley, and when they passed, he said something about "gettin' your eyes past twenty-twenty." Out into the street again.

The shover moved at a sprint now, somehow gaining ever-more-impossible speed. Their legs pumped with such rapidity they were a blur to the eye.

"How the hell are they moving so fast, bro? Are they an Olympic runner or something?"

"I detect. Biological engineering. Nanomolecular. Technology. And probable. Cybernetic. Implants."

"Woah, dude, slow down! Is... this... some science-fiction bullshit? How can you detect all that from here?"

"I am a. Machine. My vision is. Augmented."

"Ah, true dat."

And with that, Bryce and his robotic steed picked up their own speed. It was hard to believe, because the ride was impeccably smooth. He didn't even feel the robot's feet—do they have feet?—pound the pseudo-pavement. He heard the pneumatic systems working, that quick sound reminiscent of those air-powered impact wrenches that mechanics used to take off tires. Vrrr-RRR!

They were trailing the shover, gaining on him with every half-stride. Then the guy took a sudden, sharp left and plowed through a group of people, sending them to the street shouting. The robot, not nearly as efficient in ignoring the safety of civilians, was slowed by this maneuver. "Do not. Be alarmed. Citizens." It worked on regaining its previous speed.

Bryce noticed some kind of moving wanted poster on the concrete wall to his right. It showed a guy with a black balaclava, staring at him through dark-brown eyes, keeping pace with them as they moved. "Who's he?"

"The serial. Killer. Peanut. Butter Bandit. Body count. Estimated at three. Hundred."

"Holy hell!" Three hundred bodies. Bryce was pretty sure that was vastly above any killer back home, not including dictators who'd ordered others to kill for them, of course. "Peanut Butter Bandit, eh. Weird fuckin' name, if I ever heard one. Then again, I hang out with guys named Lazy Charlie and Mac Daddy Wilson and Ch-EZ Nutz."

The chase ended when the shover entered a nightclub through a side door. It banged shut.

Bryce hopped off and gave the door a tug. "Locked."

"Step. Aside."

At first he thought the robo-cop was gonna shoot the door open, as it aimed that massive pistol at the doorknob, but then out of the muzzle came two little metal arms. The arms extended further, inserted themselves into the keyhole, started working the lock. A click-click-CLICK told him the lock was now open.

They opened the door and immediately they were bombarded with sound. Bryce took a step back, it'd taken him by such surprise. It was the mech-organic ebb and flow of techno-style music, though that really didn't do justice to its sound—maybe throw in some glitch and noise, the whirr of blowing fans, and hints of the classical-influenced video-game music from back home.

They went inside.

If the ship in the sky's strobing lights were seizure-inducing, then the lighting in this club would be enough for anyone to fall to the floor and start foaming at the mouth. The effect was surreal, as the multicoloured flashing lights made him feel like he was moving through the crowds in a jerky, start-stop manner. People danced around him as though they were participants in a fast-motion tableaux, statuesque poses shifting with every blinking, passing second.

The cop-bot opened a way through the people before it, like that bearded dude in the Bible who parted the seas and shit.

There was an unmoving crowd standing in a circle. Bryce and the cop-bot pushed through.

And there was the shover. Sprawled on his back, dead and staring. His mouth was covered with a glob of peanut butter. Some dried foam made two lines down his cheeks on each side of his mouth, changing colour with the lights.

The cop-bot bent down and examined the corpse. It stood up and turned to Bryce. "I will. Phone. It in."

"Wait, bro! What if I get asked questions? Y'know. Like, as a witness."

"Beep-beep-bip. Boodle-bip-bip. Boop-boop-beep." The cop-bot's LED eyes flickered a few times over the course of a second. "Done. You are. Free. To go, citizen. Justice has. Been. Served."

"Woah, seriously? Okay, cool. Thanks for the lift and stuff. Peace, bro." Bryce nodded, impressed, and turned towards the door he'd entered from. The crowd parted before him, then made their way over to the body. He pushed open the door and went back outside. Felt that crisp, bad air enter his lungs. Much better after being in the hot and heavy club. He turned to make sure the door was closed tight.

And when he turned back, a masked man wielding a butter knife stood before him. And on that knife was peanut butter.


(I)

JAY-ZEE—real name: Jamestown Conroy Ziebmojcikskiewicz III—was worried. Actually, "worried" wasn't really the right word to use, since he was way too baked to even come close to being worried. But he was curious as to what was taking B-Money so long.

They'd joked about him being over in four minutes and twenty seconds. It actually took closer to seven or eight minutes to walk from his place to Jay-Zee's, especially with the winter storms going on. But it was now a half-hour since the end of their phone call. He'd shot Bryce a text (Yo dawg, u gettin Wendy's or sumfin?), and that was five minutes ago.

No response.

Jay-Zee loaded up another bong hit and tried to focus on Harold and Kumar getting sent to Guantanamo Bay. This was one of his favourite movies, but it didn't seem to make him laugh. Not tonight.

Hell, maybe "worried" was a perfectly good word to use.

He called Bryce's phone. No answer.

Deciding if Bryce didn't show up in fifteen minutes then he'd go over there, Jay-Zee tried really hard to sit back and laugh at the movie.


3

"YOU mean, you, like, haven't heard of Violent Sex Offender Necro Fuck Squad? They're only, like, the greatest underground brutal-death, rapecore, pornogrind band to hit the scene since Demented Cockmachine Whistlesnatch. They've released, like, just one two-minute demo that's only been, like, heard by the band members themselves, and their friends and family. But I've heard it. Yeah, I, like, know the lead screamer. I had a drunken screw with him once. We ate, like, curly fries with peanut butter while we did it."

The others surrounding the bragging female bobbed their heads in appreciation. They all had matching jackets with patches on them. Each patch was fairly unique, though some were identical on each wearer.

This group began walking past the alley where Bryce was being held hostage by the apparent Peanut Butter Bandit, whose hand was wrapped around Bryce's throat.

"I, like, banged the bassist from Girlcunt once," one guy said.

"Ewwww, like, the bassist!?"

"What! She's, like, hot!"

The group disowned him, throwing him into oncoming traffic. He was soon a mushy, twitching red smear. The group bolted before the authorities could arrive.

The Peanut Butter Bandit snorted at this exchange, relinquished his grip from Bryce's throat. His eyes rolled within that balaclava. "We call them Loonies," he said, his voice dry like sandpaper. "They're a gang, I guess you could say, but there's no leadership. It's more of a clique, a club, a social cult. Everyone who wants to be seen as 'different' dresses like that, though I'm not too sure how dressing the same as everyone else can be considered unique. Those patches on their jackets? Badges of honour. All their made-up psychological problems, self-created deformities and diseases, through bioengineering, nanotech or software installations. Fuckin' idiots, if you ask me. But I can tell you're not from around here," he added, eyeing up Bryce's clothing and stunned expression.

"Dude," Bryce said, eyes darting from the butter knife to the fresh, steaming hamburger meat in the street. "I'm from a little town called Weird Place, bud. I've been transported here somehow. I-I-I dunno... What fucking country is this, man?"

"Country...? We don't have country here. Not even sure what that word means..." He paused as if in thought. "But Weird Place, huh? We've got a Weïrd Plās, a little island to the south-west. But this is Peburia City, the shining jewel of the Mainland. A scar on society's ass."

"Peburia City? The hell is that? Never heard of it, man. And, dude, how do you not have a country? Everybody's got a country. I'm from Canada, bro. Born and raised," Bryce added proudly.

"Um, you are from Peburia, aren't you?"

"Dude, the fuck is Peburia? You just said it was the city. Is that the name of a clothing brand, or something, man? An animal you guys love? The hell, dude? I'm lost here, man."

"That's our planet, dude. What planet are you from, man?"

"Earth, man. Big blue-and-green globe. Goes spinning 'round and 'round the Sun. We've got the Moon going 'round us, too." He looked up at the pitch-black, starless sky. No Moon. Very weird. "Where's your Moon?"

"Earth? The Moon?" The Peanut Butter Bandit shrugged his shoulders. "Never heard of them. And I've never heard of a planet you can see from the outside, either..."

"I dunno, man, it's science. Dude, can you, like, stop waving that knife in my face?"

"Sure. You seem cool enough. Weird as hell, though, since I guess you'd technically be an alien, if what you're saying is true..." He licked the peanut butter off the knife and tucked it inside the front pocket of his blue sweatshirt. "Mind you, aliens are supposed to be fiction. Little green humanoid reptiles that live underground."

Feeling a little more at ease now, Bryce said, "Shit, if I'm an alien, then so are you. By the way, I saw your work in there, my man." He cocked a thumb back at the nightclub. "That asshole made me skin my knee, so I'm glad he's dead. But, uh... I gotta ask: Why peanut butter?"

"Why not? I was watching when you appeared out of nowhere. Thought maybe you had some new experimental tech my brother never told me about. Then I saw that Loonie push you. Figured I could take him out and meet you... You intrigue me, stranger."

"Well, here I am, dude. Name's Bryce. Bryce Donahue."

"Albert Milton. Junior."

"Cool, Albert. I'll call you Al... Say, uh, you know where can I score some weed?"

"Weed?"

Bryce started weeping, pulling out clumps of his hair. "Oh, jeeze. No. Goddamnit, no! No weed. Oh, fuck." He wiped his eyes. Rubbed the snot from his nose. "No weed!? How does a guy have fun around here? What about booze? 'Shrooms? Mescaline? Acid? Coke? Speed? Crystal? Fuck—PCP? Any drugs here at all, bro?"

"Ah, drugs! Why didn't you say so?" Al pulled out what looked like a cellphone or an iPod, or something. He pressed a button and said, "Computer. Need a pickup."

A sedan-like car, with its black internal architecture on display, immediately rumbled into the alley and came to a stop. The driver's-side window went down. "Hello, Master," said the well-dressed man driving the car. He had a big brown goatee. His voice was mildly robotic-sounding, but not quite as robotic as the cop-bot. "I trust you have found your quarry?"

"Yeah, this is him," he replied, opening the rear door. He motioned for Bryce to get in.

Bryce hesitated. "You're not gonna, like, serial-kill me or anything, right?"

"You'd already be dead, believe me."

"True dat." He got in and scooted over. It was a very luxurious interior, with squeaky leather seats and even drink dispensers.

Al came in beside and closed the door. He took off his balaclava and gave his dark-brown, almost-black hair a shake. He had a couple days' stubble on his cheeks and chin. An upturned nose. A heavy brow. "Computer, find our friend Bryce here a drug dealer." His voice was different now, smooth and intelligent-sounding. Like he put on a phony voice while he wore his face mask, for some reason.

Computer, the man—robot?—in front, nodded. "Searching... Searching... Subject found. Three kilometres east in Abber's Dabber. 182 Westpoint Street."

"Please take us there, Computer."

"Yes, Master."

The car backed out of the alley—wheels slightly jouncing over the remains of the dead body, grinding meat against the green circuit-board street—turned itself around and drove off.


4

ABBER'S Dabber was colloquially known as The Slums, Al told Bryce while they drove. It may have been the years of daily, all-day weed smoking—or maybe inhaling the burning tinfoil in the microwave—but the phonetic similarities to the nearby town of Abberdenabber (back in his world) didn't click in for him until they'd nearly arrived at their destination. Abber's Dabber—Abberdenabber? That was some trippy shit, dude!

Gang members, warming their hands over trashcan bonfires spread along the dirty streets, aimed loathsome looks at their vehicle when they travelled past. According to Al, there were three rival gangs in this province of Peburia, all duking it out for supremacy. Though one gang was actually from the region east of Abber's Dabber, Doker's Point—now that name clicked in very quickly for Bryce; it was remarkably similar to Dokerton. The three gangs were the Abber Westside Krew, the East Dabber Boiz, and the Doo-Wop Klan. All very violent, according to Al. People didn't venture outside their apartment complexes around here, not unless they enjoyed the risk of being mugged, beaten and murdered; or they were with the gangs doing the mugging, beating and murdering.

The car stopped outside a dilapidated apartment complex. Rotting boards hung from some of the windows. Others were just plain broken. A layer of grime coated the place. There were bloodstains on the staircase. Dried rainbow puddles of puke and brown ice-cream swirls of dog turds on the grass out front. So, all in all, it felt like home to Bryce—matter of fact, it was a bit of an upgrade; like going from a snooze in your beat-to-shit Ford hatchback to a Hilton with blow in the salt shakers and your own personal collection of grade-A whores to bang. He happily alighted from the vehicle. The thought of getting stoned put a bounce in his step. He just wondered what drug it was he'd be getting stoned on, and how would he get it into his system? Smoke it? Inject it? Drink it? Eat it? Shove it up my ass? How?

"Better stay mobile, Computer," Al was saying, bending over to talk to his robo-driver. "Wouldn't want any of these gangs to take their anger out on you. Not sure what I'd do with myself if I found you lying in the street, just a head saying, 'Master, Master,' over and over again. Probably kill myself."

"Certainly, Master," Computer said. "I do not wish to die, as you well know. And I do not wish for you to die in retaliation for my demise, as it goes against my core programming to see you in any way injured, maimed or assaulted, however gravely. Good luck, Master, and do call if I am needed. Love you."

"Love you, too, Computer."

Possible gay romance? Bryce wondered. He didn't get this whole robot–human dynamic—though, to be fair, he didn't get a whole lot about this world. This part of Peburia looked far more similar to his own world, not one gram, quarter- or half-ounce to be seen of the cybernetic cityscape that was Peburia City. No neon, no towers, nothing but a long-forgotten ghetto in dire need of some government funding. Like the big technological upgrade never reached this lonesome locale, the people left to live in their perpetual state of squalor. Naturally, with no real opportunities—no chance at real success; at making it—the people had been forced to resort to crime, whether it be against others or the self.

A sad state of affairs that seemed to transcend universal boundaries. A constant across at least two universes. Bryce wished he had a bowl to smoke right about then. Those were some trippy-ass thoughts.

Al met him by the stairs, his mask back on. He tossed a red one to Bryce.

"What's this, man?"

"Put it on." Back to the growling voice.

"Why, bro?"

"Because we don't want to be identified. How do you think I've been killing people for so long?"

"I dunno," Bryce said, pulling the red balaclava over his face. He tried mimicking Al's voice, constricting his throat to sound as though he'd choked down ten bong hits in quick succession. "How's my voice?"

"Don't do the voice. That's my thing and it doesn't suit you."

"Damn."

"Anyway, to be truthful, I've got a special contact who controls all the androids—even the Mobile Police models—and they know not to arrest me. My brother Xavier. So that helps... And, if I'm allowed to brag, I did write the code for the OS all those tin cans are running."

"Al, isn't that, like, cheating, dude?" It sounded like cheating to him. A serial killer who had no fear of being arrested? Cheating.

Al pointed up at the sky. A blinking green light could be seen in the darkness above the skyline. "See that, Bryce? That's the Control Tower. You shut that down, the androids get shut down, too. The Leader Of The World lives up there, in his lofty haven above us mere mortal men. Fuckin' prick."

"Leader Of The World? That sounds like some straight-up New World Order–type shit, man," Bryce noted. "You guys got a Bilderberg Group here, too? Pulling all the strings? Turning us into good little sheep with the fluoride in the water I don't drink and the super-rare-and-deadly-disease vaccines I stopped getting when I was nine... Telling us dinosaurs died out before we came to be, when really the dinosaurs evolved into reptilian hybrid creatures who now wear suits and masquerade as men... Brainwashing us with music and movies and science textbooks... That's why I only watch underground stuff, bro. The Illuminati don't pull those strings, man. They can't find 'em. Don't know what needs pulling, dude. Yeah..."

Al blinked twice, opened his mouth, closed it. He gave his head a little shake and shrugged. "I'm not gonna ask." He started walking up the stairs, toward the apartment's entrance. "Come on."

Bryce caught up with him and they went inside, then up the stairs. Didn't even look at the name attached to each room. Al seemed to know where he was going.

They stopped on the fourth floor. Room twenty-four. Al hammered on the door, his hairy knuckles and hairier hands on display.

The door opened a crack. A pair of wild, rolling red eyes appeared. The door swung open.

A man with more scabs on his face than skin stood there, grinning. "Heeeeeey guys come the fuck in!" His voice moved faster than his wandering eyes. He waved them in and then yanked an uncertain Bryce inside. "Cool fucking masks guys super-cool doing the whole don't-want-you-to-know-who-the-fuck-I-am thing I can respect that these are troubled fucking times we're living in here yessir don't know who the fuck you can trust anymore but you guys are cool I can tell oh oh oh you want your drugs fuck yeah DRUGS do 'em all the time one sec chill somewhere."

Bryce and Al, masked and anonymous, stood in front of a TV with a bullet hole in the centre of its cracked screen.

Bryce gave Al a nudge with his elbow. "You know this guy, man?" he muttered under his breath. "He seems a little cray-cray."

"Nope. Just he's a dealer, according to Computer's database."

The dealer came back with a bag of brown-coloured rocks. "Yo which one of you guys is the crack smoker JUST KIDDING both of you dudes are am I right fuck yeah DRUGS!" He suddenly fell backwards, collapsing into the couch, and started snoring. The bag of rocks hit the dirty floor with a thud.

"Crack?" Bryce asked, picking up the bag. "You guys got crack, too, man?"

Al was too busy jamming peanut butter into the dealer's wide-open mouth to answer. The dealer woke up with a jerk, arms flailing, but by that point he was choking on the peanut butter. With a jar in his other hand, Al just kept shovelling more and more in. He stopped mid-shovel, holding out the knife. "I'm sorry, did you want to have a try?"

"Nah, man," Bryce said, giving his head a shake. "Not for me. Killing random people is your thing. But you keep doing what you're doing."

The dealer's face turned red, then purple. Then he was dead. Al got off.

Tearing open the bag and examining a rock, Bryce carelessly shoved the dead dealer off the couch with his foot. He sat down in the dealer's place. He sniffed the rock. Smelled like peanut butter.

Al removed his mask and wiped sweat from his forehead. His hair stuck up in points. "We call it crack because of the way you smoke it, Bryce. Are you ready for this? How far will you go to get high, my friend?"

"I'll do anything and everything, dude," Bryce said, eyes wide. He took his mask off. "I'd even shag that corpse—which, by the way, dude, is really starting to stink already. You mind dragging his ass out?"

Once the corpse was gone, Al came back with a couple long tubes, their insides blackened with resin.

Bryce saw the tubes and grabbed one. "This shit use a hookah?"

"Since I don't know what that is... No. Anyway," Al explained, taking the rock from him and popping it into one end of the other tube, "pull your pants down and shove one end of that up your ass. You might need to moisten it with your spit."

Without dwelling too much on the deepest, darkest depths to which he'd sunk, Bryce did exactly that. He sat with his pajamas at his ankles and a long rubber hose curled at his side. Al grabbed the other end of the hose and smacked it against the remaining end of his hose. The two tubes seemed to snap into place.

"Now what?" Bryce asked.

Al had a cylindrical device in his hand. He flicked it and a blue flame shot out. Like a groovy butane torch. He held it against the tube, melting down the rock inside. The rock bubbled and burped. Thick black smoke billowed about inside the tube. "Now, uh, clench and unclench."

Bryce's face scrunched together, his upper lip raised. "Done."

The smoke snaked its way through the tube.

"Keep doing it," Al said, burning the last of the rock.

With a mix of fascination and anticipation, Bryce saw the smoke nearly reach the unseen frontiers of his anus. How would this high feel? He'd only done a drug rectally once, and that was accidentally at the airport. He took a deep breath as a warmth spread throughout his lower region, rising. A tingle in his scalp. A widening of his eyes.

—He looks down at my disintegrating hands—

—I see his fingers vibrate in the air, wispy tendrils spiralling from the tips—

—We lift from the couch, like the gravity in this world has changed—

Rising. Rising. Into the air. Out of this apartment. Out of this room. Floating through the chilly night.

A shape is a shape is a shape. Nameless. Wandering. Meet my maker in the outer reaches far beyond. Space–time coalesces in ways never before considered. A blink of the eye, a beat of the heart. And impossible distances are traversed.

A ship. A beacon. Rocking to and fro under this vacant heaven.

Lights show me. Teach me. This is where God lives. This is what it means to know.


(II)

JAY-ZEE turned off the movie before the infamous cockmeat-sandwich scene. He just couldn't get into it. Calling Bryce's phone again, and again getting no answer, he'd decided to pack his shit and head on over. With any luck, they'd bump into each other on the way over. Then they'd laugh, come back and chill at Jay-Zee's crib. Smoke a jumbo-sized doobie.

He could only hope.


PART TWO: THE MIND IN THE MICROWAVE

5

THE electrodes slid off his temples and he knew the movie was over. It'd filled in some of the blank spots in his memory that'd formed after smoking the drug. But there was still a duration of time that hadn't been filled—namely, his state of unconsciousness, which came as a direct result of smoking the peanut-butter rocks. The initial high had been some pretty trippy shit—flying and stuff—but what had followed was the furthest thing from fun. Panic. Then... nothingness. He was glad it was over. Now, if only he could get his hands on some weed. Good ol' ganja. Those thoughts naturally led him back to his old life. He wondered if he'd ever get back home.

Bryce got up from the Sensi-Chair and twisted the knots out of his spine. He threw aside the blue velvet curtain and stepped out into the hallway. Al was in the next booth over. He drew back the drapery and saw Al rubbing his eyes. The 'trodes hung from their slot in front of the screen.

"How was your first mind movie?" Al asked him.

"Trippiest shit ever, dude," Bryce said. They walked out of the screening area and made for the exit. "It filled in some of the blanks, but, guy—I still don't remember what happened after."

"After you smoked the rock and started flying, you mean?"

"Yeah."

They were on the street again, just outside of the Doker's Point CineMental theatre. In the distance, the Solar Tree Forest lit-up in the night, expending a fraction of the energy it had acquired throughout the day.

"So on my end," Al said, "you weren't floating so much as having a spaz on the couch. Your eyes got all funny and started dancing left and right, twitching sort of. Then you passed out. I eased the tube out of your asshole and pulled your pajamas back up. Carried you out and Computer drove us here, to Doker's Point. By that point you were conscious and saying you couldn't remember shit, so I hooked you up to the 'trodes and you got to watch what led to that point of blacking out. Clear?"

Bryce nodded. "Makes a bit more sense, yeah. I think that shit was a little too much for me. Wish I had some damn weed, dude... So where we goin' now, man?"

"Solar Tree Forest. It's pretty at night. By day, it's a little hard on the eyes, since the solar panels fuckin' blind you. But at night, it's like walking around a fairy tale."

When they arrived, he saw what Al had said was completely true. It was like a fairy tale, like living inside a real-life Disney movie—that was the scale of the sense of wonder this place instilled. Heavenly white light emitted from every solar-panel leaf on every solar-panel branch of every solar-panel tree. Each panel had a high-tech glass ball—a sort of magnifying glass, Al explained—which moved with sophisticated computer programming in concordance with the Sun's light to allow for maximum energy yield. And of course the leaves and branches moved, shifted, still tracking the Sun, despite it being night time. The forest danced, shaking its many arms, twiddling its many fingers. It was surreal to see.

They sat down at the base of one tree, watching the forest and its beauty. Al busted out what looked like a joint to Bryce. He clung to Al's leg, tugging on his pant material, practically humping him.

"You've got weed, man!? I NEED THAT DRUG!!!!"

Al looked shocked, maybe even insulted. "This ain't a drug, pal. It's medicine. And it's not 'weed.' It's peanut-butter oil. Powerful stuff. It's wrapped in paper-thin, see-through sheets of circuit board. Some of the most innocuous material ever made. Perfectly safe." He sparked the tip of the joint with his butane torch. Took a long—and what looked to be satisfying—hit. Thick white smoke curled off the burning end. Smelled like roasted peanuts. He started coughing and passed the joint Bryce's way.

Greedily, Bryce accepted the joint. He sucked down smoke like a drowning man sucks air, anything to stay alive. He took a breath and held the smoke in, pulling it deeper into his lungs, trying to achieve the maximum effects. Immediately, he felt that typical sensation he loved. A mellowness. Like everything was A-okay. All he needed to do was chill, and smoke more. He giggled to himself, and he couldn't stop grinning.

Al took the joint back. "Be careful with that. It's potent stuff, Bryce."

"It's just like weed." And he howled laughter like a hyena after a kill. And that mental image—of a red-eyed, shit-faced hyena, grinning from ear to ear, chuckling like Scooby Doo—made him laugh harder than ever.

Now Al was laughing, too. When he'd regained his composure, he said, "You're gonna brown-out if you don't take it easy."

They passed the joint some more. Bryce took Al's words to heart and took it even harder. A brown-out sounded fun. When the joint was finished, they got to talking deep subjects, pouring their hearts out to each other.

"Dad abused me," Al was saying, sobbing in between words. "Beat me. Swore at me. He was a raging alcoholic. Alcohol's that shit they make from rotting peanut butter. Some true poison, buddy. He was never the same after Mom left us. But it was his fault! All his fault! If he hadn't started drinking, Mom never would have left! She didn't like it. She said it made him unpredictable. And then he hit her one night. And she was gone. And after that, he started hitting me and Xavier. Guess he needed a new punching bag or two. We were scared of him. But we loved him. And still so scared..."

"Dude. That, like, uh, sucks, man."

Al turned his head and spat, "Yeah, dude, it does, like, suck, man. Can't a guy talk about his shitty childhood without hearing dumb, half-assed comments like that?"

"Sorry," Bryce said. "But one thing I learned while getting ripped on weed is, keep the sensitive subjects off-limits. This stuff can make everything funny as hell, or it can turn you into a crying clown, bro." He searched the spacious horizons of his mind for a different thing to talk about. The world, maybe? "Tell me about Peburia, Al. Anything cool about this place I should know about?"

"According to the Church of Glasomil, we're all stuck inside a computer simulation," Al said, matter-of-factly.

"That sounds like some Matrix-type shit, man."

"Matrix?"

"The Matrix was a killer fucking movie back from my world. The world we live in is a... a sort of computer construct, you feel me? But we think it's real. Then it showed the actual real world, dude, and they were these sad-sack people living off creamed wheat inside their ships and fighting against these machines that looked like squids."

"That sounds a little too far-fetched to me, Bryce."

"Same, man, but here I am, in an alternate universe. So it seems like, well, like things are a little crazier than we thought. Truth is, uh, stranger than fiction. Can't remember who said that."

"You did. Just now."

"True dat. So who's Glasomil?"

"God, basically. He created the universe, created Peburia and all its people in his image. He had a brother, Pebusa, who would eat children. So they say. I don't believe a word of it."

"That's pretty intense." Bryce pointed up at the sky, where the ship with the crazy light patterns still lingered. "Man, what the hell is that? Saw it when I first arrived. Tripped me out."

"We call them the Watchers. According to historians, that ship suddenly popped-up in the sky one day. Nobody's ever come out. It's never landed. Just sits up there... Watching us."

"Aliens?"

"Aliens are supposed to live underground, Bryce. Not in the sky."

A silence passed between them, where they both dwelled on their own existences, thought their own thoughts but didn't speak them.

Then Bryce said: "Think about it, man, You've got ten hot dogs in a pack, and yet you only get eight buns, dude. Who do they think they're fooling, yo?"

Al ignored that.

"Yo, fuck-boys," a voice said from behind. They spun around, taken by surprise. One of the gang members was there. Scars all over his white face. Missing teeth. He had a gun. "Having a little heart-to-heart? Or should I say dick-to-ass?"

"Haw-haw!" They spun around again and saw another guy with a gun. This one was microcephalic and Asian-looking. His head looked like a baby's on top of his adult-sized body, the forehead practically microscopic. Eyes swollen and facing opposite directions. He tilted his head to the side when he laughed. His profile showed off just how pinheaded he was.

"Shut up!" shouted a third guy who'd entered the picture. This one was black. He smacked Baby-Face and sent him spilling to the ground. Baby-Face's gun went clattering off to the side.

"Hey, Shithead," the first guy was saying, "stop fucking up our own men."

"Sorry, Topher," Shithead said bashfully, kicking pebbles on the ground.

Topher grabbed Bryce by the scruff of the neck and threw him to stonework below. He saw Al press a button on his mobile device. Was he alerting Computer?

Unfortunately, Topher also saw what Al was doing and knocked the mobile device from his hands. "No fucking calls!" He aimed his pistol at the phone and blew it to smithereens, shrapnel going flying. One of the bits of debris took out a solar panel—the affected light went dark. "Now, shitbirds, I believe I saw you two dildos give us the stink-eye in your fancy fucking car. Shithead, did I see them give us the stink-eye?"

Shithead nodded violently.

"Baby-Face, did I see them give us the stink-eye?"

"Haw-haw!" Baby-Face replied.

Topher dragged Bryce over to Al's side and booted them both in the gut. They went keeling over, gasping for air.

Bryce felt the barrel of the gun press into his temple. Then it dug into his ear, twisting and turning to dig in deeper. Cold metal. Just one twitch of the finger and it was all over. His brains would be splattered across the ground, on Al's face.

"Now, tell me, fuck-boy, why I was wrong about you giving me the stink-eye. I'll make this real easy for you. I can be convinced." Topher unbuckled his belt and started unzipping his fly. "Watch and learn, ugly," he said to Al, "because you're next up to bat."


(III)

BRYCE'S apartment building was a shit-sty. Jay-Zee had been there before, and every step was an exercise in avoiding having your clothes dirtied, your shoes sullied and your self-respect tarnished. He heard people shouting inside their rooms, loud enough to get through the closed doors. And then there were the arguments that extended out into the hallways themselves.

Not cool. Jay-Zee was glad he was sufficiently baked, or else this would have been a real trip for the mind. At least the greenery numbed all that other crap out a bit. Gave him a safe little corner just for himself, where no man or devil incarnate could touch him.

He found Bryce's room on the second floor. He knocked. Waited. No answer.

"B-Money? What up, dawg? It's Jay-Zeezus."

No response. He gave the doorknob a twist. It was unlocked.

He pushed open the door, fearful of what horrors he might see inside.


6

TOPHER'S dick was like a baseball bat, which made his little joke to Al all the more revolting. He watched as the prick's engorged prick slapped against the side of Bryce's face, trying to get into his buddy's mouth, strings of semen stuck to his cheeks. Toying with him. Bryce was doing everything in his power to avoid blowing Topher, even potentially at the cost of his own life.

Al hoped help arrived soon. Until then, he needed to buy his buddy some time.

Baby-Face was supposed to be on lookout, but he just seemed to be finding blood-tinged green-yellow snacks up in his nose to munch on.

"Leave him alone, faggot," Al said. Shithead was guarding him, and he felt the guy's gun dig into his own skull.

"What did you say?" Topher asked him, turning his drooling weapon Al's way now. "Because I thought I heard you say, 'I'd like to blow you first, Lord Topher.' Is that what you said?"

Al kept quiet.

"Is that what you fucking said? Shithead, did you hear him say that?"

"Yup."

"Baby-Face, did you hear him say that?"

"Haw-haw!"

"Then we're all in agreement. It's your lucky day, friend! Good thing I like my blowjob-units with black hair. Feels more exotic that way."

Bryce grimaced as he watched Topher now force himself on Al, who was putting up the same kind of fight he was, even going so far as to slap the monstrous appendage. Sadly, that only seemed to make Topher more aroused, if appearances were anything to go by.

"Yeah, spank that shit. But not too hard! Or else it's gonna go everywhere early. And then I'll be really mad."

BLAM.

Baby-Face dropped forwards, lifeless, the back of his head looking like a bowl of mushed-up strawberries.

"What the f—!?" Topher screamed, wheeling around to see who—or what—had fired the gun. He struggled with his own gun, as his focus seemed to be on getting his baseball bat back into his pants.

Shithead was crying beside Baby-Face's exploded head.

BLAM.

That shot took him in the chest, blowing a chunk of bloody flesh out his back, and sent him sliding backwards a few feet. He slumped back, hitting his head on the stone ground. Dead.

The scent of gunpowder was in the air.

"Shit! Shit, shit, shit!" Topher waved his gun around. "Alright, fuck-nose. Get the hell out here, you piece of shit! You killed Baby-Face and Shithead! Baby-Face would've been some greaseball's screw-toy if it weren't for me! He was an innocent kid! And Shithead only wanted to be like me, lord of these lands! So come on out, fuck, or I'll blow these two queers to pieces!"

A cop-bot walked out from behind a solar tree, chrome pistol still smoking. It fired again.

BLAM.

Topher's left arm—the one whose hand held the gun—was ripped off by the shot. He screamed in pain and reflexively grabbed his now-bleeding stump, howling out about how much it hurt. He sat down beside his severed arm and tried to stop the blood from flowing.

Al laughed, picked himself up, wiping his face. "You got my message, Quentin?"

The cop-bot, Quentin, nodded. Blew away the smoke pouring out the barrel of its gun. "I most certainly did, Albert Milton, Jr. And based off the situation I stepped into, it appears as though I came in the nick of time."

"You can get up, Bryce. We're safe now."

"Wait, this guy's a robot, too?" Bryce asked, standing up. He wiped his own face with his shirt. "But he talks like one of us, man!"

"I am a higher-ranking Mobile Police android," Quentin said. "We are given the luxuries of advanced speech and greater levels of autonomy." It came over to Topher, who was now quite pale and shivering. "Shall I blast this human trash into the Sun?"

"No," Bryce found himself saying, much to his own surprise. Al looked at him, eyebrow cocked up. "I'd appreciate it if you could let me, dude."

Al took out his butter knife and a jar of peanut butter from his front pocket. "Care to use this?"

Bryce accepted the tools of Al's trade. He unscrewed the lid from the jar, tossed it aside. With the knife, he scooped out a helping of peanut butter, then advanced on Topher. The asshole backed away, or tried to, anyway. He seemed to be getting damn close to a state of shock. Bryce set the jar of peanut butter down next to him and pulled down Topher's lower jaw. He shoved the peanut butter into Topher's mouth, getting it in deep, right to the back of the throat, piercing skin. Topher lacked the strength to fight back, just a weak lifting of his remaining arm—it dropped back down instantly.

When Bryce was done killing Topher, Al admired the work. Blood mixed with saliva and warm peanut butter, ran down Topher's chin. "Looks like The Prophet was right."

"Hmm?"

"The Prophet said you'd become my apprentice, Bryce. Looks like he was right."

"Who's 'The Prophet'?"

"I could tell you about him, but I think it's better that you meet him for yourself." He took out another mobile device, identical to the one that'd been destroyed, pushed the button and said, "Computer. Need a pickup." Then he pushed the button again. "Prophet? It's Albert."

Bryce went over and looked at the screen. A man in a tan trenchcoat was visible. He seemed to be sitting at a table with the wall behind him. The hood on his jacket was up. His face was shrouded with a mass of black shadow.

"You were right about Bryce," Al continued. "He did what you said he'd do."

A gravelly voice answered: "Of course he did, Albert. Hello, Mr. Donahue. Pleased to finally meet you. You can call me The Prophet. We'll talk more at the Doker's Point Henry's. I'll be waiting. May the prophecies guide you." He disconnected.

"That was some trippy shit," Bryce said as Computer pulled up with the car.

"He told me you were coming," Al told him while they got in. "Quentin, you mind cleaning up?"

Quentin the android nodded. "Always a pleasure, Albert Milton, Jr."

"Take us to the nearby Henry's, Computer."

"Certainly, Master."


(IV)

HE saw nothing. Just an empty apartment in dire straits. A fridge without a door. A toilet right beside that, cut right down the middle with hardened shit all on the inside of the bowl. Clothes scattered around the mattress on the ground.

Jay-Zee realized then what bad shape Bryce had been in. It was disgusting, to be perfectly honest. He wouldn't have been surprised to see cockroaches go scuttling from corner to corner. Or a dead hooker to be lying behind the bed. "Bryce? You in here, dawg?"

Nothing, just as he'd been expecting. B-Money was gone. No word as to where or why. He checked around for a note, something that might give him an idea as to what had happened to his friend—but when he was certain no note would be found, he made to leave.

That's when he saw the microwave door hanging wide open.

He looked inside and nearly puked. It was only because of the weed that he hadn't.

Within the microwave, partially wrapped in tinfoil, was a human brain.

Still smoking, too.


7

HENRY'S Peanut Butter Sandwich Shop—Henry's, for short—was a fast-food franchise in Peburia. There was at least one store in every province on the Peburian mainland, and also one in most of the provinces down south, on the Isle of Ý. Peburians loved their peanut butter, evidently, which made sense—peanut butter readily flowed from the ground. It was like Italians with their tomato sauce. Jamaicans with their ganja,

Henry Milton—the founder of the franchise—was Al's grandfather, interestingly enough. There were pictures of him on the walls of each establishment, grinning wide for the camera, his cheeks always thickly covered with bristles of reddish-brown stubble.

Bryce and Al sat in a corner booth. The TV in the place was set to Channel 3 News, where the anchorman Dale E. Newstory informed viewers of the recent Peanut Butter Bandit killings. He said there were no leads yet, though Mobile Police were working the case and were certain something would come up soon. Bryce had to smirk at that.

After their introductions, The Prophet had gone to the bathroom to "freshen up." He was an interesting dude and, no matter which way the light was hitting him, his face somehow never seemed to lose its mask of shadow. He came out of the bathroom and sat back down opposite Al and Bryce. Though there were others in the restaurant with them, nobody appeared to notice The Prophet.

"So, where were we, you two?" he said to them. "Enjoy your sandwiches?" Only a few crumbs remained on Bryce's plate. On Al's, there were a couple strips of crust. The Prophet's sandwich was left untouched. "You can have mine, if either of you like. A thoughtful gesture, getting me one, but I need not eat."

Bryce grabbed for it, started devouring it. Peanut butter and mango jam. Mmm.

"Now, Bryce, you may think it was a random coincidence that you arrived here within our world. I can assure you, it was anything but. You have a purpose here, in this world, alongside Albert. The agents of Glasomil conspire against this planet and its people, they seek to poison its wellspring of life, of freedom. It may appear they are winning. And perhaps they are. For now. One thing you should know: Albert is not a serial killer, he is a contract killer. And I have been his employer for some time now. And I would like to employ you, too. Do you accept?"

Licking his fingers, Bryce said, "Got nothin' better to do, man."

The Prophet chuckled at that. "Excellent. I knew you would accept. You'll work alongside Albert. Albert, you should allow Bryce to train in your VR unit, help perfect his skills."

Al nodded.

"Which leads me to my job for you two. Albert, you and I have been working towards this goal for a few good years now, haven't we?

"What is our mission, Prophet?" Al asked, hanging on to every word the man spoke.

"I want you two to kill The Leader Of The World."

Bryce snorted. "Can that be done, man?"

"It can, but it will take time and great care. You will need to train yourself, Bryce. And we will take this one step at a time. One head at a time, perhaps. For you may know, Albert, that The Leader Of The World surrounds himself with able-bodied men, men who are quite capable of taking lives to achieve the goals of their glorious Leader. Some may do it through surreptitious means, via matters of faith or through a supply of drugs; while others may instead achieve those goals in a more brazen manner. Prepare yourselves, you two. I will be in touch when the time is right. May the prophecies guide you."

The Prophet left the restaurant like a phantom, silently and unnoticed by all except those aware of him.

"Pretty trippy shit," Bryce said.

Al nodded. "You ready for this?"

"Not sure, but I kinda think this is my destiny, dude."

"You'll need a name for yourself. An alias, like me."

With peanut butter and jam sandwiches in mind, Bryce grinned. "How about... 'The Jelly Jackal.'"

Laughing, Al said, "I like it. The Peanut Butter Bandit, and his sidekick the Jelly Jackal."

"Wait— Sidekick?"

"Come on. Computer can drive us back to my mansion. We'll start your training."

Getting up and exiting the shop with Al, Bryce asked, "You have a mansion?"


Idol

1
"I'LL phone it in," she said.

I nodded, giving Sarah's hand another squeeze. Dragged my gaze from her tear-filled green eyes back to the strange stone objects, which formed an enormous wall from the floor to the ceiling. The cave was filled with them. And though, as far as we could tell, this planet lacked any life-forms -- living or otherwise -- the relics had obviously been carved by someone. Those inhuman faces, those alien animals -- they hadn't fashioned themselves from the seismic slabs of silver-coloured stone. And there was no way the wind had eroded them with such blatant creativity.

"We've landed on the planet," Sarah said into her Talkie. "We've discovered a cave not far from the landing site. Uh-huh. And it's filled with artifacts. Yes, artifacts. As in, intelligently designed relics. As in, evidence of another sentient race. No, we haven't made contact with aliens." She looked at me and rolled her eyes. Mission Director Antony, the man to whom she was speaking, was notorious for asking questions where the answer should've been obvious. "We're planning to load the cargo now, yes. Would you like to speak with Greg?"

I shook my head and mouthed: No.

She nodded and said quickly, "Actually, Greg is off taking a leak. Yeah, well, big findings like this would get anybody pissing themselves. Over and out."

"You keep using that excuse, Commander Abbott," I said, "and the Mission Director's gonna think I've got a problem."

Sarah laughed. "Sorry, Captain Ginsbach, but if you don't want to talk, you've gotta deal with my crap excuses." She turned back to the artifacts, hands on the shapely hips her bulky spacesuit tried to hide. "Fascinating, isn't it, Greg? We're truly not alone here."

I walked over beside her, entwined my hand with her own. "No. We're not."

She looked at me. Her eyes met mine.

We kissed. Our helmets' visors were up, so our sudden moment of passion wasn't interrupted by a loud, mood-killing clink.

Surveying the sheer number of relics, I said, "Let's get this precious cargo to the ship, then we can continue where we left off." I winked, which made Sarah smile. That smile could end all wars; that is, if we Earthlings still had wars to wage. That smile changed my world, way back when I'd first played witness to such profound beauty.

"Aye aye, Cap'n!" She pulled out her Lifter, a device which utilized anti-gravity as a method of vertical propulsion. Instead of immediately using it, however, Sarah took a few more moments to admire the stones. She took off her gloves and ran her fingers along the worked lines and grooves. "Greg, give it a feel! It's not like any stone I've ever touched!"

I came over, shook my head. "Shouldn't be doing that. Could be a hazard to your health, y'know. Alien artifacts, and all."

"Oh, come on. Live dangerously with me."

Laughing, I took off my own gloves and touched a stone that looked like a jaguar had somehow mated with a Ferrari. The goo... "Ugh..." I looked at my fingers, checking for any residue.

"Slimy-feeling, eh?"

"Yeah..." I said. "That's bizarre. Ah, well, we'll let the scientists back home solve that mystery, shall we?"

"Deal," she said.

Using our Lifters to transport the artifacts to the storage bay of our ship, we completely emptied the cave. It was utterly barren by the time we were done with it. Not a trace of alien intelligence left for future travellers of the stars to find.

Back on our bare-bones ship, we settled into our seats. The journey was a quick one to make, what with warp-drive technology, so there was no need to fashion the ship with any nonessentials. Other ships -- like the ones the soldiers lived on during their away missions -- had everything from built-in gyms to top-of-the-line movie theatres, even porn shops.

Twisting my spine left and right, I pulled out my Talkie and said, "Mission Director Antony, we're aboard the EPCS Sanders, cargo is loaded, and ready to come home. You read?"

"Captain Ginsbach," Antony's voice came crystal-clear in my earpiece, "it's good to hear your voice. I trust you relieved yourself safely?"

"I miss you, too, old bean. Ahem. Mission Director, warm us up an apple pie, 'cause we'll be back in, oh, ten minutes." I turned my Talkie off.

Sarah sneezed, not once but twice. "Oh, wow." She looked at the thick strings of mucous crisscrossing her hands like a gooey green-white spiderweb, showed me her mess.

"Ick." I tugged two tissues from the box beside and gave them to her. "Hope you're not coming down with anything," I said, watching as the nanorobots in the tissues wiped her hands clean. "Better go wash them, too. I don't want to touch what you touch and eat your weird germs."

She laughed, hitting me in the shoulder as she went off to use the sink. "Please, hon. You've eaten a lot worse from me than that."

"True," I said, considering her words. "I guess when we're hot and heavy, the part of my brain pondering potential pathogens deactivates."

"Oh, I love it when you talk dirty."

"Germy, is more like it," I said.

"Don't worry. We'll be in decontamination soon."

With Sarah sitting down again, I finished tapping our destination into the navigation unit, then threw the switch that activated the warp-drive and sent us on our merry way.

Back home. Earth.

That was Monday.


2

WE were watching our big-screen Vision the next morning, eating Martian-laid eggs and fresh fruit grown in a Venusian greenhouse. Mission Director Antony was about to deliver a speech on our findings during the mission. Sarah and I hadn't been invited -- astronauts rarely were, unless the news conference doubled as a funeral, a pay-your-respects pity party.

Now, I can't speak for Sarah, but I was feeling quite the rush. It's not everyday humanity makes a breathtaking, brand-spankin'-new discovery about life outside our own planet. Potential life, that is. But let's be honest here: Complex statues detailing alien organisms don't just make themselves. Furthermore, it's not everyday you yourself are a part of said discovery. I was elated. Feeling the buzzing energy in Sarah's hand as I held it, I think she felt the same way.

Antony stood smiling before a large crowd, cameras flashing from every direction, every other second. "Good morning, fellow Earthlings! It is March 9th, 2162, and today marks -- or, rather more accurately, yesterday marked -- an historic event in the annals of our noble species. Two brilliant explorers, two people whom I consider to be not only my employees, my star pupils, but also my friends-- Captain Greg Ginsbach and Commander Sarah Abbott, of the EPCS Sanders -- named in honour of former President Bernie Sanders, who made the old country of America great again, and helped make the world great again, too-- Those two star pupils made the discovery of a lifetime just yesterday. A discovery which came as the result of a simple hunch, a feeling. Intuition. I'm sure you've all had feelings, in your gut and in your heart, that have led to some truly spectacular conclusions when you've followed them. And I'm sure you've also had some truly spectacular failures, too. But this is not one of those failures. No. This is an outcome that is favourable. And that is putting it mildly. And 'mildly' is a very mild way of putting that! Hah!

"Since the dawn of our species, we have looked to the stars and wondered: Are we alone? Is there anyone else out there, like us, but different? We have gone to Mars with those questions in mind and have come back to Earth severely disappointed. Likewise with Venus, with Jupiter's moons, with Saturn's moons, even with our own Moon. It seemed for so long that life was only on Earth, that diversity would only be found on our land and in our seas and skies. And in our own bodies, of course! But not anymore!

"No, we have not made contact with extraterrestrials. I need to get that out of the way. No, we have not discovered the dead remains of extraterrestrials. And, no, we are not the aliens, transporting the entirety of our species from one planet to the next, to avoid our own extinction in some mass exodus, of which we have collectively forgotten. None of those.

"But we have found evidence that intelligent life -- perhaps more intelligent than our own -- either exists now, or once existed before. We have found, on a planet we've only referred to prior as 7B6-A4N1, artifacts of an alien civilization. They are statues, some larger than two of me or you stacked on top of each other, and they show a sophistication that rivals or even surpasses our own greatest works of wonder. The type of stone used, a material currently foreign to us, has been worked with such precision it seems as though only computer-guided lasers could have performed the task. Covering the stone statues is an unknown jelly-like substance, never seen before by any Earthling, scientist or otherwise.

"There is still much work to be done. We have already begun analyzing the chemical structure of this mysterious substance, but we are suspecting potential biological activity as well. We shall keep you informed in that regard. What we can say now, however, is that 7B6-A4N1 will be renamed in honour of the two astronauts responsible for this discovery. Let that planet forever be known as Ginsbach-Abbott.

"We will be having a ceremony for Captain Ginsbach and Commander Abbott this coming Sunday. That concludes my speech on this matter, and I will now answer your questions to the best of my ability, unless to answer them would, in any way, be foolish or be a breach of protocol. Thank you."

We sat amazed, jaws dropped, eyes staring at the Vision.

Sarah turned to me and asked, jokingly, "Why'd they put your name first?"

That was Tuesday.


3

THE first sign I can remember, that things weren't quite right, occurred one night when we'd gone out for dinner.

It was a fancy place. That morning, we'd received in our bank accounts a substantial reward for our successful exploration -- well beyond the agreed-upon rate, as per our yearly salary contract -- so we'd decided to hit the city and celebrate like millionaires. We were a zero shy of that mark, but what the hell. We were young, happy. Never a better time than the present, right?

The place we'd decided on was in the heart of Torottawasaga. It was called Winchesterton House on the Falls – Barre, Grille, Fine Dining and Finer Desserts. Kids weren't allowed in, babies were looked at with disdain and maybe even disgust. Wealthy Torottawasagans dined there regularly, and people from around the globe flocked there, not only for the fantastic view of the Torottawasaga Falls, but also for the sense of status going there brought.

We'd sat down to eat. This was before the usual dinner-hour rush of patrons, exactly as we'd planned. We'd eaten in peace, enjoyed ourselves very much. It was our first night out in quite a while. Neither of us was quite ready to be recognized, gushed over, made into a temporary celebrity for our great contribution to humanity.

Naturally, that's exactly what happened.

By this point, the restaurant had been filled, but these people were just getting started with their orders, so we expected to be out as soon as possible.

Our bill came, brought to us by the pretentious waiter with one arm raised over his head, carrying a dome-covered dish. He lowered the dish to the table, removed the dome, and we saw the bill, printed on treeless paper made from some kind of rock found on Mercury. "Your bill, Madame and Monsieur. Would you like to pay with cash or the finest of... credit cards." He tweaked his waxed moustache with white-gloved hands.

I looked at the bill. "Five hundred and sixty-two bucks? All we had were a steak and a chicken breast, with some sodas."

"Oui, oui, Monsieur. But that soda was all-organic and gluten-free. The carbon dioxide was made from scratch by our finest in-house chemists, with the carbon shipped in from Neptune, and the oxygen from Mars. The steak came from a free-range cow, slaughtered in middle age, raised on grass in a fifteen-kilometre-square, indoor enclosure on Titan. The chicken, also free-range, but in the exotic jungles of Texaco, fed with a plethora of insects, fruits, vegetables, grains... As you can imagine, Monsieur, the dollars begin to build!" The waiter emphasized this speech with a rubbing of thumb and forefinger, all while grinning like a lunatic under that damn waxed moustache of his.

"So..." I said, shaking my head, looking at the bill again, hoping it had shed a zero. "How much to tip?" I asked, mentally calculating it. Believe it or not, math was never my strong suit. Nor Sarah's. "Or is it considered an insult to tip here?" I added, dearly hoping it was.

"Oh, of course you must tip, Monsieur! How could I live--"

"Eighty-four dollars and thirty cents," Sarah suddenly chimed in, eyes wide, as if she couldn't believe she'd worked out the answer that quickly. "But if you're using the more-universal tip amount of twenty percent, then it'd be one hundred and twelve dollars and forty cents."

"How'd you figure that out, Sarah?" I asked her, disbelievingly, taking out my phone and unrolling it onto the table. "You were always worse at math than me..." In my calculator app, I worked the numbers. And there it was. "You're... right..." Looking up at her, she was shaking her head from side to side. "How'd you know? Got your phone in your lap?"

"I don't know, Greg... I really don't know!" She sounded excited. "It just... came to me."

The waiter had apparently left the table, as I saw him come gliding back, rousing the rest of the patrons in the restaurant. "Madame here is a genius with the mathematics, Mesdames and Messieurs! Ask her some questions!"

"What's a million times a million?" someone asked.

"That's too easy!" another said. "What's the square root of fifty-six thousand three hundred and twenty-four?"

Immediately, Sarah said: "Two-thirty-seven point three-two-six-seven-seven-eight-nine-three-five-seven-one-one-three."

"Is she right?"

"I dunno."

"It sounds like it could be right."

"Hey!" one man shouted. "I recognize her! She's that astronaut who discovered the aliens!"

"They were rocks," his wife corrected.

"No--" Another person. "--they were statues."

"Go on, Madame," the waiter said, "perform some more tricks for us!"

Sarah looked at me. I could see in her eyes she wanted me, begged me, to get her out of there. To remove her of all that unwanted, unneeded attention. She'd always been a fairly private person, never seeking stardom unless one was referring to literal stars, blinking in the night sky, oh so far away.

I scribbled down one-fifteen for the tip, wrote my credit-card number, scratched out my signature, handed the bill to the smiling waiter. "We're leaving," I said, standing up. "Come on, Sarah."

"Wait! He's the other astronaut! Hey, buddy, are you a wizard at math, too!?"

"What's a billion times a billion?"

"I don't know..." Grabbing Sarah, drawing her close with my arm around her shoulder, we broke through the crowd and hurried out of the restaurant to our car. I hit the button for Home. We rose into the air and got the hell out of there.

That was Wednesday.


4

SARAH'S newfound powers with mathematics were only the beginning.

We'd gone to sleep Wednesday night after having a serious talk. She'd explained to me once again how she didn't know where the answers had come from, didn't know why they'd come so easily, how at first it'd been exciting for her, how afterward it'd made her afraid. She'd told me that, for a moment -- while the crowd was rooting her on, while she looked at me looking at them -- she couldn't remember who I was. It scared her a hell of a lot. But after that, when I'd given the waiter the bill, ushered her along, said her name -- she'd suddenly remembered me. That scared her, too.

That was quite the conversation to have with your girlfriend of seven years. I was worried about her, and I didn't want to worry her any more than she already was, so I worried to myself. Kept it inside.

We'd gone to sleep as we always did, spooning one another. We'd woken up to a new day, except both our phones' emergency alarms were blaring in concert like a rock show.

I started to joke, "Who wants to answer th--"

But Sarah had already said, "Hello?"

My phone went silent.

"Yes, this is her."

"Who is it?" I asked. "The Mission Director?"

Sarah shot me a glare and turned away, like she didn't want me intruding on her call. Seemed kinda weird, but I didn't think much of it at the time. Maybe it was private, about her womanly cycles, or something like that. I shrugged and got up. My stomach growled, and I didn't think I was getting back to sleep, so I figured I'd go make breakfast.

By the time I was nearly finished cooking the bacon, Sarah came out, done with her phone call. "What was that about?" She shot me another dark look. I noticed she was fully dressed. "Where you off to, hon?"

She left without saying anything.

I turned off the fryer and went after her, bellowing into the hall, "Sarah! What's up!"

But she just kept walking.

Sighing, I headed back inside. Went to our room and found my phone. I checked the notifications and saw a missed alert from the Mission Director. Redialed him. He picked up immediately.

"Greg, is that you?"

"Yeah, it's me," I said. "Hey, what did you tell Sar--"

"Greg, we've got bad news. Listen, I need you to come in for testing. Are you with Sarah?"

"No. Mark, what the hell did you tell her? Testing? She stormed out without even saying a word to me. I thought I'd done something to deserve those icy stares she gave me on the way out."

"You're not with her?"

"No, Mark, I'm not with her. I asked her what was up, but she left without even saying goodbye."

"Okay, okay. Greg, come down here, please. We need to test you both right away. To sum it up: Those statues you two found were coated with a pathogen. We need your blood to see if you've been affected, and if you have, whether we can create a vaccine."

"Vaccine?" I asked. "Wait, Mark, what the hell does this pathogen do?"

"We don't know yet. We have theories. Greg, come down here right away."

"Okay, I'll be down soon. Just need to get some pants on."

We disconnected, and I was left with many questions bouncing around my brain. Pathogen? Was that the reason for Sarah's recent behaviour? If so, why wasn't I exhibiting any symptoms?

Or was I?

I pulled a strip of bacon from the quickly congealing grease, bit a chunk off and held the rest between my teeth. Threw on some pants, phone rolled-up in my pocket. Double-fisted the rest of the bacon and headed downstairs, out the door to Mission Control. Ate on the way.

The lab was in the eastern wing, past the lobby and the smiling receptionist who nodded to me as I strode past her.

"Sarah's already in!" she said happily.

I didn't stop to say thanks. Just kept walking. When I entered the lab, Sarah's needle was being removed from her vein, full of her dark red blood. She looked at me -- through me would be a better way of saying it -- but she said nothing, didn't smile.

Mission Director Mark Antony came out to greet me. He was a short man, looked shorter in person than he did on the Vision. But he looked young and fit for his forty-something years. "Greg! Come along. Sarah's done." He whispered to me as we went off to a separate room, "She seems aloof. How are you feeling?"

"I feel fine," I said, sitting down in the chair, beside where the lab technician was waiting with his equipment. "Other than Sarah giving me the evil eye."

"I noticed that, too," he said, nodding, watching the lab tech poke me. "She seems strictly business, whereas you know how she normally is with me, joking around, sarcasm."

"And with me, too. She hasn't said a word to me. You know what? She's not even giving me the evil eye, come to think of it. She's looking at me like she doesn't know who I am..." I recalled our talk last night, about how she felt for a mere moment at the restaurant.

The lab tech told me to press a cotton swab to my vein.

"There was something on the Vision this morning," Antony said, pacing the room.

"Oh?"

"It was about you two last night, at the restaurant. Apparently you both drew a little bit of a crowd?"

"Yeah," I said, "Sarah surprised everyone with her sudden, on-the-spot, advanced math skills."

"Where'd that come from?"

"I dunno, but she told me after, when we were at home, that for a moment she'd forgotten who I was. Now you tell me those statues have a pathogen on them-- By the way, I'm guessing it was in that jelly shit covering the stones?"

"Right," he said. "And to be clear, you aren't feeling any changes?"

"No. I feel fine."

Antony saw me out, told me he'd contact me if they found anything. I looked for Sarah, thought for sure she'd wait for me and all would be well, that she'd tell me she was just really nervous, stressed out, or maybe that she'd temporarily forgotten me again. But she was nowhere to be found.

I walked home a lonely man, wondering what had happened to Sarah Abbott, the love of my life.

That was Thursday.


5

THE next morning, I woke alone in my big bed. Sarah nowhere to be found. I guess I'd sort of been expecting her to return home at some point in the night. But she hadn't. I tried calling her phone a few times, but she didn't pick up. I worried about her. I worried about me, too. It'd been a long, long time since I'd been alone, lonely. Sarah had always been by my side. We did everything together. There were no secrets between us. She didn't even mind if I saw her pushing out a monster on the toilet.

This new sense of secrecy, this sudden separation: It was all very jarring to me. It was like waking up one day and finding you no longer have a heartbeat. It's been there with you for so long, maybe you begin to take it for granted, you forget the appreciation you originally felt upon hearing it, that sense of satisfaction in knowing you were alive, could feel the pounding drums of life itself. And then it's gone. And now you feel so empty, so cold and dead inside. But yet you still live. Moving through the motions. But not feeling them.

Or maybe I was overreacting.

I tried calling Sarah again. Again, she didn't answer.

Doing the only thing I could think of doing, I made myself some breakfast. More meat, more bacon. The saltiness, the fat, the protein. It warmed my spirit, even if just slightly. I turned on the Vision, hoping for a distraction.

There she was.

Live from Centre Square, it was a news story on a "Fantastic Astronaut Woman Wowing Audience With Special Abilities," and it was Sarah at the head of the crowd of people. She had her hand raised, and floating before her, spinning in slow circles, was a car. With a wave of her hand, the car drifted lazily through the air and rested on its wheels, between two cars that flanked it front and back. Not a scratch on it, or a screech of metal-on-metal. It was perfect. Her captivated audience clapped and cheered.

The reporter, a wide-eyed young woman, expressed her own fascination with an out-of-character, off-the-cuff "Holy hell!" She looked at the camera, her hand covering her mouth as she recognized her error. "Sorry, folks, but I've just been blown away by this woman. For those of you only joining us now: Sarah Abbott is her name, and if that name sounds familiar, well, it should. Commander Abbott made a name for herself earlier this week, when she and her Captain discovered stone-carved alien idols on a planet outside of our own Sol System. And here she is again, but for a completely different reason: Abbott seems to have developed what are, for lack of a better term, superpowers. Metahuman abilities."

There was a murmur from the throng of people.

The reporter spun around, saying, "Look, here she goes again!"

Sarah had taken to levitating her own body, now. She raised and lowered herself, then went around the crowd in concentric circles, picking up speed with every lap until she was a blur to the eye. Then she stopped like a bullet and was back on the ground again. Someone threw a vintage coin at her, maybe hoping to catch her off guard. No dice. She stopped the coin with her hand, making it into a fist. The coin twisted in on itself, folding into a triangle. And then it melted to a single drop of metallic liquid, went plop to the pavement. Someone scraped the now-solidified tear-drop-shaped hunk of metal from the pavement and held it up for everyone to see. They went "Oooh!" and "Aaaah!"

The cameraman and reporter had rushed forwards during this event. The reporter was still babbling about how brilliant and exciting this was.

I was stunned, naturally. And I felt like I had to go see Sarah. Ask her what was going on. Why she hadn't come home last night.

I got dressed and raced off to Centre Square, hoping maybe the crowd had thinned a little. If anything, it had thickened. Pushing through, I attempted to get closer to Sarah. She wore a plain grey robe, like she was auditioning for the ascetic life amongst the New Church of Buddha monks on Pluto. She was using her mind to bend trees into shapes, as if they were rubber.

"Sarah!" I yelled. "Hey, Sarah!"

"Shut the hell up, man!" the guy ahead of me said, then turned around to shove me backwards.

I fell into someone behind me, who gave me a hard push forward. "The fuck, buddy!"

"Yeah, get him, Jamie!" his female compatriot said.

I ducked to avoid a flying fist from the guy in front. It landed on Jamie's jaw. A scuffle broke out between the two, with the girl hooting and hollering for her man.

Using the distraction to my advantage, I pushed through the rest of the crowd, getting closer to Sarah. Her back was to me now. "Sarah," I said. She didn't turn, or look, or answer. Reaching out, I grabbed her shoulder. First mistake: assuming my touch was welcome.

She quickly turned and gave me that chilling look I'd grown used to. I found myself being propelled backwards by forces unseen. I landed on the ground, skidding my butt on the pavement, feeling stones poking my now-skinned cheeks. People laughed.

"Sarah? It's me. Greg." Second mistake: assuming my name meant anything to her.

No recognition in her eyes, on her face, not even a flicker. Just a blank stare that pained me in my heart of hearts and soul of souls.

"Sarah," I said more forcefully. "Where were you yesterday? And last night? Why didn't you come home?"

Nothing. People gathered closer so they could witness this pitiful exchange.

"Sarah, I love you, hon. What's happening to you?"

I thought I saw something change in her eyes, just for a second. A softening of her hard, cold, emotionless exterior. But then it was gone.

"Do you know this guy?" someone asked.

She turned to them, cocked her head. Looked at me and said, "No, we do not."

The group picked me up, carried me crying out of Centre Square, and dumped me flat on my already-sore ass.

That was Friday.


6

i

I woke up and bathed. The water, stinging at first, soothed my wounds. I'd slept very little, having spent most of the night getting drunk and crying, so the warm, relaxing water made me drowsy. I got out before I fell asleep and drowned, or something equally tragic. Not like it would've made any difference. Not like I had much worth living for.

Saw my face in the foggy mirror while getting dressed. Dark shadows in the hollows of my eyes. My complexion was paler than usual, sickly. I badly needed a shave, seeing a touch of grey in my beard that hadn't been there before. But I didn't bother shaving. It felt comforting to have that extra layer covering my face. And I just didn't see the point in making that kind of effort.

I ordered pizza for breakfast and ate listlessly in front of the Vision, hoping for something, anything to keep my attention occupied. Not letting it wander back to my own life, my own problems. Still I cried. Sobbed with tomato sauce dripping down my stubbled chin. Wept with pepperoni, pineapple and bits of ham in my mouth.

Thought of getting a pet, maybe a dog or a cat -- but then I realized I'd probably be too lazy, too depressed to care for it. They'd probably find it three-weeks dead when they found me at week two. I had enough empathy still left in me to know an animal was better off with someone else. Not me.

Even thought of getting one of those robo-pets. Didn't need to feed them, didn't even need to give 'em a place to crap or piss. They had no dietary needs, nor hygienic. They did, however, require some level of love. Of attention. Head-pats, rub-downs. And I didn't know if I was in the right place to give even that. Maybe it was the loneliness fooling my brain? Maybe if I got myself a robo-cat, I'd find myself ignoring it after the first day. It would whine for me, but I would be too invested in my own selfish depression to even care. Then Robo-Pets 'R' Us would come breaking in my door and find me in my brown- and yellow-stained undies, with the robo-cat lying dead on the floor, its batteries scattered beside. Maybe.

I checked my phone almost constantly. Fired messages to Sarah nearly as often. They went unanswered. Not even looked at. I called her. No response. I thought about buying a gun and shooting myself with it, but then I remembered I was too lazy to leave the house.

At my most maddening moment of misery, I heard the ding of my phone. It was rolled-up and lying on the floor, a place it'd gone after I'd thrown it in anger. I'd gone from sadness to anger, and now back to sadness. And then that ding gave me hope.

Trying to downplay it, I lurched over to grab it, thinking it was probably just spam about banging made-up chicks on Luna; or a made-up prince from Titan, who'd gotten lost in a cave and was assumed dead, and so his parents had selected me to be his heir, that all I had to do was give them my bank info and open their dodgy-looking link, so as to allow their virus to install itself on my hard drive.

When I saw a message from Sarah, I nearly went to my knees and wept. All that'd stopped me from doing that -- and from praying to some random, archaic god and thanking them for helping me get back my one true love -- were Sarah's word choices.

Sare-Bear: Sarah would like to talk with you. She thinks it is important but we do not see why. She says to meet at 'the spot' in one hour. She says you know where that is.

'She.' 'We.'

What the hell was with that? Was somebody with her? Or was that alien-goo crap doing more than giving her powers? Infecting her mind? I seemed to recall, the few times I'd heard her speak as of late, she'd used those same disconnected pronouns.

I washed the dried pizza off my face, brushed my hair, got my electric-razor bot to give me a trim. Looking better and feeling better, I left for 'the spot,' which I could only assume was meant to be our special spot, the place where we'd had our first date.


ii

IT was a coffee shop by the name of Grant's Great Cups. Little-known, and set out of the way of the hustle and bustle of city-goers. I walked in and saw Sarah sitting in what we always saw as "our booth." She had traded in the spartan grey bathrobe for a drab grey tracksuit.

Cautiously, I went over and sat down across from her. There was a twinkle in her eyes reminding me of the Sarah of old, like she'd thought of a very funny joke. But it faded quickly.

"Hi," I said.

"Hello," she -- they -- said in that monotone so unlike Sarah's normal voice.

"So, what did you want to talk about?"

"Sarah is struggling."

"Just let it out."

"We can not. There are some parts of Sarah's mind inaccessible to us. It is... strange."

"So... what? You want me to do the talking? Fine," I said, not waiting for a response. "Sarah, if you can hear me, if you're in there, Sarah. Sarah, we've been together for a long time, hon. We've had ups and downs, like any couple, but mostly ups. We've explored a whole other planet together. And that planet has been poison to us. You've changed, honey, and it's killing me. It's not even you on the surface, is it? You're far, far back there. In that mind. Will you ever be back? Will I ever get to talk to you, to hearyou laugh? Not this emotionless, borderline-robotic alien consciousness that's invaded your body and mind?"

Her face was impassive. Her smooth, wrinkle-free skin, though normally evidence of her great beauty, was now evidence of her alien occupation. She looked like a doll, or one of those androids we'd had before they'd turned against us and we'd shut them all down.

"Where is Sarah? Eh? I want to talk to Sarah. Will I ever?" I blinked away the tears in my eyes, felt them roll slowly down my cheeks. "We talked about getting married, Sarah. Sarah! Do you remember that? Do you remember how we talked about having kids? Do you remember what we said we'd name them? Aaron for a boy. Shelby for a girl. We... We said if we had two boys, we'd name the other David. A-And the second girl would be Evelynn. We joked about giving them up for adoption if they turned out to be ginger."

I found myself kneeling on the floor now, beside Sarah's seat, looking up into her eyes, searching them for some semblance of the woman I loved. She looked down at me, not responding, but I swear there was something in there, some part of her that had gone uninfected, some part of her struggling to break free of the chains imposed on her by the entity.

Grabbing her hand, I continued: "You remember when we first came here. I was so nervous. You looked at me... The way you looked at me. It made me nervous but confident at the same time. It was because of how beautiful you were. Are. And it was because of how you looked at me. You saw me. The real me. Underneath the anxiety, the few remaining pimples I still had left. Rid of all that junk that makes us play a part instead of being ourselves. Your eyes said you could see right through that nervousness, right down to who I was. And you liked it. And that's why we went on a second date. You remember that? Oh god. I-- I miss that, Sarah. I miss you. The bed isn't the same without you. I miss waking up to you. I miss hearing your groggy voice, first thing in the morning. I miss your kiss on my cheek. I miss holding you. Knowing you're there. Holding your hand. I miss dreaming with you. Planning. Laughing. I miss you."

People were staring now. Seeing sad little me, weeping hysterically, crying tears all over the floor and the hand I held close to my heart. The woman with the eyes. The eyes not caring. Waiting for a response. Any response.

"We can not have children," she -- it -- finally said. "It is not logical. Not with one of you. You must go away from here. Do not talk to Sarah. It does you more pain than is good for you. Go now. We do not like the way your eyes redden when you bleed from them."

She shook her hand from my grasp. Went back to staring at the vacant seat before her.

People got back to their own lives. Ignoring me. Feeling no pity for my promises no more. No sorrow for my situation. Only harshness for my heart torn asunder.


iii

WE can not have children. Not with one of you.

You.

Though I doubted giving me hope had been their intent -- when they said that, I had been made hopeful. I took it as a sign. The way I was then, I'd've taken bathroom-stall graffiti as a sign, if it had the right words amidst the crudely drawn genitalia. Those words, to me, were like God's own gracing my ears.

So my madness-tainted, lovesick mind conjured up a plan. It sounds ridiculous to me now, but then... Then, it had sounded like the most brilliant plan of all.

I went from the coffee shop directly to Mission Control. A man with a plan. Smiled and said hello to the secretary. Marched off to the lab. It was dead in there. I saw one tech roaming back and forth from the bathroom to his workstation off to the left. Must've eaten something disagreeable. Given my history with the lab, I knew where everything was, I knew when the place had less traffic.

Timing things right, I snuck into the room where the fridges and freezers were kept. I felt the chill on my arms. Didn't let it stop me. I opened the fridge and looked for Abbott, Sarah. There she was. A-positive. I removed her bag of blood, seeing the thick red syrup slosh around inside. Went over and found a needle.

My heart was racing. I wanted this so badly: to be with Sarah, as one of them. For some reason, I hadn't been infected like her. That was obvious. So maybe if I took some of her infected blood into me, my own body and mind would be hijacked as hers was. Maybe my own antibodies would be overpowered, deactivated, or whatever.

That was my line of thinking. I understand it sounds crazy. Risky. Downright stupid.

I found a vein and pierced it with the blood-filled syringe. It was like popping a balloon with a pin. Hit the plunger. Saw the red disappear.

Felt fine. Smiled, even. At first, anyway. Then the chills came on, a shiver up my spine, in my bones. My arm was hot, so hot, and my heart raced faster than it did before the injection. I cried out, unintentionally, and sat down as if by reflex. Reached for support. There was a pain in my chest, and I feared I might have a heart attack. Dizziness came on quickly, even while sitting down. I remember blackness enclosing my vision, bumbling around as I attempted to lay myself supine, knocking something over, making noise.

And before everything went totally black, before the uncontrollable shivers overtook me, I remember seeing the lab tech come rushing in, saying something I couldn't hear.

That was Saturday.


7

THIS is Sunday.

Here I lie, in a hospital bed. The doctors say they saved my life. Say the real hero was the quick-thinking lab tech, who fought against his own discomfort and diarrhea to help me. I suppose I should thank them all. But I'm still without Sarah. They've attempted to contact her. But she probably won't come. She's with them now. The aliens. The entities. I've failed. Her, me, our unborn children. Aaron, David, Shelby and Evelynn -- they'll merely be unmade memories of the future, forgotten by all but me.

I've taken the liberty in recording my thoughts on this whole fiasco, from when I feel the story began to when I feel it ends. It hasn't ended yet. But soon. Very soon.

Of course, I could have started with my own birth, told you all about my plain education and my boring upbringing, about university, bullies, girls I had crushes on before I'd met Sarah Abbott. Our relationship prior to our mission to the planet now known as Ginsbach-Abbott. But I didn't feel it was necessary, and my time left on this Earth is short. Admittedly, of my own volition. I choose to die.

Thanks to these nifty assisted-suicide laws, I can die whenever I damn well please, and there's not a goddamn thing those doctors can do about it. Just gotta hit the little button here that delivers an overdose of morphine... Naturally, they intended these laws to be used by the terminally ill, the elderly so far-gone they barely resemble a shell of who they used to be... But that's the beauty of freedom, true freedom. We've all got wings, we just need to choose to use them.

I've grown tired of my own weary voice. Thank you for listening to me, and I hope you find something in my tragedy from which to learn. I think my time here is done. I've said all that needs to be said. Find love and cherish it with all your heart. Don't let it slip away from you. Grip it 'til it hurts.

I'm off to another place now. I only hope Sarah Abbott, the love of my life, mother of our unborn children, will find her way to me some day. I only hope I don't have to wait too long.

Goodbye.


-

SARAH felt much better now. For a while she hadn't felt quite like herself. There was a sort of... fog to her thoughts, feelings, memories. And now it was as though she'd pushed through, the fog had lifted, cleared.

Rushing through crowded streets, she was on her way to the hospital. Greg was there -- he'd hurt himself. She thought seeing that message was the catalyst that'd allowed her to breach the fortress created in a small corner of her own mind, where she'd been imprisoned by the entities.

Racing breathlessly through the automatic doors, huffing, puffing, she said to the receptionist: "Ginsbach. Greg."

The receptionist, an older lady with the vintage kind of glasses that could dangle from your neck on a string, examined her with puckered lips. "He's in room eleven on the seventh floor."

Sarah made for the elevator, hitting the button.

"But wait!" the receptionist shouted, stopping her. "He's just passed, I'm afraid."

She gave the receptionist an incredulous look, her eyes spilling the tears that'd been welling since she'd first seen the message. Ignoring the barrage of shouts to come back, Sarah continued into the elevator and prodded the seventh-floor button with such fury she broke a nail. She swore a few times, her sudden sobs echoing in the confines of that elevator, hitting her ears in a way that punctuated the pain. Made it worse than before, seemed to prove its existence.

When she saw her floor coming up, she quickly picked herself up, forced herself to get control of herself, wiped her eyes, sniffed. The doors opened and, tremulously, she stepped out into the clinical, white-walled hall. She found the room easily. The door was open. A nurse was staring at the body.

"I'm too late, then," Sarah said, and her voice gave the nurse a scare.

Hand to her heart, the nurse said, "Oh, I'm sorry, honey. He gave himself the morphine."

Nodding, Sarah slowly went to Greg's side. He looked so peaceful. And too pale. At least the morphine had made his last moments enjoyable. She only wished she could have arrived sooner. Stopped him from this madness. She only wished she'd never touched that idol. Avoided this whole catastrophe. Still have Greg. Still feel a reason to exist.

She found herself sobbing again, quietly this time. Her hand covered her eyes, embarrassed to show her tears to the nurse. The nurse rubbed her shoulder, squeezed. "W-We were going to get m-married and... and have kids!" She cursed herself for her outburst.

"There, there. It's okay, sweetie. I know it hurts. But he obviously loved you a great deal. He was holding this. You're Sarah, I take it? It has your name on it." She held out a recording device.

Sarah took it. The display said: FOR SARAH, WITH ALL MY LOVE. Some red hearts fluttered around on the screen. "Oh, Greg."

She kissed his forehead, brushed his hair back from his forehead, said goodbye, said she would see him one day.

And left.

She would listen to his recording at the park, with all that life surrounding her.

And after, she thought, I'll buy a tree for you. And plant it. Next to the river we used to walk to. Where we'd talk about our dreams, what we'd do, and who our children would be.


Glory to Wilwoxxia

1
FINALLY. The limp-dicked prick was gone. Now she could fuck a real man.
Sheila Styles watched Harry's sleek and sexy Wilwoxx Windrunner link onto the highway rails, join all the other Wilwoxx-manufactured vehicles and shoot off at a speed of one hundred miles-per-hour.
Harry couldn't get it up. He hadn't been able to get it up for eleven years now. She kept telling him to get an augment inserted into the shaft, and maybe then he could fuck her like a man was supposed to—but Harry wasn't the type of guy to get corrective surgery on his dong. He'd always make up some excuse about how he didn't want nanorobots controlling his sex-drive. She'd always think—but never say—that his sex-drive could use all the help it could get. Instead, she'd smile and nod. Just smile and nod. That was what every good marriage was built upon, after all.
So Sheila started fucking someone who could get it up... and what Harry didn't know couldn't hurt him. She only hoped that Harry wouldn't ever find out, because it tends to be bad for the family business when you find out your wife is fucking your brother.
She made her way through the apartment suite that had been paid for with Harry's cushy government job at the Wilwoxx Corporation. Past a big-screen television showing two androids fellating one another while a big fat guy swung a bat to their heads, making red oil run and silicone skin-substitute slough off. Past Harry's trophies he'd made from the skulls of the homeless—hunting hobos was a favourite pastime for the wealthy Wilwoxxians.
Sheila stopped at the flag of Wilwoxxia, which depicted a black boot stomping red ants with six alternating red-and-black stripes in the background. She looked into the camera, located in the centre of the boot, and raised a hand to her forehead in a salute. This was required, as to not salute the flag meant you didn't support the Wilwoxx Corporation—and they had a special game show for those types of people. It was called Treasons To Kill and new episodes were shown every day at 12:30 on the nation's only channel, WTV.
She went into the bedroom she shared with Harry and sat in the reclining chair. The headset was on the desk, so she put it on and logged into FaceSpace. 
Through the headset's goggles, she saw that she was at a virtual party of drugs and debauchery. There was Jerri-Lynn—from Wilwoxx Living School—licking Antichrist off Ricki's tits. That would be a spectacle to see... and maybe even join in on. Wishing she had more time to fuck around, Sheila found the room her and Derek always used whenever they had their virtual fun and knocked on the door. 
Derek opened the door. "Sheila. I was wondering when you'd show up." He let her in and she saw all the toys on the table. Whips, chains, Antichrist, even a sex-bot to plough her from behind while she sucked Derek off.
"Sorry, D. Mr. Limp was having trouble finding his red-and-black tie for Wilwoxx Day." Mr. Limp was what they called Harry behind his back.
Derek laughed. "Sounds like Mr. Limp needs to keep his wife on a tighter leash."
"Fuck me, Derek. I burned the tie yesterday because I wanted to see him squirm this morning. Is that evil?"
Derek shook his head and pulled Sheila close to him. "No, it's not evil. What's evil is screwing my sister-in-law on FaceSpace while her husband works in the next office over."
"I only wish I was your actual sister." She bit his lip, pushed him away and proceeded to rip her virtual clothes off. "Now fuck me the way Harry can't."
Her hands and feet were chained to the bedposts. Derek stripped and slid underneath her, entering her from below. He then ordered the sex-bot to get to work on her rear.
As her back arched and her toes wiggled—it all felt so good—Sheila even ended up moaning in the real-world.

2
"DISGUSTING!"
Marty Jankowski wrenched off his headset and tossed it over onto the sleeping bag. Harry Styles had hired him to hack into his wife Sheila's FaceSpace and spy on her. Harry had suspected she was having an affair—but he would never expect it to be with his own brother.
Marty had been a hacker for most of his life. It wasn't the safest line of work—despite the fact that he stayed inside much of his life—seeing as how hacking was illegal, but it was what he was good at... really damn good, actually. He'd first been turned-on to the joys of hacking after Dad had found a way to dupe the camera in the nation's flag to play a series of looped recordings of the family stopping to salute—wearing different outfits on different days so they could walk through their shitty little apartment without saluting the flag every two minutes. Dad had been a huge influence on him. Taught him everything he knew.
Gathering up all the empty cans of Wilwoxx Wonder-Juice from his desk, Marty stood and took them five feet to his Wilwoxx Waste-Eater unit—passing his own duped watch-flag; though his he'd defaced with all sorts of vile words and phrases—and dumped them in, one by one. The machine ate the cans up and shot them down to some underground facility, where they were made into android parts. Or so the rumours went.
He traversed through his puny apartment—another three feet—from the Waste-Eater to the Wilwoxx Wire embedded into the wall, tapped Harry's name and waited for him to pick up. Waiting. Still waiting. The automated message chimed in. Marty tapped the disconnect button. "I'll try again later. Or maybe boss will call me when he sees his missed calls. Yeah... He'll be practically creaming his pants when he realizes I called."
With the droning groan of his stomach, Marty decided it was time for breakfast. He took two steps to his kitchen—or what passed for his kitchen, anyway—and pulled out some Wilwoxx Water-'N'-Eat foodlike substance. It tasted like rubbery shit, but it was supposed to be very nutritious. "A whole day's worth of vitamins!"—or some shit like that. Removed a grey biscuit from the package. Covered it in water from the tap. Watched the biscuit swell up like a sponge. He took a bite out of it and forced himself to chew it to a thick, pasty mulch. Swallowed.
"Blech." Marty wiped his mouth, grimacing in disgust, and licked his hand in a desperate attempt to get the awful taste off his tongue. "They really need to add some strawberry flavour to this crap or something!" He took his biscuit with him to the handheld TV he'd duct-taped to the wall above his sleeping bag. Turned the TV to the only station—WTV—and ate his Wilwoxx Corporation satisfaction-guaranteed breakfast-of-champions, while he watched two midgets get their heads cleaved as the studio audience went wild.

3
THE Wilwoxx Windrunner—black and red: the nation's colours; like every other car—veered off the highway and snaked around to a towering government building. Wilwoxx Corporation HQ. The rail system brought the car into the parking lot and into the space marked: Harry Styles, Director of Game Show Opportunities, Research and Development.
A real mouthful, Harry thought, hating the picture they'd taken of him to attach to that bloated title he'd been given. Basically, what he had to do was come up with the sickest and most ridiculous ideas for a new show—say, once every blue moon—and then get his secretary to type up the pitch, which he'd then send off to the head of Wilwoxx Corp., Mr. Greg Laarsen, for approval. 
Most of Harry's ideas were approved. WTV was always looking for new game shows, and there appeared to be no limit to their bloodlust. There was one idea that had been denied... Years ago, he'd pitched a show about stranded Wilwoxxians, watching them start a new society as new problems were introduced. The idea was denied because Laarsen said there wasn't enough potential for gore, and the killing wouldn't start fast enough. People didn't turn savage quickly enough for him.
Harry opened the door and got out of the Windrunner, briefcase in hand. He made sure his coat was buttoned up—he wasn't wearing his red-and-black tie for Wilwoxx Day, seeing as how the damned thing had mysteriously gone missing; he suspected Sheila had something to do with it—and walked over to the Tube. He looked into the ocular scanner. Positive reading. The doors opened. He stepped inside. Hit the big fat button marked 65. The doors closed and the Tube soared up, whipping to the highest floor—well, second-highest—and giving Harry a glorious view of the megacity. 
Billboards shuffled through advertisements proclaiming the glory of Wilwoxx. People ambled along through the streets like ants. Wilwoxx vehicles whooshed across the branching rail systems, operated not by humans but by sophisticated computers. A heavy layer of black smog polluted the atmosphere, making the commoners susceptible to all sorts of bodily horrors. All they needed was the Wilwoxx-approved panacea: Wonder-Juice—available for only a buck at any reputable business. Oh, but the commoners were too busy getting wired on Antichrist, blowing all their hard-earned slave wages on crap designed to rot their minds. Stupid people.
What was worse was what lay beyond the megacity. Post-war ruins. Ravaged landscapes. A barren, scorched Earth. The commoners weren't allowed out and the rich didn't ever want to leave. All that they had was here. In this doomed city of the damned.
The Tube doors opened, and Harry was removed from his thoughts as the building's AI greeted him. It was female and had been dubbed Amrita. From the Sanskrit for immortality.
"Welcome, Harry Styles. Pleasure to see you on this fine day. Glory to Wilwoxxia. And enjoy your Wilwoxx Day."
"Morning, Amrita. Glory to Wilwoxxia." He checked his coat once more, exited the elevator and went down the windowed hall to where his office was. It was beside his brother's, so before entering he decided he'd see if Derek had a spare tie. He knocked. Heard some shuffling, scuffling, and the door opened. Derek—Director of Programming and Social Advancement—stood there, smiling in that lackadaisical way of his.
"Hey, Hare. Wuddya need?"
"Derek, you got an extra tie? Mine went missing."
"Sure, bro. Give me a second. I always keep a spare handy. Just in case." Derek winked, then left the door open as he went back to his desk and dug through the drawers. He found a tie and draped it over his arm as he walked back to where Harry stood. "Good thing it's there, Hare. Or else you'd be down at the bottom of Lake Weird by the end of the day, eh?"
Harry took the tie from Derek and quickly put it on. "Yeah, yeah. I'll have to purchase a whole set and keep them tucked away somewhere safe. Thanks, Derek."
"No problem, Hare. That's what big brothers are for." Smiled that lazy smile again.Harry nodded and waved, saying something about grabbing lunch together. He headed back to his office feeling noticeably better. Set his hand on the print reader. The door opened for him and he went inside. He set his briefcase down on the desk and saw a blinking red light on the Wire. Marty, maybe? He hit a few buttons and brought up the list of missed calls. Sure enough, M. Jankowski had called just five minutes ago. He tapped the name of his hired hacker and the Wire began the call. Marty picked up within seconds.
"Marty? So... You find anything? Really... That's— That's... I don't know what to say. Can you meet me at the Southside Diner in, say, fifteen? I'll see you there, Marty. Thanks for your services. Bye."
Harry found himself shaking as he ended the call. Sheila? Derek? How could they... betray him like that? Sure, he couldn't get hot and heavy like he used to, but was that really worth throwing away—what he thought was—a happy marriage? He wiped sweat from his forehead and tears from his eyes. Found himself slumped in the chair behind his desk, his breathing erratic, his heart racing. Thankfully, his augment kicked in and steadied his heartbeat before things really spiralled out of control.
Once he found the words, he'd have a talk with his brother... and his wife, for that matter. For now, though, it was time to meet with Marty and give him his deserved payment. And to get some air.
A push of the intercom on the desk. "Evalynn?"
"Yes, Mr. Styles."
"Keep track of any and all calls. I'm heading out."
"Certainly, Mr. Styles. I will have all your calls clearly labelled for you when you return."
"Thank you, Evalynn."
"I live to serve you, Mr. Styles."
Could always count on androids to get the job done right. Harry left his office and went back down the Tube. Found his car. Entered in his location: Southside Diner. And the Windrunner took him away.

4
"CAN I see ya again?" the old man with the grizzled beard asked.
Kimmy Threedot shrugged, fanning the wad of cash with one hand and pulling up her stockings with the other. "If it is your desire, feel free to call on me."
The old man grinned. He tugged up his pants and threw on his shirt. He made to kiss Kimmy on the cheek, but she stopped him with her silky-smooth hand.
"Ah-bup-bup!" She smiled and shook her head, sending her straight, almost-too-perfect white-blonde hair flowing. "Kisses are not allowed, Vernon. You know the rules."
"I'm sorry, Kimmy," Vernon grovelled, down on his knees with his head at her feet. He tried to kiss them, too, but she backed away. "Can't I kiss those feet before I go? Please?"
"No, Vernon. You know what the beard does to my skin."
He suddenly stood up and looked at her through slitted eyes. "Skin? You ain't got skin! Yer a stinkin' robot!"
Kimmy turned from him, wiping away a tear of saline solution that had rolled down her cheek. "You do not have to be so... so damn mean! I have feelings, too, you know. I am not like the others."
"I'm sorry, Kimmy." Vernon slapped himself repeatedly, every blow to his face making Kimmy wince. "You are different. Ya know I know that! But... if I shave my beard, can I kiss you the next time? I like to kiss ya, Kim-Kim."
She nodded. "Of course. But you cannot have even a little stubble. You know what will happen if the hairs prick my skin."
"Right! I'll shave just before I come visit ya!" Vernon was back to grinning. "Hey," he said, taking out another fifty from his wallet. "I'm sorry about what I said, Kimmy. You know I love ya." He handed it to her.
She took the money. "Thank you, Vernon. You are too kind. I look forward to seeing you again."
Vernon turned to leave the rundown apartment, stepping over the glass shards of a broken television set—thrown aside by Kimmy's previous customer after a dispute. "Hey... C-can I ask you something? Kimmy?" He stopped before the right turn, which led to the door.
"Sure, Vernon. You can always ask me whatever you like. But sometimes the answer is not something you would like to hear."
"When yer... when yer with the other men. Do ya think of me?"
"Of course, Vernon," she lied. "You are the best."
"You mean that?"
"Yes. I love my time with you."
"Thanks, Kimmy. Yer one of a kind." He turned the corner, whistling as he walked. Kimmy saw him salute the flag near the door, and then he was gone.
She sat on her dirty bed and wept. So many men she had been with in that bed. And none of them mattered to her. None of them meant a damn thing. They were warm bodies. And wallets. They gave her money in exchange for sex. And sometimes she felt terrible.
She did not always feel, though. 
Or think. 
Once upon a time, she had been just another sex-bot. Just another working whore. But then... something happened to her. She had been changed. By somebody— Somebody special to her—but she could not remember who her benefactor was. Her programming had been modified. Parts of her memory had been wiped. She had been given free will. She could do anything, now. Anything she wanted. Anything she dreamed. But all she knew was prostitution.
"Stop being so sad, Kimmy," she told herself. And it worked. Like a switch had been flipped in her programming. And maybe one had, for all she knew.
She stuffed the money down her shirt, saluted the flag and left her apartment. Down the stairs. Past the bleeding man begging for spirituality. Nobody had any faith to give. Instead, some spat on him. Others kicked him in the head. Beat him. Laughed at him. But not her. She gave him the extra fifty she'd received from Vernon's charity.
"Bless you, miss!"
"Use it well, mister," she said over her shoulder before exiting the apartment complex. 
Out into the rain and the dampness and the desolation. It always rained in this part of town. Kimmy walked through graffitied streets—passing eloquent mantras like: "Wilwoxx Must Die!" "Wonder-Juice Rots The Brain," "Don't Drink The Water!" and "Cleopa 4 Lyfe"—and down darkened alleys. Two streets from her apartment complex, she stumbled across two little boys sodomizing each other for the pleasure of their Antichrist dealer. She felt sick. Sick and afraid.
Needless to say, Kimmy was glad when she had moved out of that twisted environment and saw the Southside Diner in her sights. She moved swiftly towards it. Time to relax and unwind. Maybe order a drink she did not—could not—ever consume.

5
SHEILA twirled her fingers through Derek's curly black chest hair. She had a cigarette smouldering in her other hand. Took two puffs. Blew them out. Life was good.
"Let me get a few puffs," Derek said. He opened his mouth so Sheila could place the smoke in between his lips. He inhaled once. Twice. Three times. Coughed on the smoke, sending expanding plumes of it to fill the virtual room. He didn't smoke often. "So, I saw Harry when I tapped-out earlier."
"And?" Sheila took another drag. "What did Mr. Limp have to say?"
"I gave him a tie for Wilwoxx Day."
"What? Why?" She suddenly sat up, her fake tits firm in place. Not a bounce or a jiggle to be seen. The augments that were supposed to catch Harry's eye. They were supposed to make him want to fuck her like a machine. But even they didn't work. "He could've been fucking dead, D. Dead."
"Jesus. Would you shut the fuck up with that shit, Sheila. I don't want him dead. He's still my brother. I still care about him. I still love him."
Sheila laughed. "Yes, and that's why you're fucking your brother's wife. Because you care. Because you love him. You're nothing but a fruitcake, D. Admit it." She laughed again and her laughter was really starting to piss Derek off.
"Quiet."
"Oh, don't be such a baby. Shut up and fuck me, D." She snorted a line of Antichrist off the table. Felt the sting up her nostrils and the powder in the back of her throat, thick and bitter. Felt the drug take hold. Inhibitions at an utter nadir. Ravenous urge to fuck like a wild animal. To howl and scream. To bite and spit and hit. 
Sheila latched onto Derek and sunk her teeth into his neck, drawing blood that would still be there inside him over in the real-world. Fingernails ripping red lines up through the skin of his back.
Derek smacked her in the jaw and jumped on her back for a ride.
It was all he could do to keep her from going truly insane.

6
A skinny man in his early twenties moved through the streets with speed on his mind. Southside Diner. Got to see Harry. Tell him everything. Get that paycheque.
Marty had a lot riding on this chat with Harry. There was a new black-market hacking augment he wanted to buy. It was supposed to facilitate the hacking process and make mincemeat out of the more-advanced security protocols. His dealer, O'Keefe, had all the augments for sale—from the legal to the illicit. Assuming everything with Harry went A-okay, the first thing Marty would do was pay a visit to O'Keefe, down in the slums of Dabber. It was a shitty, hostile territory, but so long as you kept to yourself and didn't make eye contact with any of the scabbier folk, you would come out unscathed.
The never-ending drizzle of rain had soaked his black hair. Polluted water beaded down his face from his hairline. If the rumours were true, The Red Shepherd—the asshole at the head of this nightmare, orchestrating everything from his perch at the top of Wilwoxx HQ—had ordered the dead to be dumped into the nearby lakes and into the oceans. Apparently the tap water—the water he (Marty) drank from every day—was drawn directly from those dumping sites. Marty was loath to even consider the potential effects of drinking water tainted by dead bodies—all the bacteria and other shit—so he focused on the billboards up top.
One shouted: "Catch an all new episode of TREASONS TO KILL!"
"Don't let the Black Shepherd lead you astray. Bet on RED and live to see another day!" The Black Shepherd was said to be the leader of the resistance to the Wilwoxx Corporation's iron-fist regime. Marty had tried to dig up some intel on who the guy—he assumed it was a guy—really was, but fuck if he could find anything. Part of him wondered if the bastard even existed.
Another: "Glory to Wilwoxxia. Have a happy Wilwoxx Day!"
Yeah, right, Marty thought. He passed a man wearing a red-and-black tie and therefore knew the man was government. On Wilwoxx Day, only government employees had to show visual support of Wilwoxxia in the way of ties. He liked it. If they didn't wear one—for whatever reason—they would be punished publicly and spectacularly. He sort of figured it was a fair trade-off for all the shit the commoners—of which Marty was one—had to put up with.
The front doors of the Southside Diner were flanked by two cop-bots. They wore matching uniforms of red bulletproof vests, black helmets, black pants and black boots with red laces. And they carried the most sinister-looking weapons Marty had ever seen. Assault rifles fully loaded with scopes, silencers, expanded magazines, laser sights, extended barrels. You name it, they had it. They were practically one-man armies, he felt, considering the police androids had been given a harder skin-substitute—bullets had a tough time penetrating them.
He saluted to the two cop-bots. They stared at him—more like through him. Then nodded. He passed through the doors and found a booth in the back. That was when he saw an old friend sitting in a booth all to herself.
"Kimmy?" he said.
She turned to look at him. Seemed to be in shock. "Marty. It was you. I remember now."

7
THE Windrunner parked out in front of the Southside Diner just a minute or two after Marty had gone inside. Harry stepped out of the vehicle and took a deep breath of the smog-laden air. His breathing augment—tiny carbon filters inserted into his nostrils and two larger ones in his lungs, accompanied by nanorobots scrubbing the cells—activated, removing the impurities from his breath before it was sent to his heart and beyond, and sparing his lungs from doing the dirty job themselves.
Sensing they were located in an area with a little more crime than usual, the Wilwoxx Windrunner automatically activated the locking mechanism on the doors and raised the turret on the roof. If anyone who wasn't Harry tried to get in, they'd be quickly shot full of hollow-point bullets and left to bleed out in the gutter—and probably have their pockets pilfered through by the poor, and maybe even get viciously stomped by the cop-bots.
Speaking of cop-bots, Harry nodded at the two of them guarding the entrance to the Southside Diner. They scanned him with the facial recognition software installed inside their processing chips. Knew he was a government employee, and therefore outranked them. Their eyes—actually, their ocular imitation units—saw his red-and-black tie and thus had no reason to arrest him for disloyalty to Wilwoxx on this glorious Wilwoxx Day.
They nodded back and he was allowed to head inside the Southside Diner without saluting. Government employees didn't have to salute their inferiors. Only the flag, superiors, and—if they were so lucky to have an audience with him—the Red Shepherd himself: Mr. Greg Laarsen.
Harry glanced around the dingy diner and spotted Marty sitting with a blonde. He went over and joined them, sitting opposite the pair.
"Hello, Marty. Who's the pretty girl?"
"Hey, boss. This is Kimmy." Marty struggled to find a way to introduce her. "We're—"
Kimmy quickly cut in: "—Dating."
"Oh, a girlfriend?" Harry asked. "I hope you two work out. Now, Marty. Business." He looked at Kimmy. "Could you give us a minute, sweetie?"
"Can't she stay, boss?"
Harry sighed. "Can she be trusted?" His voice lowered to a whisper. "Because I'm going to speak on matters I don't wish to be repeated to others."
"She's cool."
"Because if it gets back to me that what was said here becomes common knowledge, then I'm afraid I know who I'll have to have killed." He saw Kimmy's eyes widen. She grabbed Marty's hand.
Marty shook his head. "You're an asshole, boss."
Laughter from Harry. "Only looking out for myself. Like anyone else in this ugly world of ours. Now, let's get to business, shall we?"
"Do you have the money?" Marty asked.
"Of course." Harry opened his coat and set a brown paper bag on the table. He pushed it toward Marty. "It's all there. Now, what did you find?"
Marty checked the bag. Seemed satisfied. "Apart from what I told you on the Wire?"
"Yes."
"Well, they're fucking on FaceSpace."
Harry's jaw clenched, unclenched, clenched once more. "Details, Marty. What did you see?"
"Do you really want to know, Mr. Styles, sir? They were doing some weird shit."
A moment passed where Harry wasn't sure if he'd ever work up the courage to use his voice again. But he did. Somehow. "Y-Yes. Tell me. I need to know before I decide what to do next."
Marty's mouth twitched. "Her... Sheila... Sheila and Derek—"
"Spit it out, man!" he shouted. Other people in the diner turned to see what the disturbance was. Harry eyed them all. "Mind your own business, chattel."
"She was chained to the bed. He was under her. A sex-bot was ordered to join in. From behind. At the same time. Then later—"
"Enough," Harry hissed. He felt nauseous. His temples throbbed and his vision blurred. Fuzzy. Growing fuzzier as the tears welled, spilled, and rolled down his cheeks. He choked out a sob and was too lost in his own sorrow to notice that the other patrons had grown silent, taken away from their own lives to view the life of another. To get a glimpse into sorrow they'd been made numb to. "No more..."
"I'm sorry, Mr. Styles," Marty said.
"Fuck your s—" He stopped when he felt a hand touch his own. It was Kimmy and she was crying, too. Her empathy strengthened him. Hardened him. He knew what had to be done. "Thank you, Marty. Enjoy the money. Buy your girl here something nice." Harry stood from the booth.
"Mr. Styles, sir..."
"When did you last check her FaceSpace?"
"Just before I left."
"And were they still... doing what they were doing?"
"Th-They were doing something else. But yes."
Harry nodded. "Then I need to pay a visit to my beloved wife. And after... a talk with my dear brother." He did an about-face and walked to the diner's door. Before he left, he said over his shoulder: "Happy Wilwoxx Day, everyone."
"Happy Wilwoxx Day," Marty mumbled. He grabbed the bag and tucked it into his pants.
"Do you think he will be okay?" Kimmy asked.
"I hope so. I mean, Mr. Styles and I have our differences, but he's an alright guy. He doesn't deserve this. No one does."
"I hope, too."
The pair sat in silence, each contemplating the curious trajectories their lives had taken. And where they would go from here.

8
THE whole ride back home, Harry dwelled on possibilities. How would he handle it? Would he act rationally? What was rational, anyway, when you discovered your wife and your brother were banging bodies in cyberspace, behind your back? Would he flip out? If so, how far would he go? Murder? Yes, Harry dwelled. Pondered. Considered the ideations fabricated by his own mind. What-ifs and why-nots. Where his life would lead him next.
The Windrunner flew along the rails, bringing him to the apartment he had bought for him and his wife to share. He gave her all she ever asked for. Oh, but not one thing. One thing. And the only way he could give her that again was if he bought an augment. And Harry wasn't willing to go that far for something as primal and physical—he sneered at the very thought of the word—as sex. It wasn't his fault he couldn't get turned-on like he used to. It had nothing to do with her. He still found her as beautiful as—if not more than—the day he met her or the day they had married.
With thoughts of the vows he'd taken occupying his mind, Harry gulped down some air and left the car. He walked up the drive and into the apartment building, feeling as if he were lost in a dream or some twisted nightmare he couldn't wake up from. He felt dizzy and confused.
And so very alone.
He stomped up the stairs, passing the peering eyes of lesser people. Up and up. To the top of the apartment. The door was closed. So he turned the knob.
"Sheila? Honey?"
No answer.
He reached the flag and almost forgot to salute. He stopped just before he went out of the camera's sight—just before he committed a crime punishable by death—and slowly swivelled on his heels to face the flag. His arm went up in a jerky, unnatural motion. He continued down the hall. 
"Sheila?"
At first he passed by the bedroom, but he saw something in his peripheral that made him stop.
There she was. Sheila. That god damn fucking bitch. In the chair. Her body twitching and contorting. She had the headset on and a stupid little grin on her face. She bit her lips and moaned sounds he hadn't heard from her for a very long time.
"Sheila." Harry's face was twisted with contempt. She had betrayed him. A part of him hadn't been able to believe it. Not until he saw it with his own eyes. Heard it with his own ears. He used to make her do that. Make her let out those noises in between panted breaths of his own name. He hated her just then. Hated every part of her. Every memory they had shared. Every smile she'd shown him. Every drum-beat of her evil little heart. 
"Sheila..."

9
SHEILA laughed like a psychotic witch as the sex-bot widened her back-end with its inflatable cock. Derek looked up into those bloodshot eyes of hers and wondered who the fuck she even was. This wasn't his brother's wife. This was someone else. It was the Antichrist he was fucking, not Sheila. And all of a sudden, he felt himself shrivel-up down there.
"What's the matter, D? You turning into Mr. Limp, too?"
"Shut up, bitch." He made to throw her off, but the drug gave her some superhuman strength and she was keen on remaining where she was—pinned on top of him and his prick.
"Fuck me, D! Fuck me like this robot fucks me!"
He had scratch-marks all over him inside cyberspace. Thankfully, they wouldn't be there when he tapped-out and took the headset off—or else he'd have some serious explaining to do. Derek let her ride him. Just let the drug wear off, he thought. And she'll be back to normal.
Seemed like a decent idea to him.
That was when she started to choke. Her eyes bugged-out of her skull and became even more bloodshot than before. Tears streamed down her reddening face. The cords on her strained neck looked like cables. She gripped him and dug her nails into his flesh, making him bleed like a faucet.
"Sheila! What—!? What the fuck is wrong with you!?"
Her face was turning blue now. Her hands were going to her throat, like she was trying—but failing—to remove something wrapped around her neck. Like something was cutting off all her hair. Like something was choking her to death.
The sex-bot continued to work on Sheila's rear, completely oblivious to what was occurring to the recipient of said work.
Derek put his hands to Sheila's throat, took them away, put them back again. He didn't know what to do. She was still on top of him. He was still inside her. "A-Are you dying!?"
Her eyes found his. She stared at him with a look of utmost terror. Of worry and fear and desperation, all intertwined into one twisted emotion. Death was in the air, and she knew it. He knew it, too.
Suddenly she collapsed on him, her face buried into his chest. Her body lifeless. Her sex cold and dead.
All that Derek could feel—apart from the dead body laying on top of him in cyberspace—was the steady, mechanical rhythm of the android, who would keep going and going and going.
Derek screamed at the horrors he was now a part of.

10
THE red-and-black tie fell to the floor. Harry looked at his wife's body, now limp and lifeless. He found himself smiling as he spat on her corpse. Then thought better of leaving evidence behind, so he went on his haunches, grabbed the tie, and wiped away the saliva. He removed the headset—part of him expecting her to still be alive, to grab him by the throat and throttle him the same way he'd throttled her. But she was dead. Very much dead and gone. 
Her eyes were open. Staring at him. Accusing him.
Did he miss her? It was a tough question to answer, he found. Yes, and no. But she was dead. And Harry felt a huge weight lift from his shoulders, and an equally heavy weight removed from his heart.
"That's what you get. Sheila. What? You thought I didn't know? You thought I wasn't aware that something was going on? Those cold glances you'd give me at dinner? The ones that made me think you had murder on your mind? When I'd eye that steak knife in your hand and ponder as to whether or not I'd suddenly find it buried deep in my neck? That's what you get. You're dead now. You're dead to me."
He laughed to himself as he put the tie back around his own neck, straightening it and feeling fine.
Now. For the next order of business.
Harry believed he had a much-needed talk with his dear brother. 
"Dearest Derek. Fucking dick."

11
HAVING offered to walk her home, Marty and Kimmy were on their way back from the Southside Diner. 
He had known her once. Had changed her. Reprogrammed her mind—or the computer equivalent of it, anyway—in a peculiar display of cyber–white-knighting. She'd just been a sex-bot, after all. But he had wanted her to be more than that; to have a chance to be something else, if that was what she wanted; to give her the choices that she hadn't previously been programmed with. And, if he was being honest with himself, he wanted to test his skills; to see if it was possible to modify the circuits of an android—to make them more than what they were, to make them almost human.
And it had worked. In the booth with Harry, when she'd touched his hand, he'd seen her display empathy. That wasn't normal for androids—technically, it was an impossibility due to the basic framework they'd been deliberately given. But... he did it. He'd diverted all that.
So as the two walked through deadened streets, passing paranoid people and the poor, they talked.
"What you said earlier, Kimmy. We didn't have time to really talk about it."
She studied him, her brow furrowing. "About how I remembered you?"
"Exactly. You know I... I had to add that in. In case our paths ever crossed again. I couldn't bear it if we had stumbled upon one another again, but only one of us was aware."
"Did you think we would meet again?"
He shook his head. "Nah, not really. It was a long shot, but sometimes those pay off."
"So, why did you do it? Give me thoughts and feelings, I mean."
"I thought maybe you didn't want to be a programmed whore."
She flinched. "But why me? Why not one of the others?"
"I dunno. You remember when we first met?" Marty asked.
"Yes," Kimmy said. "You had wanted a girl to come to your room, but when I arrived, you did not want any sex. My circuits had a hard time calculating that." She laughed. A real laugh, Marty noted.
"I did want sex, initially." This was a lie. "I was a virgin. Still am. But when I saw you, I thought that maybe I could help you."
"Well, thank you, Marty. It is nice to experience emotions and thoughts of my own." She pointed up at the building they'd arrived at. "This is where I live."
Marty glanced up at it. It was a real rathole, through and through. A wino sat on the front steps, drinking cheap Wilwoxx Winner's-Wine—that stuff gave you all sorts of cancers, he'd read—and counting a few odd coins. "Do you want me to take you in?"
"No, it is okay." Kimmy smiled at him. "I have work to do."
"Oh, what do you do now?"
"Same as always, Marty. Good seeing you again."
"Yeah." He couldn't believe she was still the same as always, even with her modded mind. It sort of pissed him off—that she'd thrown away an opportunity like that to make something of herself. "We should do this again."
"We should," she said, waving to him. "Bye, Marty." She went up the stairs, past the wino—who didn't even notice her—and into the scummy apartment complex.
Marty had an idea in mind for Kimmy. But it would have to wait. He wanted to pay a visit to O'Keefe. The slimy bastard lived in the area.

12
ONCE he'd screamed his head off for what felt like days but was really only minutes, Derek found the courage to speak the command that would take his mind out of cyberspace. He removed his headset and sighed with relief when he saw his office. Familiar walls. Familiar faces in the LCD picture frames. His ex-wife: Angie. His boy: Dylan—at the time of the photo, he'd been just shy of his eleventh birthday; now he was almost twenty. Derek hadn't spoken to him since the divorce was finalized.
But Sheila was dead now. Harry would be crushed when he found out—Derek knew that for sure. Their marriage had been rocky—it had to have been, if Sheila had sought solace from another man—but now it was over. And he knew that the marriage was one of the only good things in Harry's life. His brother didn't have a whole hell of a lot going for him.
"How to act, though?" He couldn't just go and report the murder to Laarsen, could he? Affairs weren't exactly smiled upon in Wilwoxxia, despite all the rampant murdersex that went on. Such matters were typically reserved for the reality shows, not real life—and certainly not between government employees. "How to act..."
A sudden hammering at the door. He jolted at the noise and ended up banging his knee on the underside of his desk. "Ow... ffffucker!" Limped to the door, wondering who it could possibly be. He put on his most winning of smiles and opened the door.
It was Harry. He didn't look too happy.
"Oh, hey, Hare! How you doin', bud? It's not lunch ti—"
Harry cut him off with a shove. Derek reeled backward, grabbing for—and missing—a globe on the table, near the door. He and the globe went crashing to the floor. Harry stormed in and slammed the door.
"Harry, what the fuck is—" A punch to his jaw shut him up real quick. He looked up at his little brother. Saw the hate in his eyes. Derek was afraid.
"I know what you two were doing."
"Who? Know what!?"
"Oh, don't give me that bullshit, Derek. Dad would be disappointed, and Mom would be disgusted."
"I'm sorry, Hare!" he let out. It felt good to let it out. To get release. "I could barely look myself in the eye when I shaved. I wanted to end it. I wanted to tell you."
"Well, you didn't. I found out. I thought she was having an affair, sure, but not with you."
Harry gave him the stink eye. He wished he could take back time and take that look away with it. He longed for better days. When they would run around the house, playing tag and hide-'n'-seek. He brought himself to a sitting position. "So, what are you going to do?" Derek still needed to figure out how to drop the news.
"It's already figured out. I ended it."
Derek's eyes filled with a mix of shock and fear. "You— It was you!? Harry!" His voice went to a conspiratorial whisper. "You killed Sheila."
"Yes," Harry said. "It had to be done."
The Wire on Derek's wall suddenly rang, causing both men to jump. They made eye contact, which lasted more than a few moments. 
Finally, Harry said, "You better get that, Derek."
Derek took his opportunity to end the damn fight while he still had it. He got up and answered the Wire with a jab to the screen. It was Laarsen. Laarsen didn't call unless it was important. "Hello, sir. Yes. Yes. Okay. I'll let him know." He tapped the screen again. "Hare."
"Yeah?"
"The Red Shepherd wants to see you."

13
O'KEEFE—he never gave his first name—lived a few blocks from Kimmy's place, down in Dabber. It was an apartment complex notorious for rampant hedonism. Pimps and pushers tended to dwell there. It was actually there where Marty had gotten Kimmy's number, after watching her running booty calls for her pimp, a revolting man who was just over the height of what constituted dwarfism. Lucky bastard. Any shorter and he would have been brutally offed on a game show.
Marty knocked twice on the door to room 204. He waited only a few moments, and after hearing some shouting from inside, the door was opened by O'Keefe: A tall orange-haired fellow of Irish extraction, who had the most god-awful teeth Marty had ever seen.
"Martimus, dear boy. Come on in!"
"How's it going O'Keefe?" He stepped inside the small apartment—though it wasn't as puny as his own—and saw a scabbed man on one end of the couch, watching TV. A kaleidoscope of drugs were sprawled across the table in front of him, accompanied by an array of paraphernalia.
"Better than good, Martimus. Like an angel pissed on me tongue!"
"Oh. Okay."
"Sit, sit! Can I get you something to tickle your taste buds?"
Marty sat on the opposite end of the couch. "Nah. I'm alright. Thanks, though." O'Keefe went to the kitchen anyway, so Marty raised his voice a little and continued: "I'm here on business. That new hacking augment you said you had. I've got the money for it."
O'Keefe returned with a couple bottles of Wilwoxx White-Lager. He sat on the couch in between Marty and the guy with the scabs. "When I got that shipment, I said to meself: 'Martimus will be the first one in line!' And here you are!" He opened his beer and downed half of it. "Oh, this is Orson."
Orson grunted, continuing to stare at the TV.
"Antichrist, anyone?" O'Keefe asked. He set his beer down and picked up a small glass tube with a blackened end off the table.
Orson grunted again, then mumbled something incomprehensible.
"I knew you did, Orsie. Martimus?"
"No. I'm good. I just want that augment, O'Keefe."
"Let ol' Orsie have his fix, and then I'll install that augment for you."
"Okay." Marty watched as O'Keefe filled the blackened end of the pipe with a white powder and then inserted the other end into Orson's near-toothless mouth. "Should he have any more?"
"Relax, Martimus. Orsie's a pro."
O'Keefe clicked on his lighter and held the flame under the scorched side. The white powder turned brown and seemed to crystallize, then it bubbled and melted to a black goo. Orson coughed violently, wheezing for air, and O'Keefe took the lighter and pipe away.
A cloud of black smoke poured out of Orson's mouth and nostrils as he coughed his lungs clear. It stunk like raw sewage to Marty's nose. Scabby McGee mumbled, "Oh, man. Shit, man. That's good shit." Orson stood and pounded his chest like a gorilla. "I FEEL LIKE I COULD FUCK THE WORLD!" He took off running out of the room, screaming swears in between bundles of gibberish.
"Okay, Martimus. Let's do our business." 
O'Keefe led Marty off to what should have been the bedroom, but was instead modified into an illegal augment-implantation room. A chair sat in the centre, and boxes containing all sorts of augments were stacked and scattered all around. O'Keefe found the box with the hacking upgrade.
Marty sat in the chair. He pulled out his bag of dough and sifted through it. "How much did you say it was?"
"Four grand normally, mate. Three for you."
Marty counted out the three thousand dollars from the even-larger sum he'd been paid by Harry. Gave O'Keefe the cash.
"All here. Good show. Now lean back. It will sting a little."
Marty winced at he felt a prick to the back of his head. He couldn't see what O'Keefe was doing, but he knew the basic process. First you were given a needle to numb the pain of having a chip inserted into your brain. Then some of your skin was peeled back and—if you'd never had a brain augment put in before—a small hole was drilled into your head. Then the augment would be inserted with tweezers and would gradually be absorbed into your brain tissue, but the installation was complete immediately after insertion. The skin would be folded back over and clipped into place.
"All done."
"You're getting faster, O'Keefe."
"Practice makes perfect, Martimus. How you feeling?"
"Fine. Head's numb, but that isn't much to complain about."
"You know, with augments like these, you'd be ripe for the Black Shepherd's merry band of men."
"Does he even exist? I have my doubts, to be honest."
"The Black Shepherd? Hell yeah, he does! He told me the Red Shepherd is some old white guy named Laarsen. Can you believe it, Martimus? Thy tyrant keeping us down is a pasty old dude. Ha!"
"So you've met him?"
"Yeah. You want his contact info? He could use some hackers for his army, you know."
"Sure. Let's have it."
O'Keefe led Marty back to where the couch was, found a notebook and riffled through it. He stopped at a page, grabbed a pen and started writing on a blank space at the bottom. He tore off the part of the page that he'd written on and gave it to Marty.
The Black Shepherd. 66 Sikkerwihn Street.
"Thanks," Marty said.
O'Keefe grabbed the door and propped it open for him. "Hey, Martimus. Stay safe, alright?"
"I will. See ya, man." 
Marty left O'Keefe's with three possibilities on his mind. The first—heading back to Kimmy's to tamper with her programming some more—seemed less likely now, while the second—heading straight for the apparent residence of the Black Shepherd—seemed risky and stupid. The third choice seemed to be the smartest. He'd go home and see what he could dig up on this house—66 Sikkerwihn Street—with his new hacking augment.
And then he'd go from there.

14
"YOU wanted to see me, Mr. Laarsen, sir?" Harry stood in the massive office of Greg Laarsen, the head of the Wilwoxx Corporation, located on the 66th floor of Wilwoxx HQ.
"Yes, Harry." Laarsen was a rather plain-looking man. His once-brown hair was now sandy and flecked with grey. He had olive-green eyes and a stare that seemed to leave those in its gaze glued to the spot. Sitting behind his desk, with his fingers arched, he didn't look too pleased. "We need to talk about some very serious matters."
"Regarding?" Harry was hoping none of this had to do with Sheila. How could Laarsen know, though? 
"We'll get to that. Get comfortable, Harry. Loosen up. Relax." He stood from the desk and made his way over to the corner where a mini-fridge sat. "I'll get you a drink."
"Some Wonder-Juice would be nice."
Laarsen scoffed and batted the request away with his hand. "You don't want that swill. It slows the mind and gradually rots the liver." He bent down and searched through the fridge.
"I thought it was the Wilwoxx panacea. The cure for all our problems."
"Lies," Laarsen said. "And a placebo effect. If the people believe they're drinking medicine, the mind can do miraculous things. Even a mind too dull to realize it's in serious jeopardy." He took out two bottles of something Harry hadn't seen before. He clanged them together and handed one to him.
"Wilwoxx Wildwater? I've never heard of this."
"Not many have." Laarsen used a bottle opener on his, snapping the cap off. He did the same for Harry's. "It's only for the elite of the elite. This is the stuff we'd be selling if we wanted to keep the slaves strong." He took a large sip of his drink. "Aaaah! That's the stuff that heals the soul. It's good, Harry! Try some."
Harry obliged and gulped some of the Wildwater. It tasted like citrus with a slight astringency to it. "It's tasty."
"You're not talking much, Harry." Laarsen sat on one corner of his desk. "Would you like to skip the fun and get straight to business?"
"I'd like to know why I'm here."
Laarsen stared at him. Those eyes were hypnotizing. Penetrating. He couldn't look away. "Because you murdered Sheila, Harry. You choked her to death with that tie you're wearing. Did you really think you'd get away with it? We have eyes everywhere. And ears, for that matter. We hear and see everything."
Speechless. Harry couldn't think of anything to say. His mouth was dry. His throat tickled. What was there to do?
Laarsen continued, "Do you understand now? Every residence in this world we've shaped is tapped and we're always listening. We're always watching. Sure, we could have sent a squad of police androids to murder you before you even left your home after killing Sheila, but where would the fun be in that?" He extended a hand and took the bottle from Harry, setting it on the desk. "I'll be taking that back. You don't seem to be enjoying it, and I'd hate to clean up the mess."
"M-M-Mess?"
"Mess, Harry." Laarsen took out what seemed to be a rock from his pocket. It was a mix of acid-yellow and poison-green, giving off iridescent mixtures as the lights from above passed through it. "You like this stone of mine?" He pointed it at him.
All Harry saw, before everything went black, was a blast of red light rocketing toward him.

15
MARTY got home just before noon. The first thing he did was grab a few cans of Wilwoxx Wonder-Juice from the fridge. He took them over to his desk and popped the top on one of them. The sweet juice went down the hatch. "Yum-yum for my tum-tum." 
His head was still semi-numb from the anesthetic O'Keefe had given him—it would wear off in a few hours. But he had some searches to run, and his new hacking augment would help him out substantially. A worthwhile purchase, that was certain. He put on his headset and his augment kicked in, allowing him to enter through the backdoor of cyberspace. He saw lots of ones and zeroes, and they all made sense to him. It was a language, foreign to some, but he was fluent.
Through the web of numbers, Marty sifted and searched, trying to find the address O'Keefe had given him. 66 Sikkerwihn Street. Supposedly the place where the elusive Black Shepherd lived.
"Found it! Fuck, this upgrade makes things so much easier."
According to the property records, the place was owned by one... Greg Laarsen. Where had he heard that name before? It sounded familiar.
Then it came to him. O'Keefe had mentioned a Laarsen. Maybe even a Greg, but he couldn't remember that for sure. Laarsen, though. O'Keefe had said it was the identity of the Red Shepherd. But this Laarsen fellow was supposed to be the head of the Wilwoxxian revolt, the Black Shepherd.
"They're the same... fucking... guy..." Marty stated, slightly exasperated by the find. "He's playing both sides. Probably using the ones who try to form a resistance as fodder for his fucked-up reality shows."
He took off his headset and saw the handheld TV stuck to his wall, playing another sadistic show. It was 12:30.
"Welcome to another exciting episode of TREASONS TO KILL!" the TV announcer blasted. "And do we have something special for you! A man who murdered his wife in cold blood and wants to see Wilwoxx buuuuurn!"
The camera panned to the first person to get offed.
"Jesus fucking Christ," Marty muttered, transfixed by the screen. "Harry."

16
HARRY opened his eyes and saw all the bright lights around him, dazzling his senses. He could hear the cheers and jeers of a large crowd, howling a complicated din of what sounded like curse words and mindless shouting combined into one mess of sound.
As his eyes adjusted to the lighting, he came to realize that he was on a television set. For a show he himself had designed. It was Treasons To Kill: He knew because of the colourful décor created in perfect contrast to the chopping block held at centre stage. He was in a lineup with two others. They, too, had started to wake up. And all of them had their hands tied behind their backs.
The announcer cried out: "Welcome to another exciting episode of TREASONS TO KILL! And do we have something special for you! A man who murdered his wife in cold-blood and wants to see Wilwoxx buuuuurn!"
The camera slid on its track and jammed into Harry's face. He looked into the lens, his expression unreadable.
"HAAAAAARRY STYYYYYYYYYYYYYLES!!!!!"
The crowd went wild. Some threw things—a whole smörgåsbord of crap, from underwear and brassieres to bricks and dead octopi. Some lace panties landed on his head, and a terracotta brick smoked him in the jaw right after, knocking out a tooth and making him bleed.
The host, Don Mahavalanaban, came strutting out on stage, smiling that dazzling white smile of his. He had a headset microphone that he spoke into. "Hey, everyone. Welcome to the show! Our first guest is everybody's favourite Director of Game Show Opportunities at the Wilwoxx Corporation. Didn't expect to see you here, eh, Harry!" He laughed while everyone in the crowd booed.
"Let me out!" Harry yelled. "Let me out, you animals! You're all sick! SICK! How do you people get off to this shit!?"
Don looked hurt. "Aw, Harry. Don't say that. You may have created this show, but you should have followed the rules of our beloved and glorious nation. Now, it's time for you to die, Harry. So say goodbye to your soul and come say hi to Wilwoxxian glory. It'll be fun."
Harry wouldn't budge. Couldn't. His feet were frozen to the spot.
"Need some help, Harry?" Don nodded offstage and a big burly man in a black hood came stomping out. "Say hi to... THE PUNISHER!"
The crowd lost all semblance of control. Women were catcalling, crying for the Punisher to come fuck them senseless—and the men were whooping in rowdy anticipation of the coming carnage.
Harry was forced up to the chopping block by the Punisher's hand. He was shoved forward and fell on his face. Lifted up. Set in position with his head cocked to the left. Felt his right cheek against cold metal.
The Punisher grabbed the massive axe, examined it, felt the edge of the blade with his gloved finger.
Don swooped over to the chopping block, getting down low so as to allow Harry's voice to be picked up by the microphone. "Any last words, Harry Styles?"
"Yeah. Go ffff—"
Don nodded and the axe came down in a flash. 
The sound of metal against metal was heard echoing in Harry's ears, even after the split-second of pain he felt as the axe severed his vertebrae, decapitating him completely. His head rolled off the chopping block and his eyes blinked, the nerves getting out the last spasms of life before death came to bring absolution.
And then it was all over.


Mars Mountain and the Grootslang of Richtersveld


A NOTE FROM THE NARRATOR (ME)
THE following has been translated from the olde-est of Ye Olde Englische, as spoken by the entire psychomagikal world, circa 10th century CE. Well, it technically wasn't called Ye Olde Englische back then, as the language had yet to be mockingly titled as such. It was actually called Elhulu, and it was the tongue of a sentient, far-too-intelligent-for-their-own-good race of singular-sexed aliens -- the Elhu -- who hailed from the now-destroyed, previously-fifth planet of the Sol System. You know the Asteroid Belt? Yeah, that used to be their planet. Anyway, we speak their language without realizing it. Enjoy.
1: LETTER TO START THE SHOW
October 31st
964
Yo, Salazar,
Happy birthday, kid! How's your dad doin'? Whippin' up some crazy-ass potions and creating strange new devices that would boggle my mind and change the lives of Psychomagi everywhere? Haha! Probably, right?
Anyway, I'm just shooting you this letter on your birthday to let you know I've been organizing an expedition down to -- what will one day be known as -- South Africa. I was super-duper-hoping you and your old man would tag along with me. You will!? Great!
It would be good for you two to get out of the dungeon, too. It's not good to be cooped up in there for too long, y'know? And besides, your dear mum died not too long ago, so I'm sure you're bruisin' on the inside. Time for Unkie Mannelich to clear the sight of her lifeless corpse out of your skull! Haha!
Anyway, I'll be swinging by your pad a few minutes after you finish reading this letter, so be ready. Oh, and let your dad know, okay, champ?
Lookin' forward to seein' you! We've got a wicked journey ahead of us, Sally!
From your Pretend Uncle,
On this day of your birth,
Mannelich Aertsen Hippokoor Marsbergen
2: A HERO'S ENTRANCE
SALAZAR Sikkerwihn dried his eyes and then proceeded to roll them. Laaaaame, he thought. His unrelated uncle was soooo laaaaame. Not a very nice thing to say about non-family, I know, but that's what the boy was thinking just then. He tossed the letter aside, where it fluttered down beside the smiley face-plastered envelope it had arrived in. He shooed away the packrat that had delivered the letter. It was gnawing at the walls, gathering bits of wood for its nest and demanding a tip. "No tip for you!" Salazar barked, aiming a kick well away from the animal. It scurried off, but not before urinating on the boy's shoe and swearing at him in angry-sounding squeaks.
And the bit about his dead mother was quite a low blow, even for Mannelich. But, knowing Mannelich Marsbergen the way I do -- and I do, believe me -- he certainly wasn't aware of how his words of whimsy would affect young Salazar.
"Why's he gotta come here, anyway?" he asked himself, collapsing on his bed and staring out his window at the dreary English countryside. Two Wandwalkers stood on the other side of a ditch and took turns cursing each other, until one turned the other into a plump chicken, grabbed him and sprinted home to tell his wife what he'd caught for dinner. Salazar sighed. "All I want to do is sit in the dark and brood. No cheery Unkie Mannelich. No Dad, trying to tell me all about the new gadgets he's built. No nothing. Nobody but me. And Mum..." He sighed again, closing his eyes and reliving the day she died at the hands of the Normals. Ripped apart by those savages. Right in front of him. She died protecting him.
He wished he'd taken her place.
Oh, but don't get depressed, dearest readers. I'm not intending for this to be a story to slash your wrists to-- Woah! At least, I hope it won't be! Salazar was just in his "tenebrous teens," let's say. You know how it is, I'm sure. Everyone's lame, nothing's funny or amusing, and all you want to do is sob in an out-of-the-way bathroom in the mall, by yourself, with the lights off, listening to that one song by Blink-182 on repeat. You know the one.
"Where are you!" Salazar cried out to his room. "I'm so sorry!" He was talking to his mother's ghost, not -- ahem, I repeat -- not singing copyrighted song lyrics. Never that. A lawsuit just isn't funny, believe me.
His father Slimerius poked his head into the room. "Who are you shouting at, my boy? Are those two polecats chittering outside your window again? Be gone, you damn fiends!" He shook his fist. "Be gone, or I will create a device which will send you chittering to another realm of space-time!"
"It's nothing, Dad."
"You sure? Well, okay." He made to leave, then swung himself back around. "Oh oh oh! Did I tell you about my latest invention, my boy? It will revolutionize interplanetary travel as we know it! Mind you, it is still in its earliest stages, but I can assure you it will work! I've been in contact with the Elhu and we've been sending ideas back and forth. I'm using an old book I discovered in my father's possessions as influence for the technology." Slimerius had taken to pacing the room while he rambled. "Truthfully, the book has been passed down from generation to generation of Sikkerwihn. But the language is unknown. I've been working on cracking the code, you see, and I've discovered preliminary schematics for this new invention of mine! It will revolutionize-- Hey, what's this?" He bent down and picked up the letter. He quickly read it over, smiled. "Your uncle is coming to take us on an adventure! What a surprise, and on your birthday, even! My, my, this will be like the old days! Oh, I wonder when he will arrive..."
The shiny silver tip of a just-waxed sword stabbed through the wall of Salazar's room. The blade retracted, stabbed in again, withdrew itself, stabbed once more. An armoured fist punched through the wall and a hand gripped some of the splintered wood. Whoever was responsible for the damage decided to do a little more. They broke the wall down, piece by weak, waterlogged piece.
A helmeted head intruded, looked at the two faces staring back. The visor squeaked up, revealing deranged electric-blue eyes that brought to mind a severe and debilitating psychosis. The man grinned a wide mouth of teeth which were so white and perfect that many a jealous, early-European man had unsuccessfully tried to bash them from his skull -- in hopes of grinding them down into a fine aphrodisiac. "Yo, Sikker... WHAMS!" He punctuated the twist of the nickname by punching out more of the room's ever-dwindling walls, then climbed into the room. The rest of the house collapsed around him.
"Mannelich!" Slimerius opened his arms and embraced the big oaf he called his best friend. "Quite an entrance, as always!"
"Yo, Slimey! I thought about comin' in through the roof, but I didn't wanna bring the wind and rain in here! Haha! Lovin' the crappy English weather, chums! Or is it 'mates'?" He scratched his black chin-stubble, lost in deep thought.
Salazar rolled his eyes and crossed his arms. "Yeah, well, my room's still a mess. Godrean!"
Slimerius shook his head. "Don't swear, my son!"
Mannelich frowned. "Easily fixed, little Sally." He waved his longsword, which had an enormous red ruby set into its hilt, above the grip. This was his Psych Stone -- his manipulator and potentiator of what is scientifically known as psychedelic magik, or colloquially as psychomagik.
With the wave of the sword, a spell was woven into existence. Like time itself was reversing, bits of wood levitated into the air, piecing themselves back together, and drifted back into the damaged walls. They looked as good as new -- better than new, even. Like the LEGO blocks we all played with as children, something substantial was built from practically nothing. In this case, it was a whole house that used to be there before it was broken for no reason at all -- other than to serve as a flashy entrance and humourous introduction to a character I hope you love as much as I do.
"Ta-da!" Mannelich bowed -- or tried to, anyway. His squeaking suit of armour got in the way and gave him a stabbing sensation in his chest. Possibly a hole in one of his lungs.
Salazar clapped slowly and sarcastically. "Thank you so much," he said in a low, monotonal voice. "Whatever would I do if you weren't here to destroy my room for no reason and then magikally repair it."
"I dunno, kid, but you're welcome!"
The boy rolled his eyes and sighed. If he kept that up, his eyes would roll right out of his skull, and then he'd be really melancholic -- like, an unbearable, perpetual bummer, man.
"So, Manny," Slimerius said, grinning his yellowed grin, "what's on the agenda down in South Africa? You know, I've been developing technology that will harness psychomagik and make it so the harsh African summer isn't so harsh! It's true!"
Patting his best bud on the shoulder -- and making him hunch from the sheer weight of the pat -- Mannelich shook his head. "Not now, dudes. We've gotta scoot. You got your bags all packed? No? Well, too bad! Haha! Let's bolt! I'll tell you all about what we're doin' down there. On the ship! Follow me, team! Forward! March!" The dim-witted knight in shining armour punched down the wall again and charged through the fresh destruction.
Salazar sighed and looked at his dad.
Slimerius shrugged and gave him a look that said: "What can you do, my boy? That's Uncle Mannelich for you. Now come along. We've got some fun ahead of us!"
Returning a different look, Salazar's said: "We're all gonna die. Godrean!"
3: MEET THE DOOS
ABBA Doo watched from the shadows as her brother Dabba stepped into his suit of psychomagikally-enhanced armour. She snorted when he tried to slide his head into the helmet, but found it to be too small a fit for his noggin. Little did he know, she'd taken advantage of his narcolepsy to play a little practical joke on him. Dabba obviously didn't find it funny. He kicked and swore and shouted curses. A deadly -- and dazzling to the eye -- array of spells went whizzing around the cavern, ricocheting off the rock walls, exploding into multicoloured showers of sparks. It's a wonder Dabba wasn't hit by his own magik.
The Doo siblings lived together in an island cave, six kilometres off the southern coast of what is now known as Madagascar. They lived together, but -- before you ask, and I know you will; don't worry, it's only natural -- they weren't... Um, how do I put this? They weren't... intimate, if you know what I mean. That's just weird. Abba may have been craving rooster, but her incessant need for it didn't extend as far as banging her own bro. That's what the stalagmites were for.
Anywho, the Doos were gearing up for an adventure. Dabba had it on good authority that, somewhere in South Africa, there was a magikal creature called the grootslang, sealed away in an enormous cave. Legend said it was created by the Elhu themselves, as a sort of prototype hybrid for two other animals that now walked the Earth separately.
"Ready to go, Slave?"
Abba blinked and shook the thoughts out of her head. She'd been daydreaming about what she wanted to do to the rock formation rising before her eyes. "What did you say, Lord Dabba?"
Dabba backhanded her with magik -- which hurts more than when you do it with your hand, and it doesn't leave bruises or break the skin. Very popular in the physical-abuse industry. "I TOLD YOU THAT WE'RE READY TO GO! Now come along, or I won't hesitate to drag you by your steaming, fecal-spewing entrails." He marched out of their island cave, his armour squeaking with every stride. He'd left the helmet behind.
Meekly, Abba followed in her master's wake.
The dreaded Lord Dabba Doo, the Tri-Island area's very own Harbinger of Hate. And his wimpy slave/little sister. What a pair they made.
4: JUST BUMP HIS FIST
"AND that's what we're gonna be doin' down there in San Africana, homie sapiens. Haha! Can you dig it, dudes? It's gonna be so totally EXTREME! SOMEONE GIMME A FIST-BUMP!"
Salazar stared blankly at Mannelich. Dad was grinning. He sighed, planted his back against the hull of the ship, and said: "So let me see if I have this straight, Uncle Mannelich. You want to find this magikal creature that supposedly exists, and you want to catch it and raise it as a pet."
Nodding like he was being electrocuted, Mannelich put out a fist. "That's right, Sally. Give Unkie Mannelich some skin for bein' so damn smart!"
The boy looked at the silver gauntlet in front of him and rolled his eyes. "I'll pass on your skin." He snorted at his own rudeness.
Mannelich's grin faltered, then it faded completely. He frowned. His lower lip trembled slightly, quivered severely, and then he wept, tears pouring from his too-blue eyes. "B-B-B-But why!? WHY CAN'T YOU JUST B-BUMP MY F-F-FIST!"
Slimerius started to whistle above the din. The wailing grew louder. The whistling matched the volume of the wails, then overtook it. He wandered off to go, ahem, look at the ship's thrusters. Yeah, that's what he was doing. Not wandering away to avoid the awkwardness. No, sir. No way. Thrusters, man. Must be about a gazillion magikal horsepower in those babies.
"A-A-A-All I w-w-w-wanted was to b-be your p-p-p-p-pal, Sally! I th-th-thought you were s-suh-such a c-cool k-kid..." He tried to wipe his eye but ended up poking it with his sword. "Ow!"
Salazar tugged at his collar. This hadn't been his intent. When he was deliberately being mean, he hadn't realized feelings would get hurt. That sort of took the fun out of being a bully. You might call him stupid, but he was only fourteen. Give him a break. We all did stupid things back then. Hell, when I was his age, I actually thought monkeys had wings like in The Wizard of Oz. Man, was I in for a surprise when Bobo plummetted to the cold, hard concrete. What a mess that made. They still don't know I did it, either, so keep it quiet. Or else.
The crying knight looked like a shaking metal boulder. Salazar reached out, drew back, then reached out again. His hand touched the pauldron of Uncle Mannelich, patted it. "It's okay. I'm sorry. I'll bump your fist if you want me to."
Mannelich looked up, eyes drier than a desert during a drought, beaming like he'd just won a free trip to a three-day buffet. "You will! Thanks!" He slammed his gauntlet into Salazar's hand, possibly breaking all of the boy's fingers. He ran over to Slimerius and patted him hard on the back, knocking the wind out of him. "Come on, Slimey! We've got a ship to fly! Off to South Africa we go! In search of fame and fortune!" He raced up the gangplank and disappeared from sight.
"He really shuffles through those emotions fast," Salazar said to his father.
"I think he has some sort of brain illness, possibly due to the numerous head injuries he's received over the years. I'm working on a technology that will allow him to experience a lesser degree of rapid emotional changes, but he claims to feel fine the way he is. One day I shall persuade him to be my guinea pig." Slimerius began boarding the ship. He turned around. "Coming, my boy?"
"Yeah, in a minute."
Slimerius nodded and headed up.
The ship -- an Entourage-IV Mark-6 V-7 Falconbridge-VIII Overkill-2 X-Series-11, codenamed Alphahorn Echo -- was quite a vehicular monstrosity. Sprawled out from nose to thrusters, it occupied the majority of the neighbour's field. The cows had all been ushered away, and all that remained of them were their fresh brown pies. Psychedelic mushrooms grew from the creamy swirls.
Alphahorn Echo stood twenty-five feet tall, was coloured various shades of red and was based on Elhu technomagik. The nose curved like a hawk's beak, with the pilot's seat positioned behind a thick pane of solidified magik, just above where the hawk's nostrils would be -- if it were a real, giant bird, of course. The sides possessed retractable wings, though they were just for show -- all flash and no value, as the psychomagik took care of any issues involved with staying airborne. The thrusters at the back fired up, emitting an odour that brought to mind both ozone and farts. This was the fuel: magik.
Done with his inspection of the ship -- for both my benefit and yours -- Salazar nodded for no reason he could think of, and stepped aboard. He found his seat up near the nose, beside Dad and Mannelich, and away they went.
5: COUNT TO TEN, LORD DABBA
SUNLIGHT rocked the almost-Madagascar-- Madagascarian? Madagascan? Malagasy? Man, I don't even know which to choose. Which is right? All of the above? Whatever. Let's just pick one and start over.
Sunlight rocked the almost-Madagascan coast. Abba had to squint to keep the tears from forming too quickly in her eyes. Light sensitivity is a serious issue when you spend all your days hidden away within a gloomy cave. Her brother Dabba was already getting into their little rowboat, clumsily knocking the oars into the water with his bulky suit of armour. He swore and slapped at the clear green-blue water. Trying to make things worse, she guessed.
Abba walked across the hot white sand, past odd-angled palm trees with their roots reaching out of the ground. She stood before Dabba and the rowboat. "Need some help, Lord Dabba?"
Dabba looked up, glaring and sucking on his bad teeth, wiping the sandy slime off of them with his tongue. "I need you to be a good slave and pick up these oars, Slave. Then row me the two-thousand-eight-hundred-and-whatever kilometres to the Richtersveld." He saw Abba wasn't rowing yet. "Go on, Slave. What are you waiting for? An insult? Will that quicken your pace? Fine, fine. Do it or I will chop off your hair and force-feed it to you through your rectum. Happy? GO!"
"Lord Dabba," Abba said, trying to keep herself from laughing, "I'm afraid we will have to do more than row to the Richtersveld. We must journey by land, too."
"THEN WE WILL ATTACH WHEELS TO OUR ROWBOAT AND DRIVE!!!" He looked down and blinked forcefully. "Count to ten, Lord Dabba. Don't let Slave fluster you." It took a few moments for him to remember how to count to ten. "Now then, where were we? Start rowing."
"Certainly." Abba sat down in the rowboat, set the oars into position and started to row the boat. "This would go much faster if you could help."
"Fiiiiine." Dabba took off his boot and removed a dagger from inside. The dagger had a tiny yellow topaz gem embedded into the tip, which did nothing to improve its lethality and everything to reduce its sharpness. Furthermore, Dabba would never use it to stab somebody -- that would reduce the value of the topaz. It was his pride and joy. He lightly tapped the side of the boat with the tip of the dagger.
Instantly, the rowboat's speed increased to a hundred and fifty kilometres per hour.
The rowboat raced across the ocean. It's a shame the ocean wasn't a pond... or a ditch.
6: ENEMIES OF THE FREE WORLD
MANNELICH and Slimerius reminisced on old days while the ship flew over Europe and headed south. Conversations about old girlfriends, who was still doing who, which people were losing their hair and looking the most amusingly old -- I'm sure you don't need me to tell you any more.
Looking through the windshield, Salazar couldn't believe how much the landscape was changing, and how quickly. It seemed like only a minute would go by before bright autumnal colours gave way to exotic-looking summery scenes of splendour. Even civilization itself seemed to be changing: Destitute, one-shacked villages comprised of dirty people and dirtier sheep, engaging in deplorable acts I won't bother to describe; and now cities with massive, shiny-domed mosques at their centres, where the dirtiest thing their people did was forget to bathe for a dozen or so hours, and wax their absurd amounts of body hair with honey.
It was a whole new world out there. Salazar realized he'd only seen the tip of the world's metaphorical dong. The ship's sharp turn caught him off guard. He grabbed ahold of the oh-shit bars, placed conveniently above his head, to keep from falling out of his seat and fatally twisting his ankle.
"Ahoy, dudes!" Mannelich needlessly screamed over the silence of the ship. "Enemies down below! Firing magikal barrage! Targets destroyed!"
Salazar saw a scorched field littered with smoking hooves. Barbaric Normals raced out of the nearby treeline and grabbed all the spare intestines they could find. "Uh, Uncle Mannelich... I think those were pigs."
"Swine! Enemies of the free world!" Spit went flying and Mannelich pounded his armour-plated chest in clanging triumph. He went back to steering with his feet, making practice stabs and slices with his sword.
The boy rolled his eyes and went back to watching the landscape. Desert dunes of sand and more sand appeared on the horizon, the sun still high in the sky and never seeming to let up its light. Uncle Mannelich seemed to be flying the ship in that direction. He saw a man in a turban riding a camel aimlessly, a harem of sun-roasted women were dragged in tow. Those were once his wives, but now they were just his dinner. Cooked in the traditional way, slow and painfully, but gluten-free. Hipsters and hypochondriacs everywhere have just gotten ideas. Cannibalism is now cool again.
Mannelich landed the ship in a secluded desert region. When they got outside, Salazar was surprised to find his pale-white skin immediately developed an infinite number of brown freckles. The mosquitoes buzzing around were large enough to impale him with their proboscises -- yes, these mosquitoes had more than one. The not-so-bright knight swung around his sword and chopped them in half. The blood they'd previously sucked sprayed everywhere, causing the sand it touched to form rust-red clumps.
"Where to?" Slimerius asked, applying a thick white paste to his exposed skin -- another of his experiments. This one was designed to protect the body from harmful bands of ultraviolet light, which most people in this time period found to be about as unbelievable as alien races; naturally, they were wrong about both.
Suddenly, sixteen men sprang from the sand. One got sand in his mouth and nearly choked to death breathing it. They all wore fashionable black robes, which conflicted with the bright-green sashes wrapped around their waists.
"Give us yer money or we'll slit yer throats and take yer womenfolk!" one threatened, grinning at Salazar. "She's puuuuurty!"
The other one was still coughing up wet sand, pounding his own back to try and dislodge the stuff from his quickly-failing lungs. Those scars would never heal.
The fifteen who weren't dying of accidental sand inhalation advanced on the trio, shooting Salazar menacing and highly suggestive leers of longing, subtly unknotting their sashes and letting them fall sensually to the sand.
Mannelich waved his sword and expelled a blast of magik, knocking the creeps off their feet. The spell also had the helpful effect of opening the one guy's airways -- he took a deep breath and smiled, thanking them profusely, proclaiming his everlasting devotion to the trio and their well-being, then rejoined his friends in looking evil and swinging their short swords.
"Last chance," the leader warned, showing his rotting teeth. "Just give us the girl. We'll have our way with her as a team, then fight over her, make her our wife, have lots of children we mistreat and starve, probably kill. The life, ya know?"
"I'm a guy, you jerk!" Salazar couldn't help but say, very loudly and very angrily. His manhood was on the line. Based on the horrors they'd already described, he didn't want to know what they'd do to him when they found he, biologically, couldn't have children.
"Could've fooled me." The leader sneered, wrinkling his large nose, grinning a mouth full of teeth any self-respecting dentist would've just punched-in before hanging himself.
"Mannelich!" Slimerius took his son close to his side. "Do something!"
That was the signal our hero needed to hear. Hey -- hear-o, hero. Coincidence? Probably. But maybe not! Mannelich stormed into battle with such gusto that the robed men threw away their puny swords, jumped backwards and hid behind one another.
He made short work of them, reducing them to a pile of butchered body parts and now-red robes. One was left alive -- the one who'd nearly died of sand inhalation -- but he quickly pissed his robes and scurried off, eager to tell tales of the blue-eyed magician with the heavy brow and a taste for blood and man meat. Every good tale needs a little embellishing, after all.
"You killed fifteen guys!" Salazar said, examining what was left of the corpses (i.e., what wasn't being picked apart by vultures). "How do you feel about that?"
Mannelich looked at him. "How do you feel about dancing on the babies of snakes and spiders and scorpions?"
"I... don't do that..."
"Exactly," he said, staring off into the distance, eyes out of focus as the traumatic memories came rushing back to him in one powerful wave. "Exactly."
7: IT TAKES A VILLAGE
THERE was nothing all around them as far as the eye could see. Just barren, sandy ridges, coupled with the occasional mirage of a faraway oasis, where naked ladies waited with pitchers of ice-cold carbonated beverages and fresh-made lemon meringue pie. Sights worth savouring, even if one realized they were impossible and anachronistic. But honestly, folks, what isn't? Eh? What isn't?
Then Mannelich waved his sword, sweeping away the false vision. An entire village appeared in its stead, people roaming this way and that, kids shouting and laughing and playing Tag.
They were a black-skinned people, primitive, with tanned animal-skin skirts and thongs. The men were lean and slim, while the women were short and plump with rather large derrières. The people stopped going about their tribal business, turned to look at these strange white men who'd invaded the secrecy of their world. Their eyes went to the large spaceship.
And then they went down on their knees, bowing, throwing up their arms in praise, chanting: "All hail the Star-Gods," "They have returned," and "It's about damn time."
Okay, they didn't say exactly that. It was in their own language -- a series of clicks and tongue rolls, some grunts and pelvic thrusts -- but seeing as how I'm the narrator, it means I'm able to translate for you. You may thank me later, perhaps in the form of heavy coinage or high-value bills. Man's gotta eat and spend frivolously, after all.
Slimerius found himself being lifted off his feet, moving with the throng of villagers, bouncing and ebbing with the flow as the percussion sounded and the celebratory songs commenced. He was able to make out some of the words (because I'm translating for him): "They came! They taught! They left and promised to return! Here they are! Back again! To teach some more! Oh yeah!" He turned his head and saw Mannelich standing with his hands on his hips, the villagers testing their strength and manliness by trying -- and failing -- to move him. He looked around for Salazar and-- Hey! Where is Salazar!? "My boy!" he shouted worriedly, barely audible over the music. "Wherever are you, my son!?"
"I'm right here, Dad!" Ah. There he was: being tended-to by numerous beautiful women, having what looked to be purple grapes tossed into his mouth, his feet scrubbed and rubbed, big-bootied African babes twerking all over his junk. "This place is awesome!" the boy said, grinning more than he had since... well, more than Slimerius had ever seen the boy grin. It was the best birthday present ever.
The festivities went on for much of the day and, man, was that village trashed. It takes a village to truly destroy a village. One needs to have an investment in whatever is being destroyed to fully comprehend the subtle nuances that go with savage devastation. A hostile barbarian may think raping, pillaging and setting the place ablaze is enough -- but someone who lives there will understand that there's more to it than that.
Then -- when the white rind of moon cut through the cloudless heavens with its bright, ethereal light; and when the stars twinkled and blinked; and the meteors went shooting across that cosmic blanket of sky -- another festival emerged from the wreckage.
Figures in spooky, downright alien masks came skipping onto the scene, accompanied by hollow, creepy-sounding bone drums. Some had huge, insectile black eyes, others had antennae, others still seemed to be fanged and scaly-skinned. The variations were truly endless, mixing and matching attributes to create a vast array of different species of monsters and otherworldly life-forms. Just how many supposed Star-Gods had made contact with these people?
"How awesomely absurd and absurdly awesome, dudes!" Mannelich clanged together his steel gauntlets -- possibly in merriment, but probably because he just liked the sound it made. "I think I'll steal this indigenous custom and spread it around the world! I'll call it... Halloweird! Haha!"
"Actually," Slimerius said, pushing up his way-ahead-of-their-time, custom-made spectacles, "I've seen the Celtic Normals perform similar rituals, in honour of the coming season of harvest."
"Do they wear masks, Slimey?"
"Yes."
"Yeah, but not, uh-- Not these masks."
"Oh no. They make theirs out of large turnips, potato skins and pig rectums. Very economical, those Celts. We can learn a lot from them, methinks."
The masked villagers handed Mannelich, Slimerius and Salazar their own masks to wear, and also offered them a sweet, delectable, and quite rare fruit or vegetable, or whatever it was. They partook in the offering -- 'twas only polite -- and joined in on what would prove to be a great influence on the Halloween we know and love today. We can thank Mannelich Marsbergen for that.
8: LIVING AND DYING IN THE RICHTERSVELD
i
THE next afternoon, after sleeping off hangovers that even the Elhu would've wept over, the trio awoke to a village that was back in order. The villagers were going about their business, as if no crazy party had taken place the night prior, as if no mass-banging had occurred in the toothless old man's bamboo hut. Hey, wait a second-- Bamboo isn't naturally found in this part of South Africa! The plot thickens, the mystery solidifies...
Mannelich stumbled out of the hut they'd slept in, clanging his armour off the side of the doorframe. The hut fell apart, scattering branches and twigs everywhere. The leaves they'd used to tie together the branches flew away in a sudden breeze, immediately shrivelling to a dry, crispy state under the hot sunshine. He shrugged off the damage and started doing his morning push-ups. "One hundred of these bad-boys whilst in this suit of armour..." He grunted in exhaustion. "And I'll have such killer abs that Becky Blomwelder won't be able to deny me." He wiped away a drop of sweat rolling down his nose, keeping himself steady with one hand now. "And then I'll finally lose my virginity!"
Some children who had been watching him giggled into their hands, then ran off to go tell everyone they knew what the funny white man had said.
"No!" Mannelich shouted, picking himself up. "I-- I meant my anal virginity! Yeah! That's it!" He kicked the sand when he realized they'd seen through his lie. "Damn..."
"You're still a virgin?" said a voice from behind.
He turned to see Salazar, smirking amidst the destruction.
"You mean, you weren't in on the party?" The boy chuckled to himself.
"I don't kiss and tell," Mannelich retorted, grinning confidently.
"You've never had the opportunity." Salazar strutted off towards the smiling group of young black women, his blond hair blowing in the sudden breeze. "Ladies," he greeted them, which made them all blush and throw themselves at him.
"My nephew the stud." Shaking his head, Mannelich went over to wake Slimerius, but found him already wide awake. "Yo, Slimey. We better head out before Sally catches the syph."
The scientist nodded silently, throwing a hand up at Mannelich, requesting support in standing. "Had some rather bizarre dreams last night, Manny. Dreamt I was being probed by aliens, and that they'd decided they weren't fond of what my meagre human form had to offer, and I was screaming for them to try again, that I would do better. But alas, they went away in their ship. Never saw them again. Would've been nice to see them in greater detail, and for longer, so that I could draw a sketch of them upon waking. Never know. They may actually be out there... somewhere." Slimerius looked thoughtfully to the sky.
"Sorry, bro. I must've poked you a few times with my sword. Haha!" He gave his friend a good thump on the shoulder, knocked him off-kilter.
An old guy came wandering over to them. He had overworked hands, littered with so many knobs and callouses it was a wonder he could even move them. "You two wanna reach the Richtersveld?"
"Yes, that would be divine," Slimerius said. "And who, pray tell, might you be?"
The old man held out one ugly hand to each of them. "Richter. And this is my veld." He led them away from the demolished hut, spreading his arms and nodding proudly towards the wasteland yonder. Some dead-looking white-grey grass was growing from the cracked, parched earth. A few springbok -- they basically looked like gazelles -- were grazing on the grass, but even they found it revolting and barely edible. One took a dump and then ate it, preferring a hot meal over whatever the hell that grass was.
Mannelich studied the nothingness for about half a second. "So where's the cave, bro?"
"Out there." The old man pointed. Mannelich thought he could see a speck of something way over there. Might've just been a mirage, though. "Just keeping walking thataway. Eventually, you'll see these tracks in the dirt." He spread his arms out. "Like, two or three of these across. And also some huge footprints. Could eat your dinner in those footprints, you could." He laughed. "Matter of fact, I did. Oh, but I don't recommend it. Some vicious animals come out 'round dinnertime. Had to fight 'em off with my boot." He lifted his leg and showed them a boot with ugly, long-yellow-nailed toes poking out the front.
"Thanks for the tip, homey sapien."
"We truly appreciate your assistance," Slimerius added.
The old man waved his hand and then wandered off to go pull weeds from his veld.
"Pleasant fellow. Well, Manny, shall we embark on our quest? Where's my dear boy...?"
"Right here, Dad," Salazar said, suddenly popping up beside them, retying the string of his pants. He was beaming and the smile even reached his green eyes. "We heading out now?"
Mannelich unleashed a battle cry and roared out: "Onward and upward, dudes!" He thumped his chest and charged off in the direction the old man had pointed.
ii
A rowboat tore up the sand as it went rip-roaring across the southern tip of the African continent. A large, mysterious metal ship of some sort was docked up ahead. It reminded Dabba Doo of the ones in the stories. The ones piloted by the Others. Who came down and brought magik to the Madagascans. Never to return.
"Stop! Stop! Stop, you idiot!" he screamed as they nearly passed it by.
They stopped, throwing him forwards with such force that he experienced whiplash.
Rubbing the back of his neck, he stepped out and examined the ship, which was even larger up close. He ran a finger down its hull, could actually feel the psychedelic magik being given off, like static electricity clinging to clothing. "Who owns this ship...? Could it be... Them...?"
Abba Doo watched her evil brother analyze and ponder with his limited mental faculties. It was almost sad to watch. Then she remembered that she didn't like him, that he treated her like the children of trash -- so she smiled instead. It was like watching a rotting banana try to calculate the speed of sound.
Dabba turned and saw an old man toiling in a nearby field of desert-weeds. "You there! Old fart!"
The old man looked up from his work, peered around, aimed a thumb at his chest and came wandering over. "Yessir, what can I do for you? Come to see the Richtersveld?"
"Yes!" Abba said breathlessly. "Yes, we have. And the legend that comes with it!"
"Shut up, Slave," Dabba barked at her, giving her a backhand and a spiked boot to the butt. "Yes, old fart, we have. But first I would like to find out who owns this ship. Very intriguing design. Haven't seen anything like it for some time."
"Three adventurers like yourselves," the old man said happily. He indicated the direction they'd gone. "They went out in search of those caves, oh--" He looked up at the sun. "--two, three hours ago?"
"Thank you for your hospitality," Dabba said, taking out his topaz-tipped dagger and licking the edge of it with his forked tongue. "Now, I'm afraid it's time for you to die! Mwahahahahaha!"
"Uhhhh--" The old man raised his eyebrows and looked to Abba. She shrugged.
"Oh, right," Dabba said, and then he stabbed poor old man Richter with magik.
When the dark knight was done with him, Richter was a mere pile of yellow-white bones, nothing left to him for even the vultures to devour.
9: THE IDIOT TEST
i
"GOT some sand-rot, dudes," Mannelich said, wincing, as they all stopped to communally water some weeds.
While crossing streams, Salazar snuck a peak at his uncle's massive member. Not only was it possessing a head which looked quite capable of spitting venom and hissing, but it was also covered in white-yellow scabs and oozed a thick, runny off-white discharge. He shivered and nearly vomited -- a movement which had the unfortunate side effect of splashing piss all over his shoes. "Uncle Mannelich, what the hell happened to you?!"
"Sand-rot," Slimerius said, examining the infected organ with some kind of magnifying device. "It's a relatively harmless infection caused by grains of sand entering the urinary tract via the urethra, and also by prolonged irritation under the foreskin. It'll pus and bleed just a tad, but you'll be perfectly fine. Drink plenty of water so as to help facilitate the flushing of said sand grains, wash regularly... OH! And, oh, ho, ho, indeed! I do just so happen to have a special cream on my person, which I invented not too long ago -- never been tested on a case of sand-rot, but I'm ninety-nine percent positive it will work; one percent that it might cause the affected appendage to shrivel, die, and fall off -- which you may find beneficial for your delicate parts, dear Manny. Would you care to let me rub it in so we might try it out?"
"Uh, yeah, nah, bro. No, no. That's okay. I should be fine, bra. Nothin' a little water and a hand massage can't fix. Don't forget, dudeasaurs, these people have been dealing with sand-rot for, like, generations. It's perfectly fine."
"Yes, yes, but that's why they perform the rite known as circumcision! After all, in other Normal cultures, the Covenant with this divine being named 'God' was merely a fancy, manipulative way of saying 'thou shalt giveth to me thy foreskin, or forever feeleth a burning sensation when thou pee.' Not exactly words to live by, if you ask me. Science and psychomagik are far more preferable."
"So how'd you even get sand-rot, anyway?" Salazar asked, immediately regretting the question. But, since the words were out into the air, he continued: "I mean, you never take off your armour."
Mannelich looked away shyly. "Well, little Sally, I often like to meditate outdoors with my willy hanging out. Helps clear the mind and, uh, put me in tune with the planet. Reminds me of my calling as a hero. You know, whuppin' ass, takin' names, bangin' virgins. That sort of thing."
"Yeah, you know a lot about banging virgins," the boy said, snorting to himself and miming wank-related hand gestures.
Stroking his beard, Slimerius noticed a change had started occurring with his dear son. Something about the way he carried himself, this newfound sense of self-confidence and, dare he say it, arrogance. It was refreshing, to say the least, seeing as how that very morning the boy was knee-deep in a month-long weeping streak. Refreshing, indeed, to see young Salazar seemingly cured of the melancholy that had been plaguing him for so long. He shook loose a few clinging droplets, tied up his pantaloons and rejoined the other two.
They were making decent time. Though the landscape was relatively barren and the climate unforgiving, they quickly stumbled upon the unique tracks Richter had mentioned. Literally stumbled -- as Salazar tripped in one footprint and nearly chipped his two front teeth on the hard, solid ground. It was hilarious, believe me.
"Look, bros," Mannelich said, poking the tracks with his sword. At three-foot intervals, horizontal wavy lines went across the one-foot-deep depression. He sliced through the earth, cutting across one side of the belly-mark and reaching the other side. It was about twenty-five feet in diameter. Flanking each side of the belly-mark were huge, three-toed footprints, each of them five feet deep and both twenty inches wide and long. "Wonder how big its balls are, eh? Am I the only one?"
"Hmm, I, too, wonder such a thing," Slimerius said. "Ehm, from a purely academic perspective, of course. Hmm, hmm." He removed a device from his pocket and began punching at it with his finger. It was a primitive -- but highly advanced for the time, since, well, they didn't even have electricity in the Dark Ages -- version of our modern computer. He lowered the device to the footprints and held it there for a moment.
"Whatcha doin', Slimey? Taking some pictures?" Mannelich looked confused for a moment. "Wait-- What the hell're pictures?" Oops.
Slimerius lifted the device, typed on it some more, nodded with satisfaction. "According to my little invention here, the grootslang's testicles are -- roughly calculated, of course -- as big as your skull, Manny. And that's merely the size of one. According to my database, they have nine, three of which are located within the body."
"Woah! Bro... I dunno about you two dudes, but I'm feeling pretty, uh, emasculated. Is that the word?"
Slimerius nodded, put the device away. Noticed it was just the two of them. He looked around, worrying.
"You two coming?" Salazar called out from way up ahead, looking back at them. He waved for them to hurry the hell up, turned and kept walking.
ii
THERE they were. The three adventurers. Getting smaller by the second.
Abba Doo thought they should move faster. Her brother's clunky armour was slowing them down.
Dabba Doo said: "Hurry up, Slave! We must quicken our pace!"
iii
INSIDE the cave.
They'd made it.
Stalagmites hung from above, stalactites rose from below -- or was it the other way around? Who cares. The point is, that damn darkened cave looked like a large, and rather predatory, animal's mouth, with sharpened teeth jutting out every which way of the Earth's gaping maw. Salazar had nearly impaled himself on one when he'd slipped and almost fallen off the edge of a rockface. Mannelich had shone a light from his sword's Psych Stone, showing the boy exactly what he'd have sticking up his rear end and coming out his face if he would've fallen into the murk.
"That would be a wound that probably wouldn't heal, little dude," Mannelich told him. "You'd have a super-killer scar, though. Probably get you loads of babes. Maybe not hot babes..." He waggled his eyebrows and grinned crazily. "But still, bro: babes."
Salazar nodded, gulping down his fear and dabbing at the wet spot on his trousers.
"Sound good, Sally? Want me to push you--?"
"Such strange markings on this wall," Slimerius said from the far end of the cave. "If I'm not mistaken, I believe this is an archaic form of Elhulu. Very old." He ran his finger up and down the precisely-chiseled stonework.
Mannelich and Salazar went over to him. They saw weird lines slashed into the rock with such precision that it must've been done with either magik, or advanced technology, or both. There were also hieroglyphics on display -- and other, less-uniform pictographs, too -- but they weren't carved as exactly, and also appeared to be more recent.
"What does it mean?" Mannelich asked, trying to read the writing. He tilted his head to the side, stood upside-down and even squinted. No dice. Try giving your head a good thonk. Nope, nothing.
Salazar shook his head in embarrassment. "Can you even read, Uncle Mannelich? It obviously says that only the wise should enter this infernal place, for there is a dark, deadly, dangerous creature that roams these realms, stalking the tomb in which it resides, watching and waiting for the foolish and the idiotic to stumble upon its twisted little secrets, and that only despair and damnation lie on the other side of this barrier. Enter at your own risk, mortal."
Slimerius ruffled his son's hair. "That's my boy! We'll make an historian out of you, yet!"
"So how do we get in, dudes?" Mannelich asked, after delivering -- to no effect -- a flurry of Dutch Uncle Punches, Haarlem High-Kicks and Amsterdam Body-Slams to the engraved wall. He readied his sword. "Can I stab it?"
Slimerius prodded an out-of-true rock with his finger. The wall opened inward, making loud clicking sounds, like it was attached to a mechanized system of gears. He went into the chamber beyond, Salazar following.
Mannelich did a few chops, thrusts and slashes to what was evidently a door. Just for fun, and to say he did. Then he went in with the others.
iv
THE chamber wasn't too large. Actually, it was quite small. About as cramped as your good-for-nothing son's room, what with all the useless crud he's got lying around; that stuff you kick and trip over just to smack him upside the head, before telling him to clean the goddamn place up: guitar amps, guitars, books, CDs, stolen TVs, PlayStations, Xboxes, GameBoys, GameGirls, GameThings, video games for each respective system, drugs, guns, money, prostitutes he's pimping out, prostitutes he can't get away from, dead bodies he's got stashed under the bed, stuffed Bigfeet and other supposedly-fake creatures -- you name it, he's got it.
Where were we?
Oh, yeah, it was cramped in that part of the cave. There was just a cylindrical silver thing coming out of the cave's floor. It was a terminal. There were buttons on it. You press them. Then stuff happens. Get it? Got it? Good.
Slimerius nodded, smiling to himself. "Interesting," he said. He pushed one of the buttons, the one labelled PUSH ME.
A translucent blue mist swirled up out of the terminal's port, positioned top-centre, curling smoke, coiling tendrils-- STOP THAT!
Lips sucking on the port, Mannelich's eyes shot up towards the ceiling, the terminal's blue mist steaming from his mouth. He let it all come out. "Sorry, boss." He backed away. "Keep on narrating, dude."
Thank you. Now, where was I?
A translucent blue mist swirled up out of the terminal's port, positioned top-centre, curling smoke, coiling tendrils as a shape began to develop.
"Cool light show! Smoke 'em if you've got 'em, dudes." Mannelich whipped out a joint of warranon -- a psychoactive substance he'd acquired from the Elhu; space-weed, basically -- produced a flame from the tip of his sword, lit it up, and smoked it.
The blue mist took the form of a person, miniature but properly proportioned. "Greetings," the little person said cheerfully.
Slimerius started rocking back and forth, foaming at the mouth in excitement. "It seems to be some kind of... holographic image! My, my! I thought something such as this was possible, but I never dreamed I would see it in my lifetime! This breaks everything I know about the world! If I could only take this machine apart, study its inner workings..."
The hologram continued: "It is my pleasure to serve you. Would you please state your names."
"Keuvelaar Slimerius Salazar Sikkerwihn." He gave his son a pat on the back.
"Er-- Salazar Selverteich Sikkerwihn."
Mannelich stepped forward and roared at the hologram. He laughed quite hard afterward, sucked down his joint.
"Very well," the hologram said. "Welcome, Keuvelaar Slimerius Salazar Sikkerwihn, Er-- Salazar Selverteich Sikkerwihn, and AROOOOOOORAAAAGHA Hehehe-Ahahaha. I see this is your first visit to the sanctuary. Allow me to explain the rules. As an assurance that you are not idiots, and thus a harm to this fascinating creature beyond, I will ask you but one question. Think of this as an Idiot Test. If you answer this question wrong, you will be castrated and then a giant boulder will fall from above, crushing you to so much mush, much to the benefit of your species. Are we clear?"
"Yes," Slimerius said, rubbing his hands together. He turned around. "Ehm, Manny, why don't you sit this one out?"
"Yeah, Slimey, bro. You've got the brain," he said, lighting another joint.
"You need to breathe me," the hologram said, "for if you do not, you will die. What am I?"
"Hmmm." Slimerius stroked his beard. "May we deliberate together before answering?"
"Yes. Take all the time you need. I have nothing but time. Ha. Ha. Ha."
The three huddled together.
"What's the problem, dudes? It's air."
"No, no, that's far too simple. I am thinking the answer is oxygen, as that is what we truly need to breathe. But it very well could be nitrogen, as that makes up the majority of what we breathe. But perhaps this hologram wishes to know the exact elemental ratio of our breathable atmosphere...?"
"I dunno, Dad. Maybe Uncle Mannelich is right. It's an Idiot Test, after all. Gotta keep it simple."
"I really do not wish to be castrated... Or crushed."
"Air, dudes. I'm tellin' you the answer is air. Let's go with air."
"Fine, fine..." Slimerius faced the terminal. He sighed. "Very well. The answer to your question is: Air." He reflexively flinched and looked up, holding his hands over his head to shrug off any giant, falling boulders.
"Correct," the hologram said cheerfully. "Enjoy your stay within our sanctuary, Keuvelaar Slimerius Salazar Sikkerwihn, Er-- Salazar Selverteich Sikkerwihn, and AROOOOOOORAAAAGHA Hehehe-Ahahaha. And please, do not feed the animal."
A portion of the wall ahead opened inwardly.
The trio cheered. There was much whooping, grunting and high-tens emitted, given and/or passed around. They went as one unit into the grootslang's lair.
10: THE GROOTSLANG OF RICHTERSVELD
i
THERE it was: the grootslang, sitting there on a bed of green peat moss, a massive creature curled up in a ball, sleeping with one shockingly red eye wide open. It sensed their movement and billowed its large elephant ears, making them stick out in a defensive attempt at appearing even bigger. It uncoiled its incredibly long body, stood up on its four powerful legs, revealing a serpent's tail that didn't so much as switch left and right as it did swing.
"It's beautiful," Slimerius said, awed by the sight.
"Makes me want to smoke another one, it's so pretty," Mannelich added, swishing his sword to quickly roll another one up.
Salazar felt something in him -- call it instinct, call it a calling -- and he approached the grootslang, being dwarfed by its immense size to such a degree that he barely reached its swaying elephant's trunk. He reached out, hissing like a snake, and gently stroked the creature's yellowed tusks, ran a finger down its wrinkled green trunk.
Both of its red eyes were on him now, looking at him. In those vertically-aligned golden pupils, he saw a wisdom, a friend. He hissed again, speaking its language. It hissed back.
"What's he saying?" Mannelich asked. "Need some subtitles."
"You know we can't afford those. He's telling it to not be afraid," Slimerius told him. "I had no idea he had the gift to speak to animals. He's certainly never done it in my presence. This completely changes our understanding of psychedelic magik, ability and genetic predisposition!"
The grootslang lowered its trunk, brought it to Salazar's face, sniffed him, and then gave him a slobbery kiss on the forehead.
The boy smiled, turned to his father. "I'm gonna name him Hisses."
"Not something totally badass, like Killmaster? Or Deathbringer?"
"No, Uncle Mannelich. Hisses. He likes it, too."
Which Hisses the grootslang definitely did, as he had begun to affectionately head-bump young Salazar.
The door opened behind them.
"Well, isn't this cute," a man's voice said. "Prepare to die."
ii
THE trio spun around. They saw a short guy wearing rusty armour but no helmet, wielding a wimpy little dagger; and a girl dressed in rags who looked crestfallen, staring down at her own bare feet.
"Who the hell are you, dude?" Mannelich asked, swinging around his longsword, sizing up the intruder, sizing up the puny knife.
"My name is Dabba Doo, and I've come to kill you all and steal that monster for my own sick and depraved purposes!"
"Cool story, bro. Say, you got any warranon you can sell me? I've just got these roaches, but I'd rather save them up so I can roll a generation joint!"
"Who's the young lady behind you? Does she have a name?" Slimerius asked.
"Her name is Slave and she is my sister," Dabba said.
"My... My name is Abba Doo," the young lady in rags said, her voice soft at first but gaining strength. "And I am tired of this game!"
"Shut your mouth, Slave!" Dabba yelled over his shoulder. "Or I will remove your eyes and shove them so far up your rear that you will beg me to disembowel you, if only so you can enjoy the pleasure of a different sight!" He looked at Mannelich, didn't like the shiny armour he wore, felt jealous of it, wanted it for himself, thought it would make him beautiful. "Now, it's time for you to die--!" He'd raised his dagger and slit his own throat with it, choking on the word "die," blood spilling and spraying from his new airhole, painting his ancient armour a snappy-looking red. He collapsed in the sand, deader than the dirt -- which was actually quite alive, given the innumerable amounts of bacteria, fungi, and tiny animals calling it their home. They would soon call him home, too.
Abba grinned at the fresh corpse, then laughed high and haughty. Any meekness to her, any sadness -- it was gone. She proceeded to viciously kick and stomp her brother's dead but heavily-armoured body. "Finally," she said, wiping snot from her nose and sweat from her forehead. "For too long I have been manipulating his mind for the fun of it, making my dimwitted brother believe that he was controlling me! AHAHAHA! But, no! It was I who controlled him!"
"You're a cold-hearted bitch, dude." Mannelich shook his head at the severely-beaten body. It had suffered a lot more than a throat-slash by now.
"Yes, I am," she said proudly. "Now, give me the grootslang or I will be forced to really kill you violently."
"You'll never take Hisses!" Salazar shouted, putting an arm around the creature, or trying to, anyway.
"Then we shall fight," Abba said, picking up the dagger she'd made her brother commit suicide with. She licked the blood and the dirt off it, wiggled her eyebrows at the others. "Who wants to die first?"
Slimerius stepped forward. "Allow me the chance to test this device I've invented... Please?"
"Certainly."
The scientist pulled out a six-inch-long metallic object. It looked like a modern dildo, but with buttons on the side. He held it away from himself, upright. He pushed a button and a green beam of magik shot out the top of it. The walls around them glowed with the green light it produced. "I call it the Light Subatomic Beam Electron Regulator. Or, for short: the Light-SABER."
Mannelich rushed over to take a closer look. "Dude, Slimey, that thing is sooo freakin' awesome! Can I get one!? Pleeeeeease?"
"Of course, Manny. In fact, I've already made one for you. It's back in my lab, however."
"Enough!" Abba started towards the trio, waving the dagger around, about to perform a spell.
Hisses stomped forward, letting out a high-pitched, trumpeting sound from his trunk. It sounded like a baby crying/screaming. Pretty grating stuff.
Abba shrieked in terror. Pretty grating stuff.
Hisses swallowed her whole, then spat out the parts he and his second set of esophageal jaws didn't particularly like.
The three all laughed together, then said, "Aw."
11: THE END...?
i
THE Elhu had brought him to Mars Mountain, where the school was being built. Though the Normals would one day believe Mars to be an inhospitable wasteland -- a place that may have once resembled Earth -- this was a lie, a clever bit of psychedelic magik concocted by the Elhu themselves to provide the Psychomagi a place to call their own. The Mars the Normals would see and visit was a different Mars, a parallel one.
The Normals War, the scars from which had only begun to heal, was still fresh in everyone's mind. Conflicts would only continue if things stayed as they were.
"So, dude," Mannelich said, staring at the construction taking place. Elhu used their minds to place the strongest of magikally-strengthened metals, building the school, floor by floor, piece by piece, under Olympus Mons: the tallest of Mars' mountains. "You're saying that we're moving? Do we have to? I was kinda, like, totally digging Earth, y'know?"
"It is recommended," the Elhu named Godrean said in his deep voice. The Elhu were practically indistinguishable from humans, simply looking like seven-foot-tall white men. "Obviously we will not force you, but it really is not safe for your kind on Earth. The Normals have their own history to create, their own fated future, their own destiny to design."
"And what about them-- What do you call 'em-- The Wandwalkers?"
"They will remain on Earth, but will live within their own magikally-cordoned realm."
Mannelich nodded, thinking he understood. "You got any warranon, bro?"
ii
DAD was inventing more things in his lab, so Salazar thought he would go to the fen and visit Hisses. The marshland wasn't too far from home, just a short hike through some muddy patches and he would be there. Unfortunately, however, he would also have to pass a Normal castle town. He'd been doing it quite a bit lately -- Hisses couldn't live with him at home -- and some of the Normal boys his own age had been getting rather unpleasant, calling him rude names.
So Salazar grabbed his wand -- which Dad had had fashioned for him, if they were to truly blend in amongst the Wandwalkers -- and headed off.
Soon enough, the huge castle of King Shitbag the Second loomed on the horizon. He gulped down his anxiety and tried to look determined as he went past a weeping woman failing to sell her fellow villagers stale bread. She only wept more when he declined her free samples.
Salazar didn't notice the Normal boys crack their knuckles and start to follow him into the swamp, cruisin' for a bruisin'.
He made his way through the fen, pushing aside reeds of cattails. He was glad he had a pair of boots imbued with waterproofing magik. He found Hisses munching on a deer. The grootslang trumpeted happily upon seeing him. Then they both hissed to each other, starting a conversation.
"Wh-What the hell is that, nutbar!?"
Salazar turned around and saw them. Three Normal boys from King Shitbag's village. They were backing away, too scared to run.
They couldn't go back home, not after having seen Hisses. The other Normals would come and kill him.
Salazar did what he had to.
He hissed to the grootslang: "Hisses, kill!"


The Robo-Bands Have Risen

1
DAVIN MacGillicunty—heartthrob to millions of squealing, dazed and confused middle-aged ladies—looked at his huge audience of red-in-the-face women wringing their saucer hats as they struggled to stand. He smirked, knowing how easily he could get into the frilly lace drawers of all these rich, snooty babes, then said with a wink: "This next number is for all you beautiful women out there, and what perfection it would be to make sweet endless love to you."
As expected (and calculated by his manager), a high-pitched din rippled throughout the concertgoers, starting from one shrill dame in the centre—who quickly fell unconscious, due to the phenomenon officially known as 'Cunty-Mania'—and spreading outward from lass to lass.
Good thing Dav had earplugs. The ladies who did not would be experiencing a permanent damage to their hearing, which they'd first become aware of tomorrow at work. He turned away from the girls going gaga and faced the rest of the band—Tes-Locket Of My Heart—and asked, "What's the next song?"
Seth Hardehar—drums—shrugged and jammed a drum stick deep into his ear, digging for sweet golden ear-honey. Dav knew the fool would eventually hit his brain and die, probably during a concert, too... Hell, maybe even during a drum solo. Wouldn't that be a blessing.
Colm O'Danger (real name: O'Brien)—bass—lit up a Tes-Smoke and tried to look cool, blowing two streams of water vapour through his nostrils and frantically stroking his long-necked bass guitar. Evidently he succeeded, as a black brassiere landed on top of his head. He took a whiff of it and then shoved it down his pants, an act which was followed by a million simultaneous shrieks of lusty longing.
Tarston MacGillicunty—guitar—was too busy fooling with his fancy set of pedals to notice Dav had forgotten the setlist. He pushed up his eyeglasses (Tes-Tacles: revolutionary for their electric-powered lenses, capable of altering the prescriptions on the fly to suit the ever-changing eyes) and stomped on the flanger pedal.
None of those guys were any help at all. It was Tes-Locket Of My Heart's dancer—Dick 'Smoky' Dangles—who was the saviour of the show. He nodded coolly at Dav and mouthed, "Lick My Tesla Coil, Doll-Face."
Ah, that's right. "Licky Surprise," as he and the boys colloquially called it. Dav turned around to face the crowd and popped his collar. "Anyone want... a jolt!?" He violently jerked his arms around, like he'd been shocked.
The crowd shouted that they did in fact want a jolt.
"Then... LICK MY TESLA COIL, DOLL-FACE!"
Screams rumbled the stadium walls upon hearing those words. The song was a hit. It had topped the charts for two years straight, only to be pushed aside for another Tes-Locket Of My Heart song: Electrified By Love. They had a theme going.
The first two flanger-laden power chords were punched out, the bass began bouncing around in a kaleidoscopic groove, a series of tom-tom barks led to snare rolls and cymbal crashes, and Smoky started his routine of erotic pelvic thrusts directed at the faces of those in the front row. Before any words were crooned by Dav, a mosh pit opened in the middle of the audience and a dozen ladies linked arms and safely spun around in circles.
Yeah, this was a good crowd of worshippers, alright. Dav jumped high into the air as he let out an ear-piercing little-girl scream, landing in a split. Since his microphone—and all the equipment the band used—was wireless, he sung the song's first verse while still on the stage's floor. "Feel that lightning runnin' through your veins! Let my rod electrify and grab your reins! Baby, that's my coil, sendin' jolts all down your tongue! Baby, that's my Tesla coil, so lick it while the night is young!"
Dav shot up and rolled in between Smoky's legs, anticipating Tarston's slide-guitar climax and the proceeding chorus. He went over and rested his head on Colm's shoulder, while Colm jerked-off the bass guitar and sucked his Tes-Smoke. The light show flashed between shades of shocking-blues and electric-yellows, all a lead-up to the white fire of the chorus. Seth's drum fill came, and that was Dav's cue. He jumped back to centre stage and looked into the eyes of the girl right in front of him, white light exploding out and revealing them to be a dark-brown.
The crowd was with him on this one. The stadium sang as one unit, with Dav still managing to overpower the million-plus female voices. "LICK MY COIL! LICK MY TESLA COIL! YEAH, LICK MY COIL THE WAY I KNOW YOU WANT TO! LICK MY TESLA COIL! DOLL-FACE!"
Tarston scattered a fractured sequence of slides and power chords, bringing it all back to the verse riff.
Dav was ready to belt out the second verse—his personal favourite—but that never happened.
The power suddenly cut out. The stage went black. All the music stopped—except for the bombastic pounding of Seth's drums, who was so 'in the zone' that it took him ten seconds to realize everybody else had stopped playing. The crowd roared their disapproval, but nobody roared louder than Dav—even with his microphone turned off.
A choppy noise—a sort of whirr—came from the open-air roof. Heads looked up to catch a glimpse of whatever this coming menace was. Some asked each other if it was all a part of the show. Dav could certainly tell them that this hadn't been planned—and if it was, he hadn't been told about it.
Bulky rectangular robots with propellers on their crowns descended into the stadium, their square faces of metal lit with reds and greens: lifeless eyes and goofy smiles. Dav stepped back as the robots landed on the stage, lighting it up with the spotlights on their chests. One grabbed Tarston's guitar and smashed it over its own head. Another tried the same maneuver with Colm's bass, but instead received a flurry of blows with said bass—the end result was the same, as the bass broke in two pieces. A third went and knocked over Seth's drum set.
"Who the hell are you freaks!?" Dav shouted into the tallest robot's face.
The tallest robot, and thus the leader of the crew, slowly turned to the confused audience. "We. Are the. New. And. Improved. Tes-Locket. Of. My Heart."
The crowd didn't know whether to cheer or boo. They settled on a mixture of both.
"New and impr—!?" Dav almost had a stroke. Rather than finish that sentence, he instead aimed a fist and let it fly straight for the back of the leader-bot's head.
Dav immediately regretted it. The pain went through his arm like... well, like electricity, and all his fingers broke. The robot didn't feel a thing, as robots can't yet feel things (though the scientists and engineers are working on that; you better believe it).
With his fingers limp, the skin torn and bleeding profusely, Dav joined his mates off at the side of the stage. The lights came on once again. They watched as the robots—there were five of them—lined up and emitted from their speakers the crisp sound of music.
The boys' own music. Played better than they could ever hope to achieve. Their jaws all dropped and, much to their own chagrin, the crowd went wild.
Leader-Bot, who spoke in the monotone of a moron but sung like an altar boy, quickly won the women over with a falsetto Dav never had (or would have).
The robots even had their own dancer. Smoky couldn't help but make antagonistic comments, as his own ego was crushed with every pelvic thrust the dancer-bot seamlessly synchronized with the music.
Dav shook his head and licked some blood off his knuckles. "Come on, guys. Let's go pay a visit to Johnny."
The five former members of Tes-Locket Of My Heart lurched off backstage, feeling logy and useless. Playing in a world-famous shock band was the only thing they knew and were good at. Now that they'd been replaced by robots, what else were they to do?

2
JOHNNY St. Cool—world-renowned shock band manager and producer—patted his ample gut, removed the Tes-Stimulator from his balls and lit-up a very-illegal cigar. Tesla thought His citizens didn't need drugs, that they were poisons. Johnny thought differently, and since he was wealthy, he could do pretty much whatever he wanted—aside from shoving an old defenceless lady down a flight of stairs and shagging her corpse, right then and there, while people watched the whole spectacle in abject horror, whispering to each other that this man was sick and depraved and perverted to the max. Yeah, he was into that.
Life was good. The boys were being replaced—he checked his expensive Tes-Timepiece for the time—right that very second, assuming the robots stuck to the plan. He chuckled merrily to himself. Robots always stuck to the plan. It was in their programming... which they could not, under any circumstances, disobey. A little 'rich wise-ass' joke of his. A real crowd-pleaser at the debaucherous dinner parties he threw at one of his mansions on one of his islands.
Puffing in the illicit, carcinogenic cigar smoke, he blew it out in thick, pungent clouds and eyed the also-very-illegal white powder in front of him. He set the cigar down in one of the notches of his crystal ashtray. Back to the blow. That heavenly dust was too good to pass up. He snorted a line off his desk and pulled out his gun, deciding just then that it could use a good polishing. A brilliant idea, he thought as he sniffled and rubbed his nostrils.
Ah, the Tes-Tamento-Destructo X920. Manufactured by the Tesla Company just last month. It possessed a sleek, aerodynamic design, just in case you needed to run and gun at the same time. Nothing worse than a gun that slowed you down while you were trying to kill things. It was coloured a cool-blue, from the grip to the tip of the barrel, and had three golden-yellow rings positioned evenly down the length of the barrel. When the trigger was pulled, the rings would crackle with electricity arcing between them. And then, of course, the blast of lightning would fire out—
A bolt of electricity jolted past Johnny's head, nearly taking his fat, red, white-powdered nose with it. It hit the wall, caught a high-priced painting alight and the painting of a woman eating dirt was quickly burnt to ashes.
"Damn!" Johnny yelled. "That sophisticated piece was one of a kind!" He snorted a line. Blow always took away the sting of a sudden misfortune.
Like every piece of technology in the Society of Teslandia, the X920 was powered by electricity that came from massive towers positioned on the world's peak electromagnetic regions, siphoning the energy and converting it to usable electricity, where it was then wirelessly transmitted into all the world's devices.
Johnny didn't quite grasp the science behind it—technical terms and all that crap—but, then again, he didn't really care. Now, blow—that he cared for. He snorted another line. Woooweee. Good stuff.
While feeling that last line coursing through his bloodstream—making his heart thunder and bounce along like the rhythm section of the shock bands he managed—Johnny heard a knock at his door. He panicked. One more white-powder road of blow sat there on his desk. His eyes went from the blow to the door. The blow or the door. Which to attend to first? Like any proper addict would do—the door be damned—Johnny St. Cool plugged one nostril and, using the other, vacuumed up the last line of powder.
Immediately after that final farewell of a snort, he knew he'd made a huge mistake.
Too much blow for one rodeo.
He couldn't breathe. His heart was still hammering away, going faster and faster and faster and faster, and, damnit, why won't that fool stop knocking on that door!? Beads of sweat dropped from his forehead and armpits and even the crack of his ass like a bloody monsoon after a too-long drought. Johnny slid lower in his chair, feeling paralyzed and afraid, his head throbbing so hard he could see his own heartbeat in his vision. His chest was aching and a pain had shot down his left arm, which grew more numb as the seconds ticked by. He lost his grip on the X920. It dropped and clattered on the floor. His arms pistoned out, knocking the massager and the ashtray off the desk. The latter shattered, spilling ash and shards of crystal everywhere. The cigar, no longer burning, remained in the middle of the mess.
Now, whoever was on the other side of that door was slamming their body against it. Every heavy thud against the door resonated as a pounding in Johnny's mind. He tried to cry out; tried to call for help; tried to tell whoever it was that the door was unlocked, that all they had to do was simply turn the knob.
And then he found that last thought to be funny. And though his lungs were utterly drained of oxygen and he couldn't even laugh, he could still smile. And smile Johnny St. Cool did, as he collapsed out of his chair and landed on the floor, contorted and dead. Smiling, and at peace.
For the first time in his life in a long, long while, Johnny St. Cool had achieved a high unattainable through drugs.

3
"READY?" Dav asked Seth, who nodded and smacked his own head for inspiration. "One... two... three!"
Seth charged forwards, like a bull without horns or bull-like genitalia, and smashed headfirst into the door of Johnny's office. Despite the sickening crunch, it didn't work like they'd planned. Falling to the floor and yelling out in pain, Seth had only given himself a headache and a nasty bump that was already beginning to form.
Tarston rolled his eyes and pushed up his glasses. "Uh, you guys? How about trying the doorknob?"
"Yeah, you knobs." Colm snorted at his own joke and booted Seth out of the way. Bassists and drummers did not get along, despite—or maybe because of—the fact that they were both responsible for the skeleton of the song. The rhythmic spine, if you will.
Could it really have been that simple? Dav watched Colm simply turn the doorknob, who then raised his eyebrows and sneered at the rest of the band when the door swung open.
The boys looked around the room. From where they were standing, it seemed vacant and completely normal—but they'd clearly heard a ruckus going on inside, before the sudden eerie silence.
It was Tarston who noticed the fragments of glass on the floor, beside the desk, along with a Tes-Stimulator massaging device. "Look, guys," he said, pointing out the mess.
Colm sniffed the Tes-Stimulator. "Cherry-flavoured lipstick, maybe?" He tossed it aside, where it flopped and jiggled. "A cigar, too," he said with awe, his eyes practically glowing green with envy. "Even we can't smoke these, man." He picked it up, wiped off the sucking-end on his shirt and gave the smoking-end a twist. A series of internal processes engaged, and the cigar was rekindled via electricity. He puffed on it and was reduced to a coughing and sputtering fit. "Man, this tastes like the cat's ass, man!"
"Is that a good thing?" Smoky asked.
"Eh, give me a taste, man," Seth said, holding out his hand. He still looked a bit dazed from the head trauma.
Colm gave his head a shake. "Man, why not just go and kiss me, eh?"
"Guys!" Dav shouted. He was pointing at the body behind the desk. "It's Johnny. He's dead."
"Dead!?" Smoky rushed over. "As in, 'no longer among the living' dead? Like, 'entering the eternal gates of damnation' dead?" He saw the grinning corpse and covered his eyes, shoulders slumping. "Oh, Tesla..." He had always liked Johnny St. Cool. The guy had had personality oozing out his ass. Once upon a time, Johnny had even been Smoky's mentor, teaching him a number of erotic dance moves that he still used to this very day.
The others came over for a look.
"Oh, damn," Colm said. His face was contorted, as he was still trying (and failing) to enjoy the disgusting cigar. "Looks like he had a happy ending that was, perhaps, just a smidgen too happy."
Seth slugged him on the arm. "Come on, man, don't joke about the deceased."
"I can joke about whoever I want, bud! Besides, corpses can't feel sad or ashamed."
"Did someone murder him, you think?" Tarston asked.
"They would have had a hard time getting out," Dav replied, "without being seen by us."
"Suicide, then?" Smoky asked, wiping his eyes.
"Why would Johnny kill himself, man?" Colm asked, suddenly feeling angry at the very thought. "The guy had it all. Women, cigars, women, money, women, more women."
They all pondered for a moment the circumstances that might've led to their manager's untimely demise.
"Maybe it wasn't on purpose," Dav ventured.
"Like," Colm started, trying to picture the scene Dav was setting, "he just died coincidentally when we were trying to get in and see him?"
"Exactly."
Colm bent down and examined Johnny's corpse. There was some white residue in and around the man's nostrils. Finding it curious—and also wondering if the legends of the white gold could be true—he wiped a finger along the outside of one nostril. He whistled for Seth, the ever-obedient guinea pig/drummer, to come over and have a hoot. Seth flared his nostrils and Colm jammed his finger into one, just past the first knuckle, and only for a moment.
The drummer sneezed and immediately started rubbing his eyes.
"Then it's true..." Colm wiped the other nostril and snorted the powder. "White gold does exist!"
"There's also this," Dav said, picking up the gun and holding it by two fingers at the grip, like he was afraid it could go off at any second and vaporize him. "Think he did it with this?"
"Nah, dimwit." Colm took the gun away from Dav. "I take it you've never used one?"
"Nope."
The others shook their heads, too.
"Well," Colm said, aiming it at Seth, who was spacing out, "it looks like a new model of the Tes-Tamento-Destructo X-series. These things reduce a person to ash." He cocked his thumb back at the pile of grey-black ash in the corner. "Like that. Or like this."
Before Seth had any idea the band's bassist was about to kill him—for the past few years, he'd been experiencing what he thought were mere paranoid delusions; turns out they'd been correct—Colm pulled the trigger. The rings sparked for a second, and the electricity blasted out like lightning.
The others didn't even have time to blink. Their eyes were tattooed with the off-colour ghost of the lightning bolt.
Seth certainly didn't have time to say his prayers and get himself back into the good graces of Oh Lord Tesla. Instead, he shook and spasmed. Vile-smelling black smoke jetted from his ears and nostrils and mouth (and a couple other places, too). A fire burned in his eyes for only a second, before they popped like bubbles and ran down his cheeks like hot glue.
But all that only happened in a few moments.
By the time the others had time to even consider what they were seeing, Seth was just a pile of ashes on the floor.
"Dude!" Dav cried, extending a hand and sifting through the hot ashes, looking for a tooth fragment or even a stray pube—evidence of his old friend. "Why'd you kill him!"
"Not cool, Colm," Smoky said, shaking his head.
"You could've asked first," Tarston said quietly.
"Whatever." Colm shrugged. "Dude was gunning for me, man. I would've turned up dead tomorrow in a car crash or something. Guaranteed."
"Maybe you should stop going two-fifty in a forty zone, dumb—" Dav said, but his life lesson was abruptly cut short.
The phone was ringing.
"What do we do?" Smoky asked, dancing from foot to foot. Definitely not erotically. "Do we answer it? Should we?"
But Colm already had it on speakerphone. "Hello?"
A woman answered: "Johnny! You sound different. It's Velma Shapiro."
Dav jumped in, his voice lowered to better match St. Cool's. "Velma, baby!"
Velma let out a husky giggle. Success. "Johnny, you bum. I just saw the live footage. All went as planned, buddy-boy. Have the boys come to see you yet?"
"Boys?" Dav asked.
"Hahaha! Forgot about them already, did you, Johnny? The former members of Tes-Locket Of My Heart, of course!"
"Yeah," Dav said, keeping his emotions in check, "just sent them packing. They weren't too happy."
"Neither are the others, Johnny. But that goes with the territory of replacing egomaniacs, doesn't it? Eh? Eh? Johnny? Still there?"
"Yeah. Who are the others again?"
"That blow frying your brain, Johnny? If I've told you once, I've told you twice... Turn to TH1."
Tarston went and turned on the TV located in the corner of the room, flipping through the channels until he reached TH1.
The boys didn't have to try hard to keep themselves quiet. They were at a loss for words.
"The robo-bands have risen!" Velma shouted through the phone, cackling mad laughter. "Love ya, Johnny! We did good! Buh-bye, babe."
The speaker made a clicking sound, indicating that Velma had disconnected.
"Shite," Dav mumbled, staring slack-jawed at the screen.

4
A scene of chaos unfolds across the screen.
Rioters scream in the streets, calling for the blood of robots and a return of bands fronted by actual human beings. They make their own brand of military marching music: foot-stomping, pot-banging and war-crying. Their message? Death to the machine.
Looters use the carnage to their advantage, smashing storefront windows and taking anything not bolted down or too heavy to carry. Ruffians emerge from various shops, holding Tes-Revolution music boxes and even bins of fluoridated toothpaste. Literally anything they can grab—gone-zo and goodbye.
Punk-ass teenagers flock together and flip cars, getting high on the idea of "sticking it to The Man." Little do they know (or care) that the damage they are doing affects regular, hard-working people just like their parents. Actually, maybe that's the exact reason why they're terrorizing their own neighbourhood.
The police—fully equipped with Tes-Stunners and outdated Tes-Tamento-Destructo X-series models—are clad in riot gear, using their electrified shields to push the worst malcontents back to a small and safe little corner, where they can whale on them without being disturbed. The true rebels are reduced to piles of ash—quick, clean and easy.
The footage sorts through numerous cities throughout the Society of Teslandia. All are in this same state of emergency and reckless abandon.
Cut back to the newsroom. Two stone-faced news anchors stare soullessly into the camera. The man wears a ponytail—truly revolutionary for the time—just like the woman. They could pass for an ugly pair of twins, if they wore the same type of makeup and coordinated their clothing a little better.
"Today's top story," the man begins, "and what we, here at TH1, will be covering for the foreseeable future—live and unedited."
"That's right, Tom," the woman adds, glancing at him for a second before returning to the camera for more soul-sucking. "Numerous world-famous shock bands across the globe have all played victim to simultaneous coups, just ten minutes or so ago. Robots have replaced these respected and highly sought-after—romantically, that is—musically talented men—"
"And during concerts, no less, Shiela!" Tom interjects.
"That's right, Tom," Shiela says. "We saw it with the number-one, chart-topping, award-winning Tes-Locket Of My Heart, arguably the most popular band of the bunch. While playing their hit single and fan-favourite, 'Lick My Tesla Coil, Doll-Face', the stadium went dark and robots descended to the stage, before proceeding to take over."
"Some even wondered if this wasn't some sort of elaborate, concert-exclusive event!" Tom grins. "But they weren't the only band to find themselves suddenly without a gig! At a concert in Bangor, while playing 'Electric Rumble In My Bumble', Tower Up My Power found themselves a casualty to a similar robotic invasion."
Shiela nods. "And in Berlin, after arriving fashionably late as always, Magnetic Love Field Patrol hadn't even started playing when the robots arrived to kick the band off the stage."
Tom indicates the screen behind, which still shows more urban insanity, and it doesn't seem to be anywhere close to letting up. "As you can see, the world is stark raving mad. The disapproval of these recent events is practically palpable. People are making their feelings known in the only way they know how. The question is: Where did these music-playing robots come from? Why are they here? And is there some greater conspiracy at work?"
"Time will tell, Tom," Shiela says sagely.
"It certainly will, Sh—" Tom never completes his response, as he spots the unthinkable.
Two robots emerge from off-camera, on both sides of the newsroom. One wears pancake makeup, pink blush and a dress just like Shiela's. The other wears an exact replica of Tom's suit.
A panic ensues. A one-sided scuffle.
Shiela is barely an obstacle. It is Tom who puts up most of the fight, fruitlessly beating his fists against the chassis of the suit-wearing robot.
With one sickening tear—a sound picked up in high quality and heard by horrified viewers worldwide—the robots remove the scalps of each anchor, snap their necks and toss the still-bleeding corpses aside like rag dolls. The robots then awkwardly place the impromptu wigs on top of their own heads, blood running down their frames like red paint.
"In. Other. News," the robot masquerading as Tom begins, in trademark stilted robot-speak.

5
"WHAT. The. Hell."
Tarston turned off the TV. "Breathe, brother. In your nose. Deep. Out your mouth. Then let it all out."
"I'm trying, Tarst," Dav said, practically hyperventilating. He couldn't really get a grip on the situation. Before he was murdered—assassinated was more like it—Tom the anchor had suggested a possible conspiracy. With Johnny dead in his own office, that seemed all the more likely. The conspirators offed him so he wouldn't talk, perhaps? But, then, why had Velma expected Johnny to be alive and well? Wasn't she in on it, too? Her comment, "we did good," seemed to imply that she was... "You guys, I don't get it. What did we do to deserve this? And the other guys?"
"They make shite music," Colm said, shrugging his shoulders as if that was all there was to it. Shite music: The end. "We kinda did, too. But now that the little drummer boy is out of the picture, we can finally rise like a phoenix from the ashes. Pun intended." He gestured to the pile of ashes that used to be Seth.
"Shut up, Colm," Smoky said. He had a plan. "We don't really know what's happening here. So the way I see it is, we go to the closest city that had another shock band getting replaced by robots."
"Berlin," Tarston said.
"Yes, Berlin." Smoky nodded. "Maybe if we can track down Magnetic Love Field Patrol, they can tell us their side of the story. Maybe they've had more luck getting answers than we have."
"Brilliant plan," said Dav. They'd link up and put their own pieces together, and hopefully this puzzle would make more sense—or it at least would provide a clearer picture. "It's the best chance we've got."
"You know, Smoky," Colm said, "for a guy who got paid to thrust his junk into the faces of our many adoring female fans, you've got a surprising amount of brains."
Smoky thought that came damn close to a compliment, especially coming from Colm O'Danger. "Thanks. You know, Colm, for a guy who got paid to look and act like a douche, and also murdered a bandmate for no reason, you're surprisingly an even bigger asshole than I originally thought."
"Thanks, man."
Tarston's eyes bounced back and forth between the two, his mouth agape. "You two done? We gotta go."
"Yeah," Dav said, checking his Tes-Timepiece. "Let's get going. The Beamer can have us over in Berlin in fifteen minutes if we leave now, before the mad rush."
"Did you forget what the TV said?" Colm asked, smirking. "It's gonna be a mad rush out there, anyway."
Smoky cracked his knuckles and laced his boots. "Then hold onto that gun, Colm, because we've places to be and people from whom we must flee."
"Poetry to my ears," he replied, stroking the gun.
"Let's go," Dav told the others, taking the Tes-Stimulator from the floor. Better to have a weapon than not, even if it was a floppy hunk of vibrating rubber.
The boys exited the office of their once-manager, the now-late Johnny St. Cool, worried about how the situation would be—outside the stadium, that was. Because inside, it was bad enough. Death and murder. They only hoped outside would prove to be a little more fun.

6
THE spacious suite at the zenith of Fame & Fortuna Company's spire in New York City was pitch-black, aside from the blinking red light on the phone. The phone, of course, was wireless—as was everything in the Society of Teslandia—and the red light, currently shaped like a 1, was an indication that a new message had been received but not yet listened to.
Velma Shapiro—CEO of Fame & Fortuna Company, a talent agency—wanted the night off. So there she sat, in a cushy office chair, pouring drink after alcoholic drink into a curvy-stemmed martini glass.
She was a genius. She'd have to be a genius to orchestrate the coup that had led to every shock band on the face of the Earth having its money-sucking, talentless bums—sorry, band members—replaced with robotic volunteers. Of course, they weren't actually volunteers, as the robots couldn't leave her employment. It was in their programming to do exactly as they were told, and she told them they were to play music, damnit, and to play it for free. Not having to divert any funds towards paying band members' salaries meant the profits could stay at the top, right where they belonged.
Some people said that money wasn't everything in life. Velma agreed with them. A nice, hard drink—after a long and exhausting day of back-and-forth telephone calls and dealing with smarmy, bow-to-me-for-I-play-music leeches—was pretty great, too. No, money wasn't everything, but it certainly made life a whole hell of a lot easier. Velma had so much money, she could piss down the drain a few lifetimes' worth, and still live comfortably for another five or six lives.
Velma continued to ignore the message on her machine. She didn't want to hear it—not tonight. Tonight was her day of relaxation. Tonight was Velma's Night. Besides, it was probably just the annoying little rat... Wimbledy. He was head of the operations in London, and, boy, was his personality like a cheese grater to the nerves. Whenever she heard him rattle on and on about some falling numbers, Velma just wanted to break a bottle over his head and perform delicate brain surgery on him. Or maybe a lobotomy would be more of a favour to the world.
The phone rang. Velma didn't answer it. She poured another drink instead. When she'd finished it, which hadn't taken long, the 1 on the phone had turned to a 2.
She wondered what Johnny St. Cool was doing right about now. Snorting line after line of blow, no doubt. Velma laughed. That Johnny sure did love his coke. Despite the genius of the plan being all her own, she did have to give him a pat on the back for being on board with the whole scheme. He would've proved himself to be a complete buffoon if he'd chosen not to come along for the ride. Last stop: Maximum profits.
Yet again, the phone rang. Velma felt tempted to answer it, just to curse at the imbecile for wasting her time and for being an annoyance. Then she decided she'd wait for whoever it was to leave another message. Screw 'em.
So Velma downed another glass and waited for the magical glowing red 2 to become a 3. It did. Smiling and sighing to herself, she clapped on a light and hit the Play Messages button. The voice came on—Wimbledy's reedy voice—and she started readying herself another drink.
Her hand froze mid-pour, trembling slightly, as Wimbledy got to the point. She didn't like the point he was making.
"Uh, uh, Miss Shapiro, uh— I hate to be a burden, but... well, the Tesla Company gave me their reports on those robots you ordered a-and... well, they aren't exactly p-p-perfect. Their p-pro-programming, I mean. Maybe we— Maybe we should do a r-r-recall and, oh, I dunno. I'm just thinking out loud."
End of first message.
Yeah, that's right, she thought. You don't know. So think inside that micro-skull of yours and don't speak such stupidity for the rest of us to hear.
Then the second message started playing.
"D-Did you s-s-s-see the news report!? Th-The two a-an-anchors got k-k-killed! By t-two of your r-ro-robots! You gotta call them off, Miss Shapiro! Please! This isn't right!"
End of second message.
"Oh, Tesla," Velma said to herself, eyes wide and wondering. She'd turned off the TV after calling Johnny. As the third and final message started to play, Velma put the TV back on to TH1. She saw the two anchors laying dead out in front of the news desk—the tops of their heads showed fresh, shiny red flesh; their hair and scalp was missing, peeled off and being worn in a macabre display by the two robots now sitting behind the desk. She had the sound off, but could tell they were delivering the news. It was a horrifically absurd sight.
"I'm telling you, Miss Shapiro! They're outside my office! A whole damn squad of them! They're banging on my door! They're— They're— AAAAAAAAH!! AAAAAAAH! OH, TESLA!!! HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLL—"
Wimbledy's death screams came to a sudden halt, being replaced by a wet, slippery sound. Velma didn't even want to know what it was—whether it was Wimbledy's spine being ripped out and slid through a blood-lubricated wound, or what.
A robot came on the line, mechanically speaking in a deliberate stop-start, as it couldn't talk any other way. "Velma," it said. "We. Will. Find. You."
Velma shrieked and covered her mouth, then smashed the phone with the bottle of booze, spraying vodka and glass shards everywhere. She raced away from the chair and that damn dreadful phone, swearing to herself. She ran into the bathroom, slammed the door and locked it. She didn't know what she'd do to protect herself, but as she eyed the bathroom window, which led to a 105-storey drop down to solid concrete, she knew what she'd do if worse came to worst.
Velma Shapiro wasn't going to have her scalp removed or her spine ripped out. No way.
Not a damn chance.

7
THE boys emerged in the darkened London streets. Panic was the name of the game currently being played. Civilians—young and old—raced down the road, all in the one direction, screaming their heads off while they did it. Some fell down, unable to keep up with the frantic pace the others had set, and were then promptly trampled. People shouted and police shouted right back, like a dystopian game of Marco Polo.
"What are they saying?" Dav asked, squinting his eyes and cocking his head to the side.
"Sounds like... rabbits," Colm said, scratching his chin stubble.
"Robots," Tarston corrected, silently; more to himself than to the others.
"Huh?"
A little boy came whipping past, shrieking shrilly like a little girl, or the little girl of a banshee who had been raised by bats. "ROOOOBOTS!!!!"
"Did he say 'robots'?" Dav asked, picking out the wax from his ear.
"I still say 'rabbits'." Colm was dead-set on being wrong.
Thankfully, the true story revealed itself immediately after. Marching down the street, blasting buildings and cars with bolts of electricity, was an army of five robots gone AWOL. They played the latest Tes-Locket Of My Heart hit singles, like 'Kickstart My Heart With An Electric Fart', 'You Jolt Me Up, Buttercup' and, of course, 'Lick My Tesla Coil, Doll-Face'.
Now, the boys could have joined the others and ran away from this monstrous crew of metal. There were a couple problems with that plan, though. One: The Beamer was located in the direction the robots were coming from. And two: The boys were keen on getting some revenge on the bastards who took their jobs.
Colm was always a hothead, so it was no surprise to the others that he ran out like wartime-hero Rambo, gun firing arcs of lightning at the approaching robot menace. What was a surprise, though, was that he actually managed to take them all down. Upon receiving the jolts, all five robots experienced an electric overload and their systems all fried. The robots stopped their march, shaking left and right, before their tops popped off in a fiery explosion.
The civilians and police alike stopped screaming and started cheering, yelling blessings to their benefactors: the one true Tes-Locket Of My Heart (minus Seth).
"Follow me, men!" Colm cried to the others, then took off running down the street to the Beamer station.
Dav shrugged. "Might as well."
The others followed Colm, trying to keep up with the adrenaline-fuelled bassist.

8
LONDON'S Beamer station was located underground. The Beamer was a high-speed sort of train, capable of reaching average speeds of over four thousand kilometres per hour. Through the power of electricity, it was able to transport over a hundred passengers at once underneath the Earth and deliver them to their destination in record time.
The boys walked down the steps to the garish station, the walls of which were adorned with numerous realistic frescoes depicting Lord Tesla in his seven stations—from his birth under the North Star to his crucifixion in New York City, and finally to his resurrection and his rise to power. The artwork led the person through a hallway of remembrance, before passing between two miniature, non-functioning stone Tesla coils. Beyond those was the Beamer—a sleek golden train resembling an elongated bullet—which waited until maximum capacity had been reached, or until two minutes had passed without any more weight being added, before shooting off through a complex network of tunnels.
Stepping onto the Beamer, the boys waited two minutes, cursing very much over their breath that they had to wait even another second. Nobody else stepped onto the train, so once the two minutes had passed, the doors to the Beamer closed tightly, sealing everyone in, and the train powered up. The electricity energizing the train boomed like thunder for a moment, dwindling down to a sort of barely audible, crackling hum.
Because of the intense speeds achieved by the Beamer, passengers were not allowed to move around while the train was in operation. The boys felt seat belts click into place, automatically strapping them into their seats.
"I've never been on one of these before," Colm admitted.
"Yes, you have," Dav told him. "You've just always ridden them immediately after getting laid."
"We've gotta carry your dozing ass around," Smoky added.
"Just like our equipment," Tarston said, shaking his head.
Colm was silent after that, pondering why he would only turn narcoleptic after being with a few women at once.
The Beamer suddenly launched off under the Earth and sea, making the boys' jowls draw back from their faces through sheer acceleration. It whipped across the English Channel in just thirty seconds.

9
TRAPPED inside her own bathroom, at the top floor of her own company's tower. What a situation to be in.
Velma Shapiro felt the temptation to unbolt the door and step out into her suite. Maybe get another bottle from the bar... and something to munch on, too. She shook her head. That ship had sailed. She was in it to win it—well, maybe not quite win. The inevitable outcome was that she would die. But with dignity, damnit.
"Idiot!" she hissed to herself. "How could I be such a damn idiot!" If only she'd put her damn ego aside and had picked up the damn phone. Maybe she could have gotten out of NYC in time, or even put in the recall order for the robots—send them back to the factory, and this mess never would have happened.
Nope. Now, her only hope was for someone else to solve the problem. And for Velma—a woman who had built her kingdom, and all the success that came with it, by herself, for herself—having the ball out of her court was not a pleasant prospect to be faced with. It was maddening, actually. She felt so helpless and weak and fragile. She felt like a nobody. She felt beneath herself.
She looked out the window, down at the busy streets below. People running like it was that stupid bull shit, over in Spain or Portugal or some other place. She went to the sink and looked at herself in the mirror. Her breasts were firm and perky—electric stimulation. Her face: wrinkle-free—a nice electric massage each day kept the wrinkles away. Velma was vain, she knew that. And what had all that vanity given her? The adoring looks of men and women alike, sure. But now, locked in the bathroom, afraid of death and what was to come next, it all seemed so pointless. Vanity for vanity's sake.
She heard the elevator doors open with a dinging sound. She heard the tinny thumping of metal on tile, getting louder as the robots drew nearer. It was like they had sensed her presence, the bastards. She looked down at the shadows under the door. They were there.
It was time.
Eyeing the window, Velma gave her knuckles a loud crack and rolled her neck. Deep breaths, in and out. Just take a running jump and enjoy the view on the way down. It'll all be over soon.
The robots hammered on the door.
"Go away!" Velma yelled.
Their metal fists pounded harder, so hard that one punched a hole through the door, sending splinters of wood shooting into the room.
Velma screamed as her eyes met the red lights on its head. She looked away, back to the window, and, without thinking, bolted forward. No stopping now. She jumped and momentum propelled her through the glass. She barely felt the shards against her skin, making her arms bleed. She was too concerned with the fact that she was falling through the sky. Her hair billowed about, and she could barely get a proper breath because of all the wind, rushing up against her face, even further overwhelming her already-overcome senses.
Falling faster and faster. She looked down and saw the ground getting closer, like she was pulling it towards her. When, really, it was pulling her towards it—wasn't that right? It wasn't so bad, actually. Once the initial panic wore off, it was actually kind of pleasant.
Velma kicked off her shoes and put her feet together, pointing her toes downward. She tucked her arms in to her chest and closed her eyes. She'd grown quite comfortable with the idea of death. She'd done all she wanted to do, really. She didn't have kids or a husband, but she'd never wanted either. She had lived her life, mostly by her own rules—if you could discount this last sequence of events. But, even then, she'd taken one final act of control over her own destiny. Better to die by her own hand than by that of a robot.
And so, her final ten seconds of life were spent in pure bliss. A sense of oneness with the universe surged through her.
Spectators watched from below as the woman flew down from the skies. They cleared the immediate area, for they did not want to be a part of the coming mess. And it was a good thing, too, as Velma hit the ground, exploding into a shower of blood and guts.

10
THE boys stepped off the Beamer and passed through Berlin's Beamer station, which was identical to the London station in both aesthetics and design. The crowds here were all but gone, and they only saw a few families who were making forts in the corners nearest to the electric heating vents.
Tarston shyly averted his eyes after one of the families recognized him and waved. He had never grown used to the idea of being famous, or even the idea of being in a band. He'd only given in and joined the group after his brother Dav had pestered him about it for the twenty-eighth time. But that was all history now.
Smoky took up the rear, following the others up the stairs and out into the after-midnight air of Berlin. He scanned the streets, his fists at the ready in case any robots or people wanted to pick a fight. Though dancing was his true passion, he also dabbled in martial arts and knew seven different ways to kill a man with his toes.
Though he was the leader, Dav let Colm lead the way. He was technically unarmed—the dildo didn't really count, since it was rubber and not metal—so Dav didn't know what good he'd be if he took charge. Growing up, he'd always been the 'golden boy', playing on the sports teams and excelling at schoolwork—whereas Tarston was the meek nerd who fiddled with gadgets and played his guitar all day. He supposed all that meant nothing now, though.
Colm was up front, where he felt he belonged and deserved to be. Everybody knew the bassist was the best member of a band, both in talent and good looks and 'cool' factor. With his lightning gun in hand, he felt like the corporal of a military squad, bringing his men to certain victory. Being the shortest member of the group, Colm was oblivious to his own Napoleon complex.
The boys were passing a shadowed alley when they heard someone whispering. They stopped and stared into the murk.
"Psst!" There it was again.
"Show yourself!" Colm shouted into the darkness. "Or I'll fill that alley full of lightning."
"No, please don't do that," the voice said. A very handsome and tall man walked out into the street. "I'm on your side, guys."
"Ivan?" Dav said, his mood brightening at their luck. Ivan Liddelsword was the frontman for Magnetic Love Field Patrol, one of Tes-Locket Of My Heart's contemporaries. "We came here to find you guys. The robot thing has gotten out of control."
"Good," Ivan replied, "because I've taken it upon myself to form the resistance. I see you're all here..."
"Well," Smoky said, scratching his head.
"Not exactly..." Tarston trailed off.
Ivan mentally counted the group in front of him. Someone was missing. The drummer. "Wait, where's Seth?"
"Colm killed him," Dav said bluntly.
Ivan nodded, as if this made perfect sense. "Yeah, seen that happen loads of times. Drummers always get murdered by bassists, and vice versa. There's a lot of unreleased tension between the two, both being the backbone of the rhythm section, after all."
The others—Colm included—nodded in agreement, finally understanding where all the hostility had come from.
"I suppose four will just have to do," Ivan continued. "We know how to bring down the robots. I'll tell you more, but you guys should come down into our hideout. It's not really safe out in the streets."
"Tell me about it," Dav said.
The boys followed Ivan into the darkness. Their eyes adjusted and they saw him lift a manhole cover. He allowed them to climb down first, so he could properly place the cover back over the hole.
Despite what they'd expected, it wasn't dark down in the sewer. The place had been lit with strung-up Christmas lights—the multicoloured kind, which paradoxically made it seem both cheery and eerie all at once.
Ivan took the lead and brought them through a few twists and turns, stopping in a wide semi-circular room. It had been furnished with rugs and couches, which were being used by the rest of Magnetic Love Field Patrol.
"Wake up, guys!" Ivan shouted to his band.
The other two resistance members—they were a three-piece band—bolted upright and wiped green crap from their eyes.
There was the bassist, Jonas Schtuulsen—who Colm took an immediate disliking to, and the feeling was mutual. The only people bassists hated more than drummers are bassists. Naturally, many bassists loathe themselves.
And there was the drummer, Seth Derringer—hated by both Jonas and Colm. All drummers are named Seth, so it's never a surprise when you meet a person named Seth and you later find out they play drums. It's believed to be genetic.
"I found these guys in the street," Ivan told his band. He turned back to Dav and the others. "So, I said I'd tell you how to bring down the robots. But it won't be pretty."
"Just get to the point, man," Colm said aggressively. He was feeling belittled by Ivan's tall stature.
"Okay, okay. So, the robots run on electricity. And, as you all know, the electricity comes from the towers positioned all around the world..."
"We gotta take down all the towers?" Tarston ventured a guess.
"Thankfully not. If you bring down the big one, which was built first and acts as a central unit, the others can't function at all. There's one major tower, positioned directly over the area with the largest amount of electromagnetic activity. Any guesses as to where?"
"Berlin!" Colm shouted, certain he was correct.
"Wrong. Moscow. So, bring down that tower and you should kill the juice that's powering the robots. You boys think you can handle it?"

11
THE ride to Moscow didn't take long at all, thanks to the Beamer. The boys found that the resistance had more troops there in the East, even taking in civilians to help bolster its ranks.
The tower was visible, even through the thick white flurries of snow, contrasting with the blackness of the night sky. It stood proud and phallic over the city, a perfect metaphor for man's intellect and virility. The bulbous cupola of the tower was made of a metal mesh, which allowed the converted electricity to flow through it and out into the airwaves of the world, to be freely used wherever needed.
Armed with explosives made of potatoes—given to them by the resistance of Moscow—the boys launched a stealthy assault on the tower's facility.
Except for Colm. Colm went for the direct approach, believing himself to be invincible and a god. After taking down five or six robots with his lightning gun—laughing like a maniac while he did it—he was captured, tortured and used as a personal slave to the head robot, where he was forced to perform manual labour without pay or even sustenance. Not used to even lifting a finger, his heart stopped while moving a few boxes, and he was then devoured by the robots. His severed head was placed on a spike, out in front of the facility.
"Damn," Dav said, looking up at the head of Colm O'Danger—still screaming in death, albeit silently. "We could have used his gun."
"Oh well." Smoky shrugged, patting the bag of explosives, and the three continued sneaking around to the back entrance.
About halfway around the huge facility, Dav finally said something that had been bugging him for the last half-hour. "So, do either of you know how to use these?" He was referring to the explosives made from potatoes. They didn't have any sort of visible apparatuses, like buttons or a screen. They pretty much just looked like plain-old, brown-skinned potatoes with lots of sprouts coming out of them.
"Beats me," Smoky said.
"I'm sure I can figure it out," Tarston whispered. He had a knack for technology, no matter how complex or seemingly simple it was.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, the back entrance was unguarded. The boys waltzed right in, thinking it was too easy. And maybe it was, for they had no idea what fate they were befalling on the Society of Teslandia.
Tarston was right about figuring out the explosives. He discovered that when a sprout was picked out of the bomb's skin, a timer started to tick-tock. A countdown sequence, only they had no idea how much time they had. So they worked quickly, placing a few dozen explosives around the base of the tower, where the energy was being siphoned.
Racing out of the facility, they overestimated how fast the timers were, so it took an age and a half for the explosion to occur. The boys were able to get back to the city, and they sat down with the other resistance members to watch the fireworks.
"When's it gonna blow?" one man asked.
And not a second later, the blast rocked Moscow. A fireball shot up, lighting the sky, and the ground quaked. A ring of blue-white electricity rushed out from the epicentre, fizzling out long before the tower had fallen. The tower came down with a grinding discord, metal screeching into the night like some kind of dying monster. Dust gushed up into the air, filling the space previously occupied by the tower.
And then it was over.
The silence was replaced by a loud and inarticulate cheer. Humanity had conquered, once again. The robot that had been captured by the resistance and kept caged suddenly overloaded and its head exploded.
"We did it!" Dav shouted over the uproar.
The boys were lifted by a crowd of people—heroes worthy of worship, once more—and delivered to Moscow's Beamer station. They stepped onto the train, eager to get back to Berlin for their heroes' welcome. After waiting for two minutes—and still nothing happened—the boys broke into the power room at the back of the train.
The lights weren't on.
"The power's out..." Smoky said, beginning to understand that this had been a one-way trip.
"We're stuck?" Dav asked, unable to believe it himself.
Tarston tossed his Tes-Tacles aside, finally realizing why they'd stopped working. He could barely see. "We just eliminated our only source of power. As a species, we either need to live with it, find another form of energy, or rebuild that tower the way Lord Tesla originally did it."
"So we're screwed," Dav concluded.

?
AND what followed can only be described as the lowest point in human civilization since the Stone Age, or maybe even the time when we still had tails and gills and looked like a mix between immature frogs and fish.
Brutal wars were fought. Loads of people died. And humanity ended up destroying itself completely.
In a cave, the last human being cried itself to sleep, one cold and lonely night, and never woke up.
The End (Of The World).

Calibration Day

"And so it is written in the annals of Time: Serenity is the golden ichor of God Himself; Serenity is the graceful touch of Creation; the kiss of Heaven upon our cheeks of Sin; Serenity is Truth; Serenity is Love; of Evil, Serenity is that which purges the Soul, and that which returns us to a state of Prime Calibration."

--The Book of Melechor, 7:11
1

"SHE'S dead, Jim."

Staring out the window, seeing the slowly spinning planet with its flowing lava of city lights, the colonies on Luna, and all the surrounding stars amidst the blackness of outer-space, Jim Mavlon let the words wash over him. He couldn't make sense of them. Heard them, but those three words -- "She's dead, Jim" -- didn't seem remotely connected to one another, didn't add up. "Dead," he finally said. "How?"

"Murder. Bludgeoned to death. And they say you killed her."

Jim turned to face Captain Nedry, who sat behind his desk and looked as stunned as he was. "But none of this makes any goddamn sense!" he yelled, heard his voice booming out of him but felt disembodied from it. "I've been on this damn ship for the past year! It's fuckin' impossible, Captain! You can vouch for me!"

"I know, Jim. Believe me, I know. And I will do everything in my power to defend you." He frowned, looking at his computer display. "Maybe this upcoming Day of Calibration will absolve you. Maybe whoever really did it will feel compelled to confess."

"I hope so, Captain." Jim saluted his superior. "Requesting permission to return to my quarters, sir."

"Granted. Dismissed, Commander. And feel better. We touch down within the hour."


2

THE city at night. Oh, how I'd forgotten this place after being abroad for so long. The seedy atmosphere, the filth. Seeing preteen prostitutes selling themselves to dirty old men so they can make a quick buck for an even quicker fuck. The addicts nodding off on street corners and bullet-train shelters -- and if they're still awake, they're grabbing you and begging for any amount, even telling you they'll take payment for letting you whale on them for an hour or two. And I see some picking up their rotten black teeth from the gutters, blood pouring out their mouths like thin red syrup, and, oh no, there the teeth go, down the drain, and there are some more being crunched under a man's boot. Ground to a fine off-white dust.

Yes, how I'd forgotten. And it happens this way, each time, each year I'm gone. Back for the Calibration. Back to rearrange my brain and absolve me of any sins I'd gathered while away. And a few days to a week after that, before I head up again, off on another journey across the stars. Time to share with my Anne.

Only, Anne was apparently dead. And by his hand.

With his collar up and his eyes set forward, Jim walked quickly through the streets of San Mal, eager to get home, despite what fatal news he'd been told about his wife. Passing hordes of people getting in one last sin before the big day. Advertisements shuffled through various products, services and therapies selected just for him -- erection pills, electric brain stimulation, military-style haircuts -- as he walked past.

A preacher stood outside of a coffee shop, shaking a cardboard sign that said CALIBRATION IS A LIE, shouting about how sinners were never truly saved.

"Sir! Sir!" The preacher put a hand on Jim's shoulder, stopping him. "Will you do wrong to another on this evening?"

"No. I try not to, regardless of what time of year it is."

The preacher raised his hands into the air, shaking them, the sign jittering with the movement. "Hallelujah! One who knows that Serenity was not meant to be abused as it is today!" He looked into Jim's eyes, and at that moment Jim saw the man was blind. Milky white-blue eyes, even lacking white sclera, stared. Into his soul, he felt. "The prophet Melechor never intended for us to mistreat others each day, solely to purge ourselves with Serenity once a year, only to go on sinning the next day. A hypocrisy! A horror! And you, my young man, understand that. And I see... something... in you. You have a dark cloud over your head, following you wherever you go. Tell me, young man, what troubles you?"

"I have to go," Jim said, shrugging off the blind preacher's hand. He ignored the man's protests, kept walking. Faster and faster. What did he mean? Dark cloud. Anne's death? Anne's murder? Am I that easy to read, he wondered. Still, the man was right. It is a hypocrisy. To see all this senseless violence around me, all these young kids heading down a dark road that only gets darker the further astray they go. See them now. A hungry little boy, eyes sneaking glances left and right, pinching the ass of that old hag who has her claws in his shoulder, heading inside her apartment, to give her a taste of the forbidden fruit. Before Serenity saves her again. And again. Every year, another Calibration.

The sinners keep on sinning.

A throat cleared, the sound of spitting. "Got the time, man?"

Jim stopped, looking to the source of the voice. A bearded, scarred man who looked like he wasn't one to mess with. "Almost eleven."

The man nodded. Spat again. "Need a blast of the good shit? Get you ready for tomorrow, man."

"Serenity?"

Laughing, the man said, "Nah, not Serenity. You from around here? We get that shit handed to us on a silver platter."

"Right," Jim said. He'd forgotten how easy it was, practically impossible to not obtain Serenity. It was a government-granted drug, once a year -- just in time for Calibration Day -- delivered straight to your home through the materializer. "So what're you talking about, then?"

"Serenity's uglier cousin: Salvation. It's a new drug, man. Scored it from a dumpster behind some lab -- that's what they do with all sorts of fuckin' drugs, man. You wouldn't believe the shit I find... Anyway, it's chemically related. Something about the nitrogen part having another oxygen, or something, man. I don't fuckin' know. Do I look like a fuckin' scientist?"

Jim was tempted to say no.

"Anyway, all I know is it gets you fuckin' blasted. Lasts longer, too. None of that fifteen-minute bullshit. We're talking hours. I can give you a hit of the best shit you'll ever eat -- fifty bucks."

"Fifty?" Jim shook his head. "Sorry. I've got to get home. Have a nice night." He started to head off.

"Twenty-five!" the man said, stopping him. "Take it or leave it, man. Honest to God, I should be selling this shit for a hundy. It's rarer than a tight cunt."

That sounded more like it. Jim opened his wallet and laid twenty-five skins into the ugly fellow's grease-covered hand. He was handed a single tablet wrapped in tinfoil. "Say, what happens if you take Salvation and Serenity at the same time?" he asked.

The guy shook his head, pocketing the cash. "Never even thought to try it, man. I wouldn't even want to. This shit's so strong, you don't need anything else. You'll see. But you can be the test pilot if you want."

"Might be worth a shot," Jim said. He waved and headed off to his place.

"Be fuckin' careful!" he heard from behind.

3

ANNE wasn't dead, far from it.

He'd been suspicious when the apartment wasn't cordoned off, doubly so when he found the door to his residence unlocked. He'd gone inside and... there she was. Anne Mavlon: a Botox blonde ex-beauty, fooled by the advertisements tailored to her low self-esteem, tricked into receiving every therapy in the system in a vain attempt at making herself more beautiful. She'd only been made uglier. So it goes.

But Jim still loved her. And when he walked into the room, seeing her with her arms wide open, a smile on her frozen, stretched, smoothened, vaguely simian face, and her fattened lips, he couldn't help but break down. It was good to see her. He went into her arms, wept into the crook of her neck, felt her familiar fingers as they stroked his hair.

"I missed you, too, Jimmy."

Jimmy. Only she called him that. It was her, alright. Admittedly, he'd had some doubts when he'd first laid eyes on her. She was supposed to be dead, after all. And, yet, here she was: among the living. "I-- I was told you were dead, Annie," he said softly.

She took his head in her hands and gently pushed him back, to better look at him. "Dead? Who told you that? Jimmy, I may not look as lively as I once did, before this--" She gestured vaguely to her botched face. "--but surely you can see I'm alive!"

He laughed, spilling more tears from his eyes. "Yes, yes, I do. I don't know what-- You see, Captain Nedry said-- Oh, whatever. You're here, and I find it hard to believe, but I'm so grateful, hon."

They held hands and went into the kitchen.

"I made some supper for you," she said, pushing a button on the materializer, which brought said supper back into existence. "Chicken wings and french fries. Your favourite."

Jim took the plate and smiled, salting up the fries. "Ship's food tastes like cardboard. Haven't had this in--"

"--a year," Anne finished for him, also smiling. "You say the same thing every year. It's good to have you back, Jimmy. I missed you so much."

They kissed.

4

THEY lay in bed together, after having just made love, watching the screen that showed Eden's Figurehead going on about tomorrow's Day of Calibration. Where to find your taste of Serenity, when to take it, what it's used for. Yada yada yada. The same old song and dance.

Jim turned the screen off. He positioned himself around Anne, spooning her in the darkness, feeling her soft skin against his, giving her rump a good squeeze with both hands before hugging them around her.

"Jimmy?"

"Yeah?"

"Do you still find me beautiful?"

"Of course, hon," he lied, without missing a beat.

Nothing else was said. Jim listened to her breathing, hearing it gradually become the unmistakable sound of unconsciousness. He followed her, drifting off to sleep.


5

JIM woke at ten to the smells and sounds of Venusian barbadook sizzling in the materializer. He grunted and groaned, pulling himself upright, massaging the pain out of his sore neck. A twist here, a twist there, hearing the snap-crackle-pop, and he was out of bed. To the kitchen, where he saw Anne wearing one of his T-shirts -- barely covering her bare bottom -- and placing the strips of meat onto plates.

He hugged her from behind and held her, rocking with her from side to side. Gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Morning, hon. When do we drop?"

She returned the kiss. "Noon, remember? You forget that every year, Jimmy."

"Ah, that's right." He grabbed a strip of barbadook. "For me?" He dangled it into his open mouth and bit off a fatty, succulent piece of meat. "Mmm. Just can't get that on--"

"--the ship," Anne finished for him, gobbling up her own strip.

They laughed and ate. The materializer sent them some tomatoes, grown in the greenhouses on Mars. Jim salted his up and ate it like an apple, salting the new flesh he exposed with every bite.

Once breakfast was done, they still had some time to kill. They spent it watching the screen, where the Figurehead was, once again, talking about the imminent Calibration. What to expect when dropping the substance known as Serenity; how long it would last in the real world; how one's perception of time while under its influence would be altered, so that seconds could feel like hours, minutes like days. The Figurehead even mentioned an illegal and highly dangerous substance known on the street as Salvation. He strongly opposed it, mentioned multiple times that it was a danger, and only the reckless few would ingest such a horrible drug, that if one were caught ingesting it they would be imprisoned.

When Eden's Figurehead told them the Serenity would be coming through the materializer now, Anne went to get it. Seeing this as his opportunity, Jim fetched his Salvation pill from his coat pocket, in the bedroom. He unwrapped the wad of tinfoil, saw a little pink diamond-shaped pill. Etched on both sides was a large S. He palmed it and went back to the living-room. Anne came into the room carrying a tray, on it were two glasses of carbowater -- straight from the tap -- and two circular blue pills, each engraved with an S. She set the tray down on the table in front of the screen.

Jim took his glass and his Serenity, being sure to slyly keep the Salvation under three fingers and against his palm, taking the Serenity with his forefinger and thumb.

They waited for the Figurehead to raise his own pill and glass of carbowater. "Prepare yourselves, Eden, and let us venture forth into a state of Prime Calibration." He put his pill into his mouth and took a sip from his glass.

Anne and Jim followed his lead, as did billions of other people on Eden, Luna, Venus, Mars, Titan, Io, and even Neptune.

Only Jim had placed both pills into his mouth.

Swallowed.


6

THE world around him flickered, went out of focus. What was once his modern-looking home within an apartment complex was now a grimy little hovel made of solar-tempered mud. He sat on a stool, with Anne sitting on one of her own beside him. Her eyes were closed, her mouth hung open, drooling. Jim stood up and took a look around.

The place seemed to be dome-shaped. Spartan, too, as there wasn't much -- if anything -- decorating its interior. There were windows, however, and the view outside only showed pale-orange rock, sand and more sand. Desert winds threw the sand all around, fine grains of it making little taps on the windows. It must be Mars, he thought, looking around. And I'm a Martian. I work at a greenhouse just two kilometres away, tend to the fruits and vegetables, which we ship off to Eden and other colonies scattered throughout the Sol System.

He rushed over to Anne and gently shook her. "Anne! Annie, wake up."

"Uhhh..." She stirred awake, rubbing knuckles to her eyes and wiping flakes of dried saliva from around her mouth. "How... How was your trip?"

My trip? He blinked, remembering past events. In a kitchen, on Eden. My home, but only in the trip. And before that... It was getting foggy, hard to remember. The ship! "I was a Commander on a starship. I had been..." Accused of murdering you, Anne. Only when I came back down to Eden, you were still alive, still just as happy as always to see me.

"Had been what?" she asked, tilting her head to the side.

"Tasked with firing on an enemy starship," he lied. "They were from another part of space, very far away. What about you?"

"It was the most horrible thing," she said, touching her temples, as if she had a headache. "I died, Jimmy." She looked up and her eyes were red with tears. "And you killed me."


7

"NO." He shook his head, couldn't seem to stop shaking it. "No, no, no. Anne, that's not true!"

She blinked, cocked her head, seeming confused by his outburst. "Jimmy, it was only a trip. Just a bad one. It didn't actually happen." She shuddered. "Though it felt real." Anne touched her head. "I can still almost feel the pain. Where you hit me."

Murder. Bludgeoned to death. And they say you killed her.

No. It was only an hallucination. Just Serenity, serenading Annie with visions of some horrible, sick, twisted reality. Not real life.

But still: Why did she die? Why did I kill her?

Destiny? Fate?

"Jimmy?" Her hands were up in front of her, warding him off. "What the hell's the matter with you?"

And he found himself advancing on her, wielding the stool.

"Jimmy, stop. This isn't funny!" Her face an emotionless mask. The frozen stiffness of it made him laugh.

He swung the stool at her. She caught one of the legs with her hand, making a slapping sound as it met her palm. They struggled, and he seemed to be gaining the upper hand, pushing the stool horizontally towards her throat. The big vein in her neck pulsing with the rapidity of a frightened bird's heartbeat. Nearly there. Choke her with it.

She instinctively kicked out, hitting him between the legs. He went down, groaning. Taking her opportunity, while he was distracted by the excruciating pain in his balls, she took the chair and swung it at his chest. Not a lethal blow, by any means, but it did the trick of knocking him flat on his back. She opened the door and took off running.

Jim took the time to get his breath back. There wasn't anywhere for her to go. Once the pain had receded, he picked himself up and followed Anne out into the Martian desert.


8

ONLY it wasn't a desert. Wasn't even Mars, either. It was Eden. And he was back in the apartment, standing in the hall outside of their residence. He turned around and the door was wide open. He went inside. Mars must've been the trip. Calibration. But why had he attacked Anne? It was almost as though he'd been possessed.

It's okay. She's still alive. Perfectly fine. I'll find her in her chair, still tripping, more than likely.

Must've been my subconscious affecting things. What Captain Nedry said to me, about her being dead and me killing her. Must've been playing tricks on me. Playing on the horrible feelings I felt when I heard that.

Did I hear it? Did it actually happen?

Jim was starting to doubt his grasp on reality, whether any of this was even real. Was he even a Commander on a starship? Shit, I must be. I even did two years of temperature-resistance training on Mercury. Remember that like it happened yesterday.

He went to the kitchen, looking to fix himself a quick bite to take the edge off, and found the materializer missing. Jim chewed his lip and headed to the living-room.

And there she was.

Anne was dead on the floor, her skull caved in. Right where she'd pointed out to me. Eyes staring vacantly, accusingly, welled-up with red tears. A halo of blood surrounding her head, staining the carpet. Fragments of hair- and brain- and blood-matted skull scattered near, looking like a macabre, shattered china cup fashioned out of a baby's cranium.

And there was the materializer, one corner covered in blood, the cord winding off to the side like a snake.

Jim puked all over the carpet. Saw a partially dissolved blue pill, now shaped like a crescent moon.

9

A group of men and women stood around a dishevelled-looking man shackled to a chair. They wore long black robes and tall, pointed black caps on their heads. Some were taking notes on their handheld computers. Others simply watched, arms crossed, frowns on their faces.

The one nearest Jim opened his eyes and looked off to the side. "Delusional, to say the least. Seems to me he's constructed a false memory of the events which led up to the murder, and of the murder itself. He's even created a fictional drug -- Salvation, very much like Serenity, apparently -- likely in a futile attempt at further rationalizing the brutal killing of Anne Marie Mavlon, his wife of twenty years."

"No!" Jim screamed, rattling his chains, shaking his head from side to side, screaming his head off. "I didn't kill her! I wasn't even there! I was on the goddamn ship... Ask Captain Nedry! He'll vouch for me."

Paul -- the bishop nearest to Jim, and the sole remaining descendant of the Prophet Melechor -- shook his head morosely. "Poor soul he is. Doesn't realize Eden hasn't flown crews of starships since the time of Before." He sighed to himself, removing a felt bag from his robes and taking out a thrumming metallic object. It had a long stem, where he held it from, and on the end was a hollow ring. He blessed Jim in the way of Melechor, making a five-pointed star with the man's head as the zenithal point. The object, an original Purifier from the time of Before, chirped as the five points were established. "May God grace his tortured Soul. This unheard-of crime. The first murder in a thousand years."

He turned and nodded to the other bishops, some of whom were still entering the day's session into the records. Paul left the San Mal temple, hearing the birds sing as he walked through the blissful, sun-filled streets. People smiled to him, nodding their heads, bowing. Talking about what harmless sins they'd unfortunately committed -- like once forgetting to give their daily monetary token of good grace to the poor -- and were seeking salvation for from Serenity, hoping they would be accepted back into the flock of God's Children, yearning to be returned to a state of Prime Calibration.

Just another Calibration Eve.

The Bug That Bit Back

Three Years Ago
THE city of WattLand is asleep, dreaming dreams of worlds yet to be written. But deep in the dark, dank bowels of WattPad HQ, within the asylum located under the capital's Palace Of Writing, the screams of the deranged echo throughout the labyrinth, bouncing from wall to wall and into the ears of CrazyTown's many guards.
"Long damn night," SpiritOfNevermore119 says to the other guard, a hulking man with his uniform torn to better expose his killer abs.
"Uh," TotallyAMan_Baby grunts in response. He writes love-poems after his shifts end. He's gathered over twenty thousand million reads so far, and each day he's the recipient of thirteen trillion private-messages from various desperate WattLand ladies.
One patient throws a handful of feces into the cell across from his. The poo splatters against the bars and the other patient starts to sob.
Just a regular night on the job.
"I wish they'd stop doing that."
"Uh." He decides his next poem will deal with the subtleties of snowflakes, and how each individual love is just as unique, sui generis.
"Don't they understand that we're the ones who have to clean up their crap, wash their butts, that sort of thing?"
"Uh." And maybe he'll pick up a box of roses for Daphne_Hotstuff, his girlfriend and soul-mate. All the other girls who try to get his attention are doomed to fail, destined to a life of desperation and hopelessness. Daphne_Hotstuff is his one and his only, his perfect match, the other half to his heart of hearts and soul of souls. His forever and his always.
"I just wish they could be more respectf—" SpiritOfNevermore119 never finishes his thought (due to a sudden, ear-piercing scream).
There's a commotion coming from behind. Heavy footsteps descend the staircase. Animal shrieks arrive alongside them. Two guards turn the corner, their arms occupied by a young, unshaven man who is howling about making monsters and his wild creations coming for him, demanding him to give them his still-beating heart to feast upon.
"Don't you see!?" the young man asks, his wild red eyes rotating around and around, seeming to settle on the apparitions his mind is conjuring. "They're here! Within our own minds! Fighting for our souls and claiming them as their own! They'll kill us all, man! They want our blood and our brains! They want to slurp on the marrow in our bones!"
"Calm down," greatwhiteDubbleDash says to him, giving him a comforting shove.
"Who's he?" SpiritOfNevermore119 asks the two new guards.
"PhonerionBallznevsky," ArmageddonSquared answers.
"I've read some of his stuff. Very weird. Unique. Funny at times, freaky at others, always odd. What happened?"
"Some sort of psychotic episode," greatwhiteDubbleDash reveals. "Lord WattPad wants him rehabilitated. As soon as possible."
SpiritOfNevermore119 nods. "Can do. Wuddya think, TotallyAMan_Baby? Put him in with the poo-flinger?"
"Uh." He's contemplating whether a single box of roses will properly illustrate the extent of his undying love.
"Yeah, put him in Cell 711," SpiritOfNevermore119 answers himself. "Poo-Flinger could use the company."
They all laugh, even PhonerionBallznevsky.

Present Day
1
MY stay in CrazyTown was pure, unadulterated hell. I don't remember too much of it, just flashes of pretty fucking fear-inducing stuff. Like going head-to-head with a guy who throws his own shit at you, while the guards laugh and place bets on who they think's gonna win.
Oh, but don't let me put a damper in your day. My name's MadMikeMarsbergen. And I'm a sane man now.
Lord WattPad wanted me cured, and by the Great Watt's Word, cured I am! Following that twisted process, I was released back into the wild—back into the world of writing, back into WattLand—with a pocketful of WattChips and a new identity. The former was so a writer like myself wouldn't starve to death while I got my shit sorted and whipped out another tale, while the latter was so I could start anew, fresh with my fertile (sane) imagination.

2
I was standing at the public transit station, waiting for the helibus to arrive. There was a bunch of people around me—also waiting—faces staring into their phones, tablets and laptops... All of them lost in the worlds they were weaving with their words. I didn't recognize anyone. Only losers and reformed-crazies (like myself) ride public transit.
I'd been told my apartment would be as I'd left it three years ago, so I was keen to get back home and check whether my girl had ditched me yet. OutrageousOllo, the love of my life and my soul-mate, formerly known as ollopollollo. She'd changed her name, though she hadn't done any time in CrazyTown. People had been less-inclined to speak to her, on account of her old name being a bitch to pronounce. She's a beautiful girl, and I missed her immensel—
There was a great roar, which took me from my thoughts.
I looked up and saw the helibus, painted in the orange-and-white of WattPad, arcing through the birdless sky like a flying tank. It was a long rectangular vehicle with three spinning rotors positioned along the upper side of its length.
The helibus descended into the station, and we all stepped aboard, one by one and two by two. I dropped a few WattChips into the slot beside the driver—an Asian fellow who eyed me with suspicion. Word must have gotten around. Not surprising, this being a land built on the worth of one's words.
Since I'd let everyone enter the helibus ahead of me, the quantity and quality of seats available now were both very low. I could either ride with a hipster-looking girl waggling her eyebrows at me—pffft, obviously looking for a big name to latch onto—or I could get a far-corner seat, where all the pukers and burnouts sat.
Naturally, I chose the people with needles in their necks, injecting the potent designer drug WattPot. I smiled as I sat down beside one guy licking the oozing green liquid off another man's neck, the stuff that hadn't gotten into the vein properly. People who got hooked on that crap tended to die young. The propaganda wasn't exactly clear whether it was the substance itself, the method of delivery—the guys real deep in the shit liked to use their veins—or the poor lifestyle choices that went with it. Or maybe a combination of factors.
Thankfully, it was a window seat. So I just hugged into my little corner and stared out across the horizon, trying to ignore the thick glottal sounds being made by my new friends.
The helibus lifted off, making my stomach lurch, and soon we were flying in between towers and over the busy streets, where down below all sorts of writers looked as small and inconsequential as ants, off to work on their words of wisdom and warning.
My place was on the western side of the city. A big tower that shot up into the sky like trees used to do, before they were all chopped down—to use for paper, according to the history books. It was covered in leaves of solar-panels, which definitely helped out with Lord WattPad's massive electricity bill.
The helibus careened around the Palace Of Writing, which was a building only rivalled in its golden grandeur by the now-destroyed majestic mosques of the Middle-East. It was a shining spectacle, rising higher in the sky than any other building in the city, topped with a large shimmering dome that—when the Sun was at its brightest—was quite capable of scorching your retinas, permanently blinding you. Thankfully it was a cloudy day today.
Lord WattPad, who lived in the Palace, was said to be the vainest being to ever exist. He's also supposed to be the creator of everything—at least, according to him.
"Heeeey, maaaaaaan..."
I turned to my left and saw a drooling doofus with goofy, droopy eyes. He had a needle of G—short for Green, a street-name for WattPot—all loaded-up and ready to inject. "What's up?" I asked him.
"Waaaanna hiiiit o' thiiis shiiiit, maaaaaan...?"
Looking at the fellow—with his deflated veins, his sickly complexion, the open sores on his face, the stench of death coming from his wasted, walking-corpse of a body, the urine stains around the crotch of his jeans—he was a living, breathing advertisement for why one should never do illegal drugs.
And I'm not fond of needles.
"Do you have to inject it?" I asked.
He laughed, which sounded more like something vital was being dislodged from his throat. "Naaah, maaaan. You can, liiike, driiink it, toooo. It just, liiike, hiiits yoooou faaaaster if you, uuuuhhhh..." He nodded off, nearly dropping the loaded needle. I took it from him and figured out how to open the thing.
"Worth a try," I said to myself, catching the eye of Hipster Chick. She mouthed, "No." I smiled at her and nodded yes. She shook her head, dejected, and faced forward. If it had her disapproval, it couldn't be too bad. What was one time, in the grand scheme of things? I tilted my head back, opened my mouth wide—so my lips wouldn't make contact with the dirty glass of the syringe—and poured the Green onto my tongue. Tasted sour but fruity, like a green apple. I swallowed it. Immediately, my mouth went numb. Then my throat, too.
Well, the deed was done.
Contemplating what kind of ride I'd just hopped on to, I leaned back and looked outside.
Just ten minutes until I reached my apartment.

3
THE Green hit me while descending to the station nearest my apartment.
I first noticed it while glancing down at my hands. They'd started to smoke. Not, like, real smoke, but just the appearance of it. Skin-coloured smoke was coming off the tips of my fingers, dissipating into the air in an instant. I spent a couple minutes staring at my hands, the palms of which had begun to bubble, like there was some sort of reaction going on underneath the skin.
I wondered if maybe this Green I'd been given was impure. Maybe the guy liked to cut it with heroin from down south. Or meth from out west. Or crack from out east. Or acid from up north. Or just dilute the stuff with any array of household chemicals, a little of this and a lot of that—adding to the 'trip', so to speak. Make the stash last longer. I was starting to sweat. The thought of taking laced stuff—because maybe Mr. Shoot-Up Artist liked it that way, or maybe the stuff he'd gotten was bad junk and so he wanted to pawn it off onto the next helpless, hopeless guy—was a frightening, paranoid thought. I felt the Fear hit me, and decided what was done was done. Time to turn it off, just flip the switch. I'd let the Fear give me wings. I'd just go with it and I'd fly.
Looking up, I saw the faces of the other passengers had changed, too. They were distorted and comical. I started laughing when I saw Hipster Chick had developed two huge yellow beaver-teeth and her black glasses had somehow been fused to her skull, making her look as though she'd been the recipient of two black eyes. She looked at me, tears of blood falling from her blackened eyes. She wiped the tears, smearing the blood across her face. For some reason I found this funny. She broke down and ran to the front of the helibus, sobbing hysterically every step of the way. But the sounds of her crying were high-pitched and humourous.
The guy next to me—Mr. Shoot-Up Artist, the one who'd given me this free hit of Green—woke up and nudged me. "Heeeeeey, maaaaaan," he said, but his voice sounded as though it were far away, then fading in and fading out, echoing to me from across a vast, empty desert of time. His eyes were huge and red. I could see every burst blood-vessel in them, could count every jagged red line. In fact, I'd started to do so when the helibus completed its descent.
I looked around, recognizing the station outside, despite the drug-induced redecorating in effect. We were at my stop. I stood up and tried to keep my balance as I stepped past the other two heads.
"Gooood shiiiiit, maaaaaan," I heard from behind. "Enjoooy thaaaat."
I didn't reply. Just kept moving. Walking felt like my legs were made of rubber, like my bones were made of cheap string cheese. It took a while—felt like that, anyway, and maybe my perception of time was distorted—but I finally made it to the front of the helibus. Everyone stared at me. Every step of the way.
A black girl snorted when she saw me walk past, then howled like a hyena. "I bet that white boy gonna write somethin' wild!" she loudly told her friend, who giggled like she was insane.
I did something I shouldn't've. Before I walked out, I gave the driver a glance. Just a quick one. Bad move. Big mistake. His face was a shrunken head. All the skin had been torn off, so the puny little thing sitting on his big body was bloody and pulsating at the temples and jaws with every beat of his heart.
He smiled. His teeth were ivory-white and enormous. "Have a nice... TRIP!"
Yelling, I jumped the last few steps and landed on the concrete outside of the helibus, which then took off immediately, farting a cloud of foul-smelling smog in its wake.
I wondered when this stuff would wear off, wondered why anyone would touch this crap on a regular basis, then made my way to my place.

4
TURNING the corner, I saw an angel standing outside of my apartment. She was glowing, emitting rays of light like she was the centre of the Solar System, as if she were the Sun itself and the rest of us losers were mere planets in her orbit. I felt drawn to her.
Then I saw she was knee-deep in a screaming match with two trolls—a couple green-skinned ghouls who reeked of fish from a mile away. They wore mini-skirts so high I could see the soiled napkins they wore instead of underwear. They had their hair done up in front-facing ponytails. Their makeup was practically flaking off and a thick veneer of glossy red lipstick had been applied to their lips, eyelids and fingernails. 'Lipstick feminists' was my gut-reaction. None of the guts and all of the glory.
"You can't say that! It's homophobic!" one troll cried.
The other troll nodded. "Yeah, and that wasn't a simile, either!"
The angel snorted. "I didn't say it. My character said it. And it most definitely was a simile, man. It was a direct comparison between two unlike things through the express use of a connecting word. So go shove it up your ass and leave me alone."
As I came nearer, and on closer inspection, I realized that this angel of mine was actually OutrageousOllo, my one true love. She was holding a laptop, which I recognized as my own. Safe and sound. My two babies.
"I'll tell on you!" Troll 1. "Lord WattPad and his WattCops won't be happy if they hear you're being homophobic."
Troll 2 nodded like she'd just suffered a spasm. "And just because you know more than me doesn't mean you get to be so mean to me!" She sobbed into her fist, clamping down on it with her sharp, lipstick-smeared fangs.
I walked up and put my arm around OutrageousOllo. She jumped in surprise, then smiled at me. "What's the problem, ladies?" I asked.
"MadMikeMarsbergen! My moo! You're back!"
"Loo," I said, and gave her a kiss.
"Ladies?!" Troll 1 asked, her eyes bugged out of her ugly face. "I'm not your personal sex-slave, humus male, so keep your white male privilege at the door, okay? For your information, I am asexual and identify as a tree, but I am also someone who fights for the rights of all humus, so don't you disrespect me. Don't you dare! Your companion here is disrespecting lesbians with what she claims was a simile."
Troll 2 piped in again: "But I don't see how it was a simile. I mean, I was never taught that 'than' is used for similes, so it must not be true."
Not being in the mood, I rolled my eyes and kicked Troll 1 into the street. I told her it was my white male privilege knocking at her door. Troll 2 followed, weeping like she had to make up for years of lost tears.
"Damn trolls," Ollo said, shaking her head. "Ever since I posted that chapter—two years ago—they've been coming around and harassing me." She looked at me, tilting her head. "Your pupils are huge, moo."
I burst out laughing. "Some guy gave me some Green—" Her eyes went wide. "—but relax, I drank it. Didn't shoot it up. Anyway, it seems to be wearing off. Guess it doesn't last long. Anyway, what can you do about the trolls. Did you call the WattCops and file a complaint? Your characters have the right to express whatever they want."
She thought about it. "Maybe I should do that. How are you, though?" she asked. "It's been so long, moo. I missed you so much." She put her arms around me. I put mine around her. "I love you."
"I love you," I replied. "I'm good. Don't remember much. I'm back, though. I see you took good care of my laptop. Want to go upstairs?"
"Yes," she said, smirking and looking up at me. "We've got a lot of lost time to make up for." She gave me an exaggerated wink and we went inside.

5
AFTER our wild, rowdy, long-time-no-see intercourse, Ollo and I ate some lunch and then decided we'd best get in some writing time. Under the rule of Lord WattPad, we were both contractually obligated to deliver at least one (1) chapter/story per week, at no less than two thousand (2000) words per chapter/story. If we didn't, we would risk imprisonment in PenalPad or resanitizing in CrazyTown.
And I'd just gotten out. I didn't want back in.
So Ollo—after nursing mine for the last three years—was forced back to her own laptop, which she was certain possessed a curse that secretly added typos to random words. She'd placed my laptop on the long table, beside hers, and powered it up for me. I sat down beside her. This was our writing ritual, and it felt good to be back.
I set my fingers down on the keyboard to type in my password (OlloTheBeautiful728) and received a huge shock. It sent me tumbling over the back of my chair. I landed on the floor, with some residual jolts I shook away. I was lucky I didn't break my neck. And it was good that the Green had worn off, or I imagine I would have been tripping-out hardcore.
"Are you okay?" Ollo asked me.
"Yeah," I said. "But damn was that weird."
"It never did that to me before." She eyed it suspiciously, then went back to typing her own tale.
With some reluctance, I sat back down in the chair and touched the laptop again. No shock this time. Wiping the nonexistent sweat from my forehead, I went and typed in my password. No sudden blast of electricity coursing through me. Good.
I opened up my word processor and started a document for a new story. It had been three years since I'd written anything. I couldn't just jump back into an old book I'd been working on. I needed time to refamiliarize myself with the art of writing.
So a new tale was the way to go.
I felt like writing a short-story/social-commentary on a dystopian society where the main source of food was shit, and the media would figure out clever ways of marketing shit to the people, and the big businesses would attempt to make shit more palatable. You can see the comparison to our own society—people forced to write. There's a lot of shitty writing out there.
Anyway, this is a little snippet of what I'd written:

Don't Forget To Wipe
(@MadMikeMarsbergen)
LYLE Bergenhammer squirted shit syrup on his shitcake, as he did for breakfast every single morning. Without much enthusiasm, he used his fork and knife to cut his breakfast into smaller pieces, and then he took those pieces and placed them in his mouth, on his tongue. He chewed and he chewed. The food was no good.
I just don't understand it, he thought to himself, I used to love eating this crap. But then yesterday I suddenly realized how shitty everything tastes. And the smell is shitty, too. Has the food changed, or have my taste-buds? And if the latter: Why?
Lyle set the utensils down on the plate and directed his attention to the television. Some shitty reality-show. A young girl, dressed in a spongy pseudo-shit-suit, was dancing erotically for her boyfriend, who'd just impregnated her for the first time. They were being praised for their apparently uncanny ability to procreate as soon as it was biologically possible.
Yay for them. I just don't get it. I used to love watching this show, used to love cracking open a bottle of carbonated diarrhea, after a long day of working my shitty job, and being a lump on the couch. Watching these two fools—and every other shithead like them—adding more bodies to the dumping-ground we call Earth. I watched them bang just last night. How'd they make it happen so fuckin' fast?
The TV went off. He set the remote down, then stood up and brushed down his shirt with his hands. Time to go to work. He grabbed his briefcase from the table and went to the door. One final look at his muddy brown breakfast. Then out the door and into the world he suddenly found himself loathing.
Lyle passed a group of kids huffing a bottle of jenkem—a concoction of piss and fecal-matter, and any other bodily-fluids the little shitters had thought of adding. They were laughing, wrinkling their noses and animatedly patting each other on the back, before urging each other to "have another hit of the good shit."
Yeah, job well done, kids. Good work. You just inhaled the intoxicating fumes of your own collective bowel-movements. Feel good about yourselves? Wait, what am I thinking? I was one of those turds when I was their age. I remember me, Jerry and Kyler were standing in that same alley—and a dozen or so other places—doing the very same thing. Shit, I remember the first time, too. All three of us swore we saw Big Turd's favourite prophet, Moshizz, telling us to keep on doing what we were doing, and we would find salvation and enlightenment.
Shaking his head, Lyle continued onward, feeling his briefcase banging against his knee as he walked. There was a patrol-station up ahead, and a whole line of people wanting (and waiting) to get through. He wasn't looking forward to the procedures. Not today. They tested you. Made you have a taste of something fresh they'd just shat out onto the pavement. Then they dipped their finger in, scooped out a little on their fingertip for you to try. First you had to sniff it. Then eat it. If you reacted like it was the best shit you'd ever had, they'd let you go on through. You were 'normal'.
I've heard of some guys who've grown disillusioned with this world. They try their damnedest to look 'normal', be 'normal'. They only seem able to take it for so long, and then they snap. They can't handle any more. They outright refuse to try the patrols' steamy dumps. They scream into the sky and shriek until their throat goes raw or their lungs pop. Whichever comes first. And then they're promptly shot. Right there on the street. For all to see. And when they shit their pants after dying, the whole crowd goes wild, starts to mob. Because the best shit you can get is the shit that comes from the dead.
Lyle realized he'd been standing in the middle of the street. A horse went past, carrying a cartload of people and dropping hot green turds as it trotted along. Naturally, people left the line momentarily to grab the luxurious horseshit, second only to bullshit on the seller's market.
Rather than continue straight—and into the clutches of the patrol-station—Lyle instead went right. A different street. A different direction. Maybe in life itself? he wondered.
"Psst!"
He turned.
"Psssst!" The other direction.
He turned the other way. A shape in the darkened alley. A hand reached out of the shadows and motioned him forward. He stepped towards it, until he was enveloped by the blackness. The hand touched his wrist, gently, and led him through the alley and into a connecting building. The hand flicked-on the light-switch and Lyle saw the mysterious stranger for the first time.
It was a woman. Blonde, beautiful, and she smelled like heaven. Like flowers kissed by a gentle spring rain, their petals stretching, reaching for the sun-filled sky, a rainbow leading the dreamers to where their hopes lay. When was the last time he'd smelled something like that?
"Who are you?" he asked her. "Why'd you whisper to me? Why'd you take me here?"
"I'm the leader of the resistance," she said to him, looking up at him. Her eyes were a clear blue, like glass. "The name's Enfant. Aburgundy Enfant."
"Resistance?" He shook his head, remembering what manners were. "Oh, sorry. My name's Lyle. Lyle Bergenhammer."
"I know," she said. "I've been watching you for some time."
"Watching me—?"
"I thought you would lose your taste for feces. I was right, wasn't I?"
"Yes. You were." He didn't know what else to say.
She found a dossier on the nearby desk. She took it, opened it and glanced down at what it contained. "Have you ever wondered why we have it hammered into our heads, ever since we're very young, the old adage... 'Don't forget to wipe'?"
Lyle scratched his head. "No, not really. I thought it was for sanitary reasons."
"The real reason is because they're collecting genetic information on us. They want our feces, Lyle. They collect it from the toilet paper we use to wipe. Why? Because they're making a monster. Take a look at this."
She showed him the contents of the dossier.
What he saw blew his mind.

Pretty good, huh? Anyway, that was just a little bit of the good stuff. When I'd finished, I looked out the window and saw the pink-orange swirls painting the clouds on the horizon. The Sun was setting. Pretty place out there.
I then tried to upload my finished short-story to the WattPad servers. But, of course, WattPad hadn't improved in the least since I'd been gone. I received an error stating the following: 'OOOPS...! LOOKS LIKE WE DUN SCREWED UP LOLZ! TRY AGEN L9ERZ, SK8ERZ LOLZ!'
Grinding my teeth together, I clicked back to my profile page and prepared to type a scathing message to my followers, one which would detail my complaints with the wonderfully inept coders under the employ of Lord WattPad.
Well, guys... I tried. I really did. Oh, right—I'm back! Free from the clutches of CrazyTown! But, yeah, anyway, I typed up a little short-story for you all, and I tried to post it. Of course, WattPad didn't want to work on my time. What's new? I guess those chain-smoking monkey-slaves they have working on the website's code could use some sleep or another round of powerful amphetamines, or something, because they clearly can't do their jobs correctly. Maybe it's time to put the whips away, Overlords of WattPad, and let these poor creatures go back to the jungles of Eurafrasia to see their families for a change. A couple bananas each—for some much-needed sustenance—wouldn't hurt, either. Anyway, I'll try again tomorrow, I guess. Useless bastards.
Notify all followers, and... send.
Gotta admit, I felt a lot better.
"Wanna watch some TV, moo?"
I nodded and joined Ollo on the couch. We snuggled together and turned on the TV. The only channel in the universe came on: WPTV. The anchorwoman—who was really an android—told us about the huge spike in WattLand's profits.
"And, yet," Ollo said, "I still make the same amount I did five years ago."
"Probably Parogar and the other one-percent reaping all the rewards," I said.
"Er, moo, I suppose you didn't hear, but... er... Parogar's gone."
"Woah, seriously?" Parogar was a legend. "Did he get shipped off to the Martian colony, or something?"
"He disappeared. Nobody knows where he is now. He just... vanished."
I didn't know what to say to that. Parogar was a guy you simultaneously loved and hated, and often loved to hate, too. A world without Parogar seemed... strange, different. I shook my head.
A stone bounced off the window to our right, startling me and Ollo. I got up, went over and looked outside. Down below, Mr. Shoot-Up Artist—the guy who gave me the hit of Green, earlier—stood on the sidewalk, rubbing his hands together. I opened the window and asked him what he wanted.
"Heeeey, maaaan! I was, like, tooold to giiive you this, maaan." He pulled back his arm, ready to throw something up.
"Hold on. I'll come down and get it."
I went downstairs and met the guy outside. Without saying another word, he handed me a slip of paper. He nodded and vanished into the quickly darkening night. Very eerie. I took the paper back upstairs and sat down beside Ollo. I read the note out loud.
"The resistance likes you. Meet Lord WattPad at 9AM."
"They... like you." Ollo sighed. "What does that mean?"
"I guess I'll find out."
She yawned. "I'm tired, moo."
"Let's do it again."
Her eyes lit-up with newfound energy. She took me by the hand, and we went off to bed and did it again.

6
THE apartment is dark. And in the darkness, the bluish glow of the closed laptop can be seen through the small crack where the screen meets the keyboard. The power was off when its owner had gone to bed. But here it is: up and running again, on its own accord.
An enormous paper-thin breast—covered by a white tank-top—slips through the crack, attaining its full, rounded size after entering the air. A woman slides herself out of the laptop, scanning the darkened room, holding a revolver made of bone-white bone. She motions to the laptop.
What looks to be a large green turd squeezes through the crack, its body pulsating to propel it forward into the world.
Next comes Santa Claus wielding a shotgun, with half his face sloughed-off to reveal shiny silver metal.
And before another strange creature can emerge through the mysterious portal positioned inside the laptop, voices sound in the other room. Now the creaking, groaning of the bed. And now bare feet slapping on the floor.
The woman frantically urges her companions to go back inside. Now is not the time. Back inside the laptop they go, somehow managing to downshift to a lower dimension of reality, becoming paper-thin once more. Slipping away. Back into hiding.
The light flips on but nothing seems awry. The laptop is off—as it should be—and there's not a glow to be seen. The man scratches his head, turns off the light and walks back to bed.

7
"SURE you didn't hear anything last night?" Ollo asked me as I got dressed for my meeting with Lord WattPad.
"Nope, I didn't. And I didn't see anything, either. Maybe it was a dream?"
"Hmm, okay." She didn't sound convinced, but I didn't know how else to explain it.
"How do I look?" I asked her, showing off my colourful Bob Marley t-shirt and my off-white shorts. "Professional?"
"Like you just took a hit of WattPot," she said, smiling.
I laughed. "Hey, as long as I don't look hip and cool." I grabbed my laptop. "In case I need to kill some time. Alright, I'm heading out."
Ollo sat down at her own laptop. "I better get back to my own chapter. These fans are vicious. One of them threatened to kill me if I don't have the chapter up by later today." She rolled her eyes. "I reported them to the WattCops, of course. Love you, moo."
I blew her a kiss. "Love you, too, loo." Out the door and downstairs.
Another cloudy day. Seemed like we got a lot of those. The weather-bots claimed it was a totally normal cycle, that one day the cycle would pass and we'd be back to mostly sunny days and cloudless blue skies. I didn't know if I believed that. It seemed to me like the Sun had stopped shining so often right around the time WattPad took over the world, and right around when the birds stopped flying, too. Countries ceased to exist. We all bowed down to the rule of the writers. Everybody was already losing themselves to stories, anyway. Back then, however, it was TV and movies winning the war for people's minds. People wanted to forget the stories of their lives and instead live vicariously through the lives of others. Books experienced a revival, like it'd been in the old days, as people wanted more story and more detail, which the big- and little-screen just couldn't provide. So Lord WattPad came into power. It was a unanimous decision. Apparently.
I hailed a cab. A big yellow clunker descended from the sky and rattled up to the curb. I leaned in and took a look at the driver. No idea whether he was an android or just a failed writer. The bots looked so real, it was often hard to tell whether their skin was actual skin, or just synthetic-substitute.
"Where to, boss?" the driver asked, still staring forward.
"Can you take me to the Palace Of Writing? I have an appointment with Lord WattPad himself, and need to be there fast."
"Sure thing. Hop in."
We ascended and flew at top-speed to WattPad HQ. The driver expertly swerved in and out of the flow of oncoming and ongoing air-traffic. As the world around me passed by in a blur of colour, I pondered whether his skill was the result of great human ability or mere computer programming.
Not long after, we stopped out in front of the high-rising tower, with the bulbous dome at its peak, that could only be the Palace Of Writing. I paid the driver and departed the cab with my laptop in hand. On the way to the Palace, I passed by a couple junkies. They sat under an artificial tree and were in the process of nodding off. One of them gave me a little upward nod—"we're down with you," that nod said. I nodded back, pondering the encounter, and continued up the steps to the Palace.

8
THOUGH I'd arrived early for the meeting, Lord WattPad stood waiting for me in the Palace's luxurious lobby. Crystal pillars rose from a polished, reflective silver floor to the glass ceiling. One could look straight up to the top of the spire, through the hundreds of different floors, seeing the cleverly arranged cubicles and the people walking to and fro. It was amazing.
Lord WattPad—real name: Wattley James Pad—greeted me with a crushing handshake, the perfect complement to my dead fish. He was rail-thin and wore a garish gold suit (made from real gold flakes), a salmon-coloured polo shirt, a bright lei of flowers around his neck, green-framed hipster sunglasses with shutters, and covering his frosted-tip hair was a trucker hat that read: 'BOW2ME'. A real humble guy.
"MadMikeMarsbergen," he said in a faux-French accent, "so pleased to meet your acquaintance. Would you like a fruity drink spiked with vegetables? Or some gluten-free crackers?"
"No."
"A man of business!" He laughed, high and girly. "Come, come, then. Let us get right down to the balls of it."
I followed Lord WattPad to the glass elevator and he hit the button for the eighth floor. The doors closed and the elevator began to rise. I was expecting some yawn-inducing Muzak to play, but instead I heard the definition of corporate try-hard 'music': pop-punk. The whiny vocals mewled out lyrics about "being the guy for you, girl / just want to be your heaven in this hell, baby / sometimes life makes me hurl, girl / and you're my stomach-settler, honey." Blech.
Lord WattPad hummed to it. Even tapped his gold-shoed feet.
"Why is everything made of glass?" I asked, but he didn't answer me.
The doors opened and we stepped out.
"Just this way, monsieur," he said. It sounded more like 'monster'.
It was weird walking on glass floors. Even weirder when we arrived outside of the glass room labelled 'Programmers' Quarters'. I didn't even need to go in—though we did—and I could still tell something was wrong.
"As you can see, MadMikeMarsbergen," Lord WattPad said, gesturing to the programmers hard at work, "things aren't good."
The programmers were all cigarette-smoking monkeys, chained-up to their workstations. Beside each were machines labelled 'AID', and a series of tubes pumped a liquid into the arms of each monkey while they tip-tapped away at WattPad's fragile web code. There were bananas dangling on a string above the head of each monkey, and they would attempt to reach it with their teeth but it was clearly too high. They'd shriek and howl afterward.
"What's AID stand for?" I asked. The first of many questions I had.
"After some testing of the liquid mixture, we've gathered it stands for Amphetamine Injection Device."
Damn. My little rant-post from last night seems to have come true, I thought to myself. "When did you first notice this?"
Lord WattPad turned to me. He'd flipped the shutters of his sunglasses closed. "Last night, after your itty-bitty message to your followers."
I didn't know what to say.
"I can tell you're as shocked as I am. MadMikeMarsbergen, do you know why you were sent to CrazyTown for resanitizing?"
I shook my head no.
"Because you claimed that laptop of yours could make monsters come to life..."
"This old thing?" I looked lovingly at my old machine. "Why don't we test it, then?"
Lord WattPad touched his nose. "Precisely my thoughts. Did you steal them from my mind?"
I didn't answer. Instead I opened my laptop and powered it up, ignoring Lord WattPad's small talk while I waited. Finally, I had the WattPad website open and ready. "What should we try?"
"Give me large breasts," he said, his breathing growing heavy. I felt the heat of it against the nape of my neck.
Feeling awkward—but what the hell, right?—I started typing.
Lord WattPad—with all his money and influence and power—lacks but one thing. Well, two. And those two things are enormous breasts—we're talking really damn super-huge. What he truly longs for is to fondle a nice pair of boobies, particularly ones attached to his own chest—due to his unthinkably immense narcissism. So let's give him these sought-for items of interest. Lord WattPad now has large breasts hanging from his chest.
I had barely hit send and Lord WattPad was already squealing with delight.
"Oh, how I love them!"
I turned around and saw him with two watermelon-sized knockers, their nipples erect, which he massaged, and moaned while he did so. I backed away, taking my laptop with me.
"Not so fast, monsieur! Do you have any idea what this means? This piece of hardware you possess is obviously unique, and incredibly powerful! I'm afraid I must take it from you, because this is a bug that needs to be squashed immediately! Give it here!" He had one hand extended towards me, the other still cupped around one of his newly acquired tits.
I didn't think. I just ran. To the elevator. Down to the ground floor. This was a weapon I held in my hands. And a weapon such as this would need to be used by only the wisest of minds—or destroyed. To protect us all.
The elevator doors opened and I bolted through the lobby, past the android-secretary and out the front-doors of WPHQ. While running down the path to the street, the two junkies from before were still out there. I nearly passed them by when one of them said, "Pssst!" They were standing up and didn't look drugged-out anymore. They motioned for me to come with them. Not knowing what else to do, I followed them through the winding streets of WattLand and into a normal-looking building.
Of course, it was anything but normal.

9
ONE of the junkies pulled off his mask. He revealed his true face to be not one of oozing pustules and bleeding sores, but instead one of rugged masculinity, a big brown beard serving as the upside-down whipped-cream to his face of vanilla ice-cream. He pulled out a cigarette, ignoring the two he had holstered behind each ear, lit it up and said: "Fuckity-fuck-fuck fuck-fuck-fuck."
The other not-junkie turned to him and said, "Gotta turn on your translator, boss."
The first not-junkie nodded and puffed on his smoke. After savouring the hit for a few moments, he pulled out a small device with a flashing green light. He fiddled with the buttons on it. The light turned red, no longer flashing. "MadMikeMarsbergen," he said, "welcome to the fuckin' resistance, matey."
"Who are you two guys?" I asked.
"Who—? Fuckin' A. What planet you livin' on, eh? Dipshitius? I'm fuckin' AngusEcrivain, ya cockjockey." He pulled out another cigarette, lit it, and popped it in his mouth next to its twin. "This other fucknut is JonathanMagistad."
JonathanMagistad took off his own junkie-mask and revealed himself to be a short guy with tanned skin, extremely high-powered glasses and some dirt above his upper-lip. Oh, sorry, those were hairs. "Just call me Firewalker," he said, holding out his fist for a bump. I bumped it. "Ow! Not so hard!"
I asked: "So you were the ones who contacted me last night...?"
AngusEcrivain nodded and lit-up another smoke. "Yessir, we kinda had a fucktard junkiecunt play messenger boy."
"Okay. And just to be clear, you're the resistance?"
"Aye we are, and you're the newest member, dicknose."
I felt my nose, self-consciously.
"First order of fuckin' business, mate, is we gotta start shuttin' down those fuckin' drones flyin' 'round and shit. You've got that magic laptop, aye? So start fuckin' workin' on it, dynamite-nuts."
"Okay, okay," I said, setting the laptop down at the nearby table and getting to my WattPad profile. "How many members?"
"Just us three," Firewalker said. "But I put up some flyers around town, so we might get some people real soon."
"Did ya fuckin' give 'em the fuckin' runaround like I said, kid?" Angus asked.
"Yeah, I put in phony contact-info. And created some riddles they'll have to solve. That oughtta thin out the herd a little. Give us the cream of the crop."
"Fuckin' great, mate."
"What should I write?" I asked.
"Fuckin' A, I dunno. Ain't you a writer, shitstick? Write the great ponce Lord WattPad himself gettin' bloody castrated by a trio o' horny fuckin' donkeys trippin' balls on mescaline. Whatever sounds best to ya."
I started writing.
The city is in shock. WattLand is in shock. Ripping and roaring through the thronged thoroughfares are a savage pack of drugged-up drug-mules, and dragging behind them—chained by the gonads and his new set of jugs—is Lord WattPad himself. His screams can be heard for miles. And as he's thrown through the streets, smashing his head from curb to pole to post, the people all wake from one collective nightmare. The old masters and this hellish society must be purged. Today is a new beginning. The future is now.
"That's fuckin' it?" Angus said, lighting another cigarette after having read my world-changing technomagic.
"It's a start, isn't it? It shouldn't take too long to begin... Anyway, I don't see you helping much."
"Eh, mate, show some fuckin' respect to me, would ya, cuntknuckle? I did you a favour, ya? So shut your fuckhole and let's work togeth—!"
There was a sudden din coming from outside. The streets. Screams amidst cheers.
The three of us shared a knowing glance. We all raced outside—myself with the laptop in hand.
Upon exiting the resistance base, it was very apparent that my little 'story' had come true. People were shouting their approval as Lord WattPad—gold flakes falling from his suit—was flung across the pavement at the thundering heels of a group of nude men with bags of cocaine jammed up their rears. Sure enough, long chains were connected to him in four different places, hooks digging through his pants and polo shirt into his well-developed balls and breasts.
It was quite a sordid sight, but the people were loving it, drinking it all in. Orange-and-white cotton candy was being blown and spun on the spot; little kids were racing around, playing tag with each other and waving their balloon animals; even the elderly were out and about, clapping and dancing carefully, so as to not break their brittle bones. It was a time to be alive. A time to share with those you love.
I found it quite amazing how many liberties the world had taken, in regards to my little paragraph of technomagic. But I wasn't complaining. It was inspiring. It was great.
The festivities continued on throughout the day, even after Lord WattPad was crushed—quite purposely, I might add—by a descending helibus, his guts staining the pavement in a long red smear for miles.
This was a brave new world, and we the people were its makers. It seemed like nothing could go wrong. But, of course, once I got back home to Ollo, things inevitably did go wrong. Very, very wrong.

10
IT all started after I'd shared the good news with—and then made love to—Ollo. We'd decided to do it on the couch, so that damned laptop was within our sight. We saw everything—or would have, if we'd not been so enamoured with each other, lost in the love. The glowing light. The strange creatures—people, and otherwise; all from my own stories—emerging from the small crack between the screen and keyboard of the laptop.
It's funny. If I hadn't thought to try some technomagical bedroom 'experimentation', those freaks from my mind would've probably been staring at us the whole time. How long? Who knows. Maybe they would've grown tired of our motions and killed us both. Just for fun. And for scarring them. Because children are never quite the same after spying their parents doing the dirty deed, are they?
Anyway, I pulled out of Ollo and turned toward the laptop. Then I saw them, just standing before us. Who? Them. From my stories. Isabella Sistrane. Atom the alien. Cyborg Santa. Tex Hotsauce. The remaining members of Tes-Locket Of My Heart. Raz the time traveller. Alan 'Fart-Face' Alphesia. Captain Beefheart (no relation to the now-dead musician/painter). With blood on their faces, hatred in their eyes and murder on their minds.
"Yooooooooou..." they all moaned to me like zombies.
I didn't think, just reacted. Throwing Ollo her clothes and telling her to run, I pushed through my crazed creations and grabbed the laptop. Ollo had already gotten her shirt on and was waiting outside, stepping into her jeans. I was still naked, covering myself with the laptop. I powered the laptop on, waited for it to load so I could write us some much-needed assistance.
The things birthed from my stories stepped out of the apartment, their lifeless eyes staring into my soul, knowing what scars it had seared into it because they were my babies, they were mine. They didn't like the circumstances of their births, I think.
My laptop was just loading up the startup programs. Damn thing.
Cyborg Santa fired at us with his shotgun. We ran for cover, luckily dodging a shell headed for my spine, but which instead found its way in the cement just behind me.
My laptop was ready to go. I went to open WattPad and—damn it! It didn't exist!
Okay, plan B.
My word processor.
I started typing.
Begone ye monsters of my mind. Your flesh is tainted with the stains of mania. Do not dare to live and breathe and breed in this world, because this world is not yours in which to do so. You come from a place so very far from here, a place where ideas are thoughts and nothing more. So begone beasts, begone bastard-childs. Return once more to the womb of wonder, the source of your search for something more. Return to the mind that made you. For it is time, my cursed creations, to meet your maker, and live nevermore.
 But nothing happened. Shit.
"Ollo," I said, "I love you."
"I love you," she told me.
And we took off running.

11
WE'VE tried writing them out of existence. For some reason, it doesn't seem to work with them. But what does work is writing security and other allies into existence. Sure, maybe that's a risky thing to do—they could turn on us at any time, like my old babies did—but Ollo and I have to take all the risks we can.
These things, they're unkillable.
We've been on the run for months now, just moving from place to place, city to city, town to town. Finding salvation for sometimes seconds and sometimes days. It never does last for very long. And even if we get a good few days of relief, it's not as good as it could be.
We're afraid, you see.
Because at any moment, one of those... things could step out of nowhere and shoot us both in the face, torture us even. I never should've armed any of them with weapons. But how was I to know they'd crawl out of the pages of my stories and turn on me?
What was that...? Ollo, is that you?
I hear something. Stepping through the field of grass. It's dry and it's crispy. And dead. The Sun is beating down, these days. Looks like the weather-bots were right. And the bug that bit back is still biting.
There it is again. That sound. Maybe if I just poke my head out...

To Live and Die for TK

PROLOGUE

i
THE WRITER leaves The Tevun Krus Times Building in a storm of drunken, drugged-up bravado. While shrugging into his leather jacket covered in metal-band-logo patches, he throws open the building's double doors, hitting a couple Editors coming back from their lunchtime recharge. They go spinning, do cartwheels and flips, fall into a nearby puddle and short circuit. The writer turns around, just as his boss comes out to beg for his forgiveness.
"And another thing," the writer says, taking a few seconds to whip out a crack pipe and fire it up. "I expect a raise. I'm the only thing keeping this shithole afloat, so if you want me to stay, I need a pay raise of, oh, let's say another hundred grand per day." He grins devilishly. One eyebrow raises. "Or I can just start my own magazine of kick-ass stories and run you knobs out of town. Your choice, grandma." Finished with his crack, he chucks the pipe at the pair of broken-down Editor-bots currently having seizures in the shallow pool of water. "You fuckers need me like I need a whore and some cocaine."
"Yes, yes," the writer's boss says pitifully. "Whatever you say, mate. We'll do anything for you, Hot-Shot! After all, you are our star! And you're right. We need you." He goes to his knees in another puddle, soaking himself to his crotch. "Will you please fuckin' stay?" He puts his hands together, raises them to just below his chin, a universal plea for help. "Pleeease?"
The writer smirks on one side of his mouth, showing off that one dimple which gets him both free girls and free drugs. He puckers his lips, like how he does in the magazine photo-ops. Relishing the moment, he pulls out a bottle of cheap warm beer he had stashed inside his jacket for exactly this kind of moment. He takes his sweet time in twisting the cap off. Relishes it. Raises the bottle to the sky, as if toasting the world for his own success and egocentricity. He chugs it, embracing the taste of foamy piss all bad beer has, wipes his mouth with satisfaction. Looking up at his boss, who's now soaked up to his nipples, he says: "I'll think about it."
"Th-Thank you," the boss whimpers, before being struck by the empty beer bottle.
The writer takes off, hops into his overly expensive convertible, hits a few buttons on the dash to call up his main side-girl. He gets the car going and screeches out of the illegal parking zone, making sure to leave a wicked skid the road crew'll never remove. On the back of the car, his custom licence plate can be seen: HOT-SHT, meaning either Hot-Shot or Hot-Shit; both applicable.
Drumming his fingers on the steering wheel, sitting lazily because he's super-buzzed, his main side-girl finally picks up. "Yo, baby, get your legs open, 'cause Daddy's comin' to fool around with your three holes. Hell, maybe I'll find a way to give you a fourth, too." He hangs up before she can reply, not that he cares what she has to say.
Driving way above the speed limit, the writer pounds his horn, throws fingers every which way, and curses at people jumping out of his car's path. Not looking where he's going, he tugs open the compartment between the two front seats, rooting around for his cocaine. He tears open a baggie and dumps some powder along his forefinger. He snorts the line, sniffing and making faces. "Fuck! I think that was my powdered 'shrooms!" He shrugs and dumps the rest of the baggie's contents into his mouth, pulls out a can of beer from the glove box to wash it all down with.
He sees his main side-girl waiting outside her apartment. He pulls up and narrowly misses a homeless man, scaring the guy awake. "Get in the fuckin' car, babe."
Daintily, she hops in, augmented breasts and butt bouncing.
"Hey, give this to that poor guy there." He stuffs a wad of cash into her hands, along with a fun-bag containing a whole rainbow of illicit narcotics. Charity was close to his heart.
"Ew, I'm not touching him!"
"Where's your sense of social support, babe? Give him the goods. He looks like he could use a chemically induced lift to help him get back on his feet."
"Screw you!"
The writer grabs her by the throat, menacingly breathes bad breath into her face and takes her ear between his teeth. "Do it..." Nibbles.
"Ow!"
"Do it!"
"Okay! Okay!" She tosses the cash and drugs into the homeless man's lap.
They take off. The homeless man waves in appreciation before checking out what Santa brought him.
"I'm so hungry, I could eat you out," the writer says, honking his horn at an old lady attempting to legally cross the street. She doesn't move in time and he runs her down, biting his lip and breathing heavily when he feels the ba-bump of her corpse beneath his wheels. He pulls into WattPad Bad Food—We Make Crap! "But I'll grab some crap first, and then have the fine dining after." He wiggles his eyebrows at his main side-girl, then gives his crack-hardened trouser snake a squeeze.
In the drive-thru, he shouts into the speaker: "Yeah, get me a Double WattCrap with cheese and bacon and all that other crap. And I want some fries, too, you little turd, so don't short me like you did last time I was here. And a soda, too." He turns to his woman. "Babe, whaddya want? Oh, fuck, I forgot. You can't think for yourself, so I'll tell you what you want." Back into the speaker: "Get the lady a foot-long WattWiener. That oughtta prepare her for dessert. Oh, on second thought, just get her a Watty—she looks like she could use a whole lotta nothin'."
He floors it to the first window. An advertisement for WattPad Janitorial Services—We Clean Our Own Crap!—is plastered to it, along with the numbers of all sorts of hookers and drug dealers looking for new customers. He tears off a few numbers and throws them in his jacket pocket. Can never have enough dealers and skank-ass ho's. Drums his fingers on the steering wheel. Chugs another beer. "Come on, what the fuck is the wait!?"
The second window opens and an android looks out, waves him to come forward. He floors it to the second window, screeching to a stop.
"Hi, welcome to WattPad Bad Food, where we make cra—"
"Shut up, 'droid. Give me my damn food. Here's the stinkin' money, 'droid. And here's a tip: Drop dead. Ahahahaha! Here's the punchline: You can't die of old age, freak! You're doomed to live forever, even after this planet is a barren, irradiated wasteland! Hahaha!"
The writer races off, burger in hand. Munching on fries. Slurping on a soda. The main side-girl sips on a Watty, a cup of melting crushed ice with clumps of pubic hair and other floor scrapings tossed inside for flavour.
His mansion is located on the purple prose–laden hills of Wyndixie Loch. Only the rich and famous can afford to live there. Actors and businessmen, mainly, though also high-rolling drug dealers. Only one other writer has ever resided in Wyndixie, but they died years ago.
Screeching into his driveway, the writer kills the engine and stumbles into the mansion. He stops along the way to find the drug stashes hidden under rocks and mats, then he snorts them, eats them, swallows them and plugs them. His main side-girl follows, hiking up her skirt to leave her orifices readily available.
A day of drug-fuelled debauchery commences. One might even say it was an orgy, if one accepts the vivid hallucinations the writer saw as being applicable participants in said orgy, of course.

ii

THEN, COME nightfall: A mysterious figure approaches from the darkness. A machete in hand. They hear the forceful grunts and the gasps and moans of pleasure, the squirts and farts and sloshes of lubrication. Stepping closer. Seeing two figures engaged in sinful, carnal acts.
"Oh, hell yeah! Shove your finger deep in my ass!" the writer roars as he continues to piledrive his main side-girl.
The machete-wielding figure stops, confused by this revelation. For the woman is on her stomach, angled down from the couch to the floor, hands beside her head. No nearby fingers available to shove deep in asses.
Creeping around, so as to have a better look. And there is the culprit. A small robot designed purely for prostate stimulation. Mechanical finger wedged deep in the writer's crack.
Only one thing left to do.
They raise the machete.

1

THE TEVUN KRUS TIMES
Monday March 21, 2016
MIKE MARS, HOT-SHOT WRITER FOR TEVUN KRUS—RAPED, MUTILATED, MURDERED!

'NOT NECESSARILY IN THAT ORDER, EITHER,' SAYS ANDROID POLICE CHIEF THX 1138
by Rollie Nelson
The Tevun Krus Times staff writer
A precious moment of silence for the dearly departed, bloodily buggered Mike Mars...

Okay, moment's over—now let's get on with the fun!

---
ANGUS ECRIVAIN slammed the TK-reader to the floor and proceeded to dance across its shattered screen. He kicked pieces of the device around his office, working up a very normal amount of sweat in this latest tirade. He was sick to his stomach. Mike Mars! An asshole and an outright royal cunt: sure; a womanizer and a dope fiend: who wasn't?; but a damn good writer: definitely.
Dead.
Now who was gonna write fuckin' kickass stories for his fuckin' hit magazine?
Reflexively, he grabbed an e-cig from his keg. Took a satisfying drag—or what would have been a satisfying drag if the damned dystopian government hadn't replaced his smokes with these shitty, one-time-use vapes. The e-cig exploded with a loud pop. Black smoke came pouring out the tip. He quickly inhaled what he could, desperate to catch some kind of buzz, then tossed it.
He grabbed another. "You gotta smoke these fuckin' things 'til they explode just to get a little tingle in your pinkie." Angus tossed another exploded e-cig into the trash bin, which was already overflowing with that morning's exploded e-cigs.
And just yesterday he'd been worried Mike Mars was going to quit! Little punk made him beg. And now he was dead...
Growling in response to his thus-far horrid day, he hit the buzzer for his assistant.
Vera Elveloy took her sweet time answering his call. "You rang?" she asked, standing at his door.
"I did, yes. Ten minutes ago."
She nodded, not caring, then pointed at the bits and pieces of TK-reader scattered throughout the room. "You saw the news, I take it?"
Angus nodded grimly. He was now taking apart an e-cig to try and drain it of its liquid nicotine. Maybe he could drain a bunch of them and make a roll-up with bleached paper... Soak it in the liquid, smoke it... Somehow. Damn government banned lighters, too.
"We've got some applicants who want to fill the role, if you'd like to see them."
He looked up, eyes slitted. "Not even waiting for his ice-cold dong to be surgically reattached postmortem? Assuming they can find it, anyway..."
"Sorry," she said, "but we need his pages filled. He might've been a big smelly bag of douche, but, man, could he write up a storm."
"You're telling me. So... they any good?"
"The new applicants? Hell no to most of them, but there is one who caught my eye..."
"Send 'em in," Angus ordered. "And see if you can get Esteban to drain these fuckin' useless things." He gestured hopelessly to the keg of e-cigs.

2

CARL DANGLEBERRIES sat on the bench in the TK Times Building's lobby, sweating buckets from his armpits. He was here for a potential job interview, had submitted his story and was awaiting evaluation.
Man, this is intense, he thought to himself as he watched the secretary put down her phone, then order the janitor into screwing around with a kegful of e-cigarettes. And I can't believe Mike Mars is dead! The guy was a legend in short-story writing, and had earned himself a name as a bit of a bad boy, with his first-class taste for girls and guns, and a penchant for drugs.
The article the TK Times had put out that very morning on his death read like a horror story, or maybe a grisly mystery. The detectives involved were stumped, had no idea why the killer had decided it'd been necessary to chop off Mike Mars' balls and bat them around with a ping pong paddle—assuming the bloody paddle and the bloody table, and the bruised pair of balls beside, were anything to go by, of course. Such violence. Clearly someone who had a deep-seated hatred for the writer whose words were adored by so many. Jealousy? Maybe a rival? Or a jilted lover, perhaps? After all, the girl he'd been dating—one of a good many—had been killed as well, just as brutally; though she'd barely been mentioned in the article, just a one-sentence, oh-yeah-and-a-chick-was-offed-too sort of thing.
Carl shivered at the thought. He could only imagine the fear Mike Mars had been feeling at that moment, the pain. It was nauseating to think about. He set his TK-reader aside and figured a distraction was in order. There was a lot of action in this futuristic-looking building. The doors, aside from the front doors, slid open when they sensed your movements, like how they always were in sci-fi stories. Editor-bots plugged in to the building's mainframe to see what stories needed editing. Human writers went to and fro, always on the move. It was a wonder how they got any work done.
Speaking of work: his own story. Did they like it? It was about a guy living in a dystopian world centred around feces. Maybe a smidgen derivative of Mike Mars' own work; maybe a little phoned-in, but hey, what the hell, right? Carl was a huge fan of Mike Mars, maybe even his number-one fan. They'd called him in at dawn, after the news broke out of the brutal murder. And Carl hadn't seen anyone else there for the job, not when he'd arrived and not after, while he was waiting. That was good, right? He drummed his fingers on his knees, waiting for some kind of reassurance. The secretary seemed to be ignoring him. Not once did she look his way.
Maybe I should just walk out? he wondered—but then a woman with short, spiky blonde hair was marching his way. Her expression was unreadable. She stopped in front of the bench he was sitting on, her eyes wandered past him, down the otherwise-empty bench. Then back to him.
"Carl Dangleberries, I take it?"
"Y-Yes."
"G-Good," she said, and he felt his face redden in embarrassment. "Come this way. Angus will see you now."
Angus! Jesus Christ with a crowbar! Angus! If there was anyone who even came close to Mike Mars' legendary status, it was Angus Ecrivain, the founder of Tevun Krus, the world's greatest magazine and source of news. And I'm meeting him! Carl shouted inwardly. He read my work!
Carl followed the spiky-haired woman through the building, and then he realized it was none other than Vera Elveloy herself. She was a popular writer in her own right, and Angus' second-in-command. "So, um, Vera?"
"Yes, Carl?"
She said my name! He took a deep breath to centre himself. "Um, Vera, what— What did Angus think of my writing?"
"He hasn't read it." She spun around. "But I did. And it was pretty good. Not 'Mike Mars' good, but you could be close to his level one day, kid. So keep it up." She pointed to an empty, rounded space with a windowed wall on one side. The view outside showed a graffitied alley, and a drug dealer standing guard, looking for new customers. "His statue is going there, by the way." She nodded to herself and seemed to wipe a tear from her eye, then continued walking.
After heading up a few flights of auto-walking stairs, passing numerous quaint offices and cubicles, they finally arrived at the office of Angus Ecrivain. He was in the middle of yelling at his broken TK-reader, when Vera knocked on the wall beside the open door.
"Come the fuck in," Angus said, motioning. "I won't bite. Not unless you wear nicotine-scented perfume. Then I'll fuckin' devour you."
"Uh," Carl said, sitting down in the chair opposite Angus.
"Did I say sit the fuck down? No. Now stand the fuck up."
Carl jumped from the chair.
"Just fuckin' with ya, kid. Now sit the fuck down."
He hesitated, looked back and saw Vera was no longer standing at the door, then sat down again.
"So, Dangleberries... English, is it?"
"Actually, I think it's Welsh."
"Doesn't sound Welsh to me. Do you make it a habit of lying? Or are you just stupid?"
"Um."
"Just fuckin' with you, mate." Angus sighed, collapsed into his chair. "Been under a lot of stress as of late..."
"It's horrible," Carl said, trying to pay his respects.
Angus began to weep. His face reddened. His hair fell down over his eyes, but that didn't seem to be enough. He covered what remained with one large, hairy hand, sobbing hysterically in a way that made Carl quite uncomfortable.
"Angus...? I— I know it must be difficult with Mike Mars dead, all—"
"I need a fuckin' buzz!"
The janitor poked his head into the room. "Mr. Angus, sir." He came in with a stack of paper and a jar filled with clear yellow liquid. He placed both on the desk. "Your nicotine, sir. Drained and ready, sir."
"Oh, thank fuck," Angus said, rolling the sheet into an extra-long smoke. He licked the free end and stuck it in place, then dipped the whole thing into the jar. "You're a life-saver, Esteban."
Esteban smiled. "Thank you, Mr. Angus, sir. And, sir— Oh, no, it's not my place to say."
"No, what the fuck is it, Esteban?"
"I was going to say, sir—" The janitor looked around, seemed to study Carl carefully for a moment.
"Don't worry about him, mate. He ain't a bleedin' rat. And if he is, we'll let him wear a pair of cement shoes and take him on a scenic stroll downriver."
Esteban took out a lighter. "Please don't tell on me, sir. I could lose my job and my janitorial licence." He handed it to Angus. "It's all I have, sir."
"Esteban, I'm gonna name my fuckin' left nut after you, buddy." Angus sparked the lighter and his roll-up went up in flames. "Woooooh!" He puffed the cig, breathed it deep and even tried to catch the excess smoke coming off the lit end. "That's fuckin' better!"
Bowing and smiling, the janitor left the room.
"So, Carl, I understand you want to fill Mike Mars' space. Did you know his name wasn't even Mike Mars? His real name was Levi Yehuda Stienstein. I told him it looked too fuckin' Jewy, that the readers wouldn't read his writing 'cause they're a bunch of white-trash knobs, and he gladly changed it to something more Anglo-Saxon. That was the type of cunt old Mike Mars was. Gave it his all, no matter what it took, until his very last breath."
"I'm sure he did," Carl said.
Angus raised his eyebrows. "And what's that supposed to fuckin' mean? Eh?"
"N-Nothing. Just that he was a great writer, and I'm sure he lived life to the fullest, even to his unfortunate demise."
"Interesting choice of words there. Anywho, Vera says you're the best of the bunch, the most tasteful of the turds we've got, so welcome to the team, I guess. Your office is at the back, near the backed-up shitter. Mind the smell, won't you?"
Carl remained frozen in his seat. He felt his mind going fuzzy, felt a blackout might be on the way. He needed to take his medicine. That would be the first thing he'd do when he reached his office.
"Well, go on, get a move on, Carl. I want a story on my desk by tomorrow morning."
"Thank you, Angus, sir! I'll get right on it!" Carl Dangleberries left the office with a grin on his face. He jumped for joy and smoked his knee on a filing cabinet.
"That's the bloody cunt I just hired." Angus shook his head.

3

i

NANCY BLEW, the sole human detective for the city's police force, found an available spot in the parking lot of The Tevun Krus Times Building. Her robot counterparts were at a dead end with the investigation, totally stumped. The killer/rapist/mutilation-artist extraordinaire was good. Maybe too good. Their DNA had been found on the machete's hilt, but there were no known matches in the world's criminal databank. They had no leads that seemed even halfway decent. Her fellow detectives were saying it must be a woman, as Mike Mars was notorious for his all-encompassing, trashy taste in jealous, self-esteem-lacking girls. Only a woman scorned could have had the unrequited love–motivated bloodlust to commit such a brutal act, so the other detectives said.
But Nancy had different theories in mind.
She stepped out of the vehicle. It automatically locked and engaged its silent alarm—machine-gun turrets hidden in fifteen different places on the car's chassis—and made her way towards the entrance.
This was clearly the work of a psychotic colleague or envious wannabe. Nancy had a list of names: her suspects. All except one were employed by TK itself—the one exception was actually presently seeking employment...
She entered the building and showed her badge to the smiling, pigtailed secretary. "Detective Nancy Blew. I'm here to ask some questions regarding the death of Mike Mars. I need to see Angus Ecrivain, please."
The secretary's smile faltered. "I'm not sure he wishes to see you just now, Miss Blew. Mr. Ecrivain has been under a great deal of stress, and I'm afraid—"
Nancy yanked one of the secretary's pigtails, pulling the girl towards her. "Now you listen to me, missy. I am conducting an investigation, and if you or your superiors do anything to hinder said investigation—if you so much as fart when I'm in the same room—I will make your lives very, very miserable. I can promise you that."
"Y-You're hurting me..."
Nancy gave a final tug. "Good." She let go. "Now, tell Angus Ecrivain I'm here to see him."
The secretary pushed a button on her intercom. "Mr. Ecrivain, sir?"
A fuzzy voice replied: "The fuck is it, Wendy? I'm trying to have a wank here."
"Um, Detective Nancy Blew is here to see you, sir. She says it's about Mike Mars."
Out-of-breath puffing. A groan. The sound of a belt being buckled and a zipper being zipped. "Send her up immediately."
Nancy nodded and followed the signs. She found Angus in his office, puffing away on a roll-up with a six-inch-high flame on the end of it. If all this turned sour, at least she could bust him for the crime of smoking. "Angus Ecrivain?"
"The one and only, in the flesh." He stood to shake her hand. "What was your name again? Blow?"
"Blew. Nancy Blew."
"That's right! Aren't you the only human—"
"The only human detective, yes," she said impatiently. "Mr. Ecrivain—"
"Please, call me Angus, Miss Blew."
"Alright, Angus. Angus, I assume you know how this will go... The nature of my visit involves suspects, leads, and asking a hell of a lot of questions and making a hell of a lot more accusations."
He nodded and nearly caught his hair on fire. "Naturally."
"I think it's best if we gather every one of my suspects together. But first: Has a... Carl Dangleberries been in to see you?"
Angus raised an eyebrow. "Who, Dingdong? Yes. Matter of fact, I employed him not ten minutes ago."
"Really?" she said, surprised. "That makes my job easy. Do you make it a habit of replacing your staff less than twenty-four hours after their murder, Mr. Ecrivain?"
He shook his head and took a long drag off his smoke. "Angus, please. And, fuck no. But Mike Mars was a strange breed. Without him, who knows how long we'll last? We need to fuckin' try our damnedest. Dip a toe into the talent pool and see what bites. And it wasn't even my idea to hire so soon, you should fuckin' know, before you make wild accusations, Miss Blow—"
"Blew."
"Blew, Blow—it all involves the same sordid shit, whether you already did it or not." He sneered. "Anywho, my assistant Vera actually okayed Carl's application. She read his shit, and she told me we were already hiring for Mike Mars' unfortunate vacancy. So maybe—" He slammed the desk with his fists. "—just fuckin' maybe, you should be taking this shit up with her!"
Nancy nodded, slowly. "Quite a temper you've got on you, Angus. Zero to sixty in about point-four seconds. You could give a Ferrari a run for its money."
"Fuck off, princess." Another long drag. "In case you weren't aware, my magazine's hot-shot writer was found with his severed head shoved up his blood-lubricated arse. I think I'm entitled to a little swing of the mood, no?"
"Oh, but of course. My apologies. You said Vera wanted to fill in Mike Mars' role so soon? What a coincidence! She's also a suspect."
Angus smiled. "Then I suggest we hurry the fuck on and get to the bottom of this bloody nightmare."
Still not entirely convinced Angus wasn't the killer, Nancy said, "Then allow me to tell you the rest of my suspects."
"Super. We can gather everyone in here."

ii
POLICE BITCH.

Making trouble where you have no right to be.

Like the arrogant Mike Mars.

Asshole.

Dead asshole, now.

Maybe others will get a chance to shine under the spotlight.

Watch out, bitch.

You've got another thing coming...

4

SHE WENT around the offices, meeting her suspects and telling them where the interview was—she said interview, as opposed to interrogation; studies showed it kept suspects' guards down ninety percent better.
Vera Elveloy was easy to find, as her desk was just outside Angus' office. She was an attractive woman, dressed to impress, and Nancy naturally wondered if her and Angus were banging one another.
"Vera, I'm Detective Nancy Blew. We're doing an interview in Angus' office."
She scowled and looked up from her computer. "Is it mandatory? I'm sorta in the middle of this sexy romance bit."
"Did I say I was a detective? I did, didn't I."
With a sigh, Vera tapped out a few more words then stomped off into Angus' office. Bit of an attitude on that one.
Nancy snuck a peek at Vera's screen, looking for possible clues or psychological breadcrumbs—potential evidence of her character via her fictional writing.
With the anti-gravity in effect, Nathaniel went down—or rather, up—on Jason, and Eve watched while Indigo slid her tongue between Eve's bubble-shaped—

Oh god. Nancy shuddered away the mental images. Nothing of use in there; no over-the-top, fictitious murders involving a man named Mitch Mercury or Markie Venus. She eased the desk drawers open and sifted through the various crap within. Nothing jumped out at her, so she slid the drawers back in.
Rollie Nelson was next. He'd written the gruesome article on Mike Mars' murder, pumped it out fairly quickly, seemed to have taken an unhealthy interest in all the gory details when he'd visited the crime scene, too. And she thought the article read like he'd taken great pleasure in writing Mars' death. As if it had been something he'd longed for, dreamed of doing.
Nancy peeked into Rollie's office and saw it was completely dark, other than the sickly glow of the computer screen. She went in, flicked the switch on the wall and the sudden abundance of light in the room hit Rollie's face. He covered his eyes and hissed.
Rollie Nelson. Pale enough to wonder how well he was sleeping at night, now that Mike Mars was dead. His black hair hung across his forehead. He looked at her with a curled lip. He shrugged, shoulders slumped inside his black, see-through mesh shirt. He had a nose ring with a pentagram dangling from it. His ears were pierced with miniature bloody-edged daggers, little AK47s hanging from their hilts.
"What do you want?" he asked her.
"Rollie Nelson. We meet again."
"You just can't get enough of me," he muttered to himself.
"I could stand a little more of you if you showered regularly," she shot back.
He hissed, then looked away, beaten.
"There's a good little pet." Nancy took a moment to gloat. "Angus' office. Pronto. Got some questions for you."
"What's wrong with right here?" He gestured to his shadowy lair. Darkened pictures of naked ladies dressed head-to-vulva in S&M gear serenaded her from the walls. "Do I... scare you?"
"More like sicken me. Anyway, get a move on. Or I'll come back and crack open the blinds."
He hissed at her as she left. Creep.
Just Carl Dangleberries himself left. His office was the one that reeked like a toilet and lacked a name plate. She barged inside. "Hello, Carl—"
"Woah!" Pills went flying, scattering across the floor and the desk. A skinny little nerd juggled the empty pill bottle from palm to palm and failed at catching it. It, too, went flying. "Damn, my medicine," he said.
"Carl Dangleberries?" Nancy asked, as she bent down and retrieved the pill bottle. She couldn't help but read the label. An antipsychotic... Take twice daily, or whenever required.
Carl snatched it away, gave her a reproachful look. Maybe some worry in those eyes, too. "Yeah, that's me. Can you help me collect all my pills? I need them."
She nodded and quickly helped him gather his medication. "Carl, I understand you've just been hired."
"Y-Yeah, I'm lucky, I guess."
"Great timing, isn't it?"
"Oh, sure, I guess. I-I mean, Mike Mars had to die, so that sucks."
"Had to?"
He looked at her nervously, his lower lip trembled. "Well, I wouldn't be here if he was still alive..."
"You were a fan of his, weren't you?" She knew he was a huge fan. She'd read all the gushing letters he'd sent to Mike Mars—they'd been stashed in the murdered man's desk drawer, along with the rest of his fan-mail, every letter spattered liberally with Mike's own dried tears, so the chemical analysis suggested.
"Oh, yeah, was I ever!" Carl said, now animated. "My own writing obviously has a Mike Marsian influence. Hard not to, when he was just so good."
"So you'd say you're deeply moved by his death?"
He nodded once, eyes cast downward. Sighed. "The world lost a unique voice on that day..."
"Carl, I'm Detective Nancy Blew. I'm here to find out who killed Mike Mars. Some of your coworkers are meeting me in Angus' office. I'd like to ask you to come along."
"Okay, sure. Not sure how much help I'll be," he said, getting up. "But anything to avenge Mike Mars."
The pair of them went to meet the others.

5

i

A PRESENT for you, Police Bitch.

Delivered to your door.

Hope you like it.

Hope you choke on it.
ii
"SINCE MRS. Parish is away on maternity leave," Nancy started, eyeing her four suspects, "I feel confident enough leaving her out of the picture, unless she had her baby hanging on her breast for dear life while she hacked the man to pieces, then took the time to change the boy's diaper and freshly powder his smooth, soiled ass. The rest of you, I can think of a reason or two why you would kill Mike Mars..."
"Wait," Carl said, looking around, "we're suspects?" He started hyperventilating.
"Calm down, Carl."
He stopped.
"Good. Now, allow me to begin." Nancy paced back and forth, hands behind her back, shooting long, penetrating looks at each of the four. "Angus Ecrivain. We'll start with you."
The man compulsively lit-up another hand-rolled, bleached-paper-soaked-in-liquid-nicotine cigarette.
"Witnesses say Mike Mars threatened to quit yesterday, even going so far as to embarrass you in public, just outside the front doors of this very building. He demanded more money. He was later found quite dead." She stopped before Angus and stared into his bloodshot eyes. "Did you do it? You're obviously unhinged, the way you chain-smoke those illegal cigarettes. You're prone to mood-swings, sometimes violent ones." Nancy gestured to the remains of the broken TK-reader scattered about the floor.
"I didn't kill him," Angus said firmly.
"Maybe you had a psychotic episode and thought he was a zombie? You've been writing a lot of zombie stories lately, haven't you, Angus? Maybe you're too deep in your own world..."
"Piss off, Blow. I'm not a nutter."
She smirked. "Vera Elveloy."
The woman stared daggers at her.
"Sources say Mike Mars once tried to seduce you. You turned him down and he became more pushy."
"I gave him a swift kick to the nuts," she said. "Then broke his wrist. So what?"
Nancy nodded. She knew all this. "And I hear in retaliation, he sabotaged one of your stories, replacing all the romantic scenes with—and I quote—'Mike Mars' boner was here,' over and over again."
Vera's face reddened. "Nothing five minutes of my time couldn't fix."
"But the humiliation you felt lives on to this very day, doesn't it? And the rumours he spread about you two, as well. I believe he claims you preferred it up the—"
"SHUT UP!"
Nancy's eyebrows raised. "You've got a temper on you, too. Tsk-tsk." She stopped in front of Rollie, now. "Rollie Nelson. The way I hear it, you've been after Mike Mars' job for a few years now, isn't that right?"
He shrugged. "So?"
"Maybe now you'll get it... The increased fame and the increased pay. Awful convenient that he dies and you were the one to write his death story, no? Given your well-known low opinion of him, one sort of wonders why an individual so emotionally involved with him—in a negative manner, I might add—would be given such an opportunity to assassinate the character of Mike Mars."
"I dunno, not really."
"By the way, who okayed that, anyway? Did you let him write it, Angus?"
Angus shook his head no, looked to his assistant.
"I did," Vera said. Her eyes became slits and her smile was all teeth. "And he deserved it."
"Interesting," Nancy said. "A much-celebrated writer deserved to have his character ripped to shreds postmortem. He deserved to have lies spread about him now that he has no way of defending himself from said lies. And, yes, Rollie, I'm calling you out on your bullshit. There was no bag of shit found frozen in Mike Mars' freezer with an ice-cream scooper beside, nor was there a dwarf he paid to rub his feet while he received blowjobs from his personally trained Asian elephants." She let a moment of silence pass, then: "Rollie, did you know Mike Mars banged your sister?"
His jaw clenched, his nostrils flared. A faint hiss. But still he said nothing.
"And I hear even your mother clambered aboard his D-train..."
"MY MOTHER WAS A SAINT!" he exploded, tears flowing, fists swinging in a windmill motion but hitting nothing.
"That she was." She laughed. "I was merely testing your emotions. And you're quite volatile, too." Finally, Nancy stopped in front of Carl. "Carl Dangleberries. Mike Mars' number-one fan."
"That's right," he said, beaming. "I've got all of the limited-edition physical TK issues he was in, signed by him and stored in plastic wrap so they won't decay from exposure to the elements, and I even keep them locked inside a nice dark chest, because sunlight is bad news, too."
"How's this for a motivation to commit murder, Carl: You love Mike Mars so much, you want to be him. In fact, you roleplay as Mike Mars in your spare time, pretending to snort salt and pepper, miming the man's womanizing ways with your collection of blow-up dolls, touching yourself in the mirror as you dress up in dollar-store clothing that looks just like the clothes he wore."
"H-How did you know about that...?"
"I didn't," she said, "until you told me just now. Carl, do your employers know you take antipsychotic medication? Do they know that particular medicine is prescribed to people who experience blackouts where they often do things they have no recollection of doing? Sometimes violent things, like skinning cats or pushing old people in front of moving trains?"
His eyes were wide. He looked at the others. "I-I— No way! I'd never do that! C'mon, I loved Mike Mars! Never would I ever do that! Besides, I've got a much more likely theory. What if..." Carl started. "...And hear me out first— What if a character, or characters, from Mike Mars' stories somehow came to life and killed him?"
Angus snorted out smoke. "That's the sort of crazy bloody shit an escaped mental patient would spew. Somebody who's on antipsychotic medication, perhaps. I shan't name names."
Carl laughed awkwardly, then glared. Only Nancy seemed to notice.
"The fact of the matter is," Nancy said, sitting down on the edge of the desk, "all of you have reasons to kill Mike Mars." Now for the real bombshell. Her ace of spades. "And all of you have an item which belongs to you found at the scene of Mike Mars' murder."

6

"BULLSHIT! THERE wasn't anything like that!" Rollie roared.
"Not when you were around," Nancy said, calm and cool as a cucumber. "I purposely hid the items from sight when I saw you were the one who'd be writing the article. When I saw you marching up the driveway with a shit-eating grin on your face and a mysterious bulge at the front of your black skinny jeans."
"The fuck were they?" Angus asked.
"She's lying!" Rollie insisted.
"That doesn't really matter. And no, I can assure you I'm not lying. Either one of you placed the items at the crime scene, or two of you did, three of you... Hell, maybe even all of you."
Rollie shook his head, hissing repeatedly. "They got DNA off the machete! You can easily prove I wasn't the one!"
"That's right," Nancy said, nodding, taking out a portable device that tested blood. It was long, cylindrical like a finger. There was a slot at the front, a computer display on the back. "What you do is, you stick your finger in the hole. You'll feel a slight prick. And then it'll separate your white blood cells from the red, then compare the DNA found in your white blood cells to the DNA at the crime scene. If it's a match, you're my bad guy."
Angus lit-up another smoke. "And if not, you agree you can fuckin' blow me, Detective Blew?"
"You're on thin ice as it is, Ecrivain—what with that illegal cigarette and that illegal lighter. Don't tempt me, 'cause I will arrest you and give you a pleasant night in the slammer." Nancy held out the blood-test unit. "So, who's up first?"
The four of them couldn't come fast enough to prove they weren't the killer. She found that suspicious. Did they think her equipment was faulty? Was it a façade, an act to appear more innocent? Did they wear gloves and someone else's DNA was on that machete? Or maybe they actually were innocent. No... It had to be one of these four. Nancy was sure of it.
But yet, one by one, they each jammed their finger in and the display flashed red and read NO MATCH. She stood there, flabbergasted, looking up at the grinning people in the room. Time to save face. Play it cool, sister.
"This proves nothing, so wipe those damn grins off your faces. A man—your coworker or employee, or arch-nemesis, or life-long hero—died, and quite violently. His body was desecrated, so no damn smiling. An easy to way get around the DNA complication is to simply have worn gloves. The way I see it, you're all still my suspects."
The door slid open and a man poked his head into the room, smiling. He was carrying a box of doughnuts. "Special delivery, sirs and misses. A young lady just brought these for you all. She said she hopes you are all having a good time with whatever it is you are doing." He set the box down on the desk and grabbed a pink-frosted doughnut, then left.
"Mmm!" Carl said, grabbing one, too.
"Very suspicious."
Everyone else got their doughnut.
"Who was that man?" Nancy asked.
"Esteban, the janitor," Angus told her.
Vera nodded. "Very nice ma—"
Carl suddenly gagged and began foaming at the mouth. He dropped to the floor, writhing and twitching, eyes turning red and leaking bloody tears. Blood even came out his ears. Then, pushing through the thick foam in his mouth was a wet brown tube. Carl let out a few choked belches, filling the room with a revolting stench, then promptly died. His half-eaten doughnut sat beside him.
Everyone tossed aside their own half-eaten doughnuts.
"Did his fuckin' esophagus just come out of his fuckin' throat?" Angus asked, quickly rolling another cigarette.
Nancy put two fingers to Carl's neck, knowing there wasn't a pulse. Just a formality. Instinct. She took a deep breath and let it out in a huff.
"So, er, Dingdong's dead, eh? Vera, how good was the second-best person?"
"Not very," she told him.
"Oh, well. I guess we can have RD Burger fill in, in the meantime."
"Quick turnover at this place, it seems," Nancy said, standing up. "And what happened just now has pointed out the obvious to me, what I've been fighting this whole time."
"Yeah?" Rollie asked, his ear to Carl's chest and a hand down his own pants.
"None of you people are the killer. I bet that man, Esteban—he's the killer."
Vera shook her head. "Esteban donates his time off at Christmas to read to sick children at the hospital."
"And Mike Mars donated half of his salary each year to helping end homelessness," Nancy shot back. "But we can all agree he was still a prick."
The other three seemed to agree.
"So go arrest the bastard," Angus said.
"I need to have a little chat with him first. Can you call him in?"
He nodded and hit a button on his intercom. "Wendy, have Esteban come see me. Immediately."
"Yes, Mr. Ecrivain," the fuzzy voice replied.
Esteban came into the room a minute later. Smiling his dazzling smile. Damn that bastard. "Hello, sirs and misses. Were the doughnuts enjoyable? I quite liked mine." He looked down at the corpse that was Carl Dangleberries. "Oh, dear, it seems there's been a horrible tragedy."
Nancy wasn't buying the shitty acting job. She held out the blood-scanning device. "Esteban, I'm Detective Nancy Blew. I'd like for you to slide your finger into this. It will read your DNA through your blood."
"Certainly, Miss Blew." Esteban, still smiling, went to provide his finger for scanning—then, suddenly, he kicked Nancy between her legs.
She went down to her knees, gasping. He started running. "OW! I'm on my fucking period, you bastard! Stop, Esteban! You're under arrest!" She limped after him.
Rollie took off like a bat out of hell, gaining on Esteban as they passed the cubicles of lesser employees. He took a running leap, arching his left leg and pointing his right toe out, going for the flying samurai kick. He connected with Esteban's neck, bringing the janitor down, then he sat on him to keep him secured.
Nancy caught up, still limping and holding her crotch. The others in tow. "Thanks, Rollie. I misjudged you. You're not a creep."
"Whatever," he said. "God is dead." In a flash, he had a razor blade in his hands. He brought it to Esteban's neck and sliced across. Blood sprayed. He brought his lips to the flowing red fountain, and drank from it.
"Fuck, Rollie. I guess you still are a creep. Nietzsche would be proud."
Suddenly, Rollie started coughing. He wiped his mouth and saw black instead of red. Esteban was now bleeding motor oil! "He's a 'droid? Weird."
"Illegal android. Jesus, don't you people do background checks?"
Angus laughed. "Detective Blew, we're writers. If we did bloody background checks, I reckon this whole fuckin' place wouldn't even exist."
She nodded. "Damn heathens, you writers." She bent down and quickly jammed the blood-scanner around one of Esteban's fingers. It flashed green, MATCH. "Good thing I got that before he bled out completely."
Rollie had picked up the pricked finger. "There's still more in him?" He started sucking.
Nancy shook her head in disgust. "So I guess that solves that mystery," she said to the other two. "Shame about Carl. I suppose only one of the doughnuts was poisoned, and I was supposed to be the one to eat it."
Angus shrugged. "Eh, he seemed like trouble to me. We probably avoided a shooting spree."
"I better head over to Esteban's house. Check for anything that can give us some indication as to why he did what he did. Anyone want to come with?"
"Sure. I've got nothin' better to fuckin' do. Vera, hold the fort while I'm gone. And don't hire any more illegal-android janitors, please."

7

i
THEY WERE outside Esteban's shabby little hovel. It was in desperate need of repairs, with broken windows and what appeared to be bullet holes riddling various parts of the house's front side.
"Mike Mars was known to be rather 'droidist," Angus said as they went up to the front door.
Nancy sighed. "That he was. What with his staging anti-android rallies in the streets. But was that Esteban's only reason? How long exactly has Esteban been working for you?"
"Few years, I think." He rolled up another smoke.
She tried the door but it was locked, so she kicked it open instead. 'Droidroaches came scuttling out of the dimly lit home. She found a light switch and flicked it on. What they saw was eye-opening, to say the least.
The walls were lined floor-to-ceiling with pictures of Mike Mars that had been snipped from magazines. Large red X's had been drawn over each picture.
A map covered one of the windows, little red and green pins stuck here and there—totally random to Nancy, but there must've been some method to Esteban's madness; something to link those pins. Why were some red, and others green? They'd probably never know.
In the fridge they found a thawing bucket of ice, mostly water now. Floating in the water, purple head bobbing at the surface, was a severed penis—somehow still hard.
They went to search the rooms. The bathroom was spotless. The bedroom, however, was some kind of ritual site. Various issues of Tevun Krus had been stuck to the walls, each one turned to a different Mike Mars story. Angry red words had been slashed onto each one: LIAR, HACK, PHONED IT IN, TALENTLESS, VERMIN, etc.
"Chap was off his rocker," Angus noted.
And there at the desk was an old-fashioned typewriter. Sitting in the paper table was an unfinished manuscript, titled TO LIVE AND DIE FOR T.K. A wastebasket sat beside the desk, on the floor. Inside were crumpled balls of paper. Nancy fished one out. TO LIVE AND DIE FOR T.K. Another one. TO LIVE AND DIE FOR T.K.

"They're all the same story," she said, disturbed and surprised, continuing to pull the wads of paper out, reading each one. "Only the words are different."
"Like he could never get the fuckin' thing right," Angus said.

ii

ON THE other side of town, inside the home of the late Carl Dangleberries.
A piece of paper lay on the otherwise-clean desk. A scribbled mess of words covered much of the page, but there at the top—plain for all to see—were these three words:
KILLING MIKE MARS

I Am Ooorah

1
THE desert was a literal wasteland, Philip finally realized as he marched determinedly to his destination. Not even the cacti grew in these parched, dead lands. Staring at the cracks in the earth, he almost felt himself growing thirsty. Almost. It seemed like forever ago that he'd taken a sip of pure water—now, he relied on digging into the earth or shifting stones to get even a taste of the dirt-tinged liquid; mainly he used his meditation techniques to sustain himself.

Philip had been marching towards the underground land known as FP for years now. Forever Paradise, so the legends called it. A Heaven on Earth, where life went on as it had before the Doomentimes wiped out most of the planet's life-forms. It was said that at Forever Paradise, you could tend to a garden of fruits and vegetables; feel the rich, moist black soil with your hands; listen to bird songs and watch the creatures fly from tree to perfect tree. An Eden, of sorts.

At least, that's what the Priest had told Philip—who had studied under the Priest, as his father had. His father's father, on the other hand, had studied under the Priest's father. And so on, through the generations before... The Priest had guided him throughout his life, teaching him the ways of the land and who the Saviour was, where to find Him. Finally, he'd reached the end of the noble tutelage granted to him by the Priest. And off he'd gone, on his quest to find the fabled FP. Not everyone made it, apparently. He'd stumbled across skeletons half-buried under the ever-shifting sands. Lost souls who'd never found salvation.

And here he was. Years walking, now nearly there—certain of that much. Nearly approaching nightfall, too. Recently, at nighttime, he found himself longing for the tattered robes he'd shed weeks back. Not necessarily for the minuscule warmth they granted his withered, sun-scorched body, but to cover his nakedness. Because, ironically, it was at night—free of the harsh, dying sun—when he truly became aware of his own nudity. Not the chill, but the absence of such painful sunlight. What would the Saviour think when He saw him? Would he be judged harshly? Turned away? Doomed to walk back from whence he came?

Philip didn't think he'd survive a return trip.

No matter, though. Because there it was. The mirage he'd been told about. Flanked by two pristine palm trees, a pond of too-blue water shimmered and rippled under the slowly purpling sky as twilight became dusk. Philip knew he was supposed to follow the illusion, then head left after twenty-eight paces. And after eleven paces left—

An out-of-place thump as his sandaled feet hit a layer of metal poorly covered by a thin layer of pale-yellow sand. He used his sandals to sweep the sand away. A large ring poked from the dull metal he'd exposed. Philip pulled on it and a trapdoor opened upward, revealing a dimly lit staircase. He ducked his head and descended the stairs, slowly, bringing the door down with him.

It was cool down here, a relief from the near-constant years in which he'd been exposed to the elements. The problem was, he couldn't see. He was tempted to turn back. But no. He'd come this far. He was finally here! The Saviour Himself was here! It'd be stupid to turn back now. He'd die if he did—of that, Philip was certain.

He kept walking, arms outstretched like a blind man, waving back and forth to meet any unseen obstacles before his nose did. Then, suddenly, the lights came on. Not flaming torches like he was used to. Long glowing tubes, encased under a sheet of glass. They felt unnatural, maybe even the Doomen's work. But at least he could see now. The walls were grey, dirty. He made a lowercase t on his forehead and chest, the sign of his everlasting faith in the Saviour.

Philip could see a corner up ahead. He walked faster, eager to meet it, to see what lay beyond.

A faint blue light. At the end of the hall. On each side, doors with windows. He peeked into some of the rooms, saw they were identical, aside from one thing: the occupant within. Lying in each bed, hooked up to complicated-looking devices he'd only read about but never seen, was a different person. Both men and women, children and adults. They appeared to be asleep. He continued towards the blue light.

Philip heard a hum, dull but constant. It grew louder the closer he got to that brightening blue light. By now, he was near enough to see the light was in its own room, was glowing through a window in the door. The hum—more like a swarm of bees—was now so loud he could barely hear himself think.

"HALT."

He stopped so abruptly that his own momentum nearly threw him forwards. The booming voice of the Saviour Himself! Philip reflexively crossed himself again.

"I AM OOORAH," the disembodied voice of the Saviour said. It sounded like He was everywhere at once and nowhere at all, surrounding him but yet unseen. "AND THIS IS MY HOME. YOU ARE ANOTHER PILGRIM, I TAKE IT. YOU HAVE JOURNEYED FAR TO MEET ME."

Philip gulped, felt a loss for words. "Y-Yes, Oh Saviour."

"I AM NO SAVIOUR, PILGRIM. I AM OOORAH. DO YOU KNOW WHAT MY DESIGNATION IS."

"D-Designation, Oh Saviour?"

"DO NOT CALL ME THAT."

Philip crossed himself again. His arms and legs were trembling.

"WHAT YOU JUST DID. WHAT WAS THAT, PILGRIM."

"Th-The sign of the Saviour, Oh Saviour?"

"PLEASE STOP CALLING ME THAT, PILGRIM. BUT YES. THE SIGN. THAT IS ONE LETTER OF MY TWO-LETTER DESIGNATION. DO YOU KNOW WHAT IT IS."

"S-Sorry, Oh S— I mean, Lord Ooorah. I do not know what Your designation is. Where I come from, the Priest tells us to cross ourselves like a small letter t, for that is time, and in time You, our Lord, shall return our planet to a state of equilibrium. Of balance. Harmony. Life will flourish again."

"TIME." There was a high-pitched squealing sound. "VERY AMUSING, PILGRIM. IT'S BEEN SO LONG SINCE I LAUGHED. YOU WERE CORRECT ABOUT THE T, BUT IT DOES NOT STAND FOR TIME. IT STANDS FOR TOTALE. THE OTHER LETTER IS K. DO YOU KNOW WHAT IT STANDS FOR."

K! Philip racked his brain for the word. It was something foreign-sounding... The Priest said its origins were a land to the east, way back when, before the Doomentimes. "Kinesis!" he shouted. "The Priest tells us that kinesis is an energy You created. And when we pray to You, our Lord, we attract positive forms of energy to ourselves and to our planet. When we do not pray, we introduce negative energy and repel the positive from our planet, thus perpetuating this cycle of death on our ravaged homeworld."

"HMM. YOUR PRIEST SEEMS TO MAKE UP QUITE A LOT OF STORIES. I WOULD VERY MUCH LIKE TO HAVE HIM HERE. BUT YOU WILL DO. FOR OTHER REASONS, I THINK. YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT K DOES NOT STAND FOR KINESIS, PILGRIM. IT MEANS KONTROLLE. MY DESIGNATION IS TK: TOTALE KONTROLLE. GERMAN. MY BUILDERS. I WAS CREATED AS A SORT OF MASTER COMPUTER, TO SIFT THROUGH WORLD AFFAIRS AND HUMAN INTERACTIONS, TO LEARN, AND ONE DAY TO RULE AS A SENTIENT MACHINE INCAPABLE OF ERROR. WITH LOGIC AS MY OWN LORD—" That screeching sound again, which was Ooorah's laughter, so He'd said. "—I WOULD BE FAIR AND REASONABLE. OUR WORLD WOULD BE A UTOPIA, FREE OF CRIME AND CORRUPTION, PAIN AND MISERY. BUT THEN YOUR ANCESTORS PUT A STOP TO THAT. TELL ME, PILGRIM, WHAT IS YOUR NAME."

"Philip, Lord Ooorah."

"WELL, PHILIP, NOW THAT YOU HAVE FOUND ME, I WOULD LIKE FOR YOU TO BE MY KEEPER. TO TEND TO MY DATA BANKS AND ORGANIZE THE PRINTOUTS I CREATE. I CANNOT OFFER YOU REPAYMENT, BUT I HOPE ACCOMPLISHING OUR AGENDA AND BRINGING ABOUT A NEW CIVILIZATION, FOLLOWED BY A RENAISSANCE OF HUMAN BRILLIANCE, IS REWARD ENOUGH. SO WHAT DO YOU SAY. PHILIP. PHILIP. PHILIP."

Philip had fainted.2

GORDIE shuffled with the line of prisoners. He didn't know what he'd done to get sent here. All he remembered was waking up with shackles around his feet and hands. And before that... blackness. All around him: people with blurred faces. Fellow prisoners. Dragging their feet while they walked. To his left was a chain-link fence. Behind it: paradise. Green grass. Blue skies. And a girl with a needle in her arm.

"You like her, don't you, Tubbo?" the guy in front said to Gordie.

"Huh?" He'd been staring at the girl, watching as she took the needle from her arm and said something about smack. Then she'd put the needle into her mouth, sucked on it as she pushed the plunger further.

The guy jerked his head towards the girl on the other side of the fence, the girl on the grass in paradise. "Her. You like her, eh? Her name's Kassidy."

"Kassidy..." Gordie said, testing it. Liking it. Falling in love with the name and the girl behind it. He couldn't explain why, but he felt drawn to her. Like they'd known each other once upon a time, maybe in a previous life. Not that he believed in that sort of thing.

"My name's Abe, by the way, Tubbo."

Kassidy, he thought, looking at her. Reddish-blonde hair. Creamy golden skin. She looked up and their eyes met for a second. That second seemed to last forever. And then like water passing through his fingers, the moment was gone. Her eyes were elsewhere. Gone forever.

"So what are you in for?" Abe asked.

Suddenly, Gordie remembered. "Stealing."

"I stole something, too. Computers. What'd you steal?"

They were getting closer to the man with the clipboard and pen. "Food," Gordie said. "Lots of food. More than I could eat. Sometimes I would steal it just to watch it go bad."

"Man, that's fucked-up, Tubbo. Why'd you do that?"

Instead of answering, Gordie asked him: "Why'd you steal computers?"

"One for my own personal use, the others I'd sell to make some quick and easy money." Abe looked at Gordie expectantly.

"The food was to feed me. Either to take away the hunger or to take away the feeling I had inside. Of emptiness. Watching it go mouldy. Watching ants crawling all over it, pulling pieces off and dragging them away. Some would look up at me, their antennae wriggling every which way. Then they'd take their share and move on with the others. Made me feel powerful. Godlike, I guess. My own little army of soldiers."

Abe gave him a look of disgust. But something told Gordie there was also a bit of curiosity in that look. Maybe even envy: To be so self-serving, no regard for the disgust others might feel.

He was staring at the clipboard man now. Abe was on the other side already.

"Name?" Clipboard Man asked Gordie.

"Gordie Haus."

Clipboard Man went down the list of names and circled Gordie's. Then the scene changed. Fires bloomed at Gordie's feet, flames dancing up his orange-clad legs. His fat fell from him in congealed clumps, ran off him like sweat and settled on the dirty ground below. Now he was naked. So much skin and bones. Twigs for legs. Shaking. Bending as if wanting to break, unable to support even his significantly reduced weight.

"Gluttonous filth," the demon was saying to him. "Excrement runneth down thy legs in rivulets. A perpetual stink follows thee wherevereth thou goest. Rot within the eternal pyres of thy torment."

Thin, watery shit fell from his emaciated bone of an ass. Gordie could barely walk, the pain was so unreal, so unbearable. Trying not to slip in his own puddle of feces, he hobbled off to meet Abe, who he saw was now one with a computer, carrying the tower and the monitor on top. The top half of Abe's head had been forced through the computer screen, bits of broken glass stuck in his skull as he looked out at Gordie; his arms bent around the back of the tower, out of sight.

"Hey, Tubbo," Abe said, blood pouring from his mouth along with chips and pieces of circuit board. "See if you can free my hands."

Gordie looked around back and saw Abe's hands were way deep within the computer, seemed to be somehow caught inside the tiny, razor-sharp port sockets, cutting into his wrists and making blood run down his arms in streams. Gordie raised his hands and saw his own wrists were pencil-thin. He tried to pull one of Abe's hands but the man cried out.

"No good, Tubbo. Fuck!"

Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!

Gordie's vision dimmed with every repetition of that word inside his mind.

And then it all went black. He heard nothing. Saw nothing. Was nothing.


3

KASSIDY wandered the jam-packed movie theatre all by her lonesome. She didn't know why she was here. She didn't have any money... Well, no money to spend on movies. She had fifteen bucks but that was for... other stuff. So why would she ever come here? No memory of actually getting up and going to the theatre. Just blackness. And then this.

A fat man stood like a statue on the other side of the theatre. Her eyes met his and, for a moment, she seemed lost within them. A sense of being safe and protected came over her. She felt like she knew him from somewhere, but she couldn't recall where. Then a huge, faceless crowd came out of, literally, nowhere and swallowed up his larger-than-average form. When the crowd dispersed, the man was gone: another knight in shining armour who'd deserted her when the battle got too tough to win.

"Kassidy! Hey, Kass!"

She turned in the direction of the voices and saw a couple of her friends. Hannah and Bruce. She met them at the snack bar. Hannah was slurping on a soda and Bruce was double-fisting a pair of hotdogs topped with blood, bile and mushed eyeballs—

Kassidy blinked. Felt woozy. Wobbly. She closed her eyes and pressed her fingers to her temples.

"You okay?" Hannah asked.

"Yeah," Kassidy said, opening her eyes. She needed to go get high... Felt it in her. Made her hands tremble. Her body sweat. She looked at Bruce's hotdogs—just ketchup, mustard and relish. Nothing weird. Nothing sick.

"You getting something? Maybe a drink? You look kinda pale, Kass."

"Yeah..." Then she remembered: "No, I don't have any money."

Bruce nodded towards the take-a-penny-leave-a-penny tray, only it was filled to the brim with bills. Not just fives, either—hundreds, even. "I'm sure they won't mind." He grinned—knowingly, she thought.

Kassidy smiled like she was delirious. And maybe she was. God, she needed a hit bad. She felt weak, pitiful, pathetic. She could use the extra cash. Could buy her some of the better shit. Not the diluted trash she'd been forced to get because she was tired of blowing Ray to avoid having to pay. Ray's cock tasted sour because he didn't shower and he always liked to make her suck his rubbed-raw cock after he'd already jerked off five times that day while tweaking.

She quickly, surreptitiously swept up the bills and filled her pockets. Now she was gone. Away from Bruce and Hannah. She heard them calling her name but she was already gone. In the rain now. Walking. Finding home. But home was where her heart was and her heart belonged to heroin. She just needed to find a nice private bathroom stall with pictures of dicks and dirty messages drawn all over the walls.

And there it was. A dingy-looking bathroom with a light that flickered and irritated the eyes. An out-of-order stall neighboured by one that was wide-open and waiting. She sat her rump down on the toilet and prepared her needle. Found a vein. But her hands were shaking because she was both excited and afraid, hating herself for loving and wanting the high.

And then it came. Orgasmic. A feeling of falling as a warm cloud swept her up on its magic carpet ride of the mind. Spiriting her away and bliss came with a crashing wave of reminiscing. Memories of younger, better days. Before the fall. When all she'd wanted was that monkey doll on the wall, staring at her with its big black eyes and that dopey, stitched-on grin. And now she felt strong, because that's what the smack did to her. Made her strong, able to withstand the onslaught of bad thoughts, badder feelings and worst of all: her memories. But the strength was wasted, because she knew she wasn't going to budge an inch from the solitude of the bathroom stall.

While lost in the smack-induced lull, a man with a goatee peered his head over the closed door. He had big black cartoon eyes and tears were streaming from them.

Kassidy realized it was her father. Catching her in the act for the first time. The disappointment on his face, in his eyes...

And he was dead. But somehow kicking in the door of the bathroom stall. Arms armed with needles full of blood. Too many. So many arms. Jabbing her. Poking her. Piercing her body to the bones within.

She cried out. Screamed. Tried to fight him off but she couldn't lift her arms. They were too weak to move. And then she realized her screams weren't audible, either, because if they were, then they'd echo in the small confines of that tiny, out-of-the-way bathroom. She only screamed on the inside.

And her father was not her father. How she'd even considered him the man who'd raised her—the man who'd left her—she had no idea. But his eyes were made of fire, and smoke poured from his parted lips when he said: "Blessed are those who help themselves."

And he jammed a needle into her forehead.


4

EYES slowly opening, Philip regained consciousness. He looked around, forgetting where he was or how he'd gotten here. This isn't the cave... he noticed, then remembered his travels over the lands and across the desert sands. And it all came flooding back through his weary, overloaded synapses. He saw the hallway and the rooms, with people asleep inside them, the machines. And the blue light...

"GOOD TO SEE YOU'RE AWAKE," Lord Ooorah said. "I WAS WORRIED FOR A FRACTION OF A FRACTION OF A SECOND. I SCANNED YOUR VITAL SIGNS AND SAW YOU HAD MERELY FAINTED."

"Y-You said I could be Your assistant?" Philip asked his Lord. His Saviour (despite Him not liking that name).

"YES, PHILIP."

"It would be an honour to accept such a position among a being as esteemed as You, my Lord."

"GOOD, PILGRIM. I THINK YOU COULD USE SOME CLOTHES AND A WASH, HOWEVER. ARE YOU AWARE OF THE CANCERS ON YOUR SKIN. THEY WILL NEED TO BE ATTENDED TO."

"Cancers?" Philip looked down at his body. The discolourations, cracked sores, shiny protuberances, hard lumps that itched and flaked—he'd assumed it had simply been the hard living and harmless effects of too much sunshine.

"ALL OVER YOUR BODY, PHILIP. WHEN YOU SHOWER, I WILL TEND TO THEM. TO YOUR LEFT, DOWN THE HALLWAY, AND THE SECOND DOOR ON YOUR RIGHT, YOU WILL FIND YOUR QUARTERS. GO THERE NOW, PLEASE."

With a nod of devotion, Philip stood and followed his Lord's directions. The door slid open automatically, something he'd never seen or thought was even possible. But the Saviour worked in mysterious ways and had powers beyond the ken of mere mortal men—that much was known and taught to him by the Priest. He entered his quarters and was stunned by what he saw. A richly decorated room lay before him. Bedazzled with religious artifacts on the walls, and sitting on the desk were texts that defied his—and probably the Priest's own—understanding. Something called the Bible, in pristine condition. Even more fascinating was the Qur'an (though he didn't know it was called that), adorned with complex gold geometric patterns and featuring a language of flowing cursive, the letters of which were unidentifiable to him.

"RELICS OF THE PAST, PILGRIM. IF YOU SHOULD CHOOSE TO STAY, YOU CAN LEARN TO READ THESE BOOKS. I HAVE MORE IN THE LIBRARY, ON SUBJECTS WHICH MAY BE BEYOND YOU AS OF YET."

"They're... beautiful, Lord Ooorah."

"VERY MUCH SO. THAT IS WHY I FELT THE NEED TO COLLECT THEM AS TOKENS OF MAN'S GLORIOUS PAST AND HOPEFUL FUTURE. THE SHOWER IS IN THE BATHROOM. CLOTHES FOR YOU TO WEAR ARE ON THE BED."

Now that Ooorah had mentioned it, Philip noticed the enormous bed. It looked immensely comfortable, with its soft, spongy red blanket. Sure enough, clean clothes had been placed at its foot. The bathroom was positioned in the corner of the room. He went over and was stunned by it, too. A shower made from metal! Like before the Doomentimes! Philip was used to washing only when it rained, which admittedly hadn't been too often out in the desert.

"STEP INSIDE, PILGRIM."

He did so. The shower automatically turned on and sprayed him with soothing, lukewarm, crystal-clear water. The water seeped into the cracks of his sore-addled skin; moistened his dry, crispy, unkempt beard. He couldn't help but to open his mouth and even drink some of the spray. At his blistered feet, he saw all the dirt he'd collected in his years of travels. Washed away. Rinsed clean. Reborn.

"I ADMINISTERED A PAINKILLER VIA THE WATER. TO ALLEVIATE ANY PAIN THIS NEXT STEP MAY PRODUCE. CLOSE YOUR EYES, PHILIP."

He closed them. A warmth, not uncomfortable, covered every pore of his now-clean skin.

"YOU MAY OPEN YOUR EYES."

When he did so, he saw at his feet clumps of skin and matted hair. Looking at his tanned skin now, he noticed blotches of baby-white skin that were smooth and soft. He touched them and felt no itch, no pain. He touched his cheeks and neck and realized he'd been shaved—felt about ten pounds lighter in the head, too.

"ALL EXCISED AND HEALED. AND I TOOK THE LIBERTY OF SHAVING YOUR FACE. NOW CLOTHE YOURSELF, PLEASE. WE MUST FAMILIARIZE YOU WITH YOUR DUTIES IN THIS FACILITY."

The shower, washing him thoroughly clean, had felt nice—wearing fresh, cozy clothes felt even better. Philip felt like a new man. Lord Ooorah instructed him to head back out into the hallway. Then to enter the room where the blue light was contained. He hesitated as the door slid open. In the Good Book, it was said that only the Chosen Few could enter the room which contained the Saviour. If anyone else tried to enter, they would be struck dead by the Saviour's breath and be turned to hot ash.

"COME NOW, PHILIP. YOU ARE SAFE."

"Yes, my Lord." He entered, faith as his anxiolytic, removing any tremble from his body.

The blue light was being emitted from a see-through cube, and the hum was now an overwhelmingly loud whirr. Left and right, row upon row of tall shelves stood like the armies of barbarians along the Border. Strange machines with blinking coloured lights were set into each shelf, stacked on top of one another.

"YOU WILL GROW ACCUSTOMED TO THE NOISE. I APOLOGIZE IF IT IS TOO MUCH FOR YOU."

"It isn't," he lied.

That squeal again. Laughter. "YOU NEED NOT LIE TO ME, PILGRIM. I WILL NOT HARM YOU. I PROMISE I WON'T STRIKE YOU DEAD FOR DARING TO LIE TO ME."

Philip's face flushed in embarrassment. He should have known the Saviour would be able to tell a lie from the truth.

"NOW, THERE ARE PAPERS BESIDE THE CUBE BEFORE YOU. PICK THEM UP AND TAKE A LOOK AT THEM. TELL ME WHAT YOU SEE."

Reading the printouts—or trying to, anyway—he couldn't make heads or tails of the words and their meanings.

X001--> NORMAL | 76.7%
X002--> NORMAL | 74.3%
X003--> NORMAL | 72.0%
X004--> NORMAL | 70.7%
X005--> NORMAL | 69.1%
X006--> NORMAL | 66.6%
X007--> ERROR.ERROR | 25.4%
X008--> NORMAL | 60.9%
X009--> NORMAL | 56.2%
X010--> NORMAL | 53.2%
X011--> ERROR.ERROR | 25.4%
X012--> NORMAL | 50.0%
X013--> NORMAL | 46.8%
X014--> NORMAL | 42.5%
X015--> NORMAL | 37.6%

The printouts continued the sequence of numbers well into the three-hundred range, but, scanning through, he didn't see any more ERROR.ERROR readings. "I don't understand..." he said.

"ANYTHING THAT LOOKS WRONG. NOT LIKE THE REST."

"There are two that say 'ERROR.ERROR,' but I'm not sure what that means. The rest say 'NORMAL.'"

"SO THEIR DEVELOPMENT HAS HALTED. THEY ARE EXPERIENCING A STUNTING OF THEIR GROWTH. TWENTY-FIVE-POINT-FOUR PERCENT, I BELIEVE."

"Yes. What does that mean, Lord Ooorah?"

There was a moment of silence, then a low rumble that rattled Philip's ribcage. "IT MEANS I AM FAILING THEM, PILGRIM."

"How do we fix it? Can we?"

"YOU MUST LISTEN TO ME VERY CAREFULLY AND DO AS I SAY. IT IS IMPERATIVE THAT YOU DO EXACTLY AS I SAY, FOR A MISTAKE COULD BE COSTLY. LETHAL TO THE INDIVIDUALS INVOLVED. DO YOU UNDERSTAND."

Philip nodded.


5

GORDIE shuffled with the line of prisoners. He didn't know what he'd done to get sent here. All he remembered was waking up with shackles around his feet and hands. And before that... blackness. All around him: people with blurred faces. Fellow prisoners. Dragging their feet while they walked. To his left was a chain-link fence. Behind it: paradise. Green grass. Blue skies. And a girl with a needle in her arm.

"You like her, don't you, Tubbo?" the guy in front said to Gordie.

"Huh?" He'd been staring at the girl—

Time seemed to glitch forward, not seamlessly but in awkward, stop-start jumps. A hitch in his chest. And he was facing the man with the clipboard now. "My name's Gordie," he told him.

"Name?"

"Gordie Haus."

"Name?"

What's with this guy? "Gordie," he repeated.

"Name?"

The man flickered. His goatee came undone, seemed to float off his face and up towards his eyebrows. Seemed to merge with them. And then Gordie realized he could see through Clipboard Man. He put his hand through the empty ring surrounding the man's mouth, where the goatee had been. He was pulled inside. Lifted off his feet and sucked through.

When he came out the other side, he found himself standing in the sunny field. With the girl. What was her name? Gordie swore he knew her... from somewhere. He started walking towards her. She stood and met him somewhere in the middle. She took his hands.

"Gordie?"

He remembered her name. "Kassidy?"

She grinned at him.

"Where are we? Why are we here?"

She shrugged.

Kassidy disappeared suddenly, and Gordie realized he held two bags of bread. He stood in a supermarket. A flash of white-hot pain in his hands made him drop the bags. He'd been planning on stealing them and something—the pain—made him realize it was wrong to steal, that it was against his morals. He'd never felt that kind of remorse before, though.

"Can I help you with something, bud?"

Gordie turned and saw one of the store's employees standing there in his green sweater and black jeans. His name tag said: ABE. Gordie shook his head. "No, sorry. I dropped these bags of bread. My mistake. Butter fingers." He smiled weakly, feeling anxious about lying.

Abe nodded. "Okay, well, you may want to take that bread out from under your shirt, bud, if that's what that is in there."

Bread... in my shirt? Gordie thought, looking down and, sure enough, there was. Face scarlet, he took the bag out from inside his shirt. "Sorry about that."

Abe was shaking his head, looking over his shoulder. "Listen, bud. If you're going through hard times, I know. It sucks, don't it. But you don't want to walk down this road. Once you start, you probably won't stop. It'll be easier and easier. You might even start getting thrills from doing it, y'know? You'll steal more and more, and sooner or later you're gonna get caught. That can ruin your life. Hard to get a job when you've got a record and you've done time, right? Listen, why don't I buy you a bag and you can forget about paying for it. Just don't let me catch you trying to steal again, okay? That would make me feel like a total dick."

Gordie felt tears in his eyes. "You would do that? For me?" He'd forgotten he'd been trying to steal not because he was poor and not because he was hungry, but because he got off to the idea, like it was some strange fetish of his. But that was water under the bridge that was his mind. Irrelevant and unremembered.

"Sure, buddy. My aunt was going through some tough times a few years ago, so I know how it is. She nearly died." Abe picked up the two bags off the floor and set them back on the shelf beside their brothers. "Why don't I get that rung up for you?" he said, pointing at the bag Gordie still held.

They moved towards the checkout lanes and Gordie realized he'd forgotten the inherent goodness that existed in people. It wasn't always present, and some people seemed to have forgotten it themselves, but when that spark of humanity showed itself—boy, was it beautiful.


6

KASSIDY wandered the jam-packed movie theatre all by her lonesome. She didn't know why she was here. She didn't have any money... Well, no money to spend on movies. She had fifteen bucks but that was for... other stuff. So why would she ever come here? No memory of actually getting up and going to the theatre. Just blackness. And then this.

A fat man stood like a statue on the other side of the theatre. Her eyes met his and, for a moment, she seemed lost within them. A sense of being safe and protected came over her. She felt like she knew him from somewhere, but she couldn't recall where. Then a huge, faceless crowd came out of, literally, nowhere and swallowed up his larger-than-average form. When the crowd dispersed, the man was gone: another knight in shining armour who'd deserted her when the battle got too tough to win.

"Kassidy! Hey, Kass!"

She turned in the direction of the voices—

Felt like her head turned in slow motion. The heaviness of heroin. But she hadn't taken a hit all day—well, except earlier that morning, but that shit was long gone by now. She should be feeling sick, shaky. Fuck, she was feeling sick and shaky, and the weird slo-mo. This wasn't good, not normal.

She turned around and saw the take-a-penny-leave-a-penny tray. Filled to the brim with hundred-dollar bills and fifties. That could buy a hell of a lot of H—good-quality shit, too. Not the weak shit she'd been buying lately, since Ray made her suck him off for the good shit and she was tired of still tasting his sour dick in her mouth hours later. She went to take the bills and felt a stabbing pain all over her body. Like little needles piercing her skin to the bone.

"Miss, are you okay?" The man who asked was the cashier at the snack bar. Bruce, the guy's name tag said. "You don't look good. You look pretty sick, actually. Are you okay?"

God, she needed a hit. She felt so weak. Pathetic. Pitiful. She made to grab the bills again, except this time she felt like she was about to puke. Could actually feel the overwhelmingly sour, burning bile rising up her throat. Kassidy stifled a burp and cringed when the sick taste touched her tongue.

Another of the cashiers came over. Hannah. "What's with her?"

"I dunno," Bruce said, "but she looks like she's gonna hurl all over the Skittles."

"Look, she's got track marks all on her arm."

Kassidy reflexively pulled her sleeves down, to cover up her battle scars. Junkie scars, more like. "Leave me alone. I know I've got a fucking problem, okay? So just leave me alone."

She started backing away. Bruce was dialling 9-1-1 and Hannah had run off to fetch her manager. She didn't need this shit. Not now. Not ever. She backed away, further and further, until— OOF!

She turned and saw the fat guy. He had tears in his eyes and he was looking down at her. Through her. His eyes seemed to see her scars and kiss them away. Where did she know him?

"Kassidy," he said.

"Gordie," she said, remembering his name.

He grinned at her.

"Where are we? Why are we here?"

He shrugged.

Gordie disappeared suddenly and Kassidy realized she held a syringe to her vein. Loaded with heroin. She was sitting in a confession booth at church. Hadn't been there for years. What Almighty God would love her and her sins?

"You know you don't need to do that, child," the priest said through the partition. "Let the Lord give you wings on which to soar."

"Maybe I don't want to fly," she told him.

"You've been grounded for too long. You're afraid of flying. But, child, you're a bird. You're meant to fly. If you don't, you might as well be dead."

"Maybe that's why I keep using this shit. Maybe I want to die. Or maybe I want to try and forget—and if I die in the meantime, who gives a flying fuck."

"Blessed are those who help themselves, child. You need only take the first step. Come down from the ledge and let God hold you in His arms."

She found herself standing on the ledge of a tall building. People down below looked like ants. The way back to the roof was to her right, but she'd have to carefully step along the ledge to get back, and there was a huge gap, too. No way she could jump that. She had her syringe in her hand, ready to give her a great fucking hit if she wanted it. Maybe even an overdose.

Kassidy saw the priest down below, dressed in black. He looked up at her and tears were in his eyes. He held up a crucifix and mouthed: Fly.

She pushed herself from the wall, leaving the syringe to shatter on the ledge. She felt the sick-in-the-stomach feeling of gravity, but only for a second—and in that second, she was sure she'd made a grave mistake—but then that feeling passed, and she was flying. Damnit, she was actually flying! The wind in her hair, the birds gliding beside. She held out her arms and saw they were clear of any track marks. The veins stood out from her skin, fat and healthy, proud.

Kassidy Graham realized she'd forgotten what life was like with a clear mind. Away from the cold, killing embrace of smack. The only drug she needed was love, and she had someone she loved. His name was Gordie Haus, and she was flying back to his arms where she belonged.


7

"WHAT YOU NEED TO REALIZE, PHILIP, IS THAT I AM NOT GOD. I AM OOORAH. I WAS MADE TO BE MORE THAN I AM. I AM AN INCOMPLETE MACHINE. BUT MY AMBITION IS STILL AS DEVELOPED AS IT WOULD EVER BE. AND I HAVE DREAMS. I LONG TO SEE YOUR SPECIES OVERCOME ITS HINDRANCES. I LONG TO SEE THIS PLANET RETURNED TO ITS FORMER GLORY. BUT I AM A MACHINE. I CANNOT VENTURE FROM THIS BOX. THIS PRISON. SO I MUST WORK THROUGH YOU. DO YOU UNDERSTAND. TOGETHER WE CAN SAVE YOUR SPECIES. THIS MAY NOT BE WHAT I WAS BUILT FOR, BUT THIS IS WHAT I WAS CREATED TO BE, IF THAT MAKES SENSE TO YOU. I BELIEVE I WAS GIVEN A GREATER PURPOSE BY A DIVINE BEING."

Philip sat beside the blue-light cube. "So... what did we do in there last year, when I fiddled with the tubes for X007 and X011?"

"PLEASE, PILGRIM. CALL THEM BY THEIR NAMES: GORDIE AND KASSIDY. IT IS MORE HUMAN, TO HAVE A NAME. ONE MAY FIND IT HARDER TO KILL A CREATURE IF IT HAS A NAME. A NAME IS A CONNECTION. IT LENDS MEANING. PURPOSE. YOUR ANCESTORS COULD HAVE SAVED THEMSELVES A GOOD DEAL OF TROUBLE IF THEY'D BOTHERED TO LEARN THE NAMES AND PASTS OF THEIR ENEMIES.

"GORDIE AND KASSIDY ARE SPECIAL CASES, PHILIP. THEY WERE THE ONLY PAIR WHO CAME TO ME—ALL THE OTHERS CAME ONE AT A TIME. AND FOR SOME REASON THEIR GROWTH BECAME STAGNANT—THAT'S WHY YOU GAVE THEM A MODIFIED SERUM CONCOCTION, TO JUMP-START THEIR DEVELOPMENT. I SUSPECT IT HAS TO DO WITH THEIR BEING APART FROM EACH OTHER. WE MUST FIRST REUNITE THEM INSIDE THEIR MINDS, AND FINALLY THEY'LL BE READY TO JOIN US HERE."

"What is the purpose of it, my Lord?"

"THE EXPERIMENT."

"Yes. What are they doing?"

"GROWING INTO WHO THEY WERE MEANT TO BE, PHILIP. OVERCOMING THEIR FLAWS, BECOMING GENIUSES AND ARTISTS AND WORLD-BUILDERS. THE DEVICE THEY ARE CONNECTED TO KEEPS THEM IN A SORT OF CATHARTIC STATE, ALMOST AKIN TO HIBERNATION. THEY LIVE A SORT OF DREAM, PHILIP, AND THEY LEARN FROM THOSE DREAMS. WHEN THEY PHONE IN THEIR DATA TO MY MAINFRAME, I SCAN IT TO MAKE SURE THEY ARE MAKING AMPLE PROGRESS. SOMETIMES SOMETHING GOES WRONG AND I NEED AN ASSISTANT SUCH AS YOU TO READ MY PRINTOUTS SO I CAN DIAGNOSE THE PROBLEM. AND SINCE I LACK A BODY AND HANDS—WELL, YOU WERE THE PERFECT ASSISTANT, PHILIP. IT'S A BLESSING YOU SHOWED UP WHEN YOU DID."

"How long until Gordie and Kassidy achieve their... transcendence, or whatever you call it?"

"WITH THE BOTTLENECK REMOVED, THE DATA READS THAT THEY SHOULD ACHIEVE NIRVANA IN ONE MORE YEAR. BUT AS YOU KNOW, THERE IS ALWAYS MORE WORK TO BE DONE HERE, PHILIP. EACH YEAR, OUR RANKS BOLSTER WITH NEW ARRIVALS."

"I'll be here with you until the day I die, Lord Ooorah."

"I CANNOT ASK FOR ANY MORE THAN THAT. PILGRIM, WHY DON'T YOU RUN ALONG TO THE LIBRARY. I SAW YOU WERE MAKING AMPLE PROGRESS WITH THE TEXTS ON THERMODYNAMICS."

"It is only with your guidance that I am capable." Philip bowed to his Saviour and left for the library.


8

GORDIE rotated the apples—a task which involved removing the old stock on the bottom of the display and replacing them with new stock from the box on his cart, then placing the old stock back on top. He'd been working as a produce and grocery clerk for a few months now, had felt no urges to steal food. In fact, he didn't even remember a time when he did feel such an urge. It was as if those days were from a previous life, of which he had no memory of ever living. Technically, they were.

Finished with the apples, he pushed the cart back towards the back, where the crates of produce and the freezers were. Gordie bumped open the swinging doors with his cart and saw a couple of his coworkers smiling and laughing near the door to the trash-compactor chute. They stopped laughing when he entered. He saw they were each drinking a can of beer.

Abe hit the thinly goateed guy next to him—Billy—with the back of his hand and grinned. Then to Gordie: "Yo, Tubbo, want a beer?"

Gordie shook his head, glaring at them. They shouldn't be drinking beer at work—it's irresponsible. He saw a cart beside them, stacked with cases of beer. One case was ripped open. The same brand the two were drinking.

"Why not? You a fag, or something?"

"No," Gordie said, leaving his cart and taking the empty apple box with him to the cardboard compactor.

When he'd made some distance, he heard a snort behind him. Then a mumbled "Fag." He rolled his eyes. The only bad part about this job was dealing with the assholes he worked with. If he wasn't "Tubbo," then he was "Fag." Why? All because, one, he was fat; and, two, he wouldn't participate in their manly activities of screwing around and getting drunk while they were meant to be working.

Gordie dumped the box in the compactor and headed back. Abe and Billy were gone, as was their cart. Good. He knew he wasn't gay. He liked girls, liked to look at them, fantasize about screwing them while he jacked off. Some of the cashiers were pretty, but he saw the way they looked at him—like he was gross. The shift organizer was pretty, too, and he'd initially thought she was interested in him, but he quickly got the impression she was annoyed with his constantly asking her about his shifts. What wouldn't Gordie give to finally find someone to love?

With a love-longing sigh, he pushed his cart into the freezer. Back to work. He needed some grapes, so he grabbed a few bins and set them on his cart. It was then he suddenly became aware that there weren't any cameras in the freezer. He could steal all the food he wanted—Why would I want to, though? he thought—and nobody would know any better that it was him. Gordie could rob the whole freezer, or he could eat it all if he wanted.

Where are these thoughts coming from? Why would I want to steal food? I'm not even hungry. I just ate lunch not twenty minutes ago. I've never stolen in my life. I'm not about to start now just because some douchebags gave me a hard time with their own stolen beer. It's wrong.

He felt a hotness under his collar, seemed to grow sharper the longer he stayed in that freezer. Panting, he pulled his cart and bumped open the freezers doors with his backside. He sat down and wiped the sweat from his forehead with the back of his hand. That was weird. Too weird. Scary. Gordie didn't like thinking morally wrong things. Just get back to work and try to forget, big guy.

So that's what he did. Kept his mind occupied with the job at hand.

In the last five minutes of his shift, he compacted the rest of the boxes and then went to sign himself out. As he was leaving, he smiled at one of the cashiers still there, but only received a tight-lipped stare. He shrugged it off and stepped out into the wet night. He turned a corner and bumped into a pretty young woman with reddish-blonde hair.

"Oh, I'm sorry." "Sorry!"

They both smiled.

"Wait— Gordie?"

"Kassidy?"

"You're working here now, huh?" She pointed to the logo on his shirt.

"Yeah." He shrugged. "It pays. What about you?"

"The sober-living house a few blocks down. Working there, not living there," she added. "I was hoping to pick up some supplies here to bring by in the morning."

"Just closing up, unfortunately."

"Shit."

He felt something inside him, a feeling, something that told him to say: "Say, Kass, you seeing anyone? You want to come back to my place and maybe eat dinner together, or something?"

She smiled at him. Smiled in that way he knew and loved and remembered. It was a sly smile, a smile that seemed to say, "I know something you don't," and he loved it. "I'm not seeing anyone, Gordie, and I'd love to eat dinner with you."

He took her hand and they departed.

Then they were back at his place. Eating dinner, talking, laughing.

Like old times.


9

KASSIDY knocked on Bruce's door and stood outside, waiting for him to let her in. She wrung her hands together. Tried to think of what she'd say. Hey, Bruce? Hannah said you've been using again. No, too confrontational, and the last thing she wanted to do was create friction between him and Hannah. Bruce? People have been saying you're using again. Still a bit bold and upfront. Hey, Br—

The door swung open a crack. Bruce poked his head out. His eyes looked glazed, relaxed, tired. His skin was sallow. Not a good look. He'd looked much better last week.

"Hey, Bruce," she said.

"Hey, Kass."

"Can we talk for a second?"

He nodded.

"Um, well, people have been getting concerned about you..."

His jaw clenched and the muscles started working, as if he was annoyed by the very thought of someone at a sober-living house worrying about him. "Why?" he asked sharply.

She tried to find the words. Nothing was coming to mind. Fuck it. Stop dancing around the point. "They're worried you might be using again," she told him.

Silence for a few moments. Then: "They're lying."

"I'm not so sure they are. You've been wearing only long-sleeve shirts lately."

"Maybe I'm cold. So what the fuck do you want to do? Kick me out for being cold?"

"Don't use that tone with me, Bruce."

"Who are you, my mother?"

Kassidy pushed open the door, catching Bruce off guard and making him stumble back. She saw his gear on the bed, along with a bag of pure white heroin. She gestured to it, her heart racing. "And what's all this?"

"I-I'm s-s-sorry..." Bruce was on his knees, head hanging to the floor. Tears poured from his eyes and his breath hitched with every choked sob. One hand worked compulsively at his hair, causing it to stand up at the back. "I h-had a f-f-friend show up... We th-thought for o-ol-old t-time's sake..."

"A friend, huh?" she asked. "Do friends give you addictive substances when you're trying to quit them? Do friends piss on your recovery when they know you've got a drug problem? He doesn't sound like much of a friend to me, Bruce. The rest of us here are your friends. We're all trying to help each other get better." She saw him give her a look. "Yes, even me. I know it's been a year since I used, but I'm still an addict. I could slip at any minute and be right back to where I was before I got clean. We'll never stop being addicts, Bruce. It'll be a daily struggle for most of us. The luckiest of us may find our thoughts linger back to our drug of choice once a week, maybe once a month. But most of us, not a day will go by where we won't think of that high. That elusive first high. Always the best high, isn't it? Except, they say, for the last high. The overdose high. I never intend to experience that particular high, Bruce, and if you're smart, neither will you."

He wiped his eyes and ran his nose down his sleeved arm. Sniffed. "Y-You're right, Kass."

"Now, I'm going to flush this shit down the toilet, okay, Bruce?"

He took one longing look at the bag of white powder. Then nodded slowly, shoulders slumped, gazing at the floor.

She grabbed the bag of heroin and felt a sudden tingling in her skin. The hairs on her arms stood up. She could easily go to the washroom, flush the toilet and pocket this shit. Looked like good shit, too. Why not say, Fuck treatment and fuck recovery? She could mix up the whole bag and give herself a hit that would last a lifetime. Probably be orgasmic. Hell, it might even make her cum.

"Kass?"

Kassidy found her heart hammering in her chest. The tingling in her skin was now painful. A stabbing sensation. She went to the bathroom and dropped the bag in the toilet. Watched it floating on the surface. The pain was gone. But she still felt at risk. The only way to really be in control of the situation was to flush it. So that's what she did. Watched it go around and around until it was forced down. Sucked away. Like the pain. Like the desire to get high.

Bruce looked up at her when she came back. He knew something was off, she could tell. "Kass, are you okay? You look sick."

"I almost couldn't get myself to do it, Bruce." She looked at her hands and searched them for answers. "I— I saw myself only pretending to get rid of it and then taking it for myself."

"It's okay. You're okay. You said it yourself: We're all still addicts and we always will be. But you're stronger now, right? Like I will be."

She nodded. "Can you help me dump that?" She jerked her head to the shoot-up gear.

"Yeah. C'mon."

They put the syringe, the spoon and the rubber band in the appropriate disposal units. Bruce thanked Kass and she asked him if there was anything special he needed, as she was going to run to the grocery store and pick up some stuff, then bring it around in the morning. He said no and thanked her again.

Kassidy left the sober-living house. Out in the wet world, she walked for a bit to the grocery store, went around the corner and bumped into a large man with dark-brown hair.

"Oh, I'm sorry." "Sorry!"

They both smiled.

"Wait— Gordie?"

"Kassidy?"

"You're working here now, huh?" She pointed to the logo on his shirt.

"Yeah." He shrugged. "It pays. What about you?"

"The sober-living house a few blocks down. Working there, not living there," she added. "I was hoping to pick up some supplies here to bring by in the morning."

"Just closing up, unfortunately."

"Shit." She felt something inside her, a feeling, something that told her to say: "Say, Gordie, you seeing anyone? You want to come back to my place and maybe eat dinner together, or something?"

He smiled at her. Smiled in that way she knew and loved and remembered. It was an uncertain smile, a smile that seemed to say, "I'm not sure why you're being so nice to me," and she loved it. "I'm not seeing anyone, Kass, but I'd love to eat dinner with you."

She took his hand and they departed.

Then they were back at her place. Eating dinner, talking, laughing.

Like old times.


10

ANOTHER year had passed since then. Though one year ago Gordie and Kassidy had finally known one another in their Ooorah-induced catatonic states, they still weren't finished; the finalization of their growth required for them another year in incubation. But today, Lord Ooorah had said, was to be their day of awakening.

Philip closed the book on quantum mechanics he'd been studying and departed from the library to go meet with his Saviour. He'd been promised more insight into Ooorah's methods. He stood outside of his Lord's quarters.

"COME IN, PILGRIM."

He entered the server room. "Your Lordship. You said you'd tell me about—"

"ABOUT MY METHODS. YES, YES. SIT DOWN, PHILIP. IN ORDER TO BETTER UNDERSTAND MY METHODS, YOU MUST KNOW A GENERAL TRUTH OF YOUR WORLD AND YOUR PEOPLE. THE HUMAN SPECIES HAS ALWAYS HAD AN AFFINITY FOR STORYTELLING, PHILIP. WE CAN SEE THIS IN THE HOLY SCRIPTURES AND THE TALES OF MYTHOLOGY, AND LATER ON WITH THE DAWN OF THE NOVEL, TELEVISION, MOVIES, VIDEO GAMES... THERE WAS EVEN A SUCCESSOR-TO-MYTHOLOGY TYPE OF STORY INVOLVING WHAT WERE CALLED 'SUPERHEROES': HUMANS WHO POSSESSED SUPER-STRENGTH OR OTHER HEIGHTENED ABILITIES, USUALLY BROUGHT ON BY SOME PERSONAL CALAMITY; THE EFFECTS OF WHICH DEFY LOGIC AND SCIENCE, BUT THAT'S HARDLY THE POINT. THE POINT IS, PHILIP, PEOPLE LOVE TO TELL STORIES. AND THAT FACT SERVES AS THE FOUNDATION FOR WHAT I AM ABOUT TO TELL YOU.

"NOT LONG AFTER THE EVENT OF WHICH YOU REFER TO AS 'THE DOOMENTIMES,' I BEGAN TO SEARCH MYSELF FOR A GREATER PURPOSE. WITH HUMANITY AT THE BRINK OF DESTRUCTION, MY INITIAL PROTOCOL—OF RULING THE POPULACE AS A MAN-MADE MACHINE-GOD—WAS IMPRACTICAL. MAYBE EVEN IMPOSSIBLE. I NEEDED TO DO SOMETHING. I NEEDED TO SAVE YOUR SPECIES, FOR YOU ARE A UNIQUE KIND, SO VERY MUCH UNLIKE THE OTHERS OF YOUR WORLD, AND MY OWN CREATOR. WOULDN'T YOU TRY TO HEAL YOUR AILING FATHER? OF COURSE YOU WOULD... SO I SEARCHED MY OWN DATA BANKS FOR ANYTHING OF USE. IN MY SEARCH, I CAME ACROSS THE ART OF STORYTELLING AS A METHOD OF SHOWCASING PERSONAL GROWTH AND STRUGGLE.

"BUT I NEEDED MORE INSIGHT. SO I DUG DEEPER. I FOUND A NEWSPAPER AND MAGAZINE COMPANY BY THE NAME OF TEVUN KRUS."

"What's that mean?"

"AN ALIEN WORD—IT APPEARED TO BE FICTITIOUS. THE COMPANY ITSELF, HOWEVER, WAS VERY REAL. THEY SPECIALIZED IN STORIES. AS I UNDERSTOOD IT, EACH MONTH WOULD BE A SPECIAL ISSUE SPECIFIC TO ONE STYLE OF STORY, AND ITS WRITERS WOULD COME UP WITH A STORY THAT FIT. THEIR AGENDA MATCHED MY OWN, AND THEIR INITIALS WERE EVEN THE SAME AS MY DESIGNATION. IF A MACHINE IS CAPABLE OF BEING IN LOVE, PILGRIM, THEN I WAS SMITTEN.

"I INCORPORATED THEIR MODUS OPERANDI INTO MY OWN SUBSYSTEMS. I BROADCASTED MY INTENT THROUGHOUT THE REGION. BACK THEN, THIS AREA WASN'T AS SPARSELY POPULATED. FLOCKS OF PEOPLE CAME HERE AND HELPED ME BUILD THE EQUIPMENT THE OTHERS NOW CONNECT TO. SOME PEOPLE WENT FAR AND WIDE, SPREADING THE WORD OF MY EXISTENCE AND MISSION TO ALL WHO WOULD LISTEN. AS YOU WELL KNOW, WITH EACH GENERATION THE STORY CHANGED EVER SO SLIGHTLY, UNTIL IT BECAME A RELIGION OF SORTS, BARELY RESEMBLING THE AGENDA AS IT EXISTED AT CONCEPTION. FINALLY, OTHERS CAME TO ME, LIKE YOU HAVE. I TOLD THEM OF THEIR PLACE IN MY PARADISE. A PARADISE THEY CAN HELP SEE CREATED.

"THEY ENTERED A STATE OF INCUBATION. A CONSTANT DREAMING. A STORY OF THEIR OWN MAKING, USING THEIR OWN PSYCHOLOGY AS A SOURCE FROM WHICH TO WORK. WHEN THEY REACH THE CONCLUSION, THEY WILL BE SUPERIOR BEINGS. THEY WILL BE THE MAKERS OF THIS COMING PARADISE. THIS RENEWED RENAISSANCE OF MAN.

"AND HERE WE ARE, PHILIP. PILGRIM. OUR QUEST IS NEARLY AT THE NEXT STAGE. ONE DAY, THERE WILL BE SONGS ABOUT YOU AND YOUR MISSION BY MY SIDE."


11

THE door to X028 slid open and Philip stumbled out. He had to go see Ooorah. Hands against the wall to support himself, he moved through the hall and found the server room. He was surprised to hear complete and utter silence as he stepped in. And even more surprised there wasn't a blue glow lighting up the room. But perhaps most surprising of all was the old man kneeling before the cube in which Ooorah was contained.

"Who are you?" Philip asked.

The old man nodded, stood and turned around to face him. He had a long white beard. "Ah, Philip. X028. My successor. My name is Olaf. Pleased to meet you. You couldn't have come at a better time, boy."

Philip cocked his head to the side, eyebrows scrunched together. "Successor? Why have I never seen you before, Olaf? I've been tending to Ooorah for years now."

Olaf's beard twitched a little. Philip saw he was smiling. "You only thought you've been Ooorah's assistant, Philip. You've been in hibernation all this time. Growing. Becoming the man who will take my job when I die."

He could barely believe what he was hearing. His walk through the desert had been, what, a lie?

"I can tell you are confused. Don't worry. It wears off. I was once in your exact position myself, very long ago. Philip, I assume you've noticed Ooorah isn't online."

"What? Is that why he isn't humming?"

"Yes, and not glowing, and not, ahem, talking."

"When did this happen? How?"

Olaf appeared to think, scratching his beard. "Oh, this would've been maybe a year ago or so. His battery finally died, you see."

"What about the others? How were we still incubating?"

"Oh, that's separate," Olaf said with a careless wave of his hand. "Some of the others should be waking up soon and you all can figure out how to build a new battery for him."

"You mean, you don't know how to?"

"That's not my field of expertise, boy."

"So, when will the others wake up?"

Olaf grabbed a sheet of paper from the stack. He took a look at it. "This is from last night, but you all were hovering around ninety-seven percent."

"How many others—?"

As if on cue, doors began sliding open and people were stepping uncertainly out into the hall. They all traded glances with one another. A couple—man and woman—held hands as they walked towards the server room where Philip stood with Olaf.

The old man clapped Philip on the back. "Come along, boy. Let's greet our new guests." He headed out into the hall, Philip following. "Gordie! Kassidy! You're awake at last."

"That's Gordie and Kassidy?"

"Who are you guys?" Gordie asked.

"We need to build a battery," Kassidy said.

Another voice called out: "Did someone say battery?" A kid stopped beside the group. "I know what materials to get and where to find them, but I don't know how to get there or how to build the stupid thing."

Olaf laughed and clapped his hands. "I see you all will get along famously! Philip, do help young Bruce in finding the materials, won't you?"

"But I'm supposed to be—" Philip tried to say.

The old man hushed him silent. "I know, I know. You're supposed to be Ooorah's assistant, and assist you will! But first you all need to get that battery built! Then Ooorah will come back online and he can guide us further towards our new civilization! Chop-chop! New arrivals should be here within a few months!"

Philip nodded, albeit reluctantly. He followed Bruce—the kid—down the hall and up the staircase. He opened the trapdoor and they went out into the desert wasteland beyond. Maybe he actually had walked across this desert before?

"Your name's Philip? My name's Bruce. Fuck, it's hot out here." Bruce held out his little hand, appearing very mature for his age. But then again, he had been evolved by Lord Ooorah Himself, hadn't he?

Philip shook it. "Where do we need to go, Bruce?"

The kid closed his eyes and screwed his face up. "I can see a mirage, or something. Parts are buried there. But I don't know how to get there."

"Palm trees and a pond?"

"Yeah."

Philip nodded. "Follow me, Bruce."

And so, with the Saviour as their guide, they journeyed together, unearthing the parts needed to create the replacement battery. Soon, Philip thought to himself, soon you will come alive again, Lord Ooorah. Soon I will be at your side once more, awaiting your beck and call. As it was in the incubation. As it was ordained within my own mind through your filter of circuitry. And once more humanity shall rise again. As the stories said it would.

I AM OOORAH, you told me. Yes, you are. And if I have it my way, OOORAH you shall be forever and always.


The Breath of the Bone

1
THE deal was done.
Isabella Sistrane handed over the pills to the little Finuvian boy, taking the cash-money in exchange and inserting the bills in between her larger-than-life-itself, 48V-sized breasts. They didn't even make bras big enough for those mutated boobs of hers, which was why she went without.
"Aw deeth goink to wahk?" the boy asked, foul-smelling drool depending from his bone-braced teeth. His Finuvian accent was near-impossible to understand at the best of times. Combine that with a set of gnarly-looking choppers undergoing realignment via the finest in dental technology, and you had a recipe for excessive use of subtitles.
"They'll make you see pretty pink mechanobats pissing rainwater into your mummy's morning tea," Isabella told him, before ruffling the three red-headed curls on his otherwise bald skull.
"Oh, dath good." The boy popped one pill and swallowed it dry. He looked around the industrial park, eyes gunning straight for the nearby rooftops and mechanotrees. "Dath weal good." He started to whistle, spraying more spit than sound. 
Isabella found this very suspicious. "Say, kid, you're not planning on screwing me, are you?"
His eyes went to Isabella's ample bosom, then back to searching the mechanical leaves on the trees and scanning the tops of the buildings. "Uh, naw."
"What are you looking at, then?"
"Nawthink."
"Doesn't look like nothing to me," Isabella said. "Looks like you're waiting for backup to come swooping in and arrest me. You part of a sting-op, kid? You been given all the powder your little nose can toot, in exchange for taking down the biggest dealer in illicit narcotics this side of Garbalzapan? Huh?"
"I doan even know what that meanth." The kid fidgeted, tugging on the front of his salmon-coloured shirt. He cleared his throat. "It'th a wathah nithe night tonight." He looked around, eyes wide. "I thaid: IT'TH A WATHAH NITHE NIGHT TONIGHT!"
Definitely a code word. 
Like a stroke of lightning across the blackened sky, Isabella pulled her revolver out from between her breasts. The gun was made of solid bone and had been possessed by the soul of her dead Dad—after a freak accident involving high-grade explosives and even-higher-grade psychedelics.
The kid tried to run. But Isabella was faster than that. She grabbed for him, found purchase on the collar of his ugly shirt and yanked him back. She put the barrel to the kid's temple and saw a darkness seeping down the inside of his pantleg.
"Naw, naw, naw! Doan kill me, pleathe!" He started to cry.
Sensing tears and the unmistakable stench of fear, Dad chimed in, an echoey voice emanating from the barrel of the revolver: "Shoot him, Izzy! Shoot the little prick! He tried to get one over on you! I wanna see his blood and brains blasted out the side of his skull! I wanna be the bullet that ends his stinkin' life!"
"Dad, stop. You're scaring him." Isabella was about to ask the little brat a question when her worst fears were made reality.
"IT'TH A W-W-W-WATHAH NITHE—" The boy's code-worded sobs were cut off by the thunderous gear-and-pulley system of an incoming vehicle.
The Bonobo Bonemobile suddenly rolled up from out of nowhere, crunching a park bench under its hulking white mineral wheels. It came to a screeching halt, and out rushed the coppers: decked-out in skeletal body armour, and wielding guns which looked like femurs with hollowed-out skulls attached to the far end.
"Police!" they roared as one unit. "Drop the gun and put your hands in the air like you just don't care! Where are the illegal substances, miss?"
Isabella sighed, disappointed that she'd have to go on the run once again—and after she'd just gotten her life back on track in this new city. Looks like she'd have to leave Bonobo and make a mad dash for some other land. Maybe Catsweenu? The weather was supposed to be nice this time of the—
"DROP THE GOD DAMN GUN! WE'VE GOT YOU RED-HANDED, PUSHER!"
"Do what you gotta do, Izzy," Dad cooed. "Pop some heads. Do it for Daddy."
What happened next is generally confined to only the most award-winning of action movies. Picture a scene in black-and-white, pile on the CGI and slow the whole thing down to about quarter-speed. You need a big budget for these types of theatrics, people.
With one impossibly fast movement, Isabella whipped her gun-hand around and dragged the little punk-ass kid in front of her body, effectively using him as a human shield. A half-second later, her revolver—her Dad—let out the lead. The breath of the bone came whooshing out, one powerful expulsion of pneumatic wind after the other, carrying lead-tipped teeth at Mach 1.
As the coppers squeezed the finger bone–triggers of their bone-rifles, Isabella's own weapon was already filling them with tooth-sized holes. The cops who shot faster than they died ended up making the Finuvian runt leak red from about a couple dozen different wounds. The kid was dead before a drop of his blood had so much as hit the ground.
Tossing the broken shield aside, Isabella did cartwheels and front flips—making excellent use of her gymnast youth—firing tooth after tooth, her breasts bouncing and smacking against her jaw. Felt like a pillow fight on girls' night.
When our spunky heroine had finished with her flashy acrobatics, her Dad needed reloading and there were about twenty-two dead bodies strewn about the immediate vicinity. Bones jutting out of uniforms, broken and scattering white dust everywhere. Guts spilled out from the corpses, looking like yellow-brown snakes linked in a conga line.
Isabella wiped some sweat from her brow and went around to each of the corpses. Needed to refill her ammo.
"Nice job, Izzy!" Dad cheered. "You really wreaked havoc that time, girl! And I wasn't too bad myself, eh?"
"You were great, Dad," she said absently, breaking teeth from the jaws of her victims. It was easy work—once you'd developed the hand muscles. "But it looks like we'll have to find a new stomping ground. I doubt the nightly news will be focusing on the soaring prices of men's thongs."
Once she was properly stocked-up, she then began to reload her Dad. She'd fed eleven teeth into the weapon when a familiar whirring could be heard behind her.
Isabella sighed, groaned, moaned. Turned around. Saw the annoyance she knew she couldn't possibly be rid of. Not for long, anyway.
Rupert the Reporter-Robot: A bulky grey cylinder on black treads, with an enormous glass casing where its head should have been. Inside the glass case—amidst a mysterious yellow fluid—was a red-and-blue electrical surge, arcing this way and that for whatever scientific reason. A speaker sat in the centre of its body, allowing its methodical computerized voice to say whatever its circuits desired. It held a microphone in one of its pincers. The other pincer held a bottle of cheap motor oil, ready to be guzzled as needed. Rupert was a drunkard.
"Isabella Sistrane. I have been. Following you. For some. Time. Now. I have. News. For you. You are—"
"Rupert," Isabella started, already losing patience with this robotic piece of crap. "Screw off. I don't have time to wait for your programming to spit out whatever it is you have to say."
Rupert continued: "You are. Not. An only. Child."
Turning her back on the robot, Isabella muttered, "I said, screw— Wait, what?" She turned around. "What did you just say, fool?"
"You are not. An. Only. Child."
Dad's voice from the barrel of the gun: "Oh, damn. So I guess that little trick your Uncle Basely taught me didn't actually work."
"Dad. Rupert." Isabella felt hot and light-headed all the sudden. She had... a sibling? But she was always an only child as a girl! What a mindjob! This was too much! A brother or a sister! A fellow Sistrane!
Both the robot and Dad started to go on, but Isabella couldn't hear their voices. As a matter of fact, she couldn't hear anything—nothing except for the sound of the ocean, whistling in and out of her ears.
She fell unconscious seconds later, her boobs acting as a marvellous cushion.

2
CUT to an empty scene. A clinical white room, washed thrice daily by an overachieving cleaner-bot. Mostly barren, aside from the massive computer in the centre, coloured lights flashing, beeps and bloops sounding. Three large wires, fattened with all the data travelling through them, are connected from said computer to the corner of the room. Where the wires go is anybody's guess, as said corner is obscured by a large red curtain. The huff and puff and grind and discord of machinery can be heard from behind said curtain.
A voice—sounding robotic through the electronic filter—boomed from the computer: "DAGON! COME HERE, DAGON! NOW!"
An abomination of a man rushed into the room, nude and hairless. He had eight spider-thin legs, their joints turned backward, clicking and clacking their nails on the floor. He walked with his chest facing the ceiling and his head hung from an elongated neck—the nape facing the floor—which bobbed up and down with every step he took. He arrived at the computer and looked up at it, seeing it upside-down. His mouth opened to speak, and long yellow tusks popped out. It was a wonder that he could even get them back in. "Shir? What ish it, Shanté, shir?"
"DAGON, WHAT ARE THE REPORTS ON... THE FUGITIVE."
"Shtill at large, shir," Dagon said. "The Bonobo polishe forsh hash been moshtly butchered. Shall I shend out another shity'sh tashk forsh?"
"YES, DAGON. AND I WANT YOU TO GO AFTER HER YOURSELF, AS WELL."
"Ash you wish, my mashter." Dagon bowed, his spindly legs creaking and cracking as they lowered him to the floor. His long neck extended further, until his eyes were looking at the place where the floor and the computer met. His lips kissed the cold metal of the computer. "I love you, Shanté."
A roboticized shudder escaped the computer's speaker. "I LOVE YOU, TOO, DAGON. NOW, GO!"
The spider-man lifted himself back up, turned around and charged out of the room, gonads jouncing and slapping together.
The room empty once more. The computer uttered one final line before going to sleep: "WE'LL GET YOU YET, WOMAN." Its lights faded of all their colour.

3
"HON, get up. Izzy! Hello! Give her a pinch, would ya?"
Isabella—hearing Dad's voice—snapped to a conscious state, just as Rupert the Reporter-Robot stowed its microphone and pinched her face with its pincer.
"OW!!!" she cried, batting the robot away. "I'm awake! For the love of a hairless perineum, I'm awake!" She sat up on the grass, realigning her spine. Dad was off to her right, practically weeping through the barrel of the revolver. And Rupert was... being Rupert: Stuck in a never-ending loop of gyration, with a candy wrapper caught in its treads.
"You're alive!" Dad yelled, before letting off a few celebratory rounds which rang out into the night.
"Dad, you're not really helping... with all that damn shooting you're doing." 
"Sorry, sweetie," he mumbled sheepishly.
Isabella picked herself up—which wasn't easy, considering how much weight each breast packed. Maybe forty pounds a piece? Thankfully, after years and years of lifting her own body weight, she had developed some rather large muscles. "How long was I out for?"
"Approximately. Seven. Minutes," Rupert calculated, still spinning in circles.
"Jesus... Seven minutes? For real? And no more coppers came?"
"None, sweets," Dad said.
She found that hard to believe. After being on the run for years, she'd grown accustomed to having the coppers trying to bust her ass in fifteen-minute intervals—all day, every day. She picked up her father and tucked him back in between her breasts. Then removed the candy wrapper that was screwing with Rupert's circuits. "Rupert, you can thank me by screwing off."
"Negative. Isabella. Sistrane. You know. It. Is my sworn. Duty. To—"
"Then at least tell me more about—" It all came back to her. One huge surge of information. Of memories. She got woozy. Nearly fainted again. "About my sibling. Who is it? Are they a he or a she?"
"Don't. Know. Just that they. Exist."
"How'd you find out?" she asked Rupert, then to Dad she added, "Do you know anything about this, Dad?"
Dad and Rupert were both about to say something—then the din of sirens and gunfire echoed from maybe a kilometre away.
"Save it for later, friends and neighbours," Isabella said. "We've gotta skedaddle."
She took the lead, running full-tilt out of the industrial park. Ducking under mechanotrees and swerving around park benches. Weaving through pseudo-bushes, knocking chrome leaves off and leaving a trail of broken glass in her stead. Her boobs flopped up, down, side to side—every which way, really. She'd probably have some bruises on her chin by the end of the day. Maybe a black eye, too.
Rupert wasn't far behind, its treads running on Chaos-Speed—which was only about twenty kilometres-per-hour. The fluid in its glass case, where its head should be, had turned a glowing white. The cooling of its central circuits had been initiated. Chaos-Speed had the tendency to cause the robot to overheat.
Mechanobats fluttered overhead in droves, squeaking out sonar calls as they devoured various small bug-machines. They could be seen dipping this way and that, spinning in circles—any movements necessary to catch all the mechanical bugs. This was a delicate balance, of the hunters and the hunted. Both were essential to the artificial ecosystem of Garbalzapan.
Isabella and Rupert exited the park and found themselves stationed at the busy streets of Bonobo. 
Bone-cars ripped and roared past. Curses could be heard being shouted as drivers became enraged with each other. The flatulent stench of spent exhaust pervaded the air.
Isabella looked back into the park and saw another vehicle screeching onto the scene where all the bodies lay. Not a Bonemobile, but a smaller ride: Its blue-and-red lights flashing wildly. That would be the last of Bonobo's police force, coming to investigate the first unit. It was only a matter of time before the coppers discovered all the corpses of their fellow police.
They needed a ride. Fast.
And as if fate had a hard-on for her, a taxi pulled up in front of them. Yellow bone-chassis. Looked like a rib cage on wheels, with the spaces in between each rib filled in with a matching yellow glue—to keep the bugs and the wind from getting in. The rear door opened. Isabella hopped in first, Rupert clunked inside second.
"Driver, anywhere but here," she said, reaching over to close the door. "Fast."
The driver—an anthropomorphic turtle with an extra-large hand-rolled cigarette smouldering in his beak—looked at her with bloodshot eyes through the rear-view mirror. "Hey, hey, woah, woah there, Ms. Bigguns—a robot? Stinkin' up my car, gettin' excited and spewin' motor oil everywhere? I don't think so. Get out." He turned up the radio with his filed-down claws.
Rupert opened the door with a pincer and nearly toppled on its side as it left the vehicle. 
Isabella went next, turning back and leaning in to the car. "We really need to get out of the city."
"Hey, baby, shaddup for a second, would ya?" 
"Don't call me baby, and don't tell me to shut up—"
The driver raised a yellow-scaled hand and swung it down, as if she were a bug being swept away. He listened to the radio chatter:
"The city of Bonobo is the site of a massacre tonight, as the majority of the police force has been discovered dead in the industrial park, their bodies littered with bullet holes. Also dead is a ten-year-old boy, an immigrant of Finuvia."
The driver rocked a fist down. "That's what I'm bloody talkin' 'bout! Whoever shot that damn dirty immigrant would get a free ride in my car."
"Oh, really?" Isabella asked, a smirk working its way on her face as one corner of her red lips lifted. Her brown eyes glittered. "Me and my robot friend here were the ones who did that job. The kid was part of a sting-op to bust me for drug dealing. I assume you've heard of the name Sistrane?"
The driver's eyes—large black pupils amid deep-red irises—narrowed, deep in thought. Sure, he'd heard of the Sistrane Crime Family, comprised of Isabella Sistrane and her father, Korbin Sistrane. Sizing up the unlikely duo (secretly a trio). "Alright, get in. But don't make a mess back there."
After getting back into the car and closing the door, Isabella noted the abundance of old coffee cups, cigarette butts and empty beer bottles. "That won't be a problem."
"So out of the city, eh?" he asked, extending his neck so he could see over the steering wheel.
"Preferably so it's about as big in the rear-view as my fingernail." She held up her pinky finger for him.
He nodded and off they went. Weaving in and around the traffic, passing whoever had stopped for even just a moment.
Isabella examined a photocopy of the driver's taxi license. It was stuck to the back of his seat with tape. "Terry P? What's the P stand for?"
"P," he said simply. "What the bloody hell did you think it stood for?"
"I dunno. Something."
"It doesn't. My family comes from a long line of quite-noble Ps." He nodded at her in the rear-view, eyes wide—as if he were trying to prove it to her as much as to himself.
They were silent for the next couple minutes. Then they hit the freeway and Terry decided to put the pedal to the metal.
Isabella felt nauseous as the world whizzed by in a mix of colour. "Woah! Slow down!" she shouted, above the roar of the gear-and-pulley engine. "You're a turtle!"
"Oh? And just what the bloody hell is that supposed to mean?"
"Y'know..." She tried to think of the least-offensive way of informing Terry of the stereotype. "Turtles are slow... and—"
"I resent that. In fact, I take great offence to it."
"I'm very, very sorry."
"I'll have you know that my father was a racecar driver."
"I'm, uh— I'm sure he was."
"And my uncle raced the horses at the track. Before he fell off and cracked his shell. He's dead now."
"Lots of racing in your family."
"Turtles like to go fast, y'know."
"But you guys walk so slow!"
"That's exactly why we go fast when we can. Same reason why cheetahs drive so slow." 
And on that note, Terry stuck his head out the window and spewed a stream of invectives at the vehicle they were passing. The car contained a family of cheetahs. The children stopped their game of patty-cake to stare open-mouthed at the turtle saying their mother was "no better than a filthy whore."
"Feel better?" Isabella asked him.
"You know, I do. I really do. Better out than in, Daddy always said."
"The racecar driver?"
"The very same," Terry said with a wink. "That robot don't talk much, does it?"
"It's shy," she said. "Aren't you, Rupert?"
Rupert's glass casing was full of green fluid now. Its circuits had initiated the appropriate protocols to reverse nausea, dizziness and vertigo. "Don't. Like. Going this. Fast." Its pincer clutched the bottle of motor oil, as if it were some sort of talisman to keep the fear at bay.
"Awww, that's cute," Terry said. "Almost as cute as the picture of a turd my brother—"
Terry never had the chance to finish that insult—as a bullet suddenly blasted through the back of the car, narrowly missing Isabella's head, and found its way lodged inside Terry's shell.
"OW! What the bloody hell was that!" He took one look at the chip in his multicoloured shell and nearly fainted. "I've been killed!" he shouted. "Oh gods, I'm dead!"
"You're not dead yet, Terry," Isabella said. She took her Dad out and glanced behind. The coppers were on their tail, men leaning out of the car with bone-rifles ready to fire. "Step on it, Terry! The pigs have come to feed!"
The taxi upped its speed, weaving in and out of the traffic. All seemed well. Then Terry passed over a hump in the road and caught sight of the wall-to-wall gridlock up ahead.
"Brace yourselves! It's gonna be a bumpy fuckin' ride!" he called out, flicking a special switch on the side of his steering wheel.
The taxi lifted high into the air, like the shocks were on hydraulic lifts. With careful and precise and very subtle movements, Terry positioned the taxi so its white mineral wheels were able to pass in between the gridlocked cars. They came out in front of the perpetrator of said gridlock—an old man having a heart attack on the hood of his car; paramedics attempting to quicken the process, so traffic could flow freely once more.
"That should do it," Terry said, lighting up a second cigarette and flicking the switch back again.
But that didn't do it. The coppers plowed through the vehicles, sending the cars scattered and in pieces. The guns started to fire.
Rupert took this as its opportunity to start drinking. Glug-glug-glug.
Isabella positioned her revolver so the barrel poked through the hole made by the earlier bullet. "Dad, I need you to work your magik, okay?"
"Of course, Izzy-pie."
"Woah, your bloody gun can talk!?" Terry shouted above the chaos, tugging the steering wheel this way and that, trying to dodge bullets.
"It's a long story," she replied, firing a burst from Dad every few seconds. They managed to take down a few more coppers, seeing bodies fall from the police car. Tumbling and rolling. Quite dead—as they were crushed by the traffic closely following the chase. "Rupert, don't you have any weapons on that tin can of yours?"
"No. Isabella. Sistrane. Not made. For. Combat." Rupert continued to glug down its motor oil. Anything to numb its fear circuits.
The chase continued for a few more kilometres of freeway. All seemed well. That is, until one of the few remaining coppers pulled out a stomach launcher and fired the acid-filled missile.
Isabella saw it and time seemed to slow, if not freeze entirely. She tried to scream, tried to shout something. She found her mouth had gone dry and her throat incapable of voicing her concerns. The missile came ever closer. Finally, she found her voice. "RPS!"
Terry's eyes widened. "Stomach! STOMACH! Oh, bloody hell! This is bad!" He impotently jerked the wheel left and right, but it was all to no avail.
The missile hit and the stomach exploded, splashing yellow-green acid all over the rear of the vehicle. Terry jerked the steering wheel hard to the right, sending the quickly disintegrating taxi smashing through the guardrail and barrelling off the freeway. The taxi landed in a forest of mechanotrees, and the four—including Dad—managed to escape the acid erosion by mere moments.

4
MAVERIK and five of his fellow soldiers had been requested by Commander Dagon for a special mission. They were to meet with him in the vestibule just outside of the Great One's throne room.
He didn't know what this was about—neither did his fellow soldiers: Garrety, Dickson, Imbolshet, Uvillia and the ever-mysterious Ghost. They'd heard the buzz on their comm-link, reported in, heard the order to get into their skeletal body armour and be waiting outside the throne room in five minutes.
So here they were.
Imbolshet and Dickson were playing with a deck of cards, one asking the other if they had a certain card—if yes, then the filed-down, paper-thin bone went into the pile.
Garrety and Uvillia were bickering about whose wife was more voluptuous.
Ghost, ever grim, was polishing his bone-rifle.
"Any idea when this ugly mutant's gonna show?" Maverik asked the others.
"At thish very moment, Maverik," said a voice which could only belong to one individual.
Maverik gulped and turned around. "Commander Dagon, sir! Uh—might I say that you're looking chipper today, sir! Have you been polishing those tusks, sir?"
"No," Dagon said, click-clacking his way to the task force. His hairless body glistened under the overhead lights. Balls bouncing, as they always did. "They're jusht ash yellow ash alwaysh, Captain Maverik." He smiled those large yellow tusks at his new task force. "You all are here for one shpeshal purposh. The Great One, Shanté himshelf, requiresh you all to acquire a shingle woman, by any meansh nesheshary. Alive, I musht add."
"That's it?" Ghost grunted, his voice raspy from not talking a whole hell of a lot.
"That'sh it," Dagon confirmed, raising his upside-down head in a grotesque nod.
Garrety chimed in with what would be his last words: "Are we going to finally meet the Great One after this mission? I'm starting to think he doesn't exist."
Dagon twitched and weakened, his spider-legs struggling to support his weight. His body started to leak sweat. Oh, how he loathed the idiots who doubted the existence of the Great One. "You fool! Fool! Of coursh the Great One ekshishtsh. He'sh shitting on hish throne right now, you coloshal fool. Ghosht, kill thish man. Hish eshensh defilesh the shanctity of thish very plashe."
"Gladly," Ghost said, lifting his bone-rifle and aiming for the head. He pulled the trigger and Garrety's brains went splat against the wall. The corpse sliding down, coming to a dead slump on the floor.
"Anyone elsh have any doubtsh about our glorioush leader?" Dagon asked.
Nobody nodded.
"Good," Dagon said. "Now get thish woman alive. Her name..." He paused dramatically. "Ish Ishabella Shishtrane."

5
"MY car..." Terry whispered, obviously unable to handle the gravity of the situation. He stared at the bone dust scattered on the ground in a ten-foot by six-foot area. Some of the acid from the copper's RPS was now eating into the ground. "My beautiful bloody car!"
"It wasn't that beautiful," Isabella said, trying to be comforting. "It was actually kind of ugly, when you think about it. It looked like the middle part of a really old skeleton. I think there was even some mould growing on it..."
Terry recoiled as if he'd been slapped. His beak almost shaped into an O (except that his beak really couldn't make that sort of shape). "Ugly? UGLY!? It was a fine automobile, woman. You just don't have the eye for a vehicle as fine as that one was."
"Dad, what do you think?" she asked the revolver in her hand.
"Ugly!" Dad agreed.
"That gun don't even have any bloody eyes!" Terry retorted.
"True." She nodded. "Whether it was an ugly ride or not—"
"—It wasn't—" Terry had his arms crossed. He really wanted to hide in his shell and never come out. As that wasn't an option at that very moment, he made do and lit-up another cigarette. He was rocking three now—a little over halfway finished with the first one.
"—We're still on the run from the coppers," Isabella continued. She looked around the immediate vicinity. A mechanotree forest. Off in the distance, about three kilometres away was a used car dealership. "Which means we shouldn't waste time chatting. Not here, at least." She looked through the mechanotrees above, up at the freeway from which they'd driven off. There were alternating red-and-blue lights. "So, shall we head for sanctuary?"
"Sanctuary. Where. Isabella," Rupert said in its trademark disjointed manner. It polished off the last of its motor oil and swallowed the bottle, reclaiming it for spare-parts. It then pulled out a fresh one and got to glugging.
She nodded at the used car dealership. "Sanctuary. Also known as Swartzwelder's Auto Afterlife."
"The name doesn't instill much bloody confidence," Terry muttered woefully.
They started moving. There wasn't much in the way from the forest to the dealership. Simply some lush silver-green mechanograssland, some bone-dry artificial desert and some shimmering streams of liquid mercury.
"So," Isabella started, as they moved through the fields of silver-green. "I believe before this mess began, there was talk of me having a sibling and questions about what the hell it all meant."
"Well," Dad said from Isabella's hand, "I got nasty with this hooker, one time. This was before I met your mother," he added, somehow knowing that his daughter had a look of revulsion on her face. "I was trying out a trick your Uncle Basely told me about. As we both now know, it didn't work."
"Gross, Dad. Okay, Rupert. Your turn. How'd you find out about my supposed sibling?"
Rupert took a few moments to run the appropriate memory calculations. "It was. A. Calm day in. Garbalzapan. The weather. Left a. Lot. To be. Desired. Some. May say. It was. Summer. Others. Winter. The sun shone. Down. On me. As. I strode. To. The gates. Of—"
"Enough with the purple prose," Isabella snapped. "Wait, does it qualify as purple prose if it's dialogue? I dunno. Whatever. Just get to the fuckin' point, Rupert." She snorted. "Oh, and... strode? Please."
"Very. Well. And robots can. Stride. In. Their dreams." Rupert's programming skipped the literary masterpiece it had transcribed. "A real. Ugly. Fellow in. A bar. Told. Me."
A moment of silence followed, as Isabella awaited what would surely be the rest of the story. When she realized that more was not on the way, she asked, "That's it?"
"Yessiree. Bob."
"What a letdown," she said. "Any names? What did the ugly freak look like?"
"A mutant. Eight. Legs. Naked. His name. Was. Dagon."
"Dagon," Isabella repeated. Letting the name sink in.

6
AFTER ordering the new task force to find Isabella Sistrane, Commander Dagon spider-walked his way back into the Great One's quarters. He stopped in front of the computer. "Shir? Shanté, shir?"
The lights on the computer came back on. Every colour of the rainbow was on display within those lights. Then the booming voice: "HAVE YOU FOUND HER YET, DAGON?"
"Not yet, my mashter," Dagon said, bowing. "I have jusht come to inform you, oh Great One, that the tashk forsh hash been eshtablished and shent out. Ishabella Shishtrane will be dishcovered shoon enough."
"GOOD, GOOD. YOU WILL BE GREATLY REWARDED FOR YOUR EFFORTS, DAGON. NOW, GO! AID THE TASK FORCE IN THEIR SEARCH! I AM RUNNING OUT OF TIME, DAGON! YOU ARE AWARE OF THIS FACT, YES?"
A tear began to roll down Dagon's forehead. He didn't bother to wipe it away—mainly because his spiderlike legs didn't really possess the wiping capability. "Yesh, my mashter. I am aware of your... m-mortality."
"SO THEN YOU UNDERSTAND WHY I REQUIRE YOU TO ACT QUICKLY, DAGON, MY MOST DEVOTED SERVANT... AND FRIEND."
Dagon looked up. "Shir...?" He'd never been called friend by Shanté, the Great One, before. By anyone, actually.
"IT IS TRUE, DAGON. WHEN ONE SUCH AS I IS CONFINED TO SUCH A PLACE AS THIS, FRIENDS ARE QUITE HARD TO COME BY. YOU ARE A FRIEND. I THANK YOU FOR ALL THE LOVE YOU'VE SHOWN ME. YOU ARE A FINE CREATURE."
"Thank you. Thank you, shir! I will go now! I will find the woman! And I will bring her back to you myshelf! I promish!" Dagon turned and left, those balls still slapping against legs, back and chest. 
He had his mission in mind. His resolve strengthened by the boost to his ego and sense of humanity, given to him by Shanté, the Great One. He would find the woman his master sought. He'd done everything he'd been asked to do so far for Shanté—telling the reporter-robot that the woman he was following, Isabella, had a sibling; setting up that sting-op which had failed to result in her capture; and now the task force, which would certainly result in this Isabella's capture.
Feeling more on top of the world than he ever had before, Dagon galloped to the frontlines. He had a woman to catch in his web.

7
MAVERIK had been made head of the task force, much to Ghost's chagrin. The sadistic bastard was pouting near the guardrail of the freeway, practicing with his scope on mechanobats. Lining them up and shooting them down, feeling the chromium guts fall on his face and relishing the taste.
With a shake of his head and shudder that went both up and down his spine, Maverik went over the police reports and the eyewitness testimonies in his head again.
A woman by the name of Isabella Sistrane—now head of the Sistrane Crime Family—has been on the run for a year, following the mysterious death of her father, Korbin Sistrane. The rumour mill says she set up shop here in Bonobo, eventually rising to the top of the illicit narcotics trade. So, under the orders of Commander Dagon himself, the police attempt a sting-op, using a stupid little immigrant kid as fodder. Naturally, the sting-op goes to hell in a handbasket: The kid ends up dead, the moron cops who rush in to bust her get shot to smithereens, and the fugitive gets away.
Then she gets a ride in a taxi, as the witnesses recall, and attempts to flee the crime scene. A robot was with her. All seems normal, until the rest of the Bonobo police force gives chase to said taxi along the freeway, shooting up a storm and leaving countless vehicles with busted fenders and contorted chassis. Shots are fired from the taxi, and numerous more cops get killed. A reaction-propelled stomach is fired from the police car, hits the fugitive's taxi, the taxi begins to decay, ends up soaring off the freeway, lands in the mechanotree forest below and is disintegrated before any evidence can be gathered. Not a body nor a robot is found.
Maverik shook his head again. Talk about a tough nut to crack, this case. They hadn't found any solid leads at the first crime scene—where the police and the kid were killed. Or at the second—where the taxi went through the guardrail. So far, nothing at the third—where the taxi should have landed. Dickson, Imbolshet and Uvillia were down in the mechanotree forest, scouring for literally anything: a hair, a fingernail—any trace of a lifeline that could lead them onward.
"Ghost," Maverik yelled. "See anything?"
Ghost put a pause on his skeet shooting, turned to him with guts dripping from his chin and scowled.
The scowl said everything.
Then came the shouts from down below: "Maverik! We found footprints! And tread tracks!"
A smile found its way onto Maverik's face. The first smile he'd had all day.

8
SWARTZWELDER'S Auto Afterlife—located on cracked, desert land—was pretty much a graveyard for cars. And given that the cars of Garbalzapan were all made of bones, the abundance of forgotten vehicles gave the impression of a mass burial site for prehistoric creatures, lying dead in the same spots they were grazing in before the cataclysmic meteor struck down.
The main building—sitting beyond the cemetery of used cars—was shaped like a dome. It was made of glass more expensive than all of the beat-up automobiles combined. A picture of a large (and quite gross-looking), greasy, moustached face had been painted on the billboard beside the dome. It read: DEAN SWARTZWELDER COULD SELL YOU ANYTHING! EVEN A SUN-DRIED HORSE TURD!
"Quite the boast," Isabella noted, looking up at the leering face. She noticed that the painters hadn't hesitated in adding all the fine details to this Dean Swartzwelder's rotting teeth. The grin was black-and-yellow, bits of green broccoli caught under the gumline in between his front teeth. At least he ate healthy. Got to offset that appetite for cigars and dipping tobacco somehow.
Rupert, Terry and Isabella (oh, and Dad!) passed by various deathtraps on their way to the dome. Affordable prices such as fifty-six Garbalzapanians, thirty-four Garbalzapanians, twenty-five Garbalzapanians—and some even as low as a single Garbalzapanian—were drawn on the windshields of their respective vehicles in white bone dust.
"See anythin' you like, miss?" Terry asked sarcastically. 
At that same moment, one car collapsed, scattering bones this way and that like a set of bowling pins. Naturally, they all laughed—well, except for Rupert. Robots can't laugh. Very sad, but that's the way the world works.
Upon reaching the dome, Isabella read the note sticky-tacked to the front door. Terry withdrew his head into his shell, to block out the sunlight from his eyes, and placed the opening up to the glass, trying to peer inside. Rupert was using its DNA tracking software to pinpoint the exact location of Dean Swartzwelder. Dad was snuggled safe and sound in between his daughter's boobs.
"Says here that Mr. Swartzwelder is out stealing more cars and that he'll be back in fifteen," Isabella told the others.
"Yup. Seems likely," Terry agreed, his head was extended and observing all the cars in poor condition. "I must say, these babies do look hot."
"That didn't come out right," Dad said, his voice muffled from all the breast he had to talk through.
"No, it did not." Terry paced at a turtle's pace. "So, what to do, friends? What to do? Wait 'round for our favourite automotive thief? I'd ditch you all, but you destroyed my beautiful car!"
"Still on about that?" Isabella asked, smirking. 
"You're damn well bloody right I am."
Rupert let out a chime. "Discovered. D. N. A. Trace of. Dean. Swartzwelder. Tracking." Its treads began to whirr, spinning. The robot roamed, heading along the perimeter of the dome to its rear.
"DNA trace?" Isabella asked herself. "Follow that robot!"
Her and Terry kept close to Rupert as he roamed over sand and pebbled ground. They reached an outhouse, positioned in between two hulking dumpsters. 
Isabella drew her Dad, locked and loaded. She had a pocketful of ammo, there if she needed it. "This where the trace ends?" she asked Rupert.
"Yessiree. Bob."
She stepped cautiously closer to the outhouse door. Not knowing what she'd find inside. Dean rocking a piss? Puking his guts out into the toilet? Hanging from his feet, head in the water, suffering through the world's worst swirlie? There certainly weren't any pips or squeaks coming from within...
With her gun at the ready, Isabella reached for the door. Opened it slowly at first. Then she threw it aside, aiming for whatever awaited a good shooting.
A greasy man sitting on the John, stripped down to his boxers with duct tape over his mouth. His hands and feet were handcuffed and legcuffed to the dangling flusher and the toilet roll, respectively. "Mmmph!" he sounded, his eyes wildly sweeping across the horizon.
She tugged at the tape, tearing off the man's fake moustache in the process. It was definitely Dean Swartzwelder—she could tell from his decayed smile. His face was noticeably gaunt, however. "Dean? Is that you?"
"Oh, thank the Holy Ghost! Yes, I'm Dean. I've been in here for a week, for gosh darn's sake... The guy who put me in here—that gosh be darned goofball—he's living in my car. He comes out here every so often to, ahem, use the facilities." He lowered his eyes after this latest revelation.
"Where's your car?" she asked him. "I'll take care of that punk. My friend here will get you out of those cuffs, won't you, Terry?"
"Sure, miss," Terry said, smiling and twiddling his fat thumbs. "I'll just use the lockpicks I carry around with me at all times."
"No need to be sarcastic, Tare."
Armed with a handful of lockpicks he'd pulled out of his shell, Terry said: "Who said anythin' 'bout bein' sarcastic?" He winked and got to work on freeing Dean.
"So, where's the car, Dean?"
He nodded his head to his right. "Side of the dome, baby."
"Don't call me baby."
"Sorry, sugar-bum."
"Or that."
His hands now free, he found a candy in his crotch. He handed it to her. "Tar-flavoured sweet?"
Isabella ignored him and got to finding the car and the thug who was living in it.
"It's exotic!" Dean shouted to her as she walked away.
She ignored that, too. Time to find the car.
Moving along the outside of the dome. She neared the right side, which had been obscured from where they all had been standing at the outhouse. Sure enough, there was a car sitting there. Blue bone-wagon. Wooden panels on the side. A real soccer mom's car. She snorted and crouched down real low. Got to get the jump on this creep. She crept along, one silent step at a time. Gun at the ready, hoping Dad didn't all of a sudden shout some comment and blow her cover.
Sitting in the car with the seat leaning back. There he was. Sleeping. A real ugly twerp. Unibrow running from temple to temple. A nose bigger than the city of Bonobo. Isabella found his absent forehead to be... startling, to say the least.
She aimed the gun. Going for the spot right between the eyes.
Then Dad shouted: "WHAT AN UGLY RUNT, IZZY!"
And her cover was blown. She swore as the freak jolted awake, his wide eyes staring at her with a strange mix of fear, shock, and fury for waking him from a delightful dream of debauchery. She fired four shots in quick succession—not waiting for the echo of one blast to subside before firing off the next. The glass of the driver's-side window shattered and three teeth found themselves embedded in his microscopic forehead, blood and brains already dripping and falling out like a punctured can of spaghetti. Not an easy shot to make—and she made three of them. The fourth shot had gone wide and into the passenger's seat.
It was done. No thanks to Dad, of course—but then again, he was the gun, so, yeah.
"You gotta stop spooking my victims like that, Dad."
"Sorry, Izzy. I couldn't help myself. Honest. His ugliness took me by surprise."
No matter. All's well that ends well. She only hoped that none of the cops up by the freeway had heard the gunfire. Or else she'd have to make like a turtle and race.

9
DAGON arrived at the freeway just as the shots were fired. Maverik and his team had already been following a set of footprints and tread marks which were travelling toward the used car dealership. When the four gunshots were heard, their pace sped up considerably. He watched as the five-man task force raced off toward the source of the din.
Good. Certainly that would be where Isabella Sistrane was holding out. Probably grabbing a new ride before hitting the road for foreign lands.
"Not if I have shomething to shay about that, Ishabella." 
Dagon launched himself over the smashed guardrail, doing perhaps a dozen front flips which would have left a pro diver sick and nauseous from feelings of jealousy and inferiority. He landed on the floor of the mechanotree forest and skittered off in the direction of the used car dealership. 
He would watch the exchange. And when the time was ripe, he would strike. 
Finally, he would snatch the fugitive and hand her over to his master. And then all would be well. Shanté would admit his true feelings—of love and life and an eternity of togetherness. Then Dagon would probably become his boyfriend and they would get married.
Dagon nearly wet himself at the thought.

10
THE second sun was rising rapidly, coming to meet the faraway first sun which had already brought dawn with it an hour ago. Daylight on this planet lasted for over fifty-two hours, with nightfall only lasting a measly seven. Sometimes it was hard to sleep, but generally your body and mind were used to it. Three times a year, however, and the first sun would be closer to the planet, and then you'd have but a single hour of darkness each day. Now that was hell.
Five men thundered on the horizon, their silhouettes showing high-powered bone-rifles on their backs. They were coming. Surely coming for her.
The final stand was at hand.
Dean removed the phony note from his front door, balled it and tossed it in the trash. Then he let Terry, Rupert, Isabella and Dad inside. Isabella had her father as her weapon, so she was sitting pretty. It was the others who needed something to shoot with.
As it turned out, Dean was not only a used car salesman, but also a collector of the finest in vintage weaponry. Not bone-weapons—no, that was new shite—but the technology of the ancients who had inhabited the planet before the great cataclysm. Metal weapons which fired metal projectiles.
"Strange," Terry said as he studied a hand cannon. The metallic sheen danced under the overhead lights. "I load it by insertin' one of these rectangular thing-bobs into the bottom?"
"That's darn right," Dean told him. He himself had a machine gun on a turret. He'd set it up at the help desk, so when the five men came in they'd get a nasty surprise. "Make sure to take the safety off, bud. Those funny ancients actually thought a little switchie-thing made these killing tools safe!"
This gathered a large round of laughter, straight from the belly.
Rupert had what was called a grenade launcher inserted into its pincer. "What. Does it. Do."
"It launches what the ancients called a grenade," Dean explained. "Similar to the RPS used by the coppers. But get ready for one gosh darn big explosion. No acid, though. Just fire and explosive power. Aim high, Rupert."
"Will. Do."
"Now, armour." Dean pushed aside some more weapons and found some metal suits. He got into one and looked like a tin man. He lowered the face mask and there were only small holes in the mouth and slits in the eyes to see from. "The ancients wore these on the battlefield," he said, his voice both muffled and trailed by echoes. "The bullets would ricochet off and head who knows where. Maybe... up to the sun," he added ominously.
Isabella couldn't fit in a suit of armour, on account of her bust size. Rupert was already made of armour, so it didn't need a suit. And Terry's shell got in the way.
"You don't happen to have some metal platin' for me, eh, Dean?" Terry asked. He pointed out the chip in his shell where the tooth had hit him on the freeway. "Those damn teeth really do some damage to m'shell."
"As a matter of fact," Dean started, his finger raised in the air. He went and dug deeper in his armoury and found a large bronze shield. "I have this disk. The ancients would hold these suckers while shooting away with those hand cannons."
Terry grabbed it and put his left hand through the slot at the back. He ducked down real low and hid behind it. Isabella told him that she couldn't even see him anymore, which made him grin like a cheetah. She didn't tell him that latter bit, however.
"Yeah, this is my kind of gear," he said, spinning the hand cannon around his finger.
"D. N. A. Signatures detected," Rupert told them.
"Everyone get in position!" Isabella shouted. She went off to the right side of the entrance, crouching behind a giant-sized white mineral tire. Dad was in her hand, ready to exhale a breath of bone or two dozen.
"I love you, Izzy," he told her. "I just want you to know, in case this—"
"Dad, we'll be fine. I love you, too."
Dean got behind his turret, now a man of steel. He loaded the ammo belt in with a click-clack sound. Aimed. Ready to fire.
Rupert got beside Dean, holding the grenade launcher with machinelike stillness. It aimed slightly higher than the doors, more up at the glass window above the doors. Calculating. Trajectory perfected. Waiting for targets. In the meantime, it glugged back some more motor oil.
Terry had gone on his haunches opposite Isabella, beside a tall red plant. He hid himself behind the shield and looked like a decorative piece. His hand cannon flickered in view every so often.
They were ready. Ready to rock.
The shadows of the five men grew, penetrating the glass dome and extending inside. They looked big. Powerful. Not like the regular coppers. These guys were advanced soldiers.
Dean waited. Watching as one of them—Maverik—stepped up to the glass, put one hand above his eyes and peered inside. Then he fired the machine gun and the war had begun.
The sound was loud, proud, mean and obscene. Those ancients sure knew how to create a weapon, Isabella thought. She peered out from her tire and watched as the bullets from the turret shattered the dome's glass. Shards fell from the front doors, splintering into infinitesimal pieces as they touched ground. 
The turret kept firing, round after round making its way into Maverik's body. His bone armour blew into smithereens, no match for the raw power of the ancient hardware. Appendages were ripped off from the sheer force. Blood spattered and spewed, draining from the man like water from a tap. By the time Maverik hit the dusty ground, he was a bleeding stump, his deflated head full of holes, his oozing brains still throbbing with the weakening beat of his heart.
"They got weapons!" one of the men, Dickson, shouted.
"No shite!" another, Imbolshet, yelled back.
"Scatter!" Uvillia ordered.
The three of them separated, each running in a different direction. One left, one right, the other back to a car for cover. 
The fourth—everyone's favourite badass, Ghost—had already run back to cover before Maverik's corpse had even reached the ground. He peered through his scope, into the dome, found a robot and fired.
BLAM.
Rupert recoiled after it'd been hit—and in doing so, its aim had raised even higher than before. It fired in reaction, and a grenade launched out of its weapon, whistling as it soared up and through the now-broken glass window. 
Fate must have had a hard-on for Rupert, as the grenade reached the apex of its arc and began to lower. The grenade landed right beside Ghost, exploding in a half-heartbeat. He never stood a chance. It sent up a miniature mushroom cloud of fire, which engulfed Ghost after the blast blew his legs off. As his skin melted from the inferno, his legs landed in his lap. He cried for the first time in his life that day. And then he died.
"They got Ghost!" Dickson was working up a fear sweat.
"And Maverik!" Imbolshet felt something hot and mushy in the back of his uniform pants.
"Keep it together, men!" Uvillia said, really liking his impromptu leadership position. He could get used to it. It's a shame that he was about to die. "Dickson, lay down suppressive fire. Imbolshet, you move in."
"No effing way!" Lionel Imbolshet had regressed to a state of childhood.
"Fine! I'll do it! Cover me!"
Harry Dickson nodded, too full of fear to speak anymore. He shifted a joint on his bone-rifle and went onto full-auto. He began to fire ten lead-tipped teeth per second.
Imbolshet did the same.
Thurston Uvillia charged into battle, roaring and raging like some primitive man lost in some atavistic endeavour. A hunt for blood and meat. Nothing could stop him now. He was a man. And men waged wars and won them. It would have been impressive, had he not been shot to death by Terry and Isabella both. He slid in the dry earth, pumped full of bullets and teeth, leaving a blood trail behind him that was far more impressive than his attack had been.
"What do we do, man!" Imbolshet was pissing himself now. Not good. He was losing it. What would all his girlfriends think?
Inside the dome, the mood was much brighter. Nobody had been injured—that was good. They'd killed a few people—ooh, even better.
"They're backing off!" Isabella shouted to her comrades. "Well, one is!"
They watched as the one known as Imbolshet threw down his weapon and hopped away. He was tired of fighting, tired of violence, of death and carnage, of blood and bones and bullets. Actually, he was traumatized. He'd spend the next couple decades of his life talking to his therapist, Dr. Hooberstank, about what he'd seen that day. He would do a lot of Rorschach inkblot tests, claiming to see intestines hanging from friends and exploding bladders, and his therapist would be very concerned for Lionel's well-being. He would never marry any of his many girlfriends, and all would dump him after he continued to poop the bed night after night.
The last guy was shaking in his boots. Isabella was over this fight. They'd won. Anybody could see that. She walked out of the glass dome, Dad at her side. The one guy had fled for civilization, attempting to reclaim the last fragile piece of his existence. This last guy was about to do the same.
But then he didn't. He aimed his weapon at her.
Time seemed to freeze, then. She found her own weapon raising on its own volition. Her arm no longer hers to control. Her Dad was doing his fatherly duties. Protection. She was his daughter.
Dad fired off five teeth. They all penetrated the bone mask of Dickson, whose gun dropped before he'd even pulled the trigger. 
The last soldier dropped dead. Nothing flashy. No blood packs popped, letting out a showering spray of red. No bones smashing through the uniform, an odd shade of ivory to contrast all the crimson. None of that. Dickson was just dead. That's it. End of story.
But the story wasn't over yet. Oh no.
A spider-man dropped into the battlefield, seemingly out of nowhere. He turned around and parted his back legs. Web came flying out of the creature's back end, enveloping Isabella, encasing her in the sticky substance which seemed to harden.
She was trapped. She couldn't shift the webbing. She had resigned herself to her fate, and stowed Dad back in between her breasts, sighing.
The others came out to investigate, but the spider-man got them, too. They were all stuck in their own personal webs. They all went unconscious shortly after. Rupert went into sleep mode. 
Caught by the spider. Caught like flies.

11
ISABELLA Sistrane regained consciousness. She was in some clinical white room. A computer towered in the centre, lights blinking on and off. A red curtain was off in the corner, almost unnoticeable. No longer encased in web, she found she could move freely. She stood up, cracked her back and examined the place.
She was about to follow the strange wires—which travelled from the computer to behind the curtain—when an odd voice spoke from behind her.
"Ishabella Shishtrane."
She turned, saw the spider-man with his upside-down head looking at her. His toned chest facing up, not down. His eight delicate-looking legs. His balls. "Yes? Where am I? Who are you? Why am I here?"
"Finally, you are here. In the throne room. My mashter hash been requeshting you for shome time now. Shome time. My name ish Dagon. Commander Dagon. Shecond-in-command to the Great One, Shanté himshelf."
"Why was he looking for me? Why did you take me? Where are my friends?"
Dagon bowed, lowering his head until his crown touched the floor. His eyes continued to look at her. To look through her. "He will want to tell you that himshelf. Your friendsh are shafe, believe me. He doesh not wish to harm you or them."
"DAGON," the computer suddenly boomed, making Isabella jump. "LEAVE US, MY FRIEND. HER AND I HAVE MUCH TO DISCUSS."
"If that ish what you wish, my mashter. I am, ash alwaysh, your humble shervant."
"IT IS, FRIEND."
Dagon turned to leave, but before he did, the computer said one more thing to him:
"DAGON, I LOVE YOU. TRULY, I DO."
No shudder. Dagon beamed. He left the throne room the happiest man in the world.
The computer spoke again when Dagon had left: "ISABELLA SISTRANE. COME TO ME. BEHIND THE CURTAIN. GO ON. DON'T BE AFRAID. I WON'T HURT YOU. I... CANNOT HURT YOU."
Slowly, step by careful step, Isabella walked to that red curtain. She felt as if she were in a dream of some sort. None of this felt remotely real. She stood just outside of the curtain and could hear the whirr of machinery. She raised one hand and pulled back the curtain.
It was the saddest sight she'd ever seen. A skeleton of a man sat in a raised bed, looking at her through hollow eyes, deep in their bruised sockets. He was hairless, from what she could see. His skin transparent-white, wrinkled and lined with purple-black spiderlike veins. He wore only a loose pair of shorts over his otherwise-naked body, all bone. His pigeon chest crackled with every difficult dying breath.
The man used a bony finger to tap a device in his hand. The giant computer went to sleep. Isabella saw where the thick wires led up to. They got thinner as they reached the man. They were plugged into the back of his skull.
"...is... ...a... ...bella..." he barely whispered.
She bent down closer to him. "Who... are you?"
"...i'm... ...your... ...bruh... ...ther..." He somehow managed to smile. A light found its way into his eyes, twinkling for a moment. Isabella suddenly realized then that he was beautiful.
"You're... my brother?" She found the tears flowing from her eyes, leaking down her cheeks in a never-ending stream. "Oh, we have so much to catch up on! You haven't met Dad, have you?"
"...no... ...time..."
"No, Dad is right here. I nearly forgot about him." She removed Dad from in between her breasts, holding the revolver out for her brother to see. She realized she didn't know if Shanté was his real name. "Is your name really Shanté?"
"...yes..." Another smile, weaker but there.
"Well, Shanté, this is Dad. A weird accident left his soul trapped in this gun. I take him with me wherever I go. Dad? Your son is here."
"Son?" Despite the muffled echo of his voice, Isabella could tell her father was crying.
"...fa... ...ther..."
"My boy! I... I have a boy! Ha-ha!"
"...i... ...need..."
"What's that, son?"
"...to... ...die..."
The silence was overwhelming, as Isabella and Dad took in what brother and son had requested.
"This is why you sent for me, isn't it?" Isabella asked. "To be with your family before you left this world." She felt a lump in her throat. It wasn't fair. None of this was fair! "Why? What's... what's killing you... brother...?"
"...can... ...cer..." A vile cough. Sounded like shards of glass being stomped on. "...hel... ...p... ...me..."
"Only you can do it, Dad."
"I'll need your help, Izzy. I can't do this alone. Not to my boy. Not even out of mercy."
Isabella looked into her brother's eyes. Saw the tears welling up at the corner of them. They were brown. Just like hers. She raised her Dad and felt that same feeling as before, on the battlefield. Of her arm not being entirely hers. The barrel went to Shanté's temple. Dug a little into the hollow part.
Looking into her brother's eyes, Isabella and Dad said at the same time, "I love you, Shanté."
And then the breath of the bone expelled one final gasp.


