The LOMMETRUS Chronicles
Book One: The Abduction of William Baxter 
By: Matthew Novak 
This book is a work of fiction. All characters, events, dialog and situations in this book are fictitious and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental. All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book, or portions thereof, in any form.
Smashwords Edition 
Published By:  Matthew Novak on Smashwords
Copyright 2013: Matthew Novak

Chapter 1

There have been a number of alien abduction claims over the years but none will compare in detail to the story I’m about to tell. My name is William Baxter and I am one of at least two humans that have reached the LOMMETRUS galaxy. Unlike so many of the accounts given where the person abducted remembers being locked in some spaceship or lab room to be tested and analyzed---my story is a different experience. In fact; my experience allowed me to be a central figure in changes that occurred in the LOMMETRUS. The other mentioned human that reached the LOMMETRUS is my work colleague; Sonya Meyers, the marketing intellect behind so many advertisements you see on television and hear on radios. I will also communicate her account of the events as she told them to me. The story begins like most stories do and that is with a first day---and an absurdly peculiar day it was.
 It started like most of my mornings---with eyes opening and the first image being the Nannyberry tree; the one that the landlord points out to potential renters, but also appears through my windowpane as the sunlight peeks through its reddish twigs on a chilly daybreak in January. Of course there was my typical sentiment of not wanting to get out of bed and just enjoy a few minutes under the warm blankets. I looked at the clock which displayed a 7:30 on its digital face. I then gave myself a mental command, “now Baxter, hit the alarm button and turn that awful noise off.” Then my thoughts drifted to, “I may need to find a new alarm clock because one of these days I’ll smash this one to a thousand pieces.” 
I put my head back on the pillow after I flipped it and propped it up; laying there to get my head and body in sync with the start of another day. Today is Friday, isn’t it? “Five o’clock on Friday is the best feeling,” I think. I love walking out of work Friday, knowing I don’t have to work again until Monday. I wouldn’t want anyone to get the wrong impression of me; that is, I don’t dislike working or even dislike my job. In truth, it’s my dream job. I just really love to enjoy my free time, my real life outside of work. I’m enjoying my early twenties, not living at home and now having my own apartment. My life is beginning to get interesting, especially my dating life. 
Now the building I work in does present some opportunities in meeting attractive women. In fact, there are plenty of beautiful women in my office. For example, this evening is especially exciting because the pretty girl in accounting said yes to a date tonight. It took me nearly three months to get any nerve and ask her for this date. I know what most people would think here; ‘That seems like a long time to wait for one date.’ That’s probably fair and I am more likely on the extreme side of apprehension that most guys feel when asking a girl out. But this isn’t just any girl; it’s Stacy Schmitt from accounting. 
It started out as just talking on our lunch breaks. I broke the ice by proposing a trade like kids do at school. I wasn’t serious but I thought it would be a cute way to get noticed. I remember it like this, “Hi---you’re Stacy from accounting, right? Uh…my name is William Baxter. You don’t know me…I work in the marketing department. Anyway, I couldn’t help but notice that you have my favorite, a turkey on rye sandwich, could I interest you in a trade for that sandwich?” 
As a side note; this is not actually my favorite sandwich although it was better than what I had. Delfinas Delicatessen’s a few blocks away makes a roast beef with melted provolone and some of that deli mustard spread on warm Ciabatta bread. That is the ultimate tasty sandwich; however, I needed something to start our conversation---something that might cause her to take notice of me. Stacy began to say something but paused; as if she needed a few more moments to consider my trade proposal. My efforts to make this trade increased with an attempt at being clever. 
I took the sales pitch approach. “I have the most delicious peanut butter and jelly sandwich and look, it’s even on this fabulous; vitamin rich bread.” Adding the last part of this pitch was more about showing my charisma. It didn’t help. 
 “Thank you but no, I am really very happy with my sandwich.”
“Are you sure? Grape jelly, extra creamy peanut butter,” I added but knew this was probably overboard on the salesman shtick. In fact; I took a quick analysis of my sales pitch to her and I don’t think that it came off as charming but rather…peculiar. As she was looking at me; I imagined her thinking, ‘I wish this weirdo would stop talking to me.’ She was polite though.
“I am really okay with my sandwich but maybe some other time,” Stacy said. 
I wasn’t sure what to say because the build-up in my mind would only allow the conversation to continue after she had accepted the trade offer so I was kind of stuck for any meaningful words at that point. Plus, the promise of ‘some other time,’ felt like an ending on some high note that I could hang my hope on. I couldn’t move toward asking her on a date after having my lunch trade offer rejected. No, rejection had to be taken in small doses or at least that was what I had decided prior to this first attempt at contact with the stunning Stacy Schmitt.     
Stacy was looking at me; head half cocked, and there was sort of this uncomfortable silence as I tried to figure out my next move. It was then that I realized my mouth had been open the whole time and worse yet, no words had been coming out of it. I was embarrassed and felt the blood rush to my cheeks as I imagined how dumbfounded I must have seemed at that moment.
“Are you okay,” Stacy asked?
 I had to say something and since I couldn’t think of anything else to say; I simply blurted out, “Oh, yes…okay. Well maybe some other time then.” 
She gave a warm albeit brief beam of recognition to my retreating statement and then went back to her number puzzle as I just sat there eating my sandwich, my plain ole PBJ. So initiating some semblance of conversation with Stacy is going to be difficult. I had dated in college and even high school but those were girls I grew up with, girls I had already been friends with. If I wanted a date with Stacy, I was going to attempt something that made me feel uncomfortable. The direct approach, words floating in my conscience like a foreign language.  
“Ask Stacy on a date and see what happens afterwards,” I thought. This only happened with the advice and encouragement of two co-workers; who are actually my only two friends from work, Miles and Sonya. Each had the similar opinion of: ‘just go for it’ and ‘just ask her out.’ 
“That’s it! You’re kidding right? You think I should just walk right up to Stacy and ask her for a date? Stacy Schmitt, the most attractive woman in the office,” I told them.
 This last comment didn’t set well with Sonya. She rolled her eyes and shook her head. “You’re hopeless Baxter,” Sonya said before walking away. 
I still couldn’t believe it was this simple. I stalled an additional day by checking with human resources on the proper protocol for pursuing an office relationship to which Bernie; a human resource department dinosaur, gave his trademark smirk. He looked up and then through those black rimmed glasses of his. “Baxter, as long as it doesn’t interfere with your work, yeah…just ask her out. But if I were you; I’d hurry, because someone else may beat you to it,” Bernie said. 
This third and decisive charge turned out to be the spring that sprung the inner-confident man that was somewhere in me. I was anxious but like an escaped convict running for the border, those words finally rushed from my mouth.
“Stacy, would you like to go out some time…get something to eat or maybe just coffee if you’re…?”
“Yes,” Stacy said before I finished.
“Yes as in you would like to go out…yes?” I said this because I needed to hear her say it again.
“Yes William. Yes…I will go on a date with you---dinner or something.” 
I couldn’t believe in that moment everyone was right about this direct approach thing. It actually worked. 
“Great! So does this Friday sound good?”
“That sounds fine,” Stacy replied. 
It was later when I told Miles. He gave me a slap on the back and in his own genuine approach to people that I was still in awe of, Miles showed his happiness for my success. 
“Now, don’t screw up the date,” he said with an exaggerated cockeyed wink.  
My friend Miles is a computer programmer in the building. Everyone is charmed by him in our office because, while he’s exceptional at everything he does, there is a humility quality about him that makes Miles approachable. It took me awhile to discover that about him though. I was used to being the best at nearly everything in high school; big fish in a small town, but Miles was on a whole new level. For example, he won the office NCAA tournament contest, picking nearly every game right. As mentioned before, every female in the office makes a point to say at least something to him if he walks by; even if it’s just a flirtatious, ‘Hi Miles.’ This will always be unnerving but what probably irked me the most was when he’d been asked into the conference room during a marketing strategy meeting with a small French Airlines company. As the meeting started, it was discovered that the airlines CEO did not speak English on a level appropriate for listening to a presentation and negotiating a major advertisement deal. It turned out that among other languages Miles is fluent in; speaking French is one of his favorites. I was nearly knocked over from shock and muttered through the gasp of disbelief, “You’ve got to be kidding me.”
When the deal was finished; the boss rewarded Miles with dugout seats at Yankees Stadium on opening day. More importantly; Miles had achieved in fifteen minutes what I’d been trying to do since being hired at Sorenson & Lankford---impress the boss.   
This perfect person image made me uneasy. I initially felt like a complete rube around the guy. Being in the same room with Miles got on my nerves; with his well-kempt, crew-cut hair and smartly-dressed outward manifestation. I was expecting a cocky meat-head type who somehow got his job through an important relative but instead, he could someday be running the company. My defenses were up and I made no effort to talk with him. Then I had a real problem with my laptop that went above my novice ability. I swallowed my pride to do the unimaginable and ask ‘Mr. Perfect at Everything,’ about it. And it wasn’t until after Miles fixed the problem when I finally allowed myself to be open around him. I found out that we had a lot in common. We spent an hour talking about the Knicks upcoming season, Nirvana music and kidded about some of the interesting people we’ve seen while riding the public transit. Talking with him was easier than I had imagined. My impression of Miles shifted as he turned out to be an interesting person with a sense of humor and someone that had every reason to be arrogant and cocky but was actually a nice guy to the very core. He’s impressive but one person has impressed me more. 
Sonya Meyers, whom most consider the real treasure of our marketing firm, has helped me immensely. While I was going through my interim period and working on my first account; Sonya took a professional interest in helping me through the project until the deal was done. This proved to be valuable in securing my job at Sorenson and Lankford as well as a great learning experience. I wasn’t expecting this kind of generous behavior from someone in the same department; much less someone as accomplished as Sonya. My initial logic told me we’re competitors, vying for the opportunity to represent the company for its biggest accounts and it’s those accounts that lead to promotions and more money. One example comes to my mind; it was when we were both pitching ideas to the boss for the Halstead account. It wasn’t the biggest account this company had ever seen but still, it was a good size account. I was full of fresh ideas and little confidence to back them up. College had taught me a lot of things but those first few months at the company were the real education. Sonya was polished at this marketing game and in addition to her solid ideas; she was organized and well spoken in front of a crowd. The presentations I brought were part of the job that shed light on my mediocrity and I honestly couldn’t pretend to be good at them.  
“I am more of a creative type and less of a perception guy,” I admitted to Sonya one day while preparing material for one client’s presentation. Sonya shook her head. 
“I’m not going to accept that William. The perception part is important and you are more than capable of handling it. You just need practice.”You may believe in it but you still have to sell it.” 
It made sense and besides, I couldn’t disagree with someone as successful as Sonya Meyers. She has been with the company twenty years and landed some of the biggest accounts for Sorenson and Lankford. She practically built this department for the company. Of course my competitive nature quickly turned into admiration for Sonya and her abilities in this marketing game. 
And now we are back to me, relaxed and in bed but still needing to get up. I rolled out of bed; kind of ready to tackle another work day but for the first time since I started working at the company, something was different---something felt different about me. I looked at the nightstand and searched for my glasses. Where are my eyes? “Bathroom,” I thought. 
I started walking that way when unexpectedly, my feet caught something and I fell to the ground. I squinted in that direction. It was when I got back up that I noticed my pants fell to my ankles. Christmas had been a few weeks ago and these were the pajama bottoms my parents had sent me. I remembered these fitting better last night or was I too tired to notice. I know they haven’t seen me in a few months but how much do they think I’ve changed? I can deal with loose but these were made for some kind of giant person. 
This is where the story took a turn into the surreal world. I walked into the bathroom and felt for the light switch. Nothing but smooth wall as my palm waved across its surface. I made my way to the sink as the sunlight from the bedroom window began peeking into the open bathroom. The strangest thought suddenly entered my head. The sink seems taller to me. I walked toward the image and discovered my thought to be true. The sink had in fact grown over night; as if I was still sleeping and in a wonderland of my own.  
Rubbing my eyes, I was still looking for my glasses on the countertop surrounding the sink. 
“Found them!” 
I turned around and could see through the dim sun beam that the light switch was nearly eye level. What is going on here? Could this be some kind of elaborate prank someone pulled? A few college buddies came to mind but they weren’t this clever. I then looked toward the mirror and my eyes bulged with an expression of disbelief. My face and hair looked the same but my body had shrunk. The reflection in front of me was a smaller version of myself. I rubbed my eyes again to make sure I was seeing this image clearly. What has happened to me? I moved closer to the mirror to examine my hands and the rest of my body more thoroughly. This wasn’t a prank or a dream; I was awake in reality. I thought of the night before to somehow get answers. I jotted through the activities of my normal routine for Thursday night. I grabbed a bite to eat at my usual spot, picked up some clothes from the dry cleaners, went home to watch three quarters of the game and then, I fell asleep. 
However, what was not normal became the adjustment to this size for the rest of that morning. And after the shock wore off or when I was able to push through it, I considered going to work.  Work…how am I going to explain this to my boss and coworkers? 
My thoughts shifted to my phone as I nearly called in sick but I stopped. I couldn’t call in sick because I was still new to the company and I had to make a good impression on the boss. Like calling in sick was somehow worse than coming in at what; I looked at myself in the mirror again to guesstimate my new size, at two feet shorter than the day before? This thought caused me to laugh out loud. I’ll tell everyone I just had a bad night---maybe a bad mixed drink or something. This notion let me know my sense of humor was still intact but Sonya and I do have a presentation for an important client today. I measured all the bad presentations that Sonya saved me from and would count this one as no different. 
The smile on my face vanished at this thought. Today is not the kind of day a person misses over something as minor as…my thoughts trailed off. Beads of sweat were beginning to form on my brow. The next problem occurred to me when I remembered that my clothes for work probably weren’t going to fit either. I walked to the closet and scanned my options. With a little help from some scissors, I could make a pair of my pants shorter in length but this wouldn’t be accepted by my boss; Mr. Davis, if he noticed the tattered ends of my trousers. Experience told me he probably would notice so a trip to the clothing store before work was necessary. 
I will have to buy an entirely new outfit---shoes too. This would make me late for work but it was better than the alternative which sounded like, ‘Hey in addition to showing up for work and appearing shorter, I’m wearing clothes that look completely ridiculous on me.’ The mockery from my coworkers would never end. They’d probably ridicule anyway but I had to at least take charge of the things I could control. My thoughts shifted to my work friends, of course Miles and Sonya wouldn’t take part in the teasing but this consolation paled to the anticipated laughter from the others that now danced in my head.  
I had till ten o’ clock, being the absolute earliest the clients would arrive. “I could get my usual morning routine finished, with the addition of a trip to the store before ten,” I thought. It was already 8:30. I picked up the phone to call Sonya. I need to give her a heads up that I might be running late today. After three rings, there was no answer. Oh forget it, I’m running late already. I tossed my phone toward my briefcase. No coffee and breakfast today. This was actually the one piece of my morning routine that I could make up later at the lunch room vending machine. I just needed something to sit in my stomach till lunch---which would be late because of the meeting this morning. Not going to sacrifice my lunch date or rather pre-date to the actual evening date I have with Stacy tonight. This hit me like an express train directly on the forehead. “Oh no---Stacy and I have a date tonight. Man, this isn’t good.” 
Ok, so Stacy is 5’10” without heals and I am probably four feet and two inches with them. I wondered if she’d still go out with me tonight or be completely weirded out by this transformation. This thought depressed me while I made my sack lunch for work. 
I pondered; “Why did this have to happen to me and why today, of all days?” 
I wasted more time climbing and reaching for items in my cupboards. When the task of making my sack lunch was complete, I rushed out the door. 
“I‘ll just run to the station to make the 9:15,” so I thought.   
This proved to be a miscalculation on my part too. My new shorter legs didn’t cover ground as fast as the longer strides I had been used to. Plus, the alterations I had made to my pants didn’t account for the extra room around my waist; so while one arm was pumping like an Olympic sprinter toward the finish line, the other was stiff and desperately trying to hold my pants up. Hobbled by this movement; this started a chain of events and then sent the entirety of the pants directly to my ankles causing me to fall a few times as the motion of this run was too awkward. Finally, my hand got tired and just stopped holding the altered britches. Man this is frustrating. The extra room in the shoes didn’t help either. 
By the time I made it to the train station I was sweaty and somewhat dirty from the missteps and the puddle splashes I encountered on my way there. If there was any question of needing new clothes before work, those questions were now answered. I have to get to the store before work because these clothes make me look like some hobo hobbit from Middle-earth and the newest problem of the day was I missed my train to the city. I would have to sit and wait for fifteen minutes till the next one arrived. This was not a good start to my day. 

The 9:30 train rolled into the station. I was one of the first to stand on the platform among the group of travelers yet I still had to fight my way forward to get on board before the doors shut and the engine moved. I pushed through the doors to an already crowded car. There was not a seat open so I would be standing for this trip. I looked for anything to grab onto since the handle bars above the seats were too high for me to hold. I spotted a pole in the middle of the car that had five hands on it, including a little girl’s at the bottom. The wide-eyed girl looked like she was eight or nine. She stared intensely at me, sort of looking like she wanted to ask me a question but thought better of it and just bit her lip. The entire ten minutes it took to get down town on that train, her gaze was fixed on me. I was beginning to feel uncomfortable and somewhat self-conscious. I checked my ankles to make sure that my pants weren’t around them and almost asked her---‘what is it? Is there something dangling from my nose?’ 
When I got to my stop, I was curious about what she wanted to ask me or not ask me. If I didn’t get off and continued to travel where she was going, maybe perhaps to the next stop, would she have worked up enough nerve to ask me what she was so interested in? We were on the same eye level and I couldn’t have appeared intimidating to her. But then it dawned on me how strange I must have looked to her. She might have never seen a person of my size and age before today. In her young mind, could she have thought I was a peculiar seven or eight year old child? This reflection made me think of Stacy again. If Stacy went through with tonight’s date, would she recommend a tasteful four-star restaurant and dancing at one of the clubs in the city? No; she’ll suggest a place that people of my size and fifteen years younger eat at like Zippy’s Clown Pizza and Arcade. Come on Baxter---that is just stupid thinking. 
I rushed up the stairs to get on Main Street, which was at the heart of downtown. Fortunately, there was an abundance of shops and stores a block or two from my building. I walked into the first one I saw and immediately pressed forward to the men’s clothing section. I searched for the shortest pair of trousers in the store but I soon found out that they didn’t carry anything in my new and smaller size. Furthermore, when I questioned the store clerk about it, she told me the closest place she knew of that carried any clothing in my size was at KB Kid Clothing store that was five blocks away. 
“They don’t open until 10:30 though,” the woman said apologetically. 
My shoulders shrunk toward the floor even further at this news. I thanked her and walked out of the store. 
I’ve gotta get to that store no matter what the distance is. I’m just going to be later than planned but Sonya could handle this meeting till I got there with my material for the presentation. 
“THE MATERIAL,”I said while slapping a palm over my forehead. Oh man…how could I be such an absent minded idiot?  
I knew how though. In my rush to get out the door while dealing with the confusion of waking up shorter, I left my apartment and mistakenly forgot my briefcase with all the client material I’d prepared. Most of it was a power point presentation on a memory stick but there were some printed pages for the clients to look at that had more in depth analysis of their company’s marketing strategy that I had worked up for the presentation. My brain began to race with thoughts of how this would look to the boss. He is going to fire me on the spot if I don’t handle this client’s presentation with professionalism. I already had a history with the boss not pleased with me and how I presented myself for meetings. I could wing it but I knew this was a risky strategy. And already being late, I was really counting on these spectacular sheets with graphs and numbers that I worked up, hoping they added to the presentation and hoping to smooth things over for my delayed arrival. Also, the lunch that I worked so hard to make this morning was in that briefcase too. What a waste of time. I’ll be in it up to here if I don’t get this account. 
The wind was beginning to pick up and the cold air just shot through my loose clothes and gave my body a chill. I saw a coffee shop and the temptation to warm my body up with a cup of coffee was too great. Besides, I still had fifteen minutes till the kid’s place opened and I had skipped my usual cup; usually two, this morning. I needed something to go right this morning and coffee is as right as it gets on a cold day like today. I also reasoned that my focus would be better the rest of the day too. 
I moved quickly through the door and into the small coffee store. The aroma immediately held my senses captivate. I waited in line behind two people as I scanned the menu for flavors, sizes and prices. The first person ahead of me was a full-bodied woman in her mid to late fifties. She was taking her time to study the menu and then turned briefly to spot a booth, or that’s what it seemed like. She had big red cheeks from the blustery wind or perhaps it was a healthy application of rouge. At any rate, it made her appear intimidating and mean.    
Finally, with a strong southern accent that sounded strangely familiar to me; she said, “I want a triple chocolate latte, with soy milk and could you Grande size that for me honey?” 
“We don’t serve any of our lattes with soy milk,” the young male barista behind the counter said.
 “Say that again. Did I hear you say that y’all don’t serve your lattes with soy milk?” 
The barista shook his head, “That’s right. We only use whole milk for all our lattes.” 
The lady looked a little miffed at this and then erupted, “What kind of backwards, coffee slinging shop you running here? I mean---this is the big city isn’t it? You people aren’t worth the coffee beans you grind, is that it? Why, back home in the south, there isn’t a coffee shop with lattes on the menu that don’t have soy milk as an option. Have you people ever heard of lactose intolerant folks? Do you know what whole milk would do to me young man? I’d be gassy all day long. Do you know how many elevators I’ve been in since I got to this big city and do you have even the faintest of an idea how crowded those elevators get? Do you know how much walking I’ve had to do since I got here? This is just an unacceptable oversight on the behalf of your store. I want to speak with your manager.” 
The young man rolled his eyes at the woman and exhaled heavily as if he wished he could say out loud, “It’s just a freaking cup of coffee. Order something or leave…I don’t really care;” or perhaps something ruder to the lady and laced with colorful language that might induce embarrassed grins across the cheeks of Gloucester fisherman within earshot.Tell me about it buddy, I am with you on that one. Well, I guess I’m not the only one having a bad day. 
He walked to the back and I could hear a faint knock. The lady started talking to the customer directly behind her, as if her rant had to continue despite not having an employee from the coffee shop available to hear her gripe. 
“Did you happen to hear my conversation with the coffee employee,” she turned and asked? “They don’t have soy milk for their lattes.”
At this, I decided to skip the coffee and head for the kids clothing store. I am sure all was grand when I left the coffee shop. I imagined that as soon as I walked out, the lady changed her tune and told the manager and young man that it was all a big misunderstanding. ‘I’ll take whatever is easiest on the menu to make and let me buy these two behind me their coffees for waiting so patiently and listening to me rant.’ She’d turn and point to where I had been standing but I wouldn’t be there. The bad luck left the coffee shop and all was right in the world again. I gritted my teeth and smirked at this thought. Still cold and windy out here.   

When I arrived at KB Kids Clothing Store, my first impression was that it wasn’t a clothing store but more like a toy store with a small area of kids clothing and no shoe department. That’s interesting but what was slightly more interesting was that KB Kids Clothing Store was actually called Toys and Some Items of Clothing at KB’s. I walked in and located the clothing rack at the back of the store. The boys section had a pretty good selection of shorts and t-shirts which was odd. We are in the middle of winter, why is the summer line already on display? I need slacks or even khakis but shorts and a tee-shirt won’t work outside or inside today. One of the T’s caught my eye though; it was this Incredible Hulk green color, with the words, ‘Gnarly Dude’ on the front and a surfer looking guy below it. A funny thought came to me as I realized that I actually liked this shirt. “This is something I would’ve worn ten or fifteen years ago…no, I would’ve worn it to class in college a couple of years ago and now I’m able to wear this shirt from the boy’s rack. I think I’m going to buy this shirt,” I thought while reaching for it. 
The kidult in me was excited at this discovery and showing up to work in it briefly seemed like the plan but I remembered that this was the real world and my college days were over. I’m sure my boss wouldn’t appreciate this shirt the way I do. Maybe I’ll buy it anyway to wear around the house. I wondered how long I’d be this size. Would I be back to my normal size tomorrow or was this a permanent change? If anything, I’ll buy this shirt just to remember this day, as if this day would somehow escape my memory. I found some acceptable pants and a sweater that no kid with any sense of cool would buy but my young adult brain accepted it. 
I moved toward the cash register but then something caught my attention. I walked over to the super hero isle where I found an action figure that was reintroduced to toy isles. This was due to a movie that was finally made about the action super-hero guy. I was brought back to simpler days in my life. I can’t believe they are selling these. I used to watch the cartoon and I collected all the action figures from the show. I even had a few special edition comic books that I lost in a game of marbles. I was recalling better days and forgetting I had somewhere to be. I fell back into a habit my grade school teachers tried their best to break me from. I sort of stood there and day dreamed about those action figures. I was remembering the countless cartoon episodes I watched as a kid as well as some of the Christmas and Birthday wrapping paper that I tore through, discovering the figures for the first time---and all of which still existed in a box somewhere in my parent’s attic.   
Then a voice snapped me out of the daze I was in. It was a little girl’s voice.
With one figure still in my hand, I turned around and saw the girl from the train earlier this morning. She continued with the intense gaze on me like she wanted to ask me something. 
I was ready to ask her something too but my question was answered when she finally asked me what was bothering her. 
Her lips moved and I heard her say, “Mom and I watched the ‘Wizard of Oz’ last weekend and you look like a munchkin from that movie. Are you?” 
“Am I what,” I replied. 
“A munchkin from Oz or maybe an actor in that movie,” she said with a grin.
 I could hear laughter from the next isle when she said this. Her mom probably didn’t mention how old that movie is. I wondered; “could my ego really get any more abused on the day I take out Stacy Schmitt?” She wanted to ask me this on the train and thank god she didn’t. 
I responded in a hushed but irritated voice, “No, I am not a munchkin or rather an actor from Oz.” 
The girl made a gesture as if pointing toward the action figure that I was looking at and asked, “Do munchkins play with toys?”
There was more laughter from the next isle. The girl made no effort to keep her voice down and I stood dumbfounded by the fact that this inquisitive little girl managed to completely wreck any sense of manliness I had when I left home today. 
Yeah Baxter, my confidence is going to be really up when I arrive for the meeting today. Oh yeah, my meeting. I decided at that moment to leave the action figure as well as the isle and pay for the items I had originally came in for. I walked to the checkout counter but on the way I pitched the tee-shirt I was so amped up about only a few minutes ago. The, “Gnarly Dude” feeling just wasn’t there anymore. 

 Sonya Meyers stared into her bathroom mirror; replaying in her mind the last moments spent with her son. She had done this every morning since his death. 
“Mom, I can’t find my black pony tail holder thingy. Uh, do you know where it is? I guess I’ll just have to be late for school or maybe not go.” 
Sonya rolled her eyes. “I think it’s in your backpack where you left it. You know this is forgetfulness is becoming a habit with you.” 
This memory played in Sonya’s mind when she saw the black pony tail holder she’d use that morning on the bathroom sink. Sonya was still getting used to her morning routine without her son Devon. Devon was killed in a car accident while staying with his father in California a year ago. This memory was the last morning she’d see her son as it was his final day of class before he’d get on that plane that headed for his dad’s later that evening. 
Devon had long, black hair like hers. Her side of the family had Oglala Sioux heritage but she was really more Welsh, from her dad’s side. Jet black hair was common among members of her family. Her hair was the one thing she had any vanity about but she was naturally attractive. Sonya had a great complexion and never had to worry about make-up. This attention to long and flowing hair had rubbed off on her son. 
Devon use to watch Sonya brush her hair from the time he was an infant. Devon would never pull at Sonya’s long hair; always gentle pats and rubs as if paying respect to his mama. She remembered looking at Devon as a teenager as he was putting his hair in a pony tail. She didn’t really like her son’s hair that long because it attracted the attention of too many girls but he was a good student, and he never got into any trouble. He was extra helpful around the apartment too. 
“Devon should have something in his young life that screamed rebel. All teenagers go through it. When he was fourteen he was the spitting image of me and then at fifteen the facial hair on his chin started growing sparse and wispy and he was beginning to look more like his father,” Sonya thought. 
His father, Stephen, had Devon for the summer. It had been three years since the divorce and she still had not gotten used to the idea of not being without Devon for an entire summer. It didn’t seem fair to her at all. “I caught Stephen cheating with his secretary and he somehow gets Devon during summer break.” She knew this wasn’t the right way to think about the situation but she was still so hurt and bitter about the affair that broke up her family. Since the divorce, she had found some comfort in immersing herself more into work. This went into hyper-mode after Devon’s death. 
Sonya had always been an achiever since she was a child. Her interest in sports at an early age fed this competitive spirit and it found a place in her studies as she got older. Sonya graduated valedictorian in high school and received her Master’s in Marketing: graduating summa cum laude just four years after high school. Right out of college, she landed a job at Sorenson and Lankford Marketing firm, the largest and most successful in the country. It didn’t take her long to impress the higher ups of the company as she successfully landed two of the largest accounts the company ever had in her first year. She was a natural, with big ideas and a smooth delivery to sell the potential clients. Her boss and mentor; J.D. Lankford, made her transition into the real world a manageable one and she owed some of her initial success to him. Mr. Lankford was thirty years older than Sonya and always treated her like a daughter or maybe just a prized protégé. He always acted proud of her at all times, like a vintage sports car collector showing off a 57 BMW 507 Roadster to his colleagues. The attention made Sonya nervous and excited at the same time. She loved being the center of someone’s admiration professionally. This had built a confidence in her that she didn’t know existed; even when she was honored valedictorian in high school. This taught her an important lesson about the power of believing in someone and she’d remember this with her coworkers. 
This was the reason why Sonya was guiding the young Will Baxter. The young man had creative talent that seemed comparable to hers but he was green to the highly competitive world of selling big ideas. Baxter’s confidence was nowhere near Sonya’s when she had left school and began a career at Sorenson & Lankford and Sonya was two years younger when she started. Mostly though, Baxter just didn’t know what he needed to know. 
A couple of times Sonya kept William from getting fired or at least looking bad in front of the boss. Helping William out sort of came natural to her though. While she was impressed with his potential as a marketing strategist, he kind of reminded her of Devon. After all, William was just 8 years older than her son when he had passed. She felt a certain motherly instinct toward William or at the very least, what an older sibling might feel for the youngest in the family. 
When Baxter first started, he had this nasty habit of not checking his teeth after lunch to which his food would sometimes stay stuck between his teeth for the rest of the work day. Sonya told him about it a few times thinking it would do the trick but Baxter never learned. Then one day, when the bosses from upstairs were present, William finished a meeting with some clients. He smiled a toothy grin, with spinach salad stuck in his teeth as he gave his closing comments. Sonya felt embarrassed for William but she did warn him on several occasions. 
Then he’d sometimes show up to meetings wearing a shirt that was badly wrinkled. Again, Sonya felt awful for William and just considered it as the thoughtless youth of the day. This made Sonya laughed to herself; something she hadn’t done since before Devon’s passing. However, it was so distracting to the boss that he pointed it out to William in the middle of a clients meeting. 
“Baxter, aren’t we paying you enough to buy an ironing board and iron for your shirts to be more presentable?” 
This got a laugh out of the clients who were probably thinking the same thing as a noticeable redness color took to William’s face. The boss told him if he ever showed up for a meeting looking like that again, he shouldn’t bother coming into work anymore.  
“Poor, young William has a lot to learn,” Sonya thought. This absent mindedness to detail always made Sonya think of her son’s forgetfulness. It made work feel like home when she was around Baxter. After the wrinkled shirt incident, she made it her goal to mentor him until he got the hang of showing an aptitude for presentation.  
Today was Friday, which meant she’d be driving the Maserati to work and after work head three hours north to her cabin in Buchanan. Sonya coped with her summer weekends without Devon after the divorce by purchasing a little cabin. Devon was twelve when she got it and thought he’d enjoy fishing in the spring. The cabin was now a distraction for a couple of days while she was not working, which really meant a new place to do work, but it was a different kind of work. Activities like chopping fire wood or planting and caring for flowers in the spring, things like that. 
It was of course an ideal place for the creative mind to get busy too. Now that Baxter was in the mix, she didn’t feel like she had to work so hard at creating ideas for clients. In addition to being Baxter’s mentor, she was more of a senior consultant now or rather just a consultant with some valuable experience. 
She now focused her attention on helping with the presentations and acting chummy with the clients and potential investors.  Sonya still enjoyed creating though and this cabin in the woods seemed to spark that even more. As Sonya headed to the parking garage, she heard her phone ring. When she finally dug her phone out of the bottom of her purse it stopped ringing. The display screen read Baxter’s name and number. 
Sonya was hoping everything was okay with the material for the presentation. She tried to call him back but no service. Sonya suddenly had the strange feeling that something about today was different. She dismissed this notion and thought maybe William had some last minute changes to the presentation he wanted to discuss before they got to the office. With this, she headed out to her usual Friday commute to work in the Maserati. 

Chapter 2

The Sorenson and Lankford building was in view at 11:15. On the way to work, I went back to the coffee shop from earlier that morning but only to change into my new outfit in their restroom. The guy behind the counter from earlier was still there but didn’t look up when I walked in. The shop wasn’t busy and I probably could’ve bought a cup quickly but my mind was on other things. 
The wind picked up a bit as I walked toward the skyscraper. I walked through the glass doors and stepped into the building and toward security check in. It was Shaw’s turn to work the lobby. Thank God something went right today. The other guy, Libby, was kind of a jerk and would probably have stopped me, then hold a hand just above my head and say something like; ‘Nope, must be at least this tall to enter the building,’ before laughing like he just said the funniest thing in the world. Shaw was a nice enough guy but was really too clueless to have a job working security. He never even looked up from his morning paper as I swiped my card to get through or maybe he did and just didn’t see me as I walked by. 
I walked into the elevator. I was going up to the 33rd floor so I jumped to barely push the button. At that moment, nerves kicked in, my heart began to race and I was physically shaking a little. This feels like my first day at work. The thought occurred to me that maybe this was a bad idea. No, there was not a doubt in my mind that it was a bad idea but not showing up today was an even worse idea. The doors opened to my floor. Here we go Baxter. I put one foot out into the hallway from the elevator, like I was checking a swimming pool to feel if the water was warm enough to get in and then I peered around the corner. I saw Miles down the hall. His back was turned to me but it looked like he was talking to Jen; another computer programmer in the building. I walked slowly down the hall and could hear voices in soft, almost muted tones. Some people on the phone and others talking to coworkers in the office but it was my boss’s voice that came out clearer and louder over all of them. 
“Baxter,” I turned around to see no one down the hallway and then I heard Mr. Davis say, “He’s late and we’ve got clients waiting in the conference room. Where is he?”
 I could now hear Sonya saying something. I leaned against the wall to brace myself. 
“He called my phone this morning around 8:30 but when I tried to call back later, no answer.” 
There would be no answer. I left my cell phone in my briefcase along with everything else I needed today.
 “You know, I didn’t like that kid from the first time I saw him. I don’t know why this company hires these know nothing kids out of college and sends them to me.”
 The boss really sounded agitated today. 
“I think Krause in HR does it to aggravate me for having graduated from my alum and his hated football rivalry.” 
I imagined Sonya rolling her eyes at this remark. I then backed away and darted quickly for the bathroom in the hallway. Whew, I don’t think anyone saw me. I looked at myself in the mirror and realized it was ridiculous to try and work today. I had a real problem going on here and I needed help. No, today was not a work day but a sick day. Possibly a day for going to the doctor, but that much I hadn’t decided. I knew I had to get out of the building without being seen and when I get home, call Sonya back and tell her I’m sick today. That’s why I didn’t show up for work. That now sounded better than strolling in two and a half hours late and two feet shorter to boot. I would just have to deal with the boss’s wrath on Monday. As for him not liking me, maybe he’d like me more on Monday when I pitched him some of my best ideas for the Callahan account. I’m sure Sonya would do fine today without me but the Callahan account was a big one that meant my career in marketing. I could tell the boss while I was sick this weekend, I worked extra hard on this account to insure its success. 
I saw the door to the hallway open and quickly dove into one of the stalls. That was close. I looked under the stall at the feet to see if I recognized the shoes, something I’d almost always done since I was a kid. They were a large pair of feet, larger than my usual size thirteen. I didn’t recognize the shoes either. Who’d wear sneakers to work at this time of day? Surely the cleaning crew would be gone by now. But I could see the pants, at least partially, and they were slacks. Well, whoever this guy is, he better not let the boss see him with those shoes on. It was Friday but our office didn’t participate in a casual day once a week. No, it was strictly business attire for the entire office, Monday thru Friday. A second glance at the shoes and I noticed strange writing on the back of the shoe. Huh, I can’t say I’ve seen that brand before but didn’t think much more on this and waited for the guy to leave the bathroom before I made my stealthy departure from the floor and then the building. 
The door opened to the hallway and I stepped out of the stall I’d been hiding in. I waited a few moments before I opened the door to the hallway. It’s clear. I ran across the hallway and pushed the button to the elevator. I thought about going down the fire escape doors, worried that if I waited in the hall too long, someone might spot me; however, a stroke of luck hit and the doors to the elevator opened immediately. I ducked in quickly and began pushing the doors close button feverishly, sweating at the thought of someone from the office jumping in the elevator at the last second. The doors shut and the elevator made its descent to the ground floor. Wow, I just averted disaster. What was I thinking this morning when I left the house today? My brain must have shrunk with the rest of my body. This thought, of course made me laugh and breath out a sigh of relief. 
That moment quickly ended when the elevator stopped. Darkness and silence filled the small space. “Great,” I said with disgust. “My luck just ran out.” Was the power just out or was it something more serious? Could it be a fire? I imagined burning up in this elevator or worse; being rescued by a firefighter and unconscious from smoke inhalation I’m carried out like a baby in front of my coworkers, in front of Stacy. I’d rather stay in the building and die than be embarrassed like that. 
Baxter, you idiot: it’s probably just an outage and will take just a few moments to fix. Then, as quickly as I imagined worst case scenario, the lights and the music came on and the elevator began moving again. It continued its descent for a few floors until it stopped for a second time. 
Geez, what’s going on around here? 
This stop, however, was paired with the doors opening but the lights and music were still on. This isn’t the ground floor already. I looked up and it was the 17th. No one came into the elevator and so I began to push the close door button again. The doors wouldn’t shut. I peeked out into the hallway. The lights to this floor were out except for an unusually bright light coming from an office down the hall. I left the elevator and headed in the opposite direction of the light toward the fire escape stairs. 
At least I’m going down---the thick metal door was locked to the stairway---or not. 
I turned around and looked at the light in the hallway. I was mesmerized by its glow in the midst of this dark hallway. It didn’t have the usual florescent glow in the office rooms but rather a natural light that reminded me of mid- afternoon at the ballpark or on a picnic at the lake. It looked out of place in this building so I called out, “hello---is anyone there?” 
No answer. I walked toward the light. My eyes began to adjust to the dim lighting in the hall and I looked down to notice that there was mud on the carpet. No, this wasn’t carpet but more like--- thick moss. My oversized shoes began to sink slightly as I headed toward the light. The floor seemed to be pulling the shoes off of my feet. I stood there a moment and called out again, this time only twenty feet from the lit office. “Is anybody here?” 
Then, a voice came from the room that sounded like children speaking in unison, “We’ve been expecting you Baxter.” 
I froze and a chill ran down from my ears to the middle of my back. I stood there, not knowing what to do next. I turned my torso around and could see everything behind me changing. Out of the walls, shrubs and vines were taking shape. The floor began to look like it was being taken over by roots, plants and tall thick grass. As if I hadn’t seen enough today, I was witnessing something impossible. My eyes and brain should have grown accustom to this after the morning I had but I rubbed my eyes and looked harder at this sight. Then plants and grass around me sprouted out of the floor and continued a course toward the lit room. Now, only a path to the room was visible. Was I still in the building? 
I looked around and the surroundings suggested that I was outside somewhere. I tried to step forward toward the lit room but mud and roots captured my shoes. I was stuck. The voice or voices called out again. 
“Come forward Baxter.” 
“I uh I can’t,” saying this as I looked toward my feet. 
The children’s voices said this again almost taunting in tone, “come forward Bax…Terrr.” 
I easily slipped out of my shoes and stepped on the newly formed path lay for me. This took some guts on my part or just plain stupidity but I actually walked into the room where the voices called to me. At first, my eyes were not accustomed to such light. It was as if I was standing in the street before being hit by a semi-truck at night. I raised an arm over the brow to shield my eyes, hoping to see what was ahead but it was done in vain. I simply closed my eyes and stepped cautiously forward, measuring every step as if it was my last. I knew there were answers for my morning transformation up ahead and I was all too eager to find them out.
 Curiosity burned in me and I could hear the voice say; “Yes, closer; come closer.” 
Without hesitation, I continued walking. The light seemed to be pulling me in now. Then I was grabbed by the arm and felt myself being dragged by a force stronger than I back toward the hallway. It happened so fast that I didn’t have time to fight or even object to the force that took me back into the hallway. My eyes were still blinded by those bright lights and I could barely see a hand in my face if one was there. I felt as though I was being carried away on someone’s shoulder like a big sack of potatoes. The person carrying me was running at a great speed. There were bone chilling screams behind us now. I still couldn’t see but realized we were in the fire escape stairwell heading up. I could make out some objects as my sight began to come back. Definitely stairs and the person carrying me must be a giant as the stairs looked so far away as we traveled up. What happened back there? Why was I not out of the building and back at home like I had planned? 
I caught a glimpse of something as my eyes began to adjust back to normal. It suddenly occurred to be the person carrying me was the one with the big feet in the bathroom. Those shoes were unmistaken. 
My transporter to who knows where began to speak softly but in a deep voice, “we are almost there.” 
“Wait a minute, I protested, who are you?” 
“There is no time to explain now but I will tell you everything soon. Right now you are in great danger and we must get to the top of this building.” 
No sooner did he say this and the door that led to the roof opened and we were outside. A loud noise that sounded like several helicopters filled the air. I looked in the direction the sound was coming from and can only describe what I saw resembling an aircraft of some sort; although, it was not an aircraft I was familiar with. For starters, the outside of it resembled a series of mirrors and metal that matched the sky in color. It was clearly built for stealth travel but it was crafted in a manner making it beautiful to look at. There were three wings on each side of the craft shaped like crescent moons. The edges were sharp like blades and the body of the ship was two half circles with an opening down the middle. This was where the stranger and I were headed. When we arrived to the ship, he strapped me into a seat on one side of the craft. 
At this moment I got a good look at the person that had carried me up the stairs and who now, strapped me tightly into this seat. It was Miles or a somewhat larger version of Miles. I had known Miles to be into weight training but he seemed to have tripled in size. His head was huge and he was taller, like a foot taller than the Miles I’d known in the office. I sat in shock and my mind went into some kind of recall mode, remembering conversations I had with him in the last year. He seemed like a normal guy; well, not really that normal, but certainly nothing close to this. Who is this guy? 
I began to verbalize this thought or question when he looked at me and spoke; as if reading my mind, “I’ll tell you everything on our trip back.” 
“Back, back to where, where are we going?” 
A smile came across the face of Miles but I just had to sit back, resigning to his wishes and wait to discuss everything later. I remembered what he said about being in danger and eased into a better sense of agreement that we should at least leave this building. The thought began to creep in the twisted corners of my brain that this ship was not of this world and maybe Miles wasn’t either. This thought made me uneasy so I just blocked it from my thoughts and awaited the lift off in this high tech flying machine. When the two halves shut, I was sitting next to Miles but he paid no attention to me as he began what appeared to be his take off routine. 
A series of green dots appeared against a silver backdrop and Miles touched just one of these dots to the far left of the background. Then a series of lines showed which looked like a jumbled mess of crosses and upside down T’s with a few tilted and backward E’s. At this, a static noise or scratching sound came out of each line. Then, the same noise came out of Miles mouth. 
“Uh, that’s interesting. Am I still in danger here?”  
 “You’re going to be alright Baxter,” Miles said in soft tone. 
His voice had a crackle to it though, like it was sore from coughing or something. Then we lifted off the roof and straight up into the sky. The lift off immediately reminded me of my favorite tower ride at the theme park back home. It was called the Rocket and this ride would shoot you while strapped in a seat 207 feet into the air and stop at the top. The real thrill would come ten or fifteen seconds later when the seat would just drop back to the ground. It was not a good ride for the faint of heart or the full of stomach. 
Miles turned a knob and cool air began to hit my face. The air calmed my nerves; albeit, my thoughts were really stunted by the sights of flying into the Earth’s atmosphere. I had seen these images on television and movies---this was really happening though. What I couldn’t get over was the enormity of the blue planet. We pulled through the atmosphere and into outer space. My impression of the Earth’s size quickly paled as the vastness of space came into view through the glass panels. Miles shut off the main thrusters and the space ship steadied. Then a quieter set of smaller rocket thrusters was activated and everything in front of me appeared in flashes as we sped beyond the now blue dot. It was finally on this setting that Miles pulled out a music storage device and started one of his playlists. Heavy rock music came out of the mp3 player. 
Miles breathed out a lungful of air before saying, “One thing I’m going to miss about Earth is its music.”
 At this, my face took on a vacant stare and the only sound I could manage was, “huh?” 
Miles continued, “Well; when we get to ALVERON, I will have to include this mp3 player with the rest of the items I’ve collected from my stay at your planet.” 
I was still mystified but I was trying to follow along, “items you’ve collected?” 
“Yeah, for the scientists to study---they have been interested in your planet for thousands of years. Your people have so much creativity.”
“Uh…Miles: where exactly are we going?” 
“We are headed to the LOMMETRUS GALAXY. We’ll have a stay at ALVERON for a few days and then we head home to STONIA. Interesting---wouldn’t you say?” 
Interesting to say the least---I was mostly disoriented from today’s strange events. My mind hadn’t completely wrapped itself around the situation I was in. I felt like a mooncalf at some rocket scientist’s convention and I was having the dilemma of keeping up with the conversations going on around me. I was completely out of my realm; literally and figuratively, so I started to ask questions that would continue for the entirety of the trip. 
“Miles; lets back up a minute and start from the beginning, when I met you a year ago you told me that you are a computer programmer.” 
Miles nodded his head at this while adjusting something under his seat and said, “Yeah that’s right, I’m a computer programmer. I program computers for a living.” 
I sat there and waited a minute to see if he’d take any initiative---continue with an explanation of how we got here and do it without the prompting of my questions. 
“Right then…okay so…you’ve been working as a computer programmer at the Sorenson and Lankford building for the past year because….?” 
“To keep an eye on you of course,” Miles said this nonchalantly. 
“Of course, keep an eye on me…but wait…now that begs this question. Why would you need to keep an eye on me?” 
At this question, Miles decided to respond with real depth. “Look, let’s start from the actual beginning. You and everyone I met on Earth, knows me as Miles but my real name; that is to say, my name on STONIA is KEETCHA. I am from the LOMMETRUS GALAXY which consists of twelve planets; each with its own star that it revolves around, like Earth does with the sun. Only four of these planets are considered major planets while the other eight are minor planets. This has some significance but I will explain that later. I am from one of these major planets---the planet STONIA. My job on STONIA was similar to your planets astronauts but our technology is so much further advanced; we require further skills and demand quite a bit more from the STONIAN space traveler. I am one of only a few on STONIA that could’ve even accepted this mission.” 
“But why would you travel all this way to keep an eye on me and who’s responsible for shrinking me?” 
Miles put his hand up and said; “Wait, I’m getting to that.” 
Miles could see all of this was overwhelming to me and wanted to make every detail of this as easy to understand for me. This made every sentence from Miles sound smooth and measured. I wondered if this was one of the extra skills he had talked about. 
Miles continued, “we STONIAN’s are a sensitive people and respect life on all planets. There is a delicate balance between scientific research and not interfering with a planet’s natural evolution of development. I arrived on your planet three years ago. The first couple of years were an observation period; basic stuff really, what was pleasant to eat, animal and plant types and their habitats. I then moved to the city and I got into observing human behavior; how to act in certain situations, language and specific things about the various cultures all over Earth. Humans and STONIANS have a lot of similarities but I was amazed at the diversity among humans that make each person unique. This was common among the various planets in the LOMMETRUS GALAXY but certainly not for one planet. This struck me as important and I sent a message to the ALVERON council about this discovery. I waited nearly six months to receive word from the ALVERON’S about what I found then heard a knock at my door late one evening. A WOCOTIAN uh….Miles was thinking of a word that I’d understand to describe this machine---droid was standing there and delivered this message.” 
URGENT, your mission is to find a young man by the name of William Baxter, who will graduate from his University in a few months and start a job at Sorenson and Lankford Marketing firm just two months later. GET employment from this marketing firm immediately and wait for Baxter to arrive. When he does: look after him and keep an observant eye on this young man. The NOBIANS are planning something for him and we need him more than they need him. Remember; keep your eyes and ears open until further instruction. Destroy the WOCOTIAN droid when you are done reading this message.
-The High Council of ALVERON   
“So you’ve been spying on me?” 
“Not spying, observing and today protecting.” 
“Protecting from these NOBIANS?” 
“Yes. They are a wicked species and you would not have had any chance of coming back to Earth or staying alive if they had taken you. They are not respecters of other planets or life. You would have been kept alive only for observation and when they no longer needed you---you would be destroyed.” 
“You mean like the WOCOTIAN droid you destroyed?” 
Miles corrected me on this point; “No, No, No---they’re not permanently destroyed. It’s more like being recycled or that’s what it’s called on your planet but that’s not a word we use on STONIA. Anyway, I just push a button on the droid and it disappears.” 
“Disappears?”
 “It goes back to the WOCO planet or rather its moon for rebuild and reassignment.”
 “We’ll I’m glad that’s cleared up---so then: why me? I mean there are seven billion people on the planet.” 
Miles interrupted, “actually, as of a minute ago, the population reached 7,003,507,003;” saying this while checking a hand held device. 
A modest amount of annoyance gushed in me at this as I responded, “OK, thank you for that exact amount---now; can you please tell me why I was chosen?” 
“You’re not going to like this William but no---I’m afraid I can’t tell you that---at least not now.” 
“Why not;” I said with more irritation in my voice? 
 “Look Baxter, you’re a good guy, actually a pretty normal guy, maybe exceptional in some areas, for a human being of course.” 
I started to scratch my head and felt dazed as Miles was talking.
 “The council has its reasons for choosing you; maybe just for the simple fact that the NOBIANS want you, we won’t know for sure until we reach ALVERON.”
 The conversation reached a point of silence at this while I was still processing what I’d been told by Miles. As a boy, I read books about aliens and abductions but just thought those stories were made up, stuff for science fiction, not real life, not for William Baxter. I started to think about my life, my parents and friends. I thought about my apartment and the cool life I was beginning to build now that I had started working for Sorenson and Lankford. That was my dream job and now I will probably never work in that city again. 
Remembering some of the day’s earlier events; and what a day it was, I kept coming back to the words my boss said about me. ‘I never liked that kid.’ Why? What did I ever do to make the boss not like me? Before today, I always showed up for work on time and I never missed a day. Was this some kind of intolerance toward young workers on Mr. Davis’s part? Sonya didn’t seem to argue much with that statement either. Did she feel that way too? Was our friendship or at least great work relationship not real? These thoughts saddened me. I had grown to admire her so much. I wanted to have the career she had and everything seemed to fall in line with that dream. My parents were the only adults that I had leaned on for development but now I was working and had someone like Sonya Meyers depending on me and asking me about my ideas. I was learning a lot from Sonya. Miles started talking again and this snapped me out of these thoughts. 
Miles asked, “Would you like to know why you woke up two feet shorter this morning,” asking the obvious while handing me a pair of sneakers that fit my new foot size. 
The thought did occur to me at some point this morning. 
“Sure, that might be a good place to start back up the conversation we were having,” I said. 
Miles pulled out a small vial with an aqua color liquid in it. The liquid moved around the vial which gave it an added florescent quality. 
“This stuff is the reason you are quite a bit shorter than you were yesterday. It takes twelve to fifteen hours to be fully effective, which is why I gave it to you just before you left for work yesterday.” 
“What did you say? Did you say that you’re responsible for this?” 
“The shrinking serum takes several hours to be effective so I poured some in your drink yesterday when you left your desk to go to the restroom. You probably didn’t notice it in your drink because it has no flavor. Those scientists on ALVERON are really thoughtful.” 
I smiled and nodded my head in a half-hearted agreement at this extra detail Miles included but this was only to disguise my real feelings of curiosity and uneasiness. Miles poisoned me. 
He looked at the vial with admiration and said, “I’m not sure I could have gotten you out so quickly if it wasn’t for this stuff.” 
He then unscrewed the small lid and drank the entirety of the vial.

CHAPTER 3

Sonya checked her watch. It was noon and no Baxter. Mr. Davis; the boss, had stalled long enough and now she had to deliver a presentation to the clients with or without Baxter. 
Sonya let her hair down before she walked into the conference room and began speaking immediately when entering, “Gentlemen, at Sorenson and Lankford, we specialize our services for you; the investors. Now there are many approaches to marketing a product and idea but I hope our attention to customize your advertising needs specific to your audience/customers is why you make the right choice to trust Sorenson and Lankford with your marketing.” 
Sonya was a little unprepared for this as she gave everything to Baxter on this account but she opened it up for questions and within an hour to an hour and a half, Sonya had their account. This wouldn’t do much for Baxter’s image and what Mr. Davis thought of him but she had to do her job. At two o’clock, Sonya finally had a chance to eat her lunch. She’d have to make it a quick one today; with Baxter gone, she would have plenty of work left today and wanted to get a head start on traffic to reach the cabin at a decent hour. She thought about the cabin as she put her lunch in the microwave. She loved the quiet and peace this cabin gave her. Of course she had neighbors; Buchanan was populated with cabins like hers, but it was still remote enough for her. She had made plenty of money during her career with the company and the job was beginning to feel less exciting to her. The possibilities at the cabin were endless. She always wanted to write a novel but never had the time or focus to take it on. This was a passion that had quietly been burning in her for years and now she had the means to pursue it wholeheartedly. 
The aroma of her pasta dish began to fill the break room. The turntable was still spinning when she turned around and saw Stacy Schmitt staring at her. For a brief second, Sonya saw a strange look on Stacy’s face: like anger. Quickly this was changed as Sonya searched her face for an explanation. 
Stacy started talking, “Miss Meyers, have you seen William today?” 
Now, with a more quizzical look on Stacy’s face Sonya responded, “I’ve been looking for him too; we had a meeting with clients today, is everything OK Stacy?” 
The buzzer for the microwave went off.
 “Everything is fine I just had a question on an account he closed earlier this month that accounting wanted me to have him look at.” 
Sonya nodded at this; “I would be happy to look at it since William is not here today.” 
Sonya never noticed it before but Stacy’s eyes looked black, like an extremely large dilated pupil black. 
“Are you sure everything is alright Stacy?”
Stacy responded, “I’m fine: I’ll just show it to him on Monday. It can wait.” 
With this, Stacy bolted out the door. 
Sonya started to eat. Stacy’s face and eyes kept flashing in Sonya’s head. That look on her face when Sonya turned around, it was creepy. She didn’t really know Stacy yet; William likes her though, as does Miles, the computer guy. The thought of Miles made her smile. Now Miles was someone she could see herself dating. He has the friendliest way about him; God only knows why he chose to work in computers, with his personality and ease with people, he should have chosen sales or even marketing. The only thing with Miles was she could never really get more than five minutes at a time with him to get into personal stuff or at least light conversation about non work related topics. This was mostly her fault though as she kept a busy schedule in the office. No, I’m sure the opportunity will eventually present itself. For now, she was focused on finishing up her day’s work and getting ahead of the drive home rush hour traffic.

The night air felt good to Sonya as she approached her cabin. She smelled wood burning in a fireplace nearby. Her cabin looked deserted but only for another hour or so. Sonya would quickly put life into the log home after she built her own fire. Tonight was the first time she had been here in over a month. The holiday season had kept her busy with end of the year meetings and paperwork. She walked into the cabin and headed straight for the fireplace. As she was gathering wood and setting it into the fireplace, she thought about Devon and his first impression of the cabin. 
‘Mom, this place is an absolute dump.’ 
Those words bit at her. She had come up the weekend before to clean up and prepare the place for Devon’s first night staying in the cabin. Still, the cabin had come a long way since then. 
As the fire blazed, Sonya realized her son never really warmed up to the place since that first day. She remembered her thoughts about retiring here earlier that day in the break room and it made her sad. The firelight flickered in her eyes as she thought about this more. A growl from her stomach told her it was time to eat something soon. She went to the kitchen where she put water in a pot to boil and snacked on some crackers while she waited for her tea to be ready. She needed to get her mind off of Devon. 
The only other thing that kept popping in her head was Stacy Schmitt. It wasn’t the pleasant handful of other images she had of her but the one she saw as she turned around in the break room earlier that day. That glimpse of something else in Stacy made her uneasy all day and she just couldn’t shake it. Chills went down Sonya’s back and she started hearing every noise and even noises that weren’t present. The lonely old cabin was playing tricks on Sonya. 
After eating her dinner and drinking her tea, she curled up on the couch with a heavy comforter over her and started reading the newest detective novel by Sprig Saunders. She was asleep within ten minutes after picking up the book. 
When she woke, the fire was out and the cabin was freezing. It was still dark outside. Sonya looked at her watch---3:17. Sonya moved to get another fire going. Sonya looked down by the fireplace and realized she hadn’t gathered any wood from the shed last night on her way in. With her comforter blanket clinched to her, she grabbed a flashlight and went outside. The rickety shed was twenty feet behind the cabin. The night air was ice cold and silent. The flashlight began to flicker a bit then a solid and true beam came from its lens and shone on the shed. The door was cracked a little. She opened it all the way and the creaking noise made from the door cut through the silence of the woods. 
Sonya gathered some suitable pieces for her next fire when she heard a noise. It was a sound that didn’t belong during this time of the night but it was unmistakable. There was a car running and it sounded like it was right in front of her cabin. For a minute, Sonya felt paralyzed with fear. She looked at one of the bigger pieces of wood she had gathered and clung to it while dropping the rest. While creeping next to the cabin and making her way inconspicuously to the front she heard the faint sound of music. It sounded like it was coming from inside the car. 
Sonya stood still for a minute longer before continuing toward the front of the cabin. She reached the corner facing the front and peaked around it to see that her car was running and there was a person inside it. The wind began to pick up a little but Sonya dropped the comforter at this new sight. She clinched the wood with both hands now and approached the car. The dome light to the car was on and she could see a big mess of blond hair and what looked like a white feminine night gown the stranger was wearing. As she got closer, Sonya took notice of the person’s gaunt, ghostly white arms that connected to hands with ten long bony fingers on her Maserati’s steering wheel. The figure was a woman’s inside her car. The blob of blond hair covered the face that was looking down and resting on the steering wheel. The engine was running but the music could now be heard over everything as Sonya stepped only ten feet from her car. She hesitated and then quickly approached the driver side door where her hand met the window with a couple of forceful knocks. 
“Excuse me, Ma’am, is everything OK? Look, if you need a ride somewhere I can take you. How did you get my ke..;” the woman looked up as Sonya was saying keys. 
It was Stacy. Sonya reached for the handle and tried to open the door but it was locked. 
“What are you doing here Stacy,” Sonya asked while trying to be heard over the music? 
Sonya began beating on the window again but Stacy looked preoccupied with something near the instrument panel of the vehicle. Then Stacy looked around till she seemed to have spotted something on the door. The window came down. The music was still playing; probably waking up everything within a few miles of the cabin. Sonya ducked into the car and turned the ignition off, securing her only set of keys and all was silent again. 
Stacy broke the silence saying, “I’m sorry Miss Meyers, I’ve never been in a car before and I thought I’d get into yours before I go back home. You have a really nice car. I bet it’s fast…for a car of course.” 
Sonya stared at Stacy like she was insane. In fact, this is exactly what Sonya thought and slowly backed away from the car. 
“Stacy, I need you to get out of the car and explain to me what this is all about.” 
Stacy looked confused, looking up as if she was considering something and then got out of the car. 
“Miss Meyers, please don’t be mad at me but I had to see you; please, I can explain everything but I need you to drive me back to the city.” 
Sonya could see that Stacy looked scared. It was a far different impression than the one she gave for that brief second yesterday. Sonya still thought she was creepy but thought about her pistol inside the cabin if there was any trouble and besides; she was getting cold out here. 
“OK Stacy, let’s go inside first to warm up and change clothes. Are you hungry?” 
“Oh no, I don’t want to trouble you.” 
“How about some coffee; I was just getting ready to build a fire.” 
“That sounds good Miss Meyers.” 
“Stacy, were not at work, you can call me Sonya.” 
When they were inside, Sonya’s first question was how Stacy found her at the cabin. Stacy pulled something out of her purse that was the size of a phone but as Sonya examined the object closer it was not a phone. It looked like a flat, rectangular piece of shiny metal. This strange metal seemed to reflect everything in the room though. It was remarkable to look at and curious at the same time. 
“What is that?” 
“It’s similar to what your people call a tracking device but this is far more powerful.”
 “You’ve been tracking me? How did you; I mean how long have you been following me?” 
“Since yesterday, I started following you after work.” 
“Wait, didn’t you say that you’d never been in a car before?” 
“I took the bus here.” 
Sonya knew this wasn’t true. The nearest bus station was forty miles from here. That’s impossible, she couldn’t have walked from there but Sonya didn’t press Stacy on it and began building the fire. As both of the women had coffee in hand and were sipping, Stacy said something even stranger than admitting she’d never been in a car before. 
“I’m going to miss coffee; when I get back home that is.” 
“You don’t have coffee where you’re from? Bye the way, what part of the world did you come from?” 
Sonya guessed Scandinavian ancestry with her blond hair and tall build but Stacy didn’t talk with any accent and she was certain they had coffee on the Scandinavian Peninsula. 
Stacy shook her head, “no, I’m not from anywhere you’ve heard of.” 
Sonya started to feel a bit more at ease as Stacy was talking. She was from another country; that much was certain and maybe her culture might have found it acceptable to track someone and get in their car in the middle of the night. Sonya was trying to rationalize this but it still didn’t sound right. No, Sonya still needed to keep her guard up. This was a strange young woman but she seemed troubled about something, as if she was desperate because she was in danger. 
Stacy continued, “We have a drink where I come from called GNOCKTA. It has a stimulating effect like coffee but doesn’t taste good.”
Sonya took a moment to consider this. 
“GNOCKTA…can it be purchased in the States?”
Stacy didn’t answer the question but continued; “Your people are good at finding the planets pleasurable things.” 
The fire light flickered in her eyes when she said this. Those cold black eyes from yesterday were replaced by a warm and thoughtful stare into the fire this morning. For a few minutes, Sonya weighed all that had happened before she continued questioning Stacy. There was a lot to this that didn’t make sense but Sonya was beginning to feel the challenge of it all and this excited her. She could not have guessed what was really going on but that was what made it so exhilarating to her. There was a problem facing her and she had no idea how to solve it. This had been what she was missing: in her job and maybe in her marriage to Stephen. Life got too easy and mundane for her and she hadn’t even realized it. Sonya just went through the motions and she just happened to be better at it than everyone else. The scope of emotions surrounding Stacy’s arrival at the cabin this morning went from fear to confusion and was now settling into intrigue. 
Sonya mused over what this urgent problem was. 
 Stacy started speaking, “I know all this must seem strange to you Miss Mey….I mean Sonya but someone we both know needs our help. You won’t believe me if I try to explain it here but if you come with me to the city, what I have to tell you will be more believable.” 
Sonya thought about this for a moment and then said, “Is William Baxter in trouble?” 
She didn’t even need to ask as this might have explained why he had not showed up for work yesterday. 
“William Baxter is in great danger and we may be the only ones that can help him.” 
“What about the police---FBI? Is it that kind of trouble? Is someone with experience in this sort of thing needed?”
 “I assure you that not even your FBI can help William Baxter right now.” 
This brought the uneasiness back to Sonya. 
Sonya continued, “Why me---I mean---what can I possibly do or can you do for that matter? What kind of trouble is he in?” 
Stacy got up and grabbed Sonya’s coat that lay on the chair next to her and offered it, “When we get to the city, I’ll be able to tell you; no, I’ll be able to show you.” 
Sonya’s curiosity spiked more than ever at this riddled answer. She had not felt this way ever. It still sounded dangerous though. Sonya told Stacy to wait for her outside while she gathered some things for the trip; one of them being her pistol which she slipped in her coat pocket. 
The car ride back to the city was sort of an awkward one for Sonya as she couldn’t really talk about what she wanted to with Stacy. Sonya skirted around this some by asking her some questions about her and William. 
Sonya gave a feigned clearing of the throat, “The talk around the office is that you and William have been dating: Have you guys been dating very long?” 
 “We were supposed to go on a date last night, but uh…well anyway he and I are just friends.” 
Sonya tried to make other small talk but it just kept coming back to William. The curiosity was eating at her. It did occur to her that this was Stacy’s first car ride, or so she said, and asked her about that. The whole situation was odd though. There was a proverbial white elephant in the car and Sonya couldn’t wait to get to the city to talk about it. The closer she got to the city, the more it felt like a bad idea to go with Stacy. Should she be taking a risk like this? In the end, the interest in what was going on kept tugging at her. This felt bigger than her and anything she had ever experienced; thus, she wanted to be part of it. 
The sun appeared over the horizon. The interstate highway seemed to belong to the two women in the Maserati. Sonya took notice of this and touched 110 mph a few times. Stacy didn’t seem to mind; in fact she just stared out of the window the entire time as if deep in thought. Sonya broke the silence by switching the radio on. This seemed to interest Stacy. In fact, she suggested a station she wanted to listen to and Sonya didn’t object. The two listened to a popular song that they both knew every word to and this greatly eased the tension that filled the car. Sonya could begin to see the city’s skyline now when Stacy spoke her first words since leaving the cabin earlier that morning. 
“The thing I will miss most about this planet is the music its people produce.”

Chapter 4

The STONIAN shuttle traveled deep into the outermost parts of the galaxy that no human being had ever reached. There was nothing to stimulate the eyes and mind as I looked out of the spacecraft. Only a vast expanse of calm blackness was in sight from the seat inside the space shuttle. My thoughts kept me company next to this person that I had known; or I had thought I had known, for a year. It was like Star Wars; the popular sci-fi flick and my favorite movie of all time, without the excitement and interesting characters.  
“Miles, does your spaceship have a name, I mean, there was the Millennium Falcon and the USS Starship Enterprise. What do you call your spaceship?” 
Miles didn’t seem to be interested in the question but responded, “We don’t call our vehicles anything.” 
This was a little disappointing and I was biting my lip to find something to talk about but then Miles continued, “Think about it this way, earthlings don’t usually attach personal names to their cars. Maybe some do. This is really just a car to me though and actually, I was thinking about trading it in for a newer model when I get back home.” 
“A newer model,” I asked astonished? 
“Yeah, the new ones travel an additional speed of 100 KECTOPARCHELS. Sure could have used that on this trip but this transporter is still faster than most.” 
“So what will you do with this spaceship or rather; you called it a transporter, when you’ve traded it in?” 
“The dealers will either junk it, sell it for scrap or someone from CLEVIA will buy it, hoping to get a few more years out of it. I don’t know if that will be possible as it’s on its last leg as the human expression goes.” 
I adjusted in my seat at this expression; thinking, I’m traveling in a spaceship, a billion miles from safety and the only thing keeping me from sure death is on its last leg. 
Miles continued, “And a long leg it is, we are not quite halfway there.” 
When I first glanced at the craft on top of the Sorenson & Lankford building, its appearance seemed sleek and well; new. After talking to Miles though, I strangely began to notice some warts on the ships control panels. Blackened spots near switches suggested that an electrical fire had occurred at some point and the seat I was on had a few rips in it; thus, exposing a purplish material. It was still the most comfortable chair I‘d ever sat in though. 
Then I took notice of the metal buckle which appeared to be the same material the ship was made out of. It was beautiful to look at and I could not ever remember a time I’ve paid so much attention to or gave as much admiration for an object like this buckle. Its appearance had a calming effect to it; like looking into a lake under a sunrise and suddenly the thought I had  earlier about this dangerous trek didn’t seem to bother me. A placid feeling came over me. The metal seemed to have taken on a life of its own. 
I contemplated whether the alien sitting next to me appreciated the metal the way I was beginning to. My eyes shifted back to Miles.  
“Miles, you were saying earlier that there are twelve planets, some major and others minor. What did you mean by that?” 
“There are four major planets in the LOMMETRUS GALAXY: STONIA; which happens to be the planet I’m from, ALVERON; a planet that inhabits most of the galaxy’s scientific minds, VECILOI; our political hub and EPHIA; producer of our most precious resource.” 
This sparked some curiosity so I asked Miles, “What is your galaxy’s most precious resource?” 
Miles responded, “The metal you have been so enamored with---it is from EPHIA. It’s the life blood to all our technology.” 
“Wait, a little while ago you said that this ship of yours would be junked when you got back.” 
Miles grinned, “Everything but the metal of course.” 
I nodded and Miles continued, “The metal is called GLYSTIN and runs like water through the EPHIA planet. It goes through a long process called FLASHCIN that hardens GLYSTIN which then allows workers to fashion the metal into whatever they desire.”
I was fascinated by this and questioned miles further on the metal. I listened to Miles as he explained the FLASHCIN process in more detail. 
Then Miles began to talk about his planet; adding, the beauty of it was unimaginable to someone from Earth. I imagined it to be a cold, hard place after hearing its name for the first time but to hear Miles explain it, his planet sounded like a huge vacation spot in the Bahamas. It had plenty of salt water and sandy beaches that stretched across the entire planet. 
“As a human; you might appreciate that the weather is a constant temperature of 80 degrees during the day and 50 degrees at night.”
 It was sounding too good to be true. I was beginning to look forward to my visit to STONIA. Maybe this trouble I was in had some perks to it. Miles then talked about why these planets were considered major ones out of the twelve. 
“You see, these planets give life to the other eight. STONIA, ALVERON, VECILOI and EPHIA are the light in LOMMETRUS. The minor planets include WOCO, NOBI, CLEVIA, RIMEAUS, ODEPHIS, OCKTORON, NACINN and WEGOAN. They are merely worker planets and produce nothing but uneducated workers, some skilled labor and criminals like the ones chasing you.” 
I interrupted Miles at this, “But could it be said that without these workers from the minor planets the major planets would not be able to produce its machines and gadgets needed for advancement? Could they be considered important to the LOMMETRUS?”
 Miles seemed to ponder this question as if he never thought of it that way before and spoke, “I guess you could look at it that way.” 
Miles may have only said this to appease me and move the conversation forward. I began to wonder if I’d have a chance to visit those other planets. Minor or not, how many times in my life will I make it out this far in space. This forced a smile on my face that I’m not sure Miles noticed. 

Sonya and Stacy approached the city park. Joggers and dog walkers sparsely filled the area as they pulled in to park. They both got out of the car and Stacy pointed over by the bridge that led to a trail. “Over there,” Stacy said and with this we started walking. Sonya wondered if this was going to be some kind of hostage situation that she would have to negotiate William out of. It’s not likely but the cryptic information Stacy gave didn’t leave her much to guess at. 
“Another quarter mile or so and we’ll be there,” Stacy added as they crossed the bridge. 
“Where exactly are we going Stacy?” 
This question was ignored as she began to walk at a faster pace than Sonya toward whatever laid ahead. The trail the two women took seemed to be tousled and densely surrounded by grass and brush from dead trees. The dirt path was hardly noticeable without purposely looking toward the ground and navigating through the forgotten path. 
These natural obstacles didn’t seem to affect Stacy’s pace as she was nearly out of Sonya’s sight when they got a little ways into the trail. 
Sonya called out, “Stacy, I can’t see you. Wait up!”
 Sonya then began to hear the breaking of twigs in front of her as Sonya quickened her pace to catch Stacy. 
“Wait up Stacy…I hear something coming.” 
Then an eerie silence surrounded Sonya. Not even the chirping of singing birds from earlier could be heard. She stood there a moment to listen but nothing alerted her of anyone else on that trail. Sonya’s sixth sense began to alert her that the decision to follow Stacy in the woods might have put her in danger. Sonya started to walk back to the car when she heard something approach. Twigs were snapping and the sound that resembled an army of marching footsteps approached her. The forest appeared to move before her eyes. Sonya couldn’t understand what was happening. The outline of an image could be identified but it was not something Sonya had ever seen before so she could not quite make it out. The massive object stopped moving toward her and a voice came from that direction. It was Stacy’s. 
“Sonya, over here; I have something I want to show you.” 
Cautious but still curious, Sonya began to walk toward the strange image. As she approached the object, it was clear to Sonya that it had reflective outer material that seemed to camouflage whatever it was. With this discovery, Sonya could make out what was in front of her. Then Sonya’s hand instinctively smoothed over the image. It appeared to be some kind of vehicle. In fact, it looked like a saucer of sorts but Sonya still wasn’t sure. The body of the vehicle was as large as a cement truck but was round. Sonya walked behind it with a look of astonishment. It then opened up in the middle, revealing its inside components and a mess of blond hair sitting in one of the two seats. 
Stacy turned around and looked at Sonya with a stone gaze then asked, “What do think?” 
Sonya completed her circle around the vehicle until she stood in front of Stacy and asked, “What is this?” 
This got a laugh out of Stacy. Sonya hadn’t heard Stacy laugh before and it was probably something she didn’t ever want to hear again. It was shrill, continuous and irritating. 
“What is so funny?” 
“It’s nothing,” Stacy said through her laughter. 
“Well, it is something,” Sonya snapped back. 
Sonya began to get angry and this only made Stacy laugh with more enthusiasm. 
“Listen…”
 Sonya stopped herself before a nasty insult came out.
 “Just forget it. Whatever it is---I’m leaving. I don’t even know why I’m here.” 
At this, Sonya started to walk away and then the laughter stopped. 
A desperate tone from Stacy developed; “wait Sonya.” 
Stacy then got out and began walking after her. Stacy caught up with Sonya and said, “I’m sorry, truly, I should not laugh. You have shown a lot of trust in me to come this far but please, don’t go.” 
“Why shouldn’t I leave,” Sonya asked in an irritated tone. “You have given me nothing to understand--- what is happening here? Who are you, really?” 
Stacy sighed and said, “OK Sonya, here it goes. I am a pilot for the ALVERON government in the LOMMETRUS GALAXY and I was supposed to intercept a NOBIAN criminal before he took William. I was unable to identify this NOBIAN until few days ago. I should have moved quicker but I thought there would be enough time.”
Sonya added, “Your date with William was really just your opportunity for eventually protecting him from this NOBIAN alien?” 
“Yes,” Stacy nodded. “I was going to try and tell William everything. Now it is too late; he has already left and my mission has failed as he took William Baxter with him back to LOMMETRUS. Look, I was laughing for several reasons. One, I thought you’d have figured some of this out already, at least the part about me being alien. I was actually hoping you’d put some of it together because secondly; I didn’t know a good way to tell you this. I kept thinking about it from your perspective and thought how ridiculous it would sound. I thought if I just showed you my ship that maybe I could convince you to believe me.” 
Sonya had some suspicion about Stacy but this was obviously not it. The ship was definitely a needed touch to get Sonya’s attention. Sonya walked to the front of the ship past Stacy but kept her gaze firmly planted on the alien. Then Sonya turned her stare toward the ship to study it. This spaceship was not like anything she’d seen before. It could be top secret military but how did this strange girl get a hold of it? Then a thought crept in her mind that scared her. What if Stacy was telling the truth? Could she be standing next to a life form from another planet? Sonya’s eyes went back to Stacy whose eyes were fixed on Sonya. 
“Look, I’m going to be up front with you as I can see there is no other way. The NOBIAN criminals are looking to devise a weapon that would destroy life in the LOMMETRUS. If you ever want to see William again, I need you to come with me to bring him back. Sonya, the people that took William will use extreme measures on him and just make it difficult for him to see reality. William brings the potential of human viruses to my galaxy that we are not prepared to fight. Now, we could destroy him if given a chance but my planet’s leadership thought someone from Earth could convince William to come back to his planet. William would listen to you. He respects and trusts you.” 
“How…I mean…what could I say?”
Stacy countered, “Look Sonya, you are great at negotiating deals. You’ll think of something.” 
“Why William though?”
Stacy pondered this question for a moment. 
“Maybe they found something in William that was genetically unique and vital to their weapon. I really don’t know.”
 This whole story was taking on a new life for Sonya. This morning she could not have guessed that this is the trouble Baxter was in. She’d grown a fondness and respect for William this past year in the office as he reminded her of Devon. With the thought of Devon, the divorce from Stephen and now this; suddenly, for the first time in Sonya Meyers’ life, she felt overwhelmed. Her eyes began to tear up. Sonya turned quickly from Stacy at this to regain control but she couldn’t. The tears kept coming and she found herself sobbing like she never had before. This was all too much for her at that moment and she didn’t know what to do. 
“Ok…I’ll go with you,” Sonya said wiping tears.
 “Are you sure? I mean, this is a dangerous mission I’ve presented to you. We may not make it back.” 
Sonya paused at this for only a few seconds and spoke, “I’m the only person that can get William back. It is up to me to do this.” 
Sonya looked at the ship, “I’ve never rode in a spaceship before,” Sonya said this with a grin and a wink as Stacy who seemed to understand the meaning behind it. “This is so crazy but I’m actually going to do it.”
Stacy smiled, “Do you want to take the Maserati back to your place before we leave?”
Sonya bit her lip and looked at the trail; toward the general direction of the concealed parking lot. “If we wait any longer, I might change my mind. Let’s just go.”
 Sonya climbed into the seat next to the one Stacy had been sitting in. She immediately noticed how comfortable the chair was as she sunk into it. Then something caught her eye as she instinctively grabbed for the buckle. The belt buckle was similar to the strange metal that resembled the device Stacy had pulled out for tracking her. The sunlight peaked through the middle opening of the space craft and hit the metal for a few moments. The illuminated cabin felt safe to Sonya. A cloud then covered the rays and Sonya felt rejuvenated like she had never before. 
Stacy noticed this and said, “The metal; which is called GLYSTIN, is the life blood of LOMMETRUS. The ship’s body and some of the components in the cabin are in fact, made out of GLYSTIN.” 
Sonya shook her head to acknowledge this, buckled herself into the seat and stared forward; waiting for the alien pilot to join her. 
Stacy asked, “Sonya is there anyone you wish to call; family or friends, someone that you need to hear from before we leave?” 
Sonya’s dark eyes connected with Stacy’s, “No, I’m ready, let’s just leave.” 
Stacy climbed into the pilots seat of the space ship, went through her pre-flight routine and within minutes, the two were in outer space, distancing themselves from the human’s planet. 

Chapter 5

The NOBI sun edges over the MOMENTRUS Mountains. Due to the planet’s relatively close proximity to its sun, NOBI is one of the warmest planets in the LOMMETRUS GALAXY. When the NOBIAN sun edges closer to its highest point of the day, the temperature in the CHERKOT FLASHCIN plant near the MEDOAN village will reach sweltering heat levels. NOBIANS, much like humans, have sensitivity to the extreme temperatures. In fact, NOBIANS, CLEVIANS and ALVERONS are the only life forms in the galaxy that share this temperature sensitivity. NOBIAN workers are slowed by this intense increase in heat during midday but press forward anyway. 
The typical day for a NOBIAN worker at the CHERKOT FLASHCIN plant in the north region always started two hours before the sun would peak over the great MOMENTRUS MOUNTAINS. The NOBIAN camps were densely populated around these mountains as each NOBIAN was required to make an annual trip to the top of its peak for VECILDOME. VECILDOME was the darkest and most sinister of secrets in the LOMMETRUS GALAXY as it is the process by which the major planets; specifically ALVERON and VECILOI, used to eliminate aging and perhaps; weaker NOBIAN workers. 
The MOMENTRUS Mountain Range could never be admired for its beauty by a NOBIAN as it was the harsh reminder to them every day of the year--- their life would end one day because of those mountains. There is an ALVERON reporting station at the top of each peak. The ALVERONS have a list of each NOBIAN in that region. NOBIANS wisely choose to live as close to the base of the mountains to eliminate any extra distance for the VECILDOME journey. VECILDOME is simply achieved when a NOBIAN survives the long trek up one of the mountains. A NOBIAN doesn’t begin VECILDOME until they’ve reached the age of fifty. From that age, their worth to the ALVERONS is measured. A tracking device is injected into each NOBIAN new born. The ALVERONS will immediately take custody over a NOBIAN baby after it is born for two days. This cruelty at the beginning of the NOBIAN’S life symbolizes the ownership the ALVERONS have over them. 
When that newborn turns fifty and does not report to one of the ALVERON stations for VECILDOME, the tracking device releases a poison native only on the planet OCKTORON. It takes a few days for a NOBIAN to feel its affect, but when it reaches the NOBIAN’S heart, the heart stops. VECILDOME is really a NOBIAN’S only chance at survival for another year. VECILDOME is also one of the few excuses a NOBIAN can miss work at the CHERKOT FLASHCIN plant. 
Today, a male NOBIAN turns fifty. He’s worked at CHERKOT since he was taller than a NOBI pond reed which probably put him at the age of twelve. He is the youngest of six and watched his mom fail VECIDOME just a week before his ninth birthday. His father was left with him and his two older sisters. His three brothers already worked at CHERKOT and were away as much as his dad. The two sisters were not much older than the young NOBIAN. However, they worked together to help this NOBIAN boy in his school work. 
Most NOBIANS did not spend a lot of time worrying about an education as it was rarely seen when a NOBIAN could do more than hard labor for the ALVERONS or a life of crime in the desert. The sisters seemed to have something else in mind for the young NOBIAN though. They saw greatness in him that no one else; not even their father, would have paid attention to. But it’s a strange power when someone believes in another person. This encouragement and love from the two sisters sparked a leadership quality in the young NOBIAN boy that he would carry his entire life. 
Tragically, the two sisters were caught in the great SCHWEXION storm that killed nearly a quarter of the camp and shut CHERKOT down for a month. It was during this month that the workers of NOBI were allowed to build a memorial for the lost NOBIANS. The ALVERONS even provided the metal to etch each name into. The monument was then placed in the middle of the camp for everyone to see. Now, the fifty year old NOBIAN stands in front of the monument, touching the names of his two sisters before he makes the VECILDOME trip up the closest mountain to his home. 
As he walks down the loose rock path that leads to a trail up the mountain which is not much better than the path he is on, the NOBIAN sees a blond haired and blue eyed little girl that is the spitting image of his late wife. The NOBIAN man waves to his daughter; mostly sure his first VECILDOME will be a success, but never taking a moment for granted, he smiles at her before she goes inside. The NOBIAN man looks up at the mountain that stands enormous in front of him. His backpack is heavy but he needs every item in it. 
The sun begins to rise over the peaks as he only has till sundown to reach the top. Slowly he advances, measuring each step with the consideration of a perilous slide to certain death. The slope on the trail is steeper at some points than at others. Hydration is just as important as anything else on this trip as the heat bears down on the NOBIAN man. Beads of sweat drip in his eyes causing them to sting but he presses forward; not giving in to the aches in his knees and back as he nears the top. 
The hottest part of the day is upon him as mid-day has arrived and his journey is nearly complete. He thinks of his late wife and how she never had to participate in VECILDOME due to an accident in the factory that resulted in her death. She was only in her forty-third year. He grieved but was glad she never had to do VECILDOME as the thought burned his insides as much as the NOBIAN sun was baking his skin today. 
He had to refocus as this anger built up and caused him to slip a few times. My kids still need me. My people still need me. His thoughts shift to the rebellion and the great risk he takes when he leads those meetings. If the ALVERONS really knew me; knew my thoughts---at this he drifted off to his main concern in all this. 
He thought about the implanted device in his body that would release the poison. Many times he contemplated the risk; not only to him, but his children as well. They were implanted with similar devices. Was the rebellion worth it? He hated the ALVERON rule and what his people were forced to take part in. He was torn between family and one day changing things. Many NOBIANS fell in line; beaten their whole lives. Would this be his fate? He neared the top of the mountain. Many NOBIANS would choose to camp at or near the top of the peak after check-in. Much of this decision depends on the tiredness of the traveler or if the NOBIAN has work the following day. This NOBIAN does not work tomorrow and he is exhausted. Staying; however, would cause extended stress to his children so he chooses not to stay the night up here. 
The NOBIAN reaches the top and he immediately spots the tiny check-in building with ALVERON security; fully armed with WEGOAN vapor pistols, guarding the entrance. The guards don’t look at the NOBIAN as he walks through the door. The tiny room has one smartly dressed ALVERON man behind a desk. There is an equally sharp dressed female ALVERON standing next to him, who appears to be pointing something out on a topographical map as the ALVERON man looks and shakes his head. The NOBIAN steps forward but the two don’t notice him immediately. 
Without looking up, the ALVERON man says in a curt tone, “State your township.” 
“It’s MEDOAN.” 
The ALVERON woman reaches for the rectangular device next to the desk that has a 12 x 8 inch screen on it and with a simple press of a button, the screen emits a bluish shade on both the ALVERON’S faces. The cool air in the small building is refreshing to the senses. The NOBIAN’S clothes that are drenched in sweat only added to the cool down effect that the NOBIAN is now feeling. After flipping through a couple of screen displays, the ALVERON man behind the desk looks up. His eyes are an icy blue and he looks over his pointy nose as he squints at the NOBIAN. 
“Well, state your name NOBIAN.” 
The tired traveler cleared his throat and spoke, “The name is DRUCKER.”  

Miles and I entered the LOMMETRUS galaxy nearly a week after we left Earth. Miles had spent plenty of time giving what amounted to school lessons for me on the ALVERON planet, its people and culture. The lessons even got into politics and some of the planets recent news. This of course was sent to Miles by the ALVERON council as they neared the planet. As far as I could tell, there were many similarities between ALVERON and Earth. While the ALVERONS were superior in their technological advances; the average ALVERON life-form was outwardly simple, family centered, and lived considerably longer than the average life form in the galaxy. 
The planet population was divided by communities and social status but there was a strong sense of pride in their planet’s overall achievements that was shared by all ALVERONS. Most of them worked in the city and vacationed on Miles’ planet of STONIA. 
Lost in these presentations were the minor planets. I wanted to know more about these minor planets but Miles would only spend a small amount of time giving basic and trivial facts about each one. 
An example of this one day came when I  tried to find out more about NOBI which Miles replied, “NOBI is the ninth planet in our galaxy discovered ten-thousand years ago by an explorer named; uh, I forget the name but he was a big deal back then.” 
Miles began talking more on STONIA when I interrupted asking, “Tell me more Miles, what’s the planet NOBI like?”  
Miles was detached from the question but tried not to show it by turning his head to look for something, “Ah there it is,” Miles revealed a snack bar from Earth. 
“I’ve got to keep my energy up if I’m going to survive this trip;”Miles said. 
I pressed Miles one more time about revealing an important fact regarding NOBI but he sighed and said, “Look Baxter, NOBI along with the rest of the minor planets are not important to us.” 
“They may not be important to you but I am interested;” I said. Miles responded; “They’re worker planets comprising of mostly desert and factories; you don’t ever want to visit one of these planets as they resemble places on Earth humans would call third world countries. There is nothing on NOBI or any minor planet a human would want and besides, there are people on NOBI who are a danger to you; specifically, the one’s that tried to kidnap you against your will. Let’s forget this NOBI talk and continue with the lessons.” 
I wasn’t satisfied with his answer but I nodded to Miles that he could continue his planned lesson and so; I sat back in my seat, distantly interested in what Miles was saying and at the same time, still wondering about the minor planets. 
We began to descend toward ALVERON. Miles finally stopped talking about STONIA and focused his attention to the control panel and the screen with a series of green lines that changed form as we descended. Static noises came from the panel and Miles pressed a few buttons as if doing it on command. The blackness of space soon gave way to the planet’s atmosphere and I could see blue and green surface outside the window. We were still a great distance away from our landing destination. I sat back in my seat and closed my eyes. The chair I had sat in for nearly a week was comfortable but I was looking forward to getting out of this transporter ship and stretching. I was also hoping for a nice bed to sleep on instead of this chair that I had been strapped into for most of the trip. Miles assured me that the strap was an important safety precaution although I’m not sure how safe a strap on my chair could be in the event that I become separated from the transporter spaceship. This thought made me a little nervous and was surprisingly eager to finally land on this ALVERON planet. 
I opened my eyes and could see tops of trees and bodies of water in the distance. Then a magnificent structure we were headed toward came into view as the craft felt like massive air brakes had been applied and the craft had slowed to almost a stand still. I looked at Miles and realized he was no longer driving but we were being pulled into a hanger that was situated near the top of the structure. 
I saw a crowd of life forms that were large in stature but looked just as human as me. This is when I began to feel self-conscious about still being two feet shorter than my original height. Miles had taken the same serum on the way to ALVERON and shrank almost to my height. This he did, ‘because the long trip will be more comfortable for the both of us but when we arrive at ALVERON, I’ll give you the serum that changes us back.’ 
“Miles,” I said.
 He was looking out the window at the crowd of people.
 “What happens next, I mean to me?” 
Miles looked at me and smiled reassuringly, “You’re going to be just fine Baxter. You know, there are a lot of ALVERONS and STONIANS that want to meet you.” 
“Like this group waiting to exit the spacecraft,” I said. 
“Oh, many more, this is only the beginning. You are going to be somewhat looked at as a rock star when all this is over.” Miles started to laugh at this.
 “You have much to look forward to in the coming days ahead.” 
People want to meet me I thought. This made me nervous. I felt the way I did before a big presentation. I can’t say I was really excited about interacting with the large group of ALVERONS waiting for me in the hanger but then it occurred to me that Miles said I would be viewed as some kind of rock star or something like that. I thought about this more and liked the sound of it.
 We landed safely in the hanger and I could see the group focused on me, occasionally one or two would point and whisper in an ear as if to say as I imagined, ‘There he is, the rock star from Earth.’ I took a deep breath and mentally said, “Here we go Baxter.” 
The space craft split in the middle and cool air hit my face. It was in fact colder on ALVERON this time of year, something the ALVERONS were prepared for but I could have used a jacket; maybe even a coat. I guess adrenaline rushed in because I paid no attention to how cold it was when Miles helped me out of the craft. A collective silent group stared at me and I looked at Miles for some kind of introduction. 
After a few seconds though, I took the initiative and greeted my new admirers with a simple but awkward, “Hi---My name is William Baxter. I’m from Earth.” 
This brought a few gasps and heads turned as they discussed this greeting in a language I didn’t understand. Then a door opened behind the group and an older ALVERON came out with two ALVERONS that I’d guess to be security or something like it and they walked straight to me. The security guards stopped in front of the crowd but the older looking ALVERON kept walking toward me. 
Finally he said, “Welcome to ALVERON William Baxter. We are delighted to have someone from Earth visit our planet finally. I trust that Miles did everything to make your trip as comfortable as possible,” looking at Miles while saying this.
 I nodded.
“My name is SKAXTIAEON but you may call me Erick.” 
I was a bit taken aback at the casualness of his introduction as his looks portrayed someone more serious and less friendly. I was always bad about sizing people up too quickly and knew this fault about me all too well. First impressions mean so much to a good relationship so I quickly smiled and nodded my head, also thankful that someone from ALVERON spoke my language. 
“Yes, the trip was great. The chair; in fact, was the most comfortable I’ve ever sat in. A week in it and I don’t really feel stiff or sore.” 
I stopped talking; thinking about what to say next as the ALVERON looked at me and remembered something my mother used to say to me about new friendships. She’d tell me to start off with a compliment if I could. This breaks down any defensive barriers that might still be up after an introduction. I thought; I kind of did this with the chair comment but knew I needed something more so I looked at the ship and pointed to the metal. 
“Erick, this is the most fascinating metal I’ve ever seen. Does your planet build with this metal very often?” 
I quickly remembered that the metal was actually from EPHIA so this wasn’t going to be the best use of my complimenting skills but it was all I had at the moment. 
“Ah, the metal,” Erick said. He rubbed his chin and spoke softly and slowly as if this part of the conversation was meant for only us to hear. “The metal is from EPHIA as I’m sure you know from the lessons provided to you during the trip. We use this metal for everything possible as it is an abundant resource to our planet via EPHIA.” 
I began to look around the hanger and notice the presence of the metal everywhere. 
“The metal is part of the reason we chose you to join us William but we’ll get into that later. For now, Miles will take you to the place you’ll be staying while you’re here. You’ve had a long trip and I’m sure you need some time to adjust and get situated before we discuss some important business.” 
With that, I nodded and Erick walked away, this time leaving the security guards behind with the crowd of awe struck ALVERONS. Miles waited for Erick to leave and then showed me a different door that we’d walk through. This opened up to a hallway, similar in looks to the one at Sorenson and Lankford. This triggered the strange experience prior to Miles rescuing me from whatever it was in that office on the seventeenth floor a week ago. 
We headed for an elevator from there that was nothing like I’d seen on Earth as it was made of the GLYSTIN metal and had a wall opposite the door made entirely of glass. We shot down as fast as the ship I had arrived in shot up from the Earth’s surface and within seconds, we were in a garage. Miles pointed to an object that he identified as our transporter while on ALVERON and so it was this transporter that I climbed into, heading for the day’s next discovery or possible adventure. This transporter; simply, was like a much smaller version of the transporter we’d arrived in earlier as its size was more comparable to a car. 
It was not enclosed and for the second time in less than an hour, I was wishing for a coat to wear. We pulled out of the garage and the most magnificent city appeared. Buildings, no skyscrapers, towered above Miles and I as more transporters swerved beside us and then ahead of us. The second shot of adrenaline kicked in as I took this great sight in. It was movie-esque in its grand display of futuristic sights and sounds. A Lucas/Spielberg film would easily fit into this reality I was in. I watched the bustle of this great city as we sped out of its main hub and toward the great body of water I’d seen on my descent to the ALVERON hanger. I looked back as we traveled over the water and admired the city and its skyline. The architecture was similar to any cityscape I’d seen on Earth but the use of the GLYSTIN metal brought each building to a different level of splendor. Even the garbage cans sparkled. I had always been fascinated with the city; which is why I left my rural upbringing in a town of only 400 people and made my home in one of the largest cities in the United States. 
The vigorous energy that this city displayed reminded me of my fifth grade field trip to the natural science museum. It wasn’t the numerous exhibits and artifacts that held my interest but rather the bustle of life in the city that made the largest impression. People moving about and so many sights as well as sounds; I knew then as a fifth grade student of Westchester Elementary that I belonged in the city someday.
 Miles sped down into an opening in the ground; revealing a beautifully lit round tunnel that had walls similar to red cobblestone streets of the New England town square where I’d occasionally get my haircut as a youth. I heard the dull but steady sound of water flowing above me and behind this great cobblestone enclosure. Then natural light peeked through the end of this tunnel. We sped faster toward the light and then the transporter burst out of the tunnel and over a blanket of dense pine trees that covered the ground as far as the eye could see. 
At this, Miles spoke, “This is the AVERWOODS forest where we will be staying. We have to keep a low profile so this was the best place the council could come up with. The NOBIANS will be looking for you in the city but will have little to no chance of finding you here. You’ll find the AVERWOODS to be very comfortable; peaceful really. The council will visit us in a few days so we can get settled in.” 
This all sounded nice to me and I finally asked Miles through exaggerated chattering teeth, “When do I get a coat or jacket to wear?” 
Miles laughed at this, “Sorry about that William. I forgot humans are sensitive to temperature extremes, something I had to play along with as I pretended to be human. I’ll travel to the city tomorrow because ALVERONS share this sensitivity to temperature too. I should be able to find something suitable for you to wear. In the mean time, we’ll build a fire when we get to the BALLASTAH.” 
I thought; the BALLASTAH? 
“Miles, what’s a BALLASTAH?” 
“It’s essentially a tree hut but not as crude as you’d imagine. It will be very comfortable.” 
“How are a couple of smallish life forms going to get into…a BALLASTAH---is it?” 
“Relax,” Miles said assuredly, “it won’t be as bad as you think.” 
We headed toward an opening and landed in a small clearing when Miles told me more about the AVERWOODS. 
“We have to stay in the trees because of the ROTIANS that creep about on the ground at night. They are vicious and not to be reckoned with so it’s best to stay on high ground or trees while they hunt for food. They are extremely sensitive to light and never come out during the day.” 
“What is a ROTIAN,” I asked? 
“Think of a nasty looking possum with a vampire’s thirst for blood. They are mean critters but the only true danger in these woods,” Miles paused after saying this, “Well, that is, the only danger we should have to deal with.” 
It is also best to stay away from a ROTIAN den in the evening right before sundown as they move quickly once nightfall begins.” 
“Miles, what does a ROTIAN den look like?” 
“Anytime you see a cave; just avoid it.” 
Miles handed me a backpack and we walked on a path that took us to a BALLASTAH made of the GLYSTIN metal that was elevated by stilts made of the same material. The trees covered the roof making it difficult if not impossible to spot from the air. The reflective nature of the metal made the elevated house camouflaged from the ground. It was nothing like the plywood and mud tree huts that I’d build as a kid as this BALLASTAH stretched across the thick limbs of several trees. I noticed some of the humble qualities---spotting the rope ladder that would lead me to the inside of my temporary hide out. The backpack was heavy, especially on an empty stomach. When I reached the top and climbed into an opening on the floor of this tree mansion in the woods, my eyes noticed immediately that the inside of the dwelling was very similar to my apartment back on Earth. 
I climbed in the rest of the way and studied it with awe. 
Miles climbed in at this point and I looked at him; asking, “How did you, how could you have gotten so many details about my apartment right?” 
The lay out, the furniture, even the countertop was exactly like mine back on Earth. 
“Yeah, uh William,” Miles began, “I hope you don’t mind but I broke into your apartment one day to take photographs of your place.” 
I was stunned at this confession by Miles, “Look Baxter, we just wanted to make you feel comfortable at ALVERON and thought this might help you adjust to your situation better.” 
This was a bit disturbing to me as I felt my privacy had been violated but I could somewhat understand why he did it now. I did feel better having all my things or what looked like my things here on this alien planet. Of course, a few extras were added to make my stay in the woods more comfortable. A massive stone fireplace was in a room that had been added next to my bedroom. It was cozy as there was a couch crafted of the same material the seat in the ship was made of. I knew where I’d sleep tonight thinking it was getting about that time of the evening anyway. Also, a large rug that was made of thick animal fur was spread across the floor directly in front of the fireplace and couch. 
“Miles,” I said, “Does bear or something as large as a bear live in these woods?” 
Miles shook his head, “No, I told you the only thing dangerous in these woods is the ROTIANS.” 
So with this, I dropped onto the couch and fell into a restful sleep. 

Chapter 6

I woke up to a warm glow of flames dancing in the fireplace and producing a generous amount of heat along with enough light to look around the room. The popping and crackling in the hearth was a welcoming sound within the maddening silence of the AVERWOODS. And then my ears keyed in on the heavy nasal sounds of Miles who was sound asleep in the other room. With each inhale and exhale; the noises triggered a memory of my youth. It was one of a dozen days that I stayed over at grandpa’s house---this memory involved grandpa shoveling long and smooth lines across his driveway after a heavy snow and it was his driveway that appeared the cleanest of snow in the neighborhood he lived in ---cleaner than any sultry day in July. I didn’t mind that Miles ended up in the bed I was supposed to be in as I preferred the couch. I felt rested. I then looked out the window, at the blackness of the forests and wondered what time it was but remembered this was an alien planet. Does ALVERON have the same twenty-four hour day that Earth has? I made a mental note to ask Miles about this when I’d see him tomorrow. 
Then my mind began to play tricks in the darkness of the AVERWOODS. I pondered the idea, “What if a day to the ALVERONS is like a month to humans? What is time really in another galaxy? I could be stuck in this BALLASTAH for a month; unable to leave because of these blood-sucking ROTIAN monsters outside. I heard a screeching noise that sounded close to the BALLASTAH. The shrill cry sent chills through me that the fire couldn’t temperate. I got back on the couch and tried to think about something else. 
I wondered when Miles was going to give me the reverse serum that changed this smallish state I was in. I felt like most of my confidence and perhaps bravery were gone after the change. Mind you, I didn’t perceive the courage that welled inside me during the events of the past week. My thoughts churned around the fear of what was unknown outside and beyond. For a brief time, these thoughts agitated worry in my head but boredom eventually sunk in and I fell back asleep. When I woke up for a second time, I saw sunlight peaking through some branches outside my window and all the thoughts from earlier that morning seemed ridiculous to me. 
The fire was still burning strong in the hearth. Miles must have got up and thrown another log or two on for me. I lay there, aware of the comfortable couch that had given me this good rest. It was hard to get up but I was anxious to talk to Miles and my stomach was long overdue for a good meal. I walked out into the bedroom and then the living room but it appeared Miles already left for the city to get that coat I asked for. Maybe he’ll bring the serum that changes us both back I thought. Then something occurred to me that I hadn’t paid attention to when we first arrived in the BALLASTAH yesterday. While it did resemble my apartment, everything was closer to the floor and meant for a smaller person. The countertops, cabinets and even chairs and dinner table were short. I realized then that the plan to change me back was not at this location; but, if not now, when?
 I walked over to a cabinet in the kitchen that was stocked with items my apartment on Earth would have. Snappy O’s cereal, breakfast bars and my favorite chocolate covered mint chip cookies. There’s only one place in the universe that makes these I thought and wondered where Miles had stashed these on the trip while heading to ALVERON. In fact, there were canned goods with all the familiar labels on them. I looked at an object that was of course made of GLYSTIN metal---a refrigerator? I opened it up and saw plenty of bottled water, lunch meat, cheeses, milk and eggs. The refrigerator was cool inside and I studied the outside of the fridge to locate the cord with a plug attached to the wall; thinking that would be bizarre to find in this in an elevated alien BALLASTAH but nothing was seen. Battery operated maybe? 
I looked at the countertops that were full of fruit and vegetables as well as some breads and pastas. Then I went into the bathroom that didn’t have running water but a large tub filled with warm water and my favorite shaving gel, razors, soap toothbrush and toothpaste which were neatly lined in the cabinet. I became conscious of the fact that there was no way Miles could have fit all this food and furniture from Earth on the spacecraft we traveled in. Someone went to great lengths to ensure my comfort on ALVERON; right to the miniature replicas of my furniture back home. I was flattered and perplexed at the same time but decided to finally eat something and get ready for the day before Miles got back. 

A few hours later I heard the transporter cut through the silence of the AVERWOOD FOREST.  I couldn’t wait to see Miles as I was anxious to ask him all of my questions. A few minutes later, Miles head popped through the floor and he greeted me with a cheerful and curious, “Hello human.” I waited for Miles to settle in before I gave him any questioning on all the items in the BALLASTAH or my interesting thoughts on time at ALVERON which I had earlier this morning. Miles handed me a very suitable coat that was made for my present measurements and this triggered my most important question immediately when he handed it to me.
 “Miles, why am I still this size and when are we both going to change back?” 
“Oh that,” Miles said this with a shrug like it was the least important thing on his mind. “William, I’ll get you back to your normal size when things settle down with the NOBIANS. It’s much easier to hide you at this size. Besides, the BALLASTAH is already tailor made for our present stature. Look, I’m not asking you to deal with anything I’m not dealing with too. Just relax and enjoy the next few days here in the AVERWOODS.” 
This was a good point made by Miles. He was in fact, still the same height as me and not complaining about it. The shared condition made me feel at ease and it wasn’t like I’d be this height forever. We then decided an afternoon walk in the AVERWOODS would do us both some good. I was excited about the possibility of exploring this alien forest for the first time. Being out here really brought back memories of my childhood as I grew up near a densely wooded area with streams and rock piles to climb. Miles and I were two insouciant souls; like a couple of kids that afternoon in the AVERWOODS, as the thrill of exploring was in our hearts. We couldn’t believe the luck when we came upon a canoe down by the stream. A thought occurred to me that it had been placed there for me but Miles seemed to act like it was good fortune so I went along. 
The biggest thrill came when we used our fashioned spears to tag ALVERON trout; at least that’s what I called them, Miles had a much stranger name for them. 
“We’re eating well tonight,” Miles said as I pulled in my third fish of the day. 
I stuck my hand in the water and moved it rapidly for cleaning. For as cold as it was outside; the water was surprisingly warm. I had to ask Miles about this. 
“The best way I can describe it to you Baxter is think of an hour glass. There are times when the hour glass is nearly full on the top and close to empty on the bottom while other times the bottom half of the hour glass is completely full and the top half is empty. So it goes here on ALVERON where the resources for survival on the planet are shared.”
I didn’t quite understand it. It sounded like grasshopper; yen and yang talk to me as it was an extraordinarily bizarre reason. As I sorted through Miles’ explanation; I heard a noise that nearly shook me out of the canoe. It was as loud as a lion’s roar, deafening almost and startling in the tranquil AVERWOOD FOREST. 
I looked at Miles, “What was that,” I asked. 
Miles raised his pointer to his lips and squinted past me and toward the river’s bank on my left. Movement in some thick brush caught our attention and we stuck our paddles in the water, mine catching a rock at the bottom of the stream to stop our forward progress and we maneuvered behind a dead tree limb on the bank. We waited and watched the feverish movement of bushes just a half click ahead of us. Then a massive dark image crept out of the dense brush and into the stream. A beast in stature of nearly eight feet and black hair that covered every inch accept near the crown of the head. Two ominous horns shot out of the mammoth skull of the beast. 
I whispered in astonishment, “What is that?” 
Miles put his hand over my mouth and pressed his pointer over his lips for emphasis. The beast turned and looked in our direction but only for a second and then continued across the stream. We slowly backed the canoe out of hiding and paddled upstream toward the spot where we had discovered the canoe. Miles was silent through this and I followed. We walked as quiet as the forest would allow to the BALLASTAH. Miles finally spoke when we climbed inside and the color in his face resurfaced. 
“That’s a GARGIAN. They’re very dangerous in these woods.” 
“But I thought you said the ROTIANS were the only thing dangerous in this forest.” 
“They are; I mean, normally, this part of the season the GARGIAN go into their layer for a rest and don’t come out until the water is cool. I didn’t think I’d ever see one of those again.”
Miles appeared shaken and I could sense that he was holding something back about this dangerous GARGIAN creature.
 “So, what does that mean for us,” I asked? 
“I’m afraid we’re forced to stay in the BALLASTAH as much as possible.” 
“But does the GARGIAN stay near the water, what if we avoid the water entirely and just stick to the trails in the forest?” 
Miles shook his head, “I’m afraid were stuck here. I can’t risk anything happening to you William. It’s just too risky.” 
I attempted a final ploy to this discussion but Miles blurted out, “Look, if you were to be captured by a GARGIAN, I can assure you that your final moments would be wishing for death.” 
This emphatic statement from Miles silenced me on the subject and I cleared any thoughts of leaving the BALLASTAH unless Miles gave the okay from that point on. After that, the mood lightened back up to normal between Miles and me when we started frying the fish over the fire. 

That evening, Miles told me a story, as we both sat in front of the fire, bellies full from the catch earlier in the day. 
The story started out like this: “There was a great storm that came upon a village one morning. People were unprepared as they had never seen winds so strong and rain fall so heavy. The destruction that the storm brought was unimaginable. People ran for their lives to be saved by finding shelter but many didn’t succeed and were lost forever. The ones that did live were left broken and changed forever as many of their loved ones cried out; but, could not be saved.” 
Miles looked into the fire as it flickered with intensity in his eyes. 
Miles went on, “It was found out many years later that one brother had betrayed another to save his children from death; leaving the other brother and his children to sure destruction. However, both brothers survived but one lost everything in that storm. That brother had a vengeance burn in him toward his brother that would last the rest of his life.” 
The fire popped and Miles looked down. 
I said to Miles, “But the brother that saved his children, didn’t he have a responsibility to rescue them?” 
“He did; perhaps, maybe there was another way for all to be saved though.” 
“That storm sounded crazy though,” I tried to go on but Miles got up and announced he was tired and off to bed. 
I dozed off shortly after Miles went to bed. A ray of sunlight on my face woke me up the next morning and I felt refreshed as it was the first decent night of sleep I had experienced since the last night in my apartment. Miles was already up and making something called GNOCKTA to which Miles explained had similar stimulating effects on a person as coffee does. This excited me until I tasted it. 
“Very bitter---needs sugar,” I exclaimed! 
This got a laugh out of Miles as he enjoyed seeing my puckered facial expression. This reminded me of my dad and uncle on my 21st birthday. We were at a bar and Uncle Dave ordered a scotch on the rocks for me and told me to drink up. I did and mirrored much of the same contortions in my mouth and eyes as I have demonstrated to Miles. Dad and Uncle Dave laughed hysterically at this site but it was one of the best times I ever had with the two of them.  
“Are you feeling awake yet;” Miles saying this with a smirk. 
“Yeah, awake and ready to brush my teeth,” saying this with a grin as Miles appeared to be in better spirits today. 
The rest of the day, Miles and I played cards and carved BACHTOS; these are wind instruments that look and sound similar to India’s Bansuri. I immediately thought of the Bansuri demonstration at a recital that I attended in college. Mine, of course, didn’t come out right but Miles BACHTOS worked beautifully. The sounds that came from it were hypnotizing and sacred. I initially used my failed attempt at making BACHTOS as a drum stick and beat the floor while he played. This didn’t last long though as I quickly preferred to just sit back and listen. Miles played for what seemed like hours. 
On Earth; Miles was this ‘Mr. Perfect,’ computer programmer guy that seemed great at everything he did. This didn’t seem to change much on ALVERON but I took delight in that he presently didn’t look so much better than me. 
Our day stuck in the BALLASTAH didn’t turn out so bad after all. Miles was a true entertainer as he demonstrated his three magic tricks for me. Two of them were pretty good but the third one needed some work. 
This brought a mischievous grin to my face as I thought, “Mr. Perfect isn’t so perfect after all.” 
I couldn’t be upset with Miles for being good at everything he did though. Miles numerous talents kept things interesting while we waited for the council to arrive; which I hoped would be tomorrow. The evening ended with a more upbeat story than the night before about a cute circus koala he’d seen ride a unicycle while juggling when Miles first arrived on Earth. I didn’t believe him as it sounded too impossible to be true but the way he told the story made my stomach hurt from laughter. He then played more BACHTOS music until softening each note till I fell asleep. 

As sweet and delicately the second night in the tree house ended; day three in the AVERWOODS began with excitement. Miles was shaking my arm. 
“William, wake up,” further nudging me out of a deep slumber that the alien couch had so effortlessly aided me in. 
“What’s going on Miles,” I asked, noticing that the sunlight was barely present through the window. 
“The plan has changed. We’ve got to get to the city this morning to meet the council---hurry;” Miles said as he stuffed a few items in his backpack and headed for the kitchen.
 Hurry was not part of my vocabulary this early in the morning. I needed to eat something, brush my teeth, splash some water on my face, comb my hair and maybe sit down and read something before I get out the door. I missed my computer and TV. Not having these things was one part of my day that I was still adjusting to. It would have been nice to know if the Knicks were playing competitive basketball and were still edging closer to first place in their division. Routines are hard to break and it almost takes being snatched by an alien to break these morning rituals that get a person going before the day begins. 
I slowly got up from the couch and stretch a big one out while yawning and Miles pops his head through the door, “Good; you’re up, I’ll meet you down by the transporter and hurry!” 
I managed to get to the bathroom and brush my teeth and hair; making myself at least somewhat presentable for the meeting that I knew nothing about. It was a good thing that all this was happening so quickly for me this morning because my nerves would have surely kicked in; causing those weak knees and butterflies I get before big presentations. I climbed out of the BALLASTAH but gave it one last look and thought about it as it would be the last time I’d set foot in here.
 Surely they’ll be ready to set me up in the city today, I thought. 
And so with that, I headed toward the path that led to the transporter. When I arrived, I saw Miles speaking into a device on the transporter, probably letting the council know we are on our way, I guessed. 
Miles looked up with a smile and said, “It’s about time sleepy head.” 
I smiled back and jokingly asked, “Hey; is there any way we can bring that couch with us to the city?” 
Miles gave a half nod to this and said, “Wait till you see what they have in the city. They’re setting you up really nice. They’re also going to give you the serum you’ve wanted since you got here.” 
I climbed in the transporter and we flew away. Over the trees we took flight, only this trip in the transporter was much more comfortable as the coat Miles brought, kept me warm. I reflected on the days spent in the BALLASTAH as we flew just above the tree line. Those few days I will never forget--- thinking: if I ever get back to Earth, would I be allowed to bring that couch from the BALLASTAH with me. I snickered a little at this. 
Then a loud popping noise came from the back of the transporter and I turned around to see flames and black smoke. Miles worked feverishly at the control panel, trying to get his communication device to respond but a series of blue electricity lines appeared and rendered the controls and everything else on the instrument panel dead. The transporter began to jerk around violently side to side until it just dropped from the sky toward a cluster of trees. I quickly tucked my glasses into a pocket in my pack as we descended and it didn’t take long before we found ourselves cutting through tree limbs that inevitably slowed our descent to the ground. The transporter stopped with a thud on a large tree limb but teetered as the weight of the transporter was too much for the limb to hold. The limb snapped, causing us to free fall even further but this time, with the huge tree limb attached to the transporter below us. I heard something as we headed toward the forest floor---water. I looked down and saw that we were headed toward a rapid moving river. 
The tree limb hit the water with a thunderous splash and we traveled downstream on rough and white rapids. The water was all around Miles and I as each of us could hear the other yelling when we edged closer to a giant waterfall. When we went over the edge, the tree limb separated from the transporter as we fell deep into the canyon of river water runoff. Miles and I separated ourselves from the transporter and dove into the water before the vehicle crashed into the rocks below. 
 I opened my eyes and despite my blurry vision, saw Miles struggling to free himself from a rock he caught his foot on at the bottom of the river. I swam up for air and then went under to free Miles. At this point, Miles was almost done in from the struggle and lack of air. I swam down to where he was and gave everything I had to lift the rock so Miles could swim free. He began to float toward the surface but needed my help to get there all the way. Both of our heads popped out of the water and we swam toward the river’s edge, pulling ourselves out. Every muscle in my body ached; especially in my neck. I looked at Miles and noticed blood gushing out from a cut below his left ear. I grabbed a corner of my coat and ripped it off. As awkward of a place it was he got cut, I managed to wrap it around his neck like a scarf and tie it. I knew this was a temporary fix and that he would need to get that stitched up. 
Other than the pain in my neck, I had some minor scrapes and bruises from the tree branches we hit on the way down. Both of us were out of breath. Neither Miles nor I could manage to say anything so we just laid there till the shock of what had just happened wore off. I noticed our packs that were caught in a cluster of rocks about fifty yards away. 
“My glasses,” I walked over there expecting the worst but when I pulled both packs out of the water and examined everything; my only pair of eyes and all the contents in the pack were still intact. 
“Thank God,” teeth rapidly battering as I said this. 
I walked over to where Miles was laying. “I’ve got to build a fire,” saying this as a gust of cold wind blew through my soaked clothes. 
I set Miles backpack next to him. 
Miles said, “Wait here, I’ll get one started for you.” 
I curled up in a ball and leaned against a giant rock to get shelter from the wind. Miles came back with some sticks and a few large pieces of wood. 
Miles had a fire going that any nature survivalist would’ve been proud of. After the fire warmed me up; Miles presented a new problem to me that had me on edge the rest of the day. 
“The ROTIANS will be feeding tonight. We have to get on high ground or in one of these trees before nightfall. You’re going to need to get dry before then because there will be no fire tonight.” 
I looked at Miles with an expression that would tell most people I’d been punched in the gut. The thought of spending the night in a tree somewhere in the cold sounded terrible but being eaten alive by a hoard of ROTIANS sounded worse. I thought of the blood on Miles neck and how they would surely smell it if they were near us. 
“We need to bury that dirty cloth covering your wound before nightfall too,” adding this but not sure it’d make a difference in the amount of attention we’d receive from the ROTIANS. 
“Right,” Miles agreeing.
After burying the cloth; we walked toward a tree that had a limb low enough for two short stubs like us to climb up. I really wished for my long legs and arms while I scaled the tree that would be our safety haven for the night. I was glad to be small when I reached our destination near the top of the tree that provided little wiggle room. The cold wind had gusts that were much stronger up here than down on the ground. Miles found a limb on the other side of mine. 
“Hey; the trunk seems to be blocking the wind on this side of the tree, let’s switch,” Miles offered.
I was all too happy to comply so Miles took my side and I took his. Our backs were against the trunk, both of us facing opposite directions. 

Chapter 7

The night that Miles and I had, now exposed in the AVERWOOD FOREST, was every bit the equal to our dreadful day earlier. The one positive I took from the whole ordeal was that Miles and I; save for the gash in Miles neck and a few scrapes and bruises on each of us, were alive to talk about the experience. 
Somehow; I had survived the first near death incident of my life on this alien planet. 
The new day didn’t go without a generous amount of gratitude and appreciative gestures from Miles, that I had in fact saved his life too. I tried to remind him of the importance of what building the fire meant to me and how incredibly thankful I was to have at least some cover from the wind; which seemed to hit the opposite side of the tree more, but he acted strangely to me---as if he had seen our friendship that started on Earth reach some new level here on ALVERON. I had noticed the stronger ties forming in our friendship too; there was a bond there and it would always link us, no matter how many years that might pass before talking again. 
I imagined soldiers who come home from traumatic events during wartime and years later reuniting in some bar and sharing a brief moment; a look or a nod which acknowledges another time in their lives. These events; of course, would never be discussed. So it was; at nearly twenty-four years old that I discovered my best friend, an alien from the planet STONIA. 
“Miles, will the council eventually find us in the AVERWOODS?” 
“It’s possible but unlikely,” Miles began; sounding a bit dejected from the thought. “You see, only a handful of ALVERONS even know you’re here. I’m sure they could put a massive rescue party together and look for us but that would draw a lot of unwanted attention. Also, there are spies living among the ALVERONS so everything about you William has to be handled quietly or your life will be in danger. Our best chance is to head back to the BALLASTAH and hope we get lucky or something; maybe the council will leave someone there in case we head back there or maybe,” he paused as if thinking on this more;“ I don’t know.” 
For the first time since I’d met Miles, he seemed uncertain; or maybe just shaken up by the whole thing. I wasn’t facing him so I couldn’t see his body language and I only had the sound of his voice to go on for any extra meaning in his words. 
“These are tough moments ahead of us William.” 
Miles began to sing a tune that was pretty in melody but the words were from his native tongue which had no meaning for my ears. 
“SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA EATCHE
SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA FETCHE
SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA EATCHE
SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA MEI BAHH”
Miles repeated these verses ten, maybe eleven times. His voice carried a tenor pitch well and I would say sounded angelic in the quiet AVERWOOD FOREST. The sun finally set and it was as pitch black as any night I’d experienced on Earth or ALVERON thus far. My eyes adjusted to the darkness but only a little. I heard movement below me at the foot of the tree and could see the ground moving. Then there were hundreds of them, maybe even thousands of the blood-sucking ROTIANS as I looked further into the woods. Tiny red eyes lit up the forest floor; all of them seeming to look directly at Miles and me. Their noses sniffed about feverishly causing a high pitched whistle noise that would make sleep that night impossible. I was already prepared for a lousy night of rest but this took it to a non-existent level. 
Miles spoke up over the devilish whistle that the ROTIANS were making, “Just remember the tune and words I sang before they appeared. While you’re doing this, think of your favorite memory, something from your childhood perhaps.” 
His words came as a rescue to me as my mind shifted from the fiery red coals below us and the tune from earlier replaced the awful noise coming from the nostrils of the ROTIANS. 
“SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA EATCHE
SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA FETCHE
SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA EATCHE
SCHA SCHA OHH BAADAA MEI BAHH”
As strange as it sounds, I drifted off into a meaningful rest, the last verse, “MEI BAHH,” brought a smile to my face before I slept. I was also unaware of the cannibalistic feedings that ROTIANS participate in once blood is not found for the evening and the high pitch screams from weaker ROTIANS fell on my deaf ears. 

I woke up the next morning not feeling quite as energized for the day as yesterday. If the aches from the crash weren’t enough, my night sleeping in a tree added twenty-five years of aches and joint pain to my bones. The cold air was merciless to my plight as I felt too stiff to climb down the tree. I managed anyway as the thought of walking around some gave me motivation. 
Miles didn’t seem to be experiencing any of the same affects as he jumped from a limb above the one I gingerly scaled down to get my feet closer to ground. In fact; upon closer examination of the cloth that had been put on Miles---after we buried the old one---it revealed a gash that had been nearly healed. 
“Miles, your wound, it is nearly healed,” saying this with astonishment. 
Miles looked up at me and paused a moment as if he were going through a quick edit before speaking, “The gash is the least of our worries today William. We need to try and find that BALLASTAH before the day is over. Are you able to walk?” 
I nodded but was somewhat annoyed that my curiosity about his quick heal had been ignored. This was an interesting revelation to me and I sought Miles’ explanation on the matter. 
We pressed on toward the river though and followed it in the direction opposite that our transporter had been heading---which was away from the sun. I figured Miles was probably looking for the canoe we left at the bank or perhaps the dead limb that we hid behind when the GARGIAN appeared. This thought reminded me of what Miles said about the GARGIAN and its natural draw to the water.
“Miles, if we stay too close to the river, won’t the GARGIAN have a better chance at finding us?” 
This drew a staggered look from Miles face and he said, “Yeah, you are right but I don’t know how else to find our BALLASTAH.  And if I didn’t say it before, be quiet and alert because if the GARGIAN sees us, we are finished.”
 “Even with your supernatural ability to heal Miles; would you be finished?” 
This didn’t get a response from Miles as he walked away so I followed, wondering why my second attempt to find out about this curious healing power had been ignored. Was Miles just a god or something? Could I be dead and this is some kind of adventure you get with a god before some kind of afterlife begins? I cracked a smile at this and thought of it no more for the rest of our walk in the AVERWOODS. 
We walked purposefully at a sound distance from the river, watchful for any familiarity but mindful of each sound made so to not alert the dangerous GARGIAN by the bank. The sun was directly above us and for the first time in a few days, I was ready to take clothing off. I wasn’t hot but felt warm enough to slip the coat past each arm and tie both sleeves in a knot in front of my belly so the somewhat now tattered coat stayed with me but around my waist. When it seemed like a few hours after I had done that, Miles stopped and pointed toward a small corridor in the river where the canoe was banked. Miles turned and looked at me, eyes big and finger lifted toward the mouth. I understood immediately, the GARGIAN was close; Miles backed up slowly toward the tree nearest to where we’d been standing and I copied his movement. I heard something from the trees ahead, a branch snapped and then silence. My heart felt like it was beating out of my chest. Miles crouched low to the ground and I followed. His head turned in each direction, hoping to spot the creature before it spotted us; or maybe it had already and was waiting to pounce on one of us at the right moment. 
I wished I was a lion instead of a human at that moment; one of the most ferocious of beasts on Earth and thinking strangely in a moment as intense as this one, could a lion kill a GARGIAN? 
Miles finally spotted it in the water. The GARGIAN made his way out of the water and walked toward the canoe. The water drenched the monsters thick coat; making it appear darker and more menacing than the image from a few days ago. I kept a watchful eye on it, knowing that we weren’t out of danger yet. Man, this thing was ugly, nasty, scary and really hairy. On looks alone, the GARGIAN was more terrifying than the lion. However, it seemed to have some intelligence too---as the GARGIAN canoed down the river. 
When the GARGIAN was no longer in sight, Miles slowly crept toward the river and began crossing it. I was right behind him when suddenly the GARGIAN was back in sight. It had spotted Miles and was paddling at an extremely rapid pace for something heading upstream. 
Miles yelled, “Get out of here William! Get out of here now!” 
He continued to cross the river as I was still on the side we had started. I paused, not sure what to do. 
Miles screamed at me this time, “Run!” 
I began to run in the opposite direction of Miles, into the forest, dodging trees and jumping over logs. Running and not sure where I was running to---but fast as my shorter legs would allow. I kept moving for what seemed like a half hour till I reached an opening in the forest. I fell down to the ground, body shaking while trying to catch my breath. My knees were shaking uncontrollably at this point as adrenaline kicked in and had taken over my body. I was all alone now, millions or probably billions of miles away from home in a strange land that required Miles to navigate through. After finally catching my breath, I decided it best to briskly walk toward the river but this time, try and cross it near the place we had started today. This would at least put me on the same side of the forest that the BALLASTAH was on, possibly increasing any chance of triggering an image in the woods that would lead me to the BALLASTAH. 
With any luck, Miles would be there, waiting by the fire for me. I had to move quickly, knowing another night in the open woods meant an uncomfortable situation in a tree somewhere. I was certain Miles was alright but I worried that he’d put himself in a dangerous situation with the GARGIAN to save my life. Miles seemed different today, like the sound judgment attached to his personal decision tree had been rocked by yesterday’s events. 
The day wore on and the sun was making its gradual descent; telling me based on the few days I’d been on ALVERON that nightfall would be upon me. I thought about crossing the river but decided against it as I knew another night in a tree and exposed to the sight of those little red eyes, was becoming a real possibility. I didn’t need the added stress of getting wet and needing to build a fire. I thought about the song Miles sang and particularly the words. 
“SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA EATCHE
SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA FETCHE
SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA EATCHE
SCHA SCHA OHH BAADAA MEI BAHH”
Of course, my singing voice fell flat compared to Miles’ angelic tenor but it still helped release the stress. I kept walking through a thick area of trees, trying to find one that I could attempt to climb and as luck would have it; which mine seemed to be pretty bad at the moment; there was not a single tree with a limb low enough to climb. 
This seemed so easy yesterday. Why was I having issues finding one? Panic began to set in as the woods got darker. I began to imagine the ROTIAN creatures, with their red, beady eyes terrorizing me and razor blade teeth, tearing the flesh off my body as I watched. They would fight for sections to drain the blood from me until I was completely bone dry. I began to wonder how many gallons of blood I have and how long it would take for a hoard of ROTIANS to drain me. 
It’s too bad for them that I’m mini-me at the moment. A crooked smile appeared on my face. 
I finally came upon a tree that had the lowest limb I’d seen so far. It wasn’t going to be easy to reach it but I had to try. Then something caught my eye just before I gave the tree a bear hug and attempted to scale it. Beyond this tree, about one hundred meters, I saw a rope ladder. I rubbed my eyes thinking; AVERWOOD forest mirage? I approached the image and rubbed my glasses one last time. Sure enough, it is a rope ladder. I ran to it and just at the right time---as I began to here the faint whistle sniff that told me an army of ROTIANS was near. I approached the ladder and climbed without hesitation. 
It ran parallel to probably the tallest tree in that area. Dense foliage covered my view of where the ladder would lead but I continued to climb; stepping on each rung of the crude ladder carefully so as to not give the ROTIANS below a surprise snack. I ascended further to a height greater than the tree residence that I had stayed at during my first two evenings and looked up to find only more ladder rungs and tree branches. The tree branches were peculiar up here as the ends seemed to be twisting around the rope and then into the rope; until finally the ladder steps were attached to the branches that pointed up in succession. The ladder seemed stronger up here; not as flimsy as the lower half and unexpectedly each step up was quickened without thought. 
Now I was among only a few trees and could see some cloud cover. My legs were tired but I pressed forward wondering when this ladder would end and what was at the top of it. I climbed more until the ladder and the tree it was attached to was the only thing in sight as clouds covered everything below me. This tree is as tall as a mountain, making a mental observation and noticing the somewhat thinner breathing air. I looked around in all directions at this point as the panoramic view at this great height was magnificent. The forest stretched beyond a distance I was able to see. The trunk and branches were still very dense and it began to frustrate me that no destination was yet in sight. I was very cold and tired from the climb but had no other options at this point. 
Part of me thought about climbing down and setting up on one of the thick limbs below but I just couldn’t shake what was an intense curiosity at this point. I had to see what was on the other end of this ladder. At this thought, I looked up, just hoping to see something through the clouds and tree foliage and there was something. It looked like a house; similar in looks---at least from the bottom, to the BALLASTAH that Miles and I stayed at. The ladder would lead me directly to a door at the bottom of this house; specifically, a small wooden door that was presently closed. 
Excited at my new discovery; I ignored the soreness in my shoulders and thighs and the pace with which I was climbing picked up so that my foot had clumsily slipped a few times off a rung. At least get to the door Baxter--- thinking about the long fall that I had already survived in the transporter. I finally reached the door and gave a firm knocked on it, despite being completely exhausted. 
When no one answered; I banged on it saying, “Please, let me in; I’ve come a very long way to get here, Please!” 
I looked down and said in an undertone, “A very long way.” 
I hadn’t noticed it initially but there was a thin covering on the door that soon slid open and revealed a peak out hole whereby finally two solid white eyeballs appeared. I locked eyes with the stranger on the other side of that door who was looking down on me. 
I heard a voice from the other side of that door say in a mostly gurgled tone, “You have come a long way; I’d say a very long way William Baxter.” 
The peep hole shut, “Wait, how do you know my name?” 
A few seconds passed and the entire door opened. Warm air hit my face as an amber glow illuminated the night sky. 
I didn’t initially see the stranger but his voice cut the silence when he called out, “Please come in quickly.” 
I climbed into the dwelling and saw the stranger for the first time; sitting in an enormous, thickly wooden high-back chair. Next to the stranger was a chocolate Labrador; which stuck me to appear bizarre on this alien planet. The dog’s mouth was open; breathing heavy and tongue unassumingly out like a red welcome mat. I slowly pulled my legs in. 
I perceived the gurgle sound in his voice was getting better when the stranger said; “The dog won’t bite. She is actually the only dog in the LOMMETRUS galaxy---a friendly Earth creature; and was a must have during my recent visit to your planet. Please; sit down and make yourself comfortable.” 
The individual appeared as something different than anyone I’d seen here on ALVERON. He was medium height and had a slight build with thinning white hair and effervescent white eyes. His skin was brown and gritty, like sand paper but also seemed to have a sparkling quality to it. I noticed his hands that looked out of place with his slender body as they looked strong and meaty. The Labrador pressed her nose under the stranger’s hand, initiating a petting movement from her master. He wore a black cloak that shimmered and strangely reflected light from the fire next to him. 
He spoke again to me, this time with a clearest tone yet, “I have not opened that door for a stranger in a thousand years.” 
This astonished me for an instant. 
I then answered back, “Mister; you’re the stranger---you know my name but I don’t know yours. How did you or rather how do you know me?” 
The stranger smiled, “That’s correct William, I haven’t introduced myself to you; my name is CHANAH. You must forgive me; I haven’t seen or talked to very many life forms; other than my trees and my dog MAXIE of course”---his head now turning toward the dog---“in many, many decades.”
“You are hungry---yes? Please stay for some supper. I can prepare for you some of my delicious SORPOMPEAU stew.”
 I was a bit overwhelmed but managed to find my manners in this confusion and say, “Thank You, CHANAH---is it? Thank you---that sounds great.” 
CHANAH sprang up and went to his kitchen where I heard sounds of clinging or the noisy evidence that busy fingers were at work in a kitchen and then soon a sweet aroma followed. I replayed the last several hours of my day. Within minutes, CHANAH appeared with a modest looking bowl and spoon. 
My stomach responded with a growl and CHANAH chimed teasingly, “You better get this down quickly.” 
I received the bowl and tentatively ate the first spoonful. Automatically I grinned and then the sound of a spoon clicking against the bowl as I ate with gusto would precede my request for more SORPOMPEAU. I did this with some embarrassment after two more bowls but CHANAH seemed delighted at this sight. 
When my belly was full, the host exclaimed, “Humans ability to enjoy the simple pleasures in life have always fascinated me.” 
I was now a little embarrassed at how hurriedly I inhaled my supper. CHANAH gave me a pat on my back.  
It’s curious but CHANAH was keen on making me feel comfortable in this new place. He threw a blanket around me as I was eating and gave me something to drink that sent a warm feeling to my stomach. It wasn’t long before I felt completely at ease with my gracious host. We began to talk.
 “Thank you for letting me into your home and giving me something to eat and drink. I’m not sure I’ve had a better meal in my life---really.” 
CHANAH’s hand waved at this and with a warm grin said, “William, it has been my pleasure to have you here.” 
I nodded and repeated the question I’d wanted to know since I got here, “How do you know my name CHANAH?” 
CHANAH sat back, as if to ponder this question before proceeding and then started; “William; you will have to excuse me as I carry on from the beginning. Tens of thousands of years ago, my ancestors received a gift from what they simply called; the great BEING, who was more powerful than anyone of that day could possibly fathom. Now this gift was a special covenant; a rare agreement between this great BEING and some other life form. This covenant or gift came with a supernatural power to see all things but also a great responsibility. In your language William, my ancestors became known by the plain people of simpler days as the ‘the majestic shepherds.’”
 While I was familiar with the term; or at least, understood the symbolism---this confused me so I asked CHANAH, “The grand shepherds; what does that mean? Like real shepherds tending a flock of sheep in a pasture somewhere?” 
CHANAH made a motion with his hand and materializing from the vacant space between him and me; suddenly, an image of my parents appeared. The image was clear; like watching television or movie projection---except without a screen. They were sitting at their breakfast table; dad was engrossed in the business section of their daily newspaper and drinking a cup of coffee. The old man studied the commodities report on agriculture and livestock religiously. Mom was also drinking a cup of coffee but was doing one of her puzzles in the paper. 
“You see William, like my ancestors before me, I can see everything. I can watch everybody. I am also guardian of this great power---a watcher of all life and I’ve been watching you for some time now. I was; in fact, told to watch you, I wasn’t sure why but did so because the BEING instructed me to. I am now certain of the BEING’s reason for watching you William but you are far from home; in a land you don’t belong in.” 
CHANAH paused at this, “It is through no fault of yours or Miles for that matter; that you have arrived here in the LOMMETRUS GALAXY.” 
CHANAH was speaking slower at this point, pausing as if contemplating on the right word usage for this explanation. “I…I tried to prevent the….council’s attempt in bringing you here. It was….;” CHANAH paused a long moment and I almost spoke when he finished what he was trying to say; “me in that lit office on the seventeenth floor; on that final day before Miles snatched you away. I thought if I could protect you from the council’s plan then you’d be safe.” 
I was still watching the image of my parents as CHANAH spoke; longing to speak with them immediately, wishing at that moment I was with them instead of here on ALVERON. The eerie experience that day didn’t match up with the kind and seemingly gentle CHANAH. I couldn’t think of anything to say or ask except, “Can you send me back to Earth CHANAH?”
 CHANAH shook his head. “Now that you are here William, I will not be allowed to help you with that. It has been decided---this is a journey you will have to take.” 
The image of my parents disappeared.
 “Your path is set William and unfortunately by no decision or decisions from you but the careless actions of others in this world. You will be at the very least, an integral bystander to important events this world and maybe your world observes. The decisions are now in your hands and those choices will determine which path you end up on at the end of this journey.” 
CHANAH’s cryptic language only produced more questions in my mind but I didn’t ask them. I was trying to figure out what I wanted to ask first when something new that CHANAH presented caught my attention. CHANAH went on, “You are not the only human in the LOMMETRUS GALAXY; there is another, the one the council is really after.”
“Who is he or…she;” leaning forward and astonished at this new revelation. 
CHANAH looked at me and leaned forward as well, “Sonya Meyers; and she was brought here; albeit through deception, to save you.” 
I couldn’t believe my ears as that name left CHANAH’s mouth. Why would Sonya Meyers rescue me? What on Earth could motivate her to do such a dangerous thing? I laughed, unsure how to handle this piece of information. We are just coworkers; I mean, she’s kind of been a mentor to me and I’d consider her one of my few friends at work but this went way above and beyond; I paused at this astonishing thought to examine it more. 
“You said CHANAH; that the council is really after her--- why was I involved in all of this then?” 
CHANAH looked into the distance with a saddened expression---perhaps at an image that was not revealed to me---and he spoke, “There is a lot that you don’t know about Sonya Meyers. She has suffered great tragedy in her life, something that no parent… it should not have happened;” CHANAH paused at this. 
“The tragedy has given her a special inspiration to save you. The ALVERON’S are aware of Sonya’s past by way of information revealed through their own; albeit, somewhat limited watcher’ and knew Sonya would respond to the method of you being kidnapped by aliens. The plan was working to perfection until you and Miles had your transporter accident.”
“What is it they want Sonya to do?” 
CHANAH’s eyes came alive as he said, “Wait a minute William, I’m getting to that.” 
I sat back in my chair as CHANAH continued, “Nearly two centuries ago, the LOMMETRUS galaxy was peaceful and it had been this way for many centuries. All twelve of the planets played a role in this peaceful existence. There were no major or minor planets as they all lived as absolute equals. In fact, it was quite a common thing to see intermarriage between an ALVERON or STONIAN and a NOBIAN or WEGOAN. Strategy often came into play among the leaders as these marriages made trading among the planets easier. It was just good business to marry off a daughter or son to an equal trading partner from another planet. This was the way for thousands of centuries and was spectacular to watch because these were such peaceful times,” CHANAH said this with a warm expression on his face. 
CHANAH went on, “As I mentioned before, this was so until nearly two hundred years ago, until a scientist from ALVERON made a fantastic discovery. He built a machine that could manipulate weather. His intentions were good as he built the great machine to help farmers produce better crops during dry seasons and this did; in fact, benefit the farmers and the many people in the galaxy. The scientist really had no evil motives for the machine he built and proudly handed it over to the ALVERON leaders to share with the rest of the galaxy. It just so happened at the time of the weather machine discovery that a WEGOAN male and the daughter of an ALVERON leader were arranged for marriage. Unbeknown to the WEGOAN male’s father and to the ALVERON leader, the WEGOAN son had secretly eloped with a NOBI woman. The son was too afraid to tell his father this and the wedding plans were made for him to marry the ALVERON girl. The ALVERON daughter and her father were humiliated when the WEGOAN son just didn’t show up for the wedding. The daughter was devastated by this as word travelled through the galaxy about what had happened. The WEGOAN son settled with his new NOBI bride on her native planet for a time; hoping that the angry ALVERON leader would forget him. You see, the WEGOAN son kept running away from this conflict until it built up into something greater than he or anyone could have imagined. The ALVERON leader never forgot, even after his daughter married a STONIAN and lived happily on STONIA. The anger built in the ALVERON leader as the years went on. What also increased was his role as a leader. His influence had become great and he became the most important decision maker on the newly formed ALVERON council. One night, several months after his STONIAN son-in-law had passed away from his battle with the DRICKONSION illness, his daughter wept in his arms, recalling all the bad things that had happened to her in this life. She listed, of course, the embarrassing moment in front of all her friends and family, something she carried with her as well. The father tried to console her but his anger swelled up inside him, remembering that day vividly but this memory was also slightly skewed by the years of hatred for the WEGOAN boy. Anyway, this final blow; the death of her husband, it overwhelmed her. The next morning she was found dead--- next to a dozen scattered SCHOENCOTH pills meant for use in small dosages to rest but deadly when overdosed. The ALVERON grieved with anger burning inside at this point.” 
I was astonished at this final detail CHANAH had shared. I began to realize that these aliens weren’t strangers to the similar tragedies that occurred on my planet. Personal grief, disappointment, embarrassment and anger were human words but feelings that could exist billions of miles from Earth. 
It was still not understood why Sonya and I were involved in all this so I listened more as CHANAH spoke, “The ALVERON leader searched for the WEGOAN man that rejected his daughter all those years ago. He found him on WOCO; he was a farmer you see, a plain farmer that moved his family from NOBI to create a better life. He was becoming quite successful at this trade too as farmers from WOCO appreciate the planet’s richly mineral laden soil. WOCO is the leading exporter of crops for the entire galaxy because of this. The WEGOAN had matured and always felt bad for being such a coward all those years ago but never made any effort to apologize to the ALVERON man and his daughter---thinking that time had probably healed the whole situation and he was all but a distant memory to both of them. Meanwhile, the ALVERON man began to exert his influence on other council members. He would argue, ‘Why should ALVERON be forced to pay these outrageous prices for the crops that the insignificant planet WOCO charges? Why don’t we exercise some of our own power to create a more competitive advantage in pricing? Maybe the other planets would follow as they become fearful of ALVERON’s scientific power to influence. It’s time ALVERON took its place at the front of the line. We are different, not like the rest of these planets that toil with physical means to earn a living. We are smarter; superior to a planet like WOCO.’ Another council member would ask; ‘What is it that you have in mind?’ The ALVERON leader had the group’s full attention at this point and he charted out the most evil plan that the galaxy would ever know. ‘Eliminate them with the weather machine,’ the ALVERON exclaimed. This idea was well received among the council members. They would start with the WOCO planet, creating horrific winds and hail storms that easily destroyed villages and they specifically targeted the WEGOAN farmer and his family. Once the ALVERON’s revenge was handed out toward the farmer though; this really became a secondary motive as his power to change things intoxicated the ALVERON leader. In fact, the entire council fell under this spell and soon proceeded to use the weather machine on other planets; including WEGOAN and NOBI. The ALVERON planet had officially declared war on the other planets, save for a few powerful alliances formed between STONIA, EPHIA and VECILOI. These three planets and ALVERON soon became known as the major planets; they were now the ones in charge while the other eight served as slave planets in the galaxy. ” 
I now saw why Miles wasn’t comfortable talking about the minor planets in the space ship. Was Miles ashamed at the past and present actions of his home planet? Did he lie to me about his government and their intentions for me or was he too; left out of the loop. I couldn’t imagine Miles betraying me; after all, we are friends, right. CHANAH explained some of the horrific means of control the ALVERONS used by way of technological advances that the other planets never developed. 
“Additionally William, there had been an underground brotherhood of ALVERONS, STONIANS, EPHIANS and VECILOIS that soon manifested themselves into leadership positions when the chance arrived to influence how their planets received the new slave labor from the minor planets. ALVERON received most of the benefits; meaning, the majority of the minor planets but the other three were equally given an entire planet to have their dirty work done for them. ALVERON gladly shared their control technology with the other three. Now ALVERON had five minor planets or slave colonies they controlled; NOBI, WEGOAN, WOCO, NACINN and ODEPHIS; STONIA has CLEVIA; VECILOI has RIMEAUS and EPHIA has OCKTORON. Now, fast forward a century to present day; the ALVERONS cleverly devised a plan to lure Sonya here by having Miles bring you to ALVERON; whereby, creating a reason that Sonya would leave with another alien to save you. It is an ALVERON woman that is bringing Sonya here, you see. Once the council had Sonya, they were going to use you as motivation to get Sonya to participate in their evil scheme.” 
The motivation part still puzzled me but I continued to listen.
“In plain words; ‘we will kill William if you don’t do as we say,’” CHANAH said.   
I wished at that moment Miles had been with me to discuss these things with CHANAH. Then my mind shifted as I became curious on why the ALVERON’S chose Sonya. 
“What do the ALVERONS want Sonya to do?” 
CHANAH pulled a piece of GLYSTIN from his pocket and asked; “William, how much do you know, I mean really know about this metal?”
 I had to confess to CHANAH that I didn’t know much if anything about it other than my admiration for its beauty. CHANAH shook his head and continued; “Would you like to know about the metal---why it seems to have a life quality to it that is unmatched by any metal?” 
I was drawn to what seemed like CHANAH being mysterious about his own question. I nodded my head and said; “Yes, please tell me.” 
“The metal, William, is in fact an alien bacterium which is congealed by the FLASCHIN process. It was believed that this FLASCHIN process couldn’t be reversed. I fear the ALVERON council has found a way to reverse the process, making GLYSTIN a dangerous weapon against any planet that chooses to buy or trade for the GLYSTIN metal.” 
The evil plan by the ALVERONS was beginning to take shape in my mind; “So if the ALVERONS have someone with the reputation of a Sonya Meyers to sell this; metal or alien bacteria, to the people of Earth---then they could conceivably use this reverse FLASCHIN method to control the planet once enough of it is used by humans.” 
CHANAH spoke; “You see William, your Earth could indeed be a test case for the rest of the planets in other galaxies.” 

Chapter 8

CHANAH set me up on his couch for the night--- it of course was every bit as comfortable as the one I slept on only a few days ago. My body had quickly grown accustomed to the comforts of the alien chairs as well as the couches and I was all too glad that night at CHANAH’S; happy to not be stuck in some tree outside with ROTIANS looking up at me. I lay there as my thoughts surrounded Miles. I just couldn’t believe he was or could be on the wrong side of all this. Miles was too smart to be fooled but this ALVERON council sounded very clever too. How could they have known Sonya so well? Their plan had been executed to perfection at this point and I began to wonder if I or anybody for that matter had any chance at stopping the ALVERONS execute their plan to completion. I also wondered where Miles was tonight. Was he safe from the GARGIAN monster that chased us earlier today? 
I then thought about my new friend CHANAH and how far his power could be used to help me. Also; tomorrow---I will need to find Miles and figure out how much of the ALVERON council’s plans he knew. I wrestled with this idea for most of the night; trying to get some sleep but my worst fears about Miles would surface and bring me to think on every worst case scenario I could imagine. 
The darkness was at its fullest when a voice came to my still conscious state, “Miles is in danger; your friend needs your help.” 
I sat up; initially doubting that I had heard a voice but it came to me again, “Your true friend Miles needs you at this moment more than ever---now go!” 
I looked around to see if CHANAH was there but I was alone. I got up and readied myself for the long descent to the forest floor; as if I was in an almost routine state of mind. I grabbed my backpack and was nearly over the small hatch on the floor when I heard CHANAH’S voice and then turned around and saw him sitting in the chair as he had been when I first entered the dwelling. 
“You have much bravery and loyalty human but that is no match for the hoards of ROTIANS that stalk the ground during this time of night.”
 I knew he was right but I was convinced by the voice in the dark that I needed to do something soon or Miles would be gone forever. 
“My friend; Miles, needs me. I have to do something.” 
CHANAH nodded his head in agreement and said, “Travelling at night is only for the birds of the air. Please come with me and I’ll show you a better way.” 
CHANAH got up from his chair and walked toward a room that was suddenly illuminated with glimmering of fire on candle sticks fashioned from the GLYSTIN metal. There was a door on the ceiling that CHANAH pulled down with a rope and a staircase of steps unfolded to reveal a passage onto the roof. A burst of cold wind hit my face. 
Then CHANAH invited me to the roof, “Come; let’s see if we can find you suitable passage for your trip to the GARGIAN lair.”
 I looked up into the darkness as CHANAH said this and suddenly I didn’t feel as brave as CHANAH proclaimed me to be only a few moments before. I took the first step toward the roof and with each movement going forward, my resolve to save Miles gained momentum until I was standing next to CHANAH on his roof. Longs strands of his thin white hair blew wildly across his face as he approved of my presence with him on the roof after a long stare toward the vast expanse of the AVERWOOD forest. 
“We’ll need to get a PUNDGER bird which is large enough to transport us to the GARGIAN lair.” 
The sage pulled out a tiny whistle that I surmised; after seeing CHANAH’S name carved on the instrument, had been crafted by his own hands. 
He handed it to me and said, “Give the whistle a good wind to make it chirp, William.” 
I took the instrument from CHANAH and just like he instructed; I gave it a blow that could have put out fifty birthday candles but no sound was produced. I did it again but nothing seemed to come out that resembled a noise for this PUNDGER bird to hear. I handed it back to CHANAH---not sure what to do or say but then my eyes locked in on a large figure that approached us from above. 
 “Hello old friend,” CHANAH said. 
The creature circled us a few times as I examined its features. The long and sharp talons had a menacing quality but then I took notice of the bird’s array of blue and grey feathers---which were on full display as the PUNDGER extended its wings. One of the feathers dropped from the sky toward me as the bird neared the roof. I measured the length of the feather---almost cradling it between my hand and the bend at my elbow. I looked up at the exposed underbelly; mesmerized by the profound golden colored hair which seamlessly illuminated the night sky directly below. 
 “Such beauty in this creature,” I said while holding the feather to my face. 
The PUNDGER bird then landed on CHANAH’S roof and looked down at CHANAH and me. Its grayish-blue eyes then pierced through the darkness and at me.  
A noise came from it; “SQUAHHHKE,” which was then followed by a series of chirps and CHANAH responded, “It has been a long time.” 
This made me laugh to myself. I was puzzled at this communication between the creature and the alien. My astonishment was steadily eroding though and I shrugged my shoulders. 
 “So does the PUNDGER know where this GARGIAN lair is located,” sounding more indifferent than I had intended?  
CHANAH looked at me with surprise but talked in a hushed tone; “She will take us to her nest which is near the lair. Once we’ve reached the nest, you will go to the lair and I will wait for your return in the nest.” 
I was hoping for a better plan like---this giant bird will just kill the GARGIAN, save Miles and then take us back to CHANAH’S place where we’ll all have a good laugh over this business and an even better night of sleep. I wasn’t feeling too sure about going into this lair by myself but CHANAH insisted that he and the giant PUNDGER bird couldn’t interfere any further and time was running out for Miles to be saved. The aged but spry CHANAH climbed effortlessly up the bird and extended his hand to grab mine. CHANAH pulled me up and away we went; through the night sky, swooping between the tops of AVERWOOD’S tallest trees and flying in and around wispy fog cover. Over a magnificent waterfall we flew that was lit by the full moon in the sky. Save for the chilly ice droplets that occasionally hit my face; the moment was magical. Looking down and in all directions; I could see miles upon miles of trees, something I hadn’t grasped until now and I nearly forgot what the end of this fantastic ride meant for me when suddenly; after soaring over a peak, an oversize nest came into view. 
That nervous feeling I get in my stomach began tugging at me and I started to wonder if going into this monsters lair was a good idea. I couldn’t get that voice out of my head that urged me to rescue Miles; ‘your true friend Miles needs you at this moment more than ever---now go!’ My true friend---and friends were something I was short on in this world so I had to protect one of the few I had, no matter how dangerous it was. 
The PUNDGER landed in its nest and I quickly slid down the side of it to begin this new adventure before I changed my mind. 
CHANAH spoke in a hushed tone; “the GARGIAN is just up ahead. You will see his fire when you reach the ground but be careful as there are ROTIAN traps near. You’ll notice a pile of black rocks that will make you aware of the GARGIAN’S lair entrance. Be careful when entering because the GARGIAN is a master at coming toward someone when they least expect it.” 
This added forewarning by CHANAH only decreased my confidence in staying alive but I thanked him and the PUNDGER bird for their help anyway and began to scale down the tree that held this oversize nest. I could hear CHANAH say something in a muffled tone to the PUNDGER bird as my head; now, disappeared from their view. As I got closer to the ground, I halfway expected a hoard of ROTIAN creatures to be licking their sharp teeth at the possibility of human blood on tap but nearing the forest floor---no ROTIAN could be seen. My feet hit the ground and I headed in the direction CHANAH pointed. Within one hundred yards; the black rocks that the old sage spoke of, were in sight. The firelight was dim just beyond these rocks and the whole area seemed out of place in this forest. I approached cautiously toward the pile of rocks. The midnight black rock formation I rubbed my hand over was smooth and shiny. They looked similar to molten rocks found near volcanoes. I stepped into the cavern that was just past the rock formation. The heat of the place was warmer than any moment spent on ALVERON so far. 
Beads of sweat began dripping from my forehead; not sure if they were from the heat or nerves warning me to just quit and go back. Maybe it was a little of both but I continued. I crept closely to the wall that I quickly noticed was too hot to touch with my bare hands. I was walking down the dimly lit corridor when a split in the path forced me to choose. 
Should I go right or left? 
A shadow movement caught my eye to the right but then a scream of agony echoed and alerted me toward the left passageway. It was Miles and I quickened my pace as I continued my descent toward his scream. The echo in the cavern was bone-chilling and I couldn’t reach Miles fast enough at this point. I finally reached a large cavity where Miles and three ROTIANS with collars came into view. Miles was bound; hands behind his back and feet tied while the ROTIANS were each on their own chain that attached to their collars. The blood-sucking creatures had enough slack to nibble on Miles bare toes. At this point, I grabbed a torch that was mounted to the wall and fought the creatures off. They were relentless as blood dripped from their mouths and each of them snarled at me with evil intent. I dropped the torch just in front of Miles feet to deter them while I untied him. Miles was still screaming but not nearly as intense as before. When Miles was finally untied, I grabbed at the torch but just as I reached for it; one of the ROTIANS lunged at me. Its claws managed to put a gash in my arm before the chain it was hooked up to yanked the savage monster back. 
I left the torch and immediately went to Miles, picking him up and putting his arm around my neck. 
“Come on; let’s get the hell out of here.” 
Miles was weak from loss of blood but managed to nod his head in agreement; keeping up with me while we headed up the corridor. The tubular hallway that led out of the cavern seemed longer coming out. I was afraid the GARGIAN would jump out in a split moment and capture both of us for his torture pleasure. The GARGIAN; however, never appeared and we had safe travel out of the lair. I was never so relieved to be outside when we reached the lair’s opening and I pulled Miles in the direction of the tree that I hoped my PUNDGER bird rescuer would be waiting. After one hundred yards of dragging Miles; I reached an area where that tree should have been. To my amazement; it was gone. This hadn’t been a miscalculation on my part had it? I looked up; hoping to see something familiar but nothing looked the same. 
I heard heavy footsteps behind us and I dragged Miles into the woods, hoping if the GARGIAN was following us, he’d rethink it---knowing the ROTIANS would soon surround the area and attack without preference. This must have been what was on the GARGIAN’S mind too because when I turned around; nothing was behind us and the heavy footsteps ceased. 
However, I heard the most unnerving voice call out behind me and with a taunting tone in his voice the GARGIAN said,” Your stench will lead me to you human and by morning---both of your skins will be mine. I’m going to peal every inch of flesh off your body and give the ROTIANS the rest. Do you hear me human? Your skin will be mine!” 
So, the GARGIAN speaks? This new unnerving revelation somehow made him more dangerous to me if we got captured. My attention quickly shifted and focused on getting Miles up in a tree. I slid my back pack off and put it on Miles. I had to hurry because the sniffing sounds of bloodthirsty ROTIANS were near us. I found a crooked tree that was a picture of sadness but suitable for a climb with Miles on my back. The climb up proved to be a brutal test of my capacity to deal with pain. I scaled the tree as my biceps and shoulders were feeling the burn but we did finally reached an area where resting was possible. It wasn’t terribly high and I worried about the morning when the GARGIAN would easily spot us but it delayed any harm to us for the time being. 
Then a gang of larger ROTIANS surrounded the tree; sounding off that horrid sniffing noise and staring at both of us with tiny red eyes. Their teeth showed evidence of blood stains; a fresh kill of some new ravaged animal perhaps? There was also dampness of splattered blood on the long prickly hairs of the largest ROTIANS. Then the stench of death fluttered in the air toward my nostrils. The night was cool enough to see the rapid sniffing of breath being taken in by the monsters and their hot air pushed out as they stared up at me.   
Miles was coming in and out; occasionally mumbling something about the crashed transporter but I couldn’t piece it together. I realized some of the trickling blood from Miles feet was dripping to the base of the tree which sent the ROTIAN creatures in a frenzy mode. They nearly climbed over each other to reach each drop before the other. I tore more of my coat which seem tattered and useless at this point anyway and wrapped Miles foot tightly. I then wrapped my arm with what was left and threw the remains of coat at the ROTIAN monsters. This distracted them for a moment but their attention quickly focused back toward Miles and me in the tree. 
How much blood would it take to get these nasty devils away from our tree, I thought? Then a wicked thought surfaced to consciousness about a few of my enemies from high school and a couple of the jerks from Sorenson and Lankford. I imagined a photograph taken of me up here in this tree with these ROTIAN monster below and making a postcard from that photo that I would send to each of them with the message; ‘I Wish You Were Here Instead Of Me!’ 
They couldn’t be here though. Nobody could be here because I was stuck on this alien planet, light years away someone who’d give any thought about me. My wicked thoughts turned to sorrow and my eyes got soggy with tears thinking about my inevitable demise in the morning when the GARGIAN would find us and torture Miles--- then me, until finally, as Miles warned, we’d beg for death. I contemplated falling toward the legion of ROTIANS instead of delaying the misery any further. My mind was in a dark place; grasping for hope that wasn’t there. I put down my head on the tree limb and looked up, hoping to fall asleep and find myself in a better place. 
The stars were numerous in the night sky. I never counted more stars in a sky than at this moment of darkness---this was saying something when you consider the small farm I grew up on and the opportunities for star gazing were numerous. Was it appropriate my last night of living would reveal such a splendid starry night? I couldn’t remember appreciating anything more in my young life than that glimmer of palatable magnificence. Was this a final gift that God showed everyone before death? I was never religious nor did I give much thought to an afterlife. The BEING that CHANAH spoke of came to mind. I was being tugged in two directions, that is, the recognizable hell below me, and the beauty of this heavenly sky above. 
My concentration on this thought was then interrupted when CHANAH and the PUNDGER bird swooped down and landed on a huge limb that was hanging on the next tree. Relief came showering through me and out of my lungs as I now felt saved from the ROTIANS and the GARGIAN. CHANAH’S white eyes narrowed toward the cowering ROTIAN creatures. Now, it could have been from exhaustion or my mind playing tricks on me but those white eyes seemingly shot out beams of brilliant light toward the beasts. The unsteady red blobs of eyes briefly locked with CHANAH’S but then the ROTIANS retreated toward the dense forest and disappeared from sight. 
“Com’ on, let’s get out here;” CHANAH urging me as I grabbed Miles and threw him over my shoulder. 
This extra burst of strength surprised me. I was ready to get back to CHANAH’S and had no problem climbing the magnificent bird and setting Miles on it securely. The bird flapped its wings and within a few seconds, we were high in the heavens. 
My arms and hands were shaking and CHANAH took notice of this; put one of his hands on mine, and offered some heartening words; “William, you were very brave tonight. Miles is lucky to have a friend like you.” 
I looked over at Miles who was still knocked out from the shock. I thought about thanking CHANAH and the PUNDGER bird for coming back and saving us but then I wondered why they left. I ended up not saying anything, just accepting that I was rescued from certain death by both of them. We reached CHANAH’S and for the second time that evening, I was standing on his now cloud-covered roof. I pulled Miles off who was beginning to come out of his unconscious state and waited for CHANAH to lead us down into the living quarters. CHANAH leaned forward and whispered something at the PUNDGER bird who immediately flew away and that was the last time I saw the magnificent creature that aided me in saving Miles as well as my life. 
At that moment; I wished I’d at least said thank you. My hand went into the air in a half hearted measure as if to wave but the bird quickly became a dot in the sky and CHANAH was now down into the room below me with Miles. I made my way down the staircase where the sight of CHANAH, Miles and CHANAH’S excited Labrador---with tail wagging enthusiastically and eyes locked on her master, came into view through the dimly lit room. I closed the fold out staircase and retreated to the living quarter where I first arrived. I sat down in one of the chairs; waiting for CHANAH to come out after tending to Miles mangled-up toes. My eyelids dropped for a brief moment. I sat up straight trying to fight it but exhaustion finally overtook any intention I’d had of speaking with CHANAH before I went to sleep. 
Then an exclamation, “Thank you CHANAH for saving me,” managed to escape my lips before things went dark and I fell into a deep and restful sleep. 

Chapter 9

A cold nose poked me in the mouth ensued by spirited slobbery licks. MAXIE was looking at me; head cocked to the right and with a curious expression on her face. The dog’s mouth then opened as it breathed heavy--- with tongue out and beads of spit dripping on my lap. I heard movement in the kitchen and stood up as MAXIE took the cue and lead me to the room and her master. 
CHANAH was busy on a stove range; not at all dissimilar to any found on Earth which I thought looked strange in this otherworldly residence in the sky. A spatula in CHANAH’S hand worked steadily to scrape whatever was in the frying pan. 
I walked closer as CHANAH greeted me with, “Good Morning William---that was quite a night you had. Did you catch up on some sleep?” 
“I did; thank you. Is Miles up yet?” 
“No, he is still asleep…but don’t worry as this is normal for a fast healing STONIAN like Miles. I suspect he’ll wake up when he is mostly recovered. I suspect you and Miles will be eager to get back to the city as soon as possible. Still, another day of rest would probably do both of you some good.” 
I nodded my head but knew Miles would probably make that decision when he awake.
“This planet has all the fancy gadgets to cook a meal in seconds but nothing beats the human’s method of frying an egg in a skillet. Don’t you agree William?” 
I really didn’t know how to respond to this as I hadn’t tried ALVERON’S egg cooking methods or tasted a great deal food native to this planet. So much had been tailor made for my partialities from Earth in the BALLASTAH that trying new foods hadn’t occurred to me. I recalled the GNOCKTA and last evening’s SORPOMPEAU; two polar opposites in taste, which I took to mean that the flavors on this planet were a mixed bag---not unlike Earth. The eggs in CHANAH’S frying pan looked good though. And was that a coffee maker on CHANAH’S counter? This sight delighted me and CHANAH could tell. Within ten minutes, I was enjoying a rich cup of coffee and three fried eggs. CHANAH seemed amused at my appreciation for the meal and vigorous pace that fork went from plate to mouth. I wondered what the sophisticated alien thought of me at that moment. 
There was a lot that needed to be done but nothing would get accomplished now; especially while Miles was still recovering. As I finished my meal; CHANAH told me about some interesting stories from earlier visits he had to my planet. The first visit was highlighted by the opportunity to serve as a pageboy for knights in training under King Henry II. Later; he served King Henry VIII as a royal cook until his interests shifted to broader exploration and enlightenment on the great seas of the world. This led to the shipwreck incident on Easter Island for a brief period. 
“I was the only survivor but lived with the Rapanui for several months. I was very young then and quite eager to learn as much as possible.” 
With these stories, a different side to CHANAH had been revealed. I was more in awe of him at this moment than any other time before. He was a vibrant and living relic with stories too numerous to count and he was giving me something that no other human from my era could obtain---an eye-witness account of events that occurred from a distant past.
I asked him if he’d ever fought in any of the wars to which CHANAH replied; “I was merely an observer and never wanted to interfere in your world’s events. Remember William, I am only a watcher.” 
CHANAH was the picture of wisdom for me at that moment. This admiration was interrupted by the rousing of Miles in the other room. It was only a few short moments when Miles wandered into the kitchen---MAXIE leading the way. 
Miles hair was sticking straight up which made him look several inches taller than he actually was. His eyes were squinty and he didn’t look completely awake. Then his eyes widened when he noticed CHANAH and me sitting at the table. 
“William…you’re alive,” Miles said.
“Just barely,” I said.
“Where are we,” Miles asked? 
My hand motioned toward the host, “This is CHANAH. He is responsible for keeping us among the living and we owe him our gratitude.” 
Miles nodded his head and directed words of thanks toward CHANAH. I had so many questions to ask Miles. I then noticed CHANAH was reacting tentatively toward Miles or it might have been the other way around. CHANAH was now distant in his own thoughts.
“Is everything alright CHANAH,” I asked?
“If you’ll both excuse me---there is something that requires my attention in the other room,” CHANAH said.
CHANAH left us. 
Miles in a whispered tone asked, “How did you find CHANAH?” 
“I didn’t know what else to do after we split so I started walking in the direction from where we had started that day. I was looking for a tree to set up in for the night when this ladder appeared and lead me to this place. CHANAH has been good to me. I was starving and he gave me something delicious called SORPOMPEAU. He even took me to the GARGIAN cavern to save you. Listen, Miles, you should talk with him. He has a fascinating perspective on why you brought me here and the ALVERONS.” 
Miles leaned in and interjected at this in a hushed tone before I went on more, “William, we need to get back to the city. The ALVERONS will protect you. We can’t trust anyone in the AVERWOODS. How do we know that CHANAH isn’t working with the NOBIANS?” 
“You’re wrong about CHANAH. He told me that it is the ALVERONS who can’t be trusted. Miles, do you know that they have kidnapped Sonya and brought her here as well? CHANAH sees things and you and me were part of an elaborate plan to get Sonya here so that she would eventually be forced to negotiate with the people of Earth. The ALVERONS needed someone that the humans would trust because they want to sell their precious GLYSTIN metal. This metal isn’t what everyone thinks it is as it contains bacterium that’s trapped inside and the ALVERONS have found a way to release it whereby taking over Earth. You see; they tricked you. Think about this Miles; why would CHANAH save me---save you; only to hand us over to the NOBIANS? It doesn’t make sense!” 
Everything that I said; Miles listened to and seemed to measure it against everything he knew and suspected. 
CHANAH walked into the kitchen and spoke to Miles, “All of it is true; the ALVERONS created this deception. I know it’s hard for you as a STONIAN to accept this Miles but search your heart. Remember stories passed down and told when you were a child.” 
CHANAH flipped his hand slightly and an image appeared in front of Miles; similar to the one produced for me of my parents but this involved people from Miles’ world; scenes from his past. A great storm had occurred and people were upset; they were crying and scared. I looked at Miles who was visibly shaken at this sight. Then an image of Erick appeared. He was younger and in front of a machine with a dozen others in grey vests. The words; ‘Use STONIA as our test site today,’ left Erick’s mouth. The machine powered up and then that image disappeared and another image appeared of Erick in present likeness in front of some familiar faces I’d seen when we landed. This time he spoke of Earth and mentioned a weapon of control beyond the ability of the weather machine. Erick was pounding on the lectern in front of him and emphatically speaking of total control over all the galaxies. ‘No one can stand against us,’ were the words he repeated until CHANAH waved off the images. 
Erick’s words and tone still echoed in my head. I looked at Miles who had rage on his face. 
I didn’t know what to say to him and was relieved when he spoke first, “We are going to the capital city William but we are going there to get Sonya so I can take both of you back to Earth.” 

Miles seemed very amped up after the images and what I had told him. I’d never been in a fight and didn’t watch boxing to know which fighter appeared more ready but at that moment I was certain the GARGIAN wouldn’t have stood a chance against him. He had a look of determination and hyper-focus on getting Sonya and me back to Earth. CHANAH assisted Miles in making the necessary preparations for our trip back. CHANAH also filled Miles in on more details which only seemed to fuel an already heated enthusiasm for stopping the ALVERON’S plans for Sonya. 
I mentioned the possibility of a plan being discussed with me before we set out to which Miles responded; “I’m working on that.” 
CHANAH gave a few ideas to Miles but in the next breath spoke to me; reminding me that he was only a watcher and not able to interfere. I grinned a little as what CHANAH called watching; seemed to me like interfering so far. This was the absolute truth---Miles and I wouldn’t be where we are now if it wasn’t for him. CHANAH kept a transporter in hiding near a valley that was only half a day’s travel from here. CHANAH drew a map and sent us on our way. CHANAH told us both something before we left though; 
“When you get Sonya back, you will find help in the form of a NOBIAN named DRUCKER. You will have to travel to NOBI to reach him. You will find him in the village MEDOAN near the MOMENTRUS MOUNTAINS. DRUCKER can be trusted and he will help both of you and Sonya in reaching Earth safely.” 
The irony of it all---we came to the AVERWOODS to hide from the NOBIANS and it turns out we need one to get back to Earth.
CHANAH waved at each of us as we climbed down---not closing the door until the clouds, the tops of the trees and foliage covered any sign of the house from my sight. The way down was much quicker to me and as soon as Miles feet touched the ground, we were off. The pace was intense. My initial reaction was to tell Miles to slow down but I understood the urgency. Miles feared for Sonya’s life. 
Then the other idea that occurred to me was he had a vengeance in his heart for actions that already occurred. I could only guess as to what the initial images shown to Miles by CHANAH meant but since then---something had stirred in Miles. We arrived at a steep area that was littered with shale rock. This was clearly marked on CHANAH’S map that showed we were getting close to the transporter. A couple of times in his insistent haste--- Miles slipped and fell; landing on his backside with his feet slipping out from under him. 
“Slow down Miles; we aren’t any use to Sonya dead,” saying this then succumbing to my own plunge and my backside hitting the ground. 
From then on, we both heeded my advice and each took careful side steps to reach the bottom. We checked the map and followed the nearly dried up creek for half a mile when we spotted dense and an unnatural looking amount of brush beyond a few trees. 
“There,” Miles exclaiming, “the transporter is there.” 
Sure enough, when we reached the area, it was. I felt a small amount of accomplishment for achieving the item sought after at the end of the map. This was beginning to feel like an adventure to me. The reality of it sunk in though and I became aware of the dangers that Miles and I would be heading toward in a matter of minutes. 
Miles quickly had his gear off and had the thing running. I was a bit wary from the memory of our last ride together but overcame it by the thought of staying another night in these AVERWOODS and the probable exposure in one of these trees. No way am I staying another night here. When I settled into the machine; Miles lifted off and just like that; he was piloting another craft I was riding in. I made a mental note to ask about driving one of these things someday. 
I did notice Miles traveling lower; in fact, below the tree line this time. I had to ask why Miles chose to travel at a much slower speed under the tree line to which he replied; “So we don’t get shot down again.” 
“What,” astonished at this revelation? 
“We were ambushed. I noticed the sunlight hit an object in the trees; perhaps a scope or something, just before our motor was destroyed.” 
“How is that possible? I thought no one knew we were here except the council.” 
“It is possible we were spotted by NOBIANS either when we first arrived or when I went after your coat, but now I’m wondering if it’s something else. Anyway, we can’t take any more chances of not getting out of this forest alive so I’m proceeding with extra caution on this trip back to the city.” 
I was glad for that but wondered if we’d take those same precautions in the city. This prompted the question; “Miles; where will we be staying when we get to the city?” 
I also wondered if Miles had a plan for getting Sonya back yet. 
Miles said, “I have a sister in the city that can be trusted. She has a place near the Capital building. You can sleep on her couch.” 
I was relieved that part had been worked out and that I wasn’t going to be in some tree tonight. We passed over those trees I dreaded and were now taking different angle toward the city. I could see the skyline in the distance as we traveled over the large body of water. I then turned around and looked at the AVERWOODS and it was from the higher altitude and different angle we were traveling that put into perspective the great distance we had been from the city. I wondered what was beyond the AVERWOODS. The eerie cloud cover from that direction covered any chance of looking beyond since we had arrived in the forest. We approached the city but only at a distance; making a wide loop around the bustle of the other travelers further in. 
Within minutes, Miles turned into an opening that placed us squarely in a busy section of the city. There were no stop lights or lanes to travel on. Every moment of travel was continuous---as transporters above us; as well as below, worked their way toward a destination. My destination would be at a strangers place; Miles sister in fact and I’d be staying on her couch for the night. This was becoming the story of my life on ALVERON. I’ve never slept on so many couches. 
I started to notice the detail of each building as we neared the downtown area. Many of the buildings were built with the GLYSTIN metal. After hearing CHANAH talk about it essentially being congealed bacterium, I didn’t have quite the appreciation for it as I had before. I imagined the inevitable destruction to my planet if businesses on Earth turned to the magnificent alien metal for railroads, skyscrapers, cars and even playground equipment. I was curious about the device that the ALVERON council came up with to release this bacterium. They will certainly need more than Sonya; perhaps other leaders in the business community, to convince these industries to buy their products and at what price? Were we so far along in worrying about our global warming problem that we’d blindly turn to aliens for their products and technologies---whereby saving our planet from the pollution and the various other effects that domestic production causes. Were the ALVERONS really that clever? 
My mind was going in a hundred different directions when Miles snapped me out of it, “We’re here.” 
I looked around to notice that we had landed on top of a building. There was a door made of GLYSTIN metal that I later found out led to stairs and the elevator in the building. Miles hopped out of the transporter and walked toward another door that seemed out of place on this futuristic roof. It was large and made of a dense wood. It looked worn; as if being some poor sailor’s makeshift raft after his ship sunk. This gave it an appearance on hinges of belonging to some old pub, deep in the city of Boston. Miles knocked on it and then he started pounding on it. 
“Open up KATRAVIN. We have nowhere else to go.” 
The door opened and a beautiful female was standing at the door. She looked at Miles with astonishment and spoke to Miles in another language I didn’t understand but her body language was clear; we were not a welcomed sight or maybe I wasn’t. I waited for Miles to introduce us. I studied KATRAVIN as the two ignored me and conversed in their alien language. She was presently a foot taller than Miles and me; slim and had raven black hair that was cropped. She had high cheek bones that I quickly noticed made her appear skeletal when she was agitated. 
Her eyes narrowed toward me when she said, “So, is this him, the human?” 
I was astonished to hear her speak my native tongue and interjected immediately at this. 
Feeling a bit uncomfortable, I said, “Look Miles, I don’t want to be trouble to anyone. We can head back to the forest. I’m beginning to like this sleeping in trees thing on this planet.” 
KATRAVIN looked at me and then Miles; rolled her eyes before moving aside and telling us to come in quickly. I followed Miles into the room; noticing immediately that it was a studio apartment that I can describe in somewhat exaggerated terms of being nearly the size of a shoe box. 
“This isn’t going to work Miles---there’s not enough room for us.”
 I felt really bad for this KATRAVIN person---imposing on her like this. Her bed took up the majority of the space in the room. However; it was as Miles mentioned earlier, that a small two-seater; that looked inconspicuous the room’s corner, had a place for me to rest. That is; only after I moved the giant mound of clothes that covered one side, off of the sofa. 
“She’s all we got for tonight,” Miles said assuring me. He turned to KATRAVIN, “Thank you.” 
KATRAVIN had half the pile of clothes that were on the couch in her arms by the time he said this and she nodded. She was looking for a place to set the clothes but eventually gave up and dropped them to the ground. Without looking at either of us, she went into her bathroom and closed the door. 
Miles spoke, “Sorry about my sister. She is usually not this unsociable. We had an argument before I left for Earth and I guess she is still angry with me.” 
I nodded as if I understood and Miles went on, “Listen William, we need to figure out where Sonya is and fast. The sooner we get both of you off this planet; the safer it will be for all of us.” 
How are you going to find out where they are keeping Sonya?” 
“I know they wouldn’t be careless and risk the possibility of her seeing us in the AVERWOODS or even us seeing her. Plus, the forest is too dangerous.” 
I had to interrupt my friend at hearing this; “Too dangerous for her but not for me, huh?” 
Miles caught my meaning then nodded. 
“My guess is they will keep her in a secured location but not give off that appearance. I’m thinking of a place with a lot of cameras and security that is already in place which would keep suspicion on Sonya’s part low. There’s a hotel that the ALVERON council uses to hold large meetings among officials; a place where the guests from other planets can have a private and safe place to stay. It’s actually not far from here. We’ll investigate it tomorrow evening.” 
KATRAVIN came out of the bathroom as Miles finished talking. She didn’t look as agitated as before but still made no eye contact with me. Instead, she directed her questions to Miles.
 “So this person you are trying to kidnap from the ALVERON council is human too?” 
Miles looked amused and responded, “I see you are still the eavesdropper. You know---that’s going to get you into some trouble one of these days KATRAVIN.” 
“I want to help KEETCHA,” KATRAVIN insisted. 
“First of all; KEETCHA no longer exists. My name is Miles. Also, mother wouldn’t have appreciated that I got you this involved; much less, using you as an inconspicuous spy to size up the situation for us,” and then Miles gave a wink. 
The first smile on KATRAVIN”S face appeared. She was really an attractive woman…or...uhh, alien. She put her hands on the top of Miles head then the two of them locked eyes. KATRAVIN spoke something in her language to Miles and a radiant smile appeared on his face. She released him and stepped back. I could only gather that this was some kind of affectionate embrace among the two siblings. There are just some expressions that remain universal and Miles demonstrated a degree of personal warmth; a similar expression that I’d seen on my mom and dad’s face when I’d come home from college. The two had a good relationship, despite the initial greeting at the door. This world was a strange one to me and personal contact hadn’t been something that I had examined much since arriving here. 
KATRAVIN looked at me and asked; “Have either of you had anything to eat?” 
Miles spoke up before I could graciously decline her offer and said, “We do, in fact, need something to eat. Could you make some of your delicious SORPOMPEAU stew?” 
Well, if it was anything like what CHANAH had made---I wouldn’t be able to turn it down.
 KATRAVIN spoke in an excited tone, “Yes, that would be good this evening.” 

KATRAVIN lived in a building that essentially had two large kitchens that everyone shared. The lower half of the building went to the bottom floor; the top half echelon went to the 17th floor and somewhere in the middle of the building, people could decide whether they traveled up or down. The whole setup seemed like a bad idea to me. For one, wouldn’t it get kind of irritating having to wait in a line just to cook food? I found out from Miles that there is a list you sign your name to. 
“You basically rent the kitchen out,” he told me later that evening. 
“So if all the slots are full, do you order take out?” 
“Not necessarily. KATRAVIN has made some friends in the building so sometimes she can share a slot with one of them. It depends on which cooking devices are used and which are available to her. In fact, most people like sharing their slot with someone else. The phrase, ‘Too many cooks in the kitchen,’ doesn’t exist here. It’s a much more communal atmosphere here than anything I’ve seen on Earth.”
 I wasn’t sure if Miles really knew the meaning behind the use of that phrase but I didn’t ask and instead posed the other question that had bothered me about the whole setup. 
“What about stealing?” 
“Stealing,” Miles asked? 
“Yeah, what keeps one person from taking away food or supplies from another?” 
“Food is not scarce nor is it expensive. On Earth, it takes three times longer to grow crops than it does here on ALVERON or any of the surrounding planets. The supply is so much greater than the demand that usually, if a person has leftovers of anything, they gladly give it away. There may be a later time they will do the same for you.” 
Why did this sound so strange to me. I thought of my dad and imagined what he would think about this different way of life as a farmer. I mean---having the ability to produce three times as many crops in a given year? Still, I admired the people of this building and their community life style. In the city I moved to, most of the time I felt alone. If I asked anyone for something as simple as; ‘could you tell me what time you have on your watch;’ the person I’m troubling gives me a ‘put off’ or annoyed look and then glances at the timepiece on his wrist before saying; ‘Yeah, time for you to buy your own watch.’ I wish I was kidding but this actually did happen to me once in my early adjustment days in the city. 
As a kid; on that field trip to the city, I was mesmerized by the bustle or energy of the city. I imagined the grand possibilities of when I grew up and would one day live among these people. My fond recollections of that trip had since been changed by the realities of living in a large city alone. Sure, I had made a few friends since moving to the metropolis but I mostly felt alone. This made me recall the image of the Edward Hopper painting I’d seen in an art book once. It was the one with the man sitting alone at the counter, next to two strangers and brooding over a cup of coffee. I never wanted to be that guy but that was who I was---in the big city anyway. 
The familiar aroma quickly filled the room when KATRAVIN walked in with the hot SORPOMPEAU stew. That smell would forever trigger in my mind the memory of CHANAH’S place. Miles was already sitting at the makeshift dining table that really was just KATRAVIN’S bed. I sat on the couch to eat my bowl and as advertised by Miles, the stew was excellent. The steam from the stew fogged up my glasses which got a laugh from KATRAVIN and Miles. 
“You need wiper blades for those things,” Miles said heartily. 
KATRAVIN opened up to me more after she saw me serve myself a second bowl. I thanked her and this opened up the flurry of questions about my planet that would be discussed the rest of the evening. Subjects like food and recreational activities opened up our conversation but those eventually led into work life and then family life and then questions about food again. I was mostly interested in listening to Miles talk about his comparisons of both planets. He spoke very favorable about life on Earth. 
He then pulled something out of a pocket in his backpack and said, “Oh yeah, almost forgot.” 
It was a candy bar; a SmOreBar in fact. That was a new candy that was sold in the US. 
“Here’s your dessert.” 
He handed it to KATRAVIN. 
“I had to travel something close to…well trillions of light years to get this for you.” 
KATRAVIN’S face lit up with effervescent wonder. She put her bowl down and grabbed it from Miles. I was a little nervous thinking---Geez, I hope the candy bar lives up to the amount of travel it took to get here. 
She tore into the wrapper and sunk her teeth into that first bite. I studied her face intensely for the first indication of what she thought, waiting for some expression that would show me what the candy bar meant to her in that moment. The corners of her mouth elevated to a smile and then another bite to which this gave me an idea for a commercial whenever or if ever I got back to Earth. 
I felt a bit of pride watching her eat that candy bar; something I’m sure she felt when watching me chow down two bowls of her stew. The evening continued with a card game that I never completely understood but Miles seemed to be really good at it. There was plenty of friendly banter between KATRAVIN and Miles. They were natural competitors---cut from the same cloth. I watched the two mimic each other with slight exaggeration and outlandish dramatic behavior. I couldn’t stop laughing at either of them. It certainly took my mind off of the business we had tomorrow. Being around KATRAVIN also helped me understand Miles more. He was an entertainer at heart and a pretty good one at that. I marveled at why Miles chose the career path that he did. Wasn’t there a need for entertainers in the LOMMETRUS GALAXY? 
I wanted to ask Miles and KATRAVIN this but the two were in their own world now and I was merely an interested spectator. He did choose an interesting profession and no one could say that his life had been filled with boredom. That is to say, how many life forms can say they’ve traveled the distances that Miles has? 
Still, there was something tragic about only a few seeing this side of him. I felt lucky to have these experiences with him. It also struck me as being odd their initial encounter earlier had been so cold and now they were as friendly as two siblings should be. I tried to imagine what their argument had been about. It was clear that Miles had been ready to put the differences aside and move on but KATRAVIN still had issues with him when we arrived at her door earlier. I put it to rest in my own head by concluding that it wasn’t my business and I wouldn’t ask either of them. Tomorrow, we were all on the same team and needed to get some rest before we made our move to rescue Sonya.  

Chapter 10

Sonya opened her eyes and found herself in a strange room. It was still dark outside; which was revealed by the two tiny windows strangely close to the ceiling. She stared at them as they resembled something more familiar to a prison; with the thick crossbars meeting in the middle of the window’s opening---to which they didn’t convey any kind of real opportunity to look out of them. The bed was comfortable but that was the only thing she liked about this room. As a marketing strategist at the Sorenson & Lankford firm, she’d had her share of traveling assignments and thus; hotel rooms but they always felt more accommodating to her. She immediately felt trapped inside this hotel room. 
This room was locked on the outside; explained to her by Erick and Stacy as a precaution. If she needed to leave; they would notify the security detail of this and escort her to any place she needed to go. Last night she tried to rationalize this by reminding herself that she was on an alien planet. After all; she had heard of countries on her own planet that were just as authoritarian. However, something in her gut kept telling her that this didn’t add up but she had no other choice at this point but to accept what they told her. She had only been here a day and already didn’t trust the man named Erick. 
Sonya’s only questions were about William. Did they have any leads on the identity of William’s abductors and where they were staying? Also, how many ALVERONS and ALVERON resources were being used to look for William? Sonya then asked about the NOBIANS and why they would take William but Erick gave a shrug and little indication that he was interested in the matter. It seemed; at least to Sonya, that her questions were pertinent to the reason why she came to ALVERON in the first place but her questions were brushed aside by Erick with half measured answers and the subject strangely shifted to her and life on her planet. Sonya began to feel helpless. That was the product of dead end answers to her questions. 
Also, Stacy had mysteriously disappeared early last evening. The last thing Stacy had told Sonya was that Erick needed to speak with her and that she would be back to the room when her meeting was finished. She never came back to the room last night though and this had troubled Sonya before she fell asleep. Now, at this hour of the night, Sonya wondered if; perhaps, she had been the one abducted and William was safely at home on Earth and not taken at all. 
Why hadn’t she thought of going to William’s place first before she left with Stacy? At least then she’d feel better about making this attempt to rescue him. She resolved in her mind that she had gotten caught up in the sight of the spaceship and Stacy’s strange behavior. She wasn’t afraid to die and if this was her fate; so be it, but she still burned with curiosity about why they would take her. As if kidnapping William wasn’t strange enough, kidnapping her as well seemed even stranger. Why was she chosen? 
She didn’t have any true friendships or family left from her world. Devon was gone; as well as her boss and mentor, J.D. Lankford. Her parents had passed away years ago. However Sonya knew she’d still be missed. Sonya kept a high profile status among the business leaders and they will be looking for her--- if not now, soon. Obviously, they won’t find her but this will peak a great deal of curiosity with some important people. Was this what the ALVERONS intended to accomplish? 
Abducting a person seemed like a strange approach to an introduction. Then her focus shifted to something sinister. Perhaps this is all random and Sonya was another unsolved missing person case among thousands during a span of decades. Was she part of some ongoing guinea pig lab experiment performed on this planet? They certainly didn’t appear to be the aliens portrayed on TV shows that her son Devon had watched. They appeared similar to humans but with slight differences that Sonya was still discovering. 
Sonya got up and walked to the bathroom. She pushed a button and bright illumination flooded the entire room. There were devices on the sink countertop that Sonya concluded were too bizarre in appearance for her to touch but she then recognized a bar of hand soap, a toothbrush, toothpaste, her deodorant, a brush and cotton swabs. These personal effects enhanced her comfort, at least in the sense that she wasn’t without some of her ordinary items that she’d need to begin the day. 
She then looked at herself in the large bathroom mirror; bending forward to examine the bags under her eyes. Sonya was unaware that she was being watched on the other side of that mirror at that very moment. The ALVERONS; in fact, had cameras hidden everywhere in the abnormal hotel room. Sonya looked around the space and studied it for a moment. Sonya hadn’t taken any time to look around last night as exhaustion set in and she fell into a deep sleep. In fact; her shoes were still on her feet when she awoke. Now realizing this, Sonya slipped off her shoes and then slid them with one foot closer to the bed. 
Her movement stopped and Sonya stood still next to the bed. She couldn’t know for sure but the room emanated the peculiar vibe that she was being watched. And after further inspection of the room; she convinced herself that she was being watched. There was one large sized vent that looked more suitable for a storage facility than a hotel room and it was evenly situated in the middle of the room’s longest wall. It looked irregular and out of place there. The ceiling was lined with 12 x 12 square panels made of the reflective GLYSTIN metal that appeared red from the crimson material that covered the floor. Then she eyed the one door that led to a hallway outside her room. This was a thick metal door that had been locked from the outside. It did have a control panel next to it with digits displaying markings she didn’t recognize. The door that opened to the bathroom just beyond the main door to the room looked ordinary and not in the least bit challenging. As mentioned before, the two windows were small and close to the ceiling. She rubbed her hand across the wall that was opposite of the longer wall with the vent. She considered if there was someone in a room next to hers. Sonya placed her ear against the wall. Not a single noise could be heard save for a constant drip that was coming from her own bathroom sink. 
She walked back into the bathroom and studied casually the walls in there; knocking on the three sides that didn’t have the door attached to it. Sonya turned the water on but mistakenly turned the knob to scolding hot. She jerked her hand in a reactive fashion; out of the water and put the sensitive flesh against her mouth. Her hand was slightly pink but within seconds; she didn’t feel any kind of burn sensation. Steam from the hot water began to fog up the mirror and fill the small bathroom. Sonya walked over to the sink and shut the water off. She took a moment and looked in the fogged up mirror then made her way back to her bed after she turned the light out but lay there with her eyes shut; not sleeping but scheming for an escape. 

For the second time; while on the planet ALVERON, Sonya opened her eyes after a long but restless sleep. The sun light from the outside peaked through the tiny windows and it dimly lit her room. This time; however, it was a knocking at her door that woke her. Sonya looked over to the main door where the knocking she heard had now ceased. The door was being pushed open. Sonya froze, not sure if her behavior from earlier this morning had triggered any action by her alien host. Sonya just stared at the door as it revealed the image of the alien she met last night. 
Erick stood there initially, not moving but standing under the threshold and staring at Sonya with his cold grey eyes. Their eyes locked and then Sonya broke away from Erick’s stare as it made her feel uneasy. She looked up at the panels above her, wondering what he would do at that moment. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught his movement toward the bed. Still not saying a word, he edged closer to Sonya---with his eyes remaining fixed on her. Sonya wanted to get up but at that moment, her legs and torso fell numb. Erick now stood next to the bed and directly above her. 
“Sonya,” he said in an even tone, “I will need you to meet me downstairs for a briefing on William. There is a detective that would like to ask you some questions. Anything that might give us a clue as to who abducted William will make it easier to find him. I will give you as much time as you need to get yourself ready for the meeting.” 
Sonya nodded her head and Erick turned toward the door. When he reached the room’s bathroom, he stopped and turned toward her again, this time saying; “Perhaps a shower will help you get started.” 
He grinned and walked out into the hallway; closing the door behind him. She heard the clap of his boots against the dense hallway floor. She laid there for a few moments, trying to understand Erick’s unnerving affect on her. She established in her mind that she needed to be careful around him---careful with her words and actions. Sonya couldn’t know for sure if he suspected her suspicion of him and the ALVERONS. It had to be made perfectly clear that she was going along with their ruse until she found out what was really going on. It also became apparent that she had the best chance of surviving this if she went downstairs and spoke to the detective and Erick. She would give them what they expected to hear. 
Sonya really didn’t know much about William other than what her contact with him at work had revealed. She had contemplated having drinks with some of her coworkers; William included, but never got around to asking anyone. He seemed like a normal guy; albeit young and rough around the edges for the corporate environment. That wasn’t anything she had found strange or suspicious though. She practiced this and other things she’d say about William before she made her way downstairs to speak with the detective. 
She looked at the bathroom and the thought of Erick possibly on the other side of that mirror watching her as she showered made her sick. She went to the sink and splashed some water on her face; brushed her hair and teeth then walked to the main door. As far as she knew; the only way of requesting an escort downstairs was by knocking on the metal door that kept her locked inside the room. There were no telephones or computers; standard communication devices on Earth, to let anyone know she was ready to leave. After a few knocks, she heard the clapping footsteps approaching her door. The door opened---it was Stacy. 
She looked different though. Her hair was not the tangled blond mess that she wore on Earth but now straight and sleek with a raven black color---as dark as Sonya’s hair. Her eyes looked colder and dark as coal. She wore a shiny, metallic looking robe that was closed with a black sash around her waist. 
“I’ll be your escort today Sonya,” Stacy said in a matter of fact tone. 
Sonya nodded her head. “Great,” Sonya said while studying Stacy to see if any part from the Earth version of her still existed. 
The two walked side by side; quietly down the hallway which then led to an elevator. Sonya wasn’t sure what to say as to not reveal her suspicion of her and Erick; other than talk about William---so she did. 
“My hope is that it’s not too late for William; that is, I hope William’s captors haven’t killed him already. I have to believe that time is precious, like in any abduction case. What do you think Stacy?” 
Stacy didn’t answer at first but then after a moment to consider the statement said; “the abductors are not going to kill him but rather wish to learn from him and then use him. You needn’t worry about whether or not he is alive because he is worth more to the NOBI’S alive than dead.” 
Somehow Sonya could hear the hidden meaning in this message that applied to her---making Sonya all the more uneasy around Stacy. After all, Sonya trusted her and it would be Stacy’s betrayal that hurt Sonya more than anything an ALVERON on this planet could do. 
They reached the ground floor where she immediately saw Erick and a shorter, stockier alien that had a long brown mustache that went over his upper lip. The mustache fit in nicely on the round, rosy cheeked face. He was soon introduced by Erick as detective WALDBEREN. 
“He was chosen for this assignment because he was the best agent in the LOMMETRUS galaxy;” Erick said. 
WALDBEREN interjected a comment at this, “We are not used to seeing a human this far out. The NOBIANS must be desperate for eligible test cases.” 
The story was beginning to sound more ridiculous to Sonya by the minute but she bit her tongue then asked, “What was it about William that made him so attractive to kidnappers on NOBI?” 
“That’s a fair question and we’re going to use all our resources to find that out. First, I want to ask you some basic questions about William. Does he have any living relatives?” 
Sonya knew William had two parents in the little farm community he grew up in. In fact, he had showed her a picture that he pulled from his desk of them; one day after a successful account closing. The picture was of two people that stood in front of a farm house. The farm house was picturesque with the front porch and swing that invited images of long evenings spent in conversation and entertainment. The man was in overalls and the woman was in a yellow summer dress. What especially caught Sonya’s attention were their faces. They truly looked happy as if; not posing for a picture, but rather, these were natural expressions. This image of happiness made her sad as thoughts of her own parents surfaced. Then Devon’s image pushed into Sonya’s thoughts. Part of her died when these important people in her life passed on.
 She answered WALDBEREN’S question as best she could. He countered by asking if William was ever perceived as a danger or risk to himself or to others. Sonya found this line of questioning strange as the real perceived threats should be the NOBIANS. It was midway through her answer to WALDBEREN’S question that she realized what they were actually asking. Would William be a threat to them? Could he be here, on this planet and they don’t know where he’s at? A glimmer of hope flashed across Sonya’s face but she didn’t give Erick or WALDBEREN any indication that something was brewing in her mind. A few more questions followed about the type of work he did for the company which led into Sonya being asked about her involvement with Sorenson & Lankford. She knew the investigator was only asking her the questions for Erick but she answered them anyway. She started to talk about some of their; hers and Williams, big accounts over the past year. Sonya wasn’t sure if this was the information they were looking for and she did really care. She just needed to buy time to figure all of this business out. 
The lobby of the hotel was crowded. Sonya didn’t appear to look out of place among all the ALVERONS as her appearance was similar to those in the lobby. In fact, she wondered if Erick, Stacy and detective WALDBEREN were the only ones there who knew she was from a planet that was billions of miles away. She had a life on this planet; the third planet from her sun, something that nobody in this room, with the exception of Stacy, could relate to. 
Erick and detective WALDBEREN were in a discussion now and Stacy had left the three of them and walked outside after Erick whispered something in her ear. Sonya sat on a chair, in front of a GLYSTIN metal short table that had a tray of food on it. A hotel worker brought the tray out for Sonya while she was being questioned. A delicious array of fruit and breads were on it and Sonya didn’t waste time feeding herself. She was famished but also took notice of a cutting device for her fruit and bread that wasn’t as dull as a knife for spreads and seemed adequate for cutting into the wall of her bathroom. She quickly concealed the knife in her jacket and cautiously looked toward Erick, hoping that he hadn’t caught a glimpse of her hiding it. He appeared absorbed in his conversation with the detective. She scanned the room, studying the ALVERON crowd and their movements. 
So many uncanny similarities to what she’d see on Earth. However, someone did catch her eye sitting across the room at roughly twenty feet from where she was sitting. It was a female; a beautiful female with short black hair. The woman was in a striking green pant suit that gave the added impression of having a radiant metallic quality to it. Sonya wished she could find one of those outfits on her planet. 
The woman also had a device in her hand that resembled the tracking device Stacy showed her on Earth. This is what actually caught Sonya’s stare. The women then locked eyes with Sonya and proceeded to pull something from her jacket pocket with her other hand. Sonya looked at WALDBEREN and Erick to make sure they weren’t looking at her. Her gaze quickly darted back to the women who revealed something familiar and unique to Earth; it was a SmOreBar wrapper in her hand. It took a few seconds for this to register but Sonya caught the message and looked at Erick who was still wrapped in discussion with WALDBEREN. 
 So William is here; she thought. She looked back in the direction the women had been sitting but she was now gone. Curiosity now burned inside her as she wondered whether she needed William now more than he needed her. 
Sonya then perceived Erick and WALDBEREN as agitated with one another at the moment Stacy walked in. Stacy handed Erick a GLYSTIN metal device who then handed it to WALDBEREN. Detective WALDBEREN looked at it and then nodded his head. Stacy motioned for Sonya and the two headed back upstairs. 
Sonya broke the silence between her and Stacy by saying in a somewhat more cheerful tone than she intended, “I hope I was helpful to the detective and Erick.” Stacy’s gaze fixed on Sonya at this. 
She replied, “I’m sure you were,” and then looked straight ahead without saying another word. 
Sonya and Stacy then approached the room. Next to the door was a metal device that Stacy put her hand over and the lock on the door was released. Stacy pushed the door open and stepped to the side for Sonya to walk through. Sonya walked in a few steps and then turned toward the entryway to ask Stacy something but the metal door was now shut. 


Chapter 11

For the first three hours of the day; the rapid clicking sound of cards being replaced and picked up could be heard in KATRAVIN’S tiny studio shoebox apartment. Miles and I were playing the same card game we’d played yesterday evening with KATRAVIN only today I was beginning to get the hang of it and had actually won two hands in a row. Miles was amazed after my first win but was utterly astonished when I managed to win twice. The game required quick recognition skills and memory. It moved fast and a winner wasn’t decided until all the cards were matched and counted at the end by both players.
 We were anxiously awaiting word from KATRAVIN about whether or not she’d spotted Sonya. I began to think that Miles’ guess about the hotel sounded like a long shot and that I’d never see Sonya again. After all, this was a big planet and it was entirely possible that she wasn’t even on it. Still, Miles seemed so certain as if he knew the ALVERONS and their next move but we had to act quickly before all chances were lost. 
The card game got my mind off of this though and after I won for a third time in a row; Miles became agitated with himself. A satisfaction came over me at this spectacle because I was beginning to get used to having my butt kicked at everything that Miles and I competed in. It seemed like a rough blow to the computer programming STONIAN. Then KATRAVIN walked in and Miles snapped out of it. 
KATRAVIN spoke to me first, “Is Miles cheating at cards again?” 
She laughed at this but Miles didn’t seem amused and said, “Just tell me what you found out today. Is she there or not?” 
KATRAVIN pulled out the SmOreBar wrapper and said, “She is there and knows William is here too,” holding up the wrapper as she said this. 
“Did you get a SCATCH on her?” 
KATRAVIN narrowed her eyes toward Miles, “Of course I did and she pulled out a device made of the GLYSTIN metal.” 
“Good,” Miles said, “We’ll have a day or so till Sonya’s energy particles can’t be tracked by the device anymore so we need to move quickly.”
 “Miles, do you have a plan yet,” I asked? 
 Miles looked at KATRAVIN, “that depends.” 
KATRAVIN pulled something else out; a device that had a screen and resembled a smallish laptop. A blue light lit up KATRAVIN’S face when she turned it on and within a few minutes, she turned the screen to Miles which had brought for the first time since the crash, a wide smile. He showed me what he and KATRAVIN saw. 
It was an architectural design plan of the hotel Sonya was in; specifically the room she was staying in. This piece of intelligence had to have been difficult to get. I was impressed.   
“How did you get this,” I asked? 
She gave a wink and said, “I can tell you William that the male on our planet is just as hopeless around a beautiful female. I’m referring to a certain employee at the hotel in this case.”  
Miles rolled his eyes at this and said; “Ok---you did a good job. Would you mind if we move on?” 
KATRAVIN grinned; confidence beaming in her and then nodded. “Go ahead.”  
Miles looked at me, “The hotel will still present some challenges for us. You see these red dots around Sonya’s room? Those are cameras and they are monitoring her activity in and around that room. I thought about travelling through the ventilation but we’d never get out quick enough before they’d catch all of us. The windows are too small and too high to climb into and there is a first rate locking system on the solid metal door. Our one advantage is we know the ALVERONS are extremely confident in their technology and take no extra precaution with extra man power so once we get Sonya out of the building; eluding them will be easier---initially that is.” 
“Won’t they have some form of tracking or SCATCH on her too?” 
“I have developed something for that;” Miles saying this while grabbing KATRAVIN’S tracking device. “While I was on your planet; I began to wonder how much of Earth’s technology could be used to combat any of ALVERON’S technological advances. Some of the ideas and concepts I read about and practiced were outdated but not as far back as you might think. I’ll spare you the technical explanation and sum it up with this; I discovered a method to block tracking receptors by temporarily reversing the unique code of energy particles each person has in them.” 
“I thought you were going to spare me the technical version,” I said teasingly. 
Miles went on, “When we get Sonya out of the hotel; we’ll need to quickly apply this method to her. Every minute will be critical for a successful escape so we have to be certain about our plan for getting her out.” 
I listened to Miles talk as he studied the design plans. He trailed off talking to me and then went into some hyper-focus mode toward the plans KATRAVIN brought. I began to worry about the escape, this getting away from the hotel and staying alive sounded like the real challenge. I watched a lot of movies; enough to know some of the successful escape methods. There was the diversion tactic; which usually involved a large explosion of some sort. This was always my favorite in the movies but in real life it could hurt innocent people so that wasn’t going to work. Then there were the movies that had the good guys with all the tech gadgets, breaking into a high security building containing the most important documents or priceless artifacts. The good guys were always a step ahead of the bad guys because they had better equipment but from what I understood about the ALVERONS; that wasn’t going to be us. Finally, there’s the Über-sneaky approach of finding the underground passageway that no one else knows about and coming in and out through that. This seemed like our most likely course of action but I still couldn’t grasp how we would go undetected by the ALVERONS and all of their advanced technology. I concluded that I wouldn’t burden Miles with my worry but simply trust in his ability to get Sonya and me out of the LOMMETRUS galaxy safely.   
Miles was still deep in planning mode so without bothering his concentration; I walked behind him and studied the plans for myself over his shoulder. At this point; both of Miles’ hands were smoothing through his hair until finally at the crown of his head; he was ever so slightly pulling. Miles was the picture of someone perplexed but as I leaned forward to study the floor plan; he leaned back in his chair and with a less than enthused tone in his voice he declared; “There is really only one chance we have at getting Sonya out and it’s not a good one but it’s all we have.” 
I was afraid of that; I thought. I didn’t show my concern and masked my thoughts by asking with enthusiasm; “Did you find something?”
 He pointed to a room that was down the hallway from where they were keeping Sonya, “This is our ticket out.” 
It was a maintenance room for storing items and clean linens but attached to it was our escape from the hotel---a laundry chute that led to the bottom floor of the building. The plan for getting into the maintenance room was simple. Miles and I would employ the Trojan horse strategy of getting ourselves into the hotel undetected. A laundry cart; that would conceal us with towels and linens, could be pushed up to Sonya’s floor by KATRAVIN disguised as a hotel worker. She would then push us into the maintenance room where we’d wait for nightfall and then crawl from the maintenance closet to Sonya’s room through the ventilation ducts. 
Miles hoped the spy cameras didn’t have infrared or night vision because it would be the darkness in Sonya’s room that concealed all of us to exit without being detected. The other hurdle to the plan was---while Miles and I could probably crawl through the confined space in the duct and out of the vent---could Sonya? 
This was another issue that summoned the wishful words from Miles, “If only we had more time.” 
This much I assumed to mean that he’d find some way to stake out the room before executing the plan. Unfortunately, there was no time for that. It was critical that the escape happened from here before what Miles felt as their eventual plan of transferring Sonya to a more secure location. 
“Knowing Erick the way that I do,” Miles said while staring up at the ceiling. “This will happen very soon. The plan has to be executed tonight.”

A blast of warm air filled Sonya’s room. She sat in her chair; devising a plan for exiting the prison her abductors called a hotel room. The knife she lifted at lunch would be suitable for cutting the thin wall of her bathroom but she contemplated what was on the other side of the wall. Was this a crazy idea, Sonya thought? After all, a better chance at escape might present itself later if she just went along with the deception. 
Still, Sonya surmised she could do this undetected in the bathroom while turning the shower on. This idea came to Sonya last night when the running hot water in the bathroom created steam whereby; fogging up the mirror. This would be her only private time for cutting through the wall. Sonya knew this wasn’t a great plan---she couldn’t know what would be on the other side of the wall or if she’d have time to get out but she had to try something. Erick’s creepy invitation to use the shower only cemented her belief that the ALVERON’S were watching her closely. 
She contemplated her other options which included waiting for William to free her from the hotel but this only brought a mood of doubt her mind and the idea of Erick further invading what little privacy she had left brought the idea of escape back to the forefront. No---Sonya was motivated to leave this place immediately. She did choose to wait for her evening meal as she reasoned that it would provide her with essential nourishment if she did actually escape. She was disappointed when her meal was brought in with Erick accompanying. He sat down in the chair next to the bed; inviting her to eat while he spoke to her. 
Sonya reached for the new knife on the tray to slice a piece of bread. Sonya caught the tremble in her hand as she did this. Erick’s eyes captured this nonverbal cue and Sonya knew it. She took a deep breath and started to say something but was interrupted by Erick.
 “Sonya, I have to confess that while the circumstances for bringing you here are unfortunate; I’m glad I finally have a chance to speak with a human. There are so many similarities between you and me and yet many differences too. I’d like to get inside the mind of a human and understand its behavior.” 
Outside, Sonya was calm and even appeared interested in what Erick was saying. However, her insides were bundled of nerves. All Sonya could think about was getting out. Sonya found Erick’s tone insulting. He didn’t seem interested as an equal being that could be learned from and appreciated but rather, she felt like a lab rat being studied for his amusement.
“Your solar system has eight planets revolving around one giant star. The only true light in the LOMMETRUS galaxy happens to be the planet of ALVERON. Nothing else matters,” Erick said this with a vacant stare toward the tiny windows near the ceiling.
This statement sounded cryptic and seemed more bizarre to Sonya than the alien sitting in front of her.
 Erick continued; “The ALVERONS are a great people that deserve more from their leaders and I want to lead them to their true greatness. You know---I’m going to one day be ruler of this entire planet. I hope to one day rule all the insignificant planets that depend on ALVERON. You’re a human that can certainly understand this on a much smaller scale. Wouldn’t you agree that there are only a few who are destined for greatness on your planet?” 
The sight of Erick made Sonya nauseated but she nodded her head to give Erick an impression he expected from her. She didn’t understand why he was telling her all of this or what his motivation was for coming in here. 
Erick continued; “You see Sonya, those like us or maybe like me---who are intended for greatness---don’t allow anything or anyone to get in our way. And my objective is simple---become the supreme over all! People on your planet believe in a higher being---a god is what you call this Supreme Being. Then I am who these people mention---I am who they will kneel before.”
Erick’s voice elevated in resonance and sinister nuance: “I AM SUPREME RULER!” 
At this he stood up and was now looking down on Sonya. His eyes narrowed toward her. They were black with fury and he approached her. He spoke again but this time with a slight crinkle on his thin lips and a measured tone. 
“I noticed a curious thing when I sat down---rather, when you started your meal.” 
He was silent as if waiting for Sonya to acknowledge this statement. 
She managed a quiet response of; “What is it Erick? What did you notice?” 
He grinned but only for a second then his severe demeanor and narrowed eyes were on full display as he said; “Why didn’t you just use the knife you tucked away at lunch from earlier today to slice your bread?” 
Sonya’s eyes bulged. She quickly grabbed for the knife that was already out as Erick lunged toward her but she only managed to put a cut on his face before he overpowered her and wrestled the knife in her hand away. 
Erick pulled Sonya’s hair back and spoke into her ear; “Did you actually think you’d escape from here? We could have done this in a tolerant manner but I see that humans are no different than the trash I deal with on NOBI and some of these other nothing planets. They eventually surrendered. They all surrender.” 
Erick put his knife in front of Sonya’s right eye, turning his wrist to reveal both edges of the blade. 
“Where is that other knife?” 
Sonya, whom was more frightened than ever responded; “It…it’s in my jacket; hanging up in the closet.” 
Erick cut slightly into her right cheek leaving a thin cut about two inches long and then walked toward the jacket. He pulled out the other knife and backed slowly toward the door. 
“You will be moved to your new location shortly; a confinement more suitable for such a crude being.” 
He said the last word with a tone of disgust and then exited the room. Sonya’s eyes welled up. She tried to be strong but she didn’t know what her next move would be. She lay there; feeling overwhelmed, something she had never felt. Her only hope now was William. 

Chapter 12

Operation; ‘Rescue Sonya from the evil aliens,’ was nearly in motion. Miles and I now looked like cat burglars from many movies I’d seen over the years. Every inch of us was cloaked with black; right down to the black boots and gloves that Miles had KATRAVIN get us earlier that day. He even had a black sticky substance for our faces. This part of the disguise would be added once we reached the utility room. 
Miles went over the floor plans, the rescue phase and the escape twice with me; making sure that every detail within our control was covered. KATRAVIN stepped out of the bathroom; she was dressed in hotel cleaner attire. It was a light blue pant suit with grey sneakers. Her head was covered in a blue cap that had the hotel logo on the front. KATRAVIN even had a name tag with the hotel name displayed on it that she pulled out of her pocket and pinned to her shirt---this giving the ensemble of clothing a finishing touch. 
KATRAVIN walked back into the bathroom. She added some gloves that had an appearance of blue latex from her cabinet and then stuffed them in her back pocket. There was an energy about her that could be sensed---as if she took delight in this moment. Miles seemed to share KATRAVIN’S enthusiasm for the situation too. I, on the other hand, was nervous as usual. 
We had to look natural traveling to the hotel in the open transporter. KATRAVIN jumped into the driver’s seat, I crawled into the storage space in the back and Miles sat up front; albeit, he would eventually crouch down in his seat. The storage space was roomy for me but might be tight with Sonya back here. It occurred to me that maybe KATRAVIN would probably catch a ride back to her place; leaving the transporter for Miles, Sonya and I. 
The transporter lifted off the ground and so the rescue attempt began. The sun was setting as we navigated through what I guessed to be the alien rush hour as there were more transporters than expected. Transporters were weaving in and out as well as up and over us. I imagined myself trying to get the hang of this transporter travel and decided that it be best to learn outside the city. I imagined experimenting with the transporter in the city and causing a thirty transporter pileup with the news headline starting out the next day; ‘Human Travels Billions of Miles to Ruin Rush Hour Yesterday;’ or something to the equivalent in their alien language. 
The hotel came into view. My adrenaline began working in hyper-speed as the shakes began in my hands and knees. My thoughts became clear; perhaps focused, as I was now prepared for a battle. We pulled into a parking garage that was nearly full with transporters but as luck would have it; we landed snugly in a spot close to the elevator. This was important because as Miles explained back at the apartment, we needed as little exposure as possible and a quick get away as well. 
KATRAVIN got out of the transporter first. Her most important job would be to obtain a laundry cart from inside the hotel and get it into a position that we could climb into. It was normal for cleaning people in the hotel to still be working on laundry at this time but she would still try and avoid any attention from hotel management and other employees. Miles and I waited in the transporter for what I guessed to be a half hour while KATRAVIN did this. 
Miles spoke into his communication device; “KATRAVIN, where are you?” 
There was no response from her. Miles turned to me with concern written all over his face. 
“She should have been down here by now. I shouldn’t have involved her in this.” 
I tried to reassure him with the only thing I could think of, “She is probably being extra cautious.” 
I still wasn’t completely sure that this was a good plan but it was all we had. Without KATRAVIN to conceal us in the cart and take us to Sonya’s floor, I wasn’t sure how we’d go undetected by the cameras. 
Miles was getting antsy and began to get up from his crouch in the car seat; “I’ve got to….;” then the elevator door opened. 
KATRAVIN walked out, pushing a nearly full laundry cart. She parked it next to the transporter on the passenger side. Then KATRAVIN opened the passenger side door and grabbed a bag that would give cameras the appearance of a dinner meal from home but she left the door open. She put the bag on the cart and proceeded to the back of the transporter and popped the trunk to reveal a small laundry basket with some of her own clothes which she set down on top of the linens and towels already on the top shelf of the cart. She did this using the slowest quality of movements possible to give Miles and me time for entering a side compartment that had been emptied but was for cleaning supplies, fresh towels and linens. 
I heard her drop something that rolled underneath the transporter and this bought us even more time to get situated inside the cart. It wasn’t uncommon or discouraged for hotel employees to do their laundry at the hotel as long as the work was done first. KATRAVIN adding her own laundry to the cart was a nice touch as this idea of communal sharing was used to our advantage. 
Miles and I were now cozily stashed in the confines of a laundry/utility cart. I could hear doors close and then saw linens draped over the opening. We started moving and a peculiar thought occurred to me as I listened to the wheels turn on the floor---if they can make transporters hover, why not laundry carts. I thought of the weight of this cart and KATRAVIN laboring to push it. Between the smaller versions of Miles and me, we must still weigh a combined two hundred pounds. I could tell the movement toward the elevator was slow but KATRAVIN managed to push us on it. Up we went, traveling in an employee service elevator so it wasn’t likely we’d have to deal with any stops along the way. This; however, was not accurate as the elevator did stop. The doors opened and someone walked into the elevator. I heard a female’s voice speak in her alien language and KATRAVIN voice responding. I couldn’t understand what was being said and looked at Miles face; searching for a hint of understanding. Were we caught? Was everything still going as planned? 
The inside of the utility cart was dark and I could see no expression on Miles’ face. The two chatted but nothing came of the conversation that revealed Miles and me. The other voice left when the elevator stopped and the doors opened. We continued up the hotel and finally the doors opened to our floor. KATRAVIN rolled us into starting position---the utility room where we’d begin our rescue mission. After KATRAVIN closed the door, Miles immediately flung the linen sheet up and crawled out. I followed and then took a deep breath in and exhaled all of my nervousness out. I couldn’t believe we were actually inside. KATRAVIN was checking her tracker. 
“According to our SCATCH on your friend, she is ten rooms down the hall on the right hand side.” 
Miles looked at a vent; pointed and said, “This one. We’ll need to start from here.” 
The vent opening was just the right size for Miles and me to crawl into. I thought of Sonya. She could probably squeeze through in spite of her height but might run into some issues inside the vent where her length could prove as a difficult maneuvering obstacle around any corners. 
Miles gave KATRAVIN final instructions on the tracking; “Make sure to jam up their signal like I showed you once we’ve reached the inside of the ventilation ducts.” 
KATRAVIN stepped outside the room and headed back to the transporter where she’d wait for us to arrive with Sonya. Miles slid a GLYSTIN metal supplies shelf over two feet closer toward the elevated vent for scaling and within a minute; he had the vent cover off and was inside the ducts. His eagerness to reach Sonya’s room set the pace for me to follow. One thing we hadn’t thought of was bringing some sort of light for the dark and narrow passageway to Sonya’s room. This wasn’t an issue for rooms still lit as tiny slivers of the artificial light occasionally lit our path but there were a few rooms with the lights out. I had already forgotten how many rooms KATRAVIN had said to pass before we’d reach Sonya’s room. This was an important detail that I knew Miles remembered---at least hoped he did or it would be a long night.
Beads of sweat began to drip from my brow and my elbows and shoulders were beginning to feel the added weight of crawling on them while thrusting forward. We had already crawled fifty yards when I realized the corner just ahead of us. It didn’t seem as if we were making any real noise that might have been noticed by guest but still I was nervous and careful of all sounds made by me. As it would happen, alien dust mites inside the duct began tickling my nose. My eyes began to tear up. I stopped and smothered my face; having what I’d describe as the quietest sneezing attack a person could have. Miles was unaffected by my current difficulty and trudged along without looking back at me. When I got it under control; Miles was nearly down the hallway and next to the Sonya’s room. 
I double-timed it as good as anyone in my situation could but reached Miles dripping in sweat with dust bits attached to me. A light was on in Sonya’s room. My position was just below Miles feet. I couldn’t see or hear anything---it would be a waiting game now. We had to sit tight and remain until Sonya turned her lights out for bed. 
I imagined twenty cameras hidden in her room and it was entirely possible a tiny one was attached to the vent we were supposed to crawl out of. I wiped my forehead and dried my hand with my hair--- sending a smoothing motion toward the back of my head. I could now hear the low resonance of voices coming from Sonya’s room. These voices couldn’t be made out for clarity and context of conversation but one of the voices sounded like Sonya’s. The other voice was female too. Strangely the unknown voice seemed familiar to me too. I pointed my ear toward the direction hoping that would help in my attempt to improve my hearing but nothing improved. 
A male voice entered the conversation. This was easier to hear as the tone seemed agitated and elevated to a bellow. Was Sonya in danger? I looked to Miles up ahead for any sign of action but he just lay there; unmoving and watching through the screen. The light in the room went off and I suddenly felt Miles feet push into my face. 
A voice in the dark said in a hushed tone, “Com on. There moving her, Hurry!” 
I began to wiggle my way backward toward the utility room; something I was unprepared for as my brain and body had to sync and outpace Miles advancing feet. This was definitely the wrong way to go about traveling through a ventilation duct as it took twice as long to maneuver backwards. 
My face kept getting popped by Miles boots and I’d say, “Slow down,” to which he’d reply, “Hurry up.” 
It was remarkably that this was the most irritating and uncomfortable experience I’d had thus far on this planet. The ROTIANS staring up at me while trapped on the top of a tree was now a close second. We finally wiggled to the utility room though and I crawled out of the open; falling to the floor with a loud thud. Miles did the same and then burst to his feet. 
“Quickly, we’ve got to reach her before she gets too far out of range.” 
I tried to ask Miles about what was happening but he was into the laundry chute before I even uttered a word. I jumped in after him and slid down a chute that reminded me of a water park slide but instead of landing in a pool of water, I plunged into a huge container that was halfway full of dirty linens. My eyes quickly recognized that Miles was halfway out the door. 
Man is he quick. I leaped out of the container and ran after him. We ended up in a separate section of the parking garage after running through an already opened second door where KATRAVIN had the transporter running and ready for escape. 
“Where is she going,” KATRAVIN asked Miles as I dove into an opening to the back space of the transporter. 
“My best guess is they’re taking her to the control base. She’s in danger. Erick is going to use more stringent methods at the base to gain what he’s after.”
Miles turned and looked at me, “Stacy Schmitt is one of them---she brought Sonya here. I never suspected her of being from my world back on Earth. I’m sorry William.” 
My astonishment was recognized by Miles as he turned around. He grabbed the tracking device from KATRAVIN. I couldn’t believe it was Stacy. I felt empty and betrayed at hearing this news. So many amazing things had happened to me over the course of a few weeks but this had surprised me the most. It had seemed like every relationship built at the company was in some way tied to this plan of the ALVERONS. I knew that wasn’t true as Sonya had no willing part in any of this but the discovery of Miles and now Stacy shook me to my very core. 
“Deception…Lies---is that all you people know?” 
I hadn’t meant to say this out loud but I did. Miles and KATRAVIN were silent. 
Miles put the tracker down on his lap and turned to me, “Look, I know I initially wasn’t up front with you but I’m not Stacy. I didn’t bring you here with some evil plot in mind. I’m your friend and I want to help you and Sonya reach Earth safely. Right now though; I’ve got to concentrate on tracking Sonya. We may lose her forever if I don’t.” 
It was with this final statement from the alien that he turned and focused on the tracker. He was right though. He hadn’t brought me here with wicked intentions. My anger was toward Stacy. I needed to direct my energy toward stopping her and Erick. 
KATRAVIN was a skillful driver of the transporter as she weaved and crossed to edge closer to the larger transport vehicles holding Sonya. 
“Over there,” Miles pointed at something that resembled a large chunk of yellow metal with rocket boosters attached to it. 
The yellow image was easy to spot among all the other smaller and plain looking transporters hopping about---in and around the darkness of the GLYSTIN metal city. The yellow transporter didn’t seem terribly fast either or it just wasn’t in any hurry to reach the destination. Whatever the case, KATRAVIN followed closely. Too closely in fact---Miles told KATRAVIN to back off the target as traffic was beginning to lighten up. We were leaving the city and now our vehicle was one of a few left traveling in the direction of the yellow transporter. I looked around and noticed that there were fewer buildings until finally; no buildings and sparse green landscape. 
“Where are they taking her, I asked?” 
Miles glanced again at the tracker and then the target and said, “It’s got to be the old testing base if we are going this way. I’m not sure why they’d keep her there as it has been abandoned;” Miles paused for a moment, “nearly as long as I’ve been a pilot for the ALVERONS. The new base is near the lakes and is swarming with security. Infiltration in that base is next to impossible.” 
With instruction from Miles, KATRAVIN turned our transporter to the planet’s surface where we landed and then waited. “The base is just five kilometers in that direction, just beyond those trees;” Miles stated. 
KATRAVIN then spoke up, “If the base is non-operable and security is minimal, this should be easier than getting her out of the hotel.” 
Miles didn’t share KATRAVIN’S enthusiasm though. 
“That’s just it---something doesn’t feel right about this situation. As a pilot for the planet’s space exploration unit, I had exposure to all the ALVERON military training and protocol for these situations. The initial action is to take the alien; or rather, visitor to a non-threatening environment, something that wouldn’t make a visitor feel like they were captive. The site still had to be moderately secure. However, if the mission is compromised in any way, they would immediately take the visitor to the securest place on the planet--- the testing facility near the lakes.” 
I realized that Miles just referred to me as an alien initially. I guess my non-threatening environment was the BALLASTAH. Not so non-threatening though---remembering the ROTIANS and GARGIAN.
 “Maybe they don’t feel the mission is completely compromised,” offering a suggestion but Miles shook his head. 
“When I was in the ventilation duct, I overheard Erick tell Sonya that her attempt for escape was going to cost her. If not for the tracker, I would have told KATRAVIN to head for the lakes.” 
KATRAVIN spoke, “So we proceed with caution?” 
Miles nodded his head and said, “It just feels off. It could be a trap set for us but I won’t know for sure unless we go to the vacant facility and find out.” 
Miles looked at KATRAVIN; “I’ll need you to stay back in case William and I get into some trouble. 
KATRAVIN looked disappointed; “Can’t William…” but she trailed off what she was going to say when Miles narrowed his eyes in her direction. 
“Not this one,” Miles said. 
It was decided by Miles that KATRAVIN would move us closer to position and under the tree cover. We would still have a few kilometers to hike before we reached the base. This scene seemed the most familiar to me as we headed off into the woods. The eerie silence of the AVERWOODS became unnerving to me but this place reminded me of Earth. Unlike the AVERWOODS; ROTIANS and GARGIANS were not part of the adventure. The other part of this hike that I noticed was the presence of scurrying critters and the chirping of smaller birds. I looked in the trees for a PUNDGER bird and thought; sure could use one of those right now. There was no denying the AVERWOODS had its enchantment but maybe this place did too. 
We moved closer and as Miles described; an abandoned base came into view. Miles looked at his tracker to see if Sonya was there but I immediately spotted the yellow beast near the corner of the facility. 
“She is definitely here,” which came out sounding more like a question than a statement?
 “It appears so,” Miles said. 
Miles studied the image for a moment before saying, “we’ll flank around to the back---stay close.” 
I didn’t get time to respond as Miles was already running in the direction he pointed and told me to go. I moved quickly after him, trying to match the pace of the quicker alien. This would have been tough at my normal size but with the shorter legs, I was having a difficult time keeping up with the equally small Miles. He was over the fence already as I reached to pull myself up for the first step. 
Now looking up at me he said; “Hurry,” in a hushed tone. 
I climbed over and dropped to the ground. My breathing quickened---exhausted from the sprint and climb I’d just done. Miles pulled me up and we headed toward the nearest wall. There wasn’t much left to the base as it appeared to be overrun by critters and the various growths poking through the ground and into the building. It was a large building not made of GLYSTIN metal but rather something similar to concrete. There were broken windows with an air of sinister darkness inside. The doors were in a sad state as well but some of them had chains attached to them. I grabbed one of the heavy chains attached to the nearest door; lifting it up slightly. Someone doesn’t want us in here. 
Miles passed me and then I followed. We found one door that was slightly barricaded from the outside and rapidly tore through the mess to enter into the building. The darkness swallowed us. The only way I could tell where Miles was standing was by his artificial light on the tracking device. I followed that; careful not to alert anyone else of our presence by tripping or bumping into objects on the ground. I heard movement on the floor and then felt something tiny run over my boot. Smallish red eyes looked up at me. I pressed forward; noticing Miles already down a hall. He was idle. 
I neared him and whispered; “What is it?”
 In his own hushed tone he responded, “According to the tracker; she’s above us.” 
“What are we going to do?” 
There was a long silence. I could sense Miles was just as uneasy about this as I was. I think we both felt it was a trap but knew that certainty was the only ticket out of this place. I wished we’d waited till daybreak; so I could at least see who was going to kill me before it actually happened. This darkness was maddening. Both of us felt for a wall to brace ourselves on as we traveled further down the hall. Neither of us knew a way to reach the next level. I shuffled my feet toward Miles as he advanced. Then the tracking device stopped. I felt something move closer to me. 
A whisper from Miles said, “There is a dim light just around the corner. We’re getting closer so watch your movement.”
 I waited for Miles to begin moving but he stood idle. What is he doing; I thought. I started to hear low voices near our position. An artificial light was heading in our direction. Suddenly; my legs numbed and my heart began to speed up. A danger was approaching us. I knelt down. The beam got thicker and closer until finally it was next to us. Two large masses were standing directly beside where Miles and I stood. We were just twenty feet away but they hadn’t spotted us yet. One of the aliens spoke. 
My mind was focused on holding my breath and sitting as still as possible. I looked over to see that Miles had the tracking device off. Then a tiny creature scurried toward the larger aliens. Its red eyes pierced the darkness. One of the aliens pulled out a device from its belt and sent a blue wave of light toward the creature. Immediately, the tiny critter disappeared. I sat there in awe of the weapon that vaporized something into nothing. The artificial light from the aliens turned back toward the direction they had come and I could hear their footsteps shuffling away from us. 
I waited as my heart was still racing but beginning to slow down. My breathing began to enter into its normal rhythm. A hand grabbed my arm and this put my breathing back into its abnormal state. It was Miles. 
He said in a low tone; “This is a dead end. I overheard the ALVERONS speak of Sonya at the testing facility. This was a trap for us. We’re done here.” 
Miles released my arm and brushed past me toward the way that we entered. I followed. We made it out of the abandoned facility and into the woods without any complications. As we headed back to the transporter, I questioned Miles about his tracking device. 
“I don’t know---I mean---It’s certainly not out of the realm of possibility that they developed something to switch tracking SCATCHES onto another person. I’ve been on Earth for three years so I’m not aware of all the latest technologies the ALVERONS developed during that time.” 
He said this to me in a disgusted voice and I could tell he felt defeated. 
“Look, I’m sorry I couldn’t get Sonya back but I just don’t know what else to do.” 
“We have to keep trying,” urging him to not give up but think of something else. 
“Isn’t there some secret way of getting into the testing base; some underground tunnel?” 
Miles looked at me with a dejected look. We reached KATRAVIN at the transporter who was playing with a hand held gaming device of some kind. 
She looked up---happy to see us but then asked; “She wasn’t there? What happened?” 
“What happened is we just ran out of luck,” Miles said. 
“So, what does that mean?” 
Miles responded to KATRAVIN in a slightly annoyed tone, “It means we’re done here. Let’s go.” 
KATRAVIN started the transporter and we headed toward the city. The ride back to KATRAVIN’S place was quiet. I hadn’t seen this defeated side of Miles; at least not to this extreme. After the crash, he seemed different but his resolve now was shakier than it had ever been. A thought popped in my head that had been bugging me since we left CHANAH’S. Miles was STONIAN yet he clearly witnessed the effects of the weather machine on his own planet from the visual CHANAH produced. Yet, both planets were supposed to be allies. In fact, Miles piloted and executed a three year mission for the ALVERONS; knowing at the very least, the strong possibility of involvement by the ALVERONS for destroying a village on his planet and contributing to the deaths of STONIANS with their weather machine. CHANAH knew the right image to produce that would invoke action in Miles. Then later, Miles spoke of attempts to incorporate technology from Earth to ALVERON’S advances in an effort to be ahead of them. It appears the failure of securing Sonya and testing the tracking blocker on her proved to be too much for Miles who figured they’d just one upped him with their own blocking and deception device. Why the charade to be one of them though. Was it as simple as keeping your friends close and your enemies even closer? This expression couldn’t be taken literally as he travelled light years away from them but it was certainly a power play to gain their trust. 
KATRAVIN’S place came into view. Before we landed, Miles spoke the first words by anyone since we left the abandoned base. 
“Tomorrow we will go to NOBI and find this DRUCKER. Perhaps he will know a way to get you back to Earth.” 
“What about Sonya? I’m not going to just leave her here.” 
Miles turned and looked at me, “Sonya is controlled by the ALVERON’S now. There’s nothing you or anyone can do to change that.” 
I was beginning to feel frustrated again and it came out, “So you just quit? Ok; today we got beat but we find another way.” 
Miles raised his voice to match mine, “We didn’t just get beat William, we got embarrassed. Our planning and effort is meaningless because they will always be three or four steps ahead. Don’t you understand that? I’ll admit that I had a renewed hope after leaving CHANAH’S but now it seems impossible. I’m sorry; there’s nothing we can do.” 
I eased back into my seat just as we landed on KATRAVIN’S apartment building. I remembered CHANAH’S words describing me as either someone important to the events and changes to my world and this one or just another spectator. I had my shot at making a difference to fight the actions of the ALVERONS but failed just as Miles did. We were both insignificant to the future of both worlds and could merely watch as it happened. KATRAVIN said something in her language that sounded agitated toward Miles and left us both in the transporter as she walked into her place. 
In a calmer voice I asked Miles, “What will you do now, that is, now that you’re back in a place where your rulers are at the very least suspicious of you and would probably rather see you dead?” 
Miles didn’t turn his head but paused at the question before answering, “STONIA isn’t such a bad place to hide. I have people there that I trust who would keep KATRAVIN and I hidden from the reach of the ALVERON council. You could be just as comfortable should you choose to stay in the LOMMETRUS. In fact---I prefer it over a visit to NOBI and the dangerous possibility of getting caught but if you want to go home, I understand and I will do everything in my power to get you there.” 
Eventually, we both made it inside where KATRAVIN was already asleep. I sunk into the couch and closed my eyes with the thought of home on my mind. 

Chapter 13

I fell into a deep sleep and dreamt of working a summer on the farm where I grew up. In the dream though, I was older, as were my parents and the responsibility of running my parents farm was solely up to me. I’m in the field; riding on my dad’s combine harvester and I’m guessing it’s October as the trees are full of red, yellow and orange leaves and the harvest for dad’s corn crop is in its early stages. It’s a picturesque scene in the crisp early morning air; sun peaking over the horizon and a fresh thermos of coffee by my side. 
Then something in the distance catches my eye just beyond the horizon. There’s an image in the sky that I initially mistake for a dark funnel cloud near the ground. Tornado; I thought. Without hesitation; I turned off the machine and ran for my parent’s house but then I turned to see the dark image again and realized that it’s actually smoke---a large amount of it too. 
Now in this dream, I’m in front of a rampant inferno. A house has caught on fire and I hear screams from the inside. I try to enter the house but a large and fiery piece of the house collapses in front of the doorway. I run to the other side of the house and it is worse. I feel helpless. 
Then I’m thrust into another image. I’m walking into a prison to visit someone I know that’s inside. The prison guards lead me inside a room with a staircase---where I then walk down the stairs and into a large room with one cell located in the middle of this space. The lights are then flipped on and revealed inside of the cell is a woman with her back to me, sitting in a chair---the only piece of furniture in the confined space. The woman’s long black hair is flowing over the backing of this chair. She’s wearing a white gown and black boots; combat style strangely. She sits there; not turning her head, so I walk toward the cell and then around to face her. I recognize this woman. 
She looks different but it’s definitely her---“KATRAVIN,” I say. 
KATRAVIN approaches me and gazes through the bars. Her lips move but I can’t understand her. Her expression is calm as she speaks words that continue to fall silent to my ears. 
“What is it KATRAVIN? I don’t understand.”
Then I’m back on my parent’s farm. It’s evening and I’m in their kitchen; sitting at the breakfast table, with my parents---they are younger now---as am I at this point. It is now me speaking to them but they are unable to understand. I wake up from that dream only to begin another. 
Now I’m in KATRAVIN’S apartment. It’s dark but I get up to check on Miles and KATRAVIN. They are gone. This intense fear comes over me---believing they have left me for good. I realize that I can never leave this apartment. I’m trapped in an alien world that I don’t know how to live in. I’m going to die here. I walk to the bathroom to splash some water on my face but the mirror catches my stare. I’m old; much older and barely recognizable. What’s happening here? I touch my sunken cheeks and run my hand over my thinning white hair. I begin to feel the changes to my body as aches are noticed in my back and around my knees. The image is frightening to me and this stirs me to actually awaken. 
Miles is up---as is KATRAVIN. They are discussing something in there language near the door. Actually, KATRAVIN was in a position that suggests she’s shielding the door from Miles. I lay there; knowing that they haven’t noticed me yet but I watch them; wishing I could understand what they are saying. 
 “Good morning,” I finally say.
KATRAVIN looked over Miles shoulder as he turned around. I then asked as I rub one eye with the back of my thumb; “Is everything alright?” 
KATRAVIN answered; “Miles is trying to go back to the base. He wants to kill the guards---I’m sorry, kill one of them then torture the other till he gives information about where Sonya is exactly.” 
I lay back into the couch cushions, processing this new development. Well, I was glad Miles had his confidence back. 
Miles spoke up; “Look, I don’t pretend to think it’s the best plan but they are the only ones at this point who can give us any scheme into what Erick is planning for Sonya. At least I will have that information to work with. I need an edge.” 
KATRAVIN shook her head and answered; “You told me they carried vapor pistols.” KATRAVIN then enunciated, “V-AP-OR PIST-OLS. It’s too dangerous.” 
 “I shouldn’t have told you that,” Miles said.
Frustrated; Miles continued, “Well, I don’t know what else to do. I’ve got to do something.” 
I responded to Miles, “Look, you know where she’s at---you said that much last night. The guards at the abandoned base won’t be able to tell you anymore than that so it’s an unnecessary risk. I want to save Sonya as much as you do but we have to be smart about it. We are the only ones who know she’s in danger which means her only chance of making it out of this alive is by us making smart decisions.” 
Miles sat down and then exhaled; “You’re right---both of you are right.” 
I nodded my head; “Okay then; let’s put a better plan together---something that will actually work. Let’s think first---how do we get inside the testing facility?” 
I could tell the wheels in Miles head were beginning to turn. When Miles finally did speak; the idea he presented for getting into the testing facility wasn’t exactly an easy one but at least it was something. KATRAVIN and I listened as Miles laid out the plan in remarkable detail---as if he’d been thinking of it for some time now. 
“The testing facility by the lakes uses hydro-power technology to run the entire plan. The way to get into the base is underwater. There are five or six shafts that feed water into the facility where the water is converted to mechanical energy and then finally to electric energy.” 
I interrupted, “So we’ll just swim into these shafts and pop up inside the base; right?” 
Miles answered; “If only it were that easy.” 
I knew it probably wouldn’t be that easy.
Miles continued; “Let’s talk about the water first or rather; what’s in the water. Because the testing facility is located on the lakes; there is a strong possibility that a creature---which is designed and mutated by the ALVERON scientists, lives near the base; probably as a guard or as some protective measure.” 
 “Do you know that for sure,” KATRAVIN asked?
 Miles shook his head; “I don’t but what I can say about the ALVERON’S is you have to be prepared for everything.” 
This was a statement that I could already attest to in my limited exposure to the planet. 
“What I can say with certainty is the underwater swim will be a long one. The shafts are twenty-five to thirty feet below surface and that is not including the fact that we will need to dive in nearly a quarter of a mile out to go undetected by security at the base.” 
The image of the testing facility was more in focus now. These lakes were huge and the building was actually located on an islet; sort of like Alcatraz only the ALVERON’S made it difficult for anyone to reach the facility undetected. 
Miles went on; “There is also the danger of being pulled into an undercurrent. There is little time to waste as we have no underwater breathing equipment. Every second will be important. If we survive the water phase and make it down the shaft another two hundred and fifty feet without air, we’ll enter a vacuum space where water is stored. This is actually a cave under the base where we can come up for air before we swim underwater another two hundred feet to enter the control room.” 
“The underground control room shouldn’t be heavily guarded; right,” I added. 
“Probably just a few scientists and engineers but anything is possible once we are inside. This entrance allows us to be in the room with access to all the information about the facility. We will have easy access to Sonya’s whereabouts if that information was entered into the mainframe. If not, all of this will be for nothing because finding her in the facility becomes impossible.” 
This type of situation was unfamiliar to me and I only had images of action movies I had watched to even know what types of questions to ask. 
“Will we have any weapons; perhaps vapor pistols?” 
KATRAVIN gave me a momentary look of shock. 
 “No, those weapons are illegal and difficult to get. I have access to some stun blasters in as well as a few other items that might prove useful.” 
“You wouldn’t happen to have any reverse shrink serum among those items would you?” 
“I think your smaller stature will be an asset on this mission,” KATRAVIN said.
Miles added, “No, I’m afraid I don’t have that yet.”
I was disappointed.
 “I think you guys look adorable at this present stature. It’s a good look for both of you,” KATRAVIN said reassuringly. 
She gave me a wink as I was processing the word adorable. I wasn’t sure if this was playful flirting directed at me or if I reminded KATRAVIN of her favorite stuffed animal she adored as a child. Maybe I was right in both observations. Either way, adorable wasn’t what I was going for on this mission.
Miles continued; “Like I said, we’ll be looking for Sonya in the facility and could have immediate access to her whereabouts in the control room so it will be important that we take control of that room quickly and quietly.” 
“I assume the cameras shouldn’t be an issue since there won’t be anyone in the control room to alert security but how will we travel to her cell without being seen by actual security;” I asked. 
“There will only be a guard; maybe two, at the cell chamber. I haven’t worked out how we’ll get past them yet and won’t know until I’ve sized up the situation. What I can tell you is that the evening time has the optimal moments of walking the building if we wish to go unnoticed.” 
This sounded like a reasonable plan to me if everything went our way. The only thing left to discuss was our escape. 
“How do we get out---that is, once we have Sonya?” 
“Listen William; a lot of things have to go right if we get to this point and even then; it’s going to be a difficult task getting four people out of the testing facility.” 
“Four,” I asked? 
“Sonya, KATRAVIN, me and you,” Miles stated. 
“Listen; nothing against KATRAVIN but I don’t think we should get her involved in this.” 
I was thinking of the dream I’d had with her in a cell as a bad omen for her. I didn’t share this dream with either of them though. 
Miles shook his head; “I’d usually agree with you but in this case; we need all the extra hands for stun blasters that we can get and besides; we may be leaving this planet in a hurry and I’m not leaving my sister behind.” 
I didn’t argue but still felt the necessity of keeping a watchful eye on KATRAVIN. Miles then announced that he had somewhere to go before obtaining the equipment for this mission and that neither KATRAVIN nor I needed to go with him on this errand. I was getting used to Miles being secretive about details and didn’t press the issue of accompanying him to wherever it was he needed to go. I was ready to eat something and KATRAVIN offered to bring something up from the kitchen for me while I waited. 

KATRAVIN came back with some crisp bread and fruit that had a resemblance to the pear in shape but colored with purple and red streaks. This fruit was delicious. 
“What is this called,” asking KATRAVIN between bites?
“It’s called a MARGOL. It grows in abundance on STONIA.”
I took a sip of the warm beverage she brought up. Initially thinking it was the bitter tasting GNOCKTA that I’d already tried---this drink to my surprise was different---it was sweet. The drink had a thick consistency similar to syrup. As the syrup beverage coated my throat; I came to the realization that my mind became clearer. 
“What is this KATRAVIN,” I asked. 
She replied; “It’s an old family remedy. It’s not an exact match to what I grew up with but enough of the ingredients are there to do the job. You should feel better after drinking it.” 
I did actually feel better. I noticed the aches in my muscles and joints ceased to remind me of the previous week’s adventures. I kept sipping it as she continued. 
 “I don’t mean to sound unappreciative about your concern over my safety but I was surprised you showed interest in me not taking part in rescuing Sonya. Why are you suddenly so interested in what happens to me?”
 I still didn’t want to tell her about the dream I’d had but needed to come up with something. After another sip of the drink I said, “Miles is my friend and I don’t want to see him hurt. You’re his sister and naturally if anything happened to you it would hurt him greatly.” 
“You care a great deal for my brother---were you friends on your planet?” 
“We were friends at work. Miles was really an interesting person on my planet and easy to like. I guess this experience has allowed are friendship to form a stronger bond. I mean it’s a pretty remarkable experience.”
“Tell me about Earth. What do you…that is…so you and Miles worked together---what kind of work are you in?” 
“We were in the same office actually. While Miles was a computer programmer; I develop marketing strategies for companies and their products. I’ve only been working in that office for about a year. I’d say that is about as long as I’ve known Miles. You should’ve seen Miles….”
KATRAVIN interrupted; “What do you do when you’re not working? Do you have other friendships?” 
“Sure I have friends,” I said. 
I was about to name them when she asked; “What about a girlfriend?” 
KATRAVIN looked a little self-conscious as if she didn’t mean to ask this but it came out anyway. I wasn’t sure that I wanted to answer this question truthfully as I was embarrassed that my dating life hadn’t taken off as I had imagined it would after moving to the city. Even through college and one year at Sorenson and Lankford; I still hadn’t developed enough confidence to be the guy I had envisioned or rather; wanted to be. The sad truth was that my friends were just as bad as me in this area. We’d go out to the bars in the city together; looking, but never taking that next step of actually walking up to a woman and asking for her number or even offering to buy a drink. We were all still losers in our minds. When I finally did take a step in that direction with Stacy---she turned out to be an alien. 
I responded to KATRAVIN’S question with; “Sure, I have plenty of girlfriends on Earth.” 
And as if this answer wasn’t dumb enough I added; “And that’s why I need to get back to Earth.” 
KATRAVIN got up and said; “I hope we can get you back to your planet,” and then added; “I just remembered that I left a glass in the kitchen that I meant to grab earlier; excuse me.” 
I was now alone in the apartment but within twenty minutes or so; Miles walked in with a large bag of equipment. 
“Well, we’ll certainly have plenty to carry on our backs while we swim to our deaths;” Miles announced. 
“Why do you have to have such a miserable attitude,” I snapped back at him. I was really thinking of myself when I said it though. 

Chapter 14

From the moment Sonya arrived on ALVERON; she felt ill at ease. The pursuit efforts by the ALVERON’S to find William and the abductors responsible for taking him, only exposed Sonya’s suspicion of Erick. Now there wasn’t a charade that Sonya or Erick had to continue---Erick pretending to have concern for William’s whereabouts and Sonya playing along. The cards were on the table and Sonya lost; at least for the time being. 
Erick, Stacy and two armed guards escorted Sonya to the facility in a shiny black colored transporter with dimly tinted windows. Except for the driver’s chair and front passenger seat, the transporter had long bench seating situated along the edges of the vehicle. The back of the transporter had a long flat area; like the six foot bed of a truck. And this space was occupied by a GLYSTIN metal coffin. 
Sonya noticed a glass area near the end of the casket that radiated an artificial light from inside its chamber. Eerie; was Sonya’s thought about the light. She also wanted to know what or who was inside this tomb and why it was being transported with her. Standing up to look inside the small glass area was impossible though---Sonya’s arms and legs were shackled to the arm rests and legs of the bench she was sitting in. The tinted glass and night sky made it difficult to see anything outside so only the light from inside the coffin gave any source of illumination inside the vehicle. That pulled at Sonya’s attention---as she felt within herself; someone or maybe something was living inside. It all felt too familiar to Sonya---something Stacy and Erick couldn’t have been aware of---or could they? 
Her eyes moved toward Erick and then to Stacy near the front of the transporter---who were looking at something on the control panel. One of the guards drove but the other; a stone-faced guard, sat perfectly still in front of Sonya; keeping his gaze locked on her throughout the entire trip. This was unnerving to Sonya because there wasn’t even movement in his eyes that betrayed a living being whom occupied the seat across from her. Had it not been for the moments before Sonya had entered the transporter; she would have believed this motionless guard dead. 
The presence from inside the casket kept her from feeling completely alone in the back of the transporter. Sonya then felt a descent in their travel as they were nearing the testing facility. Butterflies in Sonya’s stomach began to alert her of the mess that was going on inside her head. The biggest thing on her mind in that moment was what Erick and Stacy had planned for her. She tried to keep anxiety down by simply refusing to guess but this proved to be an impossible task as she heard Stacy call the place a testing facility before they left the hotel. She conjured up images of needles and invasions of her privacy or what little she had left. Sonya wondered how much longer they’d keep her alive or if by some miracle, she’d be allowed to return to Earth and resume her life. Skepticism crept in Sonya’s thoughts as she realized the impossibility of any normalcy in her life on Earth now. She began to question what she wanted more; death on this alien planet or the awakened status of hopelessness on Earth. Strangely; something felt comfortable to Sonya---she didn’t have to choose her fate---this was now in the hands of her captors. Control of her life and what happened around her was a special skill set she mastered early in life. However, the succession of her divorce; Devon’s passing and now alien captivity added to the list; she felt more out of control than any moment in her life. 
The transporter was given clearance to land at the control center. It flew over the GLYSTIN metal walls and landed in one of the hangers. The guard that had sat motionless for the entirety of the ride from the hotel; stood up, walked over to Sonya and attached a thick metal wire that wish-boned into connections on each cuff and then the opposite end attached to his belt. When the connections were secure; he released the locks from the arm rests and ankles. 
Erick walked over to Sonya; “I think I’ll give you a little tour of the facility before we take you to the room where you’ll be spending most of your time.” 
He then gave Sonya a sneered gaze that caused her to look away.
Then Erick looked at the driver and said; “Take the GARGIAN to lab room M.”
 Erick, Stacy, the stone-faced guard and Sonya then exited the transporter and headed toward two doors. Without so much as a push of a button; the doors opened for Erick and the others. Then they walked down a long hallway where an exposed glass-plated wall revealed an empty testing room. On the opposite wall; there were five individual metal doors with no glass. As they walked down the hallway; Sonya was led into a larger area that was jam-packed with ALVERON scientists in grey lab vest. Sonya became keenly aware that besides Stacy; she was the only female in that room. Erick made a gesture to the crowd and all was still and quiet for his announcement. 
“Gentlemen; I speak to you in the language known to humans; for today marks our first time; in the history of our great planet, that we own a humanoid subject.” 
A roar of applause greeted Erick’s announcement. Erick then raised his arms for the crowd to quiet. He continued; “Today is the first of many steps toward our great planet becoming singular rulers over all life in the universe. It was believed only a short time ago that Earth could be our greatest challenge for absolute control but with this human; we will exceed all of that planet’s advantages and rule it just as we have”---there was a pause by Erick for effect in his speech---“Just as we have ruled the entire LOMMETRUS.”
 A roar from the crowd nearly knocked Sonya back. The guard then led her across the room; almost in a parading manner to a door where they exited. This opened up to another hallway; but this one led to a shuttle area that the guard and Sonya waited in. Then; in a matter of minutes, a silver compact car shot through a tunnel and stopped directly in front of where Sonya and the guard were seated. The door opened automatically and the guard led Sonya into the silver carrier. After Sonya was buckled in, the guard released himself from Sonya; leaving the wire attached to the cuffs intact but placing his attachment end into a port located inside the transporter. The stone-faced guard took a few steps backward and the car door shut. The silver vehicle then shot back through the tunnel---transporting Sonya to the holding cell quarters. 
The ride was a quick and gradual descent. The transporter door then opened; revealing two young looking guards with more verve in their faces than the guard she had just left. They were speaking to each other in their alien language. One of them immediately reached for the wire that was attached to the panel of the transporter and connected it to his belt. This guard also grabbed Sonya’s arm and lifted her out of the transporter and onto the platform. The other guard led the way down another hall and to an artificially lit room with one desk and one chair. The guard Sonya was attached to, released himself and handed the wire to the other guard who then attached the wire to his belt. Sonya was then led into the room; seated in the chair while the guard she was attached to, stood completely still behind her. The other guard closed the door and took his position outside the room. 
Sonya sat there---examining the room and speculating if this would be the arrangement for the remainder of her life. If it was---she was ready for her death. 
The metal chair and desk were the only items in the room worth noting; save for a square panel next to the door that had frantic lines flashing in every direction on it. She watched the lines; trying to pick up a pattern or sequence. After staring at the lines for what seemed like eternity---she did see something in those lines that made sense to her. The north to south lines flashed three times before the lines pointing southwest and northeast flashed four. Then a series of horizontal line flashes would be followed by two thicker lines pointing in vertical directions that flashed twice. Sonya would not have paid any attention to these lines but this kept her mind off of Erick and the boredom of the room she was in. She began to attach her own words to these lines; trying to make some sense of them in her mind. It was a four word or character message she reasoned. 
Initially, she didn’t take it too serious as the first messages she came up with were; ‘am I really here,’ or ‘these guards are idiots.’ Then she shifted her thinking toward the real possibility that this message said something about this room she was in. The first message she came up with was, ‘holding room thirteen B. The horizontal lines flashed thirteen times and the two thick lines represented a letter; the second letter in the alphabet for her language. She liked this idea and began to think of the lines flashing horizontally as words representing numbers and vertical lines as letters or words. The lines pointing southwest to northeast had to be words connected with time or direction. In other words---to say o’clock without a number means nothing or a direction without some number attached to it would seem too general. If someone said, “The store is east of here,” that would be a start but hardly complete for someone actually interested in finding the store. Now, it is likely a person could still find the store but a more complete answer would be, “the store is five miles east of here;” and “if you leave now; you might make it before ten o’clock when it closes.” 
Obviously Sonya couldn’t know if this was actually the meaning of these symbols but it established rules for developing her four word messages. These rules allowed her to think of two messages that were intriguing. The first, ‘Prisoner below; one, H.’ The H would stand for human or it could be an M for Meyers but personal name recognition didn’t seem likely on ALVERON. Sonya played with that message wanting more information provided so she came up with, “humanoid lower; 2 G. In this message; a human prisoner is on the lower level with only two guards. Sonya began to consider the possibility that she had in fact; decoded the message on the screen. This information was sent and available on a main computer somewhere in the facility and there had to be something relevant to her situation on that box. 
Her thoughts on this gave way to the exhaustion she’d felt. The room was warm and her eyes were heavy. Sonya put her head down on the desk in front of her and went to sleep. 
	
She awoke the next day with a headache and soreness in her neck. A different guard was attached to her but he gave no notice of her awakened status and when Sonya tried to find out how long she’d been asleep; the guard was as inanimate as the desk in front of her. Sonya just sat there for what seemed like an eternity until finally the sound of Erick’s voice could be heard on the other side of the door. Sonya tried to stand up but the guard attached to her forcefully placed his hand on her shoulder and she was back in the chair. Sonya looked at the guard who’s gazed stayed fixed on the door. 
Within a few minutes; the door opened and Erick walked in. 
“How do you like your new accommodations;” Erick asked? 
“What do you plan on doing with me;” Sonya asked but still not completely sure she wanted to hear the answer. 
Erick began talking; mostly about the rise of ALVERON in the LOMMETRUS. As Sonya understood it, Erick’s father played a central part in disrupting thousands of years of peaceful community living among the planets. 
Erick continued; “We were fools to play along in that system when clearly we were superior life forms. Then a machine was built that changed the minds of---not just the council but all ALVERONS in the LOMMETRUS system. We could control the weather on each planet; something that the other planets had to respect. Our technology advances didn’t stop there though. We produced great weapons to destroy entire populations on other planets too. This is only used to control the surviving population in that they would see our power and have to submit to our work demands. We are simply taking our rightful place at the front of the line. This takes us to your planet; Earth, in that they have resources we desire. They are rightfully ours as we are the more powerful and advanced beings.”
Erick paced as he continued. “You will initially be studied in various environments and situations. We wish to test the human spirit; which would allow us to strategically plan our attack on your planet. However; if you survive our tests; we will deem your planet a more difficult challenge than we had initially anticipated and allow you to live on one condition.” 
Sonya was trying to imagine what the situations or tests would be but quickly turned her attention back to Erick’s proposed condition. 
“We will allow you to live if you agree to assist our leaders in a trade pact with your planet.”
This condition caught Sonya off guard as she repeated; “A trade pact?” 
Erick continued; “We desire some of your resources and if we can’t conquer Earth; perhaps we can be partners. Our GLYSTIN metal technology is clearly superior to anything Earth produces and perhaps this would be of some interest to businesses all over Earth. This would drive your labor costs down; as the process is easier to produce GLYSTIN than any metal Earth has produced. It would also control some of your pollution issues that will affect the lives of your people in the coming years. Surely you can understand some of the advantages to your planet by using the benefit of an outside source of metal production. Your valuable trees would be saved---not to mention other important resources. We practically produce more GLYSTIN metal than we’d ever use in a hundred lifetimes. Our GLYSTIN technology would revolutionize your construction, transportation and technology industries. GLYSTIN is a superior metal that costs little to make and requires only the trade cooperation with ALVERON for your planet to use.”
“What about the distance between the two planets? And how would you move this GLYSTIN metal in large quantities,” Sonya asked?
“You let me worry about that,” Erick said smugly. 
Sonya understood the bottom line culture of the business community and knew Erick’s proposal would excite at least a few business people she knew. Suddenly Erick had taken on the role of pitchman. Was this why she had been kidnapped? The pitch sounded almost too good to be true and why go to all the trouble of abducting, imprisoning and testing Sonya when all could be avoided by simply approaching a greedy business CEO with the offer? Sonya knew firsthand this bizarre and self-proclaimed god complex Erick personified would fit well with some of the business elite. She wondered if Erick really needed her to negotiate this deal. 
In only a few short days; Erick had displayed a violent temper, disgust for anyone that wasn’t ALVERON and now seemed to have just asked; in his own distorted way---for help. A heightened level of curiosity crept into Sonya as she now wished to see what Erick had planned for Earth and defeat it at every turn. 
Sonya desired to avoid any of the tests that Erick had in mind so she came up with her own proposal that she presented to Erick. 
Sonya said; “I will do all that you ask---in fact, I have contacts on Earth that are already coming to mind and they would greatly desire a first chance at this GLYSTIN metal. Listen Erick---none of this is necessary,” holding up the wire attached to her. 
She could tell Erick was listening intently to her plea and perhaps buying what she said. 
“You have chosen me wisely to lead ALVERON in these trade negotiations as I am sympathetic to your true desire for a trade partner and will help you achieve all your requests for Earth’s resources. Most importantly; I know who controls those resources. This will be a difficult deal to pull off as there are many moving parts but I am the only human that can do it with any level of success. My only condition is that you avoid testing me for your personal curiosities. I am too valuable toward the success of your trade pact plan and I need proper support from your staff. Besides; wouldn’t a soldier or scientist from Earth be a better test case than a marketing strategist?” 
Sonya surprised herself in that she presented plenty of valid points that countered anything that Erick presented. She even relied on her performing abilities to convince Erick that she was on board with his plan. Erick didn’t say anything for a few moments; as if contemplating all that she presented but Sonya knew that this was what Erick really wanted. She had been involved with enough negotiations and deals to see even an alien trying to present worse case next to actual reality. It was a scare tactic and Sonya just called him out on it by showing him that she had to be respected. This realization suddenly made Sonya feel a power over Erick for the first time since she arrived on ALVERON. They weren’t going to do anything to her if she cooperated and this would buy her time to destroy Erick’s plan. 
Finally; Erick spoke, “I’ll agree to your terms human and spare you from the testing but only if I have your full cooperation.” 
He neared Sonya; standing directly over her and then bent over so that his face was inches from hers. 
“But I give you this warning now, we are going to always be watching your every move and if I or my staff feel you are trying go back on our agreement; not fully cooperating at every stage of this deal, your death will be a slow and painful one; not to mention---there will be an all out attack on your planet most certainly.” 
Sonya’s eyes locked with Erick’s. Sonya knew she had to say something to match Erick’s intensity so she said; “Obviously, a room with just a desk and a chair is not suitable for a colleague working with the ALVERONS. The guard attached to me is a bit much too. Certainly---you and your staff can do better.” 
Erick smiled; “I’m afraid this is the best we can do.” 
He walked to the door but turned just before walking out; “Alright, I’ll provide better quarters without the guards but keep this place in your memory human.” 
Erick’s stare toward Sonya was steadied after saying this until he finally left her. There was a satisfaction to this meeting with Erick; knowing she had fought for ground and made some gains today. Sure; Erick had the last words of warning but Sonya presented the version of herself that helped her succeed at Sorenson & Lankford. Finally; for the first time since arriving on the planet, she felt like herself.
Her posture straightened with the back of her chair and within a few moments; the lines on the panel next to the door changed. The guard attached to her then lifted Sonya by the arm and out of the chair. They walked through the door were the other guard was stationed. In an almost mechanical series of movements; they reversed everything that had happened to her earlier until she was standing back on the platform with the original stone-faced guard that escorted her from the hotel. This time; the guard led her down into a hallway where an open elevator door was held for the guard and Sonya. 
The elevator shot up and within seconds; she was staring at a hall similar to the one at the hotel. Sonya and stone-face walked past what seemed like thirty doors to a room at the end of this long hall; where she was led into a room with a bed, desk and chair, bathroom and surprisingly---a large window. This room was better than her room at the hotel. 
Stone-face released his wire from her cuffs and then released her wrists from the cuffs. The guard then turned toward the door and exited; leaving Sonya by herself in the room. Sonya stretched her arms wide; grateful to be free from the confinement of those cuffs she wore nearly an entire day. She looked out the window and could see her view was one that over looked water and possibly a piece of land with trees in the distance. Her eyes followed the moonbeam on the water back toward her and then notice something in the water. At first glance; it appeared to be a thick tree limb floating in the water. Sonya squinted toward the object and then made out a shape---its appearance materialized into something resembling a small raft or boat of some kind. She’d have a better idea what the object was by morning so she turned and walked into her new bathroom. 
Sonya scanned the room. Only a tub, a sink and a counter top. Next to the tub was a small mirror. She looked around the bathroom; surprised at the setup as it didn’t seem to have the overwhelming presence of a room that was being watched. No hidden cameras or large mirrors with watchers on the other side. At least she hoped that was the case. Sonya then turned on the water that spilled into the tub and waved her hand under the faucet for temperature check. Warm water soon filled the tub and Sonya climbed in. She felt relaxed and quietly confident for the first time on ALVERON. 

CHAPTER 15

Miles was prepared for a battle. He brought back wetsuits, diver’s goggles operational with a thin but powerful light attached on the top rim for seeing underwater; water resistant backpacks equipped with stun blasters and shiny, GLYSTIN metal knives. Also, each pack had a communication device. 
One of the packs had some kind of detonator bomb which Miles explained; “Might be needed for an escape diversion.”
KATRAVIN’S pack included the tracking gadget. The final pack included two guard outfits with cuffs and a wish-boned wire. 
The plan from the control room sounded simple but its execution would be risky. When the control room was reached and secured; we would send a transfer of prisoner message to the prison block. Miles would then navigate us from the control room. Dressed as guards; KATRAVIN and I would reach a platform; waiting for Sonya to arrive in a shuttle. Once we had Sonya, Miles would obtain a transporter in one of the hangers near the station. The false impression of KATRAVIN and I as guards, escorting Sonya in cuffs to another destination would buy us a little time but it was the one part of the plan that made me the most nervous. At my present stature, I’d have a difficult time passing for a menacing security guard on Earth and I had my doubts that ALVERON would be different. 
At any rate, we didn’t have a lot of time to waste so Miles went over the plan with us until we could repeat every step back to him with accuracy. We then set off in the transporter just as the planet’s sun was nearly set. This initially felt like déjà vu from the night before but as the ride to the lakes neared an end, something unfamiliar was realized. Tonight’s mission was clearly more dangerous than the previous night. Last night’s failed mission also occurred with a certain element of ignorance as I was unaware of the peril that Miles and I nearly faced with the guards in the abandoned base. I felt a nervous tension now and the only way I could feel normal is convince myself that this apprehension could save my life. 
We then reached a place near the water that put us nearly in front of the new testing facility. We walked down a steep rock laden path to the water’s edge. In the AVERWOODS; it had been the sight of a simple canoe that had dumbfounded me in this advanced technological world. Here by the lakes; a rickety old row boat not made of GLYSTIN metal but actual wood and inside the boat lay two oars. 
This place made no sense to me---wondering why technology’s touch on water travel hadn’t happened on this planet. The swim would be tough---now we added rowing five kilometers to the list of hardships.
 “So, who’s rowing,” I asked.
“I’ll do it,” KATRAVIN answered spryly.
 Miles then said; “We’ll take turns so no one has to tolerate the entire strain of rowing. I’ll take the last stretch since it could be the most difficult.” 
KATRAVIN rowed us out. The water was calm and the scene was tranquil. I tried to calm my mind by scanning the surroundings and taking in the beauty of ALVERON’S moon lit water but I kept darting my eyes back toward the terrorizing testing facility that promised only dangers for me and my friends. I volunteered to take the oars from KATRAVIN but she resisted.
 “We haven’t even traveled a third of the way yet,” KATRAVIN said. 
 When it was finally my turn to row; KATRAVIN made a point to tell Miles that her stretch of rowing would most likely be the quickest between the two. 
“Not likely;” said Miles. “As soon as Baxter is done with his stretch, I’ll show you how it’s done.” 
I was all too glad that KATRAVIN didn’t include me in this challenge. It took me nearly twice as long as KATRAVIN to row the same distance but when we were exactly two-thirds of the way thru with this stretch of the trip; Miles matched KATRAVIN’S pace and then arrived at the dive spot. Watching the two compete almost casually certainly took my mind off of the mission. 
“What do you think William,” Miles asked. “Did I crush my sister’s pace?” 
It was humorous how important this contest was to both of them; especially at a time when our lives could be in danger. Miles’ pace did seem considerably faster than KATRAVIN’S but for some reason the words; “KATRAVIN won,” blurted out. 
KATRAVIN’S pleased voice called from the back; “I knew I’d beat you!” 
Miles just shook his head and handed me a pack and then handed KATRAVIN hers. As he did; Miles said to KATRAVIN; “If we make it out of this alive, I want a rematch.” 
I positioned my goggles to rest on my forehead and then pulled them over my eyes. Miles added; “Next time I will ask a judge that’s not attracted to you,” and then he dove in. 
I froze after he said this. KATRAVIN and I looked briefly at each other through our swim goggles. I was about to say something that would have probably sounded stupid in that moment but she turned to the water and dove in before I opened my mouth. I followed after her. 
The water swallowed me as I sank. I felt for the button on my goggles--- my light flickered on. I could see KATRAVIN well ahead of me already and my body pressed in that direction toward her beam of light. She was already inside the tunnel and I was pushing forward after her but more importantly; toward air on the other side of the opening. I was also mindful of any sea monsters that Miles had implied; which quickened my pace but none appeared.  
I also became aware of the amount of time now under water as my lungs were near panic levels of gasping. I couldn’t though. I was counting in my head and knew that my number needed to reach one-fifty before I could pop up for air. I counted in my head, now at one hundred and thirty-four. My arms and legs began to get heavy. I needed control over my thoughts---I couldn’t panic. Finally, my head popped out of the water and I took a big breath. 
Miles looked at me; light hitting my eyes and forcing them shut. “Are you ok?” 
I could only manage a head nod and then Miles went back under. KATRAVIN was still trying to catch her breath but she soon followed---as did I. The lights ahead of me moved forward toward a smaller opening under the facility. This stretch of underwater proved to be the most difficult as I nearly passed out. I probably could’ve used a longer amount of time in the opening to catch my breath but I was chasing two aliens under water. 
When I popped up for the second time---I was wheezing a bit more. My entire body was shaking and it took every bit of my strength to pull out of the water. I rested on my back for a minute; trying to catch my breath. Miles and KATRAVIN leaned over me. Exhaustion was on each of their faces but they carried the worn out look better than me. They each grabbed an arm and pulled me up. 
Miles, KATRAVIN and I then quickly changed out of the wetsuits and armed ourselves with the weapons in each pack. One detail Miles forgot to mention was how the stun blasters worked. They weren’t as simple as pistols or rifles I had grown up shooting on the farm back home. These were eight or ten inch shafts that displayed four buttons. I could guess which end I’d point at a scientist or guard but which button would I push to activate a stun blast? It turned out; all of the above was the answer. 
Each blaster had four shots so Miles said in a lowered voice; “Make them count and by the way; don’t hit the same button twice.”
“Why,” I asked?
“Because a button already pushed won’t release a shot.”
Miles gave me an unconfident look and then said, “And stay close to me.” 
Miles moved forward. There was an empty hallway with bright light coming from a room at the end of it. I progressed toward Miles and was only a few steps further than KATRAVIN. We stayed near a wall as voices emerged from the room. I couldn’t understand what they were saying nor could I make out how many were in the room. Miles peaked around the corner then darted for the other side of the opening. KATRAVIN replaced Miles at this spot. I stayed behind KATRAVIN. I gripped my stun blaster tightly but noticed the shakes from the rattled nerves. My eyes closed and I calmed myself. I was beginning to get use to the excitement and fear; noticing my senses were locked in another level. 
Then Miles held up a hand---four fingers were up. There are four of them in there; I thought. Then a finger dropped followed by another one, then another until finally one closed fist. Miles rushed in with KATRAVIN behind him. I heard blasts. It was really happening. My legs had to catch up with my brain. I whipped around the corner and immediately saw one trying to jump on KATRAVIN. I pointed my blaster at the alien. A ZEEEOOOO sound came out of the shaft followed by a streak of light that directly hit the target. A scream came from the hit alien that sounded similar in tone to when breaks are applied seconds before a crash or a near crash. I saw another one out of the corner of my eye that hobbled toward me. This wounded alien had Miles’ knife stuck in his leg and was reaching for my stun blaster. I whipped around; backing off a little and shot him with a second blast from my stun gun. Direct hit followed by a screeching noise. This one fell forward; pushing the blade further into the leg. 
I backed up; astonished at what had happened. The element of surprise was truly on our side as I scanned the room to find Miles and KATRAVIN unharmed. Miles was checking one of the pockets in a scientist’s lab jacket. I walked over to KATRAVIN who was doing the same thing as Miles. 
“What are you guys looking for?” 
It was Miles who answered me; “Check that one’s pocket over there and see if he has a metal device that would fit into your palm.” 
I turned the one over with a knife in his leg and searched his pocket. My hand felt something cold and solid. I pulled it out and a shiny GLYSTIN metal object immerged. I held it up.
 “Is this---is this what you’re looking for?” 
A grin on Miles’ face was mirrored by KATRAVIN’S. He walked toward me and I placed it in Miles’ hand. 
“That’s it.” 
Miles put it in his pack. 
“I’ll explain later what that device is but right now we need to get Sonya.”
 KATRAVIN was already scanning the screen from the main computer; rapidly touching the tiny squares with symbols on the monitor and then producing the architectural design plan of the facility.
 “Well---have you found her,” Miles asked?
KATRAVIN gave no indication that she had. 
“We’re short on time---have you found her,” Miles said with a tone that contained his anxious energy.  
KATRAVIN answered; “They moved her; she’s not in a cell. They moved her to a room at the top.” 
Miles asked; “Which one?” 
“Room seventeen,” KATRAVIN responded. 
Miles walked over to the control desk where KATRAVIN was standing. Looking at the monitor he said; “Okay---this can still work. Both of you---put your uniforms on.” 
I threw KATRAVIN her disguise and proceeded to put my own cover on. The guard suits were a silver color; solid from shoulders to ankles, a belt and hat to complete the outfit. The suits had patches on the right and left side that were situated just under the collarbone when I was in uniform. I rolled the pant legs up and stuffed the excess inside the remaining pant leg. KATRAVIN’S uniform fit better on her than mine fit on me and it was after looking at her in the suit that I realized the patches were actually supposed to rest on top of my shoulders. 
This prompted the question to Miles; “Are you certain that I’m able to pass for a guard in this facility?” 
Miles responded; “How many blasts do you have?”
“Two,” I said.
“Well, shoot anyone that doesn’t think you’re a guard.”
Miles didn’t look up at me when he said this but I knew that this charge was meant to mean, ‘just figure it out, I’m busy.’ 
Miles was distracted right now with the main control computer. He turned to both of us and pointed to a door.
 “There’s a hallway that leads to an elevator. Take that up to the fifth floor and follow the hall to room seventeen. The door will be unlocked. Remember; there is very little time so grab Sonya and head to bay four; which is on this level, where I’ll be waiting with a transporter for our escape.” 
KATRAVIN and I moved toward the door but before we left the room; I looked back to see all of the aliens we hit with stun blasts. There were eight total bodies lying on the floor. Miles was reaching for something in his pack. Was it the bomb device perhaps? KATRAVIN grabbed my arm and pulled me through the door before I had a chance to see. 
“Come on; the hall is clear. Let’s go.” 
And since no one was in sight, we ran to the elevator and waited for it to reach our floor. When the doors opened; two guards stood between me, KATRAVIN and the inside of the elevator. They were young looking. I could only hope that neither caught my expression of dread when I initially saw them. Both guards studied KATRAVIN and then looked down at me before making a move out of the elevator. KATRAVIN and I stepped aside as they walked past us. One turned and said something that I couldn’t understand but KATRAVIN was able to reply. Her response proved sufficient as the two guards walked past us and down the hall; toward the control room. I looked at KATRAVIN with big eyes; knowing this surprise on Miles would not be good. 
KATRAVIN pulled out her stun blaster and shot the one on her side in the back. The other turned and grabbed for his blaster but I shot him before he had a chance to shoot KATRAVIN. The second guard fell over the first. 
“Come on; let’s go,” KATRAVIN said.
We entered the elevator. KATRAVIN pushed a button and we shot up. Within seconds; an empty hall lined with many doors on both sides. I followed KATRAVIN out of the elevator and through the hall. We stopped at the last door of the hallway. KATRAVIN pushed the door and it opened. The room was dark but a large window in the room provided enough moonlight; allowing me to make out some of the rooms features. I walked through; ahead of KATRAVIN and to the foot of the bed. 
Even though we were there to rescue Sonya, it was still so surreal; seeing half her face with that long and flowing black hair on the pillow. She looked at peace, as if all these things that had happened to her were dreamt. KATRAVIN nudged my arm. 
“Wake her and let’s get out of here,” KATRAVIN said.
 “Sonya; wake up! It’s me; William Baxter.”
 Sonya’s eyes opened. She popped up; “William, what are you…” 
I interrupted; “there’s no time to explain.” 
KATRAVIN handed me the cuffs and I tried to put them on her wrists but she pulled away and backed across her bed. She was staring at me; not completely sure I was William from the Sorenson and Lankford office. It was dark and I was much different from the last moment she had seen me before my disappearance. All she probably saw was a miniature ALVERON guard.
 “Sonya; it’s me William Baxter. I know I look different and I’ll explain that when there’s more time. I’m here to get you out of this place. We need to go home.” 
KATRAVIN turned on a light near the bed. Astonishment is the only word to describe Sonya’s face when she got a better view of me. I know this because I had that same look on my face when I discovered my new appearance in the mirror that morning before I left Earth. 
“William; is that, could that be you.” 
Sonya leaned forward. KATRAVIN was looking nervous and said; “We really need to go. William’s explanation can be given on our way to NOBI.” 
I turned to Sonya and said; “Here; put these cuffs on quickly.” 
She did but it was almost an afterthought as she continued to look me over. KATRAVIN attached the wire to her belt and we walked out and toward the elevator. I was holding my breath; dreading the chance of anyone else popping out and slowing us down. We made it to the elevator but I wondered if another two or even three guards would meet us when the doors opened. By my calculations; there were two stun blast shots between KATRAVIN and me. I assumed Miles ran out as he opted for his knife to hobble one instead of shooting it with a stun blast. When we left the room; there were eight bodies on the floor and then the two young guards in the hallway. 
The elevator opened and I was relieved to see that it was an empty space this time. We stepped through and shot down to the control room floor. I peeked out before stepping off the elevator. No one was around. My posture eased a bit and I turned to tell Sonya and KATRAVIN that all was clear. We walked out of the elevator and toward the bay area where Miles told us he’d be waiting. As I turned a corner; with KATRAVIN and Sonya behind me, a tall stone-faced looking guard stood there. Noticing Sonya; he reached for his blaster. I tried to get my blaster out but was hit in the arm before I could raise it to fire. The blast knocked me off my feet and past KATRAVIN and Sonya. I landed on my back. Then an intense burn sensation shot through my arm. My head went back and I squeezed my eyes tight as I felt the hot surge break through a bone and push out of flesh on the other side. It was either my scream or a second blast that sounded. 
I couldn’t lift myself to see what was happening. Was KATRAVIN or Sonya shot? My ears were now ringing and my eyes were watered; I was unable to know what was happening around me. Smoke filled my nostrils and I was suddenly having difficulty breathing. I could feel my body being lifted. I heard low tones; muffled, and then---I only saw the dim presence of light through my eyelids. Then all went black. 

Chapter 16

There’s a great ocean; with waves crashing down on enormous jagged rock and the velocity pulling tiny bits of that rock with every collision. The sun’s rays are bright on this day as any sign of cloud cover seems imagined. I am standing on the edge of this cliff and looking out over the endless expanse of water in front of me. The bright light is warm on my skin and I take my shirt off to feel the sun’s penetrating beams with greater affection. It’s not clear to me why I feel the need to be closer to this great source of light and heat but I feel compelled to put one leg out and over the edge of this cliff. There is not a solid surface to rest my foot but only the air that enters my lungs. The air keeps me alive. Why can’t I rely on the air now to hold me over these jagged rocks? 
I plant my foot down and place all my weight on it while lifting the other foot firmly planted on the cliff’s edge. To my surprise, I don’t fall and meet the rocks with a crash like the ocean below me does but rather I move closer to that burning sphere of warmth and light in the sky. I am floating or am I being pulled? It then seems only natural to look back at the edge of the cliff and I scan back toward the land; away from the edge. I observe something that went unobserved before in the distance. While I was surveying the rock and ocean below and focusing on the sun and its warmth---behind me; there were large green shade trees.  Beneath one of the shade trees is KATRAVIN, under another; Miles and still one more in the distance; I can see Sonya. I wave at them to catch a glance or a gesture of acknowledgement.  
“Look, I’m flying,” I call out.
Are the shadows of the trees too great for them to see that I am in the sky? This thought motivates me to move toward them; perhaps if only for a moment and then I can return toward the sun---maybe they would join me. This floating sensation is really something and I want for them to have the opportunity to at least see me. I resist the pull that this sun seems to have on me. It’s difficult pulling away from the light but I’m determined to be noticed by my friends on the surface. I break free from the pull and the struggle becomes less as I fight to move toward the trees. As I move closer to those shade trees though; the pull seems to be coming from them and not the sun. I realize that I am coming closer to the ground and that the floating sensation becomes less as I near my friends. My eyes then focus on the ground and every blade of grass comes into focus. 
I am now smaller than the green sprouts and looking up at the grass blades tips. This lasts only for a moment though and then suddenly I am standing next to KATRAVIN, Miles and Sonya. All three are looking down at me. Their faces are pictures of worry. 
“What’s wrong;” I say. 
My eyes actually open now and the images of my friends disappear. I’m motionless in a bed. Beads of sweat are resting on my brow and my shirt is soaked. Lips---cracked and chapped. It takes a few moments but then it all comes back to me; the rescue and being shot with a blast from the guard. I look over at my arm that has been heavily bandaged. My body is so stiff. I try to pull myself up but it is impossible to move anything but my head. 
I mumble the words in a hoarse tone; “Where am I?” 
I am alone in the room and no one is near me to hear my voice. There are thin beams of light that pass in front of me. I turn my head slightly to survey the surroundings. The room that I’m in is subtle in its dimensions as the tiny window near the top of the ceiling emits only a weak amount of light. I want so badly to rise up and look out the window. An empty chair is next to my bed. I listen for conversation but there are no signs of anyone being near. It is quiet; save for the faintest of sound that resembles air flowing---like wind outside perhaps? I listen to it for awhile but I’m not entirely convinced of it being the wind. Then flashes of the dream I had popped in my brain and I remember the ocean crashing on rocks below. It is then that I realize this sound is water rolling onto land somewhere in the distance. I am near a great body of water. My nose then caught onto the slightest of scents---salt water. 
This discovery was soon interrupted by voices nearing me. 
“If we try to move him now; he may not survive the trip.” 
Another voice said; “Do you understand that the ALVERONS; including scientists and council will be searching for us here. They still have technology capable of finding us. I was desperate when I brought him to STONIA but now we must get to NOBI.” 
“What is NOBI; Sonya asked?” 
“It’s another planet. We were told that someone; a NOBIAN, could help us---maybe get you and William back to Earth.”
 I rested my head on the bed; now realizing that the voices belonged to my friends. We were safe---but for how long? And where was KATRAVIN? Miles and Sonya entered the room. 
“He’s awake;” Miles said. 
Sonya came over to the side of my bed. She took hold of my hand and clenched it in hers.
 “Your safe now; or rather, we’re safe. You did a brave thing William. Thank You.” 
I was happy to see Sonya safe but the more pressing image in my mind at that moment was of KATRAVIN in my dream and behind those bars. 
“Did she make it out of the facility too,” I said in a weak and raspy voice.
 Miles spoke up; “We are not completely out of danger yet. We still need to figure out what is the best way to get William and you back to Earth.”
 My throat was dry but with a throaty exertion; the words, “Where is KATRAVIN,” came out of my mouth. 
It was Miles who answered; “She is safe---resting in the other room right now. We’ve taken turns watching you. She was up all night with you. Sonya and I were coming in to take over.”
 I nodded my head as I closed my eyes; relieved that the dream hadn’t come true. There was so much more I wanted to ask but my voice wasn’t quite back to normal. 
I pushed the word; “Water,” out and Miles fetched a bottle from his pack. 
Sonya’s left hand was still clenching mine but she used her other hand to elevate my head for a drink. The water trickled down my throat; replacing every crack and burning sensation with cool streams of relief. 
Sonya looked at Miles and said; “He is still in no condition to move.” 
Miles responded; “The medicine I gave him will take some time; perhaps or maybe it won’t work at all. The burns and blood loss were extreme.”
 Sonya answered; “What about the ALVERON’S, what about Erick? Can they find us here?” 
Miles shook his head; “It’s hard to say how much time we have but they will eventually come here. The ALVERON trackers are sophisticated beyond any cover this planet has available. The longer we stay here; the greater the risk becomes for everyone involved. STONIA is the closest planet to ALVERON---at least a further planet in NOBI would buy us more time.” 
I’m not sure Sonya and Miles were aware that I was cognizant enough to hear and understand their conversation. My fear after listening to my friends talk was that I had put them in danger as a result of my injured and immobile status. I was determined to not let any threat come on them so I had to convince Sonya and Miles I was well enough to handle the trip. I pushed all the weight I could on my good arm and struggled to push off the bed and raise up. Sonya responded at this sight.
 “William, you are not well enough. You must rest.” 
“I, I can make…it,” I said. 
The truth was though; I didn’t feel like I would survive the trip to NOBI. I winced in pain when my head was turned away from them. The room began to spin and I realized walking couldn’t be faked. 
“Miles,” I said. 
He came over to my side; as did Sonya. 
“Miles, how long is this trip to NOBI?” 
Miles responded; “Remember the newer transporter I spoke of on our way here? You know---the one that reaches an additional 100 KECTOPARCHELS?” 
I managed a smile thinking of our trip here and him talking about his old transporter like a used car. 
“Yeah, I remember.” 
“Well, I took one from the facility. That might have been the only way we managed to escape from ALVERON---that and the explosion that I left for them to clean up. Anyway; traveling in that, it shouldn’t take more than a day to reach NOBI.” 
I nodded my head at this. 
Miles continued; “I’ll prepare our departure. For the meantime; you should lay down and rest---try to eat something.” 
I managed an even bigger smile as I said; “SORPOMPEAU stew.” 

Later that evening; KATRAVIN came into the room with a bowl of her delicious SORPOMPEAU stew. She knelt beside my bed across from Sonya. The two briefly exchanged glances. KATRAVIN then lifted the first spoonful of stew to my mouth. 
It was Sonya who broke the silence; “Your brother is reckless---first with the bomb and now risking William’s life to reach this planet. He is in no condition to make this trip.” 
KATRAVIN responded; “I agree. Miles is a quick healer and certainly doesn’t understand how the human body works.” KATRAVIN paused for a moment and then added; “However; you are wrong about my brother. He cares for William and only wants to keep him safe from the ALVERONS. His intentions are to get both of you to your planet.” 
Sonya smirked at this response; “Keep him safe? Like leading him into the ALVERON facility to get shot---you call that caring for him?” Sonya paused for a second and in a lower tone said; “Or taking him a billion light years away from his home; his family and friends---do you really call that a friend on this planet?” 
KATRAVIN responded; “Miles told me he shouldn’t have placed his trust in the ALVERONS; they were the ones who wanted you and William. He was deceived and only acted incorrectly because of that deception but if Miles knew what he now knows about the ALVERONS; he wouldn’t have taken William. I know my brother. He is good.” 
I felt well enough to add to KATRAVIN’S statement; “Besides, I was curious as I’m sure you were Sonya---about traveling in space and discovering this world. I wouldn’t trade this experience; even now, laid up here like this.” 
I clasped onto Sonya’s hand and looked at her; searching in her eyes for a moment. She was scared but didn’t want to reveal it to me or KATRAVIN. 
“It’s going to be alright. We’ll make it to NOBI,” I told Sonya. 
Her eyes didn’t seem convinced but she nodded her head anyway. Then Miles walked in. He announced that the transporter and all our supplies were ready. He pulled out a vile from his pocket that contained a rose colored serum in it. For a second; I thought he was going to transform me back to my old self; something that would have truly lifted my spirits up for our journey. He then told me that the serum was for pain and healing---it would probably knock me out for the whole trip to NOBI but that he prepared a comfortable place in the back of the transporter for me. The rose colored serum was thick and metallic, tasting like blood. It was difficult to swallow but eventually; the entire vile was empty. I wondered what was in the serum but thought better of asking Miles. 

When I awoke; we were nearly on the planet of NOBI’S surface. The first voice I heard was Sonya’s. There was a clear openness between Sonya and KATRAVIN that had occurred while I was asleep. She was telling KATRAVIN about her son; Devon. I had never heard her speak of her son’s tragic death---I had found out months later; after I was hired on at Sorenson and Lankford. The subject of death was difficult to talk about anyway and I could only imagine the most heart wrenching loss would be a child’s death. Sonya’s eyes were red and blood-shot. Tears flowed down her face as she talked about her pain. I turned toward KATRAVIN and only half of her face was visible to me but I could see the genuineness of sympathy as long running tears flowed down over her cheek bone. I lay my head back; thinking about Sonya and all that had happened to her. She needed someone who would listen to her and found that person a million light years away from Earth. It was profound to me in that moment; just how lonely Sonya had been on Earth after Devon’s death. Her reasons for leaving Earth seemed clearer to me. I also realized something about STONIANS. Despite Miles’ mostly rock-hard demeanor at times; KATRAVIN’S tears displayed that these aliens too felt loss in death. Perhaps KATRAVIN could feel this more than many humans. 
I was only twenty–three but knew the existence of people in my world with little to no regard for human life. I thought of the genocide atrocities and terrorist attacks that occurred on my planet. Then I recalled the visions that CHANNAH revealed to Miles and me about Erick and the evil plans of the ALVERON council. What makes a life form possess so much evil in them? 
I felt the transporter touch down on NOBI’S surface. I looked over at KATRAVIN and Sonya again. This time; KATRAVIN had placed her hands on the top of Sonya’s head as she had done with Miles in the apartment. She said something in her language and then released. Then Sonya embraced her as she would a loved one on Earth. This surprised KATRAVIN at first as her body stiffened up but she soon eased her body and copied Sonya’s embrace. 
Miles came into view; stepping out of the pilots quarter and into the passenger space. He looked confused at the sight of Sonya and KATRAVIN embracing; with eyes still blood-shot and watery. 
“What are you guys doing;” Miles asked? 
Neither KATRAVIN nor Sonya answered Miles. Miles shook his head and then he walked past them and toward me. 
“How are you feeling;” Miles asked me? 
I answered; “I think I’m better.” 
“Good,” Miles said. 
He continued; “We’re going to need to get you out of the transporter but first, I need to make arrangements with someone from the village to keep you while I search for this DRUCKER individual.”
 I nodded my head. “He looked back at KATRAVIN and said; “This is NOBI and we might have better luck gaining someone’s trust if you’re with me.” 
KATRAVIN nodded in agreement. “Sonya will stay with you until we get back. Were hidden right now from plain sight but if you do run into any trouble; I found this stun blaster in the pilots consol.” 
Miles showed Sonya how to use it and then he and KATRAVIN exited the transporter. Sonya came over to me. 
“How are you feeling?” 
“I feel better. I think I’m going to survive this.” 
I was curious about what had happened after I was shot. 
Sonya answered; “After you were hit, KATRAVIN lifted her weapon to shoot the guard. However; before she could get a blast off; the explosion that Miles set off happened and that knocked everyone off their feet. I’m not sure where the explosion came from but the guard was knocked unconscious and only KATRAVIN and I were able to stand. We both lifted you and went to the hanger where I was surprised to see Miles. This whole thing has been like a dream or something.”
I nodded; mindful of all the events in the last two weeks. Sonya and I would be forever connected by this.  
Sonya continued; “He and KATRAVIN then led us to a transporter for escape and I’ve been trying to fill in the missing pieces ever since.” 
I wondered about the explosion and the device Miles had packed. I was certain Miles used it on the control room but wondered how much damage it actually caused. How much of their technology did he destroy? Sonya and I talked about each of our experiences getting to ALVERON and our time spent on the planet. To my surprise, Sonya had stayed on another planet before arriving on ALVERON; a planet named VECILOI. 
“Stacy had some business with the leaders from that planet; ambassador type of stuff as she explained to me,” Sonya said. 
“I was instructed to stay in the sleeping quarters of her transporter while she handled this business. After a long period of time alone in the transporter; I was nervous and at the same time---curious. I wanted to get out and do some exploring. 
It appeared that I was brought into some military base. I sneaked out of the hanger and into a hallway. No one saw me---at least I think no one saw me. Then I moved down the hall and found myself staring through a large glass pane at an illuminated room beneath me. It was the hundreds of beds in the room that caught my attention. Every bed had a solid white sheet over it; covering forms that all appeared the same in size and in shape. My interest in this display moved me down some stairs to an access door to reach this room.” 
“What was under all those white sheets;” I asked. 
Sonya continued; “I wondered that too. I walked into the elucidated room. It was cold and smelled malodorous of death. The room expanded beneath the hallway and even further into another vacuum hidden beyond the opposite wall to reveal more of these large forms on beds; probably hundreds more and each lined up in perfect rows. I walked down one aisle; scanning the entire room. It was an eerie place. I felt evil in this room and started toward the door but before I left; my ears keyed into a sound. My breathing stopped as I tried to identify what I was hearing. My ears recognized a deep inhalation coming from one of the sheets. I turned around and one of the large figures was sitting up but still covered in the white sheet. I ran out of the room and back to the transporter. Strangely; I felt a similar evil presence again on ALVERON.” 
Sonya went on; telling of her experience in the transporter on ALVERON---when they traveled from the hotel to the testing facility. She described the coffin like container she rode with and the fluorescent light that was eerily displayed through a small panel on the casket. 
“They called what was inside the container a GARGIAN,” Sonya added. 
It was the word GARGIAN that would forever produce the disturbing images in the AVERWOODS. I had a flashback of the AVERWOODS; the GARGIAN lair, the GARGIAN’S taunting words and being stuck with ROTIAN monsters looking up at me while Miles and I waited in a tree for certain death in the morning. There were more of these grotesque monsters, I thought? Why was this VECILOI planet producing these monsters and what was the purpose of their existence on ALVERON? I told Sonya of my experience with the GARGIAN in the AVERWOODS---how Miles was captured, tortured and most certainly; would have been killed by the creature. I told her of CHANNAH and the PUNDGER bird---how they had saved Miles and me that night from the ROTIANS and the GARGIAN. We hadn’t realized it but hours had passed as we told our accounts of what had happened to each of us. 
Miles surprised us when he poked his head through the hatch. Neither of us had noticed Miles had opened it. 
“I found a place for us;” Miles said with certainty. 
He came into the transporter and helped me to my feet. Sonya and Miles carried me outside where KATRAVIN was waiting. 
“We can’t risk our transporter being spotted so I’m going to leave it here. The village is close though;” Miles said. 
Sonya then asked; “William; can you make it?” 
I said; “Yes, I’m actually feeling better now.” 
I still relied on Miles for support but the serum was definitely having its effect on me and the freshness of the air was an added benefit to my mental health as well. I was ready; now more than ever---to be back to my normal state.

Chapter 17

The place Miles found for us was a small hostel built into a grotto just on the outskirts of town. From the looks of it on the outside; the place had a resemblance of an abandoned mine shaft. The entrance was without a door but it did have three pieces of thick lumber wedged together to form a frame. We walked past the rough exterior and into a room where a man nearly as short as Miles and me lead us down a torch lit hallway and finally to our room. The man’s demeanor seemed as if he didn’t want to be noticed by us---he made no eye contact and said very little. He quickly left us once we were settled. 
The room was a decent size but was dimly lit. The shadows seemed to cut the room in half. There were two beds on opposite ends of the room and a small round table with two chairs in the middle. I was laid on the bed that was the furthest from the door. Sonya knelt beside me. She checked my bandages that appeared not as blood drenched as I had imagined. While the rest of my body was feeling better; my arm still had a long way to go until it was well again. And even then, the scarring would certainly be extensive. Sonya reached for a cloth and drenched it in water; gently dabbing my arm. She decided that a wet cloth on my forehead might also help ease me into a more relaxed state. 
I heard Miles tell KATRAVIN that he needed to find DRUCKER. 
“We’re low on supplies and we need plenty of fuel if we are going to make it back to Earth. Trouble is though; I don’t know how this DRUCKER person is able to get access to that amount of fuel. Hopefully; CHANNAH is right about him.” 
KATRAVIN responded; “You need to rest. It’s been a long day for you; for all of us---let your search wait till the morning.” 
Miles initially shook his head but then seemed to think more of the idea KATRAVIN presented; so he plopped down onto one of the chairs. Sonya then instructed KATRAVIN to rest in the other bed while she stayed with me. She pulled the other chair over to my bedside before KATRAVIN could say anything. KATRAVIN then nodded her head and collapsed onto the bed. My eyes closed and then I slept. 

Morning came and I felt even better than the day before. I looked over to see Sonya now asleep on the bed and KATRAVIN shuffling the cards from her apartment. I propped myself up and found out from her that Miles had left as soon as the sun appeared over the horizon. She stared at me and then bit at one side of her lip before asking; “Your planet Earth; what’s it like?” 
I shrugged; “Not many differences from the things that happen here in the LOMMETRUS. The planet has cities and a lot of people. There are some beautiful places too. My parents took me to this place called Garden of the Gods in Colorado when I was younger. It was spring and the air was crisp but very comfortable. I loved it because I got to climb on these different rocks. Because the rocks are red, I imagined I was on Mars and I was this astronaut explorer; looking for life or something. It’s funny…”
I drifted off into thought about the trip.
“What is it,” KATRAVIN said.
“It’s just…I hadn’t shared that memory with anyone. I hadn’t even thought of that trip in years.”  
I was remembering more details of that trip and got lost in the memory. 
I sort of forgot about my conversation with KATRAVIN until she asked; “What is COL-OR-AD-O;” asking while sounding out each syllable carefully. 
“It’s a state---a piece of land with borders and its own government---state government. I am from a country that has fifty of those and then has one large government too.” 
I could see KATRAVIN processing this information; trying to understand what I had told her. 
She then asked; “Then which person rules over you?” 
I answered; “No one really. They are just a group of decision makers voted in by the people.  The government officials then decide collectively the most beneficial ways to spend the tax payer’s dollars.” 
KATRAVIN looked confused and I wasn’t sure that my explanation was really helping. While KATRAVIN spoke my language well, there were things for her that would take years to understand in my world. I wasn’t completely sure of everything in my world either. I decided to turn things back to KATRAVIN instead of furthering an already confusing explanation. I asked her something that I’d been wondering since Miles and I first arrived at her apartment. I felt closer to her and thought she’d tell me now while I was laid up.
 “KATRAVIN; I’ve wanted to ask you this but never found the right moment. What was your argument with Miles about---you know---the one you had before he left for Earth?” 
KATRAVIN lowered her eyes. She took a deep sigh and then said; “Our father died when Miles and I were still children so it was our mother who cared for both of us growing up. It was hard on her and Miles really helped out a lot. He was so brave after our father died---as was our mother. Right before Miles left; our mother became ill and she didn’t have many days left. She died while Miles was on Earth. He knew this would happen and I’d have to get through it alone. I wanted him to stay but he told me this mission to Earth was something he had to do. I was furious with him. He gave me his guidance component for the Earth mission before he left though. He told me there was another language that he had learned on it; an Earth language, and that I should try to learn it while he was away. He joked with me that it would be our secret language to one another and that no one in a billion light years would know it.”
 I thought of the GARGIAN and the taunting words he had used in my language. I almost mentioned that to KATRAVIN but I didn’t. 
KATRAVIN continued; “I was angry with Miles but realized that this was his way of helping me grow. I had always relied on him---probably too much.” 
I didn’t have a sibling but felt this brotherly attachment to Miles. The thing about Miles was; he always seemed in control of a situation. Some of this perception changed after seeing failures on ALVERON. Miles could get discouraged like anyone but he was definitely stronger than anyone I’d ever been around. That had to have been difficult for KATRAVIN when he left. KATRAVIN shuffled the cards one more time when she flipped the conversation back on me.
 “So---what does your parents do---for a living that is?” 
I lay back; looking up at the ceiling and then I said; “My dad is a farmer; mostly corn crop and my mom works at the town library. She just does that part time though.” 
KATRAVIN nodded; “A farmer is an important person in the LOMMETRUS. You must have richness in your family.”
 I think she just asked me if my family is rich so I continued; “My dad does okay in the farming business. Sometimes he just barely breaks even. It depends on the year. I never went without but I learned to appreciate what I had.” 
This answer seemed to impress KATRAVIN as her mouth tensed and her eye brows lifted up. She then got a very serious look on her face and asked me with earnestness; “Will I like it on Earth?”
 I hadn’t thought of KATRAVIN traveling to Earth and what her feelings might be as she thinks of a strange new planet. When Miles took me; it all happened so fast. I had the entire journey to ALVERON to think about it but our quick departure and the other uncertainties had distracted me through half of the trip. I really didn’t get worried until we landed in the docking bay on ALVERON. 
KATRAVIN knew the trouble we were getting into at the facility. We were all fugitives and needed as much space between us and the planet of ALVERON. The only logical destination; long term that is, would be to settle on Earth. After all, Miles had lived there three years and now; knowing that she was without her family in the LOMMETRUS--- with the exception of her brother of course; it would only be natural for her to go to Earth and stay with Miles. 
I responded to KATRAVIN with the most reassuring approach I could think of; “You know; your brother made a pretty good human. He was better at human activities than most humans are.” 
This comment not only surprised me but it made me laugh. Then I heard Sonya laugh out loud too. She sat up. 
“Miles could’ve run that company had he not left;” Sonya said. 
“Maybe the country too,” I added.
Sonya laughed even louder now. KATRAVIN looked perplexed.
 “You’re right though, he could have run the company.” 
We each told KATRAVIN our Miles stories to catch her up. Soon; KATRAVIN joined in on the laughter. She gave us some of her own funny Miles stories from when they grew up. It was the last story though; that had Sonya and me in tears from laughing so hard. According to KATRAVIN; Miles had this teacher in grade school with a special interest in the planet’s winged creatures. She’d spend her free time at the beach watching birds fly through the air and taking notes on them for her own personal education. The teacher would also spend some time each week sharing these observations with the class. Well; apparently, Miles wasn’t doing great in this teacher’s class and one day---he got the bright idea to climb this tree and take an egg from this poor birds nest; thinking when this bird hatched, it could be the new teacher’s pet.
“Miles was really hoping he’d be the teacher’s pet though, right?”  
Sonya laughed at my question but KATRAVIN didn’t understand it. 
“I’m sorry---continue---Miles brought this bird into class?”
KATRAVIN continued; “Anyway; he nearly got his head pecked entirely off by the mama bird in an attempt to take this egg and if that wasn’t enough injury---he fell completely out of the tree.”
My side began to hurt from laughing so hard but Sonya was barreled over and on the floor. Tears were streaming down her face now. I understood this as happy tears but KATRAVIN was again confused. She stopped laughing and looked at Sonya with concern. For some reason, this made me laugh even more. I mean I really laughed until my own tears were streaming down my face. KATRAVIN stood up and walked out of the room. 
Sonya and I stopped laughing and looked at each other. Sonya’s face was red; as was mine or so I imagined. I realized that Sonya and I didn’t do anything to help KATRAVIN understand human emotion at that moment. It probably frustrated her or worse; maybe it scared her. Our worlds were similar in some ways but they were mostly different. It would be the ability to understand the little details that would either help or hurt KATRAVIN’S adjustment on Earth. That is---if we make it there.
Sonya got up. She walked over to me and checked the bandage on my arm.
“You know; Stacy acted strange on Earth, just prior to our departure. She wasn’t nearly as polished as Miles.”
“She would’ve probably related better to KATRAVIN in this moment better than what we just did,” I said.
“I should go talk to her,” Sonya said. 
Sonya got up and walked out of the room. I was thinking about KATRAVIN’S story and then drifted in thought to my own embarrassing experiences. Perhaps none of them topped the toy store moment a few weeks ago and the curious little girl that made it known to the rest of the store that I was a munchkin from Oz. I might’ve told that story had KATRAVIN not walked out but then again; I realized the movie reference that only Sonya and I could understand. 

Chapter 18

DRUCKER walked into the CHERKOT FLASHCIN plant but it was not for work this time. DRUCKER was summoned to meet with ALVERON officials. It had been five days since he’d completed his first VECILDOME. DRUCKER’S initial thought was that perhaps this meeting had something to do with the VECILDOME---an additional step that he wasn’t aware of since it had been his first time. However, DRUCKER’S intuition couldn’t allow him to believe that.
DRUCKER; a NOBI from the MEDOAN village, was the central figure in the rebellion revolution group on the planet. He was unaware of the reach his influence had on other villages but for MEDOAN; he was as respected as any NOBI among his people. DRUCKER became a symbol of hope and possibly better days ahead for the village. His message was delivered at the discretion of all involved; thus, the danger would mean that few actually heard DRUCKER speak---although whispers travelled through the village; family to family, and this would be how the rebellion began.  
DRUCKER also thought about the discovery of the ALVERON’S newest technology he’d made before he took his VECILDOME. Could this be the reason he was summoned by the ALVERON council members? He initially thought about escaping with his family but knew the risk would be great. The reach that the OCKTORON poison had on him as well as his children was extensive. There could be no escape for him or any NOBI. The only choice he had; the only choice he ever had was to obey the ALVERON council. DRUCKER reasoned that the OCKTORON poison would’ve already been released had the ALVERON council known of his scheming and that this summons was something unknown to him. 
As DRUCKER had done a thousand times before; he walked through the GLYSTIN metal tunnel and past the immense expanse of FLASHCIN machines till finally he reached the check-in room. Normally; he’d be scanned and sent to his assignment. DRUCKER took a seat; waiting for the guide to lead him into the council room. As he waited; his eyes, for a short time, met with a worker that was checking in. A look of unease from them---as if the worker felt their symbol of hope was in danger.
A young but earnest looking ALVERON guard walked into the check-in room and stood in front of DRUCKER. 
“You are DRUCKER; from the MEDOAN village?”
“Yes; I am DRUCKER.”
“Follow me then.”
Much to the surprise of DRUCKER; they didn’t travel to an office up the stairs but rather---they went outside. In fact; DRUCKER was lead to a black transporter just beyond the enclosure of the CHERKOT FLASHCIN plant. The transporter was different than any he’d seen as it was larger than most and plated with tinted windows. This made DRUCKER nervous and he paused before entering the transporter. 
“I don’t understand. What’s all of this about,” DRUCKER asked?
“You have been summoned by the council. Proceed as you are lead,” the ALVERON guard said.
Another ALVERON guard; this one was older, appeared from the inside of the transporter. His voice was stern when he asked the younger guard; “Is there a problem with the NOBI?”
The young ALVERON guard looked at DRUCKER who finally took the cue to step inside the transporter. The inside had two GLYSTIN metal benches and DRUCKER took a seat that placed him in front of the older guard. The young guard moved past the front of the transporter to the driver’s seat. The transporter then lifted off the ground and moved away from the FLASHCIN plant.

The small NOBIAN camp known as MEDOAN is positioned between the MOMENTRUS mountain range and the low-level copper-colored TESKOH waterway that strews its way into grottos near the site. The land is mostly brown and cracked in some areas. Wind gusts swirl the fine brownish powder that shrouds the camp and its mostly tattered dwellings. A shiny black transporter moves through the village; past the dense spread of dwellings and to the outer edge where only a few smaller tents are dispersed. 
DRUCKER recognizes the area as the place his family lived before the SCHWEXION storm. The majority of the camp that survived moved closer to the FLASHCIN plant. It was on the outskirts where individuals not working at CHERKOT stayed. These were mostly comprised of the rarest of individuals from other planets that had business on NOBI. 
The transporter stopped at a hostel that used to be an active GLYSTIN mine; one of the few places on the planet that had the resource in fact---as it is mostly abundant in EPHIA. DRUCKER’S dad was a loader in the mine at one time. The young ALVERON guard went into the hostel first while the other guard waited with DRUCKER in the transporter.
The ride had been entirely too silent for relief as DRUCKER now realized his death was near. DRUCKER thought of his children and his thoughts surrounded the question of, ‘why he had chosen to lead a movement for rebellion against the ALVERON council.’ Was the sacrifice of his life and his children’s lives worth it? 
The young guard came out of the hostel with an individual walking beside him. Except for the small build, this new individual had the look and manner of a STONIAN. DRUCKER had not been to the planet STONIA and had contact with only few STONIANS over a lifetime but he was drawn to them more than any other LOMMETRUS being. They had a drive; or perhaps it was a passion to them that DRUCKER could only hope for in his people. The STONIANS he encountered were mostly a kindhearted class of beings---untypical for a major planet. DRUCKER never understood why they lined themselves with the ALVERONS. 
The young guard opened the door to the back area where DRUCKER was seated and the STONIAN took his seat next to the older guard.  
“My name is KEETCHA but I now prefer to be called Miles. I am STONIAN as you have probably already guessed but you are confused about my size. Am I correct?”
DRUCKER looked at the ALVERON guard and then at the STONIAN. Miles was speaking in the NOBI language but it took on a strange dialect that DRUCKER was unfamiliar with. This was in part due to Miles speaking mostly human over the course of three years. Still, Miles mastered the NOBI language as well as anyone could.  
“What is all this about. I don’t understand why I’ve been brought here,” DRUCKER said. 
Miles nodded. “I’ve heard that you’re a NOBI of great importance---you are seeking the restoration of peace in the LOMMETRUS. However; I am interested in leaving the LOMMETRUS for good and I was also told that you could help me.” 
DRUCKER was still uneasy. His eyes moved back to the ALVERON guard sitting with them. 
Miles noticed this and continued, “This might be hard for you to believe NOBI but there are many ALVERONS and STONIANS that don’t side with the council. You are safe here.”
DRUCKER took pause for consideration at what Miles had just told him.
Miles---still sensing the uncertainty---continued; “Look DRUCKER, my planet was attacked with the council’s weather machine too. What has happened on this planet; to your village, is awful but certainly not uncommon in the LOMMETRUS. Many lives have been affected by the council’s actions; including friends of mine on other planets so don’t think you’re alone in this struggle with the council. Even these ALVERON guards which you mistrust have known sorrow at the hands of the council.”
DRUCKER studied Miles’ face before he spoke. He then asked; “Why are you interested in leaving the LOMMETRUS? Where will you go?”
Miles reached in his pocket for the metal device that he had lifted from the wounded ALVERON scientist at the facility but then suddenly---he changed his course and went a different direction for an explanation.
 “I am going to tell you something that I’ve only told a few in the LOMMETRUS before today. I’ve told you my name but what I haven’t told you is that I was an exploration pilot for the ALVERONS. I was given an assignment that took me beyond the LOMMETRUS. I went to a place that only the council knew about. This place is a BOUDRED KECTOPARCHELS from here. It is an infinitely younger planet than our system and rich in resources…”
DRUCKER interrupted; “BOUDRED KECTOPARCHELS? That’s impossible. If this place did exist; how did you get…”---DRUCKER broke from this thought for a moment as if remembering something. “Wait; who is it that you said sent you?”
Miles then said; “I want to show you something---something that I see as the crucial element to your understanding and trust but we must leave this place.”
Before DRUCKER could object, Miles motioned for the younger guard to power the transporter and travel to the outer spread of the MEDOAN village. The transporter moved beyond the village and to another abandoned GLYSTIN mine. Miles got out of the transporter and asked DRUCKER to follow. And while the young guard stayed in the transporter---the older guard followed the two into the mine.

Chapter 19

It had been five days according to my calculated method of time measurement in the LOMMETRUS since Miles had left us to search for the NOBI named DRUCKER. I was beginning to worry that something had happened to Miles. My health had improved considerably and I was now prepared for a return to Earth. Sonya and I had taken greater care in explaining our planet’s language, culture, history and people to KATRAVIN. Of course, this could only be described from a perspective only known in our region of the planet but it gave her a confidence that she hadn’t felt only a few days prior. 
KATRAVIN was becoming the intellectual equal to her brother in comprehension of life on Earth with each passing day. Sonya had taught KATRAVIN Spanish; or at least enough that these two were now able to carry on conversations. It was a language that I had absolutely no aptitude for and that went for all other languages that weren’t English. It occurred to me that I actually knew more of the alien words than the Spanish language that was native to my planet. Now; by the fifth day, I was beginning to feel like the alien from another planet---as the two would carry on regular conversations in this tongue. And it didn’t go unnoticed when both of them would look at me and say something in their special language.
Great---I thought with an annoyance attached. I remembered Miles being fluent in many languages and didn’t look forward to this ingredient of the trip back to Earth. Maybe I’ll be placed in the back of the transporter with the food and all the other unintelligent items coming back to Earth.
A knock on the door interrupted this thought. I looked at Sonya and then to KATRAVIN; who then gave an answer in her native tongue. KATRAVIN stood up and opened the door. It was Miles and two other individuals; one I presumed to be DRUCKER. The other one was an ALVERON guard or this is what I concluded from the uniform he was wearing. The sight of this ALVERON guard made me feel uneasy because the last one I had encountered sent a surge of excruciating pain through my arm with a blast from his firearm. Miles introduced DRUCKER but my eyes were still fixed on the ALVERON guard. This only lasted for seconds as DRUCKER walked closer to me with a look that could only be described as astonished. He then stared at Sonya. This made her appear uneasy as the individual introduced as DRUCKER said nothing but continued his gaze. 
KATRAVIN materialized from behind the door and spoke something to DRUCKER who finally broke away his stare toward Sonya. The exchange of the alien language continued among KATRAVIN, DRUCKER, Miles and the ALVERON guard. A feeling of satisfaction came over me when I realized that my inability to understand the conversation was matched by Sonya. It was an insignificant sensation of relief but then my curiosity began to shift in intensity when this conversation went on for a great length of time without any explanation. I was feeling like an outsider again.
I broke the alien conversation with words of my own; “Excuse me---Miles. What is going on?”
 “The doorway or actually a portal was developed by the ALVERONS for travel to other galaxies on from this planet. It is located at the CHERKOT facility and according to DRUCKER---fully functional for use to Earth.”
Miles explained that this portal technology was discovered by DRUCKER in a conversation he accidentally overheard among officials. The ALVERONS were unaware he stood by; listening while explicit design details and operation sequences were being discussed. DRUCKER was an engineer in knowledge through years of labor at CHERKOT but not recognized by the ALVERONS as one. This understanding of the portal came only from the practical experience of working in various roles at the facility. He was not unique in this ability as the ALVERONS underestimated a great deal about his people. And according to DRUCKER, it was going to be important that they acted quickly as the portal would one day be tested for travel to planets outside the LOMMETRUS by the ALVERON council. 
This testing stage of the portal technology made me feel nervous about traveling this way. I thought of being sent to the wrong planet or worse---pieces of my molecular structure sent to numerous places in space. The only comfort I took was that CHANAH must have known it would work or he would not have sent us to see DRUCKER. I was prepared to put my faith in CHANAH from the moment he rescued Miles and me that night in the AVERWOODS. I wondered how Sonya was handling this new development though.
“How do we get to this portal,” I said.
 “The testing base is near the CHERKOT plant and reasonably guarded by day but our best chance for entry will be when everyone is sent back to the village for break. We should be able to access the main tunnel without being discovered but the room where the portal is located could produce our greatest risk.”
It was at this point that Miles addressed the ALVERON guard. The two exchanged a brief communication and Miles continued informing me of the situation. 
“This is a start. ARCHINE just told me he can get access to the personnel data we need for the testing room. He’ll need a day though. We’ll meet back here after the sun reaches its highest over the MOMENTRUS peaks.”
Miles looked at DRUCKER and spoke. He then reached into his pocket and pulled out the metal device that was taken at the facility on ALVERON and handed it over to DRUCKER. For the second time since entering the room, DRUCKER looked astonished. DRUCKER said something in his language but it didn’t seem to be directed toward anyone as his attention was locked onto the metal device. I perceived a glimpse of approval on KATRAVIN’S face that was directed at Miles. 
	
After the guard and DRUCKER left, Miles spent the rest of the evening relaying details of the previous days spent away from KATRAVIN, Sonya and me.
“I was in the marketplace trying to find some initial connection that might lead me to DRUCKER. It was unexpected when I found ARCHINE there. We were in the academy together. Initially, I didn’t reveal my task of finding the NOBIAN DRUCKER but rather used the opportunity to reconnect with old friends. Along with ARCHINE; three of my brothers from the academy were stationed on NOBI. We came together for the first time since graduating from the academy one evening.”
“Was YEPINE among them,” KATRAVIN asked?
“No, he was stationed at the mines of EPHIA after the academy and ARCHINE hasn’t heard from him since.”
KATRAVIN looked disappointed.
Miles continued; “It was the mention of GARGIANS and the council’s attempt to use them as soldiers that revealed to me whether ARCHINE could be trusted.”
“So the GARGIANS are soldiers,” Sonya said.
“Yes soldiers. And how did you know about the GARGIANS,” Miles asked?
Sonya shared her discovery on the planet of VECILOI. This significantly intrigued Miles who shared that more of these GARGIANS were being used to replace ALVERONS and STONIANS from the academy for assignments on the other planets. 
“It would be only a matter of time before the GARGIANS replaced ARCHINE and the other academy guards on this planet;” Miles said. 
KATRAVIN spoke; “So there is unhappiness among the ALVERON academy guards?”
“It’s more than unhappiness. The council stopped support for the academy while I was on Earth and as a result; an end to the academy. The training for ALVERONS and STONIANS ended. The allocation of weapons and combat supplies ceased meaning---they are being phased out and some are reordered as labor for the FLASCHIN facilities on the outer rim.” 
“So their sense is that these GARGIANS will take over and handle the police and soldiering for the LOMMETRUS,” Sonya said? 
“ARCHINE and the others weren’t aware of the GARGIAN reproduction on VECILOI. This would only prove their suspicions to be true. Perhaps this information will allow ARCHINE to recruit more guards for our cause,” Miles said.
“Can you finally tell me what the metal device was---the one that you handed DRUCKER,” I asked?
It was KATRAVIN who answered.
“That metal device is freedom for these people---or at least partially. It’s the only access detonator for the OCKTORON poison in the NOBIANS. It also doesn’t hurt that Miles destroyed the facilities main control switch with the explosion.” 
“I imagine DRUCKER already scheming to gain control of his planet with this new development. What’s left is control of the portal. The rebels would be no match if an army of GARGIANS arrived through that portal though,” Miles said. 
I was beginning to suspect that the portal was not protected by the ALVERON guards but creatures similar to the monster Miles and I encountered in the AVERWOODS. I was really hoping not to see any more GARGIANS for the remainder of my time in the LOMMETRUS.
“What if there are GARGIANS already on NOBI,” I said? 
I caught a glimpse of the fear from that night in the AVERWOODS on Miles face. After all; he’d been the one mostly terrorized by the creature and now there was the threat of more than one GARGIAN.
“We…we will have weapons this time---as will the rebels. Let’s just hope the GARGIAN army isn’t too powerful in strength to defeat the combined strength of the LOMMETRUS planets,” Miles said.

Chapter 20

In the short time I’d spent on the NOBI planet; I came to appreciate the evenings. This was a stark contrast to the AVERWOODS. For one thing; there wasn’t the occasional scream from a weaker ROTIAN being eaten alive---as was the case in the AVERWOODS. On NOBI; the night air brought comfortable temperatures and better attitudes among what was normally just Sonya, KATRAVIN and me. Miles was back with us now and I was braced for his usual entertaining antics that I’d grown accustomed to in the LOMMETRUS. Nonetheless; on this evening, he was in no frame of mind for lightening the mood with entertainment. His thoughts were on that portal---or maybe more than that.
“Miles; how are you so certain this…portal is it,” Sonya asked?
Miles nodded.
“Well, how do you know it will get us back? I mean, we are taking a big risk exposing our position to the ALVERONS without being certain that this portal is our way back to Earth.”
“And even if it does work; how will we know how to use it? This technology is beyond your training Miles. You can’t just figure it out when we get there. We may have very little time,” KATRAVIN said. 
I was beginning to agree with Sonya and KATRAVIN. The details of this portal were sounding sketchy. My enthusiasm to see Miles earlier had worn off and I was becoming clearer minded about the matter now. 
“Maybe CHANAH meant this DRUCKER individual knew of a fuel supply or something. This can’t be the only way back to Earth,” I added.
“The portal is the only way back. I already asked about the fuel for the transporter and no great amount of it exists on NOBI---at least not to DRUCKER’S knowledge. I believe CHANAH meant what he’d said to us back in the AVERWOODS William. We must trust DRUCKER on this.”
“Then how are we going to get inside the building were this portal is;” KATRAVIN asked?
“ARCHINE has acquired the schematics of the FLASCHIN facility and in particular; the building with the portal. I’m expecting him soon to discuss the layout and possible plan of entry. In the mean time; everyone should rest. We have a long and difficult day ahead of us.”
Sleep was going to be impossible on this night. We slept in shifts anyway so I offered the first opportunity for rest to Sonya and KATRAVIN. I was anxious to step outside; albeit briefly, for some much needed fresh air. Miles followed.
“It’s something; how far you and I have come, what we’ve been through over the course of our time in the LOMMETRUS,” Miles said.
“It’s beyond words for me. I could’ve never even dreamt…”
Miles interrupted, “We’ve got to get you, Sonya and my sister through that portal.”
“Your coming too---aren’t you?”
“Someone will have to stay back and make sure that portal is destroyed. I don’t trust anyone else to do it.”
I nodded.
“How will you…I mean, will you come to Earth? Perhaps the transporter,” I said.
“Maybe, but I need to know KATRAVIN will be safe with you. I want you to take care of her. Before, when I left---I knew she’d be fine in the LOMMETRUS. Earth is different though. I mean; there is so much I haven’t been able to tell her.” 
“I will look after her.” 
We stood there for a moment. I was deep into reflection over the past weeks since my arrival in the LOMMETRUS. I was finally taking in the beauty of these MOMENTRUS Mountains and reminded again of my Colorado vacation with my parents that I’d mentioned to KATRAVIN just days prior.
“There’s something else,” Miles said. 
I looked at Miles who was staring back with a slight but recognizable grin on his face.
 “What is it?”
Miles continued; “There is a bar at the corner of Westin and Main near your apartment. It’s in a three-story building where the bottom section looks older than the top half---which I came to find out later that the top half; is in fact, newer. It was rebuilt after a fire destroyed the original top half. Anyway, the owner of the bar is an older gentleman with a salt and pepper face and a thick Irish accent. He has a package that I left for you but you’ll need to ask him for a drink---and not just any drink either.” 
I was intrigued. “What should I ask for?”
“Ask for a drink called STONIESOURS. Do you understand that---STONIESOURS? The gentleman will know it’s you then. When you get the package; don’t open it till you reach the inside of your apartment. That is very important. And make sure KATRAVIN is with you when you open the package. She’ll be able to help you.”
“Help me? Help me with what,” I asked?
“Just get to the package,” Miles insisted. 
I was about to ask him what was in the package when he turned his back to me and walked toward the individual he called ARCHINE. 
“I’ll see you in the morning,” he called back.
ARCHINE opened the door to the transporter and Miles entered with ARCHINE following behind him. The door to the transporter shut and the vehicle lifted off the ground---leaving the hostel and me behind. I stood there for a moment; bewildered and intrigued by this promise of a package waiting on my planet for me.
KATRAVIN then walked out.
“So he’s left then,” KATRAVIN said.
“ARCHINE just came by.”
She nodded and then rubbed her eyes. 
“Your brother is really an odd fellow,” I said.
She looked puzzled by this verdict of sentiment toward Miles.
“Look, never mind. I’m just trying to make sense of something,” I said.
“What is it,” KATRAVIN asked?
“It’s nothing, forget it,” I said.
“So…Does Miles really believe this portal is the answer---our way of getting to your planet?”
“Yeah it is…he does. Look; I think you are going to like it there. I know it will feel different at first but Earth has a lot of good things---things like that SmOreBar and basketball games at Madison and even the rock concerts there. I’ll take you to one. There is so much that I can’t wait to show you. Coffee instead of GNOCKTA…You will be able to someday call it home too. You just have to trust me on this.”
I looked at KATRAVIN and the tightness in her face eased as she stared back at me. She appeared more resolved to the idea that Earth will be her new home. She moved in close to me and took my hand. She stood nearly a head taller than me but she rested that beautiful head on the top of mine as we gazed upon the NOBIAN sunset. 

Chapter 21

The owner of the hostel shook me, “WHAUGHTIE…WHAUGHTIE!”
I awoke to see the NOBIAN’S face. He was anxious. I looked over toward the other bed and it was empty. Sonya and KATRAVIN were not in the room. He grabbed me by the arm and was pulling at me. 
I think he wants me to go with him. I stood up and the NOBIAN motioned for me to follow him. I made a move toward the door outside but was instead led in the opposite direction toward the dark hallway. I followed as quickly as my eyes would allow. The hallway was really a dimly lit shaft. 
After a few turns; it was KATRAVIN’S voice that quickened my steps. The two figures that met us at the end of the hall were Sonya’s and KATRAVIN’S.
“What’s going on,” I said?
“There are ALVERON guards investigating the area for us William;” KATRAVIN said.
The NOBIAN hostel owner said something and KATRAVIN continued; “We haven’t much time. There’s a passage further down this hall.”
A flat stone was rolled revealing a larger opening with a path that descended toward the planets core.
The NOBIAN gave me his glow baton and motioned for me to continue down the corridor. 
“Thank You.” 
The NOBIAN nodded his head and then left us. 
KATRAVIN, Sonya and I moved carefully; descending down into the tunnel. A strange sensation came upon me---there was coldness to this place. The temperature had become unexpectedly cooler. 
“Where does this lead,” I asked?
“It will take us to the other side of the foothill and bring us closer to the FLASHCIN facility;” KATRAVIN said.
I braced myself as I scaled down a steep path laid years ago by some mining crew seeking to extract the GLYSTIN from this cavern. The rock was cold to touch.
“Why has the rock cooled like this;” I asked?
“When deeply imbedded GLYSTIN is attacked or from the miner’s point of view; extracted, its defense is to change the elemental nature of what it was attached to. In this case; the rock was cooled,” KATRAVIN said. 
“So the metal does have life,” Sonya said?
“Not many in the LOMMETRUS know that for sure; although many would suspect it,” KATRAVIN said.
The corridor now flattened out. It was no sooner that we had reached the lowest point of our descent before the passage required climbing the steep paths that lay ahead of the opposite opening. I stuck one end of the NOBIAN’S light baton in my mouth so both hands were free for climbing. This proved to be only useful in the slightest of degrees. The light jumped around as I focused mostly on climbing and not keeping the light steady. Between the sounds of my own heavy breathing and the occasional loose gravel slips; I could hear Sonya and KATRAVIN struggling up ahead. Then a different sound froze the three of us. 
“SCHEEAKKKK, SCHEEAKKKK, SCHEEAKKKK, SCHEEAKKKK!”
It was loud and its echo bounced around the cavern space. I then heard another sound that could be recognized as rattler sounds from the largely dreaded rattlesnake on Earth except this was piercing to the ears; almost magnified beyond comparison. Then the shrill echo of the first sound ensued.
“SCHEEAKKKK, SCHEEAKKKK, SCHEEAKKKK!”
“William; do not make a sound or move,” I heard KATRAVIN call out from above in a hushed tone.
I laid flat against the rock but took a peek below me. The dim remnants of the glow baton allowed me to see a thick and elongated blackness slither on the flattened ground below me. Its presence invoked a fear in me not unlike the sensation felt from the GARGIAN in the AVERWOODS. This sinister creature seemed to flow from the rock below, passing us by like the midnight train in a small, sleepy town. 
The cooled rock felt uncomfortable on my finger tips. They were feeling the freeze. I wanted to let go but I couldn’t. I wanted to climb a little further up but KATRAVIN had told me to lay still. I waited.
Finally, the other end of the creature was exposed. The rattle had become louder at this point. And when it had finally slithered into the chilled rock below---disappearing from sight and all was silent, I quickened my pace up the steep corridor. 
“What was that,” Sonya asked?
“I don’t know,” KATRAVIN said.
“Could we please move a little faster,” I asked? 
Each of us accelerated our advancements and perhaps the creature had caused us to become hyper-focused on each movement as there was no threat of anyone slipping and falling as we continued our ascent. It wasn’t long after that experience that the ground flattened and became manageable for walking. Shortly after that, a light source came within reach of us and we soon found ourselves outside on the other end of the cave.
The warmth of the sun touched my face but my finger tips still had the musing of chilled rock on them. I raised my right hand to examine it. This affect; I came to find out, was remnants of the GLYSTIN’S attack components imbedding into my skin and bones. Fortunately; there wasn’t enough there to make a lasting difference and yet---I was still awed by the permeating influence.
I looked beyond my hand and toward the orange dust clouds sweeping over the landscape unnaturally ahead. Occasionally; a glimmer from the tops of the FLASHCIN building could be spotted. We walked toward the base of the foothill.
“The dust seems to clear up after the sun moves over that peak over there,” KATRAVIN said and pointed. 
I had speculated for days what KATRAVIN was doing in the early morning hours when she’d disappear from the room. Now I realized another similarity she’d shared with her brother---her innate fondness for exploring. This had served Miles well on Earth and would do likewise for her.
“Do we need to wait it out,” Sonya asked?
“At this distance, the dust should move out by the time we reach the FLASHCIN facility. Hopefully, Miles will be near for a secure contact signal. We’ll need him before we advance any further.”
The three of us edged closer to the facility and I couldn’t help but view the shimmering FLASHCIN plant as the final obstacle---with planet Earth on the other side. I considered for a moment the package Miles mentioned and its contents. As if I didn’t need any more motivation to make it out of this alive; that package seemed to have its own inspiration attached to it. I then wondered why Miles chose to tell me about this package now. 
This thought was interrupted by a red flash in front of us and then followed by the tiny fragments of rock shooting up from where the flash landed. The pieces of rock flew in all directions. 
“BACHITAH, BACHITAH.”
Sonya, KATRAVIN and I stopped and looked in the direction of where we heard the voice. There was a figure in sight as the dust settled. He was tall and was covered in an orange and brown jumpsuit with an oversized helmet of the same color, except for the black visor covering his eyes. His weapon was a long brown shaft with five separate points surrounding the end that was pointing toward us.
“BACHITAH, BACHITAH.”
“What does he want,” I asked?
“He’s a SCAVAH; a criminal in hiding. He wants whatever we have on us.”
“OOHBOTAHMASEKATAH…SEKATAH.”
The SCAVAH jerked his weapon back and forth. KATRAVIN slowly lowered herself to the ground and laid flat. Sonya and I followed. I closed my eyes when the shaft of this SCAVAH’S weapon touched the back of my head. 
For some reason; I didn’t think about my family and life on Earth. Flashes of those memories no longer existed; at least, not in my conscious state. The thought that did occur to me stronger than any other was that I’d be the first human killed in this alien universe and that I wouldn’t get a chance to show KATRAVIN my planet. This was my greatest regret at that moment.
Don’t move William. At least…that is what I thought I heard---only it didn’t sound like Sonya or KATRAVIN saying it to me. Did I imagine it? The shaft lifted off the back of my head. I heard the SCAVAH speak but this time the response I heard clearly was the voice from my friend---it was Miles.  
Then a jerked movement came from the SCAVAH followed by the sound of a blast. This almost simultaneously resulted in the SCAVAH dropping to the ground. I saw a dim reflection of my face in the SCAVAH’S visor that was now in front of me. 
I pushed myself up off the ground and raised my head to see Miles standing next to DRUCKER, ARCHINE and a second individual dressed as an ALVERON soldier. 
“How did you find us,” KATRAVIN said?
“The innkeeper told us that he sent you this way. We were careful to travel in the transporter over the foothill---not to be seen but we must hurry as the blast surely alerted the ALVERON trackers over that ridge,” Miles said while turning and pointing to the peak behind him. 
I went over to help Sonya up but she was bent over; clenching at her stomach. Suddenly; everyone’s attention turned to her as she now clearly appeared in pain. She screamed in agony. I bent down to observe that the bottom half of her shirt was now covered in crimson red with a jagged rock stuck into her flesh. I tore a piece of my shirt off and pressed firmly around the rock.
“We can’t pull it out here,” I said. 
“A ricochet from the blast must have caused this,” Miles said distressed.
“She’s in no condition to travel. What do we do,” KATRAVIN asked?
I was worried for my other friend now. It also didn’t go without the realization that our departure from the LOMMETRUS was now in jeopardy of being postponed even further. We had ALVERON guards potentially close; not to mention, I still wasn’t completely recovered from the injuries I sustained on ALVERON and Sonya had lost a lot of blood. Our good fortune of survival so far seemed to be running out.    
“We’ve got to help her, get her somewhere safe,” I said. 
DRUCKER spoke and his words prompted Miles to help Sonya up and assist her to the transporter that ARCHINE and the other ALVERON guard pulled close. Then the rest of us crowded into the transporter and we sped off.

Chapter 22

Our transporter stopped in front of a dwelling made of stacked rocks and shoots from plants native to the region---these shoots were thatched together to form a roof. The sleek ALVERON transporter looked abnormal and futuristic among the modest dwellings it was situated next to. The door opened to the dwelling and a blond girl; a child, appeared in front of us. She spoke to DRUCKER who responded with a tender tone in his voice. This is his daughter---this is DRUCKER’S home; I realized.
“We’ll need to get some clean water and bandages for that gash,” KATRAVIN said to Miles.
Miles nodded.
“We’ll need elements for the remedy too,” KATRAVIN added.
We carefully placed Sonya in a room that had a bed which gave the impression of being worn out at first glance but was significantly cushioned. The blood had dried and her wound took on a new severity when the bulky rock fragment was pulled from Sonya’s side. A loud scream followed by the surge of more blood that spilled out over Sonya’s stomach. Miles shifted his weight so that he applied pressure to the wound. Sonya reached for Miles’ arm and clenched it tightly. DRUCKER came into the room with a GLYSTIN metal cup full of liquid. He placed one hand under her head, gently elevating it for Sonya to drink. After the first sip she coughed and made noises of disgust.
“No, No…I can’t,” Sonya said. Tears streamed down Sonya’s face.
“You must,” KATRAVIN insisted.
She took the cup from DRUCKER. DRUCKER propped Sonya’s head up with padding and then used both hands to force her mouth open. KATRAVIN poured the liquid on Sonya’s gash and then down her mouth as Miles reached with one arm to hold Sonya’s nose. She feebly fought KATRAVIN’S attempt to pour the drink down her throat. I stood there; feeling helpless and curious at what I was witnessing. I was unaware at the time that the liquid she was fighting them would ruin Sonya’s sense of taste for an extended time. The main ingredient was mordant in its raw state but vital to her complete recovery and it would clean the wound quickly; chemically cauterize the wound and ultimately, save her life. The remedy had to be drunk for its fullest effect. It was a miracle element that the human body responded positively to.
When the medicine had been consumed thoroughly, Sonya went into a deep rest that would keep her asleep for days while her body recovered. The effects of the remedy were already evident in the appearance of Sonya’s vicious hack to the flesh but it was explained to me by Miles, her vitals went into a shock after she was wounded. Time was precious and the concoction DRUCKER brought was going to need time for a complete heal. 
“We would have preferred using a manufactured alternative that is similar to the one which helped you recover but none was available,” Miles said. 
“How long will it take? Or rather…how much time will she need before we try to leave through the portal,” I said?
“It depends on her but she might be recovered enough in a few days.”
“A few days…but we haven’t got that much time. The ALVERONS are closing in,” KATRAVIN said.
Miles then added; “Maybe we’ve bought ourselves at least that much time moving into the village. It will take them time to sort through every dwelling in the village.”
“Maybe…but what if they begin their search on this side of the village,” I asked?
DRUCKER then said something to Miles. The two talked and I looked to KATRAVIN for an interpretation.
“They are talking about an underground hiding location they constructed shortly after the SCHWEXION storm. It is near this place. Wait now…what?”
KATRAVIN ended the interpreting for me and spoke directly to Miles in her native language. The two seemed to be arguing now. I looked at DRUCKER who had his own words to add but I still didn’t know what was upsetting KATRAVIN. 
Finally, I stepped between them and said; “What’s going on?” I looked to KATRAVIN who then turned away and then to Miles.
“I don’t think we should risk the opportunity of getting you and KATRAVIN out of here. I want you guys to continue with the plan of leaving through the portal tonight. I will stay with Sonya and bring her back to Earth when she is well,” Miles said.
I had considered the possibility that Miles wouldn’t even attempt to come back to Earth---content with leaving KATRAVIN safe on Earth and away from the ALVERON council. This new development meant he had to get back to Earth. He wouldn’t risk the council finding Sonya and eventually using her for their schemes against Earth or even just killing her. I knew this would be difficult for KATRAVIN though. 
“We can wait a few days---hide in the location that DRUCKER mentioned,” I said.
Miles shook his head. “It will be easier to protect and hide one person. I need you to get my sister to safety. We’ll leave for the portal tonight,” Miles said.
Miles then moved over to where DRUCKER was---standing by Sonya’s side---and the two continued in conversation. I embraced KATRAVIN---she was upset even after Miles explained his reasons for KATRAVIN and me to continue without him.
	
Miles devised a plan from the blueprints of the facility that ARCHINE retrieved. The plan would get us past the two GARGIAN’S at the main door and into the room with the portal. All of this would be done without detection; albeit, KATRAVIN and I would be worlds away before the use of this machine went noticed. A critical area of design in the blueprints revealed a GLYSTIN vapor valve located directly above the main door of the lab room where the portal is presently kept. If this valve was released from the main computer, the GARGIANS and anyone else standing directly below it, would at the very least be knocked unconscious for a moment. Access to the main computer would also work in allowing KATRAVIN and me to get through the main door---as well as powering the portal. And an added benefit to having an ALVERON guard helping us---the main computer room could be accessed using ARCHINE’S GLYSTIN metal security clearance bracelet. Once inside; it would be a similar situation to what happened at the facility on ALVERON. KATRAVIN and I would have to just wait for the locked doors to be breached from the control room---then we’d run into the lab and go through the portal.
Our transporter was cleared for entry into the FLASHCIN facility and it landed between the main building and docking station. Miles pointed at a building that was situated inconspicuously behind three transportation shuttles. 
“According to DRUCKER; the portal is in that building,” Miles said.
 “So we just walk through the front door,” I said dryly.  
“No, you will need to be more discrete than that as the security scans will not allow either of you into the building.”
“Well then, how do we get in?”
“There is a waste disposal outlet that runs beneath the building. Your point of entry is over there.”
Miles pointed to an access door which had a familiar quality of appearance and of size to the man-hole plates I’d walk over on my way to work---except this access door was made of GLYSTIN metal. It was also positioned on the side of this building and not in the ground.
“Once you pass through the entry, you will need to crawl fifteen…twenty feet where access grating can be pushed through for entry into the building. This should bring you into a hallway. Take precaution in traveling down the hall past the lab rooms. When you get to the end; around the corner will be the main experimental lab with the highest security for clearance and most likely; our anticipated GARGIANS in front of those doors. Wait for the vapor to release. The vapor will be overpowering to the senses so you will need one of these to pass into the lab room.”
Miles handed KATRAVIN and I a face cover that was the size of a surgical mask. I tried it on; fitting it over my nose and mouth. 
Miles continued; “It may take several minutes to power the portal. This is where the plan goes into uncertainty for me. Hopefully; between ARCHINE and me, we’ll be able to operate this portal technology.”
This admission of unknowing by Miles gave me the opportunity to express a concern I’d had since finding out about the portal; something I was sure CHANAH hadn’t thought of. 
“Once we pass through the portal and reach the destination on Earth…I mean…where exactly will KATRAVIN and I end up? Earth is a big planet. And is there any way you can ensure we don’t end up somewhere in the middle of an ocean or even arrive at some meeting among a group of Taliban?”
“What is Taliban,” KATRAVIN asked?
Miles didn’t answer KATRAVIN but continued; “There is just no way of knowing anything for sure until I get in there William. Look; this is your only way out of the LOMMETRUS. I trust what CHANAH said to us about DRUCKER---about coming here. Somehow or someway---I just know this works. I can’t explain it in detail but…just trust me. Both of you will be fine.”
Miles pep talk wasn’t the same inspirational stuff made from Knute Rockne speeches but I did realize then that I wasn’t the only one who believed in CHANAH’S purpose for coming to NOBI. He was right. No matter what we encountered on this planet, we could trust that CHANAH was somehow aware of what could happen---that by sending us here to NOBI, there was at least a chance that all of this works out for the good. It was the name DRUCKER that CHANAH spoke of and DRUCKER the man sent us to this place.
“Okay. I trust you Miles. KATRAVIN and I will see you on Earth,” I said.
I moved toward Miles and embraced him.
“Thank you,” Miles said.
I pulled away and looked at him. He gave me a nod of assurance. Tears were coming from KATRAVIN’S eyes now. She put her hands on top of Miles’ head.
“You’ll be safe on Earth and I will be joining you soon,” Miles said.
KATRAVIN didn’t say anything but nodded. However, when she did say something, it was directed at ARCHINE.
“BATTAHBE KEETCHA; BATTAHBE KEETCHA,” KATRAVIN said.
She gave a nod to ARCHINE who then placed his hands on top of KATRAVIN’S head and spoke his own words.
“MACHTU MACHTU KEETCHA;” ARCHINE said. 
He released his hands from KATRAVIN’S head and gave a nod. I then felt compelled to embrace ARCHINE. Miles facial expression appeared pleased at this. Miles also seemed amused at ARCHINE’S own confused facial expression. 
When I released from him, he put his hands on top of my head and said, “MACHTU MACHTU WILL…UM.”
KATRAVIN and Miles both smiled at this.
Then the transporter door opened and KATRAVIN was the first to step out. And it was just as I was getting out that Miles grabbed me by the arm.
“Don’t forget the package. Get to the package first,” Miles said.
The transporter door closed and it moved toward the main building. I stood there for a moment. Get to the package first---what does that mean? Is that the first thing I need to do when I get to Earth or perhaps---could there be someone else after the package? Someone else…but…who?
“Com’ on William,” KATRAVIN said.
She was already at the access door. 
I rushed to her with this new idea on my mind---got to focus on getting back to Earth first. When I reached KATRAVIN; she already had the heavy GLYSTIN cover plate of the access tunnel off. I crawled in first. The space was bigger than the vent at the hotel as I could crawl hunched on the bottoms of my forearms and on my knees. My awareness promptly focused in the distance of that dark crawl space toward the tiny beams of artificial light that shot through the grid cover of the floor above me. 
I could hear the faint murmur of conversation as I approached the cover. There was no telling from this spot just how close those voices were. I lay still now; unsure if it is safe to lift the cover. Maybe raise it for a peak but if by chance the eyes of those in conversation happened to be looking in this direction; KATRAVIN and I would be trapped. No---I had to be certain. I waited awhile till the voices were no more and even a short time after. KATRAVIN nudged me. 
In a whispered tone she said, “We haven’t much time.”
I agreed---we didn’t. Miles and the others probably had control of the main computer now and the GLYSTIN vapor might have already been released. Just as I was about to push through the floor and slide the grid covering over; the sound of footsteps approaching halted my advances. It was in fact; many footsteps that I heard and they were running---running away from the main lab room. I now looked up and saw the hurried movement of feet race over the grid cover. Had the vapor already been released? I reached for my face cover and looked back toward KATRAVIN who had the appearance of being ahead of me in this thought.
The whites of KATRAVIN’S eyes danced; betraying the anxious thoughts streaming through her at that very moment. And then; it was as if she had the capacity to instantaneously ignore the fear, her eyes had steadied and she squeezed past me toward the grid covering. She pushed through the floor and climbed out onto the surface. When I pulled myself up, I saw the thick film of the GLYSTIN vapor at one end of the hall. 
KATRAVIN put one hand over her mask to secure it---as did I. Then as we passed through the damp air and around the corner; two large hairy masses came into view---each laying flat in front of the open lab room doors. I couldn’t conjure up enough courage to view these creatures that had the hellish resemblance of the GARGIAN in the AVERWOODS. Instead; I hurried past them and through the doors---finally catching KATRAVIN who was standing just in front of the projected greenish abyss that loomed in the middle of the room’s floor. I reached for her and she clenched my hand with hers.
“Are you ready for this,” I asked? KATRAVIN responded with a nod of head but I knew probably better than anyone that nothing really prepares you for a visit to an alien planet. 
Our eyes met. I wanted to tell her that she would be all right and that I would make sure she’d be protected on Earth as she had helped me stay safe in her world. It might have been the dangerous few days that had led us to this moment as well as the anticipated uncertainty inside the portal but I did something that even surprised me---and it surprised KATRAVIN. The GLYSTIN vapor had not reached the edge of the portal so I slipped the mask below my chin. I pulled KATRAVIN’S down past her chin. My eyes shifted toward her mouth. I raised the heels of my feet and then leaned toward her and kissed KATRAVIN on her lips. They were soft and warm. I felt a hesitation from her at first but it was brief. KATRAVIN pulled me in toward her. She embraced me. 
I was removed from the insanity around us in that moment. The portal; the two GARGIAN guards waking up from their unconscious state and the alien galaxy that I was still in seemed a distant memory---only KATRAVIN stayed real. Our souls had finally connected. I can’t be sure how long we stayed in that place but it was the rousing of the GARGIANS that finally brought us back. 
“WHAA GEE TAH BOOO, WHAA GEE TAH BOOO;” one of the GARGIANS shouted out!
KATRAVIN pulled away. I turned and saw one GARGIAN still on the floor but sitting up in a daze. The other was now standing. His black eyes were squinted and looking in our direction. 
“We have to jump in before it’s too late;” KATRAVIN exclaimed! 
For a second time now; I reached for KATRAVIN’S hand and clenched it in mine. We both turned toward the portal and looked down into it. An image of plunging into my aunt and uncle’s pond when I was younger culminated when I finally jumped into the eerie pale-green chasm that was the portal door to Earth. 

Chapter 23

The chorus of birds in the trees above awoke me. Then it was the warm sensation of the sunlight rays masking the chilled tip of my nose. I sat up and took it all in. The image of Katravin laid beside me was what brought relief though. It was Katravin whom I wanted to see more than any when I imagined coming back to Earth. 
“It was real then,” I said. 
I took her hand which I gently shook.
“Katravin, Katravin.”
There was movement under her eyelids and then Katravin’s eyes opened. She took in a deep breath of air and then raised forward so that she could sit up. 
While scanning the area; Katravin asked, “What is this place…is it…is this Earth?”
“I believe so---although, I’m not certain and I don’t know exactly where we are. Yes…it has to be Earth. That’s what Chanah had promised.”
I stood up and then helped Katravin to her feet. All was still but in the distance, I could hear a train and traffic noises. We were in the park---in the city park. When I realized this, another noise grabbed my attention near the pond. 
“Honk, Honk, Honk, Honk, Honk.”
There were four geese wadding by the edge of the pond and then my eyes shifted past them to the two runners on the opposite side of the pond. One of them; the male runner, stopped and took a seat on the park bench while the female continued jogging in place. The man checked his music device attached to a band around his arm and then they continued their running on the asphalt path that circled the pond. 
“I recognize where we are,” I said in a low voice.
“What is it,” Katravin asked.
“This is the city park near my apartment.”
“It’s a park …a park,” Katravin said as if sorting through the newly learned language for understanding of this word.
“We’re within walking distance,” I added.
We took the blacktop path that led to the parking lot and then to a sidewalk which ran past Westin Avenue. I thought of the package again. The Main Street intersection would be a few blocks away. At first, the idea of getting back to my apartment seemed reasonable; the package and Miles last words pulled at me though---‘get there first,’ he said.
“We’ll have to make a stop first. Your brother wanted me to pick something up,” I said.
“What is it,” Katravin asked?
“He just said it was a package and not to open it until you and I are back at the apartment.”
Katravin looked around and then shook her head.
“Miles is so; he’s just so…”
“Mysterious. He can be vague and perhaps a tad peculiar. ” Those are words that come to my mind,” I said.  
Katravin was still shaking her head but not at me. Rather, she was thinking of her brother. It was as if she had seen this a hundred times before.
“The bar he described should be this way,” pointing down the quiet Westin Avenue. 
By ten or ten-thirty this street would be busier but not by much. There would be the store keepers and the locals that shopped at this hour and perhaps the occasional police officer that drove his squad car by while patrolling his usual route. I concluded by the inactivity that we had arrived much earlier than that. It felt like an early morning as the air smelled crisp. The bar wouldn’t be open to the normal customers for hours or maybe it would---depending on the drunkards appetites for whiskey that day. I wasn’t sure of anything at this point. 
“Did Miles mention anything about another alien…or rather; some other life form from your system possibly being here already when we arrive?”
“No, he didn’t. Is that what he said to you,” Katravin asked?
“Not in so many words but it seems we are not the only ones after this package. That’s why I think we need to get to the package now.”
“Who else would know about it?”
I shook my head. Then Stacy came to mind. Could she be back? 
“We’ve got to get there before she does,” I said.
“Before who does,” Katravin asked?
“Stacy,” I said.
“She’s back?”
“I don’t know for sure but my guess is that she could be the person Miles referred to,” I said now quickening the pace.
We reached the corner where Main and Westin intersect. It was strange that I hadn’t noticed the building Miles described before but there it was. I must have walked past it at least fifty times before today. It was easy to see how it went unnoticed. The bottom half was a cross-blend of charcoal grays and rose colored bricks. The only thing about the bottom half that looked older was a weather-beaten oak door with fifteen dirty green tinted glass panes. The top half was red metal siding. There was a window; high-above the old door, and white plantation shutters which had been closed from the inside. That was it. No sign advertising cold beer inside or any business name on the outside. 
I pressed on the chilled lever attached to the door and walked in. Katravin followed. A split entry way with five stairs going up and five going down appeared. The natural light that shone through the glass followed most of the stairs going down; however, blackness was at the end of those stairs. My eyes did catch a glimpse of a light on upstairs. We walked up.
CREEEK, CREEEK, CREEEK, CREEEK, CREEEK
There was a room full of round tables and chairs with a stage at one end of the room. On the opposite end; the end furthest from the stairs, a long bar; as well as lined-up bar stools. An impressive mirror that hung on the wall behind the bar had liquor and beer decals lined all around the outside edge of the reflective surface. The dark cherry liquor cabinet was stocked full with spirits and stacked highball glasses. Then the lingered smell of patron’s revelry that carried on into the morning hours tinged the senses. 
Beyond the bartenders work space was a stainless steel restaurant door. A brilliant artificial seeped underneath the slit of where the door and floor met; as well as the diamond shaped window on its top half. So luminous was the light; that making out anything inside the room strained the eyes. Katravin tugged at my arm. 
“The light William; it’s…well it’s strangely familiar to me---be careful,” Katravin whispered.
I then turned to look at her. Katravin’s pupil’s appeared dilated to the tips of each eyelid. The white was nearly gone and eventually gave way to a solid black in her eyes.
“What is it,” I asked?
“A VECILOI,” Katravin said.
“From the LOMMETRUS---why would…”
Then the light went out. Darkness filled the room. 
“Are we in danger,” I asked in a hushed tone?
“I am not certain,” Katravin replied. 
It was quiet. I couldn’t move out of my fear. My hands were shaking slightly. I took a few deep breaths and when I finally calmed myself; it was then that I sensed something---something that was similar to Chanah’s presence weeks ago in my office building. It was also in that moment the words Miles had spoke for getting this package stirred to memory.
“STONIESOURS; STONIESOURS---I would like the STONIESOURS,” I said.
With the exception of a wall clock’s second hand piercing the silence in the room, all was still. Had I said it right? Was this the message; the complete message for receiving the package? I almost repeated it again but then the lights to the bar room came on. The low playing of a Motown classic pulsated from a juke box in the corner. I turned and looked at Katravin. Her eyes were normal now. My eyes shifted back to the restaurant door where a man’s face now appeared through the window.
“Yeahhh…Geez,” I gasped! I stumbled back a few steps. The man pushed through the door and then stood at the edge of the bar. 
He was tall, thin and the lines in his tanned face appeared accentuated next to the disheveled white hair on his head and face. He didn’t speak; at least not initially, as his eyes revealed a mind at work. The man was examining Katravin and me. He possibly wasn’t expecting two people.
“My name is William and this is Katravin. Miles sent us to pick up a package. STONIESOURS was the drink that I was supposed to order,” I said.
“Ye be not’r drink lad,” the man said.
“I’m sorry…I.”
“Come to ther bik,” the man interrupted.
With that, the mysterious man disappeared into the room behind the bar. I looked at Katravin and she nodded. Her face still revealed the uncertainty that I too was feeling but we had been told by Miles to pick this up. My curiosity burned strong now and I was more determined than fearful. I pushed through the metal restaurant door and saw the man standing near a stainless steel ice bin. It was filled with ice cubes to the edge where the sliding door opened. 
“Might ya say’er name agin fer me lad.”
“William…Baxter. William Baxter. And this is…”
“I know huh she be.”
“How do know me,” asked Katravin?
The tall, thin man didn’t respond but instead stuck his arm into the ice bin and through the ice; sleeves even, until his armpit rested over the ice bin’s edge. Cubes of ice that were at or near the top had spilled onto the floor and they clinked and clanked when hitting the concrete. It took a few moves of the man’s arm but his reach found something. He grinned at Katravin and me when he found it. His arm slowly pulled out. He had to jerk it a few times but the package finally revealed in the man’s hand was a metal box---a box made of the metal native to the LOMMETRUS. It was reflective and shiny underneath the artificial light. I stepped forward to examine in closer proximity but the man held it behind him. 
“Ferst ye giv thy word. Yer are huh ya say; giv thy word.”    
“I was only given one word; STONIESOURS,” I said.
“Ander sa Miles sent ya?”
“That’s right. Miles sent me.”
He looked skeptical still but he had taken the time to show us the metal box already. Why doesn’t he just hand it to me? I was beginning to feel the agitation of weeks where nothing came easy. I almost blurted something out that would have been laced with a few curses but he extended his arm with the metal box. I grabbed it with my eyes still fixed on the peculiar man. My fingertips nearly froze on contact.
“Ssss Haaa…wow that’s cold,” I said. 
“I can hold it William,” Katravin offered.     
I gladly handed it over to her and immediately rubbed my hands together; blowing hot air on them as I rubbed. Katravin and the man were both unaffected. 
“So yer ar huh ye say then. Goot fer dhat.” 
        
Chapter 24

“Have you been robbed?” Katravin scrutinized the chaotic status of my apartment. I was just as surprised at the disorder of items and furniture as she was. My couch and chairs had been turned over with the cushions spread all over, doors to my dresser pulled out and personal effects scattered on the floor. The kitchen cabinets were opened and the canned goods as well as the boxes were pulled out. I had a flashback of that morning before Miles took me to the LOMMETRUS. While it had been an interesting morning to say the least; I couldn’t recall being the cause of this much chaos. 
“Someone else has been here,” I said.
I checked every room. This wasn’t the typical break-in burglary as my 35 inch flat screen LED was still connected to the cable and appeared untouched. Also, the Rolex my grandpa had left me sat unmoved from the corner of my nightstand. I cherished this watch but never wore it as the wrist band always aggravated the hairs on my arm. No; the person that had broken in was looking for something else; perhaps the package.
“I don’t think they’ll be back, at least, not for awhile,” I said.
I flipped the couch over and repositioned its cushions for Katravin and me to sit down. I was eager to open the box. It had been difficult for me not to open it shortly after leaving the bar; as the curious nature of the man that handed it over only intensified my interest. However, I considered Miles and his words of instruction and it occurred to me that the apartment might be the only appropriate place for what was inside the box to be revealed. 
Katravin was still holding the metal box close to her. She set it down on the cushion between us. It had two simple flip latches that neither required a key nor combination to open. Katravin released the latches and pulled the top half of the box up. Inside was a vial of green liquid that I instantly knew to be my reverse shrink serum--- the serum I had pleaded for and Miles had promised. This had been the only thing on my mind when we initially arrived on ALVERON but during the course of my time there and on NOBI---I had forgotten about changing back. I held the small vial up and examined it in the light. Katravin’s face emerged through the thin greenish liquid. 
“What is it,” Katravin asked?
“A promise kept by your brother.”
I set it aside to examine the rest of the box’s contents. There were two more items in it. One, an envelope with my name on the outside and the other item was a piece of GLYSTIN metal that was the size of a coaster but triangular in shape. I tore open the envelope. It was a single sheet of paper and Miles’ handwriting. I read out load:
To William,
I trust this letter and the other contents inside the box will find you and Katravin safe. There are things about me and about my mission to Earth that I never told you or KATRAVIN. There is a secret to the LOMMETRUS that ALVERON explorers left on your planet many ages ago; a secret that must soon be revealed for the survival of coming generations in the LOMMETRUS. At some point in our time together; I will have revealed a message to you that KATRAVIN can help translate. Use this information to complete my mission as I am either deceased or detained and unable to continue. Lives depend on you and KATRAVIN so please continue what I have started.
 Eternal Brother,
Miles 
I handed the letter to Katravin; who read it again to herself. I sat back and examined the details of our time together in the LOMMETRUS. The second night came to memory. It was the peculiar story of the great storm and the two brothers that I had thought of first. I relayed this story to Katravin as best I could; carefully adding the details as they came to me. She sat there for a few moments to consider the story. Was this story a riddle of some kind and the secret in this story only obvious to her? When Katravin’s face exposed her confusion, I began to feel anxious about the exact details of the story and whether I relayed them correctly. Katravin’s mind was at work; thinking about this story.
“I…I don’t understand this story. There have been many great storms on the planets. Some in recent memory due to the weather machine but Miles never mentioned any story of two brothers,” Katravin said.

Katravin and I had spent the entire day thinking about the account of this storm and the two brothers and we still weren’t any closer to finding clues that would lead us to continuing Miles’ mission. I studied the curious triangular piece of GLYSTIN metal and then I would read the note again. This led me to concentrate on the story. Katravin and I also straightened the apartment, ordered Chinese from Wang’s across the street and I called my parents while Katravin was in the shower. They were understandably upset that I hadn’t called in nearly a month but they hadn’t sensed anything out of the ordinary.
“I…I am sorry I haven’t called. I’ve been really busy at work on an account but I promise I’ll make time to call if I get busy like that again,” I said. 
“Well you make certain that you do and make some time to see us too. We’re only a couple of hours away,” mom said. 
“Okay mom. I love you. Bye.”
When the conversation ended, I had thought about my present stature and how shocking it would be to my parents if they saw me now. I looked and spotted the vial with the green liquid in it. I took it, twisted the top off and drank it. There was no taste to it going down. I didn’t feel different nor did I have any after taste in my mouth as a reminder. My mind raced with excitement at the sight of Katravin viewing me at my normal height; at being two feet taller in the morning. I felt a confidence brewing in me; something that I hadn’t felt in weeks, not since the afternoon I had asked Stacy out. 
I was exhausted and yet unable to feel the doggedness of sleepiness tugging at me. I should be conked out and asleep now. I wasn’t though---I was ready to take another crack at Miles’ message to Katravin and me. I was convinced that the story Miles told in the BALLASTAH had some greater meaning and I had the renewed energy to find out what it was.    
I would need Katravin’s help. The shower water had been turned off for some time now and I moved toward the bedroom to check on her. Before I reached the door, Katravin appeared from my room. She found my college sweatshirt and she wore it well. The sweatshirt was meant for someone that was 6’3” and it hung on her small frame just past her bottom and stopped mid-thigh; revealing the sexiest legs I had laid eyes on. 
“I’ll take the bed tonight William. Do you need anything in here before I go to sleep?”
“I…uh…no…I was getting ready to plop on this couch for some long and overdue sleep. I’ll just take a shower tomorrow,” I said.
“Okay. Goodnight.”
“Goodnight.”
Katravin closed the door. Within a few seconds; the beam of light at the bottom of the door disappeared. I then turned the lamp light off in the living room and all was dark as I took a seat on the couch. My mind couldn’t shake the image of Katravin in that sweatshirt. I closed my eyes but I just couldn’t sleep. I had this gorgeous woman or…alien in my bed and I was out here, sitting on my couch in the dark. My thoughts arrived to the night on ALVERON in the tree with Miles. If I could sleep in a tree; then I could surely get comfortable on my own couch. I rested my head on one of the throw pillows but my brain would still not rest. 
What was that tune that Miles sang; the one that helped me sleep finally in the tree above those ROTIAN monsters? And then the words came to me instantly; as if I could never forget them. Without knowing their meaning; they were the words that rescued me and carried my thoughts to a better place. I sang them softly; although I had wished Miles had been here to sing them and even better still would have been Katravin singing them to me as her fingers feathered my hair. I made do with my singing voice though and it was after a few times repeating the lines that I drifted off into a deep and restful sleep.
“SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA EATCHE
SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA FETCHE
SCHA SCHA OOH BAADAA EATCHE
SCHA SCHA OHH BAADAA MEI BAHH”

The End

*****

Epilogue

It only took one; although it could have been a few, and that caused enough panic to send an entire village; including ALVERON guards, inside---inside dwellings, the ominous FLASCHIN plant and some of the transporters parked in the area. Only a few but those few would turn into thousands soon. The light brown body with tiny orange dots peppered throughout was not the first indicator to NOBIANS that a swarm of VOUPSI neared the village. And it wasn’t the threatening stingers on each front and back side of the sand insects that initially stirred the multitude of NOBIANS and ALVERONS that day; although these stingers were the ultimate fear of everyone in the area. The real alarm began when the VOUPSI scouts made their presence known---producing their buzzing noise, a sound only produced by the VOUPSI insect and unmistakable to the NOBI inhabitants of the region. The hum of these few tiny creatures wouldn’t seem threatening initially but as the swarm neared; a deafening resonance of buzz din would overcome any conversation that afternoon.
A fly-by could last for days. The story of a fly-by that had once lasted three days grew to five and then eight days by the time DRUCKER had children of his own to warn. In truth; like so much that happened on NOBI, these things were unpredictable. Between the various sandstorms and then sudden rainstorms that were caused by the council’s weather machine, the NOBI people had developed a strong sense of steady alertness. Perhaps it was this awareness to the dangerous exposure of the planet’s surface that prevented more deaths at the base of the MOMENTRUS Mountain Range; where rock slides were common.
It had been the day that followed William and KATRAVIN’S send off and Miles was safe in the dwelling with a recovering Sonya, DRUCKER and DRUCKER’S three children. The eldest of the three; CADIAN, was in her sixteenth year and the spitting image of her late mother as DRUCKER often said. She had been favored by the TARCK; which was a govern ship position assigned to each village, and in MEDOAN’S case---it was a female ALVERON that held the title. The TARCK grew to love CADIAN as the daughter she had always wanted but she was a career officer who then turned diplomat in the ALVERON council and she never could start a family of her own. CADIAN also reminded the TARCK of her sister whom she’d lost to the outbreak of the DRICKONSION illness. This allowed CADIAN to avoid hard labor in the FLASCHIN plant and instead, she became the TARCK’S personal assistant. This became advantageous to DRUCKER for intelligence on the ALVERON’S schemes but he was also careful not to make it obvious that his daughter was leaking information to him. He knew his daughter’s life had been made easier than other daughters forced to work in the FLASHCIN plant and he appreciated the TARCK for that.
The younger daughter was in her seventh year. She was DRUCKER’S little inquisitive shadow; although, she did take an interest in Miles rather quickly. Last evening, when Miles returned with DRUCKER from the FLASHCIN plant, the young NOBI tugged on Miles’ sleeve and asked in her NOBI tongue; “Are you the space man?”
Miles replied; “I am the space man. My name is KEETCHA or you can call me by my space name; Miles.”
The young NOBI replied with astonishment in her eyes; “You have a space ship; yes?”
“Yes, I have a spaceship that is hidden just outside the village.”
“Could I see it?”
DRUCKER sort of grinned and placed his hand on the top of his young daughters head; “Now AMIELLE; Miles can’t show you his spaceship as he and the alien are hiding from the ALVERONS.”
Miles kneeled in front of AMIELLE; although he was still in the shrunken state and had yet to consume a reverse serum. “I promise you; when this is over and if it is alright with your dad, I will show you my spaceship.”
Then a grin flashed across AMIELLE’S face that lit up the room and she nodded when Miles sealed his promise with a wink. The high spirited moment faded as the hackneyed cough of another entered the room. It was DRUCKER’S only son; TRAVEN, who already had two years of labor in the CHERKOT facility. He was in his fourteenth year. 
“You’re going to need some CALHOKE oil for that cough son,” DRUCKER said.
“I know dad,” TRAVEN said.
“Well if you know---then why haven’t you taken it,” DRUCKER insisted?
TRAVEN nodded his head. He moved past Miles and AMIELLE toward the room Sonya was in. The oil was situated next to the bed; half of the jar emptied from Sonya’s emergency.
“That boy will not make it to his first VECILDOME if he doesn’t take care of himself at fourteen,” DRUCKER said.
“Hopefully there won’t be a VECILDOME when he’s in his fiftieth year,” Miles replied.
DRUCKER shook his head. “There will always be ALVERON rule---that much, I am certain.” DRUCKER then made a motion for CADIAN to take AMIELLE into the other room.
AMIELLE was rubbing her eyes and then moved toward DRUCKER and Miles who were now seated at the table. She placed her hands on top of Miles’ head first and then on her father’s. Then CADIAN took AMIELLE into the other room where TRAVEN was already drifting into a sound sleep.
“If you feel that way; then why do you risk everything to lead the rebels,” Miles asked?
“I am torn between the promises of the past and my family’s future. I don’t believe we will ever be totally free from ALVERON rule but maybe we could win back some of our freedoms,” DRUCKER said.
“Absolute freedom is the only freedom worth fighting for. I’ve been to another world where the closest example of this exists. The freedom is shared among people in a civil society. It existed once in the LOMMETRUS and it can exist again.”
DRUCKER shook his head. “Technology will always be the absolute ruler and whoever has it; has the power to rule over people.”
“It is meant to improve their personal fate; not rule other people my friend. Whoever has the edge in technology, in education; has self-government and it can be common among all those who share that way of thinking. People must strive for better; better for themselves and the generations that follow.”
DRUCKER poured GNOCKTA into Miles’ cup. The sound of the VOUPSI swarm was getting louder and both DRUCKER and Miles agreed to stay awake while the insects passed by the loosely pieced dwelling. There was always a risk of one or even a few VOUPSI getting into a place; especially in the village where the homes are put together in a slack fashion; albeit, they are close to other neighboring constructions of similar build which helped the overall strength.
The insect’s stingers didn’t carry poison or even disease. To be stung by one or two would feel unpleasant but nothing beyond that. However; a swarm could kill the unfortunate person in a horrific fashion that happened upon them without shelter nearby. This was why the open NOBI desert was dangerous to travel; at least without a transporter. It would be easy for Miles to stay awake tonight. Miles had seen this killing firsthand when he found a young boy’s ravaged corpse years ago. There were a few VOUPSI still buzzing around the body when Miles arrived and even still---a couple of them were stuck in the mutilated flesh. It was a horrific memory and Miles would forever cringe at the sight of just one VOUPSI.
“Father, I can’t sleep,” AMIELLE said. She stood in the threshold, between the two rooms, when Miles motioned for her to come over.
“Are the VOUPSI going to get us,” AMIELLE continued?
“They are not going to get us. Miles and I going to stay up and keep watch. They’ll eventually move on.”
AMIELLE gave a half-grin to her father and then to Miles. She then eased onto DRUCKER’S chest to which his hand moved to the top of her head. AMIELLE’S eyes moved to Miles---his eyes were scanning the walls and door. He couldn’t hide the uneasiness he felt about the swarm outside. DRUCKER sensed this and asked Miles to tell AMIELLE one of his exciting adventure stories.
“Surely in all the places you’ve travelled spaceman, you must have come upon an adventure or two,” DRUCKER said.
Miles was normally eager to entertain, as William found out in the BALLASTAH and KATRAVIN’S apartment. Between his magic and BACHTOS playing, he could have kept DRUCKER and AMIELLE entertained for some time. His normally good-natured outlook could be rattled by two things though. The first was a swarm of VOUPSI. His mind continued to flash the images of that young boy’s corpse. The other was from an experience in the AVERWOODS with William. Miles had not forgotten the GARGIAN and that torturous evening in his lair. 
I guess it was the urging of a young girl that allowed Miles to remember one adventure. AMIELLE’S eyes lit up at the mention of her father’s request and now she too was adamant for a story. 
“Alright---there is one adventure that comes to mind.”
Miles sat back and looked up into the densely thatched stalks that formed the roof over their head. He was considering where to begin the story---it had been a long time since he had told it. He reasoned that the academy would be the best place to begin as it was; in his mind, when the adventure initially started. 
“I had been at the academy for two years and I was reasonably satisfied with the success of my training. With the exception of one other cadet, I was normally the top student in my class. The other cadet was an older boy; a VECILOI, whose dad was a legend at the academy. When I say legend; he had records in all the key areas for advancement as a cadet. His overall score was the highest and still is to this day. I think this is what gave OBER his drive.”
“Who is OBER,” AMIELLE asked?
“OBER is the son; the VECILOI cadet who gave me my drive. If it wasn’t for OBER; I’m not sure I would have ever pushed myself to the space exploration program that was beyond the academy and the guard training. This was a natural competitiveness and nothing personal; as it was relevant to me and OBER---in fact---I wanted to be friends with him. OBER was insecure though and he viewed me as a threat toward the approval he sought after from his father. What OBER never realized; at least not to my knowledge, he wasn’t competing against me but rather his father.”
Miles paused and thought for a moment about this last statement before continuing. 
“It was only logical that they’d pair us for the most dangerous assignments in the LOMMETRUS during our space exploration training. The one that comes to mind is the conflicts on RIMEAUS.”
“You were involved in that,” DRUCKER asked? “Those were terrible events. How did you survive?”
“I won’t go into the gruesome details of those events because AMIELLE doesn’t need to hear those sorts of things---they’re just not appropriate to discuss. One good thing came from it though---OBER and I finally became friends through those trying times. We were in the southern hemisphere of the planet and stationed in the jungles of CHOBRIA. Those were better times on that planet; after we had survived our stints in BORITAH and MONCTU. OBER and I were received in a generous way by one small village in the jungle. This was only because we had lifted the curse of the VAIFFON in that region.”
“I’ve heard stories of those. They’re a wicked creature,” DRUCKER added.
“OBER and I happened upon the village’s VAIFFON. It was as long as ten WEGOAN freight transporters.”
AMIELLE’S eyes nearly popped out of her head when Miles said this.
“And the rattler was as long as one freight transporter,” Miles added.
AMIELLE held her father tighter. 
“The VAIFFON had killed many from the village, including several of their young warriors but it was mostly their GLYSTIN miners that were slay. I nearly met the same fate as those killed one evening. OBER and I took shelter in a cavern when the rains became heavy and we built a fire on the cave’s edge. I was nearly asleep when I heard it. The sound was close and it stirred OBER and me to our feet.”
“What did you hear,” a wide eyed AMIELLE asked?
“Well let’s see. It was a noise that sounded like;” Miles sounded it out softly not to wake TRAVEN and CADIAN in the other room, “SCHEEAKKKK, SCHEEAKKKK, SCHEEAKKKK, SCHEEAKKKK!”
AMIELLE was eager to hear more as she leaned forward.
Miles was about to continue the story when he caught a glimpse of movement from the corner. It was a shadow that stirred him to his feet and he grabbed one of the stun blasters. He adjusted the setting to its lowest power; where only the faintest of shock beams would be released, and aimed for the darkest corner of the room. 
“What is it---a VOUPSI,” DRUCKER asked?
Miles put one pointer to his lips and edged closer to the corner. He walked softly on the sandy surface of the dwelling until he stood as close to the thin wall as he could. He put his ear to the surface of the wall. It was difficult to hear anything over the buzzing of the VOUPSI swarm outside but Miles sensed something familiar on the other side of the wall and in the adjacent dwelling. Suddenly; Miles nostrils flared and his eyes bulged. He fell back but not before he adjusted the stun blaster’s setting to full power. It was with one powerful blast that pierced the thin divider and shocked the mysterious intruder on the other side. 
A roar of anguish sounded and on the other side; Miles’ suspicions were confirmed through the charred blast hole. It was a GARGIAN. The GARGIAN had smoke from the powerful blast ascending from the thick coat of hair. It was still on its knees when DRUCKER turned to see what had made such a noise. Then the GARGIAN stood up but not before DRUCKER grabbed his blaster. Then Miles and DRUCKER took aim and fired two powerful blasts into the GARGIAN that sent the creature finally to the floor for good. 
Miles took a blade and cut a larger hole to enter through. He stepped over the dead GARGIAN and then moved to the back room. When DRUCKER caught up with Miles in the back room; he was horror-struck. The neighboring family had been beaten and parts of their bodies had been stripped of flesh. There were gag cloths over each of their mouths. None of them were responsive to the sight of Miles and DRUCKER. 
“They’re dead,” Miles said.
“What is happening back there;” as AMIELLE’S voice sounded close?
“Don’t come back here,” DRUCKER yelled out. “Go to your sister and brother.”
Miles rubbed his chin. “Judging from the bruises on the bodies; the GARGIAN hasn’t been here long.”
“How could they have known you and the alien were here---unless,” DRUCKER paused.
“Unless what,” Miles asked?
“Unless they have finally realized my identity as the rebel leader,” DRUCKER continued. 
“Then none of us are safe here---at least; not after the VOUPSI swarm is lifted from the village,” Miles added.
It was then that both DRUCKER and Miles heard the voice coming from a communication device nearby. The device was unlike any communicator that Miles had seen but the volume slider was still similar to the one he had used at the academy. Miles grabbed it and turned the volume up to hear what the voice was saying.
“G5, G5, G5---what is your status? G5, G5---why haven’t you responded?”
Miles turned the volume back down. He set the communication device back where he discovered it but then paused and thought for a moment. He picked the device up and placed it in his pocket. 
“Are there any supporters for the rebellion near?”
“Nearly the whole village but most are scared,” DRUCKER answered.
Miles nodded. “I understand. What if we make it seem like no one else is involved though---could we get help?”
“Without hesitation;” DRUCKER responded, “For me, for my family---the village will always help.”
“Is there a place we could go to hide---a place that’s not even known by the ALVERON’S?”
DRUCKER’S eyes widened. “The tunnel from ROPALLI’S dwelling would lead us to such a place.”
How far is ROPALLI’S dwelling from here,” Miles asked?
“We have five dwellings to cross before we’d reach his.”
Miles pointed toward the opposite dividing wall that faced the charred opening Miles had shot through.  
“And hopefully ROPALLI’S is this way,” Miles added.
“Yes; how did you…;” DRUCKER then paused and turned to the opening that divided the dwelling they and the dead GARGIAN were in. He looked through the hole at the table where they had been seated.
“They can’t check this place until the VOUPSI is decreased. It would give us a head start and Sonya should be ready for the trip in the morning,” Miles said.
Unable to hide his admiration, DRUCKER said; “You’re a cunning STONIAN; KEETCHA. I’m glad we’re on the same side.” 
The two then worked together to execute Miles’ plan for escape.

*****



