The Argent Star
D.L. Miles

Copyright 2015 by D.L. Miles
All rights reserved
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All characters appearing in this work are fictitious.  Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Cover design by yocladesigns.com




The Argent Star

Living on the last surviving island on Earth, Ren has put herself on the path to become an archaeologist.  She’s defied her father’s wishes and gone out on her own, barely keeping in contact with him as he commands an army somewhere across the universe.  And it was all going well until her brother Elian discovered a planet.
Lost for centuries, Novae was thought to be a legend.  It vanished years ago and since being rediscovered the Monarchy has stepped in to take over.  What Ren didn’t realize was that she and Elian and their father are the chosen leaders of Novae, thanks to a scorched piece of paper that claimed her ancestor named the star Novae orbits.
With suspicion and doubt, Ren is forced leave her life on Earth to go to Novae with her estranged father and rule over the planet she doesn’t think wants her there.  Her suspicions are confirmed when she learns there are insurgents hiding in the darkened forests, and her father assigns her a guardian, Sheridan; a woman with a threatening gaze and silent steps. 
Now Ren is just trying to stay alive long enough to figure out what the Monarchy is planning for the planet, because she doesn’t believe that they’re on Novae for the good of the people.  But going against the Monarchy means going against a government that spans across galaxies, and Ren doesn’t know if she’ll be enough.
Novae is already at civil war, that gets worse with each passing day.  Ren doesn’t have long before the Monarchy steps in to “neutralize” the threat.  Will she be able to stop the hostile takeover?  Or will her actions ignite a rebellion across the universe?



More by D.L. Miles

The Monarchy
The Argent Star
The Howling Jade 

The Ethereal Crossings
Shadeland
Fenridge
Northcliffe
Glenbrook

Goderich Girl
Violet 24
Rouge 52

The Dark Origins
Shimmering
Igniting
Phasing

Love Notes to Nightmares
With Cross & Charm
Threads of Chaos
The Gifts of Hannah Best
Astral Bodies



Prologue

Transmission status…ON.
Recognizing…Captain Linda Brackenreed.
Accessing…PERSONAL LOG.
Date… July 2114.
Transmission status…RECORDING.

If she is wrong then we will surely die…but if she is right…we could be free.

Transmission status…FAILED.
ERROR.



Chapter 1

September, 2453

Ren’s head fell onto the book as a warm breeze drifted through the open window, fluttering her hair over her eyes.  Her thoughts were slow and scattered as she tried to make sense of where she was.  Still groggy from her studies, her eyes felt fragile, as if they could crack and shatter with each blink.  The orange haze of the rising sun was a blinding reminder that she’d stayed overnight in the university again.  She blinked a few more times until her vision cleared.
Ren straightened, her muscles aching while her bones cracked and popped.  Lacing her fingers through her hair she pushed her bangs back, only to let them fall again in front of her eyes.  She checked the time when her eyes adjusted to the light and saw that it was just past five in the morning.
“Perfect,” Ren muttered, shifting her shoulder back and feeling a satisfying crack as it set in place. 
“Coffee?” someone asked.  A steaming cup was set beside her, right next to a small puddle of drool and dozens of books.  She rubbed at her face, feeling the indents her sleeve had etched into her skin.
“Thanks,” Ren answered, already reaching for the coffee.  Naomi came around and began to flip lazily through some pages, another cup in her hand.  She took a sip.
“You need to stop these all-nighters,” Naomi warned.  “Your father will kill me.  Do you never learn?”
“If he didn’t kill you for helping me get into the program, he won’t kill you for me staying,” Ren replied with a half-hearted smile.
Naomi arched her eyebrows and didn’t say anything, choosing to take another gulp of coffee.  She was Ren’s advisor while Ren studied at the University, and it had been a hard-earned placement for both of them.
“He commands the Scows,” Naomi said.  “If he wanted me dead he could have it done.”
“He commands the Scows,” Ren repeated, “if he wanted you dead he would do it himself.”
Naomi mulled that over as she leaned her hip against the hardwood.  “True.  Are you going to go home before class?”
Ren sighed.  “I should shower.”
“But?” Naomi prodded, knowing her disciple better than herself.
“But I was onto something last night,” Ren went on.  She searched the ancient books in front of her, trying to remember what she had been doing last.  “I just…”
Naomi rolled her eyes.  “Can’t remember.  Why don’t you go home?  Skip class for the day.  You’ve done enough research and assignments to graduate twice.”
Ren stalled.  “I could just—”
“Go,” ordered Naomi.  “And don’t come back until tomorrow, at least.”
“What about my coffee?” Ren tried to bargain.
But Naomi had an answer for that too.  “I’ll have the honour of finishing it off.”  She picked up the steaming cup and took a sip, laying claim to the liquid.  Ren was defeated, and she could already feel her bracelet buzzing with a call to distract her from Naomi’s insistent mothering.
She tapped the little blue square and it lit up green.  “Hello?” she asked.
“Hey, it’s me,” Elian said.  “You better get your ass down here or you’re going to miss it.”  He’d always had a way with words.
“Miss what?” Ren asked.  
“Only me discovering a new planet,” he shouted.  “Hurry up!”
Ren hurried, but only to make Elian stop yelling in her ear.  As she ran out of the library, tripping over a few books on the way, Naomi loudly reminded her to go home.  Ren absently agreed because her mind was still a little hazy from such a rough sleep.
Dashing down the sparkling stone corridors, Ren almost slipped on the freshly cleaned floors.  Marble pillars connected with more white stone to showcase the courtyard and all it’s natural beauty.  Oak trees and grass were a rare sight nowadays and Ren considered herself lucky to be able to see it every day while going between classes.  A few birds flew past, escapees from the sanctuary across the way.  Dr. Arlen, her first year biology professor, began chasing them while carrying seed in his hands.  “Wait,” he called, “wait, come back!”
Ren felt a little guilty for not stopping to help.  But without much time to spare she found herself getting more and more excited the faster she ran.  Had Elian really found a new planet?
She didn’t want to wait for the opening to get into the courtyard so she hopped over the marble, much like Dr. Arlen had, and headed for the rounded roof of the Observatory.  
The doors slammed against the wall as Ren burst through, only to see Elian grinning beside the monitor.  He fell backwards into his chair, swirling in a circle before he came to a stop and said, “I found a planet.”
She looked at the screen, at the blue and green orb that spun there.  Numbers sat on the edge of the screen, blinking out the planets coordinates.  Beside Elian, Ren could see books he’d used to research where the planet was, and if someone had already discovered it before him.  With so many scows out searching for new life, it was amazing that there was still anything to be found.
“It looks habitable,” Ren said, moving closer to the screen.  Elian smiled wide and brushed his hair out of his face.  But much like Ren’s it had a mind of it’s own, and fell back into his eyes.  “And those coordinates look close to Earth.”
“It is,” he said.  “I actually found it about like…five months ago, and my readings just came back.”  He leaned forward.  “There’s life there.”
I arched my brow.  “How do you know?”
“I might have modified the universities scope,” he said with a shrug.  He swung the chair to face the screen while Ren stood behind him, watching her brother in awe.  The keys clicked as he typed in a code, and the screen zoomed in closer.
“What did you do?” she asked.
“I said I modified it,” Elian replied.  “And see those squares?”  He pointed to the small brown splotches on the screen, hidden beneath thin white clouds.  “Those have to be buildings, right?”
Ren sighed.  “It’s possible.”
Elian clapped his hands.  “I already searched the coordinates and there isn’t a registered planet there.  It’s all mine!”
“You can’t own a planet, Elian.”
“I can so if I claim it first,” he said.  “You know the rules.”
“Finders-keepers is not Intergalactic Law,” Ren argued.  “You need the paperwork to own something, and I don’t think there’s any paperwork to own a planet.  Besides, everything is under Monarchy control.”
Elian sighed.  “You couldn’t let me have this just once?”
“No.”  Ren rolled her eyes, and as she did something about the coordinates sparked her memory.  “Wait.  You said you searched the coordinates for any known planets, right?”
“Yeah,” Elian said slowly.  “Why?”
“Did you search all the databases?”
“Just the registry.”
Ren mulled it over.  “Search all of them.”
“Why?  There wouldn’t be—”
“Humour your older sister, please?” Ren requested, stopping her hand before it could swat the back of his head.
Elian took a deep breath and closed his eyes.  “Fine.”
When he opened his eyes he typed more code into the computer, full sentences that didn’t make any sense to Ren.  Ancient languages she understood, but computer code?  Not so much.
A large bar with the word “SEARCHING” flashing above it came onto the screen.  It filled almost to the end when Elian said, “See?  Noth—”
The computer beeped with one entry found.  “I knew it.”
An article popped up on the screen, an official entry from nearly a hundred and fifty years ago, when the Monarchy first started filing lost newspapers into the database.  The date on this article had been rubbed off, destroyed before anyone could save it; but everyone knew the story.  
“What’s this?” Elian asked.
“Those coordinates are the same as that scow that vanished centuries ago.  Remember?”
Elian squinted at the screen, pretending to read the ancient article.
Ren sighed, exhausted.  The entire two hours of sleep she’d gotten were catching up with her.  She fell into the chair beside her brother, preparing for a long explanation.  “It’s what started the urban legend of the stolen planets.” Ren said, hoping to jog his memory.  He stared at her blankly.  “The scow known as—”
“The SS Absolution was the first space vessel to successfully make it to another humanoid inhabited planet,” a voice said behind them.  Elian and Ren spun around to see a man in a black suit walk through the doors.  His shirt and tie were silver, signalling his relation to the Monarchy.  He continued, “During its second mission out it vanished after sending one last report of a another new planet—at those exact coordinates.”  When he was met with silence, and suspicious silence on Ren’s part, he sighed.  “I can see this is going exactly as your father said it would.”  His eyes shifted to the article on the screen.
“You know our dad?” Elian asked.
“He’s with the Monarchy,” Ren said quietly.
Elian rolled his eyes.  “Just because he wears silver doesn’t mean—”
“Very good,” the man replied.  “You must be Ren.  Your father said you were smart—how’d you figure me out if not by the shirt?”
“Cufflinks,” she said with a nod.  The tiny silver and gold suns was enough to tell her of his status, but why he was here she had no idea.  “What are you doing here?”
He smiled as he held up his wrists to get a look at the cufflinks.  When his eyes lifted to her Ren thought he was trying to make it gentle, as if to calm her nerves, but it came out twisted.  “I’m here about that.”  He pointed to the screen.
“How could you know about that?” Elian demanded.  “I just logged it into the system like five minutes ago.”
The man laughed.  “The Monarchy keeps a close watch on its equipment, Elian.  We might have overlooked the—modifications, but we will only be so lenient.”  He peered around, as if unimpressed with his surroundings.  “The last Earthlings have always been of interest to us—we like to make sure everything is in order.”
Elian jumped from his chair.  “You’ve been spying on me?”
“Us, Elian,” Ren corrected, standing.  She placed a hand on her brother’s shoulder.  “The Monarchy watches everyone, remember?”  She dangled her communication bracelet in front of him, reminding him of the matching one he wore.
“That’s Dad’s way of keeping in contact,” Elian argued.  “It doesn’t give the Monarchy the right to watch what I’m working on.”
Ren ignored him and looked to the man.  “Why are you here?”
“I’m here to give you these,” he said.  The man reached into his jacket pockets and pulled out two small suns that matched the ones on his cuffs.   One dangled along a silver chain, while another looked like a pin.  “Put them on, now.”
In two long strides he was in front of the siblings, and quickly pinned one sun onto Elian’s lab coat.  He was slower as he approached Ren, and didn’t try to force the necklace around her neck.  “It’s from your father.”
“Maks doesn’t give jewellery as gifts,” Ren said.  “He gives weapons and offers to go to war.”
“Maksin has changed,” the man explained.  He sidled up beside Ren and wrapped the chain around her neck, closing the clasp.
“Watch it,” Elian warned, grabbing at the man’s wrists.  He missed as the man stepped back.
Before Ren could even look down at the sun that marked nobility she was overcome with dizziness.  She clenched her eyes shut and leaned over, resisting the urge to throw up.
“Ren,” Maksin said.  “Take a breath and stand up straight.”
She did as her father told her.  When she was able to open her eyes again she found herself facing the crew of the Stormbringer, with her father standing front and centre in his silver suit.  A wave of nausea swept over her once more, but she didn’t falter again. 
“Maks,” she said.  “What’s going on?  Transporters disguised as gifts is a new one for you.”
His usual stare of unwavering determination faded for only the smallest of moments, and anyone else on the ship probably hadn’t caught it; but Ren did.  She’d only seen that look once before, and she knew what it meant.
Bad news.
“Dad,” Elian said, “you can’t just kidnap your children.  You’re the law, I’m pretty sure you know that’s illegal.”
“I’m sorry,” Maks said.  Ren held back a gasp.  Maks didn’t apologize.  “But there’s something we need to do.  If I had asked you to come, you wouldn’t have.”  He looked to Ren as he spoke.
“So you kidnap—” Ren began but Maks cut her off.
“Start the Drop,” he ordered a petite woman at the front.
“Be advised we are starting the Drop,” she said.  Against the console she pressed a few buttons on a screen and the engines flared to life.  Ren only took a second to look out at the blackness that surrounded the ship, and the tiny dots that blinked in the distance.
“We’re Dropping?” Elian shouted.  “What the hell Dad?  I have work to do; I just discovered a planet and—”
“I know,” Maks said.  He swallowed audibly before brushing a rough hand over his beard.  “That’s why we’re here.”
The man beside Ren asked, “Would you like me to explain, sir?”
Maks considered the offer, which surprised Ren even more.  Just how bad was this news?
“Kids,” Maks continued, “let me show you something.  Garret.”
Maks walked out of the control room, and they followed without question.  Elian was most curious, so as usual he ran ahead of his sister and walked on his father’s heels.  Ren and Garret came at a leisurely pace, neither of them eager.
“It isn’t bad,” Garret told her.  “Not really.”
“Tell that to Maks.”
“I did,” Garret assured, “and now I’m telling you.  This announcement—it’s something a lot of people would want.”
Ren didn’t know what a lot of people would want; she only knew what she wanted.  And she wanted to be nose deep in a book about the twentieth century, and discovering diaries that told first hand of the wars.  She didn’t want to be on some Scow in space, Dropping onto a planet.
A glance behind her told Ren that they had already started the Drop into a wormhole.  Bright lights flashed as the scow started its journey towards the unnamed planet, but Ren didn’t feel a thing with the artificial enhancers on the ship.  The Drop always fascinated her; she was literally falling through a wormhole and she didn’t feel anything at all.
Except a little nauseated.  
“Are you coming?” Garret asked.  He was already standing by the door, waiting for her.  He seemed so much nicer up here than back on Earth.
“Yes,” she called.  Ren quickened her pace and let Garret lead her down a number of corridors.  All of them looked the same to her; she’d never been one to completely understand space travel.  Big silver and grey walls, with flashing lights and pipes leading to places Ren would never see.
“Here we are,” Garret announced.  The door beside him swept down into the floor and they stepped inside.  In the middle of the room Ren saw Maks and Elian standing in front of a glass podium, a single piece of parchment in front of them.  Garret nodded for her to go ahead of him.
“What is this?” Elian asked, peering closer at the paper.
It looked old to Ren, with the edges becoming torn and the paper yellowed.  Most of the writing had faded, but she could still make out her last name; Argent.
“It’s apparently a binding legal document,” Maks said, sending the briefest of glares at Garret.
“A legal document of what?” Ren questioned.  “Does that say ‘Star Deed’?”  She squinted at the paper.
“It does,” confirmed Maks.  “And it proves that the planet Elian discovered two months ago is…ours.”
Ren thought she must have heard him wrong.  “Can you repeat that?  Is this a joke because I said there was no paperwork to own a planet?”
Maks sighed.  “When the planet was first discovered the Monarchy had to look into it since the Absolution’s disappeared in the area.  When they went to the planet they found that the ship had crashed.  There were survivors.”
“Are they still there?” Elian asked.
Ren resisted swatting him again.  “It was three hundred years ago, what do you think?”
“Oh, right.”
Maks cleared his throat.  “The descendants of the survivors are still there.”  He turned to Garret.  “And the Monarchy went and had a little talk with them.”
“As it turns out,” Garret began, “they don’t have any sort of leadership, they’re working through democracy.”
“Democracy?” Elian repeated.  “I learned about that…it was…uh…”
“The people’s choice,” Ren cut in, “they vote on their leader.  That sounds like leadership to me.”
Garret rolled his eyes.  “And it always worked out so well, didn’t it?”
Ren didn’t say anything else, because there wasn’t much to say.  Hundreds of years ago democracy was great, but it didn’t work anymore.  There were too many colonies, too many people.  With her studies, Ren wondered if it had ever worked at all.  
“So?” Elian prodded.
“So,” Garret went on, “after the Monarchy spoke with them, they’re willing to…how shall I put this…hand over the torch?”
“Pass the torch,” corrected Ren.  “And you’re saying they’re willing to give up the only government they’ve ever know to complete strangers?”
“Well, when the Monarchy showed them this,”—Garret nodded to the paper—“and their current Prime Minister is dead, his successor was very willing to pass the torch.”
Ren inspected the paper closer while Elian tried to remember what a Prime Minister was.  The only words she could make out were “Star Deed” and “Meredith Argent”, along with a seemingly random set of numbers.
“Something that isn’t widely known is that back on Earth in the latter twentieth to early twenty-first century, people would gift stars to each other,” Garret explained.
“Seriously?” Elian asked.
Garret nodded.  “And in 1984, a man named Daniel Argent gave his girlfriend and soon to be wife a star for their wedding.  Ring any chimes?”
“Bells,” Ren corrected.  “And yes, it does.  Are you saying because our ancestor named a star, through a company that doesn’t have any right to name stars I might add, that we own it now?  And by default, the planet that orbits it?”
“Absolutely,” Garret said with a grin.  Ren had hoped her corrections would make him think twice before opening his mouth, or at least put a damper on his mood, but it did neither.
“You are now the royal family of the planet Novae.”  Garret bowed towards the new royals.  “Welcome to the Monarchy.”



Chapter 2

Ren sat on the bottom bunk of the military issued bed, still unable to believe the news.  Rule over a planet?  Seriously?  She didn’t think it would be possible, especially when her father would much rather be rampaging across the universe than sitting on a throne.
“Knock, knock,” Elian called from the other side of the door. 
Ren took a deep breath and let out a sigh.  “Come in.”
The door slid down to reveal her brother’s grin.  “Only a few days until we’re there.”
Ren raised her eyebrows.  “Great.”
Elian fell onto the bed beside her.  She barely bounced under his weight.  “Aren’t you excited?” he asked.  “I knew I would get to keep the planet.”
“We aren’t keeping the planet,” Ren argued.  “Something isn’t quite right here…don’t you think so, too?”
Elian shrugged.  “Nah, unorthodox, sure.  Weird, yes.  But wrong?  No.  I discovered a planet that our ancestors owned—therefore it is ours.”
“They named a star,” Ren said as she stood, “that doesn’t give us the right to own the planets that orbit it.  Those papers don’t have any legal claim,”—she laughed at how ridiculous it all was—“the stars that were named all those years ago by people with fifty dollars aren’t even registered in the archives.  They didn’t actually name anything.  And what are the chances that the planet you find ‘belonged’ to our ancestors?”
Elian sat up fast.  “Fifty dollars?  That’s all it took?”
Ren took a deep breath and rolled her eyes.  “Yes, that’s all it took.  But don’t you—”
“Would you not ruin this for me?” Elian asked, suddenly serious.  He stood, hands in fists at his sides.  “Stop trying to take away everything good from me.  You always do this; if anything nice happens, anything amazing…you just ruin it!  Can’t you just be happy for once?”
He threw his hands it the air and stormed out, not even letting Ren reply.  She gaped at the door as it slid shut, unable to find any words.  Finally she mumbled, “I don’t ruin everything.”
She was a realist, not a pessimist.  And this didn’t seem good or real.  But the more she thought about what the Monarchy might be hiding, the more she felt like the conspiracy theorist she was always called.
Elian’s words echoed in her head.  Can’t you just be happy for once?
With unsure steps, Ren walked out of her room and kept going until she found Maks.  He was on the command deck, but it wasn’t him sitting in the middle chair giving orders to everyone around him; he was standing at the back, watching.
“Maks,” Ren said.  It was odd to see him at the back, and with the way the soldiers kept glancing at him they thought so too.
He faced her.  “You shouldn’t be here,” he scolded, without reason.  Ren knew it was because of her motion sickness with a Drop, but part of her still wondered if it was because he didn’t want her there.  It was hard to tell with Maks.
“Can we talk?” she requested.
Maks nodded but didn’t move.  Ren glanced at the surrounding crewmembers, the ones that used to take commands from her father and give him fearful looks.  Now they seemed suddenly focused on work, no longer checking on Maks.  She couldn’t tell if any of them might be listening now.
“Maks, is there something else going on here?” she asked.  She’d never been very good at beating around the bush; straight to the point always seemed easier.
“You never did like to accept gifts,” Maks said, his voice vibrating through the room with ease.  He’d never had to try to sound commanding, he’d been born that way.  Her grandfather used to tell her that the day Maks was born was the day he stopped being the man of the house.
“It’s not that,” she argued, “it’s just—since when does the Monarchy send people like us to rule over a planet?  And why would said planet be so willing to let us step in?”
Maks didn’t say anything for a long while, his blue eyes focused on the Drop in front of him.  Finally he took a small breath and said, “Just be grateful for this Ren.  You’ve got what you always wanted now.”
Ren flinched.  “What’s that?”
“A life to spend reading,” he clarified.  As he looked down at her Ren’s blood ran cold and she froze on the spot.  Maks moved to walk around her, but as he passed by his shoulder brushed against hers.  “Isn’t that what you’ve always wanted?  Why are you questioning it?”
He walked out of the room, sounding exactly like Elian.
Ren gripped her hands together and began to wonder if her worries were even reasonable.  She didn’t know how long she stood there for, but she was only brought out of the dark hole her thoughts dropped her into when Garret appeared.
He bent over to look her properly in the eyes, a curious expression on his face.  “Princess, are you all right?  I heard His Grace had words with you.”
Ren blinked.  “His Grace?”
Garret straightened himself.  “Ah, of course I suppose you could also be referred to as such—I thought you might prefer Princess.”
“I prefer my name,” she muttered.
“It is your title, now,” Garret argued with a smile.  “You look worried.”
Ren nodded.  Garret was the last person she should voice her worries to, because he would most likely say the exact same thing as Elian and Maks.  She bit down on her tongue to stop from saying anything, because another scolding about how wonderful this situation was was not what she wanted.  And if it were Garret scolding her she wouldn’t be able to stop herself from smacking him.
“I read you have difficulties with anxiety—Ren,” Garret said.  “There are many medications in the infirmary if you wanted to take something to relax.”
Ren flinched back with a gasp.  “How do you know about that?”  She hadn’t even told Elian or Maks about her diagnosis two years ago.  She’d been working hard at pretending like her mild anxiety diagnosis didn’t bother her, and did everything she could to keep it from her family.  Ren shook her head, feeling like an idiot; of course Garret knew, he was the Monarchy.
And so are you, Ren reminded herself bitterly.
“It’s nothing to be ashamed of,” Garret said.  "There are plenty of medicines to help.”
Ren shook her head.  “I don’t want to take medication; it gets too hard to think, makes me feel wrong.”
“Kind of like going to Novae?” he asked.
Ren didn’t want to hear anymore from Garret.  Who was he to try and calm her nerves?  He was part of the Monarchy; an agent they sent to watch her and her family on their trip to Novae.  Someone to advise them on what the Monarchy wanted.
Garret seemed to sense her thoughts.  “I’m only here to help you and Maks and Elian,” he said.  “I report directly to the King—nobody else.”
Ren nodded in understanding, but still held onto her suspicion.  “Well, if that’s the case don’t tell him about anything.”
Garret nodded in agreement.  “Of course, Princess.”
Without much left to say, Ren retreated back to her small cabin.  It wasn’t anything like her large apartment back on Earth; there were no books, no notes strewn about and she didn’t even have her computer.  Her only access to anything off of the Stormbringer was through her watch, and it was most likely heavily monitored now.  Maybe it had been ever since Elian discovered the planet.
A knock at the door drew Ren’s attention away from the tracker on her wrist.  She managed to lift her eyes up just in time to see the door slide open, and Maks’s right hand came into view.
“Hi Naomi,” Ren said.
“Hey, kid,” Naomi replied.  “I heard you were having some trouble adjusting.”
Naomi sat down beside Ren, prepared to give one of her typical “chin up” speeches.  She’d been giving them to Ren ever since Ren decided to go to university rather than join Maks and the Scows.  
“I’m not sure if I should tell you anything anymore,” Ren sniped.  “After all, you might run to His Grace with it.  Like you always do.”
“I told you years ago,” Naomi argued, “that anything you told me stayed with me.  I never told your father a thing that didn’t have to do with your schooling.”
Ren’s jaw tensed.  “How long did you know about all this?”  She could see the silver and gold sun that hung on Naomi’s wrist, something she’d never paid any attention to before.  Ren wondered how loyal Naomi was to the Monarchy, and exactly what her job was if it wasn’t being Maks’s right hand.
“About a day before you found out,” she confessed.  “I wanted to tell you, but I thought it might have sounded better coming from Mak—His…Grace.  Ren…I couldn’t say anything.”
Ren took a deep breath and let it out, eyes shut.  “I know.”  Rationally she understood, but she was still mad.
Naomi raised her hand and gave Ren a loving pat on the back.  “It’ll get easier when we arrive.  Until then, I brought you something.”  She stuck two fingers in her mouth and let out a shrill whistle.  Immediately Ren’s door fell through the floor and two privates brought in a large box.
“What’s this?” Ren questioned.
“Some books,” Naomi revealed.  “I thought you might want something to read on the trip; after we arrive on Novae and get settled we should be able to order some more in.  And not just from Earth; other planets too.”  Her gums showed as she smiled wide.
Ren grinned, despite herself.  As the privates set the boxes in front of her she opened them and picked through the books, excited about the coming hours.  At least now she had an excuse to stay in her room and avoid anyone on the ship.
Naomi crossed her arms.  “I’ll leave you to it then.”
As she left Ren called, “Thanks.”

Two days later Ren finally ventured out of her cabin to find Elian.  He hadn’t talked to her since their fight, and she was feeling guilty.  If he wanted to do this, she wasn’t about to ruin it for him.  She vowed to push her fears and worries deep down inside of her, and trust the Monarchy as her father had.  After all, they were going to a planet to rule it and not as slaves.
She hoped.  The thought had crossed her mind more than once, but she knew there was no way the Monarchy would enslave one of their officers so easily.  There was no way Maks would be enslaved so easily.
As Ren walked the corridors in hopes of finding her brother she instead found Maks.
They stopped in the hallway, each of them staring the other down.  “Hi,” Ren said, breaking first.
“Good morning,” Maks replied.  “Haven’t seen you around.”
“I was reading,” she said.
“Of course.”  
They each stood there, waiting for the other to say something.  Ren wasn’t sure what her father was waiting for her to say exactly; he’d never waited around before.  She figured it had to do with him being out of command, no longer able to access the restricted areas of the scow, let alone fly it.
Any officer that walked by hurried their pace, sensing the hostility between Ren and Maks.  They were more similar than she liked to admit, and neither of them would ever back down in an argument; it usually ended with a mutual leave.
“Have you seen Elian?” she finally asked.
“He was getting breakfast three floors down,” Maks replied.  And with that answer he started walking away.  Ren thought of talking to him, maybe asking what he thought of everything but she already knew what would happen; he would shut down and tell her to work through it at all costs.
No time for feelings on a scow.
Ren found the closest elevator and stepped in before her father rounded the corner.  The bright cylinder was large enough to house four people, and thankfully she was the only one going anywhere.  She clicked a few buttons and with a flash of white light she Transported three floors below.  The smell of hash browns made her stomach growl, but when she spotted her brother across the room she forwent the food and took a seat next to him.
“I’m still mad,” he said, not even bothering to look up from his food.
“I know,” replied Ren, “I’m here to apologize.”
Elian looked up at her, one brow cocked in disbelief.  “So you’re happy we’re going to a new planet?”
“I said I was here to apologize, not announce my insanity,” she said.  “I’m not happy that we’re leaving our home, or all the people we’ve known, and all of our things without even being given a choice.  But I’ll accept it, if it will make you happy.”  It wasn’t like Ren had many friends back on Earth anyway.
Elian scooped up a mouthful of eggs.  He seemed to be taking his time to think of what to say next.  “It can’t be all bad.  I mean, we’re going to be the royal family, right?  We’ll be awesome leaders.”
Ren thought of all the battles Maks had gone into and didn’t think he was fit to be a King.  A warrior yes, but a King?  She didn’t think he’d be able to make the kind of decisions a King needed to make.
“Totally,” she lied, giving her best fake smile.
Elian lit up just like he used to when he was a child.  Ren hadn’t ever realized just how deep his desire for power truly went, and she didn’t understand it either.  It was a lot of responsibility they were taking on, and everyone but her seemed to be far too easygoing about it.  She almost forgot what she was worried about as her brother wrapped her in a breathtaking hug.
“This is awesome,” Elian squealed.  “I bet you won’t regret it; Garret was telling me about some ancient buildings the Monarchy found on the planet.  They’re looking to get scientists there to do some studies, and I’m going to be helping track down what kind of technology could have cloaked the planet—so it isn’t like our entire lives will be left behind.”
Ren skipped right over the ruins.  “The planet was cloaked?  By the natives?”
Elian shrugged and took a bite of his toast.  With a full mouth he said, “No idea.  But the entire planet vanished for hundreds of years—it obviously isn’t natural.  Although they are bringing some biologists to check out any unidentified plant life…”
Stealing a piece of bacon from her brother’s plate, Ren listened to all he had to tell her about Novae.  By the time they had finished breakfast, Ren found that some of her worries had quelled.  Part of her was starting to warm to the idea of venturing onto a new planet, filled with unknown possibilities and history.
And history was the one thing Ren could understand.



Chapter 3

“Be advised, Fall imminent,” a woman said over the speaker.  Ren looked up past her inspection glasses, wondering how they could have arrived so quickly.  Novae was quite a distance away from Earth, and they weren’t scheduled to arrive for hours.  She hadn’t had time to prepare herself for Falling.
The scow jerked to what she knew was a sudden stop, but she barely felt it.  Not literally at least.  No books went flying about her cabin, nor did she go sailing off of the bed.  No, her stomach was what rolled, and her inspection glasses magnified the dizzying affect of a Fall.
Ren threw her book onto her bed.  As soon as she thought it might be safe to move she ran to the garbage disposal and relieved her stomach of most of her lunch.  She looked back at the book, a few pages dented from its awkward angle; better than if she had been sick on it, she thought.
“Be advised, the planet Novae is in range,” an officer reported, “all crew members remain at post.”
For the first time on the trip, Ren wanted to see what this planet looked like, up close and almost personal.  She straightened on shaky legs, happy that Maks wasn’t there to see her throw up.  Before she looked out her tiny window, she grabbed a cloth and wiped at her mouth, pressing sweaty palms against her silver shirt.
As she removed her glasses she looked outside and was caught with a spectacular view.  It was as if she were staring down at Earth, if Earth had large masses of land and no cloud cover.  The skies were clear, allowing her to see far down to the ground below.  Even from where she stood she could make out the snow-capped mountaintops, the way most of the land was coated with green trees, and the rivers that cut across the continents.
Ren had never seen a continent before.  A real continent; not those tiny fake islands on Earth.  As much as she loved her home she knew it wasn’t all it used to be.  This was…
“Huge,” she mumbled.  Such large pieces of land had only been seen on Earth, hundreds of years ago.  She’d always wanted to go down into the water and find the relics of a time long gone, but it was never allowed; even stepping a toe into the waters of Earth would have left her with scars, if she came out at all.
Her cabin door slid open, and she heard someone walk in but ignored them, too captivated by what was below.
“It is quite beautiful, isn’t it?” Naomi asked, coming up beside her.  “I’ve never seen a planet with such large masses of land—and one so clear too.  It’s hard to believe it’s natural.”
Ren scoffed.  “Earth was natural—and then man came along and destroyed it.  I hope it doesn’t happen again.”  The last thing Ren wanted was a repeat of Earth’s mistakes.
“Well,” Naomi murmured, “maybe you can ensure that doesn’t happen.  Come on, you’re needed on deck.”
“Are we going down already?” Ren asked, her heart starting to race.  
“We didn’t travel all the way here just to look around the aether,” Naomi replied.  “They’re waiting down below—I think there’s a celebration in your honour.”
“They actually want us there?”  Ren still couldn’t believe it.  Had she been in their position she would be questioning the Monarchy and the new royal family, not celebrating.  How could they accept change so easily?
Naomi smiled gently.  “They’re waiting.”
Ren nodded and hurried out the door, eager and terrified of what was to come.  As she started down the corridor with Naomi at her side she looked back and asked, “Oh, what about—”
“Someone will bring them down for you,” Naomi interrupted.  “Now hurry up.”
They stepped into the elevator and were Transported to the command centre, where Garret, Maks, and Elian greeted them.  Their outfits stunned Ren.
She had known they would be wearing silver, but it was still strange.  Only nobility was allowed to wear the colour unless it was jewelry, and now they wore full suits.  Maks stood tall and proud in a silver dress shirt, his gun tucked in a holster on a silver belt.  The sun pin he wore shone bright and matched the one on Elian’s chest.
And Elian, sweet, often misguided, Elian was dressed similarly.  A dress shirt with a loose black tie made him look as though he’d just walked out of a hologram.  It made Ren feel bad for only wearing a simple collared shirt with a zipper.  She didn’t think noblewomen were supposed to wear zippers.
“Good, you’ve made it,” Garret greeted.  “I hope the Fall wasn’t too bad.”
Ren shrugged.  “Not at all.”
“Are you sure?” Garret prodded, as if knowing she’d tossed her lunch only minutes ago.  “You look a bit pale Princess.”
Ren wrinkled her nose and squinted at him before returning to her flawless smile.  “Completely certain.”
Elian watched, knowing exactly what was going on.  He cut in, “Are we going down any day soon?  I want to meet my people.”  Ren rolled her eyes; Elian never could control his mouth when something new was to be had.  Even if that new thing was a planet.
Garret perked up.  “The Lieutenant and I will head down first to ensure everything is set for your arrival in the manor.  Sit tight; it should only be a few minutes.”
They vanished into a beam of light.
“Manor?” Elian asked.
“Sounds nice,” grumbled Ren.
“Why is it not a palace?” Elian questioned.  “Or a castle?  I feel we need a palace or castle.  Maybe both.  Probably both.”
“You’ll get what’s given to you,” Maks said.  “And the only rule I have for you two today is to not say a word.  Understood?”
Elian laughed.  “C’mon, Dad.  We aren’t going to battle and it isn’t a hostage negotiation.”
Maks’s beard didn’t do anything to hide his grimace.  “Okay,” Elian agreed, “silence it is.  I can be silent.”
Ren snorted at the thought, earning a glare from her brother.  Surprisingly she caught Maks’s beard twitch, as if resisting a smile himself.  Why was Elian the only one that could ever make him smile?  Ren wondered.
“Sir?” a private asked.  He was jittery beside Maks.
“Yes?” he replied
The private saluted Maks, his back arching too much to be comfortable as his hand shot forward.  “Good luck, sir!”
Maks nodded his head.  “Thanks, soldier.  You’re dismissed.”
“Thank you, sir!” the private shouted, and ran off as fast as he could.
As soon as he left, a woman approached.  “They’re ready for you down there, sir—Your Grace.”
Rather than saying anything to her, Maks looked at Ren and ordered, “Keep your back straight.”
Ren didn’t nod to let him know she understood.  Transporting always made her sick, and rather than be kind about it Maks had always said those exact words.  And now they had even greater meaning; he didn’t want her to embarrass him in front of his new people.
Elian gave Ren a pitying look just before they were transported down to Novae.
The silence of space was replaced with a roaring wind.  Ren did as her father ordered and tried to stand straight, but the urge to fall to her knees was threatening to become too much.  She held her stomach, hoping to dull the pain when she noticed where they were.
A large Victorian Earth styled white room surrounded them, with high windows to let in what little light came through the clouds.  There was a mahogany table with matching chairs nearby, and a small sitting area beside a fireplace.  Outside Ren saw a balcony, where Naomi and two officers from the scow stood.  This place screamed Monarchy.
Garret drew their attention.  “Welcome to Novae—the crowd awaits you outside.”
“Crowd?” Elian asked excitedly.  “There’s a crowd?  I love crowds.”
Ren couldn’t say anything about her love for crowds.  Instead she looked outside, at the dim grey sky, and wondered if she would be able to survive here.
“Of course,” Garret confirmed, “you’re their royal family.”
“New royal family,” Ren corrected, her stomach still rolling.  There wasn’t anything to come back up now, but that only made the feeling worse.
“Yes,” Garret agreed.  “But they’re here to greet you—hear what you have to say.”
“Well, I didn’t prepare a speech,” Elian mused, “but I guess I could just give it a shot, I—”
Garret cleared his throat, careful not to interrupt too much.  “Let me rephrase that—they’re here to listen to what the King has to say.”  He looked to Maks.
Like the Admiral he was, Maks didn’t give away his strategy.  Ren wanted to know what he was going to say, because she hadn’t even thought about how they would have to give speeches.  She’d never fared well giving speeches; most people complained they didn’t understand the “strange words” she often used in middle school.  Not much had changed in university, and it had gotten her into the habit of editing everything she said.
Maks took a moment to look out the window, maybe preparing the way Ren often did before giving a presentation.  She’d never seen him like this, and was awed by it.
But it soon ended as he stepped forward, and the two soldiers outside opened the large bay windows.  The wind ripped by, a great howl echoing throughout the room and overpowering the voices of the crowd.  After a small push from Garret, Elian and Ren followed Maks.
Naomi greeted Maks with a salute and Ren with a smile.  Ren could barely muster enough strength to give one back, her mind stuck in place. 
Maks stepped up to the edge of the balcony and placed his hands on the marble rail.  Below the crowd cheered loudly, but soon fell silent.  He had that affect on people, and Ren knew it very well.  Garret gave her another small push and she stepped forward, but made sure to stand at least a foot behind Maks on his left.
Maks pressed a button on his watch, and it became a microphone, transmitting his booming voice over the wind.
“My name is Maksin Argent,” he said, “and I am your new King.  I will do all I can to serve you, keep you safe.  Any decision I make will be with your safety in mind.”
He stopped, and the crowd waited.  Ren and Elian waited.  But Maks didn’t continue.  That was his whole speech?
“Short and sweet,” Elian said, “I like it.”
Suck up, Ren thought, sending her brother a scowl.  Apparently nothing had changed since they left Earth.  Maks was still Maks, and Elian was still Elian.  It made Ren wonder if anything would change at all on Novae.
Maks stepped back inside the manor, and Elian waved at the crowd.  A few people waved back, while others cheered.  The sea of people wasn’t as large as Ren had thought it would be; there were maybe a hundred bodies below.  
They stood in some sort of courtyard, with a few small stone buildings waving flags of blue and black, with a symbol she didn’t recognize.  Swooping lines covered the front, and many of the people were dressed in the same colours.  Squinting, Ren could make out tall buildings on the horizon; blurred brown shapes that she thought were the squares from Elian’s photos.
“Are you going to do something?” Naomi asked.  Ren blinked back to reality and realized that Elian had left.
“What should I do?” she questioned.  She was now the only one visible to the people, a lone figure for them to focus on.  Stage fright had never struck her very hard, even with her anxiety, but that was in front of a classroom of peers, people she’d grown up with.  Now it was an entire city, on a foreign planet.
Naomi shrugged.  “Try waving, say hello.”
Ren raised a stiff hand and gave a quick wave before retreating back into the manor.  Inside Ren spotted a large set of doors, with a man and woman on either side.  Both of them looked no older than her or Elian, and wore deep blue cotton.  They each kept their eyes down.
“Your Grace,” Garret said, “if you would come with me there are some matters you must attend to.  I’m so sorry to send you straight to work but—”
“Duty calls,” Maks finished.  Garret nodded and began leading Maks out the doors.  As they walked out, not even glancing towards Ren or Elian, the two people bowed at their new King.
“What now?” Elian asked.
“I’ll introduce you to your Guides,” Naomi announced.  “Abetha, Ross, please step forward.”
The two by the door finally lifted their heads and came forward, but as they approached the royals their eyes dropped to the floor once more.  Abetha stopped in front of Ren, her fingers playing with the hem of her shirt.  Ross was simply still.
“Princess Ren, Prince Elian,” Naomi said, raising her voice enough to make Abetha flinch, “this is Abetha and Ross Corten, they will be your Guides here on Novae.  Should you need anything, they will be at your side.”
“I don’t want a slave,” Ren said.
Naomi shook her head.  “They aren’t slaves—they’re volunteers from the capital.”
Ren didn’t think Abetha looked like a volunteer.  She bit her lower lip, debating.  “Are they getting paid?”
“They and their family are being well compensated by the Monarchy,” Naomi answered.
Abetha quickly curtsied, nearly falling to the floor as her right knee gave out.  “It is an honour, your—Highness?”
“Call me Ren,” she replied.  She froze, unsure of what else to say.  What did one say when given a servant?
Ross said the same to Elian, but Elian wasn’t as kind as his sister.  He didn’t instruct Ross to call him by name, nor did he tell Ross he would be kind.  No, instead Elian said, “You are going to be a busy man, my friend.  Come on, let’s go meet everyone.”
Elian started in a run towards the doors, and Ross followed hesitantly.  He sent one look to his sister, and that was it before he disappeared in a chase after the royal.
“Wait!” called Naomi.  “You can’t do that yet!”  She looked to Ren.  “I’m sorry—I just—Elian!”  She started her chase as well, moving much faster than Elian or Ross ever could.
And with her leave, Ren and Abetha were alone in the manor.  Ren tugged at the collar of her shirt, still a little queasy after Transporting.  She looked at the chairs by the fire and asked, “Would you like to sit down?”
Abetha glanced nervously at the chairs, and then looked wide-eyed to Ren.  “I could never—I’m not—I don’t think I am allowed.”
Ren shrugged.  “I asked—I’ll make sure nobody yells at you.”  Ren moved towards the chairs and sat down, and only after waving at Abetha did she finally shuffle her feet.  She carefully sat down across from Ren.
“How old are you?” Ren asked.
“I am approaching my nineteenth winter,” she replied.
Ren perked up.  She leaned forward, resting her elbows on her knees.  “Are there seasons here?”
Abetha furrowed her brow.  “Seasons, your Highness?”
“Like…does it snow?  Do the leaves fall off trees, and then regrow?”  Ren was on the edge of the chair, eagerly awaiting an answer.  She didn’t care how strange a question it must have been to Abetha, she needed to know.
Abetha thought carefully.  “They do, in the autumn,” she said, “and snow does fall in the winter.”
Ren squeaked, causing Abetha to flinch.  “I’m sorry—I just—back home we don’t have seasons.  Everything is too polluted and it stays at about twenty degrees all the time.  It doesn’t even rain anymore; we had to create our drinking water.”
Abetha blanched.  “Create water?”
“Oh, yeah,” Ren went on, leaning back happily at the thought of seeing snow, “it was a process discovered in the twenty-second century—don’t ask how they did it because I have no idea about chemistry.  But it was just in time, by the year 2103 Earth had just about run out of fresh water.”
That thought seemed to frighten Abetha, so Ren quickly said, “We won’t do anything like that here!  That was because people back then didn’t know any better.”  She waved her hands, and it actually seemed to calm the girl down.
And that was when a silence fell over them.  Ren wanted to ask more questions about Novae, but couldn’t quite find the words.  She wanted to ask Abetha something about herself as well, but didn’t know how.  If anything, Ren wanted to make sure she was comfortable in her new position—because she really didn’t look it.
When Ren noticed Abetha staring at the silver sun around her neck she asked, “Did you have any questions for me?  I don’t mind answering.”
Abetha’s eyebrows arched, a little higher than the average human.  She opened her mouth to answer when the crowd outside cheered, making them both jump.  Ren nervously laughed it off.  “I guess Elian made it outside.”  She held her hand out to Abetha to signal her to go on.
“Why-Why do you wear that colour?” she asked in a single fast exhale.  Her hands were clasped together, turning her fingertips white.
Ren looked down at the silver shirt, and wondered the same thing.  “It’s a sign of nobility.  Silver became a very rare substance on Earth about a hundred years ago, so only those involved in the Monarchy were able to wear it.  Somewhere between then and now it became an unspoken law that people didn’t wear silver unless they were—somehow worked for the Monarchy.”
The fire beside them crackled, something to fill the silences that came between their short conversations.  Ren could feel a nervous sweat forming on her palms and at her temples, but she still couldn’t continue forward normally.  Her heart rate picked up, and she wanted to start moving.
“Would you mind showing me around?”  If she couldn’t go on a run like she normally would, a walk would have to do.
“Of course your Highness,” Abetha answered.
“Ren,” she corrected.  “Ren is my name.”
Abetha’s eyes fell on the two soldiers that still stood nearby.  That was when Ren decided to take a chance, her heart thumping hard against her ribs.
“Do you want to be my friend?” she asked.  Her hands were in fists at her sides, feeling like a toddler.  Nobody asked to be friends, but she wasn’t sure how else to go about it.
Abetha paused.
“I just mean,” Ren went on, “if we were friends it wouldn’t be weird for you to call me Ren.  Then you wouldn’t be my servant or—”
“I need to be!” Abetha cried, jumping towards Ren.  “I can’t be anything else!”
Abetha’s hazel eyes were so wide Ren didn’t know what to say.  The look of sheer terror in the girl was enough to make Ren feel the fear herself.  She nodded.
“O-Okay,” she said.  “Just…you could be both.”
Abetha nodded furiously.  “I will gladly be anything you want me to be.”
Ren pursed her lips.  “No, Abetha, I want you to be what you want to be.  If you don’t want to be friends then…that’s fine.”
“What I want to be…?” she repeated.  Her hands lowered to the hem of her shirt, and she began playing with a loose thread.  “I would like to serve you, my Lady.”
Ren nodded and smiled, feeling a little disappointed that Abetha didn’t call her by name.  But my Lady was better than Princess, she thought.  
It was a start.



Chapter 4

The manor was huge, and Ren thought that it could be called a castle.  It would take her forever to learn where everything was, although she knew most of the rooms would go unused with the amount of people staying there.  Ren thought Maks might use it as an excuse to keep some of his former soldiers around, since the scow over Novae had yet to leave after dropping them off.  In a way it was comforting, like Ren still had a chance of returning home.
As Abetha walked Ren around the manor, she took note of the how much marble was used to build it; clearly the Monarchy had a say in building it.  Everything was shining in white, with mahogany accents and great paintings on the walls.  They depicted mostly the nature of Novae.  A few workers went by, all of them keeping their heads down as Abetha first had.  Ren found she wasn’t able to talk to them as easily as with Abetha, and ended up avoiding eye contact just as much.  She knew how bad that must have looked to them.
When they descended the spiral staircase Ren asked, “Are the people happy about our being here?”
“Pardon?” Abetha asked, looking up at Ren.
“The people,” Ren said.  “Are they upset that we just swooped in and took over?  Nobody wants to kill us for it, or send us away?”
Abetha looked away but shook her head.  “No, no, never, my Lady.  All Novaeans are very happy to have strong leaders now.  The past Prime Ministers were not very good at their jobs.  When the Monarchy found us we were very happy.”
Ren nodded, and they continued the tour.  Nothing that Abetha had said sat right with Ren.  She couldn’t believe that everyone was happy; in all of human history that never happened.  The more she walked the more she thought she could be wrong as she caught glimpses of the crowd outside.  They didn’t look angry, and their occasional cheers didn’t sound threatening.  Maybe my anxiety is acting up again, Ren thought.  Maybe it’s all in my head, like usual.
Ren took a deep breath and tried to calm her heart, but it still pounded away.  Her palms wouldn’t stop sweating either, and she had to constantly rub them on her pants just to make it bearable.  She was glad Maks wasn’t around, or the ever bubbly Elian.  Ren wondered if he was still outside with the crowd, and if he was, how he was managing it.  She wished she could be more like him.
“The Advisor told me you enjoy reading and learning about history,” Abetha said, drawing Ren’s attention back to the marble hallway.
“Yes,” she replied, “back on Earth I was training to be an archeologist.”  Her eyes fell to the floor, disappointed.  So much for delving into the depths of Earth’s oceans and discovering secrets of the sunken cities.
“I believe you will enjoy this next room,” Abetha said with a smile.  She struggled to push open a large door, and was only able to crack it.  Ren joined her, feeling the true weight and wondering why a door would be so heavy.  It was strange to Ren to have to open a door herself; she’d spent her entire life watching them move for her.  Together they managed to open it wide enough for their bodies to squeeze through.
“Welcome to the library,” Abetha said when they were inside.  Dust swirled in the air, making Ren sneeze a few times.  Her eyes felt puffy, but she cracked them open just to get a look at the library.  Clearly the Monarchy hadn’t cared enough about this room to have anyone clean it.
Despite the size of the door, and even the manor, the library wasn’t very large.  It was filled with books though, some new and some old.  Many looked burnt, as if they would crumble to ashes with a single touch.
“Was there a fire?” Ren asked.
“In a way, yes,” Abetha said.  “Before the Beginning, when the Absolution crashed, many of the books were destroyed.  Some of the ones here were the ones my ancestors rescued from the ship.”
Ren took a moment to walk between the shelves, heading for the back of the room where she saw sunlight spilling in.  “The Beginning?” she asked as she walked. 
Abetha followed.  “The Beginning was when the prophet came, and blended his blood with those aboard the Absolution.  He taught them the ways of Novae, and it was the Beginning.”
Ren made a mental note to get more information on this prophet, and hoped the Monarchy didn’t plan on making her convert to the local religion.  It did spark a bit of worry in her though, because with religion came devotees, and she didn’t think they would like having leaders that didn’t believe.  Maks was an atheist, while Ren didn’t know what she was.  Would they follow a man that only believes in the government?
“Are there any journals about what happened to make the scow—ship crash?” Ren asked.  First hand reports were her favourite thing about history, and even though they were always biased, she loved reading them.  Trying to figure out what was truth and what was simply someone’s point of view was one of the best parts of her research.
“There may be some, I will check,” Abetha replied.  She began scouring the shelves immediately.
“Oh, you don’t have to do it right now,” Ren said, stopping her.  Abetha’s brow furrowed as her hands returned from the shelf to her sides.  Ren wasn’t sure if it was funny or sad at how easily confused Abetha was.
Ren shifted her gaze to look over the old books, hoping that hers would arrive soon.  It would probably be weeks until she was able to get them back, and even then it wouldn’t be all of them.  Maks could have at least allowed her to pack her own things rather than kidnapping her.
“You enjoy books?” Abetha asked.
“I do,” Ren replied.  “Reading is my favourite hobby.  I’d almost managed to turn it into my job back home.”  She faced Abetha.  “What about you?”
“I enjoy…stories,” Abetha said carefully.  “But I cannot read.”
Ren jumped.  “You can’t read?”  Abetha shook her head.  “Why not?”
Abetha started playing with the edges of her shirt again, as if afraid to answer.  Her head lowered, and she refused to look Ren in the eyes.  Ren thought it was from both shame and embarrassment.
“I am…” the girl whispered.
“What?” Ren asked.
“I am not allowed,” Abetha finally admitted.  
Ren couldn’t breathe.  Anger had risen in her chest and blocked her throat, making it clench shut.  Her mouth moved up and down, and the edges of her vision began to turn red.  Not allowed?  She turned around and tried to compose herself, managing to ask, “Who says you’re not allowed?”
“I know some words,” she told Ren, “but mother and father say that I should focus on more important things and—”
“Calm down,” Maks boomed from the doorway.  Ren and Abetha both jumped as they turned to see Maks and Garret coming towards them, as if on a warpath.  “This isn’t something to cry over.”
Ren hadn’t even noticed the tears that had begun to fall down Abetha’s cheeks.  She quickly wiped them away and bowed to Maks, who only looked at her with distain in return.  Abetha hurried to Ren’s side.
“Does Novae not educate their women?” Ren asked.
“Oh, they do,” replied Garret, “Abetha’s family is a bit behind on the times.”
“Five hundred years behind,” Ren countered, and immediately regretted it as she made eye contact with Maks.  She didn’t drop her eyes though, and held his stare.
“That is why Abetha and Ross were chosen for this position,” Garret said with a smile.  Ren flinched back, surprised.  She hadn’t expected the Monarchy to think like that.  “I was certain you would gladly educate her.”
“It is not necessary,” Abetha whispered to Ren.
“I will,” Ren declared.  
Garret grinned.  “I’m happy to hear it.”
Maks took a deep breath that Ren thought might have been a sigh.  “The mayor of Mahendra would like to meet you and Elian.  Where’s your brother?”
“I think he’s outside meeting some of the people,” Ren said, her anger dying down.  As it did her limbs felt tired, and her vision returned to normal.  She hated how fast her anger came, and that it couldn’t commit to staying very long.  It made her feel weak, especially in arguments like this.  She looked at Abetha.  “Mahendra?”
“The capital of Novae,” she explained.  “It is home to about four hundred citizens.”
“How many cities are there?”
“Five,” replied Abetha.  “But there are only between fifty to a hundred people in the surrounding villages.”  Ren was glad to see that she’d calmed down a bit.
Maks didn’t give an order, and only turned and started walking.  Garret took a moment to nod to the girls before following, a silent gesture to keep up.  Ren’s feet started moving obediently, and Abetha after her.  
The closer they got to the front doors of the manor the more her palms began to sweat again.  Was Maks really going to make her go outside?  She wasn’t sure she’d be able to handle that, and her stomach rolled.  
“Your Grace!” a man called.  They were barely inside the lobby when the man approached them.  He gave a deep bow to the new royals, a large smile on his face.  “It is an honour to meet you both.”
Maks’s jaw tightened.  Garret cleared his throat.
“They are honoured to meet you as well,” Garret said.  “Mayor Kai, this is King Maksin Argent, and his daughter, Princess Loren Argent.”
Kai was a very small man, Ren thought, hoping to distract herself from the fact that she’d just been called a princess again.  He squinted his eyes as if he couldn’t see properly, and his teeth were a bit crooked.  His white hair sparkled in the little sunlight that hit it, and Ren spotted small flecks of dandruff on his blue shirt.  Over his heart was the same swirling symbol she had seen on the flags outside.
“I would like to introduce my son, Kian,” Kai said.  He waved his hand behind him.  Kai looked far too hopefully at Ren for her comfort.  The man behind him stepped forward, the same shocking white hair as Kai being the only physical trait they had in common; it almost looked like silk as it draped over his shoulder in a ponytail.  Kian was as tall as Maks, and wore a dark green fabric rather than blue or black.  The swirling insignia over his heart matched the black on his cape.  Ren stared at the drape, wondering why someone would wear such a thing.  It seemed so impractical.  “He is in his twenty-third summer; I thought if the Princess or Prince needed a guide that he could oblige.  Kian is very knowledgeable about Novae.”
Kian bowed.  Ren nodded and looked away, wondering if they were hoping she would take them up on the offer because it didn’t feel like Kai wanted his son to just show her around Novae.
“I would introduce my son to you,” Maks said, “but it seems he’s disappeared.”
“I met Prince Elian outside,” Kai revealed, “a wonderful boy.  Very full of energy.”
“Among other things,” Maks replied.  “No matter, we have much to discuss.  Come with me.  Kian can entertain Ren for a while.”
Ren opened her mouth to argue, but Garret signaled her away.  The three men then started walking down the hall, not even considering her opinion.  She turned to Kian, “You don’t have to.”
“It would be my pleasure,” Kian said.  “Shall we walk in the garden?  It’s a bit stuffy in here.”  He threw his cape back and offered Ren his arm, already facing towards the back doors.  Ren gave a nervous look to Abetha, but she didn’t give a response; her head remained bowed with the occasional shy glance upwards.
“Sure, then,” Ren agreed.  It was just a walk.  She tried not to think of all the things that could go wrong.
Ren ignored Kian’s arm and began walking.  Abetha hurried ahead and held the sliding glass door open for them, and shut it behind them.  When Kian offered his arm again outside to escort Ren through the garden she quickened her pace and folded her hands together.
Breathing in the soft air, Ren knew she was on another planet.  It had trees, and vines, and flowers, but it wasn’t artificial like on Earth.  These were real; they grew out of the dirt, and some of the trees looked hundreds of years old.  It was fascinating.
Neither Ren nor Kian took the lead, and they ended up wandering in the garden.  It felt like a maze with rose bushes on either side, and before she knew what had happened, Ren found herself in the centre of it all, sitting on a stone bench with carvings etched into it.  Tall pillars stood beside the benches, holding the heavy stained glass roof above them.  Splashes of pink and violet and blue danced around them in the sunlight, warming Ren’s skin.
Kian joined her on the bench, and Abetha only did the same when Ren ordered her to.  The girl decided to sit directly across from Ren, hands folded neatly in her lap and ankles crossed.
As Ren traced her fingers along the carvings beside her Kian said, “You’re very kind.”
Ren looked up, her hand stopping.  “Pardon?”
Kian nodded towards Abetha.  “You allow your servants to sit; it’s very kind of you.”
“Oh, Abetha isn’t really a servant,” Ren argued.  “She’s more of an…assistant.”  It sounded better than servant at least.
Kian squinted his eyes slightly.  “Do you not wish to speak to me?”
“Why do you ask?”  Ren wondered how it was so obvious.
“You are leaning away quite a bit,” Kian said, motioning towards her body.  Ren hadn’t even noticed that she was as far away from him as she could get on the bench, and was even leaning over the nearby bushes.  She quickly straightened herself, wiping her palms on her pants again.  Her pulse was thumping against her throat.
“Sorry,” she murmured.  “Habit.”  Her fingers started tracing the lines again.
Kian’s eyes fell to her hands.  “The symbols are from the ruins,” he explained, “nobody but the prophet knows what they mean.”
“The prophet is still around?” Ren questioned, stopping again.
“It is said that one will come again,” Kian answered cryptically.  “Would you like to see the ruins?  I know the way.”
Ren perked right up.  “Are they far?”
“A bit of a walk,” Kian admitted, “but we would easily be back before sunset.”  As they stood Abetha jumped from the stone bench.
“You cannot go, my Lady,” she said, “the ruins are in the forbidden land.”
“Forbidden land?” Ren said, holding back a laugh.  “Why is it forbidden?”
“It is said to be dangerous,” Kian said.  “I’ve not seen any danger though, least of all from the—”
“Monsters,” Abetha finished.  “I’m sorry, Princess—my Lady, but the King would be very upset.  I was ordered not to let you go there.  It would be dangerous to go with a Sotarian, let alone by yourself.”
Ren wanted to argue but didn’t have the energy.  She hadn’t been on Novae even two hours and she wanted to run to her bed and hide under her covers.  “What’s a Sotarian?”
“They watch over the planet,” Kian answered.  “Though they only stand guard on the edge of the villages now; I’ve actually been trained as one.  It would not be an issue…”
Ren thought a moment before she spoke.  “Maybe another time, after I’ve spoken with Maks.”
Kian’s eyes narrowed.  “Of course, Princess, another time.”



Chapter 5

The air of Novae was something Ren couldn’t get used to, even after being there for three days.  Each morning she woke in her giant bed, the covers tossed and crumpled from a long, often sleepless night, and took a deep breath.  Air would fill her lungs with ease; there was no tightness, no underlying scent of metal or chemical like there was on Earth.  It was extraordinary, but uncomfortable.  The only reason she could even tell the difference was because of her small visits to the isolation chambers on Earth; they simulated other planets for students to study.  The first time she’d gone in one she got so light headed she almost passed out.  Her body was so used to how it was, she wasn’t sure she would ever become accustomed to Novae.  Novae felt so pure, which was why she was so angered when Garret announced that she had to be present when Maks picked his army.  She sat at the small table on the veranda, sunshine glittering down on her and Elian as they ate, and almost spat out her water when she heard the news.
“Why do I have to be there?” she questioned.  “I don’t know anything about the army.  What does he even need—never mind.”
Ren chastised herself for being so stupid; of course Maks wanted an army.  If he couldn’t lead a scow into battle, he would at least command a small group from his new planet.
Garret sipped at his coffee.  “We have only been here a few days and Elian has already made great strides in getting to know the people while you have not.”  He sent her a small pout.  “If you join Maks on his walk to hand pick men—well, they might see what they are fighting for.”
Ren squinted at Garret.  “Why would they ever be fighting?  Novae isn’t at war with anyone.”
“No, but that doesn’t mean they won’t be in the future,” Garret explained.  “Think of it as marketing—you need to get out there and be seen if you wish to be noticed.  One day you will have children that will rule over this planet—it would be nice if their mother was respected by the people.”
It was hard for Ren to force the water down her throat, but she did, if only to buy her some time before answering.  Children?  Really?  She’d never thought about that, she was more worried about the past than the future.  She couldn’t imagine having children here.  Even back on Earth it had never crept into her thoughts once.
“His Grace is going into Mahendra this afternoon,” Garret went on, uncaring to Ren’s feelings.  Elian gave his sister a sympathetic look, but never said a word to defend her.  She thought he accepted their fates far too easily.  “I suggest you wear something silver, something feminine, perhaps.”
Ren had heard enough.  Though she had only just began her breakfast she slammed her hands down on the table and marched back into the manor.  Was this his effort at showing her she had no power?  That she had no choice in her own life?
As she stormed up the stairs, her high collar on her shirt beginning to choke her, she found herself facing Maks.
“Come with me,” he ordered.
“No,” she replied.  “I won’t.”
He furrowed his brow, more in confusion than anger.  “I’m going to decide on what men I’ll—”
“Have in your army,” Ren finished.  “I know.  And I’m not going to parade myself in front of a bunch of soldiers.”
Maks studied her, as if debating on what to do.  “You’ve always been a good judge of character,” he said carefully, “I thought you might be able to tell who would fight best.”
Ren was taken aback.  Since when did Maks think that about her?  She had no idea.  But as her father stood before her in his royal attire, the suns on the collar of his shirt seeming out of place, she thought he might actually want her help.  He wouldn’t have admitted anything so easily if it didn’t mean something.
“Fine,” she agreed.  “But I’m not wearing a dress.”
Maks shrugged.  “It’s better if you don’t.  You’re in a position of power; it’s best you show it with these people.”  He started down the winding stairs, and Ren followed.
“It’s not about power,” she argued, “and wearing a dress doesn’t take a persons power away.  It’s because I don’t want…I don’t want to be seen as feminine.”  Ren didn’t want Garret to think he’d won.  If she wore a dress it felt like admitting defeat.  She also didn’t want any attention from the men of Novae, and maybe if she wasn’t feminine they wouldn’t take interest.
“Don’t stammer,” Maks ordered, back to his old self, “it’s weak.”
Ren never did manage to get in the last word when it came to Maks.

The Novaeans, as far as Ren could tell, were strong warriors.  They battled against a harsh environment and won, and even managed to build a city from nothing.  It was amazing, which was why she hated that Maks had turned them into a spectacle.  He’d ordered all the strongest Sotarians to meet in the training pits for orders.  So far most of them had shown up, but a few remained on the edges of the city, keeping watch for anything dangerous.
“Nothing has come into the city for many years, my Lady,” Abetha said after Ren voiced her worries.  “There is nothing to fear.”  Yet still the Sotarians stood guard.
The Sotarians stood in the centre of a circle, some with weapons while others carried nothing.  Some wore leather hides and others blended in with the citizens, choosing to wear blue and black cotton with small patches of leather sewn onto the elbows and knees.  They milled about waiting for orders, but never formed a line as the soldiers of a scow would.  Ren studied them, and all looked to be loyal warriors despite their disorganized nature.  She’d expected most of them to be men by the way Novae seemed, but they were split right down the middle; the women looked more deadly than the men, in Ren’s opinion.
“They look strong,” Maks said.  “Good.”
“The Sotarians go through rigorous training,” explained Garret.  “They train for years, often in the wilderness to prove their worth.  I believe they’ll serve you greatly.  Although…you may wish to be careful whom you choose.”  His eyes fell to a girl standing on the edge of the group.  Ren rolled her eyes.
The royal family and their escorts stood atop a hill to survey the Sotarians, far away from any of the people.  
“They don’t work together much, do they?” Ren asked.
“Sotarians are lone warriors,” Abetha explained.  “They rarely need to work as a group.”
“They can learn,” Maks said.
“Before they can become an army they will have to be vetted by the Monarchy,” Garret cut in.  “To ensure they aren’t rebels.”
“Rebels?” Ren repeated.  “What rebels?”
Abetha looked away, guilty of misinformation.  Ren faced her, “You said the people were happy about our arrival.”  She turned to Garret and Maks.  “You all did.”
“We thought it best you not worry,” Garret replied quickly, “but yes, there are insurgents.  Not everyone—”
“With new leadership comes resentment,” Maks said, his voice booming over Garret’s.  “It’s natural, and it will be stamped out before it gets past the capital.”
“It sounds like it already has,” Ren said, her voice rising.  “What else haven’t you told me?”
Abetha would have been the best person to ask, because Ren knew she couldn’t take any pressure.  But the girl was already playing with the edges of her shirt and trying to find anything but Ren to look at.  So Ren focused all her anger on Maks and Garret.
“They’re planning something,” Garret answered when Maks stayed quiet.  He was watching the Sotarians again, as if Ren weren’t even there.  “A possible assassination, nothing to be concerned over.”
“Assassination?” cried Ren.  Her hands were in fists at her sides, unable to believe that this had been hidden from her.  Did Elian know?
“I want General Compton here to start training,” Maks said, still ignoring Ren.  “All of them.”
“Right away,” agreed Garret.  Garret reached his hand into the air to wave the men away, giving them permission to leave when Maks raised his own hand.
“Wait.  Have the strongest fight.”
“What, is this a game to you Maks?” Ren questioned.  “You can’t make people fight because you feel like it!”
He shot her a glare but it didn’t make her flinch.  Not this time.  “Stop it,” she ordered.
“Your Grace?” Garret asked.
“Now,” Maks said.
“Right away,” Garret agreed again.  He hesitated for only a second before moving down the hill to speak with the Sotarians.  But as he made it to the bottom Ren watched him approach a single woman, her blonde hair bright against the crowd of brunettes.  Garret said something quickly to her before glancing over his shoulder at the woman from before. 
Soon Garret was hurrying back up the hill.  “It will begin in a moment.”
They waited.  The crowd of Sotarians dispersed, leaving only five men behind.  Four of them had full leather armour on, and one wore blue cotton without any leather sewn on.  From the distance Ren stood, she thought he would be the first one to be thrown from the ring.  Though her attention was divided, Ren could see the female warriors narrowing their eyes, unsure of what to take of the blatant sexism that had just happened.  Of course Garret would order them out of the circle, Ren thought.  She imagined he hadn’t even said “strongest” and merely substituted “men”.
“Can’t have women competing, can we?” Ren questioned.  She crossed her arms and sneered at Garret.
“On the contrary,” Garret replied.  “These are merely the strongest in Novae.”
“Stop it,” she requested once more to Maks.
Maks’s only reply was a wave of his hand, and the battle began.
As much as Ren didn’t want to watch, she couldn’t force her eyes to close.  And she was glad that she hadn’t, because she would have missed something amazing.  Just as the men began to spar, a woman jumped from the crowd.  Dressed in black, her clothing was different from what everyone else wore, and her light brown hair tied into a high ponytail made her stand out from the crowd of short-haired individuals.
Ren blinked, and it seemed like that was all it took for the woman to defeat the other warriors.  A few quick blows and each man was knocked to the ground.  Not unconscious, but enough for them to admit defeat themselves.  The woman had never even taken the weapons from her back.
Standing with her mouth agape, Ren didn’t know if she should cheer or duck for cover.  The woman stood, staring up at the royals, her breathing heavy as she flipped the hair out of her eyes.  A motion of disobedience rather than annoyance.  Ren loved it.
“That was…” Garret said, and even he was at a loss for words.
“Her,” Maks ordered.  Although what kind of order it was, Ren didn’t know.
“What’s happening?” Ren asked.
She was ignored again.  Garret questioned, “What do you wish her to do?”
Ren thought the woman showed too much defiance for Maks to like her.  Maks was a man that favoured a soldier that obeyed, not one that so blatantly fought for recognition.
The woman opened her mouth.  “I am Sheridan; the strongest Sotarian to walk this planet.  I will not be pushed aside so easily, Your Grace.”  Once again, Ren didn’t know whether to praise or sneer at the venom in the woman’s voice.  But something about her defiance made Ren’s skin tingle; nobody ever stood up to Maks like that.  It was refreshing.
Maks nodded.  “She’ll be Loren’s guardian.”
“What?” murmured Ren, her mind still reeling from the quick fight.  “My what?”
“There are enemies everywhere,” Maks explained.  “She’ll keep you safe.”
“What if she’s a rebel?” Ren questioned.  If anyone was going to be an obvious choice for a rebellion, it was Sheridan.  But something in the woman’s stance made Ren think she was trustworthy, if only from the way she spoke so freely to the so-called royalty.
Maks gave a faint smile.  “She isn’t.”
Ren wasn’t given any time to argue, as Maks and Garret had already started moving down the hill.  She followed, her footsteps hot on their heels with Abetha behind her.
“I have plenty of training to defend myself,” Ren said.  “I don’t need this!”
“This isn’t like your school on Earth,” Maks replied.  “There are enemies you don’t know about.”
“How often will she be around?” Ren asked, thinking her privacy was a long forgotten dream.
“Always,” said Maks.  “You will not eat or sleep or breathe without her there.”
“I don’t know her,” she argued, “you don’t know her.”
“That isn’t important.”
They reached the bottom of the hill where the fallen Sotarians were picking themselves up.  They gave quick bows to Maks and Ren before limping off into the crowd.  The woman who bested them waited.
“Sheridan, was it?” Maks asked, his back straight.
Ren crossed her arms, staring at the woman that would be following her forever.  She had startlingly light brown eyes, with matching light hair and tanned skin.  There wasn’t a mark on her, from either the fight or her years of service as a Sotarian.
Sheridan nodded.
“You’ll be guarding my daughter,” Maks explained, no questions about it.  “Your sole purpose now is to keep her alive.”
Sheridan nodded, not even seeming curious about the order.  “As you wish, Your Grace.”  There wasn’t nearly as much distaste in her words as before, maybe because she was so close to Maks.
But still the words bristled over Ren’s skin, and she hated how easily Sheridan accepted this new life.  Did she not have plans to do something else?  What about her family?  They wouldn’t be seeing her again unless Ren ventured into the city.
Sheridan looked to Ren, meeting her eyes unlike any other person on Novae.  Her heart skipped a beat and her chest tightened.  This wasn’t just a warrior standing before her, this was a killer.  A survivor.  Something that Ren had never encountered on Earth before.  It was a good thing she’d had practice not sleeping, because with Sheridan around she was certain she would never be able to blink again, let alone sleep for eight hours.
“I’m leaving,” Ren announced, unable to stay near her father or anyone for much longer.  As she started to make her way back to the manor two sets of footsteps followed her; she looked over her shoulder to see Abetha following tentatively, and Sheridan.  She lifted her shaking hands, having trouble finding any words to express how fast her heart was beating, and how much she didn’t want to be on Novae.
“You are not taking the boat back?” Abetha asked.
“No,” answered Ren.  “I’m not getting in a scow with him right now.”
No more words found their way to her tongue, and she ended up turning back around and quickening her pace.  She couldn’t yell at Maks in front of his people…it would have to wait.  The edges of her vision had blurred red, and she was having trouble walking in a straight line.
“My Lady, are you all right?” Abetha questioned.
“Fine,” mumbled Ren.  Her head felt light.  Nothing about coming to Novae was what she expected.  Not that she’d had much time to expect anything at all that was.
There were assassins and insurgents against her family, the Monarchy seemed to be planning on forcing her into bearing children, and now she had to deal with not one but two pairs of eyes constantly on her.  Worst of all Maks and Elian seemed content on letting it all happen.
But what about me? Ren thought.  Will I just let this happen?
“No,” Ren murmured, “I won’t.”
She whirled, ready to give Maks a piece of her mind.  Standing up to him was nothing new, she’d done it plenty of times before.  But as she stopped on the dirt she realized she’d have to tell her father that she wanted to go home, and have nothing to do with him or the Monarchy.  And saying it in person was very different than just moving out while he was away.
“Ren!” Elian called.  Ren looked at Sheridan and Abetha before turning to find her brother racing through the crowd towards her.  He had a large grin on his face, one she only saw when he thought about adventure.  Or ruling a planet.
“What?” she asked, still suspicious that he knew about the assassins and rebels.  Surely he would have told her.
He passed right over her prickly demeanour.  “I thought you would want to know something, but if that’s how you’re going to be—oh, hello Abetha.”  He nodded his head at the girl.  “You look lovely today.”
“You flatter me, my Lord,” Abetha said, turning her blushing face away from Elian.  His face was turning just as red, and Ren had to force herself not to check on Sheridan.  What did she think of this spectacle?  Ren wondered.  And she was unable to stop her eyes from looking in Sheridan’s direction.
Sheridan stood a few feet away, hand still fresh with somebody’s blood as she watched the surrounding people.  There weren’t many of them, a large bubble forming around the royals, but she was careful.  She was actually watching for a threat, Ren thought.  But there was something else hidden in her expression, a kind of wish for a challenge.  As she turned to get a better look at someone Ren noticed the thick sticks on her back had blades jutting out and curving on their ends.  Some kind of sickle? Ren wondered.  They seemed like such strange weapons to her, but another glance into the forest made her think otherwise.
“Who’s that?” Elian asked, when he finally tore his eyes away from Abetha.
“Sheridan,” Abetha replied, and it caught her attention.  Sheridan shifted her eyes towards the three, and Ren quickly looked away.  “She is my Lady’s personal Sotarian.”
Elian nodded his head.  “You have your own Sotarian?  Nice.”
“It isn’t nice,” Ren sniped.  “A person was just snatched away from their life to stay with me; that isn’t nice.”  She crossed her arms again.
“Did you say something to Dad about it?”
“Well, I was going to—I just…”  Ren didn’t have a good enough excuse for her brother.
“That’s what I thought.”  Elian sighed.  Ren hated that he made it sound like she always did this, but she felt it wasn’t her fault.  How did you confront a man that never came home?  How did you confront a King when he was standing in front of his people?  “Anyway, I came all the way down here to tell you that some supplies came from Earth.  There are a couple of small boxes that I’m assuming are yours.”
“My books?” Ren asked with far too much hope.
“Too light for books,” Elian mused.  “Naomi said it was something from your research that you really wanted.”
Ren lit up brighter than the sun over their heads, and set off in a run towards the manor; her translator had finally arrived!  It was at least a mile away, and it would have been faster to get into the small scow that they had taken to get to the city.  But she couldn’t do that, even if she did want to get back as fast as possible.
“What about Abetha?” Elian shouted.
Ren looked over her shoulder for a fraction of a second.  Sheridan was right on her heels, hair flying behind her in a wave.  “Keep her company!”
When Ren continued forward her hair into her eyes.  The sounds of footfalls behind her grew louder, and just as she turned to see how close Sheridan was her foot caught on an upturned stone.  Ren shouted and fell to the ground, scraping her hands and knees and her left cheek as she connected with the dirt.
The sound of rushing air flew overhead.  Ren looked to her right to see a stone arrow puncturing the tree, the feathers on the end still swaying in the wind.  She was stunned into silence while she attempted to push herself off the ground.
Ren searched the area to find where the arrow had come from, and when she turned to her left she saw a figure in the trees.  A man stood on a low, thick branch, fury in his shaded eyes.  His hand lifted, a jade blade glimmering between the leaves.
It shot forward and Ren braced herself for a new feeling, a searing and numbing pain she’d never felt before.  But rather than pain she was encompassed by a shadow.  Ren opened her eyes to find Sheridan holding the jade blade.  “Stay down,” Sheridan ordered as she threw the blade back into the trees.
Sheridan’s large hand pushed her back down as she tried to stand.  Dust swirled around her, blurring her vision as the wind picked up.  Ren shielded her eyes, and when the dust settled she caught a glimpse of a shadow moving into the trees, pulling another figure to the ground.
Ren coughed and stood, just in time to see Sheridan holding an arrow to a man’s throat.  The dagger was in his shoulder.
Elian landed beside Ren, grabbing her tight and forcing her to her feet.  “Are you okay?  What’s going on?”
“I—I don’t know,” Ren breathed, coughing through the flying dust.  “That man…”
“A rebel,” Abetha cried.  “He is a rebel!  Look at his markings.”
White scars shot up the man’s left arm, an old injury from a fire so hot Ren couldn’t even imagine how it must have felt.  He glared at Sheridan, and spat something in a language Ren didn’t recognize.  “What did he say?”
“He called Sheridan a traitor for protecting the false heirs,” Abetha translated.  She shied backwards, looking around for more rebels.
“I called for Dad,” Elian said.  “Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Maks?” Ren asked.  Her eyes went over Elian’s shoulder and found the four Sotarians Sheridan had defeated heading over.  She looked back at Sheridan and found neither she nor the rebel had moved an inch.  It was as if the wind itself didn’t dare touch either of them.
Only when the other Sotarians arrived did Sheridan choose to lower the arrow, and it was soon replaced with a blade by another’s hand.  Sheridan came to her side while the four Sotarians watched the rebel.
“Why did he attack me?” Ren asked.  Nobody had ever attacked her before.  On Earth she’d known everyone, even if she didn’t talk to them daily or consider them friends.  Murders and assaults were things of the past there, and was now only on other planets.
Planets like Novae, Ren thought.  She went to brush the dirt off her hands when a stinging pain ran across them.  Tiny scrapes covered her palms, but only a small amount of blood began to seep through.
“Rebels oppose—well, us,” Elian explained, still holding onto his sister’s arm.  So he did know about them.  He didn’t seem to catch her glare and added, “Although an attack like this…”
“You were very lucky Sheridan was here,” Abetha said, and for the briefest moment Ren wondered if Maks staged the attack.  But there was no way to know for sure, and she wanted to think that he wouldn’t do something like that.  Technically she was his daughter…there was no way…
And she didn’t think the hatred she’d seen in the man’s eyes could be an act.
“Thanks,” Ren mumbled to Sheridan.
“It’s what I’m here for,” she replied.  Her eyes continued to scan the trees for any other threat.  Ren was too flustered to think about her words.
“I uh…I’m going to go back to the manor.”
“We’ll walk with you,” Elian said.
“No, it’s fine,” Ren said, her voice low.  “Abetha go back with Elian and Maks.  Come by the library tonight and I can show you something neat.”  She tried to smile, for their sakes more than her own.  “I promise you’ll love what you see.”
Abetha and Elian were hesitant, and tried to follow when Ren started walking.  But she stopped them again, and shooed them back to the city where Maks waited.  The further she walked the more disappointed she felt that Maks himself hadn’t come to make sure she was okay.  Was that really asking so much?
“Are you injured?” Sheridan asked when Ren’s pace slowed.  
“Not physically,” Ren admitted.  It wasn’t her pride that had taken a beating, or even her emotions at the thought of almost dying.  It was her hopes that had taken a real hit.  She looked at Sheridan and wondered if she was the only one.  “You’re fine just being taken from town and told to watch me?”
Sheridan gave a shrug and tucked her hands behind her back.  It was such a quick movement that Ren thought she might cut herself on the blades, but she seemed fine.  She barely looked at Ren when she spoke, but when she did Ren felt like she was the only thing Sheridan was focusing on; like Ren was her entire world.  Her gaze was too intense, and whenever she spoke Ren felt like she wanted to disappear.  It was a strange combination.
“What did you want to do before?” she asked.
“I am a Sotarian,” Sheridan answered.  Ren grew tired of her simple answers, and continued in silence.
“Sorry,” she found herself saying.
“For what?” Sheridan asked.  It was the first thing she sounded truly curious about.  Ren didn’t dare look at her.
She sighed.  “You know, for taking over your planet.  Kind of rude.”
“It’s your birthright.”  
Ren paused before glancing at Sheridan.
“A little piece of paper doesn’t really give me the right to overthrow a government,” Ren replied.
“Our Prime Minister wasn’t interested in leading,” Sheridan explained.  “Maks seems like a good leader.”
Of course a warrior would consider Maks a good leader, Ren thought.  They were one in the same; they would battle to the death if given the command, no questions asked.  At least, that’s how it looked now.  So much for that rebel Ren saw in the pit, the one that looked so defiant of Maks’s command.
Ren quickened her pace, no longer interested in speaking with Sheridan.



Chapter 6

The only time Ren had ever rebelled in her life was when she’d gone against her father’s wishes and enrolled in ParTech University.  It didn’t take much; she’d filled out the application form, had an interview, and was accepted, all while Maks was away on duty.  He didn’t find out she’d joined until she was already a semester into her program.  That was a time when her anxiety was at it’s worst, and she hadn’t thought she would experience something like that again.  How wrong she was.
Ever since she’d come to Novae her anxiety had flared constantly.  Maybe that was why she was having such a hard time deciding if she really wanted to see the ruins.  If Sheridan and Kian were with her, would it be so dangerous to trek through rebel territory?  She clenched her hands into fists, peering into the forests around her.  Garret had assured her that she would be fine taking a walk in the garden, but was she really?  The tall pines could easily hide another attacker.  With her heart beginning to beat too hard, she returned her eyes to the words in front of her.
“What is that book about?” Abetha asked, her voice distant.  Ren looked back up, finding Abetha had finally sat down across from her.  They had already been there twenty minutes at least.  Sheridan had yet to sit, and remained on her feet beside a pillar.  Every few minutes Ren would check on her, and catch her about to lean on it.  But no matter how many times she asked, Sheridan refused to sit.  It seemed to be more about showing weakness than staying on guard.
“It’s about the wars back on Earth,” answered Ren.  She didn’t say that it was only the first volume in a series of over twenty, or mention just how many wars Earth had had.  Why was she suddenly ashamed of her planet?  She’d never been before.  Maybe it was because Abetha and everyone on Novae seemed so innocent.  There was so much they didn’t know and didn’t have in their past.
“That does not sound like an entertaining read,” Abetha said.  
“It’s not so much for entertainment, but for learning,” Ren replied, snapping the book shut.  “One of my professors always said that if we study the past we could make the future better.  I wouldn’t mind a future without war.”
Abetha nodded.  “War is when nations fight, correct?”
Ren paused.  Did they not even know the word?  “Has Novae never had a war?  The villages never fought or anything?”
Abetha thought a moment.  “Not that I can recall.  There have been arguments—but they were easily settled.”  She shrugged.  “Is the King afraid of a war?”
Ren wasn’t sure “afraid” was a word she would ever use to describe Maks’s feelings, but maybe he was, in a way.  He wanted to be prepared for the worst because he’d seen it before.  “He wants to make sure everyone is safe.”
Before she could say anything, Abetha quickly stood and looked over Ren’s shoulder.  Ren followed her gaze to find Kian making his way through the maze towards them.  His cape flowed behind him in the wind, and she thought he looked more like royalty than she or Elian did.
“Good afternoon, Princess,” Kian said with a small smile.  
“Hi,” Ren replied.  “What are you doing here?”
“I heard about what happened in Mahendra,” he said.  “I wanted to make sure you were doing all right.”  His eyes drifted towards Sheridan but he didn’t say anything about her directly.
“I’m fine,” Ren answered, “thanks to Sheridan.”  She gestured to her Sotarian, and as she did so Sheridan came around the pillar to show Kian her full size.  She was still a bit shorter than Kian, but her glare at him showed just how threatening she could be.
“Sotarians are excellent at what they do,” Kian said.  Ren liked how he never faltered around Sheridan as the others did, but it seemed more that he thought Sheridan was below him.  It was hard for Ren to warm up to a person that so clearly thought himself above, well, everyone.  If he thought she was kind for letting Abetha sit down, how did he treat his servants?  “May I sit?”
“Oh, sure,” Ren said, setting her feet onto the ground.  Kian gathered his cape to one side and sat beside her, taking a moment to admire the stained glass ceiling. 
“It’s quite brilliantly crafted, isn’t it?” he asked.
Ren looked up.  “I suppose so.”
“It was hand made years ago by a glass-smith in a neighbouring village,” Kian went on, “his son still makes things, I hear.”
“Back home everything is made out of the galaxy,” Ren told him, “I think by machines.  It must be hard to make things by hand.”  Ren could barely remember the last time she’d made herself a cup of coffee on Earth, let alone anything as intricate as the glass above them.
“That sort of ruins the ending, don’t you think?” Kian questioned, drawing her attention away from the glass.  “Having to work makes things worth while.”
“Of course.”  Ren paused.  “No offence, but did you come here for a reason?”  It didn’t feel like he was checking up on her as he claimed.  She opened a book and kept her finger between the pages to ensure she didn’t lose her place, hoping Kian might take the hint that she was busy.  Was this another one of Garret’s attempts?  Or maybe Kai’s?
“I just wanted to come by and see how you were,” he said.  “Rebels rarely come so close to the capitol—I imagine they were there for Maks, and tried to take you instead.”
Ren swallowed her fear.  “Well, they didn’t do a very good job.”
“No, they didn’t,” agreed Kian.  He cleared his throat and quickly moved on, “but now—”
“Abetha, there’s a lizard beside you,” Ren interrupted.  She set her book down and stood, ready to inspect the creature.  Its spiked head was like nothing Ren had seen on Earth—most of the reptiles were long gone, even in the sanctuary.
Abetha turned her head, eyes widening as she saw the small beast.  It flicked its tongue at her, and she shrieked as it opened its jaws wide.  Ren jumped forward from the bench, surprising both Kian and Sheridan, and stuck her hand between it and Abetha.  It’s teeth sunk into her skin, drawing blood.
“Ow!” she shouted.  As soon as it had bitten her the lizard dashed into the bushes, it’s one defence used.  The roses rattled with its movement as it escaped into the forest.  “I think I scared it.”
Ren stood, looking over her wound to find the bite wasn’t too deep.  When she wiped at the blood Abetha shrieked again, making Ren jump.  “Is it back?”
“You’ve been bitten!” Abetha cried, frantically waving her hands in the air.  Ren thought Abetha looked like some sort of ridiculous character she would watch on the holograms, but Abetha’s panic was very real.  She began trying to calm the girl down.
“I’m fine,” Ren said, “it’s nothing.”
“That is not nothing,” Kian said, standing.  “That was,”—he turned to Sheridan—“why did you do nothing?”
“I didn’t expect her to jump in front,” Sheridan growled.  She approached Ren, blocking Ren’s view of Kian as she took Ren’s hand.  Her eyes searched the wound as if looking for a splinter to pull out.  Ren stepped back.
“I said I was fine,” Ren repeated.  “Why are you all acting like I just had my hand cut offle?”  She blinked lazily.  Offle?  “Off,” she corrected.
Ren shook her head, beginning to feel dizzy.  Her tongue felt heavy, and as she tried to walk away from everyone she found herself falling backwards, her legs giving out beneath her weight.  
Sheridan came into view, upside down and brow furrowed.  “I can’t feel anything,” Ren said, taking her time to find the right words.  It was getting too hard to think.
“She’s been poisoned,” Kian declared, “it must have only been a baby.  I’ll call for a medic from the capital.”
Lifting Ren into her arms, the last thing Ren remembered was seeing Sheridan take her away from the shining glass overhead and towards a darkening sky.

Ren awoke surrounded by bright colours and firelight.  Her vision was blurred and the bright blobs were the only things she could focus on until a dark figure came into view.  Sheridan leaned over her and pushed her hair back with a rough hand.
“How are you feeling?” Sheridan asked.  Ren could feel her weight as she sat on the bed, the mattress dipping down far enough to make Ren slide a little.  Her eyelids fluttered closed as she tried to remember what had happened.
All she could do was shake her head.
“The doctor said you’ll be fine,” Sheridan mentioned.  “You should rest.”
There was a knock at the door, and Sheridan quickly stood.  She remained beside Ren’s bed as two more figures came into the room.  One voice she recognized as Elian’s.  “Is she awake?”
“Yes,” Sheridan replied.
Soon Elian was blocking her view, a mixture of worry and anger in his eyes.  “Aren’t you around to make sure she doesn’t get hurt?” he asked, never looking away from Ren.   He sat beside her as Sheridan had, but didn’t move the bed nearly as much.
Sheridan never replied, maybe thinking the same thing.  Ren’s chest began to hurt, and she could already feel the anxiety tightening around her throat.  Were they really mad at Sheridan for a random reptile biting her? 
“Maybe we need a different Sotarian,” Maks said.  Ren would always know his voice, delirious or not.
“No,” she croaked, shaking her head again.  “I like Sheridan.”  Despite how impossible a person she seemed to be.  There was just something about her that Ren didn’t want to let go of, not yet.  She knew she hadn’t met the true Sheridan yet, and the small glimpses she got during their time together was something she enjoyed.  The confidence, the strength—there was more to Sheridan than that.  The way she watched Elian’s machines with such wonder, it was almost childlike.  And how she would always flick her hair over her shoulder and make a small noise under her breath whenever Abetha said something funny.  And how, strangely, Ren really did feel just a bit safer with her around.
When Ren found the strength to lean up, Elian tried to push her back down.  She swatted his hands away and lifted herself enough to see the entire room.  Flowers covered every surface, some with cards and others with small boxes wrapped in ribbon.  She only looked at it a moment before facing Maks.
“What happened wasn’t because of a rebel,” Ren said, focusing as hard as she could to choose the right words.  She felt something was missing.  “Where’s Abetha?”
“Mahendra,” Elian said.  “Garret sort of fired her.”
“Well get her back here,” Ren ordered, her anxiety giving way to anger, “and tell Garret he has no right to decide who I surround myself with.”  She glared at Maks.  “And neither do you.”
Maks cocked an eyebrow but nodded.  Ren thought he might have approved of the way she handled things, and she knew he wasn’t one to ignore a selfless act.  “I’ll tell an officer to Transport her immediately,” he said, and left the room.
Elian’s lips were tight across his face, but he raised his eyebrows to silently ask, “What happened to my pushover sister?”
“I’m not in the mood to deal with Garret,” she sneered, earning her a smile from both Sheridan and Elian.  “And Sheridan isn’t at fault.  I was the one that jumped up to stop the lizard from biting Abetha.”  She thought a moment, looking out to the dark sky.  “What time is it?”
“About four in the morning,” Elian revealed.  “You’ve been out a while.  Anyway—”
“Four?” Ren repeated.  “How was I out so long?  And what was that—thing that bit me?”
“It was a naravindae,” Sheridan answered.  “Their bite kills within seconds.”  She sounded impressed.
Ren was too struck by that statement that she didn’t notice the glimmer of excitement in Elian’s eyes.  He jumped onto the bed, swatting her knees beneath the comforter to get her to move.  She pulled them to her chest, swatting him back.  
“Guess what though?” he asked.  “You’ll love this—it’s awesome.”
“I lived?  She said, hoping this wasn’t some form of purgatory.”  Sheridan tilted her head at Ren, eyes narrowed.  Narration was probably a little different here on Novae.
“No,” Elian said, “well, yes, you did.  But I mean you lived because of the Monarchy.”
“The scow doctor saved me,” Ren guessed.
“Dr. Weir saved you,” Elian told her.
Ren paused, and Elian waited for her to catch on.  “Our pediatrician from Earth saved me?”
“Yeah, yeah!  Remember all those needles we had to take when we were kids?  Well it turns out that Mom and Dad were right when they said it would keep us safe.”
Ren furrowed her brow and rubbed at her eyes.  “You’re saying we were vaccinated for the poison of a naravindae?”
“Exactly!”  Elian clapped his hands.  “The Novaeans think we’re magic now since you didn’t die right away.”
“How do they—Abetha,” Ren concluded.  She let out a long breath.
“She let is slip that you saved her,” Elian said, “they’ve been sending flowers ever since.  I guess that’s what their culture does when someone’s sick.”
“It’s what ours used to do, too,” Ren told him.  But she wasn’t up for giving another history lesson, and found herself distracted by the foreign beauties around her.  She took a deep breath through her nose, smelling the sweet fragrance of hundreds of flowers.
“If we were vaccinated for the poison, we should make sure that everyone else gets it, too,” Ren said.  “Is Maks planning on getting medicine here?”
Elian inhaled sharply through his nose.  “No idea.”
“You haven’t been with Maks since we got here?” Ren asked.
He shrugged.  “I’ve been hanging out in the capital, or working on my little projects.”  He gave her an exaggerated wink.  “Haven’t really seen Dad much honestly, so I don’t know what he’s been doing.  I think he’s mostly been stuck with Garret doing PR in the villages.”
That sounded like a personal hell for Maks, yet Ren didn’t feel too bad for him.  If it kept him distracted from growing his army, then maybe it was a good thing.  But that meant he wasn’t about to work on getting medicines here for the Novaeans.  “Sheridan,” she said, “what kind of doctors do you have here?”
“Our medics are very skilled in using herbs as ailments,” she replied.
“No cure for the common cold though,” sighed Elian.
“But they don’t have anything for naravindae bites?” Ren questioned.
Sheridan shook her head.  “Nobody had ever lived long enough.” 
Then that’s my priority, Ren thought.  She would ensure that every person on Novae would be vaccinated for everything known to the Monarchy and more.  How many people had died because they were bitten by a naravindae?  It made Ren’s heart sink knowing how simple the solution was.
She stared at a nearby candle, wondering if the Monarchy would be willing to send such large quantities of medicine to Novae.  If they wanted the people to continue being grateful to them, they would have to.
A bright white light shone in the hallway telling Ren that someone had just Transported, and suddenly Abetha rushed into the room.  She shouted, “You’re alive!”
She stopped beside Ren’s bed, hands in the air as she tried to understand why Ren was still alive.  Soon apologies and thanks came streaming from her mouth, and Ren had to interrupt.  “Calm down!  I’m fine.”
“You-You were so brave,” Abetha said.  “To stop a naravindae from biting me, by taking the bite yourself.  You are a hero.”
“I’m not a hero,” Ren said.  “But you’re welcome.”  Ren glanced at the number of flowers around her.  “How many people did you tell?”
“I told my parents,” she explained, “and they mentioned it to a few others.  Many found it unbelievable that you would do something like that for someone like me.  I am your servant—I should have been the one—”
“You’re not my servant,” Ren said, her voice sounding more powerful than she thought she was capable of.  “And I’m going to make sure that everyone on Novae gets the same medicine as me.”
Abetha’s eyes were wide, her mouth hanging open slightly.  “You would do that?”
Ren nodded.
Elian laughed.  “Look at you, acting like a true Prince—”
She stared him down.  “Don’t call me that.”



Chapter 7

The evenings seemed to come faster and faster as days went on, and Ren found herself always hidden away in the library.  It was the one place Maks didn’t bother to enter, and Garret had a distinct dislike of the “unsavoury scent”, as he put it.  But it was a sanctuary to Ren, and now that she had her translator she could get to work on learning how to speak the local language.
“This device inputs words into your mind?” Abetha asked, still unable to understand the technology.  She held the small box up, inspecting it curiously.
“Sort of,” laughed Ren, shutting one of her old textbooks.  “It helps create keys to translate symbols into my language.  Or…our language.  Do you know the origin of your language?”
It still confused Ren that the Novaeans were able to speak English but also had their own native tongue.  She already knew that the Absolution had crashed with some of Earth’s greatest adventurers, but where did these other words come from?  She couldn’t place them in any language she’d studied, and even her translator struggled to create keys.  She was relying on herself now, and not the technology.
“It is said that when the carrier crashed on our planet my ancestors met with a prophet, one that only spoke Novaean.  He declared that if they wished to stay on this ground then they must learn to speak in his tongue, or perish by the hand of God.”  Abetha spoke as if it were the truth, an honest believer.  Ren was much more skeptical.
She quickly jotted down a couple more notes on the background of Novae, theorizing that there were actually natives here at one point.  But the more she looked into the history the less she could come up with about anyone already living on the planet.  If they existed there didn’t seem to be any documentation of it.  At least not here.
And since Naomi was considered Maks’s aide-de-camp Ren was on her own for figuring it out.
“If you wish to know more about the history, why not ask the city archivist?” Abetha suggested.  “They know all there is to know about Novae and The Beginning.”
Ren took a deep breath, still unable to enter the city after she’d been attacked.  It didn’t have just to do with the attack, but more with talking to the people; her anxiety flared at the mere thought of it.  What could she say to them?
“Maybe another time,” Ren lied.  “I like to try and figure things out the old fashioned way first.”
“Is asking not old fashion on Earth?”  Abetha tilted her head and Ren caught the corners of her lips twitch.  It would have seemed mocking on anyone else.
“Ah…no,” Ren said.  Her fingers drummed along the surface of the book, her chest growing tight at the thought of venturing back into the city.  She knew she’d be safe with Sheridan there, but it wasn’t death she feared.
It was interaction.
She sighed, feeling even more pathetic than she had on Earth.
“Do you think your translator would work on the ruins?” Abetha asked.
“Ruins?” Ren questioned, perking right up.  “Right, the ones Kian mentioned.”
Abetha smiled, gentle but tight.  “Yes.  Past the river there are ruins that nobody has been able to decipher.  They have been there since long before The Beginning.”
“It’s not in Novaean?”
Abetha shook her head.  “It is similar, but the words do not make sense.”  She shrugged.  “Perhaps they mean nothing.”
Ren stood.  “Is it really that dangerous?  I mean, with Sheridan there—”
Sheridan appeared from behind a bookshelf.  She gave Abetha a hard look, and the girl shrunk back.  “The ruins are too far into rebel territory; it would be too dangerous a journey.”
Ren opened her mouth to argue, but someone else came to Sheridan’s defence. 
“She’s right you know,” Garret said, appearing from the woodwork, “it’s much too dangerous for the Princess to travel outside the city.  Even with a Sotarian—no offence.”
Sheridan pursed her lips and raised her eyebrows slightly.  To show such distaste with nary a word, it made Ren jealous.  Although she was starting to sense it was actually something else Sheridan had, something she could never attain.  The heart of a fighter, Ren thought.
“What are you doing here, Garret?” Ren asked, ignoring his statement.  She would find a way to get to the ruins, even if it did take her through rebel territory.  There were some things she would begrudgingly put up with on this planet, but being forced away from ancient ruins was not one of them.
Garret gave a tight smile.  “We need to speak.”
“You’re speaking,” Sheridan said.  Ren saw her eye twitch, a much more subtle way to show how much Sheridan disliked Garret.  It was hard to hide Ren’s growing grin; at least she wasn’t the only one that hated the man.
“Well,” Garret went on, “with everything that has been happening, the insurgents and…political organizations that are opposed to your father’s leadership…the Monarchy has come up with a possible solution.”
“Wonderful,” Ren said, “why don’t you go tell Maks?”  She waved him towards the door.
“Because it is you the Monarchy asks a favour of.”  Garret came further into the library, wrinkling his nose at the smell of the ancient texts.  He sat across from Ren, and she was forced to listen.  It felt wrong to have him there, like watching a bug fall into a spider’s web, though in this analogy Ren knew she was most likely the bug.
“What does the Monarchy want from me now?” she asked.  “They’ve taken my home, my life—what more can they take?”
“They would like you to consider some of the men from the village as your future husband,” Garret revealed.  Ren’s eyes widened, her mind reeled as she tried to figure out if she had heard him correctly.
She huffed, trying to catch her breath.  “Now they want me to give my love away?” she whispered.
Garret laughed.  “They want a marriage, not necessarily love.”
Ren and Abetha flinched, while Sheridan remained still.  “Marriage is love,” Abetha said.  Ren was surprised she was the one to say anything to Garret.
Garret held his palm to her.  “You will speak when spoken to, servant.”
“Don’t you d-dare talk to her like that!” yelled Ren.  She wished she hadn’t stuttered; it completely gave away how upset she was.  “And she is right.  I won’t marry anyone just because the Monarchy doesn’t like that their takeover isn’t going well.  I assume Kian is one of the candidates?”
“How many times must I tell you that we aren’t taking over?” Garret asked, exasperated.  “The former Prime Minister gave up his seat to us.  To you and your family.  They’ve given you everything you could dream of—all they ask is for you to consider some eligible men from Novae.  And yes, Kian happens to be eligible.”
“What good would this do?” Ren questioned.
“It would show the citizens of Novae that one day they will have their own blood as a King,” Garret said.  “It will show them that the Monarchy are not looking to do a hostile takeover, and are open to their concerns.”
“I won’t marry anyone just because you choose them,” Ren told him.
“Of course not,” Garret said with a laugh.  “They only wish for you to meet with some candidates—the noble bred bachelors of Novae, so to speak.”
Ren folded her hands in front of her, her anger easily subsided.  Fighting against the Monarchy wouldn’t do much good, but she still wanted to know.  “What did Maks say?”
“He thinks it is a good idea,” Garret said.  “It will let the people know we aren’t their enemies.”
Ren soon found herself nodding, and felt like a sell out when she looked to Abetha and Sheridan.  Abetha bit her lip, and Ren could see the disappointment and anger in Sheridan’s eyes.  Her brow was furrowed, and her hands in fists, though she quickly hid them behind her back.  How pathetic Ren must have looked to cave so easily.  If Sheridan were in the same position, she’d probably just ignore any advances that came from Garret or the Monarchy, or even Maks himself.  But some things Garret had said made sense and Ren didn’t exactly have anywhere to run on the planet.
“Only considering,” Ren said.  “I don’t plan on getting married or having kids for at least fifteen years.”  That still sounded too close for her comfort.
“Only considering,” agreed Garret.  He stood, beaming that he’d easily won the argument.  “I’ll make the arrangements to start this week.”
His footsteps echoed across the books as he left, leaving a hollow feeling in Ren’s chest.  One of the last things she wanted to do was going to happen multiple times, and there wasn’t any way out of it; she’d actually somehow agreed to it.  
“Oh,” Garret said, not even turning around to face her, “the citizens are having a festival tonight, in your honour.  I suggest you show up in royal attire.  Abetha, ensure she is ready.”
“Of course, sir,” Abetha said.  Her teeth clicked as her jaw snapped shut, each tooth grinding against its counterpart.
The sound of the door slamming shut behind Garret resonated against Ren’s skin.
“A festival?” Ren asked.  “Why didn’t anyone tell me?”  She shook her head, knowing she should have expected it.  With so many secrets about rebels and assassinations, why would they bother telling her about a festival?
“I was not aware until just now, my Lady,” Abetha admitted, fiddling with her hands.  “My apologies; I’ve not been into the capital for so long…”
“It isn’t your fault,” Ren said.  It’s mine.  “I guess you’ll be joining me on these dates, huh?”  Ren didn’t have to look at Sheridan to let her know Ren was talking to her.
“As Sotarian I will ensure your safety,” Sheridan replied, “no matter the cost.”  The corner of her lips upturned, and Ren hoped those words were true.
Ren tried to chuckle, but it came out more as a wheeze.  “How dangerous can they be?  The most eligible bachelors of Novae; if this were a couple hundred years ago there would be camera crews everywhere.”  Kian wasn’t so bad to talk to either; he was handsome, polite, and seemed to have a common interest in the ruins.  Maybe the other Novaeans would be similar.  Maybe Ren could convince him that people like Abetha were equal.
“Why?” Abetha asked.
“Oh—to record it,” Ren said.  
“Ah, for future records,” she concluded, “that is very clever.”
Ren cleared her throat.  “Yeah.”  She didn’t have the heart to tell the girl it would have been for the drama and entertainment.  She was certain Abetha already thought pretty low of Earth—she didn’t want to make it worse.
Naomi rushed into the library.  “There you are,” she called.  “I thought I would find you here.  Did Garret already talk to you?  I told him I wanted to be the one to do it.”
“About the festival or my arranged marriages?” Ren asked, getting snarky with the one person she could.  She felt guilty as soon as the words left her mouth, and found she couldn’t look at Naomi easily.
“It’s just dating,” Naomi said.  “No need to jump into bed with them unless you want to.”  She winked, and Abetha blushed.  “Now come on, Maks is letting me have a bit of time off to help you pick a dress.”
“I don’t have any dresses here,” Ren argued, “none of my things have come from Earth yet.”  She was starting to think they never would, either.
“You don’t have any there, either,” Naomi quipped.  “I’ve had some specially made by the Monarchy.  So hurry up, I have to help Elian after this and I suspect he will be much more frustrating than you.”
Ren stood like a puppet to Naomi’s words.  Sheridan watched her, and she felt like Sheridan was judging her for doing what she didn’t want to do.  But Sheridan was still too unreadable—only she knew whatever she truly thought of Ren.

In Ren’s room Naomi had already laid out three dresses, each more extravagant than the last.  All in silver, they were embroidered with gems of diamond and jade, and looked as if they might shatter should anyone touch them.
“I can’t wear those,” Ren declared.  She felt like they were breaking under her gaze alone.
“Why not?” questioned Naomi.  “They’re gorgeous and were made just for you.  Perfect measurements.”
“They have diamonds in them,” Ren said.  “Wait, why do you have my—”
“They are very beautiful,” Abetha breathed, staring at the gowns with starry eyes.  Judging from what everyone on Novae wore, Ren imagined that these dresses were something Abetha had never seen before.  They were bright and beautiful, completely contrast to the muted colours of Novae.
“The festival is for you and your family,” Naomi argued, “don’t you want to look nice?”
“Nice?” Ren repeated.  “Yes.  This doesn’t say nice though, this says…I’m—”
“Royalty?” Naomi finished wistfully.
“Vain,” Ren corrected with a sigh.  “I’m going to have to choose one, aren’t I?”
“You’ll have to act like you’re a Princess sooner or later.  Just be glad Garret doesn’t think you need lessons in manners like he does Elian.”
Ren snickered.  “Everyone thinks Elian needs lessons in manners.  I feel so bad for Ross.”  She looked to Abetha.  “Is he enjoying my brother?  He must be half mad by now.”
Abetha smiled knowingly.  “Ross has been very busy since your brothers arrival.”
“That’s what I thought.”
Ren approached the dresses.  Naomi pointed at the one on the right and said, “I think this one would suit you very well.  The jade will bring out the green in your eyes.”
Eyeing the dress, Ren decided she didn’t want to even try it on.  She grabbed the one in the middle, the most plain of them all, and made her choice.  “I’ll go with this one.”
Naomi cocked an eyebrow.  “Of course you will.  Go on then, put it on.”
Hurrying behind the divider, Ren listened as the women began to ooh and aww over the remaining dresses.  Of course there was one voice missing, a voice that despite never talking Ren could easily pinpoint in a crowded room.  Sheridan.  Before even taking her shirt off, Ren poked her head around the divider and found her Sotarian standing by the door.  She waved her hand to get Sheridan’s attention.
When Sheridan turned she raised her eyebrows in a silent question.
Ren asked, “Are you going to wear a dress?”
Sheridan’s eyebrows shot higher.  “No.”
“Why not?”
“I’m Sotarian,” Sheridan answered, her words quick and sarcastic.  For a moment her eyes widened and she glanced towards Abetha and Naomi, but both of them were still ogling the dresses.
Ren smiled.  “You can say what you want, you know.  I don’t mind.”  She shrugged, enjoying the brief moment of seeing the real Sheridan.  She’d known the attitude was there, but it didn’t come out much.  Not unless Sheridan’s strength was questioned, at least.
“Are you done already?” Naomi asked, turning.
“Oh, no,” Ren replied.  “Just a second.”  Dashing back behind the divider, Ren put on the dress.
“I’m sure you will be stunning in such a beautiful dress,” Abetha said.
“Are you going to wear one?” Ren asked.  There was no way Sheridan was going to slip into one of them, but Abetha might.
“Oh, I should not,” she declined.  “I am your—assistant, it would not be right.”
“Do you want to wear a dress?” Naomi asked, taking the words right from Ren’s mouth.
Abetha must have nodded, because Ren never heard her say anything.
Naomi said, “Then we will find you a dress.”
The door opened and shut, and Ren took this as her chance to get a perspective on her dress.  There was no mirror for her behind the divider so she needed to see the one on her vanity.
“What do you think?” Ren asked Abetha.  “It feels like way too much for a festival.”
But instead of finding her assistant in her room, Ren found only Sheridan.  She stared at Ren, eyes a little wider than normal, and remained silent.  Ren stared back at Sheridan until she found the will to blink, and asked, “Where’s Abetha?”
Sheridan tore her eyes away from the dress and met Ren’s gaze.  “You will attract a lot of attention in that,” she said, “Kian will enjoy it.”
Ren furrowed her brow.  “I don’t care what Kian thinks of it; he wears a cape.  Where’re Abetha and Naomi?”
Sheridan smirked.  “They said they were getting dresses from the Advisors closet.”  She stuck her nose in the air, running her tongue over her teeth as she debated something.  Crossing her arms, she shook her head and let her hair fall over her shoulder.  “You’re unique.”
That didn’t sound like a compliment.  “Pardon?”
“You don’t ask for what you want, and you expect others to know what you want without telling them,” Sheridan said.  “And you do things you don’t want to do, yet fight for what others want, even if you don’t know how.”  Sheridan shrugged.  “Unique.”
Wrinkling her nose, Ren thought a moment about what to say.  “I try to think about the consequences first.”
Sheridan looked away first, her eyes lowering to the floor.  “You won’t always have time to think, Princess.”
Ren took a deep breath, her chest puffing up.  She was ready to give Sheridan a piece of her mind, but as she opened her mouth she heard Naomi’s voice drifting from down the hall.  Starting an argument now with Maks’s right hand so close probably wasn’t the best idea.  And now that she took another minute to think about what Sheridan had just admitted to her, she wasn’t sure what to think.
“What did you mean?” Ren asked.
An arched brow was the only response from Sheridan.
“About the dress attracting attention.”
Sheridan’s eyes drifted down the dress lazily.  “I meant you look like what you are.”
Ren squinted at her.  Another insult?  She wanted to get the sweat off her palms but not on the dress, and ended up clasping them together.  Her heart was starting to beat in her throat again.
Soon the voices were closer, and there was a knock at the door.  “Come in,” Ren called.
Naomi and Abetha returned, arms filled with dresses, each of them beautiful but not flashy.  Naomi said, “I thought we could have a little fashion show.”
“Do I get to wear one of those?” Ren asked hopefully.  As much as she liked the high waist and flowing train, it was still too flashy.  She'd never be able to fit in with the Novaeans wearing so much silver; she looked like she belonged at one of the Monarchy's balls instead.
“That one looks spectacular on you,” Naomi said, dodging Ren’s questions and dashing all her hopes of wearing another dress.  “These beauties are for Abetha.  Here,”—she tossed the dresses on the bed next to the others and picked out a light blue sundress—“this will look lovely on you.”
Abetha patted her shirt, hands shaking after putting down her pile of dresses.  “It would not be proper,” she argued.  “I will be there to assist my Lady, not participate in the dancing or games.”
Ren chewed on her lower lip at the thought of dancing and games, though the archeologist inside of her was curious about the development of Novaean culture.  How different was it from Earth?  
“I don't mind,” Ren said, watching as Abetha eyed the blue dress.  “If you want I can give you some time off while I...dance.”  She tried to mask a groan and looked away, pretending to inspect herself in the vanity mirror.
“You can too,” Ren told Sheridan, meeting her reflected eyes.
She didn't say anything, and Ren took that as her promising to stay by Ren’s side the entire night.  In a way it made her feel better, despite Sheridan’s demeanour and earlier comments.
Ren stroked her hand down the dress, wondering what her father might think of it.  Sometimes she thought he saw anything feminine as a weakness, living in the old days when being a woman meant you were weak.  Ren didn't understand it, considering Naomi was his second in command.  She eyed Naomi's plain black pants and shirt, wondering if she altered her apparel to please Maks.
“Where did you get all these?” Ren asked. 
“I knew they wouldn't give you much to choose from,” Naomi said, “so I brought some of my own things in case.  We're about the same size.”
“You're five inches taller though.”
“Well, they'll obviously need to be hemmed.”  Naomi grinned.  
“Knock knock,” a voice echoed from outside.  Ren looked to the open door to find Elian poking his head in, his eyes immediately going to her dress.  His nose wrinkled.
“Not a word,” Ren ordered with a glare.
“I was going to say you look nice,” he countered.  His eyes moved to Naomi, purposely drifting past Abetha as if she or Sheridan weren't even in the room.  Ren thought it was odd, considering how he’d always blushed around her before.  “You wanted me to try something on?”
“Right,” Naomi said, turning to the bed to grab the bag off the canopy rail.  Ren hadn’t even noticed it before, her eyes too drawn to the dresses.  “You need to wear this; it's traditional Novaean attire with just a hint of Monarchy.”  She unzipped the bag to reveal a silver suit, similar to what Ren had seen some of the men wearing when they'd first arrived.
“That's a hint?” Elian questioned, taking in all the silver. 
“Just change,” Naomi ordered.  Abetha looked uncomfortable with Naomi's familiarity, and Ren was certain she would be getting questions about it later.
Elian rolled his eyes dramatically, and Ren snickered as he headed behind the divider.



Chapter 8

Each member of the royal family took a different scow down to the festival.  Ren thought it was a bit much, but Garret insisted it would help show Novae just how powerful they were; it was all for show, to instill confidence in the people.  Ren didn’t quite understand why they needed constant reassurance about their new leaders.  Regardless of what she thought, Ren sat impatiently beside Sheridan and Abetha and waited for the scow to arrive at its destination.  She was certain it was driving slower than normal just to torture her; she wanted this over with.
Abetha gripped the seat.  “This is very uncomfortable.”
“I know,” Ren sighed, knowing they were talking about completely different things.  She peeked at Sheridan from the corner of her eye; Sheridan’s formal wear fit her well.  It looked much like Elian’s suit, with a high collar and buttons hidden beneath a flap of fabric, but in all black rather than silver.  She didn’t look like she would be a deadly Sotarian at all.  In fact, Ren thought Sheridan looked more like a model than anything.  She even looked more like royalty than Ren did.  Well, as long as she didn’t move her arms; when she did her muscles rippled beneath the cloth, giving her immense strength away.  Her hair was tied to the side as it draped over her shoulder and shone against the dim lights.  Ren thought the suit was just a touch too small for her.
Ren picked at the bandage on her wrist, and caught Sheridan looking at it.  Her jaw tightened, holding back words about the subject.  She’d been acting strange all day but Ren didn’t know if it was because she said it was okay for Sheridan to speak her mind, or if it was because Sheridan had failed in her duty.  After all, if Ren hadn’t been vaccinated by the Monarchy, she’d be dead right now.  Even though Naomi had suggested covering the bandage with a corsage, Ren thought that might be misinterpreted by Maks; she wanted him to know she wasn’t ashamed of what she’d done.  She flattened a small wrinkle on her dress.  “How long do you think the festival will last, Abetha?”
“Most of the night I imagine,” she replied, flinching as they went over a small bump.  Ren looked out the small window and watched the pine trees whiz by.  How many people would she have to dance with?  And how many of them were Garret’s eligible bachelors?
“Do you dance, Sheridan?” she asked.
It was Sheridan’s turn to flinch this time.  She looked to Ren, eyes wide.  “Dance?” she repeated.  “What do you think?”
Abetha gave a small gasp at Sheridan’s blatant disrespect.  But it just made Ren chuckle; of course Sheridan didn’t dance.
“I think Garret is going to make me dance with his bachelors,” Ren explained.  “I don’t really want to.”
“Then don’t,” Sheridan replied.  It was a simple answer to Ren’s dilemma, but an impractical one.  There was no way she was going to get through the night without dancing with at least one person.  Before she could say anything else, the scow came to a stop.  Ren’s heels clicked together as she straightened, waiting to hear the roar of a crowd but it was almost silent.  Only whispers came through the door.
Anxiety rising, Abetha was first to step out; or jump out really.  Voices grew louder, and Sheridan was next to leave.  She stepped down from the Scow and offered her hand to Ren, helping Ren onto the cobblestone path.  It was almost impossible to stand with her heels, and the sudden cheers from the surrounding people made her nearly fall over.
She gripped Sheridan’s arm tightly, taking in the festival.
Lanterns hung from strings across each building, lighting Mahendra in blue and green.  Banners and decorative cloths coated each little booth that displayed food and drinks and small trinkets for sale.  Citizens lined the street, all of them smiling and clapping at her.  Elian approached her.
“They’ve all heard about your heroism,” he revealed with a laugh.
“My what?” Ren asked.  For a moment she’d completely forgotten what the people thought of her.  They thought she was a hero for saving one of their own, even though Ren had had no idea that’s what she was doing.
“When you saved Abetha,” Elian said.  “They heard about it; they kind of love you even more now.  I mean, the flowers were one thing, but check this out.”  He gestured to the crowd and decorations behind him.
Ren tried to back peddle but Sheridan kept her in place.  “I’m not a hero.”
“You are to us,” Abetha said, her smile growing.  Ren’s nails began to dig into Sheridan’s suit, but she never complained.  Instead she started walking Ren through the crowd, careful to watch anyone that came too close.  But much like before, the Novaeans didn’t try to get any closer than three feet.  They shouted their thanks at her, waved and smiled.  Still Ren felt threatened in a way.
The sounds of strings played from somewhere far away, reminding Ren she had places to avoid.  If she didn’t get too close to the music, maybe she wouldn’t have to dance with anyone.  She searched the area for Garret or Maks but couldn’t find either of them.
“What do we do now?” Ren asked Elian.
“We party,” he replied.  “Try not to strain yourself on the concept.”  He swatted Ross’s arm.  “Come on, let’s get a drink!”
Ross groaned, but quickly followed after Elian as he ran off.
“Wait!” Ren called, reaching out for her brother too late.  She stumbled forward after letting go of Sheridan, almost falling to the stones below when an arm shot out to steady her.  She looked over to find a splash of white hair, and Kian’s green eyes glowing in the lantern light.
“Careful,” he said, “the stones are a little uneven.”
Ren jumped back again, crashing into Sheridan as she tried to distance herself from Kian.  “Right,” she agreed, knees shaky.  
“I’m sorry,” he said, “I didn’t mean to—”
“It’s fine,” Ren interrupted, rubbing at her arms.  She’d never been so uncomfortable touching someone, and she blamed it on her anxiety in the new situation.  She never had been able to touch others so easily.  “Thank you, though.”
“It was the least I could do for you,” Kian answered.  “Considering your kindness to us.”  He smiled, but something about it felt wrong.  His words always matched his expression, Ren realized, and that was what put her on edge.  She was used to people like Maks and Sheridan, or Elian; not this…fake kindness she felt from Kian.
Ren looked around, unsure of where to go.  Everyone was watching her, maybe wondering if Kian was going to be the one Ren chose over all others on Novae.  She didn’t want to get too far away from Sheridan, finding Sheridan’s presence more than a little comforting, especially tonight.
Maybe Maks was right in giving her a Sotarian.
“Would you care to dance?” Kian asked.  “I chose the best musicians from across the villages for tonight.”
Ren didn’t have a good enough excuse to say no.  Kian stared her down, waiting for her to say the inevitable yes so he could escort her to the dance floor, wherever that may be.  She swallowed audibly when Sheridan began to pull her away.
“Just one dance,” Ren said, feeling she could stomach it with Kian for a short while.  “I’m still feeling a little woozy from the bite.”  She held up her wrist as if that were proof.  There was a small sound of disapproval from Sheridan’s throat as if Ren had disappointed her greatly.  Maybe it had been a test to see if Ren really could say no to someone on Novae.  As Kian offered his arm to her, she thought that was becoming more and more impossible.  No matter how much she kicked and screamed, the Monarchy was going to get exactly what they wanted from her, weren’t they?  She shivered as she reluctantly took Kian’s arm.
Trying to make herself feel better, she made sure to send Sheridan a look.  A look that was a silent order to save her should the dance last too long.  Sheridan didn’t give any sign that she understood, and only followed beside Abetha as Kian took Ren closer to the music.
Soon they found the line of musicians, and what Ren would call the dance floor.  It was the centre of the capital, a large stone patio with the national symbol painted on it.  Dozens of people danced, already clearing a small path for her and Kian.
“How do you dance here?” Ren asked.
“I believe like this,” Kian replied.  He set his hand on her waist and put hers on his shoulder.  Their free hands held together, Kian’s grip was tight.  Before Ren could ask anything else he whisked her across the dance floor, easily taking the lead.
Ren began to feel dizzy watching the blur of people move around her.  She tried to focus on something else but Kian moved her too quickly around the floor and all she could do was look at him to keep from being sick.
He really did have nice eyes.  “You’re experienced,” Ren said.
Kian smiled.  “I was forced to take lessons,” he revealed, “I never believed my father when he told me they would come in handy one day.”
Ren chuckled.  “My father made me take weapons training, and defence classes.  I’ve yet to use it.”
Kian faltered, but quickly recovered their pace.  He cleared his throat before speaking.  “That is very…unusual.”
“I noticed that there weren’t many older female Sotarians,” Ren went on, her eyes going to the surrounding crowd.  She could see some of the Sotarians that had fought against Sheridan, and some she didn’t recognize.  None of them were over the age of thirty.  “Are they not allowed to be Sotarians?”
“There have been a few,” he answered, “but many choose another profession when they want children.  Some of the men do as well; it is hard to risk your life when you know it is not just yours you risk.”
The words resonated within Ren, and some part of her hurt because of it.  
“Which reminds me,” Kian went on, oblivious to her feelings, “would you like to visit the ruins with me?  Your father has taken care of most of the rebel threat—I do not see why it should be so dangerous if we took a Sotarian with us.”
Ren blinked hard and began to feel a little light headed, and just as she was about to politely leave Kian on the dance floor they crashed to a stop.
“May in interrupt?” Sheridan asked.  The smile on her face was blindingly beautiful, and Ren wondered where it had come from.  Even Kian’s footing stumbled under the beam that was Sheridan.
“Yes,” Ren said fast, “I think I need a break from the movement.”
“Of course,” Kian agreed, immediately letting her go.  “My offer still stands, my Princess.”  She’d thought he’d put up more of a fight, but easily walked away after a bow. 
Ren all but ran to a clear spot away from the dancers, where there were no booths selling anything and nobody playing games.  The heels of her shoes were sucked into the grass with each step, making it an awkward walk until she was able to lean against a large pine tree.
“Thanks,” she said to Sheridan.
“Would you have said yes?” Sheridan asked, ignoring her thanks.
“Yes to what?”
“To Kian’s offer to visit the ruins,” Sheridan replied.
“Oh, maybe,” Ren said.  “Is it so dangerous?”
Sheridan took a deep breath, struggling with something.  “There are places I can take you, if it means you will not go anywhere with Kian—especially the ruins.”
Ren eyed Sheridan in the dark, noting how her dress reflected shades of blue and green onto Sheridan’s face.  The lanterns swayed in the wind above them, casting down shadows of every colour.  It was so warm but there was a hint of a chill on the wind of the coming winter.  From the edge of her vision Ren could see small flashing lights dotting between the trees.
As much as Ren wanted to ask why Sheridan had such a grudge against Kian, she wanted to know what these places were.  “Where?”
“We can go now, if you wish.”  There was a smile growing on Sheridan’s lips, different from before.  More real this time, Ren thought.  Like she was genuinely excited to do something.
Ren perked right up, and didn’t even take a second to look to where Abetha had run off.  She nodded her head eagerly.  “Absolutely.”
Sheridan nodded her head towards the forest behind them.  “It is not very far.”  She reached overhead, easily grabbing onto a lantern and untying it from the string.  It lit their way into the forest with an eerie blue glow.  Even Ren’s dress emanated a soft grey light it seemed, illuminating her skin.
When they started walking Ren found it difficult with her shoes.  She asked Sheridan to wait, and when they were safely hidden in the darkness of the trees she took her heels off, letting her toes sink into the grass and dirt.
“That is so much better,” she sighed.  Sheridan didn’t say anything but glanced approvingly at Ren’s feet.  The Princess doing something so unlike royalty must have been interesting for her to see.
Ren hadn’t been in the forest yet, or ever, actually.  Every time she looked between trees she half expected someone to be tossing a knife at her head.  But now it was different and she was free to take in the world around her.  She studied the way it smelled, the way the dirt was soft and occasionally wet where she walked, and how small drops of water would drip onto her head.  Fallen leaves decorated the ground, all of them differently shaped; it made her think of snowflakes, and she couldn’t wait until it was winter.
“Where are we going?” she asked Sheridan.  The Sotarian was two paces ahead of her, and Sheridan finally stopped to let her catch up.  
“You will see,” Sheridan replied.  Ren caught her lip twitch in a resisted smile.  Was she excited to show Ren this place?
After a few more minutes of walking they approached a large hill, something bright green glowing on the other side.  Sheridan easily climbed it, but in bare feet it was slippery for Ren.  Her Sotarian noticed, and offered her her hand, which Ren hesitantly took.  Lifting her higher on the hill, Sheridan said, “This is holy land of sorts for Novae; the Jade Lake.”
She pulled Ren atop the hill, revealing a bright body of water.  It was the clearest water Ren had ever seen, letting her view the precious gems that sat on the bottom.  Ren couldn’t see where the reflected light came from, only that the world was lit up in sparkling green.  Sheridan hung the lantern on a nearby tree, and waited for Ren to react.
“It’s beautiful,” she whispered.  “Is it natural?”
“This lake has been here since The Beginning,” Sheridan replied.  “It’s where Mahendra gets all of its gems from.”
“They look like emeralds,” Ren said, “not jade.”
“When a piece is taken, it regrows overnight,” Sheridan said, “nobody has found an answer why yet.  I believe the mayor is afraid of telling the Monarchy about its capabilities.”
Ren started walking down the hill, letting her feet slide until she reached the bottom.  “Why?” she asked.  “We have biologists that could figure it out, I’m sure.”
Sheridan shook her head, following Ren down.  “That is why.  They would destroy it.”
“Well, they would take samples,” Ren argued, “not destroy it.”
The closer she got to the lake the more she thought Sheridan would stop her.  Sheridan never did, and only followed behind as if they were in the manor.  She knelt beside the water, watching it wave in and out of the sand gently with the breeze.
“Why did you bring me here?” she asked.  It was against Maks’s rules, and though Ren had only known her a short time, Ren hadn’t thought Sheridan would break the rules so easily.  Yet she still brought Ren to one of the many places Maks had forbidden, and didn’t even know about.
“When one is battling a river it is best to travel with the current,” Sheridan replied, a small smirk appearing.  She knelt beside Ren and dipped her fingers into the water, swirling them around to create a line of green light.  “This place is magic; I thought you could use some magic.”
“Magic isn’t real,” Ren said, although she enjoyed the idea of it.  She wasn’t one to shy away from the entertaining tricks, from smoke and mirrors, but she knew it was just that.  Tricks.  “There’s probably some kind of algae here to create the glow, and maybe some kind of advan—”
“Not everything needs to be explained,” Sheridan said.  “Sometimes it just is.”
That made Ren quiet and she kept her opinion to herself.  If the people of Novae believed in certain magics then that was fine.  She didn’t want them to force their beliefs on her, so why should she force hers on them?
“Thanks,” she mumbled, “for bringing me here.  You know, you’re actually really sweet.”
Sheridan blanched, her hand stopping all motion and remaining in the water.  “What?”
“You try to hide it,” Ren said, her lips turning upwards, “and you always have those things on your back.”
Sheridan tilted her head to glance at the weapons she was never without.  “They’re kamas,” she said before looking back at Ren.
“But I can see it.  You act like you couldn’t care less about the world and what people think but you like Novae.”  Ren was careful with her words.  “You don’t like the Monarchy.”
Sheridan took a deep breath.  “I don’t.  And neither do you.”
Ren whirled, almost toppling over before she steadied herself.  “They’re my government.”
“Nobody likes their government,” Sheridan said, her eyes squinting.  Ren stood, nervous that the Monarchy was somehow listening to every word but knowing they couldn’t be.  She’d left her communicator at home tonight, since it hurt too much to wear over her bandages.  Sheridan stood as well, her teeth showing as she grinned.  “You can say it, I won’t judge.”
“I don’t hate them,” Ren said.  “I just…I don’t trust certain people they choose to put in power.”
“Like Maks?  I’m sorry, His Grace?”
Both Ren and Sheridan rolled their eyes.  Ren admitted, “Like Garret.”
“That is the smartest thing I’ve heard you say,” Sheridan said with a laugh.  She glanced over her shoulder towards the festival.  Ren couldn’t hear any of the music or voices from here, but knowing they were on the other side of the trees made her stomach sink.  She didn’t want to go back just yet, not after Sheridan had finally opened up.
“I say plenty of smart things,” Ren retorted, finally coming to her senses after a long pause.
“You think them,” Sheridan countered, “you don’t say them.”
Ren flinched and changed the subject.  “What other places did you have to show me?”
“Another day,” Sheridan answered.  Either she didn’t notice the sudden change in Ren, or she didn’t care.  She looked back at the blue lantern, how it hung loosely against the pines, and still didn’t want to go back despite Sheridan’s subtly harsh words.  A festival wasn’t a place she wanted to be; she wanted to stay at the lake with Sheridan, if only for a few more minutes.
Ren hugged herself, letting her shoes fall into the sand.  Sheridan didn’t push to make her head back to the festival, even though she thought Sheridan would have.  Should have, even.  They’d been gone a while, and Abetha or Garret would probably be searching for her.
“I guess it isn’t so bad,” Ren murmured.  She crossed her arms and looked out over the lake.
“Are you referring to the Jade Lake or Novae?”
Ren took a moment to think about what she meant.  She’d never had any sort of attachment to anywhere.  Her home back on Earth was so small, just a single island floating against a planet of hot blue water, that it had never occurred to her what the rest of the universe was like.  Her duty to her father and Elian, and even the Monarchy, just didn’t seem important when she stood next to Sheridan.  
“The people of Novae,” Ren answered quietly.



Chapter 9

The next morning Ren awoke to Naomi swinging open her curtains.  For a brief second she thought she was back on Earth, hiding away in the library to avoid Naomi’s constant mothering; it had only ever felt as if she was getting information to give to Maks anyway.
Ren groaned and leaned onto her elbows, pushing her hair back.  
Naomi smiled wide at her.  “Time to get up.”
“What time is it?” Ren questioned.  She looked at her watch on the nightstand; the small glowing green light told her it was far too early to be awake.  The orangey glow of sunrise only confirmed the early hour.
“It’s time to get breakfast,” Naomi announced.  “You have a busy day ahead of you; you and Elian.”  She wiggled her eyebrows, probably excited about waking Elian up.  Ren had never been able to get her brother up before at least eleven, unless he’d already been up all night with something else.
“Why?”  She’d been free to sleep as long as she wanted before, why change now?  Ren glanced at the door and caught Sheridan peeking inside, a small smirk on her face.  Ren squinted at her.
Naomi waved the Sotarian inside.  “Come on in, you’re involved in this too.  Especially after last night.”  She gave Sheridan and Ren a knowing look, a hard stare that told Ren she knew exactly what they did when they disappeared from the festival.  It wasn’t anything bad or shameful but still a blush crept onto Ren’s cheeks.  Why was she feeling so…happily embarrassed?  She thought she would describe the strange flutter in her chest as ebullient, even.
Sheridan came inside and stood close to Ren’s bed, the scent of the forest drifting off her.  Ren wanted to send her away, because having anyone see her in bed wasn’t something she enjoyed, especially after just waking up.
“What’s going on?” Ren asked Naomi.
“Your father, His Grace,”—she rolled her eyes, just a small gesture to what she thought of Maks’s new title—“noticed you went missing last night.”
Ren glanced towards Sheridan, unable to meet her gaze and only able to find her knees.  Of course he’d noticed; there was no way the Princess could leave a festival in her honour without being noticed.
“So he’s punishing me by waking me up before dawn?” Ren questioned.  She sat up and pulled the covers higher as she prepared to fall back onto her pillows.  Naomi wasn’t about to let that happen and swiped the covers away quickly.  “Hey!”  
“By making you run drills,” Naomi revealed.  “Sort of.”
With a groan Ren fell onto her pillows, the chill of the morning sinking into her skin.  “This again?  I’m not in high school anymore, Naomi.  He can’t keep doing this.  I’m not going to run laps around the manor.”
“I did say ‘sort of’, didn’t I?”  Naomi looked to Sheridan, but she never acknowledged one way or the other.  Naomi didn’t bother waiting for her reply.  “Maks wants you to do a little training with the Sotarians to learn their fighting style.  It isn’t the same as on the scows you know.”
Ren rolled over, reaching weakly for the blankets and finding them just an inch out of reach.  She wiggled her fingers at them, but it didn’t make them magically jump towards her.  Naomi was still careful and pulled them further away with a scowl.  Ren asked, “He wants me to fight with the Sotarians?”
“He wants you and Elian to learn some of their moves and practice on your own time,” Naomi replied.
“Then we’ll have a bit of defence if they attack.”
“When they attack,” Sheridan stated, her tone much too casual.  There was no strain in it, no hint that she was holding something back.  It made Ren sit up, knowing Sheridan was so sure they would be attacked again.
“I’m capable of handling an attacker,” Ren informed the room.  “I’ve had training back on Earth.”
“You’ve had formal training, with rules and boundaries,” Sheridan replied, crossing her arms.  “You fought for nothing.  Here we fight for survival.”
“To kill you mean.”
Sheridan’s jaw tensed.  “Sometimes that’s what survival means.”
The answer was true, Ren knew that, but she didn’t want to accept it.  It was the same answer Maks had always given her, the same one everyone always gave throughout history and the answer that the Monarchy always fell back on.  She didn’t reply, making Sheridan arch her eyebrows at Ren, daring her to try to argue.
“Can I at least eat first?” Ren questioned, arms crossed just as tight as Sheridan’s.
“Eat while you watch,” Naomi suggested.  “Now come on, we need to find your brother.”
Ren huffed, growing more and more annoyed by this sudden demand from her father.  By the demands of the Monarchy and Novae.  “Have you tried his room?”
“Yes,” Naomi answered.  “Do you know if he’s been hiding anywhere in the manor?”
Shaking her head Ren shooed Naomi and Sheridan from her room.  She got dressed quickly, despite the tempting thoughts to take her time; she didn’t want to make everyone else wait just because she was mad at Maks.  When she stepped out of her room Naomi handed her a power bar and asked if she would help search for Elian.
“I’ll just try calling him,” Ren said, pressing a finger against her watch.  It stung a bit over the bite, but not having it on made her worried, especially after venturing so far last night.  It didn’t matter how safe she was with Sheridan, Sheridan couldn’t handle everything…could she?  Ren scrolled through the few numbers she had before finding Elian, and dialed.
“No satellites,” Naomi said with a grimace.
“I’ll switch it to short range then,” Ren said with a shrug.  It was something her brother had installed onto her watch; it let her talk to anyone else with a communicator without the use of a satellite.  It wasn’t breakthrough technology, or even new actually, but it made finding people easier as long as they had the same modifications on their watch.  So far she’d only used it with Elian.  She didn’t understand why it wasn’t installed on every communicator.  The Monarchy put too much faith in their satellites.
“Hey, Elian,” she said, “are you there?”
Sheridan watched her, a small sparkle in her eye as she marveled at Ren’s technology.  Was this really so strange for her to see?  Maybe it was.  Ren wanted to show it to Abetha later, just to see what she would say.
After a few seconds Ren almost gave up as worry sank into her stomach.  But then her watch fizzed with a connection and Elian’s voice came through.  “What?”
So he is working on something then, she thought.  “Where are you?”
“In my room, why?”  His voice echoed a bit, as if he were in a tunnel.
Ren looked to Naomi, who furrowed her brow.  “Just wait there, we’ll come to you.”
“We?” he asked.  Ren snapped off the short range communicator and headed towards Elian’s room.  Naomi led the way, her hair swaying with her hips and heels clicking against the marble floors.  Naomi chose to avoid walking on the carpet, while Ren chose to step lightly upon it.  Ren knew how much Naomi liked that people could hear here coming; it gave her a sort of joy to think about the fear her subordinates had at her arrival.  Ren was certain it was the only reason a high-ranking scow officer would wear heels on duty.  Glancing back Ren realized Sheridan was actually walking beside her now, no longer trailing behind like a servant.  When Sheridan caught her staring she quickly looked away.  Ren was eager to analyze the change in her Sotarian.  Was she starting to see Ren as an equal now that they’d bonded?
Knocking on the door to Elian’s room gave them no answer, and after another few knocks Ren thought she might have the wrong room.  Naomi might have led her there but she still worried that she’d actually forgotten which room was her brothers.  They’d already felt so separated since getting to Novae; Ren wouldn’t be surprised if Elian had moved out of the manor already.
Naomi opened the door.
“Wait,” Ren argued.  She’d always hated entering a room uninvited, even if it was her brothers.  Naomi ignored her and walked in, dragging Ren and Sheridan with her.  “We can’t just—fine.”
“Elian?” Naomi called.  “Your highness?”
Ren wrinkled her nose at the title even if it had been used sarcastically.  There was no reply and Ren could barely see any evidence that Elian was even living in his room.  He must have been truly caught up in something.
Searching the room she found it was much like hers, but where she had mahogany he had some kind of lighter wood, with white accents to go with the marble.  She liked it better, and thought it looked a lot less dreary.  Less…breakable.  Her eyes fell on the closet.
With a sigh she walked over and swung the doors open, revealing her brother to the others.  He jumped and threw a sheet over something, his latest toy.  “Jeez, don’t you knock?”
“We did,” Naomi replied, hands on her hips.  “How long have you been up?”
Elian shrugged.  There were large bags under his eyes, but he didn’t seem very fatigued.  His face lit up with a smile, making Ren smile too, and Naomi despite herself.  That was the effect Elian had on people.  Ren glanced at the slight scowl on Sheridan’s face, and decided maybe it wasn’t everyone as she’d originally thought.  “Are we doing something with the people today?  Another party?”
Ren rolled her eyes and moved aside so her brother could leave the closet.  He shut the doors behind him, successfully hiding his project.  Naomi said, “Something like that.  Are you hungry?”
Elian looked around the room in thought.  “Not really.”
Naomi nodded and went to move on when Ren interrupted.  “When was the last time you ate?  And how long have you been in there?  All night, I’m guessing.”  Copying Naomi’s power stance, Ren set her hands on her own hips.
Ren watched Sheridan from the corner of her eye as Sheridan surveyed them in action.  Sheridan seemed awfully interested in what she was doing this morning, and amused by it.  It made her feel like Sheridan thought she was a child trying to play grown-up.
“I wasn’t in there all night,” Elian groaned.  “I started out here, and then had to move in there to see better.”
“You see better in the dark?” Sheridan asked, squinting at Elian.
“I do with my projects,” Elian replied with a wicked grin.  “So, what are we doing today?  Or did you just come by to feed me?”

Standing on the front lawn, Ren found she couldn’t even snack on the second power bar Naomi had given her.  She was with her brother, and after not holding a conversation with anyone for very long she thought she should be happy.  But instead she felt miserable; her “training” involved watching two men beat on each other.  It was barbaric.
Sheridan hadn’t been lying when she’d said Ren fought with rules and how different that was from Novaeans fighting techniques.  Two Sotarians danced in front of her, displaying their footwork to the royals in hopes of teaching them a thing or two about how to move.  All Ren learned was that she didn’t want to be in a fight with a Sotarian.
Not only were all of them bigger than she, they were faster too.  On Earth she’d been able to use her size to defeat an opponent, but here that wasn’t going to be the case.  Here she didn’t know what she was going to have to do, except hope she was really lucky.
“Are we going to be doing this every day?” Elian asked, chowing down on a plate of eggs Ross had brought him.  Ren looked at the ketchup-coated eggs in disgust, questioning how her brother could ever eat something while watching such a battle.
“Maks would like you to study the fighting styles on your own, as well as with a Sotarian,” Naomi said, her hands clasped behind her back.  “That way you’ll be prepared should anything happen.”
“According to some that isn’t a question,” Ren stated, looking towards Sheridan.  She didn’t stand with Ren anymore, and watched the fight from the sidelines; Ren thought she might be next to display some sort of tactic.
“She’s right you know,” Elian argued.  “I mean, you were already attacked once.”
Ren spun on Elian.  “You don’t even know what she said!”
“I didn’t need to be there to know what she said,” Elian replied.  “I know all the ways people get under your skin and she is doing all of them perfectly.”  He pointed his fork at Sheridan.
Flinching back, Ren couldn’t stop her eyes from going to Sheridan.  “What do you mean?”
“You’ve never gotten along with people like her,” Elian said through a mouthful of egg.  “She doesn’t say exactly what’s on her mind, she values physical strength over mental, and she clearly enjoys ordering you around.”
“She does?” Naomi questioned.  “When has she given you an order?”
“She hasn’t…exactly ordered me around,” Ren said slowly.  But like Maks, Sheridan had a way of giving silent orders that Ren wasn’t always aware she was following.  It was hard to explain to someone like Naomi, since she was the same type.  They gave orders without even knowing it.  “And not all of that is true—she has good moments.”  Like last night.
Ren expected her brother to snort, or to laugh, or just shake his head but he froze.  He swallowed.  “Good moments?”
“She values mental strength just as much as physical,” Ren said, thinking back to last night when Sheridan had shown her the lake.  She wanted to tell Elian and Naomi about how sweet Sheridan had been to show it to her, and how Sheridan had told her she needed some magic in her life, but suddenly in the light of day it felt very silly.  If someone had said that to her back on Earth she would have thought it was a line.  But when Sheridan said it, in the glow of the lake, it was something more.  Maybe, she thought, it was because she showed me another side of herself.
When she noticed Naomi and Elian were staring at her she hardened and shouted, “Not everyone is like Maks you know!  And I don’t follow everyone’s demands.”
Elian slowly took another bite, contemplating her words.  Facing the fight again she studied the light footwork of the Sotarians, taking in how their muscles moved beneath their skin.  Would she ever be able to move that fast?  She thought she’d have to train all day, every day to accomplish it.
“It looks like many of the old Earth styles combined, doesn’t it?” Naomi asked.  “Maks has already suggested sending a few experienced Sotarians to train the men on the Stormbringer, and maybe all of the Monarchy.”
“So they can fight more pointless battles?”  Elian laughed and set his cleaned plate on the ground.  Ren winced as the fragile porcelain clinked against the stone but nobody else seemed to care.
“What do the Sotarians think of that?” Ren asked.
“They’re all very willing to help,” Naomi replied, her voice tightening.  Ren wasn’t sure if it was because her words were a lie, or if she was simply annoyed with Ren’s attitude.  Ren had already noticed Garret’s eyes constantly narrowing when she asked questions around him.  She almost expected him to say, “A princess must be seen and not heard” whenever she opened her mouth.  Thankfully he wasn’t around right now to hear her.  If that happened Ren knew that Naomi would be even angrier than she was and would happily smack the smile off of his face.  Ren would pay to see that spectacle.
“So,” Elian continued, “when do we get to go in?”
“You aren’t joining,” Naomi said with a chuckle.  “Study only.”
“That’s not really my strong suit,” Elian argued.  “I need to learn things hands on, Ren does all the books and watching.”
“You learned the basics of quantum mechanics from a book,” Ren pointed out.
“And I learned the rest elsewhere,” Elian retorted.  “So, I want to challenge the small one.”
Naomi and Elian looked to the battling warriors.  “Which one is that?” Naomi asked.
Elian shook his head.  “I don’t know.”
“Why not face Sheridan,” Ren suggested, “that way she’ll go easier on you.”
“How do you suppose?”  Elian turned to his sister, eyes wide and just a little too blank.  She thought he might pass out soon.
“Because I’ll ask her to.”  Ren walked to Sheridan, planning on making sure she only used one tenth of her strength against Elian.  Even that seemed like too much with his current state of mind.  She’d rather get him into a bed than into a fight.
Sheridan turned her head towards Ren as she approached.  “You shouldn’t stand so close.”
Ren glanced over at the men as they danced around each other, only throwing a few strikes in each direction.  Though they moved so much she didn’t think they were ever more than two feet from where they’d originally started.  One smashed a hand into the others chest, making Ren wince.  “Elian wants to ‘challenge’ you.  Informally.”
“A challenge?” Sheridan said with a smile.  A bemused smile, a confident smile.
“It doesn’t look like he’s slept in a few days,” Ren went on.  She rubbed her hands over her face, feeling as if she had been the one who hadn’t slept in so long.  “If you could just show him a couple of moves I think he would be satisfied.”
Sheridan took a deep breath, maybe finally thinking that Ren and her family were more trouble than they were worth before she nodded.  “I’ll go easy on him.”  She let out a heavy sigh.
Ren nodded.  “Thanks.”  And as she started walking back to tell Elian the news, he was already running into the flattened grass circle the other two Sotarians had created.  They stopped fighting immediately and gave small bows to him.  He gave a sloppy salute back.  Sheridan stepped up and told them to take a break.
When Ren made it back to Naomi she couldn’t stop herself from asking the question that had been on her mind for so long.  “Have you noticed anything odd about the people here?”
“Not really.”  Naomi shrugged.  “They’re just not that advanced; it’s normal they would seem strange.”
“That’s not it,” Ren murmured.  “It’s something about the way they talk; it’s like one moment they’re acting proper and the next they’re more normal.  More like Earth.”
“It’s starting,” Naomi interrupted, and completely ignored Ren’s comments; it wasn’t like her.  Ren missed the times when Naomi had been her confidante in all aspects of her life.  Now that they were on Novae, and under the constant watch of Maks and the Monarchy, things couldn’t be like that.  Ren wondered which part was the act and which the truth.
So she took a deep breath and prepared to watch her brother learn to fight, taking her questions and trying to bury them deep down inside.  Elian had never taken any sort of classes before; he was always able to tell Maks when he didn’t want to do something.  So Ren expected sloppy footwork and disorganized attacks.  Just as Sheridan and Elian put their fists up, Elian wavered and fell backwards.
He passed out cold on the ground, and Sheridan met Ren’s eyes as if to say, “Really?”.  Ren shrugged.
“I said he hadn’t slept in a while,” Ren stated.  Tomorrow she would have to have a conversation with him about controlling himself, no matter what he was working on.
Naomi and Ren sighed as Elian started to snore.




Chapter 10

Something had changed within Ren that she couldn’t quite comprehend.  Her mood had been steadily lifting since her arrival on Novae, and for once it wasn’t because of Elian.  In fact, he’d been around so little that she barely knew what he had been up to, and she was certain he must have been wondering about her too.  She’d disappeared for so long at the festival, he of all people, must have noticed her absence…right?
She didn’t like thinking that he hadn’t.  So to quell her worries, she set out in search of him, all while avoiding Garret as best she could.  Sheridan followed loyally, and would occasionally grab her and hide around a corner should Garret or Naomi come into sight.  She wanted to know how Sheridan always seemed to sense them before seeing them.  It was an ability she wanted to learn—badly.
As they hugged yet another wall to avoid one of Maks’s foot soldiers, Ren wondered where exactly Elian had disappeared to.  She wanted to give him a long speech about his sleeping habits, but again he wasn’t in his room.
“Abetha,” Ren said, “do you know where Elian might be?”
Abetha blushed hard, her crush on Elian still obvious.  Ren sighed as the girl shook her head and said, “I do not know.  That would be very—ah, inappropriate.”
“Right,” Ren replied.  “Sheridan?”
“My path lies with you,” Sheridan said.  It was one of those statements that she always said that made her sound so smart and completely washed away the overall threatening aura.  Ren found it hard to hold back another sigh at the thought that everyone around her was so involved with her; it felt like Elian was easily forgotten.  After she’d saved Abetha from the bite a few days ago nobody would give Elian a second glance.
“There,” Abetha said.  “Isn’t that him?”
Ren followed Abetha’s finger towards the window and saw Elian standing in the rain.  He stood hunched over a large piece of metal, while Ross held an umbrella over his head.  Before she started heading outside Ren gave a hard look to Abetha.  “You used a contraction.”
Like before with Sheridan, Ren found that when people let their guard down on Novae they would use a contraction.  It felt strange to hear it aloud, since everyone she’d talked to before had used each word properly.
Abetha flinched and looked to Sheridan.  “My apologies.”
“Why are you apologizing?” Ren questioned.  “Why does everyone apologize when they do something—normal?”
Abetha seemed to be looking to Sheridan for permission, so Ren pressed the issue.  “What’s going on?”
“It is just—before your arrival the Monarchy told us that using such words was looked down on,” Abetha explained.
Ren blanched.  “Are you kidding me?”
Sheridan said, “They said we sounded too common.”
“Too normal,” Ren corrected.  “Everyone talks like that,”—she groaned and covered her eyes—“just talk how you want.  I—I’ll talk to Garret about it later.”
She started walking into the courtyard where she hoped she’d find Elian doing something ordinary.  But she knew the chances of that were slim to none, and expected something insane; whatever he’d locked himself in his closet with, most likely.  Abetha and Sheridan’s footsteps followed behind her, and something about them being so close was bothering her.  It seemed she would never have a moment of peace.
They talked when she wasn’t around, too.  Talked about her and her family.  Everyone did, she understood that, but something about Abetha and Sheridan doing it made it feel worse.  She told herself it was because she was starting to mistake them as friends, and not a Guide and Sotarian.  Neither of them had even called her by name yet, and she anticipated they never would.  But recently Ren began to think Sheridan might be the first to take that step towards friendship.  Still, she didn’t get her hopes up.
It made Ren feel incredibly lonely, which was why she hurried her pace to meet Elian.  As she reached the front doors Abetha tried to stop her from going out in the rain, but it was hardly a storm and she stepped into the drizzle.  It was cold against her skin, but she didn’t take any time to rejoice in the new feeling.  She approached Elian.
“What are you doing?” she asked, ignoring Abetha’s calls.  Ross took a couple steps over and let her beneath the umbrella, getting his own suit wet in hopes of keeping her sheltered.  She shoved his hand away.  He put it right back and made sure the umbrella was over Ren’s head.
“I’m working on something,” Elian declared.
“But what?” she questioned.  Elian hadn’t even looked up from the metal orb he tinkered with, and he, too, cared little about the weather.
“It’s a thing,” he said cryptically, too involved in his work.  He was always like this; if he got working on something he couldn’t form proper sentences.  Ren rolled her eyes and crossed her arms against the cold.
“A thing that does what?”
“A thing,” he replied, waving a wrench towards the sky.  “It’ll make things less seeable.”
“You mean it’s a cloaking device,” Ren theorized.  Elian nodded.  “You’re aware those were already invented, right?”
“That didn’t stop me from building a spaceship at ten, did it?”  He finally looked up to give his sister a grin.  She couldn’t help but smile back.
“You’re working on cloaking the planet then or something?” she asked.
“Absolutely,” Elian declared, straightening.  He stretched his arms overhead, almost knocking the umbrella from Ross’s hands.  “Nobody in Mahendra knew anything about this stuff, so I thought I would look into it.  I mean, something had the planet hidden, right?  It’s not like it was in a black hole or anything.”
“Maybe it was,” Ren guessed.  “Nobody knows much about those things yet.”
“Yet,” Elian agreed.
Ren looked over her shoulder to see that Abetha hadn’t followed her out, but Sheridan had.  She stood obediently in the rain, and soon Abetha came running out of the manor with another umbrella.  She popped it over Ren’s head as Ross moved away.  “Thanks,” Ren said reluctantly.
“Or,” Elian went on, rubbing at the small amount of stubble on his chin, “when the Absolution crashed it thrust the planet into an alternate dimension, and that’s where the prophet came from!  So when the planet came back into our space the prophet stayed in his own universe?”
Ren arched a brow.  “I guess it’s possible, if parallel universes are real.  That’s assuming a lot though.”
“Parallel universe?” Ross asked.  Ren was surprised at how deep his voice was, since she’d never actually heard it before.  For someone so lean she expected it to sound a bit more like Elian’s, not nearly as…threatening.
“They’re like universes beside ours,” Elian explained, “only a little shift to the left or right.  But—that’s probably not what happened.  When the Absolution crashed, cloaking technology had just been experimental—all theory—maybe they figured something out here.”
“So you’re trying to cloak the planet now?” Ren asked.  “Shouldn’t you talk to Maks about that first?”
Elian waved her away.  “He’d just tell me to work on something else.  I feel like I’m missing out on everything since they still haven’t given me my research from home yet.”
“I haven’t gotten anything either.”
“Yes, but my work is so much more important,” Elian argued with a sigh.  “I work in the future while you do—boring stuff.”
Ren growled, “What I do is just as important.  Without analyzing the past we can’t look to the future!”
“Uh, yes we can.”  Elian laughed, but it was more playful than vindictive.  “Anyway, you’re distracting me.  I need to get this done.”  He moved a few more wires around, set the power chip in place, and the orb lit up. 
“Okay, let’s see what this sexy little thing can do,” Elian mumbled, clapping his hands together hard enough to make Abetha flinch.  Not that it was difficult to make Abetha flinch.
Elian pressed his finger on a small silver button, and the orb flew a few feet into the air.  “Ross, step back and let me know if it works.”
Ross nodded and handed Abetha the umbrella.  As he moved further away Elian shouted, “Monica, conceal!”
The orb lit up a little brighter, and Ren caught a flash of a yellow wall pour around them.  Sheridan moved closer to her, ready to defend her should something happen.  Ren thought she should have been awestruck by the field, since she looked at every other piece of Monarchy technology with such wonder.  Instead she almost looked bored, but the distinct tightening in her muscles told Ren she was ready for a fight.  Ren shook her head.
“Prince Elian?” Ross questioned, stepping forward.  As he did he passed the barrier, and his eyes widened.  “You vanished!”
“It worked,” Elian cried.  “Monica, expand!”
The orb flew a little higher before it’s light started to dim.  Ren watched the glimmer of the barrier expand but it quickly fell apart as the orb fell to the ground.  It cracked open with a harsh grinding sound, and Elian groaned.
“What happened?” Abetha asked.
“His experiment failed,” Ren said, and turned to Elian.  “You couldn’t even get it to the manor; how are you going to get it to cover the planet?”
“I just need a power source,” Elian whined.  “There’s nothing here that gives enough juice.”  He knelt beside his failed project, picking up the sharp pieces.  Ross took the umbrella back from Abetha and approached his master.
“I do not understand,” Ross said, “how did you disappear?”
“It’s an EM field,” Elian explained.  “It messes with what you see.”
Abetha looked to Ren.  “Do you know how they work?”
Ren gave a weary shrug.  “Sort of.  An electromagnetic field is one of the four fundamental forces and spans across the universe.  To use it as a cloaking device, or to protect a ship from enemy blasts, it has to give off the right frequency.”  Ren thought a moment about how she could see the shimmer.  “It’s pretty shoddy work if you can actually see it though.  Normally you can only see it when it’s hit with something.”
“You could only see it from the inside,” Elian defended, shooting her a glare over his shoulder.  “Ross couldn’t see a thing.”
“No, I could not,” Ross agreed nervously.  He pulled at the collar of his shirt.  Ren wasn’t sure if that meant he was afraid of the technology, or he was actually lying.
“And this can cover an entire planet?” Abetha asked.
“Not that the Monarchy has found,” Ren said.  “That’s just one of many theories they have.”
“It is,” Elian said, “and I’ll prove it.”  He stood, the crumbling pieces of his device cradled in his arms.
As he started towards the house Ren wondered why he was so determined to do this.  It seemed more than his usual drive, and she thought it might have something to do with being around Maks.  She hoped it wasn’t Garret asking him to figure out how a planet had been lost for so long.  Surely the Monarchy had people other than Elian to work on that.  Yet Ren hadn’t seen anyone from the Monarchy come to Novae in the weeks since their arrival.  It was just the Argent family as well as a few scow members that Maks kept around.  And Garret only kept saying that the Monarchy would take care of things—so far they hadn’t done much.  At least…nothing that Ren could see.  They hadn’t even brought the vaccinations they’d promised.
As Ren turned to walk out of the rain she took a moment to appreciate it, only to have it interrupted by the last person she wanted to talk to.
Garret.
“Princess,” he called from the door, “you shouldn’t be outside so soon after your incident.”
Begrudgingly Ren walked inside, more from the cold than his calling.  They stood beneath the marble pillars, and Ren ignored any attempt Garret made at getting her inside the manor.  “Did you need something?” she asked.  Rain began to fall in larger drops, hitting the ground with loud splashes.
“I wanted to let you know there has been a delay in gathering your things from Earth—the officers collecting it seemed to have been confused over the list you gave me.”
“What?” she questioned.  “Everything from my apartment was confusing?”
“Well, there are quite a lot of things,” Garret explained, still with his never vanishing grin.  “And His Grace has been having some quandaries with other members of the Monarchy; requesting things and what not.”
Ren huffed.  “Like medicine so people don’t die?”
“Yes, that,” Garret said, clasping his hands together.  “The Monarchy would like Maks to focus on other things at the moment; I suppose you aren’t aware that the rebels are getting worse.”
“What have they done?” Ren asked, much more worried than before.  Had they attempted some kind of assassination on Maks? 
“No need for details,” Garret went on.  “I’m just worried that if Maks is busy working to get medicine and,”—he cleared his throat—“books, he might overlook some things.  But I’m sure he can handle it.  If you’ll excuse me, Princess.”
Garret walked away before Ren could ask any more questions.  Just how stupid did he think she was?  It was obvious to Ren that Garret was trying to manipulate her, but she couldn’t help herself as the worry sank in.  What if they stopped attacking her family and started for their followers in Mahendra?  The Sotarians might not be enough protection for hundreds of people.
“He’s very manipulative,” Sheridan murmured, watching with Ren as Garret left.
“I know,” Ren agreed.  “And despite that, I need to talk to Maks.”
Garret was getting exactly what Ren knew he wanted, yet her feet didn’t listen to her as she told them to stop.
She needed to know what Maks was doing about the rebels.



Chapter 11

Ren knew the Monarchy was having trouble controlling Maks, if not by the way Maks’s shoulders were unusually slumped, but in the way Garret’s eyebrow twitched whenever he was with Maks.  She wanted to get more involved, but every time she raised her voice Garret immediately shut her down with the possibility of a suitor coming to visit.  So Ren decided to stay out of the way if it meant she would have to deal with Garret just a little less.  Ren assumed that was why Sheridan always looked down her nose at Ren; she refused to face the problem.  But her father could easily handle the pressures of a kingdom; he’d dealt with much worse in space.
Talking to Garret had rattled her today and reminded her that not everyone on Novae was as happy as Abetha and others in the capital.  Going to the festival had made her forget a bit about the rebels, even though they’d made an attempt on her life.  Maybe some of the smiles she’d seen weren’t real.  She’d never really had to deal with so many strangers.
“Maks,” she said, finding him in his new office.  He looked both out of place and perfectly in place behind the huge mahogany desk surrounded by papers and plans.  “Can we talk?”
She asked Sheridan to wait outside, and for once Garret wasn’t there to get in the way.  She shut the door to the office and sat down across from Maks, digging her fingernails into the leather cushions. 
“Your things are on their way,” Maks told her.  “Should only be a few days before they Fall, now.”
“That’s not it,” Ren said.  She could see the bags under Maks’s eyes, and just how tired he really was.  She’d never seen him tired before.  “I wanted to see how things were going—with the people.”
Maks looked up from whatever document he was going over and gave her a hard look.  “You mean the rebels.”
“Rebels are people too,” Ren mentioned.  “And they’re people that want you dead.”
“They want you dead,” he replied.  Ren didn’t flinch, already anticipating that would be his answer.  She wasn’t about to let this go.
“Have you talked with the rebel from before?” Ren asked.  “The one that—”
“Tried to kill you.  Yes.”  Maks leaned back in his chair, taking a deep breath as his eyes closed.  When they reopened he said, “Novaeans are tough.  These people only believe in the Beginning, and apparently their Beginning says the Monarchy is the enemy.”
Ren thought a moment.  “But why would so many follow us then?  Abetha believes in the Beginning, and so does Kian.”
Maks leaned his elbows on the desk, shuffling the papers.  “That’s what I’m working on.  I can’t have rebels and assassins running all over the planet.”
“What about the cloaking?” Ren asked.  “Have the Monarchy found out anything about that?”
Maks’s silence was enough of an answer for Ren.  It had been a month since they arrived, and there was still no new information on how Novae had stayed hidden.  Ren was getting frustrated, and didn’t trust most of what she was told; especially if that information came from Garret.  Sometimes she wasn’t even sure she trusted what Abetha said.  And Elian was somehow staying completely out of her life since they’d arrived.  Ren stood.  “What about the Absolution?  Surely someone has found something there.”
Maks eyed her.  “You know where it is?”
“What do you mean?” Ren asked.  “You don’t?”
“Answer the question.”  Maks stood, hands flat on the desk.
“I don’t,” Ren said, “I just thought—I thought the Monarchy knew.  Abetha said some of the books in the library were from the ship.”
Maks sighed and sat back down.  It was the first time he was first to do so.  “The Absolution was lost years ago.  We’ve been scanning the planet but nothing’s been found yet.”  He rubbed his hands over his face, weary.  It reminded Ren that he was getting older.
Ren wet her lips.  “Why are you being so forthcoming?”
Maks folded his hands together, and the position coupled with his silver suns, and black coat draped over the back of the chair made him look like a true Monarch.  “Novae is a place of second chances.”
Ren sucked in a breath, catching it in her throat.  “I’m going to look into the books from the Absolution,” she declared, anything to get her out of the room.  She hurried to the door, and as she stepped out she turned back and said, “You better find the assassins already.”  He nodded.  “I don’t want—I don’t want anything to happen to you…Dad.”
She slammed the door shut behind her.
Sheridan didn’t say a word, and Ren was too caught up in her own words to notice if she followed or not.  She started towards the library, unsure if she was even heading in the right direction.
“How long has it been?” Sheridan asked, needing nothing more than her voice to stop Ren.  Ren froze on the marble, hand shaking as she covered her mouth.  How long had she been doing that?
Each drop of rain that hit the window reverberated through Ren’s body, and matched with the harsh wind slamming into the sides of the manor she thought the glass might shatter.  Lightning streaked the sky, lighting up half of Sheridan’s face and casting shadows down the rest of her body as Ren turned.  “What?” she asked.
“How long has it been since you called him Dad?” Sheridan asked.  How did she even know that’s what was upsetting Ren?  She was elated and devastated that she’d called Maks that…and Sheridan knew.
She lowered her hand to her side, turning them to fists in hopes of stopping the shaking.  It helped, but only barely.  She shook her head.  “A few years,” Ren admitted.  “The last time I called him that—I don’t even know.  The first time I called him Maks though…that was when he didn’t show up for my high school graduation.”  She shrugged.  “I was fifteen.”
There was a lump in her throat, and tears brimmed her eyelashes.  She sucked in a breath and managed not to cry.  Even with the advancements on Earth, graduating high school at fifteen was still a feat.  But Maks chose to jet off to some unknown location in the universe rather than see her walk across the stage.  She’d matured enough now to know it wasn’t his choice, there was a battle going on, but it still hurt.  Ren’s feet wouldn’t move, and she was stuck to the floor, every inch of her being forcing herself not to think too hard about it.  Maks would never approve if she cried over something so trivial as a word.
Sheridan stepped forward and placed a hand on Ren’s shoulder.  There was enough pressure there to remind her of the warrior that stood before her, but a gentleness that was so comforting Ren had wondered how long it had been since she’d felt so…calm.  Sheridan looked Ren in the eye, lowering her head until she was eye-level with Ren.  Ren took a deep breath and nodded, signaling she was fine.  Or that she would be, at least.  Sheridan dropped her hand as she said, “It’ll get easier.”  Her eyes went to the window.  “And you have your brother to lean on.”
“Yeah,” Ren agreed.  Even when she didn’t have her mother, and Maks was on some far off mission fighting for the Monarchy, Ren always had Elian.  There was a sudden shock of thunder that made her jump.
“Besides,” Sheridan went on, “there are worse relationships out there.”
“Like?” Ren prodded.
“I haven’t spoken with my father in years.”
“Really?” 
Sheridan stepped to the window and Ren followed, placing her fingertips on the sill.  The cold from the other side was seeping through easily.
Sheridan nodded, her eyes falling low out the window.  Ren tried to follow her gaze but she couldn’t find what the Sotarian might have been looking at.  It was then that she realized Sheridan was simply avoiding meeting her eyes.  “Really,” Sheridan said, a slight sigh coming through.  “I was eight when I decided to train to be a Sotarian, and that went against what my father thought a lady should do.  His views on life are not unlike the Monarchy.  After my father ceased all communication my brother was the only one in the family to continue talking to me.  Although it wasn’t much.”
“You have a brother?” Ren asked.  She’d imagined Sheridan as an only child, and couldn’t see her sitting at a table having a meal with anyone.  Now that she thought about it, Ren hadn’t seen Sheridan eat anything ever.
“I do,” Sheridan said.
Ren was starting to understand why Sheridan was the way she was.  With a father that disowned her at eight, and a family that agreed with him it must be hard to show any kind of real emotion.  Ren knew a bit about what that was like.
Carefully Ren reached her shaky hand up and placed it on Sheridan’s shoulder, just as Sheridan had done for her.  There was a moment of silence before Ren was about to let go, but stopped when Sheridan lifted her own hand and placed it over Ren’s.  After a quick squeeze she let go and dropped her hands by her sides, taking a step back.
“What—” Ren began.
“My Lady,” Abetha called from down the hallway.  “There is a caller—oh!  My apologies, I did not mean to interrupt.”  Her eyes flicked between the women, as if sensing the moment they’d just shared.  Maybe it was how close they were standing, or that Ren took another quick step back that made it obvious.  Ren thought she saw a sort of cleverness behind Abetha’s eyes just then, but it quickly vanished. 
“It’s fine,” Ren said.  She shook her head, trying to regain her thoughts.  “What did you need?”
 “There is a caller for you,” Abetha explained.  “It is Kian.”
“Kian?” Ren repeated.  “What is he here for?”
“I called him here,” Garret explained, popping out from around the corner.  His eyes slid from Ren to Sheridan, as if he had been the one to find them bonding.  Maybe he knew she’d called Maks “Dad” and was devising a plan to make that stop.  “He is one of the most well-bred men of Novae—I thought it was time you gave him a true chance.”
“A true chance?” Ren asked.  “I’ve spoken with him plenty of times, I don’t think I need to give him more of a chance than he already had.  So if you don’t mind, I don’t really feel like entertaining at the moment.”
“That’s not important,” Garret replied, a tight smile stretching over his lips.  He knew he was going to get his way, even if it meant dragging Ren to Kian himself.  “Believe it or not Kian is very busy with his father in Mahendra; now is the only time he had free to see you.  He’s being very generous in coming all the way here.”
Ren ground her teeth.  “Now isn’t—”
“It would be a shame should the scow carrying your things suddenly be called elsewhere,” Garret went on, completely ignoring Ren’s words.  “They travel for days to get here; all Kian needs is an hour.”
Her jaw tight, Ren understood Garret’s way of thinking.  “Fine.”
“Th-This way, my Lady,” Abetha said, holding her arm out towards the front of the manor.  Ren started walking, her footsteps quick and heavy.  
Sheridan was behind Ren the entire time, her eyes watchful.  Just as she was about to pass Garret she heard him whisper, “Remember, nobility belongs with nobility.  Whether they are friends or something more.”
A low growl escaped Ren’s throat, and she was just as surprised as Garret at the sudden noise.  He was careful to keep still as Ren said, “Who I decide to be friends with is none of your business.  If I want to be friends with Abetha or Sheridan,”—she thrust her finger towards the two—“then so be it!  And who I want to date is my business, not yours or the Monarchy.  If I want to get to know Kian, I’ll get to know him.  And if I don’t, then I won’t!”  Her finger jutted towards Garret.  “You’ll have no say in it!”
She lowered her finger with a huff, her heart thumping hard against her ribs.  Garret was motionless, ensuring he didn’t grin or grimace at her outburst.  Ren couldn’t read if it was something he was going to use against her or something that might make him back off.  Beside her she noticed Sheridan biting the inside of her cheek as she resisted a smile.
 “Good afternoon, my Princess,” Kian greeted in the lobby.  Ren was brought back to reality, her face paling as she saw Kian only a few feet away.  How much had he heard?  “I apologize for such short notice; I did not realize that you were unaware I was coming.”
“It isn’t your fault that Garret’s a jerk,” Ren said.  Kian furrowed his brow and did the same as Sheridan as he tried not to smile at Ren’s blatant disrespect.  But again, Garret didn’t falter; maybe he was used to this kind of treatment.  Instead of doing anything to show Ren just how much power he had, he gave her a small simple bow and walked away.  She and Sheridan both watched him go with a glare.
“I’m sure he means the best,” Kian replied.
Ren scoffed.  “Yeah, for him and the Monarchy.”  She crossed her arms.  “I’m not in a very good mood; I’d understand if you cancelled.”
“Ah, I cannot,” he revealed.  “I’ll be quite busy with my father in the coming weeks, and the new changes His Grace his making.”  He winked at her, and she could only blink back.  Kian had never seemed like the winking type.  “I’m sure I can lighten your mood.  If you’ll come with me, I can show you a magnificent view that I’m sure you haven’t found in the manor.”
Ren took a deep breath.  Kian continued, “You will see the sky; Abetha mentioned at the festival that you are fond of the weather changes here on Novae.”
Trying not to glare at her Guide, Ren agreed.  She ignored Kian’s arm as he held it to her, and told him to lead the way.  He never faltered and headed up the stairs.
When they reached the top Ren turned to Abetha and said, “You don’t need to follow us around; why don’t you go spend time with Elian and Ross?  Make sure they aren’t cloaking anything else.”  Kian narrowed his eyes, but never asked what she meant.
Abetha perked up and nodded.  “Thank you my Lady!”  She hurried back down the steps, not wasting any time as she left the manor.
“How kind,” Kian said.  
“I’m a kind person,” Ren retorted.  She was getting annoyed by how often people were surprised by her kindness, but she thought most of her current anger had to do with Garret and his need for her to date.  She knew there was more to this than what he claimed.
Kian led Ren to the west wing, creaking open an old door that led to a dark staircase.  These ones were made of stone rather than marble, and some were crumbling down the steps.  “It might look dangerous, but I assure you it’s safe.”
“How do you know about this?” Ren asked, following Kian up the steps.
“This used to be my home,” Kian revealed, “I know every inch of it.”
Ren paused, making Kian stop ahead of her.  He said, “I harbour no ill will.”  His eyes drifted to Sheridan behind her and something in them changed.  His brow furrowed, but he quickly recovered, returning to his same false smile.  “It’s not too much further.”
With a glance over her shoulder Ren noticed that Sheridan was slowly reaching for her kamas.  It wasn’t a swift movement, it was barely noticeable, actually.  But it made Ren nervous.  Was Sheridan expecting an attack?  Did she sense something Ren didn’t?  Before she could follow Kian, Ren couldn’t help but hesitate.  Only when he called to her again did she start walking, the familiar tightness of worry growing in her chest.
When they reached the top Kian pushed open a broken wooden door, and revealed a dusty room.  A single unused bed sat on the far left, a drape similar to Ren’s covering the top.  Across from it sat a dresser, the drawers falling out and coated with cobwebs.
“This room is rarely used,” Kian said, “or it was, I mean.  But here…”  He stepped over to the glass doors, moving close enough to create a fog on the surface.  Kian never opened the doors, and instead watched the rain fall against the stone balcony.  Ren moved beside him, looking at the dead plant life that sat outside.
When she moved her eyes to the sky, it was just like when she’d first transported down.  The grey sky was lit up with electricity, but this time rain smashed against the window.  They overlooked the forest, and from there Ren could see that it went all the way to the horizon, maybe never ending until it wrapped around the world and came back to Mahendra.
“Do you know why she looks at me like that?” Kian asked, turning to face her.  
“Pardon?” she asked.
“Sheridan,” Kian replied, facing her Sotarian.  “Have you not wondered why she has a constant glare when I’m around?”  He chuckled.
Ren looked to Sheridan, but she couldn’t place what was wrong.  Sheridan’s fingers flexed, prepared to grab her kamas and slice at something, but Ren didn’t know what.  There was obvious tension between Kian and Sheridan, but Ren had thought it was like that with everyone.  Kian didn’t exactly act like everyone else on Novae.  He was nobility.  Or at least he thought he was.
“Why?” she asked, humouring Kian.
Sheridan stepped forward, as if anticipating an attack.  Kian answered, “Because I’m the only one that could ever best her in battle.”
Faster than Ren could comprehend, Kian pulled a weapon from beneath his cape.  It looked like the ancient weapons on Earth, a pistol of sorts.  But as Kian pulled the trigger and fired at Sheridan, a bullet didn’t come out; a shock of electricity did just like the latest weaponry.  Ren shouted as Sheridan crumpled to the floor.
“What are you doing?” she cried.
Remembering her classes from Earth, Ren knocked the gun from Kian’s hand, catching him by surprise.  Her left hand thrust up to break his nose but her easily caught it and twisted.  Pain shot up her arm and she fell to her knees, trying to claw out of his grasp.
Kian sighed and then growled.  “I’m taking back my kingdom.  And I feel the best way to do that is to use you.  I tried to be nice about it and go along with the Monarchy’s plans to have me marry into the family but you just didn’t seem interested, and I’m very impatient.”  Kian leaned over and picked up Ren, throwing her over his shoulder.  Her arm felt like it had been broken, but she beat against his back regardless.  Before he straightened he made sure to pick up the gun.
“Sheridan,” Ren screamed, “Sheridan!”  It was no use; Sheridan was unconscious on the floor, and looked to be barely breathing.  “Put me down!”
Kian threw open the doors, letting the rain inside.  Thunder boomed, louder than anything Ren had ever heard as it shook the manor.  “I can’t do that, my Princess,” Kian said with a laugh.  “Our plans have been delayed for too long!”
Kian rushed into the rain and leapt from the balcony.  Ren shrieked again, preparing for the impact with the ground.  They were at least four stories up and Kian just jumped off.  Ren covered her eyes, adrenaline pumping hard through her veins. 
She felt them land on something within seconds, a metal clunk making her uncover her eyes.  Looking around she saw Kian was flying in the air, the wind rocking them to and fro.  
“A scow?” she questioned.  “Where did you get this?”
The small scow uncloaked itself, blinking into view as it lost some of its power.  The EM field that coated its surface was too weak to hold up, especially against the storm.  Ren heard Kian make a disapproving click with his tongue as he carried her inside.  Water dripped from the ends of her fingertips as Kian set her down, his hair plastered to his face and shoulder.  She tried to attack him again but as her fist came up he easily grabbed it and spun her around, pinning her to his chest.  “I told you Princess, I’m more skilled a fighter than Sheridan.  You’ve no chance against me.  Enn, get out of here already before we’re seen.”
A woman came from the driver’s seat, her hair cropped so short Ren could barely tell what colour it was.  She inspected Ren, leaning in close.  “This is her?” Enn asked.
“Get driving,” Kian ordered.  “Sheridan won’t be out long.”
Taking her chance Ren jumped up and kicked Enn straight in the nose.  The woman swore in Novaean, a string of words the Ren didn’t recognize but easily understood.  “That little—”
“Drive!” Kian yelled.  Enn glared at Ren, but returned to her post.  She started the scow and raced over the trees while Kian threw Ren onto a chair and pointed the gun at her chest.  Ren kept her head up, waiting for him to pull the trigger.
Kian grinned.  “I’m not afraid to kill you, my Princess.”  The way he addressed her made her think differently, so did the slight tremble in his words.  Ruthless killers tended not to let their words shake—that much she knew.
She stared him down, and watched as his facade crumbled for just a fraction of a second.  Somehow, she had managed to see a weakness in him; she just didn’t know how to use it against him yet.
He holstered his gun to his belt, and Ren wondered how long he’d had it there.  She hadn’t noticed it in the manor until he wanted her to see it, so how did it seem so obvious now?  Even Sheridan had missed it.
Blindly reaching beside him he grabbed a pair of handcuffs, something that hadn’t changed for hundreds of years.  As he approached Ren she gripped the metal bench and kicked at Kian, but again it was no good.  He grabbed onto her ankle and pulled her off the bench, causing her to crack her head on the way down.
With her vision blurred, Kian easily moved her hands together and clasped the cuffs around her wrists.  “You don’t seem to understand what ‘better’ means.”
Ren blinked, trying to focus on Kian’s eyes through his hair.  She shook her head, hoping to get rid of the sudden fatigue from the hit, but found she was descending into a black haze.
When her eyes closed again, they wouldn’t open.  Enn shouted, “What’s going on back there?”
“Just taking care of the Princess,” Kian replied.  Ren felt him get up, but after that she couldn’t see or hear anything, only the occasional bump from the scow flying into the forest.
Her last thoughts were hoping Sheridan was all right, and that the gun Kian had wasn’t about to be turned on her again.




Chapter 12

Ren awoke groggy and confused.  The last thing she remembered was Kian’s hair, and the way his eyes seemed a little off.  As she tried to move she felt the metal cuffs cinch tighter around her wrists, and memories flooded back to her.
As unfocused and disoriented as she was, she remembered Kian aiming a gun at Sheridan and pulling the trigger.  She shot up, handcuffs clinking together as she whispered, “Sheridan!”
“Not here, Princess,” Kian said, biting into an apple.  He was across the room from her, giving her the space she’d always wanted from him.  Ren surveyed everything, taking note of the ancient brick walls and the broken down furniture.  She threw her legs over the edge of the old couch, taking in Kian’s odd appearance.  He wasn’t wearing his cape anymore, or his fancy clothes that made him look like nobility—no, he was wearing a pair of jeans, with a green cotton shirt and black jacket.  His hair was shocking against the dark fabric, and it no longer draped elegantly over his shoulder; he wore it in a high ponytail now, a devilish grin on his lips.  The sleeves were rolled up to display white tattoos on his forearms, all in the pattern of flames.
“You’re a rebel?” Ren asked, her voice hoarse.  “How?”
“I wouldn’t call myself a rebel,” Kian said, “I’m a revolutionist.  I was next in line to lead Novae, but things changed a couple months ago.”
“When the Monarchy came,” Ren replied.  “So now you plan to kill my father?”
Kian sighed.  “I’m not going to kill anyone if I don’t have to.  I’m hoping he’ll just—fly away in his big ship.”  He waved a hand across the air between them.  “Novae doesn’t want any outsiders here.”
“Is that why the Prime Minister gave up his seat so easily, then?” Ren questioned.  “Or the people hold a party in our honour, or maybe because—”
“They did that because they had no choice,” Kian spat, standing.  He tossed the apple into a nearby can.  As it rattled loudly it reverberated in Ren’s mind, making her wince.  “And you better not try anything or Enn will have your head.”
“She’s the leader?”  Ren remembered that Enn was flying the ship, but her features were off.  She’d been too focused on Kian at the time, and the gun he now gallantly displayed on his hip.  She couldn’t remember what Enn looked like.
Kian laughed.  “She’s the driver,” he said, moving up to Ren quickly.  “Come on, I’ll show you around.”  He hauled her to her feet, dragging her towards the wooden door.  When he slammed it open a few loose bricks fell to the dirt, but Ren didn’t have time to care about the sound that pounded against her skull; the world she stepped into was nothing like the Novae she’d seen so far.  
It was as if she’d been thrown into another century; a small town filled with brick buildings, and high treetops, and vehicles that moved along the dirt with wheels.  Ren smiled.
“This is amazing,” she breathed.  “What is this place?”
“You aren’t supposed to like it,” a woman shouted.  Across the wide street Ren spotted the source of the voice drop down from a wooden balcony, her lips tight.  She recognized Enn instantly, and the fuzzy image in her mind cleared.  “You’re kidnapped; this is a hostage situation.  You should be scared!”
Ren nodded, barely listening.  “But look at this place!  Everything is made of—of brick, and those things have wheels.”  She laughed.  “I just—are these the ruins that everyone talked about?”
“Some of them,” Kian replied.  He held the chain between her hands, but she felt his grip loosen when she didn’t try to run immediately.  He mentioned, “You would never escape from here if you tried.”
She shook her head, still peering at the odd buildings.  “I don’t plan on trying.”
Enn flinched.  “What is this, a joke?  We’re revolutionists—you should be scared we’re going to kill you and send your head to your father.”
“Okay,” Ren agreed.  “Can I just be scared and get a closer look at everything?  Like that?”  She tried to move towards one of the vehicles as it passed behind Enn, but Kian tugged on the cuffs.
The people that surrounded them dressed similar to Kian and Enn, and Ren wondered how they hadn’t been found yet.  If everyone knew where the ruins were, why not attack them?  Surely Maks and the Monarchy would have found this place with the scanners by now.
Ren looked overhead and saw the familiar shimmer of an EM field.  “You’re cloaked,” she guessed.  “How are you doing that?  Cloaking technology is only used by the Monarchy—is that how the planet was hidden?”
Enn crossed her arms, and in the daylight Ren could see her black eyebrows shimmered green when the sun hit her just right.  “That’s none of your business,” she said.
“Whatever,” Ren replied, still starry-eyed as she looked around.  “Why didn’t you kidnap me sooner?  Un-cuff me, I need to see this place.”  She thrust her hands towards Kian and he shrugged, taking a key from his pocket and sticking it into the lock.
“Kian!” Enn shouted.
“Relax, Enn,” he ordered.  “She isn’t about to go anywhere.”  When the cuffs came off Ren easily ignored the pain on her wrists but rubbed at the red marks left behind.  She barely noticed the pain that shot up her arm from when Kian had grabbed it and took a few steps back to look at the building she had been kept in.
None of the buildings were larger than two rooms, Ren guessed, and from where she stood she could see five of them.  She knelt down and picked a brick up, feeling the weight and roughness against her skin.  It had been a while since buildings were constructed with such rough material.  This was what Ren had always wanted, to explore the history of different worlds.  She’d been hoping the Monarchy would come up with a way to uncover the sunken cities of Earth, but they were too focused on expanding civilization to explore what was lost.  They were a lot like Elian in that regard.  “Where are these bricks from?”
Kian shrugged again, leaning against the stones beside them.  “Found them like this,” he said, “some of our historians think this was the first town built by our ancestors.”
“During the Beginning?” Ren asked.
“Before,” Enn answered.  “That prophet talk isn’t listed in any of the books we found.”
Ren jumped to her feet.  “Books?” she asked, trying to remain calm.  She could see the gleam in Kian’s eyes, her former trump card going to him already.  On the scow she remembered seeing something that had made her think she had an edge over him, but now it was hard to remember.  Her head began to pound with her pulse and she had to sit down in the dirt just to make it bearable.  
“You’re that excited about books?” Enn asked.  “Maybe there’s hope for you yet.  Kian—why don’t you figure out what they’re doing in the pit while I watch the Princess here.”
“Call me Ren,” she mumbled.  “I hate being called Princess.”  The word chilled her more than it normally did surrounded by rebels.  A few passersby gave her looks of hatred and it felt different to be called Princess here.  Surrounded by marble and silver it was a little more normal, at least, and nobody looked like they would slice her throat just for breathing.
“Ren?” Enn repeated.  “What a stupid name.”  She crossed her arms and looked away.
“It’s almost the same as yours,” Ren retorted.
“Play nice,” Kian ordered, smiling at the girl.  Enn’s jaw tensed as she bit down on her tongue, making Ren wonder what kind of comment she was resisting.  “Remember, no killing.”
He shot another wink to Ren before walking off, shouting commands at two men to follow him.  Enn didn’t move and watched him leave, and only when he had disappeared into the forest did she turn to Ren.  “He likes you.”
“I think he thinks kidnapping me will get a reaction other than bloodshed from the Monarchy and my father,” Ren replied.  She knew that the Monarchy didn’t really care about what happened to her on a personal level, but they cared about how they looked.  And having the daughter of their newly appointed King kidnapped wasn’t going to go over well.  It wouldn’t be long before Royal Scows began to Fall out of wormholes and tear Novae apart.
Enn rolled her eyes.  Taking another look up at the glimmering field, Ren wondered what kind of power source they had used to create it.  Even Elian couldn’t find one strong enough to expand further than a few feet; how had they gotten one so far overhead?  Did it have to do with hiding the planet for so long?
“We’re more organized than you think,” Enn stated.  “We’re backed by the Jade Daggers.”  She held her head high, as if that meant something to Ren.  When Enn realized it didn’t mean a thing, she sighed.  “You really don’t know anything about Novae; you aren’t fit to rule.”
“I’m learning,” Ren declared.  “And I never said you weren’t organized.”
“Well if your father comes for you, you can let him know that there’re more of us than he thinks,” Enn spat.  “And we’re a lot closer than you—”
“Abetha?” Ren shouted.  Over Enn’s shoulder she saw Abetha walk out of the forest, her hands filled with fresh fruit.  She gaped, unsure of how to react to seeing her Guide there.  “You’re—”
“What are you doing here?” Abetha questioned.  “This wasn’t…”  She looked to Enn for an explanation, but Enn smirked instead.
“Surprised your faithful servant is part of our organization?” Enn asked.  Overhead the EM field shimmered as drops of rain hit it.  Enn cursed under her breath.  “Kian will kill me…but I need to check on the battery.  Abetha you look after the prisoner.”
Abetha nodded and passed the fruit to another nearby rebel.  He gave a glare to Ren, but never said a word.  Ren still didn’t know what to do about seeing Abetha there.
“When did you have time to be a rebel?” Ren asked.
Abetha’s nervous demeanour was still there, but it was so toned down that Ren questioned if it was still a trick.  Abetha never played with the hem of her shirt, and while she would normally look away from other’s eyes she stared straight into Ren’s.  “This was something I had to do.”
“I didn’t ask that,” Ren argued.  “You were with me almost all the time, when did you—”
“You’re more oblivious than you think,” Abetha interrupted, making Ren flinch.  “When they were deciding on who to take—you or Elian—I said it should be you.”
“Oh, great, thanks.”  Ren crossed her arms, feeling defensive.
“I said it should be you because…I think you’re more on our side than theirs.”  Abetha shrugged, pulling at the high collar on her shirt.  She zipped it down to get more air, unashamed to show more skin; she wasn’t anything like she pretended to be in Mahendra.  Ren kind of liked it.
“I…”  Ren sighed.  “I don’t know what to think right now.  Is Sheridan…?”
Abetha exhaled, something close to a sigh.  “Sheridan is not.  I imagine she’ll be rampaging through the forest to find you though, considering who escorted you here.”
“Kian?” Ren asked.  “Why would Sheridan care who it was?”
“They’ve been rivals for a long time,” Abetha said, holding her arm out and gesturing towards the path.  They began walking down the road, and Ren was too blindsided to notice any more historical artifacts that surrounded her.  She didn’t even try to ride on the carriage.  “Kian is the only warrior ever to best Sheridan in a battle.”
“So I’ve been told,” Ren said, “repeatedly.”
Abetha chuckled.  “Kian chose you, you know.  It wasn’t just my decision.”
Ren looked around at the insurgents, wondering which one could be the leader.  By the way Kian spoke, she thought it might be him, but if he led them why be the one taking the most risk?  Maybe that’s what makes him the leader, she thought. 
“Does Kian think I’m on his side?”
“Kian was upset you ignored his advances.”
Ren stopped on the path.  “Are you kidding me?”
With a shake of her head Abetha said, “No woman has ever said no to Kian; I think he wanted to punish you by taking you here.”  She giggled.  “He’s such a child.”
Ren looked at the bricks.  “This doesn’t feel like a punishment.”  She felt the large bump on the back of her head.  “Well, maybe a little bit.”  There was a pause between her and Abetha, something that happened often but was now different.  How many people here wanted Ren or her father dead, and how many would be willing to kill?  Ren knew the Novaeans weren’t nearly as innocent as they appeared but she hoped they wouldn’t go as far as to kill.
And then she remembered the arrow that had gone flying past her head, mere inches away from imbedding into her skull.  She looked to Abetha, saw that same gentle smile, and realized most everything she’d seen until now was fake.  That kindness and nervousness that Ren related to wasn’t real.  It was just an act to gain her trust.
“So how long will I be here for?” Ren asked.  And how many people should I worry will try to murder me?
“Kian wants to make a trade,” Abetha revealed.  “The rogue that sent an arrow at you is one of our strongest members.  We hope to get him back.”
“So he can kill my father?” Ren questioned.
Of all things, Abetha laughed.  “Oh, my, no.  So we can punish him.”
Abetha started walking again while Ren froze.  She wasn’t sure she’d heard that right, and hurried to catch up.  “Could you repeat that?”
“He went rogue,” Abetha explained.  “He attacked you before we had any preparations made.  We need to punish him ourselves in order for that not to happen again.”  She looked over her shoulder at Ren.  “Not everyone here is as obedient as they seem, even to us.”
“Who is ‘us’, exactly?” Ren asked.  “Is Kian the leader?”
“In a way,” Abetha said.  “He’s the strongest, and if all goes well, he’ll lead Novae into a new age.”
Ren thought Enn didn’t seem to take her leader very seriously and wondered what else might be going on.  As they walked Ren began to get nervous, her hands sweating hard enough she had to rub them on her pants just to make it bearable.  She looked up when the EM field shimmered again and completely vanished.
“That’s better,” Abetha murmured.
“You know what it did?” Ren asked.
“It’s at full power now,” Abetha said.  “And yes, I know about EM fields, and cloaking devices, and even scows.  My mother taught me everything I know.”
“So I assume that means you can read,” Ren said, thinking of all the times she’d tried to get Abetha to pick up a book.  It was no wonder she was so hesitant to try—she already knew how.  Abetha only nodded at Ren, not even the slightest bit perturbed by revealing all her secrets.  The fact that nothing was being hidden now didn’t sit well with Ren.  If nothing was being hidden from her that meant they were most likely planning for her to die—or at the very least attack the manor.
The one thing that sat worse with Ren was the fact that she would have to wait around for the last people she wanted to come and save her; the Monarchy.  Even with Sheridan’s abilities, and Maks’s, they weren’t about to single-handedly rescue her.
Still, she hoped Sheridan would show up before the Monarchy.
A humming erupted overhead, and directly above the ruins Fell a Royal Scow.  Ren knew immediately that it was her father’s scow, the Stormbringer, because there was no way Maks would call for any other ship.  She couldn’t tell if it was scanning for her, but everyone around her stopped what they were doing and waited, their eyes on the war machine.
No longer able to see the EM barrier, Ren knew that the chances of being spotted were low but she held her breath just like everyone else.  Sitting just below the clouds, the Stormbringer waited, and soon flew off.  And only then could she and the rebels could breathe again.
“See?” Abetha asked.  “It’s a strong field.”
“I never questioned that.”  They must have thought she looked down on them, because every chance people got, they told her how strong they were.  But that was not something Ren had ever thought about questioning.  With their constant reassurance she thought she needed to question it.  Someone that was truly strong didn’t need to say it repeatedly.
“Come on,” Abetha said, “I’ll show you around.”




Chapter 13

Ren wondered how there could be so many rebels when the people of Mahendra just went on with their lives.  These people were their family and their friends; how did they move on so easily?  None of the rebels were under twenty, but Ren thought some of them must be missed.  The more she walked with Abetha, the more she wondered which ones were spies that slipped in and out of the capital without notice.  She hadn’t been in the city often enough to recognize anyone.
“Why are so many burned?” Ren questioned.  It didn’t seem right to harm yourself for a cause, especially when it wasn’t necessary.  Ren felt it was never necessary.
Abetha turned and watched Ren stare at a nearby insurgent.  His arms were covered with white scars, twisted marks showing his loyalty to the cause.
“They’re not all scars,” Abetha said, “some are just tattoos.  We have them to show our allegiance to our ancestors; the ones that did not want to take part in any kind of monarchy.”
Ren finally tore her eyes away from the scars.  “What did you just say?”
“When our ancestors crashed here they had a choice to either keep a monarchy government, or allow the people to choose.”  Abetha shrugged.  “It was a unanimous vote; the people wanted their power.”
“And that’s why you scar yourselves?” Ren asked.  “Did you…?”
Abetha smiled.  “I have my markings.”
“As do we all,” Kian said.  He appeared from around a corner, long white hair blowing behind him.  While he brazenly showed his markings, Abetha still hid hers.  Ren wondered why.  
“I don’t understand that,” Ren said.
“Of course you don’t,” Kian replied, “you’ve never had to fight for anything.”
As insulted as she felt, he was right.  Not once in her life had Ren truly rebelled against something, besides her father’s words.  And that wasn’t quite the same as creating a revolution against the government.  But still, Ren didn’t think she would go quite that far, especially when the Monarchy had only come to Novae to lead.  Still, the hole in her stomach said that something else was coming.
“Have you shown her the pit yet?” Kian asked, eyes bright with excitement.
“I wasn’t going to,” Abetha replied.  Her eyes narrowed on Kian, maybe sensing something Ren couldn’t.  Ren already had a bad feeling about the way Kian was tapping his foot impatiently.
“I’ll have the honour then,” Kian announced with a grin.  He placed a hand on Ren’s back and started leading her into the woods.  Tentatively, Abetha followed.
“What’s the pit?” Ren asked, already knowing the answer.
“It’s where we train,” Kian explained, pushing a little harder.  Ren was already tripping over her own feet he was moving so fast, but he didn’t seem to notice.  “And also where we keep prisoners on occasion.  Or in case a child wanders in.”
“You keep children prisoner?” Ren asked.
“Not yet, but we’re prepared for anything.”
Ren bit her tongue, holding back her comments as best she could.  It was no wonder Enn was so surly—she had to deal with this all the time.
They hurried through the trees and Ren wasn’t given the opportunity to enjoy the woodsy scent like before.  She almost tripped over a fallen log, and Kian never slowed his pace to help her.  Her heart raced and she hoped she wasn’t going into a cage for the rest of her stay.  Or a literal pit was about to be thrown in.
Soon she could hear cheering and low hollers of excitement.  Overhead the sun shone through the leaves and Ren spotted two more brick buildings, these ones twice as tall as the ones behind her.  They sat about two dozen meters apart.  Kian pushed aside a low branch, the bark coated in tiny thorns.  He kept it aside for her but her shoulder still brushed against it, tearing at her sleeve.  Small drops of blood began to drip through.
“Sorry,” Kian said, his eyes low as he looked at the seeping blood.  “But look, we’re here.”  He smiled, holding his hand out to display the spectacle.
Ren stood on the edge of a circle, surrounded by a dozen rebels.  They shouted profanities at someone in the centre, and though the person’s hands weren’t bound, they didn’t move.  The person had their back to Ren, but she already knew who it was.
Sheridan.
Ren breathed her name and tried to run to her, but Kian yanked Ren back.  It was the same arm he’d twisted before, and this time she let out a cry.  Sheridan turned, eyes finding Ren’s.
“She came rather fast,” Abetha said.  “I thought it would be another day.”
“Yes she did,” Kian agreed.  “Isn’t that wonderful?”
“What are you going to do?” Ren questioned.  Her arm stung, and every time Kian moved it brought her more pain than before.  She was sure some part of her bone had cracked, and would take weeks to heal if she didn’t see a doctor soon.
“We’re going to be keeping Sheridan locked away for a very long time,” Kian revealed, “I just wanted her to see you first.  Another failure.”
Ren tried to pull away from Kian, but it was no use.  As she did she saw Sheridan step forward, and run into a shimmering blue barrier.  It crackled as she connected with it and disappeared when she backed away.  Ren asked, “You have EM shields, too?”
“We have more than you think,” Abetha said, but her voice was quiet this time.  Ren saw her eyes dart from Sheridan to Kian, maybe just as upset as Ren was.  Ren knew they’d talked before when she was busy with her “royal duties”, and Abetha must have some kind of bond with Sheridan.  She couldn’t want Sheridan to be a prison for the rest of her life, could she?
“You can’t do that,” Ren shouted.  “What did she do?”
“She’s not going to stop until you are back in Mahendra,” Kian announced.  His brow furrowed, grip tightening.  Ren’s knees threatened to buckle, but she stayed standing, if only to hide her weakness.  Maybe her father had taught her something useful.
“So you have to imprison her?”
“Unless you have another solution?” Kian questioned.
“Just…keep her prisoner until you trade me away,” Ren suggested.  “Then send her back too.”
“She has a point,” Abetha said.  
Kian rolled his eyes with a sigh.  “Sheridan has been a thorn in my side for far too long.  She would go straight to the King about us if she were freed.  I want to keep her here.”
“And I wouldn’t?” Ren asked.  She became very still, waiting for his reply.
“Oh, I see what this is about,” Abetha admitted, taking a small step back.  She didn’t offer any other information to Ren, but Ren saw her lips twitch.
Kian grinned wider at Ren.  “We both know you wouldn’t do that.  Your father would slaughter everyone here if he found out, and probably a few people in town.  You wouldn’t ever tell him how to find us.”
Ren bit her lip, beaten.  She thought there had to be a way around it.
With a glance down, Kian said, “But if you’re going to be so adamant, I’ll give you a challenge.  Best me in the pit, and I’ll let her go—until she interrupts again, at least.”
“Kian,” Abetha warned.  “You’re being a child again.”  Her arms crossed.
“Fine,” Ren agreed.  Anything to make sure Sheridan got out of this as fast as possible.
“Kian!” Sheridan shouted, her fist banged on the side of the shield, forcing small spider web cracks to shoot out across the field.  Her jaw was clenched, and Ren couldn’t look away from the accusation in her eyes.  Sheridan looked to Kian.  “I’ll fight in her place.”
Kian shrugged.  “I think the Princess is determined to do this herself.”  He faced Ren, pulling her close enough that she could feel his breath against her lips.  “What do you say to a joust?”
She flinched as Sheridan hit the shield again, but nodded in agreement.  Behind her Abetha sighed, and she wasn’t sure what to make of that.

Ren stood above the rebels atop a shaky brick building and stared down at her Sotarian.  This is for Sheridan, she reminded herself.  And the fact that she could barely move her left arm wasn’t going to affect anything.  Across the dirt ring stood Kian, already holding a vine from the giant tree nearby.  She’d barely noticed it before, her entire attention focused on Sheridan.
The pit, as everyone put it, wasn’t so much a pit but a circle.  It was surrounded by wood and brick buildings, and on the far edge a huge willow tree.  Some of the vines were as thick as Ren’s arms, and she gripped one nervously.  More pain shot up into her shoulder, making her flinch.
“How does this work?” Ren asked Abetha.
“You swing across,” she replied, “first one down loses.”
“That’s nearly twenty feet.”
“Nobody has died from the fall yet,” Abetha said.  She was distancing herself from Ren, and refused to even look in Ren’s direction.  Both of them focused on Kian.
“Has he fallen before?” Ren questioned.
“Not yet,” said Abetha.
Below her Ren knew Sheridan was watching, waiting for her to back down.  But she never had when Ren was in danger, so why should Ren now?  She squeezed her eyes shut, thinking of the best way to make Kian fall.
“I’ll make the deal even better,” Kian yelled.  “If you can draw my blood, I’ll let you both go free!”
The crowd, which had grown to twice its original size, was laughing loudly at that statement.  Ren asked, “Does he mean that?”
“I’ll hold him to his word,” Abetha murmured.  Her eyes fell to Ren’s arm.  “Are you sure you can handle this?  Do you even know how to—”
“No,” Ren interrupted.  “But I need to do something.”  She looked down to Sheridan again, her mind made up.  Inhaling deeply, she asked, “Can you make sure Elian is okay?  Ever since we were kids it was kind of just us—I mean…Dad was there, but he wasn’t quite…there.”  She looked to Abetha and received a nod.
“Are you ready, Princess?” Kian called.
Ren faced him, her chin high in the air as she did her best to wrap the vine around her right arm.  She tugged on it, feeling its strength and hoping it would be enough to get her through.  She nodded at Kian.
They each took a few steps back, and with one last breath ran forward.  When she met the edge of the wooden planks that covered the roof, Ren jumped with all her might, unsure if it was enough to get her to the other side, let alone knock Kian to the ground.
The crowd roared, matching the sound of the wind as it flew through Ren’s hair.  The pressure on her right arm was too much, and as she sailed over Sheridan’s head she felt her grip slip.  Kian passed her, giving her a light tap on the arm; even such a small gesture made her wince.  It was then that she realized Kian knew exactly how injured her arm was, and was going to happily use it against her.
Approaching the other side, Ren almost missed the roof.  Her toes just barely managed to grab onto the wood, but she slid back, the vine being stretched too far.  She looked over her shoulder, staring at the rebels below.  They were all laughing at her, waiting for her to fall and forfeit the match.
Something tugged the vine forward.  Ren whirled to find Enn giving her an exaggerated eye roll.  “This is just sad,” she said, pulling Ren onto the planks and giving Ren enough strength to stay up on her own.  
Ren was nearly speechless.  “You helped me.”
“Don’t get so excited,” Enn ordered.  “The game wouldn’t be over if you fell from here; it’s against the rules.”  She nodded towards Kian.  “Not that he would tell you that.  Hurry up.  I got things to do.”
Ren took a moment to line herself up, her rival already prepared.  “Thanks,” she mumbled.
“Let’s go!” Kian shouted.  He started running before Ren did, and this time when she kicked off she got a little more force.  As she crossed the circle she saw Kian’s arm jut out, ready to smack her down.  In a panic she squeezed her eyes shut and slid down the vine, narrowly dodging his forearm.
“Bad move, Princess!” he yelled with a laugh.  
As she opened her eyes Ren realized her mistake, a brick wall coming up way too fast.  She tried to climb up the vine but it was too late, and as she connected hard with the wall the rebels hushed.  The fingers of her free hand managed to slip between the cracks of the bricks and hold her there, the pain in her arm nothing compared to the pounding in her skull.
Somehow, Ren managed to keep hold of the vine.  She hung there a while, trying to gather her bearings as stars spotted her vision.  The world was spinning, even after she had steadied.  But she couldn’t feel anything with her fingers, and she didn’t know how to outlast Kian.  She didn’t think outlasting him was going to work; she needed to attack.
“Are you all right?” Abetha called down.
Ren tilted her head up, letting it fall back as she blinked the last stars away.  Her head moved up and down in a shaky nod.
Grabbing onto the vine with her free arm, she pulled herself up, inch by inch.  The crowd was silent, watching as she struggled her way up the vine.  When she pressed her fingers onto the planks, Abetha knelt down and helped her the rest of the way.  Ren lay on the boards, breaths coming in short gasps.
Climbing to her hands and knees, she looked up at Kian.  He wasn’t even out of breath, grinning widely at her.  The rebels began to hoot and holler, eager to see her either give up or take another swing and fall to the dirt.  Maybe even hoping for her to die.  She could only glance at Sheridan before forcing herself to her feet.
Abetha knelt beside Ren and helped her up.  “Here,” she whispered.  Ren felt the weight of something in her hand.  Her eyes fell to find a green dagger she now held, its handle elegantly carved from jade.  
“What is—”
“Use it,” Abetha said.  Ren pressed the blade against her wrist, hiding it to anyone that might notice.  If anyone did they didn’t say a word, and Ren steadied herself against the vine.  She didn’t know if Abetha wanted Kian dead or just injured, but it was enough to at least help her win the battle.
“Remember,” Ren murmured, “winning the battle doesn’t mean winning the war.”
And she really hoped a war wasn’t about to begin based on her actions.  There was a chance that if she won this battle that Kian wouldn’t keep his word and trap Sheridan in an EM shield forever, and kill Ren for besting him.  She hoped not, and somehow she doubted he would go back on his word.  Abetha seemed to have an idea of her own, and maybe it would keep Ren and Sheridan breathing.
Taking as much time as she could, Ren prepared herself, steeling her nerves and blocking out the shouts of the rebels.  On the edge of her mind she could understand their words but they never made it through to her, not even Kian’s whines to hurry up.  She flexed her fingers around the vine, wrapping it up her arm as she had before but just a little higher.  In her other hand the dagger felt heavy.
Was she going to just kill him and get the rebellion over with?  She opened her eyes, thinking about all the bad things Kian must have done to become a leader; none of them she thought worthy of death.  The Novaeans only wanted freedom—they shouldn’t be punished for trying to release their people from the Monarchy’s grasp.  Abetha and Kian had both said that they didn’t want to kill anyone.  Ren looked down at Sheridan and wondered how true that was.
If it came between choosing Kian or her family though, the choice was obvious.  She gave Kian a nod, and she could tell he noticed the change in her.  He grabbed the vine and ran.  Ren matched his pace.
Her body hurt.  Her arm had been twisted and grabbed too roughly, she’d hit a brick wall and smashed her head against a bench, but Ren pushed off with as much strength as she had.  She felt her own weight being held by her fingers and focused all her attention on Kian.  As they were about to pass he brought his arm out to smack her stomach, a hit that would easily make her fall.  Rather than climbing down, Ren hoisted her body upwards, swinging her legs over Kian’s arm while slashing at his vine.  The dagger cut through with ease but wasn’t long enough to slice it completely; just enough to make it snap beneath Kian’s weight.
Ren looked behind her and watched as Kian soared to the dirt.  He thrust his shoulders forward and rolled as he landed, saving him from any real injuries, but she saw he was in shock.  It took him a moment to stand up, but he wouldn’t face her or even the crowd.  There was no way he hadn’t bled from that fall.
Still swinging on the vine, Ren missed her chance to land on the opposite house.  She swayed back and forth, and waited for the vine to stop before calling to Kian.  “I made you fall,” she said.  “We’re free to go.”
Kian pushed his hair back and looked up at her.  The crowd was silent, a few of the rebels shuffling off before seeing what would happen.  Part of Ren thought Kian wasn’t going to be true to his word.  She stared at him, a dozen feet above his head.
He took a deep breath, and then another, and started shaking, his hands in fists.  On his fingertips Ren spotted blood, as did the rest of the crowd.  
“I’ll let you both leave,” Kian said.  “But only because I’m so impressed that you actually won.”  He whirled and smirked at her.  “It’s not like I haven’t proven my point already.”  He looked to the rebels.  “Our original plan is on!”
Before she could reply Kian stalked into the crowd.  After a few minutes, the rebels began to disperse as well, and Ren couldn’t believe they were leaving so easily.  Soon Abetha and Enn were the only ones that remained.  They stood near Sheridan on the ground, waiting for Ren to climb down.
And that was when she realized she couldn’t.  She dropped the dagger to the dirt below, and when she tried to grab onto the vine the pain was too much.  If she even loosened her grip she would fall too far, and with her current injuries, to her possible death.  She couldn’t move enough to climb up or down.
“Are you coming down or not?” Enn asked, arms crossed over her chest.  “I gotta drop the shield already.”
Ren’s eyes widened as she thought of the shield that surrounded Sheridan.  How high did it go?  Swinging her feet around, she smacked one foot into the side of the shield, and saw the blue shimmer.  Carefully she tapped along its surface, and managed to find her footing.
“Get off!” Enn shouted.  “I just said—”
“I—uh, can’t get down,” Ren called.  “My arm…”  As she stood on the shield she unwrapped the vine, and while she could feel the blood rush through her arm again it wasn’t strong enough to lift a book let alone her entire body.  She was trapped atop the shield.
“Take it down,” Sheridan ordered.  Enn squinted at her. 
“She’ll fall,” Abetha said, not sounding as worried as she should have.  Rebel Abetha was very matter-of-fact when it came to speaking, apparently.
“I know,” Sheridan replied.  “Drop it.”
Enn huffed and pulled a remote from her back pocket.  “Fine.”  She clicked the button, and Ren watched as a thin blue light shot around the shield.  It bounded towards her, barely giving her enough time to think about what was going to happen.  When it reached her feet she started falling, a gasp catching in her throat.
Ren shut her eyes and covered them with her hands, expecting to smash her head again.  But rather than connecting with the ground she fell into Sheridan’s arms, and was easily caught.  She peeked through her fingers at her personal Sotarian.  “Thanks.”
Sheridan set Ren on the ground, and as Sheridan’s hands brushed over the cuts on her legs she felt each tiny opening sting.  She felt everything sting, actually; things she hadn’t even thought were hurt.  Now that she wasn’t swinging wildly on the vines she could feel each cut and bruise on her body, and the hit to the wall was coming back full force.  She squeezed her eyes shut and tried to will the pain away, but all she managed was a groan.
“Is Mahendra far from here?” she asked through the pain.
“About a half days journey,” Abetha said.  “I’ll join you.”
Ren flinched.  “You will?”
“I am missing as well,” she said.  “Unless you want them to know of my part in this?”
“No,” Ren said quickly.  “I just…I just…”  She wasn’t sure what she thought.
“We should hurry,” Sheridan said.  “It’ll be nightfall soon.”
Ren nodded.
The three started walking, after Abetha gave a nod goodbye to Enn.  As they reached the edge of the pit Enn called, “Hey.”
Ren looked over her shoulder.
“You aren’t so bad.  I guess.  I still don’t want you as a princess.”
Ren chuckled.  “I don’t want me as a princess either.”
Taking a few more steps Ren noticed that only Abetha was beside her.  She looked over her shoulder to see Sheridan was staring in the opposite direction, her lips a tight line.  “What is it?”
Sheridan blinked and turned to Ren.  “You’re hurt; you won’t be able to walk all the way back, and I won’t be able to carry you.”
“I’ll be fine,” Ren replied.  But as she did she put too much weight on her ankle and felt it almost give out on her.  She leaned over and placed her hands on her knees, her lunch threatening to come back up.  “Maybe not.”
“What are you suggesting?” Abetha asked.
“We stay the night, head back in the morning.”  Sheridan kept glancing over her shoulder but Ren couldn’t place what was wrong.  Well, what was specifically bothering Sheridan at least.
“Will he let us leave tomorrow?” Ren asked Abetha.
“He will,” Abetha answered.  “Kian—”
“Kian always keeps his promises,” interrupted Sheridan.  Ren and Abetha both raised their eyebrows at that.  Sheridan hadn’t even turned to face them to speak, her eyes still watching the shaded pathway that led back to the camp.
As much as she hated the idea of letting her father and Elian worry for another night, she didn’t have much of a choice.  She couldn’t feel anything but pain now, and there was no way she would survive a half day’s walk back to Mahendra yet.
“Okay,” she conceded with a groan.  “Let’s stay.”




Chapter 14

Kian’s pale brow arched high when Abetha spoke to him.  Sheridan and Ren waited on the outskirts of the small town, not wanting to venture too far inside.  Most of the rebels ignored Sheridan, even though earlier they’d been hoping to imprison her for life, and kept their glares trained on Ren.  She gave one a wary glance, which Sheridan noticed.
Sheridan took a step closer to her.
“I’m fine,” Ren said quickly.  “I just…”
“You’re not used to being hated,” Sheridan finished.  “They won’t hurt you while I’m here.”
“You don’t have your kamas though,” Ren stated, looking to Sheridan’s weaponless back.  “They have a lot of weapons.”
Sheridan shrugged.  “I don’t need weapons to take any of them down; they know that.”
As soon as Sheridan said that, Ren noticed the rebels keeping a bubble around the two women just as the people of Mahendra did.  She’d assumed it was her fault, but a few nervous looks from the rebels towards Sheridan told her otherwise.
“Must be nice.”
Sheridan’s eyes slid towards Ren.  “What?”
“Being feared,” Ren finished.  “I mean…it must come in handy.  Nobody attacks you.”
Sheridan’s shoulders rolled back and she said nothing.  Ren didn’t know exactly what that meant, but as Sheridan’s eyes met with another rebel Ren imagined it wasn’t always a good thing to be feared by your enemies.  Especially if those enemies used to be your friends, or you simply didn’t want them as enemies.  Ren realized then that maybe no matter what she did she would always be a threat to the Novaeans.  Maybe she would only be able to cause them trouble.
“So,” Ren said.  “This is a bad idea, isn’t it?”
Sheridan pursed her lips.  “Possibly.”
“But we don’t have a choice.”
“We don’t.”
“But—”
“It’s a greater risk in the forest,” Sheridan confirmed, stopping Ren before she could spiral into a panic attack.  Her foot throbbed a moment as she put too much pressure on it, already trying to back away from the situation at hand.
“Sorry,” Ren mumbled.
“For?” Sheridan asked.
“Existing, I guess.”  She rubbed her hands over her face.  “This was such a disaster, coming here.”
When she lowered her hands she found Sheridan staring at her.  She tried not to flinch back, but the intensity that Sheridan had was just too much sometimes, especially when it was directed right at her.  After a moment Sheridan said, “Ren, things were going to happen no matter what the Monarchy did.  Whether you came here or not there was a civil war brewing.”  Her eyes went over to Kian.  “The rebels were here long before the Monarchy.”
Ren blinked.  She knew what Sheridan was trying to do, but it didn’t make her feel any better.  If anything it made her feel worse for the people of Novae.  “You called me Ren.”
“I did.”
“You never call anyone by name.”
“Not normally.”
“If all I had to do was get kidnapped for people to act like themselves I would have done that a long time ago,” Ren joked.
Sheridan whipped her head towards Ren.  “Don’t say things like that—you could have been killed!”
Ren winced.
Sheridan softened her brow, realizing she’d just yelled.  She took a breath to steady herself while Ren tried to gather her own thoughts.  Sheridan was first to speak.  “Not everyone here will show you the kindness that Abetha has.”
“I know,” Ren replied.  “Are you okay?”
Ren saw Sheridan’s jaw tighten and her eyes flicked towards Kian once more.  He’d begun walking away, a smirk on his face while Abetha headed back to let Ren know what was going on.  Sheridan answered, “I will be when we get out of here.”

Ren sat with Sheridan by a small fire, the smoke floating up and making the shield flicker above them.  It was strange for Ren to think that she hoped it would hold, that the Monarchy wouldn’t find them there.  She hated herself for wanting Maks to fail when he must be so worried.   The lights overhead sparked and reflected in her eyes, blinding her a moment before she returned her gaze to the embers below.
“It gets cold out here,” Ren stated, wanting to fill the silence with anything.  Normally she was happy to sit in the quiet, but with so many people out for her head she was jumping at every sound and movement, even with Sheridan there.  She trusted Sheridan could keep her safe from the rebels but she wasn’t sure what else was out between the trees.  Her body was feeling better at least, but her arm still hurt with large movements.
Sheridan gave her a once-over before standing.  She nodded her head towards the pit.  “Come on.”
Ren stood and brushed off her pants.  “What are we doing?”
“Something that’ll warm you up and maybe save your life.”
Ren didn’t reply and just followed.  Before they began to cut through the trees Sheridan picked up a torch and swung it around, letting the weight sink into her hand; a temporary weapon, if needed.  As they moved, a tiny orb of light formed around them that seemed to vanish a few feet away, making the forest seem even darker than Ren knew it was.
Ren glanced over her shoulder one last time as she stepped into the pit.  None of the rebels were there now, but it still felt dangerous.  “Are you sure we should be here?”  She didn’t want to go too far without Abetha, their only real hope at keeping the others at bay.  Without her nearby Ren wasn’t sure the rebels wouldn’t take the opportunity to attack, with or without Kian’s word.  After all, one of them had already attacked without permission.
Sheridan thrust the torch into the ground, making Ren raise her eyebrows.  There was no way she could have done the same, and she patted the hard ground with her foot just to make sure.  It felt like solid rock.
“Yes,” answered Sheridan.  She looked to Ren.  “I’m going to show you how a Novaean would attack.”
“I think I learned that already,” Ren said.  “They like to attack you while you least suspect it.”  The rebel that had attacked her when she first met Sheridan, and then when Kian had taken her…there was an obvious pattern, at least with the rebels.
Sheridan’s eyelids lowered into a glare.  Ren stammered, “I-I mean, I know not all Novaeans are so underhanded, I just meant—”
“I know what you meant,” Sheridan cut her off.  Ren shied away before raising her eyes to meet Sheridan’s.  She was so serious, like she didn’t think Ren knew just how much trouble there was on Novae.
“I know how to fight,” Ren stated.  “I’ve taken classes my whole life.  I know Naomi wanted me to train a bit but this really isn’t necessary.”
Sheridan inhaled deeply through her nose before she rushed Ren.  Just as Ren blinked Sheridan’s hand was already at her throat, hovering an inch away and proving that she wasn’t as good as she thought she was.  Her mouth hung open while Sheridan leaned in closer.  “You are never prepared to fight.”
“I-I-I didn’t realize we had started.”
“Nobody here cares if you aren’t ready,” Sheridan explained, taking a step back and lowering her hands to her sides.  Ren was trying to get a hold of herself, but she couldn’t see anything past a few feet, and there was a loud beating in her ears that drowned out the sounds of the night.  Sheridan went on, “They know you aren’t a warrior; they’ll take advantage of that, just like Kian did.”
“Kian had a gun,” Ren answered.
Sheridan shook her head, the flickering fire casting shadows across her features.  Ren took a step forward just as Sheridan turned, raising her hand in a strike towards Ren’s temple.  This time she was ready and dodged the attack, knowing that there was no way she could easily block it.  She ducked down and swept her foot at Sheridan’s knee but the experienced Sotarian jumped easily out of the way.  When she landed she had a smile and held her hands up.  “That was good.”
Ren lifted herself off of the ground, feeling the adrenaline flush through her limbs.  It had been a while since she actually tried to strike anyone, and even when she had it had only been in class.  Her hands were shaking, and she thought Sheridan was careful to pretend not to notice.
The overachiever took over Ren just then.  She’d never gotten approval from Maks, and the only place she actually got it was at school; it made her live for teachers telling her “excellent job” or “best in the class”.  That was the only reason she could find that would make her lunge forward and actually thrust her fist towards Sheridan’s face.
Sheridan took a single step back, forcing Ren to stop herself and throw a cross-jab.  All Sheridan had to do was take another step back, leaving Ren to feel as inadequate as ever.  Her breathing began to grow heavy as she threw two more punches at her Sotarian that again were easily dodged.  Ren didn’t give up but she backed off, feeling a surge of anger at herself and at Sheridan.  The woman wasn’t even panting.
“Done?” Sheridan asked.
“No,” Ren replied.  She lunged again and as she went to grab onto Sheridan’s arm and twist her into submission when suddenly it was Ren’s arm being twisted.  Sheridan grabbed onto her wrist and swung her around, shooting pain up through her arm.  A single hard smack on the back sent her flying to the dirt below where the air was knocked out of her lungs.  She coughed, stars dotting her vision.  “Yes.”
By the time she was able to regain her thoughts Sheridan had already taken two steps back, at least Ren thought so by the sound of the movement.  Rubbing at the centre of her back, Ren stood and turned, wavering on her feet.  Her foot and ankle throbbed, the adrenaline dying down.
“Wait for them to attack,” Sheridan suggested.
“I thought the point of this was to teach me to defend myself.”
“And to defend yourself you need to be attacked,” Sheridan replied.  “You have a lot more of Maks in you than you think.”
Ren stilled, looking up at the Sotarian.  Nobody had ever told her she had any Maks in her, except for Naomi; and that was usually to tell Ren she was too stubborn for her own good.  It was never so…serious.  Ren didn’t take it as a compliment, though she thought Sheridan might have meant it as one.
“So are you going to attack me again or not?” Ren questioned.  She was tired of talking and actually wanted a fight.  It was a foreign feeling to her.  Was this what Maks felt here on Novae?  Crush the enemy before they have a chance to really resist?
Ren shook her head, trying to focus on Sheridan.  But like always her thoughts took over and eventually she held her hands up to the Sotarian.  “You know what?  I’m not going to learn to survive here overnight and honestly my ankle is killing me.”
It wasn’t killing her.  In fact it had already dulled down to a gentle annoyance.  Even her arm was feeling better, despite the twist it had just received.  She just wanted a plausible excuse to stop attacking—to stop feeling like her father.
Sheridan tilted her head.  Her lips thinned into a line when the bushes behind her rustled, and Abetha stepped into the bubble of light.  “There you two are; I was wondering if Kian had gone back on his word.”
“I thought you said that wouldn’t happen.”  Ren crossed her arms against the cold, finding the movement comforting.
Abetha smirked.  “It won’t.  I was merely making conversation.  What are you doing?”
“Training,” Sheridan answered.  “Or we were.”
Abetha huffed.  “You won’t be able to train her overnight.”
Ren pointed at her former Guide.  “Exactly what I said.”
Sheridan rolled her eyes, and she had every right to, Ren thought.  There was plenty Ren could learn overnight that could possibly save her life in the future, she just didn’t want to do it here and now.  She wanted to sleep, in her own bed back on Earth and pretend like tomorrow she had an exam to worry about.  Not dying, not igniting a civil war.
Rubbing at the back of her neck Ren moved towards Abetha.  Abetha held her hand out and waved them both towards her.  “Come on, I’ll show you where you’ll sleep.”

Ren and Sheridan shared a small room with no roof.  The broken down building was in the centre of the rebel camp, and knowing there were four walls around her didn’t give her much comfort.  She knew if anyone were going to attack them while they slept those walls wouldn’t do any good.  She peered up at the leaves as the wind whistled through them, forcing them back and forth.  She could just barely make out the stars beyond.
“You should sleep,” Sheridan stated.  “It’s a long walk tomorrow.”
“I can’t sleep.”  Ren shifted on the blankets, finding they weren’t cushioning the wooden floor at all.  “Why don’t you?  I’ll scream if anything happens.”
Sheridan shrugged, her silhouette barely visible in the darkness.  She leaned against the far wall, making sure the door and Ren were both in her sight.  Every so often she would glance up at the sky, and Ren didn’t think it was because she wanted to see the stars just as much as Ren did.
“When was the last time you slept?”
“I don’t need to sleep as often as you.”
“They aren’t going to attack,” Ren said slowly.  She was scared, but she knew that much.  It didn’t stop her from jumping at every howl in the night but she knew it was true.  The rebels weren’t going to attack; if they were they would have by now.  And Ren didn’t think they would be quiet about it, either.  At least that’s what she kept telling herself.  She leaned up and rested against the wall before patting the space beside her.  “Come on, sit down at least.”
After a moment Sheridan finally walked over, her footsteps silent against the ancient boards.  Ren wondered how she did it, when Ren walked it sounded like a stampede of wild animals in comparison.
Sheridan took one last look at the door on her right before sitting.
Ren said, “See?  Not dead.”
“I don’t believe they’ll attack.”
“Is it Kian?” Ren asked.  “There was always something…between you two.”
Sheridan’s head tapped the wall, her eyes drifting up.  This time Ren could see they weren’t scanning for a threat, or checking for anything out of place; they were gazing upwards, allowing Sheridan’s mind to wander somewhere away from the darkened prison.  With a deep breath, Sheridan told Ren to go to sleep.
Ren didn’t, at least not right away.  But somewhere between listening to Sheridan’s calm breaths and another howl in the distance her eyes shut and she drifted off to a peaceful surrender.



Chapter 15

Night came fast, and Ren found the forest was a lot more terrifying far from the capital.  Out there she couldn’t hear music in the distance or see glowing lights that would lead her back to a crowded festival.  There was nothing but the moon and it gave little guidance.  All she could do was follow Sheridan, and listen to their footsteps as they travelled blindly through the trees.  She hated herself for being the reason they were there at night—her injuries had slowed them down considerably.  She’d thought her ankle would be better after a night of rest, and it was, but not enough for such a long journey.  It was a blessing that Sheridan had her kamas back.  Without them she was certain they never would have made it through some of the dense vines they had.
Just as Ren began to count more of what was going right she heard a growl.  It was the faintest sound, so quiet she thought it was her imagination.  At first she brushed it off, since it wouldn’t be the first time her imagination had gotten the best of her in the past twenty-four hours.  But then it came again, closer now.
“Do you hear that?” she asked the other two.  Abetha and Sheridan glanced over their shoulder and both their eyes widened.  Ren’s heart rate picked up, because seeing Sheridan’s eyes widened meant only one thing; incredible danger.
Ren ducked.  She didn’t know why she did, but it was her first reaction.  If something was behind her, surely it would jump at her, right?  So she hit the ground hard, smashing her face into the dirt in hopes of avoiding an attack.
She was right to do so.  Something sailed overhead, bringing the rushing wind with it.  Her hair whipped by, obscuring her view of whatever had almost killed her.  Ren covered her head and felt something scratch lightly down her arms, a narrow dodge of another threat.  It didn’t break the skin, but if she’d been any slower it would have ripped her in half.  When she looked up she found a hulking beast.
Its head was reminiscent of a wolf, but its body was misshapen.  Six legs protruded from its long torso, with two hooks on the end of each.  Of all the things she’d seen in the history books, this was unlike any of them.  This was something all it’s own.
And now the thing was standing between Sheridan and Abetha, and her.
Ren had expected Abetha to cower or for Sheridan to push her aside and away from the danger.  But instead she yanked a knife from her boot, and prepared herself for the fight.  Ren was awestruck by the once quiet, spineless girl.
The thing roared at them.
Standing quickly, Ren debated on what to do.  She had no weapons, no knowledge of whatever this creature was, and no options.  So she asked, “What is it?”
“It’s an arenthrope,” Abetha replied, shifting her fingers on the handle of the blade.  Her eyes never left the arenthrope.  “Thankfully it is not a poisonous one.”
It was at least six feet tall and Ren didn’t think that was very lucky, and decided not to be thankful for its presence.  
“Stay back,” Sheridan called.  She had her kamas in hand and as she jumped forward the arenthrope struck towards Abetha.  Its leg shot out, nearly stabbing through the heart when she dodged to the right; its claw caught the fabric under her arm, the force sending her into a nearby tree.  Ren heard the thud as its claw cut easily through the wood.  Abetha jumped to the right, the fabric of her shirt ripping apart.
Sheridan slashed at one of its legs.  The creature screeched this time, the sound vibrating heavily through Ren’s chest.  It was such a violent shout she had to cover her ears.  When it finally quieted down its jaws snapped at Sheridan, but refused to get too far from Abetha.  She stared it down, waited for it to make the next move.
Ren searched the area for anything useful, anything that could be used as a weapon.  She found a rock, and a few fallen branches, nothing big enough to do any real damage to the arenthrope.  She could tell its hide was thick and nothing would be able to penetrate it, maybe not even Sheridan’s kamas.  But some damage was better than none at all, she supposed.
Kneeling to the ground Ren grabbed the nearest rock and whipped it at the arenthrope.  It reared onto its hind legs, tossing Sheridan and Abetha away as they tried to stab at its head.
“Run!” Abetha shouted.
The arenthrope turned to Ren.  Seven glowing yellow eyes stared back at her.  She swallowed her fear and slowly picked up the nearest and thickest branch, knowing what was coming.  A moment of silence fell over them, and Sheridan and Abetha were completely out of her mind.   The arenthrope rushed forward.
In one swift movement Ren lifted the stick, propping it against the ground at just the right angle.  Under any other circumstance Ren was certain she’d never be able to lift such a large branch, but it felt easy now with the adrenaline surging through her.  The arenthrope wasn’t smart enough to realize what would happen, and in two steps impaled itself on the branch as it tried to wrap its jaws around her head.  Ren squeezed her eyes shut, the blood spurting onto her face.
When there was only silence, Ren wiped at the blood and opened her eyes.
Inches away were the jaws of the arenthrope.  It had been a mere second away from devouring her, possibly whole.  The branch stuck through its mouth, but not through its entire head; it hadn’t even been strong enough to pierce the back of the creature’s skull.
Ren fell backwards.
Abetha’s head appeared around one of the things legs.  Soon Sheridan was there as well.  Lifting onto shaky legs, Ren was mindlessly nodding her head.  “That solves that problem,” she muttered.  Her voice was uneven.
“Are you hurt?” Abetha asked.  The worry in her tone was genuine, but Ren didn’t bother trying to decipher anything anymore.  She wasn’t sure she would ever truly figure Abetha out.
“No,” Ren replied.  “Are you two okay?”
“Fine,” Abetha mumbled.  Sheridan nodded, and Ren thought she could see a bit of pride and shame in her guardians face.  Ren huffed.
“Not as fragile as my dad seems to think, huh?” she said.  Part of her wished Maks could have seen her fight, although he probably would have just scolded her technique.  Real warriors battled like Sheridan or Abetha, didn’t they?  Faced the enemy head on and didn’t use the underhanded tactics she just had.  Ren looked at the arenthrope.
“You should take a tooth,” Abetha suggested.  “As a trophy.”
“I don’t think I need—”  Abetha interrupted by shoving her blade into the arenthrope’s mouth, and plucked out a tooth.  There was a terrible suctioned noise that made Ren shiver.  Abetha passed her the bloody tooth, and it took up half her palm.  “…Thanks.”
“On Novae it is tradition for warriors to keep something from their first kill,” Abetha explained, perfectly calm after the attack.  Ren couldn’t stop shaking.  “It’s a reminder of what you are capable of, even when you are just beginning.”  Abetha smiled.  “You’ve come far, haven’t you?”
Ren looked down at the tooth and couldn’t help but agree.   She’d never considered herself to be a warrior; she’d always strived for the opposite.  Tucking the tooth into her pocket, Ren faced Sheridan.  “Do you have something?”
Sheridan tilted her head before lifting her wrist.  On it was a thin strap of leather, with the smallest tooth Ren had ever seen on it.  “It is from a naravindae,” she explained.
“She was four,” Abetha said.  She shrugged.  “A kill is a kill.”  The girls smiled.
Just as Ren was going to suggest they keep moving, another growl vibrated from behind.  It wasn’t as close as before, but it was the same source.  Arenthrope.
The trees shook, and the sound of creature’s skittering against the branches made Ren’s skin crawl.  It sounded like there were dozens of them. 
Abetha cried, “It’s a pack!”
Sheridan grabbed Ren’s wrist and started to pull her forward.  She didn’t question where they were going or just how many arenthrope were in a pack, and followed.  Abetha wasn’t far behind.
Running blindly, Ren wrestled her wrist from Sheridan’s grip.  It was only slowing them down, and once they picked up the pace she felt more confident somehow.  She was actually feeling kind of…strong.  All of her injuries from the day before felt as if they melted away, and all she had to do was focus on running.
All her strength vanished as they came to a large rock wall, its looming shadow appearing only as they were about to hit it.  Looking left and right Ren couldn’t see its end.
A thud erupted overhead as an arenthrope latched onto the stone, its claws digging deep into the rock.  Tiny pieces of dust and dirt fell towards them, stinging Ren’s eyes.  The arenthrope didn’t make a sound and only watched them.
“There,” Abetha said, pointing to a darkened part of the cliff, “it should lead us to the Undercurrent!”
“There’s only one problem,” Sheridan said, catching Ren off guard.  She hadn’t expected her to say anything at all, especially in this kind of situation.  Her eyes never left the arenthrope, the one problem that kept them from the cave.
Sheridan and Abetha had their weapons out and again Ren was left with nothing.  When she made it back to Mahendra, she swore she would carry something with her at all times, especially if there were more people like Kian around.  Or more creatures like the arenthrope.  
“We should go before the rest get here,” Ren suggested.  They had no choice but to risk running for the hole in the wall.  Sheridan shot forward first, throwing a small knife at the arenthrope as a distraction.  It worked perfectly and in an instant her kamas were back in her hands.  The thrown blade landed in the things throat and it started squealing and flailing its front two legs to get the blade out.  It started to lose its grip on the wall, too distracted by the fresh wound to hold on anymore.
Ren and Abetha joined Sheridan, crashing into the crack just as the arenthrope fell to the ground.  The impact shook the rocks, and two more heavy thuds came as more arenthrope arrived.  Abetha groaned as she tried to stand.  “My leg.”  Blood seeped from her thigh, thankfully not in large quantities.
Quickly grabbing Abetha, Ren pulled her away from the opening, just as a long leg stuck itself inside.  Growls and snapping jaws could be heard, but in the darkness Ren felt her heart begin to calm.  A breeze ruffled Ren’s hair from overhead, and the tiniest bit of moonlight hit her skin.
Ren stayed on the ground with Abetha, waiting to hear the arenthrope leave, bored of the food that had escaped.  But they didn’t, and after a few minutes she asked, “What should we do now?”  She couldn’t see an end to the cave they’d happened upon, and even if they knew where to go it was too dark.
“We should rest for a while,” Abetha suggested, “maybe a little deeper in.”
Another arenthrope hit the cliff.  
“Agreed.”

They sat on the ground, none of them talking for what felt like hours.  Ren’s skin was soaking up the cold, letting it sink easily into her bones until she was no longer shaking from adrenaline but because she was freezing.  She wondered if it might kill her, staying here overnight.  Neither Sheridan nor Abetha were shaking.
Ren could barely see them with only the sliver of moonlight shining down.  Her eyes had adjusted a bit, but it was still too difficult to see what else might be in the cave with them.
“Everyone will surely be surprised when we get back,” Abetha whispered.  Ren didn’t know why she was whispering, but it felt appropriate.  Every so often they would hear a growl come from the far away opening.  The arenthrope seemed tired of throwing themselves against the walls but they didn’t leave.
“Especially Kian,” Ren agreed.  She hugged herself a little tighter.  Having Abetha beside her wasn’t providing much warmth, and Sheridan was keeping her distance.  Apparently freezing to death wasn’t one of her top concerns at the moment.
“Garret will be most surprised,” Abetha mentioned.
“Why’s that?” Ren asked.
“I’ve overheard things,” Abetha said.  Sheridan turned her head slightly towards the girls, her interest piqued.  Ren’s was as well.
“What things?” Ren asked nervously.  She had a feeling she already knew.
“He thinks you’re weak,” Abetha said.  “He wants you to marry soon, but I think he’ll be happier if you’re dead.”
Ren knew Garret was trying to get her to marry someone on Novae but she hadn’t thought he’d be happier if she was dead.  She didn’t think her death would benefit him in any way, actually.  Or anyone, for that matter.
“Garret might be a snake, but he would be happier if I just married someone,” Ren argued.
“He’d be happier if Elian was on the throne.”
That caught Ren by surprise.  “What do you mean?”
“Maks cannot be controlled,” Sheridan cut in, her voice low.  “He does what he believes is right and best for the people, not the Monarchy.  Elian is not as strong as Maks; he’d fold under their pressure.”
“Elian is plenty strong,” Ren said.  “And if he were the King then he would be great.  He would—”
“Be easily controlled,” Abetha interrupted, “at least Garret thinks so.”
Ren bit down on her bottom lip.  “No he wouldn’t.”  It was true though, and Elian had plenty of weaknesses they could exploit.  All they had to do was threaten to take away his machines and he would crumble.  But Ren wanted to think her brother had more integrity than that and shook her head.
“He would compared to Maks,” Abetha said carefully.  “The Monarchy is having trouble keeping Maks under their thumb.  He isn’t doing what they want here.”
“And what is it they want?” Ren whispered.  It was what she’d been trying to figure out ever since she’d left Earth.
In the darkness, Sheridan answered, “Control.”

“Hey Sheridan,” Ren whispered.  
Abetha had fallen asleep on her shoulder and she wondered if Sheridan had fallen asleep as well.  It had been hours since they talked, and she could already see the tiny specs of sunlight beginning to shine overhead.  It was still too dark to tell what else was around them but Ren could hear rain starting to fall.  Sheridan was sitting beside her, eyes closed and arms crossed.  Her skin just barely brushed against Ren’s, and she thought Sheridan had moved there to give her a bit more warmth.  She’d finally managed to stop shaking.  “Sheridan.”
“Yes?” Sheridan asked.  She didn’t try to keep her voice down for Abetha’s sake, and the single word made Ren’s heart jump into her throat; some part of her wasn’t expecting to get a response.  Sheridan’s eyes opened, and Ren thought she hadn’t been sleeping at all.
“I want to help Novae,” she said.  It was ridiculous to just come out and state, but she felt she had to.  Ren thought if she didn’t she might forget everything that had happened these past two days—about the rebels that were fighting to rid the planet of her family, how the Monarchy seemed to have their own plans for Novae, and how Sheridan just didn’t seem to be the same person as when they’d first met.
“That’s good,” Sheridan replied.  “Novae could use more friends.  Friends that aren’t like Kian.”
“I’m not going to just watch everything happen,” she declared.  “I’m going to make sure that the people of Novae are taken care of and fight—”  A large drop of water splashed onto her forehead, making her flinch and look up.  She couldn’t see the source, only the small distant opening overhead.
“I know you will,” Sheridan said.  She reached one hand out and wiped away at the water before it slid into Ren’s eye.  
“I’m not weak,” she whispered.  The words had just slipped out.  She hated how Sheridan looked at her like she was about to break at any moment.  Ren had done a lot of daring things since coming to Novae, and she’d hoped that she had proven to the people that she was strong.  Especially Sheridan, who worked so hard to protect Ren.  How far had Sheridan run after Kian kidnapped Ren?  How fast?
“I know that as well,” Sheridan replied.
“You don’t have to look out for me like this anymore.”
“I want to.”
It was quiet again, the only sounds Ren heard being the rain and her own heartbeat.  “I thought you were only here because…Maks made you.”
“If that were true I wouldn’t have followed you into the forest,” Sheridan said.  A smile was beginning to form on her lips.  “And I wouldn’t have shown you the Jade Lake, or shown you how a Novaean fights.”
Ren was having trouble controlling her breathing.  It felt like every breath she took was going to be her last, and her fingers had turned white as she gripped at her pants.  For a moment she could see a future for herself on Novae that didn’t involve her nose in a book.
Abetha groaned and leaned up.  Ren flinched away from Sheridan, but she never moved.  
Abetha said sleepily, “You want to change Novae, do you?”
“You were listening?”
“A bit,” Abetha revealed.  “You didn’t answer my question.”
Standing with more strength than she thought she had, Ren faced the two Novaeans.  “I don’t want to get rid of the Monarchy; they can do great things here.  But…I think something needs to change.”
Abetha arched her brow.  “You could join the Sisterhood then.”
Sheridan furrowed her brow as she looked to Abetha.  “That’s a legend.  Something told to little girls to boost their self-esteem and make them behave.”
A toothy grin grew across Abetha’s face.  “Is it?”
“The Sisterhood?” Ren asked.  “What’s that?”
“A society within Novae,” Abetha answered.  “It’s working for what’s best for Novae and its people.  If you really want to exact change…they would be the best option.”
A secret society? Ren thought.  Was that something she could do?  “I don’t…”
Abetha stood, resting her weight on her uninjured foot.  She patted down her clothes, brushed her hair back and said, “The revolution will happen whether you want it to or not.  You should pick a side while you still can, Princess.”
The word crawled over Ren’s skin, and she knew that Abetha meant that as a threat rather than a warning.  Abetha’s eyes were sharper now, and Ren couldn’t deny a single thing she’d said.



Chapter 16

The walk back to Mahendra wasn’t nearly as far as Ren had thought it would be, and when she returned the city cheered.  At first she had thought it was for all their safe returns, but as more and more people greeted Abetha she realized it was mainly for her.  Ren felt jilted but grateful to be back in the capital.
They sat in Abetha’s family inn, a small building that could house only seven people at a time.  Abetha explained it was used mainly for Sotarians and they rarely had travellers visit.  Ren couldn’t stop from gorging herself on the food.
Even through the giant bites of meat and potatoes Ren could see that the people were acting odd.  The Novaeans were giving her strange glances and refused to meet her gaze.  It wasn’t like when she’d first arrived and people feared her, and it was the exact opposite of the when she’d gone to the festival.  This was uncomfortable, secretive even.
What had changed?
She tried to brush it off as their fear, because if rebels kidnapped the Princess then maybe they thought something bad was coming.  Maybe something bad already had, and Maks had gone into the city for clues as to Ren’s whereabouts.  Had he taken someone for questioning?
Sheridan and Abetha didn’t say anything as they waited for Maks to arrive.  They’d sent their fastest messenger to tell him the news.
“The King will be overjoyed you’re back,” Abetha’s sister, Annoya, said.  She was nothing like Abetha, with long willowy limbs and a very confident smile.  Her belly was huge, telling Ren that her baby must be due soon.
“As will the Monarchy,” Abetha added with a fake smile.  It was the same one that Ren had thought so kind.  Seeing it now she didn’t know how she had ever thought it was genuine.
“As will the Monarchy,” Annoya repeated, her smile tightening.  She trained her eyes on Ren.  “Would you like more water?”
Ren looked to her empty glass, her throat still dry.  How had she gone so long without water and food, and barely noticed?  “Please.”
Annoya poured her another glass, keeping the jug of clear water close to her, as if it were about to be stolen.  “Are you sure you are not injured, Princess?  I could easily call a medic.”
“No, I’m fine,” Ren replied.  Her arms had already been cleaned and bandaged, and Abetha’s leg wrapped up.  And though she was aching all over, she knew she didn’t need a medic.  Part of her refused it because she wanted to prove to Maks that she could easily survive on Novae, even surrounded by rebels, and barely get a scratch.  And if she did get injured, he would see that she could push through it just as well as his soldiers.
Ren looked forward to his arrival and thought it wouldn’t be too much longer.
Annoya pulled her hair back nervously and looked to her sister.  “The Monarchy has been searching the planet relentlessly,” she said.  “But there was no trace of life beyond the cities.”
Ren nodded, remembering the EM field.  There was no way that even the Monarchy’s technology would see past that, unless they tried different frequencies.  And since the Monarchy saw Novae as a very low-tech planet, they probably didn’t even think to try.  She debated if she should tell anyone of what she’d seen, or leave it as it was.  Kian’s words kept coming back to her; there was no way Maks or the Monarchy wouldn’t head into the forest to slaughter the insurgents if they knew what was out there.
Abetha was giving Ren a hard stare, barely touching her own food.  She could hear Abetha silently tell her not to say a word about the rebels, or their technology.  Taking a gulp of water, Ren didn’t think she would ever figure out what to do.  Right and wrong were very blurred now.
If she told the Monarchy then the rebels would be killed; people that only wanted their freedom.  But if she didn’t…then her family was in danger.  She glanced at Sheridan, and found no answers.
“Do you know the name of the rebel that took you?” Annoya asked suddenly.  Ren wasn’t sure if it was a ploy to convince her that Annoya wasn’t working with the rebels as Abetha was, or if it was question of genuine concern.  
“Oh, I…um,” Ren stammered.  Had Kian returned to Mahendra since she saw him?  Did he act concerned for her well-being, or join the search parties to find her?  If he had, Ren knew he would lead them far away from the ruins.  Soon she shook her head.
“I’m sure if you described them, we may recognize them,” Annoya suggested.  She looked down at the water, a hand rubbing at her stomach.
“Is your husband a rebel?” Ren asked.  She quickly covered her mouth.  “I’m sorry—you don’t have to answer that.”
“It is quite all right,” Annoya said.  But she didn’t answer the question, at least not with words.  Instead she excused herself and moved into the kitchen.  The pain in Annoya’s eyes made the food on Ren’s plate impossible to eat, so she pushed it away.
Ren faced Abetha.  “I’m sorry.  I don’t know why I asked that.”
Abetha didn’t say anything and took a bite of her chicken.
As Ren tried to drown her embarrassment and shame with water, voices began to get louder outside.  Soon she heard the familiar whirring of a small scow and she jumped from her seat.  She ran outside with Sheridan on her heels.
The small crowd that had formed around the inn cleared, and she could see the silver scow.  A weight lifted from her shoulders and she decided then and there that she was going to give her father a hug, despite what he thought.  Nothing in the world was going to keep her from wrapping her arms around that man.  She’d never been more grateful to see a scow, Royal or otherwise.
Elian was first to step from the scow, his face lighting up when he saw his sister.  Garret followed behind him, but the siblings had already run at each other, wrapping their arms around each other.  Ren felt like crying but choked back the tears.
“You’re okay,” Elian breathed.  “You’re okay, right?”
Ren nodded against his shoulder.  “Yeah.  I’m great.”
She was first to push away, awaiting her father’s loud voice and stern hand.  The crowd was quiet, with only a few citizens whispering to each other.  They kept a bubble of distance, wider than usual.
“Where’s Dad?” Ren asked, noticing that only two soldiers stepped from the scow after Garret.
Elian’s eyes lowered.  “Ren…” he began.  “While you were gone…Dad he…”
Ren’s heart dropped.  “He what?  Did he leave or something?  Is he—on the scow looking for me?”
Elian slowly shook his head.  “He was killed.”
The world stopped, and the crowd was silent.  Nobody whispered, nobody even looked away from the royal siblings.  Ren’s ears rang with the silence and she tried to make sense of what her brother had just said.  But no matter how many times the words repeated in her head, they didn’t make sense.  “What?”
“After he sent the scow to look for you…” Elian explained, holding Ren’s hands in his own.  His grip was too tight, and Ren knew hers felt the same.  “The rebel that had tried to kill you escaped and attacked Dad in the manor.  I’m sorry, Ren, he didn’t survive.”
Tears brimmed her lashes.  “He’s dead?  Dad’s dead?”
All around them the Novaeans began to bow.  One by one they lowered themselves towards the ground, a sign of respect, Ren thought.  She didn’t care.  She didn’t want respect right now, she wanted her father.  The man that taught her how to throw a punch at a target twice her size, and would tell her war stories at bedtime even though her mother forbade it.  The man that used to kiss her forehead goodnight each evening when he thought she’d already fallen asleep.
Ren dropped her brother’s hands and tugged at the cloth on her hips.  She felt the tooth that Abetha had ripped from the arenthrope, and it made her chest hurt even more.  Maks would never know how much she had changed in those short days, and she wasn’t going to get the chance to give him a hug or even call him “Dad” again.  Ren had always known Maks wouldn’t be present for some of the biggest moments of her life; like graduation, her wedding day or when she knew she was going to make a shocking revelation about the past.  But in her mind he hadn’t been there because he was busy with work, not…
When was the last time she’d hugged him?  Ren knew it had been years.  She tried to think of the exact moment, but she couldn’t remember at all.  Every memory of her father flooded through her mind and left just as quickly as it had come.
Elian pulled her into another hug.  He whispered, “I’m going to make sure the rebels regret this.  All of them.”
Ren looked over his shoulder at Garret.  “How did he escape?”
“What?” Elian asked.
“The rebel,” Ren said, watching Garret feign sadness.  “How did he escape?”
“He had been a Sotarian,” Elian explained, “he overpowered the soldiers when he was being transported.”
Ren furrowed her brow.  “Transported where?”
“To a scow,” Garret answered.  “He was going to face the Monarchy for his punishment.”  He turned away to hide his pain, but Ren saw something she wished she’d seen much sooner.  A smile.  Just as his back faced her, she caught hint of his lips turning up in a cruel happiness.
And everything began to click into place for Ren.
The forced marriages, the subtle comments about what the Monarchy wanted, and the outright lies that Garret had fed her.  She’d known they were lies, and she had ignored her instincts.  She ignored it all and buried her nose in a book to forget about her troubles.  She distracted herself with thoughts of making friends and trying to live a normal life—pretended that she could live a normal life on Novae.
Ren had seen all the signs, and blatantly told herself it couldn’t be true.  Because what could the Monarchy do wrong?  How could they have betrayed her like this?  All her life she’d believed she was safe under the Monarchy’s rule, under Maks’s command of the Scow Army.
How could she have betrayed her own father like this?  She gripped at the tooth, swearing to make sure there was change.  Everything she’d said in the cave to Sheridan and Abetha felt more powerful now, truer.
“The rebel,” Ren said as she pushed her brother away.  “Where is he?”
Elian took a deep breath.  “Dad was caught off guard, but he didn’t go down without a fight.”
“The rebel died?” Ren asked.
Another nod.  There was a gasp behind Ren.  She turned to see Annoya dashing into the house and a pained look on Abetha’s face.  “No,” Ren whispered.
Elian and Abetha were staring at each other.  Whatever bond or friendship they’d had before Ren could see it was gone now.  There wasn’t even a spark, and maybe there never had been.  Her jaw snapped shut, already beginning to hurt under the pressure.
Ren wanted to explain everything to Elian; about how the rebels weren’t the real enemies, and how the Monarchy was to blame for all this.  But she couldn’t, not with Garret there, and she knew her brother could be a hothead.  If he found out the truth about the Monarchy, when his pain was still so fresh, she didn’t know what he would do.  She also didn’t know how easily he could turn Monica into a doomsday device.
“What else?” Ren asked.  “Tell me.”
Elian’s lips formed a tight line.  She ordered again, “Tell me.”
“I’ve ordered another execution,” Elian revealed.  Behind her Ren heard footsteps walking away, and a door slammed shut.
“Who?”
“Ross.”
Ren winced.  “But why?”
“He had the markings of a rebel,” Elian explained.  “He was working with the assassin.”
“Do you have any proof?” Ren questioned.
Elian stood strong, his back straight.  “He had the markings, Ren.  He’s a rebel.  And now his family is under scrutiny; I’m going to get you another Guide.”
“Abetha is my Guide,” Ren argued.  “And she is not a rebel.  After everything I just went through you can believe that.”  Her hands were in fists, and she wanted so badly to scream the truth.  It was there, just waiting to crawl out of her throat and she had to force it down.  Swallowing each individual word made her throat burn.  “I think we need to talk alone.”
Elian swallowed his own fear.  Ren knew he wasn’t used to her acting like this, but what choice did she have?  He nodded and opened an arm towards the scow, letting Ren get in first.
“Not yet,” she said.  “I need to speak with Abetha.”
Elian went to argue but one glare from Ren and he was halted.  Sheridan followed silently behind Ren as she moved into the inn.  Annoya was nowhere to be seen, but Abetha had returned to her meal.  She was so calm, Ren couldn’t believe it.  If someone had just told her Elian was to be executed she would be livid and terrified.  Not like this.
“I’m not going to let it happen,” Ren said, unable to bring herself to say the word.  “Ross is going to be fine.”
Abetha took a small bite.  “I know he will be.”  She was careful as she cut at her meat, looking like the picture of grace and poise.  It was unnerving.
“I swear,” Ren whispered, her voice beginning to break under the pressure.  It was so dry again and her legs began to wobble.  She wasn’t sure how much longer she could stand.
Abetha nodded.  “I know.”



Chapter 17

Ren stood beside Elian and watched as Maks was set into the ground.  The people of Novae were going to construct a royal tomb for him later, since they couldn’t wait any longer to put him to rest.  Ren didn’t think Maks would rest knowing he was being buried on a planet, and not in space.
No matter how much she or Elian begged, the Monarchy refused to let them give him an Admiral’s goodbye.  Maks should have been sent into the nearest black hole, discovering the unknown in his afterlife, rather than being put into the ground.  She stared down at his wooden casket, refusing to cry.  Maks wouldn’t have wanted that.
And he certainly wouldn’t have ordered Ross’s execution, or wanted Garret to be here.  After she’d explained to Elian most of what had happened in the forest, and that she believed Abetha was innocent, he’d calmed down.  He had put Ross in prison, or at least the closest one he could get on Novae, until they had more evidence he was involved in the assassination.  Abetha was allowed to see him and had yet to look at Elian with that puppy-dog gaze since they’d gotten back.
Ren looked over at the Advisor, saw his feigned sadness over the loss of a King, and couldn’t help but ask questions.  All her life she’d thought the Monarchy was doing their best to help her and her family…but they weren’t.  Maybe it had started like that, but even she knew that Maks wasn’t doing what they wanted.
It wasn’t the rebels that had killed Maks and even though she didn’t have any proof, she knew that was the truth.  Ren sucked in a breath, drawing Elian’s attention.  He misunderstood, and wrapped an arm around his sister’s shoulders to comfort her.  She shrugged him off and turned, heading towards the tree line.  Nobody tried to stop her.
“This isn’t right,” she murmured to herself.  
She leaned against a tree, far too calm for her liking, and stared at Garret.  This wasn’t like her, she didn’t question the present very often, and when she did it never had to do with the Monarchy.  But the longer she thought about it, the more she stared at the Advisor, the more she knew it to be true.
Garret stepped closer to Elian and placed a hand on his shoulder.  Elian shrugged it off, and even though she couldn’t hear what they were saying, she knew what Garret was asking.  Novae needed a leader, and Elian was the eldest son.   Of course he had never even considered asking Ren to step up.
“A planet like Novae requires a King,” Garret had said, “not a Queen.  The people would not follow a woman so easily, and right now they need peace of mind with the rebels attacking so boldly.  So Elian was appointed King in your stead.”
Abetha’s hands had been shaking in the dim light of sunset.  Ren knew she was resisting the urge to wrap her hands around Garret’s neck; Ren had been doing the same.  The veranda was so cold, she tried to rub some warmth into her arms but it was no use.  
“I don’t want to be King,” Elian had said.  “I want to find everyone involved in killing my father.”
Even now, Ren didn’t know if telling Elian the truth about the rebels would be the best thing.  If he knew then he would surely fight against the Monarchy as Maks had; and then he would end up in the same place.  Ren hugged herself tighter.
“It’s dangerous to stay on the edges of society,” Sheridan said.  She’d been keeping her distance as well, guarding Ren from afar rather than close.  Garret was still suspicious of how Sheridan managed to save Ren when an army couldn’t even find her.  That was the lie they’d told him.
“You’re the one that needs to be careful,” Ren said.  “If you keep leaving like that Garret will kill you next.”
Sheridan’s eyes drifted to the advisor.  “You don’t believe the rebels are behind it?”
Ren whirled.  “You know the truth.  They killed Maks because they couldn’t control him.  What if they do the same to Elian?” 
Sheridan looked to the ground.  “Maybe you should talk to Abetha about her offer.”
Still holding in her tears, Ren’s throat felt like it had swelled four sizes.  But she still managed to croak, “Offer?”
“There are stories of monsters in the Undercurrent,” Sheridan continued, “but I don’t think that’s all it houses.  If one was to discover the truth about Novae—it would be there.”
“I thought you didn’t believe in that.”
“Most of the time I don’t know what to believe,” Sheridan replied.
“I don’t think they’ll want me anymore,” Ren said, her hopes sinking.  “Not after what we did.”
“You are not the Monarchy,” Sheridan argued.  “They can see that; they saw that as soon as you arrived.”
Ren let out a desperate laugh.  “And how do you know that?”
“Because I saw it, too.”
She blinked, looking up at Sheridan.  She didn’t comment on how small her chances were at finding a solution, or even that she thought Abetha wouldn’t talk to her.  She only said, “I need to find her.”
Sheridan began to lead the way.

Hidden within her family’s inn, Ren found Abetha cooking.  It was calm and practiced, much like when Ren had promised her that Ross would be okay.  It had felt like years had passed, when in reality it had been days.  
“Princess,” Abetha said, her tone tipped with ice.
“I’m not going to play around,” Ren declared.  “I want in.”
Abetha stirred something sweet smelling on a wood burning stove a moment before glancing over her shoulder.  Her eyes were a little red, and she almost looked bored.  Ren thought that must be how she dealt with stress, with apathy and private tears.
“Let’s talk elsewhere,” Abetha said.  She tapped a wooden spoon against the pot before setting it on the counter.  Wiping her hands on her apron, Ren noticed that she was wearing pants rather than her usual cotton dress, the rebel in her leaking out.  She still had a slight limp from her injury.
Abetha led them upstairs to a veranda.  It wasn’t nearly as big as the one Ren had attached to her room but it was still warm and homey.  And on the edge Ren caught the glimmer of a field.
“Should you activate that here?” Ren asked, not very surprised by its presence.  She was beginning to become desensitized by this planet, and all of its twists and turns were predictably unpredictable.
“It’s small,” Abetha sighed, “and doesn’t draw much power.  Now, let’s talk.”
“I want in,” Ren said.  She paused and added, “To the society.”
“You don’t even know what the society is called,” Abetha argued, suddenly disinterested in helping Ren.  “Why do you want in?”
“To help,” she explained.  “To help Ross and the rest of Novae.  To make sure that Garret is brought down.”  She couldn’t say “to bring down the Monarchy”, even under the illusion of safety in the field.  
“You think they can help?”
With a deep breath Ren agreed.  “In all of history there have been legends of secret societies, and they always have a part in something.  I know that things haven’t been proven, and it’s impossible to prove anything now, but I know what I believe.”  When Abetha tried to look out over the trees behind the inn Ren grabbed her arm and spun her back around.  “And I believe that this is right.”
Abetha blinked, her mouth forming a small “o”.  Behind Ren Sheridan was smiling, she caught a flicker of Sheridan’s reflection as the EM field began to fall down.  She ignored it, and made sure to keep contact with Abetha.
“You need to be invited,” Abetha stated, pulling out of Ren’s grip.  “And just because you’re invited doesn’t mean that you can join.  You need to Rush it.”
“Rush it?” Sheridan asked.  
“Those only take place once a year,” Ren said, remembering how often she was invited to Rush sororities back on Earth.  She’d never actually gone to one, but she got the same invitations year after year.  They would let anyone in with such a small population.
“There’s one coming up,” Abetha admitted.  “That was why I told you about it.  Although I didn’t expect…”
“For me to say yes?”
“For the King to be killed, and for Ross to be blamed.”  She swallowed and looked out over the trees again.  “It’s tonight.”
Ren flinched.  “Tonight?  But I haven’t even been invited or—did you invite me?”
Abetha shook her head.  “I’m not allowed to invite others yet, but I can suggest you.  An elder would still need to send you the letter…have you gotten one?”  She didn’t sound even the slightest bit hopeful.
Ren shook her head.  
Abetha sighed.  “Then you’ll have to go to dinner tonight, and hope a letter arrives by the end.”
“What dinner?”
“There’s a dinner held before the Rush,” Abetha explained.  “You could use it to show them you want to help; you’ll be my guest.  Members are allowed to bring a guest of their choice.”
“I’ll do it,” Ren said.  “I won’t let them get away with it.”
Abetha searched Ren’s eyes, as if wondering if that was the truth.  For all the times Ren questioned if she could trust Abetha, she hadn’t imagined it could be the other way around.  But now that was obviously the case.  Despite her worries Abetha said, “Come back in an hour; wear something…formal.  And I’m sorry but Sheridan cannot join us this time.”
“Why?” Sheridan asked.  “If anything happens then—”
“I’ll be fine,” Ren interrupted.  She felt energized to be there, and there was no doubt in her mind that she wouldn’t get the chance to Rush the society.  How could they say no to the Princess, their one “in” against the Monarchy?
“Ren,” Sheridan growled, a single low syllable giving her chills.  “They’re rebels, like Kian.”
Abetha took one step towards Sheridan and lifted her hand, slapping Sheridan hard across the cheek.  Sheridan hadn’t even attempted to block to attack, and seemed too surprised to retaliate.  Although even if she’d seen it coming Ren knew she wouldn’t strike Abetha back. 
“They are not rebels,” Abetha said, her own voice sounding like a growl now.
Sheridan and Ren stood in shock.
“The Sisterhood of the Jade Dagger has been working within Novae for centuries, planning and ensuring the planet is taken care of outside of the reach of men.”  Abetha held her nose in the air.  Sheridan arched her brows and pressed a hand to her cheek, mouth falling open slightly.
Neither Ren nor Sheridan had any idea Abetha could be so spiteful, and Ren told herself that it was only because of the situation.
“It’s going to be okay,” came a voice.  The three turned to find Annoya opening the glass doors, one hand holding her belly.  “She didn’t mean it like that.”
Sheridan didn’t correct her.  Annoya smiled kindly at Ren and Sheridan.  “You should hurry to the manor to change—they don’t encourage tardiness.”
Taking another look between the sisters Ren left with Sheridan.  Neither of them could say anything, and Ren saw a small red mark forming on Sheridan’s cheek.  She felt compelled to defend Abetha, to blame it all on her emotions and the insane situation but couldn’t.
“I’ll be safe,” Ren said as they walked.  “I’ll be careful.”
Sheridan didn’t seem to believe her, but didn’t bother to fight her on the issue.  It made her wonder if Sheridan was planning something herself, and Ren prayed she wasn’t.
If the society had that much spite towards men and probably the Monarchy as well, Ren knew that they wouldn’t tolerate an extra guest at dinner.  Princess or not.



Chapter 18

Abetha apologized to Sheridan before leaving with Ren.  She took it, maybe understanding Abetha’s feelings more than Ren could, but she didn’t look any more comfortable with them going alone.  Ren had to sneak out of the manor to get here, which was surprisingly easy once Elian had locked himself in his room; he’d been in there for hours already.  Whatever he was working on made Ren nervous but maybe it was for the best; she’d rather he work on his cloaking device than anything Garret wanted him doing.  Every hour he spent working on his projects was another hour he wasn’t hunting down insurgents.
Ren wished Kian would show up.  She hadn’t seen him since the abduction, and his father had retreated to one of the outer villages.  Or maybe he was a rebel as well and was off in the forest with his son.  Ren couldn’t see him “slumming” it out there with the others.
Ren and Abetha walked along the cobblestone, trying to stay in the shadows to ensure no one noticed them.  The hood on her dress stayed up, hiding her face from anyone that might pass by.  Nobody could know she was going to this dinner, and part of her didn’t even want the society to know until her arrival.
“Try to appear sympathetic to the rebels cause,” Abetha had suggested before they left.  “But talk about how their tactics are wrong.  And speak as much as you can about the Monarchy and how wrong they are for coming here.”
Ren realized quickly that she wasn’t going to have to lie much to impress the Sisterhood.  Moving into an alleyway gave Ren’s chest a tight flutter, and soon Abetha revealed a hidden door.  There wasn’t anything in front of it to shield it from prying eyes, but unless you were looking for it, you wouldn’t see it.  The wooden exterior of the house matched perfectly to the door.  Abetha pushed it open.
Walking inside, Ren had expected some kind of resistance; a guard to watch for anyone that might interfere with the Sisterhood’s dinner, but she found the place to be inviting.  Much like the manor, everything was accented in mahogany, or what passed for it on this planet, with lots of open space.  The main difference, Ren noted, was that the people looked her in the eye without hesitation.  For a moment she wondered if they even recognized her.
Moving forward Ren trailed behind Abetha, waiting for instruction.  They turned and walked down a dim hallway with red paint and elegant art draped on the walls.  Everyone that passed by wasn’t dressed in formalwear as Ren expected, and all of them were women.  In fact, they dressed much like the Sotarians Ren had seen all over Mahendra; black cotton, with small patches of leather.  As another woman passed her Ren spotted a dagger on her hip made completely of jade.  It didn’t look like it was just decoration.
There was a door at the end of the hall.  The closer she got to it the more she understood that she didn’t know what to say.  She didn’t think that her anger at the Monarchy alone would suffice, and with only a couple of hours to impress these women she wasn’t sure she could do it.
Even impressing Abetha lately was hard.  Ren had to remind herself that Abetha taking her to the dinner was proof enough of the change on Novae and that there was more to come.  Because of her.  Ren felt her hands begin to sweat.  She wiped it away on the cotton dress, anxiety flaring.  The hallway seemed to be so much smaller now than when she’d first entered.
“Take a breath,” Abetha said, her hand on the doorknob.  Ren hadn’t noticed they’d stopped in front of a green door, long swirls carved into its surface.  Ren did as she was told, and took in gulps of air.  “Are you ready?”
Not at all, Ren thought.  An entire planet weighed down on her.  “Yes,” she whispered.
Abetha pushed the door open.
A rush of cool air rushed against Ren’s face, a slap compared to the normal warmth she’d become accustomed to on Novae.  She’d forgotten what it felt like to walk into a temperature-controlled room, since she rarely spent time on scows, and Earth never needed any.  This cold pocket was refreshing, lifting Ren’s spirits.
Stepping inside with Abetha, Ren thought there would have been people gawking at them; at the Princess and the girl that dared to bring her there.  But the women inside went about their business, a few sitting at the long dining table, and others standing with flutes of what appeared to be some kind of sparkling wine.  Some of them glanced over, giving Ren and Abetha a once over but it wasn’t threatening or judging.  It was just…a glance to see who’d come in.
“So, who is everyone?” Ren asked.  Were these women of power in Novae?  Or did they conceal their abilities and wits to live quietly on the planet?
“They are like me,” Abetha answered, “the newest members of the Sisterhood.  The rest are potential Rushes, like you.  Come, let’s take a seat.”
Ren had thought that she needed to be introduced to someone, because wasn’t she there to impress them?  But if only the newest members were coming to dinner, how did she gain the invitation she so desired?
As she sat down Ren inspected the artwork, the walls, and even the ceiling.  Anything that might tell her how she was being judged and watched.  The other girls might not care, but she did.  It felt strange.
And it bothered her that she couldn’t see any sort of camera or transmitting device.  Even at the university she’d been able to spot the “hidden” cameras.  This must have been more of Novae’s secret technology.  If there was anything at all.
“What are you searching for?” Abetha asked.  She sipped at her water, a small cut of cucumber bobbing towards her lips.  
“Transmitters,” Ren admitted.  She peered up at the ceiling again, certain there must be something there.
“There would be no such thing here,” Abetha said.  She set her glass on the table and watched the other women talk, not interested in doing so herself.  Nothing seemed to interest Abetha, and Ren knew exactly why.  She worried about Ross.  Maybe doing this might help pick up her spirits and convince her that he would be okay.
“How will they judge us then?” Ren asked.  “If they aren’t watching then what are they doing?”
Abetha didn’t answer and took another sip of water.  Ren copied her movements, if only to buy herself some time and to hide yet another revelation.  If they weren’t watching the dinner, then the women of the Sisterhood were participating.
Those casual glances suddenly became much more calculating.  Opening her mouth to say something, anything that might give her a chance at earning an invitation, Ren found no words.  Nothing.  It was as if her brain had turned off and all she could think about was the fact that she had once liked the Monarchy.  She had believed in them, trusted them.
And now they had killed her father and had begun to corrupt her brother.  Her grip on her water glass tightened.
“Careful,” a voice said, “those are fragile.  They were made by the best glassblower in Vellen.”
Ren whipped her head to the right to find a woman sitting there.  She looked older than most of the other girls, with fine lines travelling across her face, and streaks of grey in her otherwise dark hair.  Ren thought she could be a veteran member.
“My apologies,” Ren said shakily.  “I was just thinking of something.”
“Yes, I’m so sorry to hear about your father,” the woman said.  “He must have been a skilled fighter to be able to take down a Sotarian.”
“He was.”  Ren nodded.  “I’m sorry, I didn’t get your name.”
“I’m Tansy Vark, first daughter of Allen Vark.”  She said the names as if they meant something so Ren tried her best to act as if they did.  With as much control as she could muster Ren stuck her hand towards Tansy, who took it with grace and poise.
“It’s an honour to meet you,” Ren said. 
Tansy nodded.  As their hands parted Tansy began to spin her own glass of water on the table; not too fast as to spill anything, but quicker than Ren would have been comfortable with.  “So much has fallen onto you and your brother,” she said quietly, “it must be a relief to know that your fathers assassin is dead, and the conspirator imprisoned.”
“Not at all,” Ren said back.  “I don’t believe either of them are guilty.”  She debated adding in something about blaming the Monarchy, but thought it was too soon.  She didn’t want to look too eager to impress them.
“Then who do you suppose is?”
Ren shook her head, realizing that she didn’t know exactly who was to blame.  Of course Garret and the Monarchy had arranged everything, but who actually killed her father?  She didn’t know.  “I’m not sure yet.”
“Well,” Tansy said with a deep breath, “perhaps you’ll find out soon.” 
Some time passed and they were served their meals.  Novaean delicacies covered the table, and the chatter was pleasant and light.  Nothing like what Ren thought.  They discussed fashion over politics, art over war.  Ren never got any more opportunities to discuss the Monarchy or her father’s unjust passing.  The rebels never came up in conversation.
By the end of dinner she found herself embedded in a conversation about the Sotarians, and how there were fewer women joining.
“Do you suppose it is harder for a woman to pass the tests?” one girl asked.  She looked younger than Ren.
“What do you mean?” Tansy said loudly.  “A woman can pass the tests just as easily as any man.”
The girl blushed.  “I’m sorry, I just mean…is there prejudice because of our gender?  Do you think that we are marked harder than men?”
The guests all thought.  “Perhaps,” Tansy mused.  “We should work on encouraging more women into the Guardship, and perhaps more will wish to join.”
“I looks very hard to me,” Ren blurted.  She looked away, questioning where those words had come from.  She checked the pink liquid in her fresh glass, and wondered if there was alcohol in it.  It had been fizzy and sweet, she hadn’t expected there to be anything other than juice in it.
“Are you suggesting that women are not capable Sotarians?” Tansy questioned.  She turned her entire body towards Ren, waiting for a response.  It was a test, Ren knew.
“No,” she replied, “I just thought…I’ve seen Sheridan do some amazing things—just the way she moves is amazing.  I could never do something like that.”
It sounded stupid, and Ren felt stupid.  Of course they wouldn’t value her opinion on Sotarians, and maybe talking so highly of her own personal one wouldn’t get her the invitation she needed but she didn’t want to lie about Sheridan.
“But you have,” Tansy said, her brow furrowed in confusion.  “Abetha told us of how you defeated the arenthrope, and took its tooth as trophy.”
“That was a little different,” Ren said with a shrug.
“No, it isn’t,” Tansy said, “you risked your life to save another.  That is what a true Sotarian does.  And you’ve done it more than once.”
Ren felt her face redden as everyone around the table began to nod.  They weren’t even looking at her, and quickly continued the conversation, but Ren still felt that wiggle of embarrassment in her stomach.  
Abetha rarely spoke, and by the time it was announced that dinner was over, and the guests began to leave, Ren wondered if she’d even said a word.  Ren had been so focused on everyone else, she felt guilty, as if she’d abandoned Abetha.
The small heels on their boots clicked as they walked down the cobble path, not a single soul in sight.  “If the Rush is tonight,” Ren whispered, “shouldn’t I have been invited already?”
“I am not sure how the invitations work exactly,” Abetha said with a yawn.  “We will just have to continue as we normally would.”
There was still no invitation by the time they arrived at the inn.  Nobody had stopped them, and no magic piece of paper had fallen from the sky inviting them to the Rush.  Ren wondered if speaking so highly of Sheridan was what had done her in.  Was it worth it?  Was it—
Thunk!
Ren and Abetha jumped as a blade stuck into the wood of the front door.  Glinting in the moonlight, the jade dagger had a slim piece of paper wrapped around its handle, swaying in the light breeze.
“Go ahead,” Abetha suggested, nudging Ren to move forward.  Carefully, Ren searched for where it had come from but the street was quiet.  Whoever had thrown it wasn’t trying to kill either of them; the blade had landed too far away.
Ren was still nervous to pick at the paper.  It was warm in her hands, and unwrapping it she found herself elated.  “It’s the invitation!”
Abetha peered at the note.  “You can read Novaean now?”
The tiny letters were scrawled perfectly, and though Ren only knew a few words she understood what this note was.  “I’ve been practicing a bit.”
“We should hurry then,” Abetha said.  “It is a long walk.”
The door opened.  “I’ll join you,” Sheridan said.
Abetha shook her head.  “I cannot show you the way.  You’re not invited.”
“Halfway then,” she suggested.  Her tone was so much looser than Ren remembered during their first meeting.  When had she begun to let her guard down so easily?  Especially when a knife had been hurled from places unknown.
Abetha looked into the trees, and Ren guessed she was thinking about every horrible and deadly creature that lived there.  Soon she nodded and said, “Only halfway.”



Chapter 19

Having Abetha be the one to escort Ren to the Rush wasn’t something she liked, especially when Abetha was like this.  She was quiet but each word she said was tipped with a piercing ice.  Though there was no doubt in her mind that Abetha was on her side she still wondered if Abetha thought the same of her.  Maybe Abetha partially blamed her for Ross’s imprisonment.  If it were Ren in that position, she might.  She wouldn’t blame Abetha if taking her into the Undercurrent to Rush the society was actually another ploy by the rebels.
Sheridan had taken them halfway to the cave they now walked through, and Ren was certain she knew where they were going.  It wouldn’t be a surprise to either of them if she were still following them, making sure that they didn’t run into trouble.  Abetha would look behind them every so often to check, but like Ren, probably saw nothing.
Ren was careful not to slip on the wet stones inside the caves.  Each of them held a green lantern, giving just enough light to get through.  It was a hundred times better than the last time they were there, but it still gave Ren chills.  Were there arenthrope nearby?  Her imagination began to get the best of her, and she swore she could hear small growls coming from the shadows.  If Sheridan was out there, Ren hoped she was careful.
“Are you sure Sheridan wouldn’t be allowed in?” Ren asked stupidly.  She already knew the answer.
“The Sisterhood only wishes to speak with potential members,” Abetha replied.  The ground began to subtly slope downwards, leading them deeper into the Undercurrent.  “And Sheridan is not a potential member.  They’re always watching, remember.”
“Why is that?”  Ren jumped over a small puddle, lifting the black dress over her knees.  Though Abetha suggested wearing something with colour before they left, Ren couldn’t bring herself to wear anything but black, not yet.
“Because the Sisterhood is very select,” Abetha said.  She didn’t give Ren any more information than that, and Ren was fine to let the subject drop.  Guilt weighed on her shoulders, and it seemed to stop her mouth from moving.
Ren slowly came to a stop, her footsteps no longer echoing against the walls.  Abetha turned, her expression a mixture of annoyance and fatigue.  “What are you doing?”
“I’m sorry, you know.”  Ren dragged her eyes from the ground to meet Abetha’s.  “I’m going to make this right.”
Abetha swallowed whatever she was feeling.  “This cannot be made right.  But maybe there can be a bit of justice.”
Suddenly Ren felt very silly for using those words.  Of course this couldn’t be made right; there was no possible way to make this “right”.  Two people had been murdered, her father included, and now…
Abetha started walking, and after a few seconds Ren did as well.  The light from their lanterns no longer touched, but Ren made sure Abetha was always in view.  Her jaw clenched, the only sounds between them were their footsteps and the occasional drop of water.  Another noise came from behind her that sounded too much like an arenthrope and she whirled to find nothing but black.  She couldn’t help but stop and listen, but found no threat nearby.
Soon the growling grew louder, and Ren quickened her pace.  The closer she got to Abetha, the harder her heart beat.  “Is that—”
“It’s only water,” Abetha replied, not even letting Ren finish the obvious question.  “It’s called the Howling Jade River.  It isn’t an arenthrope.”
“Good,” Ren breathed.  “I don’t think I could survive another one of those.”
“You should meet the Harowulf,” Abetha said, her lips curving up in a small smile.  “He was named hundreds of years ago, when we first arrived on this planet.  There is a legend saying that he is a man by day and arenthrope by night.”
“Sounds familiar,” Ren mused.  As they walked the sound of the water made Ren feel ridiculous for thinking it was a beast, and it grew so loud that she could barely hear her own thoughts.  
“Here.” Abetha stopped and turned towards the mossy wall.  Ren noticed a small reflection of light bouncing off it, and for a moment she thought she saw herself in a mirror, but as she looked harder she only saw rock.  
Raising her hand, Abetha touched the upper right of the wall, dragged her hand to the left, then down, and back up again.  Her touch brought a purple glow, and suddenly the wall vanished.
“That’s—” Ren began.
“Another field, yes.  Come on, I don’t want us to be late.”
Ren marveled at how the people of Novae were so advanced, considering how they lived.  If anyone on this planet was as smart as Elian, they certainly didn’t show it.  In the city there were no hints of technological advancement, at least not past one or two centuries ago.  It made Ren wonder, if they had such technology, why hadn’t anybody left Novae?  Didn’t anyone want to explore the galaxies?  Ren thought Enn might be the only person that would want to do it.
While she stared in disbelief at the vanishing wall, Abetha stepped inside.  Only after she cleared her throat did Ren hop to attention and join her.  The small passageway was easily lit with just the two lanterns, the walls reflecting the light across everything.  It bounced back and forth, illuminating the entire corridor.  From where she stood, Ren couldn’t see the end, and the Howling Jade was no longer heard.
“This chamber was discovered over three hundred years ago,” Abetha said as she walked, “it has been a sanctuary to my family, and many people of Novae.  It’s the one place we can come to discuss worldly matters, now.”
“Worldly matters?” Ren repeated.
Abetha took in a deep breath, preparing for an explanation.  Ren was used to being the one to do that, usually when talking to Elian.
“The Sisterhood has had the utmost control when dealing with Novae,” Abetha explained, “until the Monarchy came along.  They might have their spies, but the Monarchy is quite adamant in keeping them out.  It’s been difficult to know what’s going on, and I think it’s made them a little…lazy.”
“How so?”
“They refuse to fix a problem,” Abetha growled.  “I’m hoping having you here will make them see otherwise.”  She stopped and looked over her shoulder.  “I know you probably don’t want to hear this…but you’re the only person that can help us now.”
It was Ren’s turn to swallow audibly.  “Me?”  Ren wanted to help, and she already knew she was the only way to get to the Monarchy, but hearing it out loud made it feel a lot more real.  The pressure on her shoulders intensified.
Abetha never replied and continued down the corridor.
When they came to the end Ren felt like she could breathe again.  She stepped one boot into a huge, brightly lit cavern filled with people.  For the first few seconds she was too caught up in the raw diamonds and jade embedded into the walls to care about anything else.
The circular cavern was filled with the precious gems, and much like the lake they gave off a glow that made everything seem surreal.  Some of them were cut and coloured into a blinding glimmer.  Ren breathed, “Wow.”
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” a woman asked.  Ren tore her eyes away from the stones to find Enn walking up to her.  “It’s natural.”
“Enn?” Ren asked.  “You’re part of the Sisterhood?”
She smirked.  “Who do you think is next in line to control it?”
Ren tried to answer but another woman cut her off.  “Next in line means nothing if you do not learn to lead.”
Enn straightened, much like Ren always did around Maks.  Dressed in a stunning green dress that barely made it to her knees, with diamond encrusted heels on her boots, this woman didn’t look like she should be in the Undercurrent.  Even surrounded by the precious gems, she stood out.
“Matron Keturah,” Abetha said, giving a small bow.  “This is Loren Ar—”
“I think you mean Princess Loren Argent,” Keturah interrupted.
“I just go by Ren,” Ren suggested.  Enn rolled her eyes.  Keturah looked Ren up and down, her eyes much more narrow than Enn’s.  Under that gaze Ren began to feel like she was beneath a microscope, but it could have been the numerous other gazes she felt.  Risking a glance around, Ren noticed all the women were staring at them.
“Welcome to the Rush,” Keturah said.  “I need to greet the other guests.”  Her heels clicked as she walked away, perfectly balanced against the smooth rocks.
Enn waited until she was out of earshot to say anything.  “Why does everyone like you?”
“That was liking?” Ren asked.  Her palms were sweating again, and her heart didn’t want to calm down.  As her eyes darted around the room she realized something for the second time.  Everyone here had a very good reason to hate her.
“Keturah rarely acknowledges people that are destroying the planet,” Enn said with a sarcastic smile.  “She likes to be in the know, and she was until…you know.”
“Until the Monarchy,” Ren concluded, a little bored with that statement.  They all made it seem as if Novae was perfect until she came along, but she doubted that was the case.  There was no such thing as perfection.
But the thought of a planet ruled by women was interesting to Ren.  The Monarchy might have claimed to have equal rights for women, but it was still a hard earned achievement for them to get anywhere in the government.  Most advisory positions were given to men like Garret, the kind of people that would do anything for their higher ups.  Ren shivered.
“I’ll introduce you to the other Matrons,” Abetha said.
“Hold on,” Enn called.  “I think I need to be introduced.  After all, I do have some influence here.”
“You’re supporting me?”  Ren gaped.  She had seen at the rebel camp that Enn was more than she seemed, and much more brilliant than Kian had given her credit for, but having her support was the last thing Ren expected.
“Yeah,” Enn said with a smirk.  “Who do you think gave you the invitation?”
Ren understood now why it had been a dagger thrown at her, rather than a simple letter.  She didn’t argue with Enn and thanked her instead.  
“Don’t thank me,” Enn argued.  “You aren’t a member just yet.”
“I believe having Ren as a member will help with the problem,” Abetha said.  She was careful not to give away much information, and it was beginning to grind on Ren’s nerves.  
Enn snorted.  “Like she could help with that.  Go introduce her to the Matrons—I have better things to do.”
And in seconds Enn was gone.  Ren questioned what it was they were talking about, because clearly Enn didn’t want any of Ren’s help.  Her sudden change in demeanour was disheartening.  Maybe whatever problem Abetha was talking about was too sensitive to give up.
“There she is,” Abetha said, looking to a greying brunette on the other side of the room.  “Come on, you’ve already met her, so it’ll be easier.”
Tansy stood in front of Ren, an obvious Matron to the Sisterhood.  They shook hands again, smiled, and got right down to business.
“Your views on the Guardship are of interest to me,” Tansy said, “considering you’re not from Novae.  I’m curious, why do you speak so highly of Sheridan?  From what Abetha has told me she hasn’t been doing her job very well.”
Ren was insulted on Sheridan’s behalf, but found she didn’t have a proper argument.  “She saved me when the rebels kidnapped me,” Ren replied carefully.  And it was true, to a certain degree.  If Sheridan hadn’t shown up Ren wouldn’t have found a bargaining chip to use with Kian.
“But they shouldn’t have kidnapped you in the first place,” Tansy countered.  She was trying to get under Ren’s skin, and it was going perfectly.
Ren ground her teeth.  “Sheridan is the best warrior on this planet,” Ren said.  “And the fact that the entire planet has conspired against me does not mean she hasn’t done her duty.”  The tightness in her tone had come out, and it was hard to see on the edges of her vision.  She was furious.
Tansy grinned.  “I’m glad you think so highly of my niece.”
Ren blanched, and Abetha gave a small grin.  “Y-Y-Your niece?”
Tansy nodded, making her hair fall over her shoulder.  In this light she looked younger, more powerful than Ren had first thought.  “I didn’t realize—”
“It’s quite all right,” Tansy interrupted.  She took a sip of a pink bubbling liquid.  “It’s always nice to hear when others appreciate her abilities; God knows her father never did.”  Her lip nearly curled into a snarl but quickly returned to a smile.  “But she is a very skilled warrior.”
“That isn’t all I like about her,” Ren blurted, regretting it immediately.  Abetha nudged at her ribs, a not-so-subtle warning.  “Sheridan’s very kind—and comforting, in a way.”
Tansy cocked a brow.  “Comforting?  Sheridan?  How so?”  She sounded genuinely confused by the thought that Sheridan could be comforting.  Considering everything, Ren understood her surprise.  
“She makes me feel safe,” Ren suggested.  Maybe she was just so used to Maks’s cold shoulder that anyone like him made Ren feel safe.
“She is there to guard you,” Tansy told her, “of course she would.”
“It’s more than just guarding me though,” Ren argued, unable to let this go.  Abetha gave her another nudge, clicking her tongue at Ren but it went ignored.  “Sheridan believes in me.  I’ve never really…had that before.  Not like that anyway.”
And if she had, Ren never noticed it.  Maks had never supported her endeavours, and while Elian had never told her she was wrong to study archeology, he never said she was right either.  The last person she could remember telling her to follow her dreams, to truly believe she could do what she wanted was Naomi.  A small sliver of pain stabbed at her heart.  Going against the Monarchy meant going against Naomi as well, and Ren wasn’t sure what Naomi might do.
Tansy was quiet, contemplating Ren’s words.  “That is quite a compliment to a mother,” she said, her voice low.  “Thank you.  Now, you should meet the last Matron before the night is over; you were already quite late.”  She gave a small glare to Abetha, who took it with a shrug.
“Mother?” Ren asked.
“Who do you think took care of Sheridan after her father abandoned her?” Tansy asked.
Elegant and calculating were the only words Ren could think of to describe Tansy.  But one more word came to mind; warmth.  Ren had spotted it in Tansy’s eyes when they started talking about Sheridan and how good a person she was, Sotarian or not.  Ren still wondered if Tansy had done all she could for Sheridan—did she try to keep their family together?  By the way her lip curled when talking about Sheridan’s father, Ren didn’t think so.
Ren hoped they tried to teach the men to have the same values they had, to create more equality but questioned what the Sisterhood really wanted.  Did they want equality, or power?
Just how similar were they to the Monarchy?
“Ren?” Abetha asked.  She hadn’t noticed she’d started staring off into space, letting the sparkling crystals hypnotize her into a subdued state.
“Right,” Ren said with a sudden deep breath.  “Who’s next?”
“Fleur,” Enn said, appearing from Ren’s right.  “I’ll introduce you; she can be a bit of an—aristocrat.”
That didn’t sound like something good, not the way Enn said it.  She nodded her head to the left and started walking, leaving Abetha and Ren to follow.  Abetha didn’t though, and started moving towards the drinks.  
“Aren’t you coming?” Ren asked.
“It would be better if Fleur didn’t see you with me,” Abetha said.  “She’s always had it out for me.”
“Why?”  Ren couldn’t think of any reason someone might have it out for Abetha.  Even with the recent events, it didn’t seem plausible; Abetha blended easily into the crowd wherever she went.  If she ever wronged someone they would never know it was her unless she wanted them to.
“You coming?” Enn questioned.
Ren took another look at Abetha but she’d already turned away and grabbed a glass of champagne.  Turning back to Enn, Ren nodded and caught up.
“Didn’t you have something to do?” Ren questioned, curious about Enn’s sudden reappearance.
Enn clenched her jaw.  “Thought you could use a hand.  You’re welcome.”
Choosing to change the clearly sore subject, Ren asked, “Is Fleur nice?”   She couldn’t decipher another way to ask what kind of person Fleur was. 
“If she likes you,” Enn replied.  “You already won over Keturah and Tansy, so I think you’ll be fine.”
“I won them over?  How?”
“How else do you win people over?”  Ren didn’t need to see Enn roll her eyes to know how exaggerated the gesture was.
“Why doesn’t Fleur like Abetha?” Ren questioned.
Enn paused then shrugged.  “Fleur doesn’t like a lot of people.  She’s an old piece of leather that should have retired years agOW!”  A cane had come down and smacked the back of Enn’s head.
“Who’s a piece of leather?” the woman asked angrily.  Ren assumed it was Fleur.  Her cane swatted Enn again on the arm, lighter this time, before tapping against the ground.  Her skin was a dark brown with deep lines and large lips.  She was shorter than anyone Ren had seen on Novae, coming up to only Ren’s shoulder.
Enn grumbled under her breath before saying, “Ren, this is Fleur.  Fleur, Ren.”
“You should address the Princess properly,” Fleur said with a glower.  When it turned on Ren she shivered, unsure of what to say.
“Nice to meet you Fleur,” she stammered.  “I’m—”
“I know who you are,” Fleur interrupted.  “Have you been going around introducing yourself like that all night?”
“No…” Ren said.
“Has this one been introducing you?”  Fleur pointed her cane at Enn but Ren saw her eyes slide away as if trying to find Abetha.  “She should be since she’s your sponsor.”
“Yes,” Ren lied, “she has.  She and Abetha have been wonderfully supportive.”
Fleur sneered, her nose wrinkling so much that Ren hadn’t thought it was possible to bare more teeth.  They were pearly white stubs, probably dentures.  “Yes, that Abetha has always talked so highly of you and the Monarchy.”
Enn leaned close to Ren, so close that she could feel Enn’s breath against her skin.  “Fleur has been having some memory problems,” Enn whispered, “and she can’t quite remember who’s on our side.”
Fleur’s cane came down hard on Enn’s head, creating a loud crack through the cavern.  A few women turned to see the source of the noise, but Ren imagined that many of them already knew what had happened.  Fleur growled, “I might have memory problems, but I don’t have hearing problems.”  She wrinkled her nose again at Ren before walking away.
“Huh, she likes you too,” Enn stated, rubbing at the growing welt on her head.  
The women of the Sisterhood had a strange way of showing their liking, Ren thought.  “Because she didn’t hit me?”
“Exactly,” Enn grumbled.
They stood under the crystals, neither of them knew what to say next.  So Ren said, “Thank you for this.”
“I still don’t get what you plan on doing once you’re in.”
Ren liked her wording, as if there was no chance she wouldn’t make it into the Sisterhood.  She gave a small smile, finding it still a little difficult after the funeral.  “I plan on conspiring against the Monarchy.”
Rebellious words had never felt so good.

Enn, Ren, and Abetha left the Rush at the same time.  Ren’s hopes were high, and she wasn’t going to find out soon enough if she’d be entrusted into the Sisterhood.  Enn seemed to think she had done just fine impressing the Matrons, but Ren wasn’t so sure.  She wanted to know now if they were going to help her.
Stepping out of the Undercurrent they were greeted by a small scow, and Kian’s grinning face.  He brushed his white hair over his shoulder and approached.  “Good evening, Princess.”
“What are you doing here?” Ren said, backing up and preparing to run.  There was no way she could best Kian in a fight, but she thought if she could make it back to the cavern she would be safe.  If she could find the entrance that was.
Kian stepped closer and Ren couldn’t move anymore.  There was nothing behind her stopping her from running, but her feet didn’t want to move.   She was stuck to the ground, her hands in shaking fists.
“I’m here to pick up Enn,” he stated, “since she doesn’t live in Mahendra anymore.  Remember?”
“I thought we were meeting by the lake,” Enn said.  Her lips were pursed at Kian, clearly unhappy with his presence so close to the Sisterhood.
“I wanted to see if Aunt Tans or Keturah wanted to come along,” he suggested.  “I know they’re busy trying to hide from everyone, but I think it’s obvious that we aren’t going to be able to hide again.”  He arched his eyebrows.  “It’s time to fight.”
“What are they talking about?” Ren whispered to Abetha.  She didn’t reply.
Kian eyed her.  “You know, Princess, my proverbial door is always open.  If you ever want to join us—you’re welcome to.”
“You kidnapped me,” Ren stated.
He shrugged, a slow and precise movement.  They didn’t exchange any more words; Enn just smacked Kian’s arm and pointed into the scow.  They climbed in and drove off, leaving Ren with more questions than answers.
It made her wonder more about what the Sisterhood was capable of.
“We should get back,” Abetha said.  When she started moving Ren followed, only taking a moment to listen to the scow sailing over the treetops before cloaking and vanishing completely.  Ren took one step forward when Kian’s words dawned on her.
“Wait,” she murmured.  “Did he say ‘Aunt Tans’?”
“He did,” replied Abetha.
“So he’s Tansy’s nephew?”
“He is.”
“Then…”  Ren jogged to catch up with Abetha.  “Then he’s Sheridan’s brother.  And Kai is the father that kicked her out for being a Sotarian!”
“Again, yes.”  Abetha puckered her lips in annoyance.  Her arms crossed tight over her chest and her foot tapped. 
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Ren cried.  “We spent an entire night with them and nobody said a thing.”
“You’ll have to ask Sheridan.”  Abetha started walking, and no matter how many times Ren asked, she knew she wasn’t going to get an answer.  Abetha was right; she would have to talk to Sheridan. 



Chapter 20

Returning to the manor was bittersweet.  It was a reminder of all Ren had lost; her true home on Earth, her father, and soon she thought she might lose her brother as well.  But she was exhausted, and crashing onto her bed felt like the best thing in the world.  Until there was a knock at her door, and Naomi stepped in.
Ren sat up and looked at the solemn expression on Naomi’s face, the way her hair wasn’t beautifully styled, and how her normally perfect posture was slumped over.  “Is something wrong?” Ren asked.  Panic struck.  “Is Elian okay?”
“He’s fine,” Naomi said.  “He was wondering where you went today.  You didn’t have your watch on.”
Ren looked at her watch on her bedside table, something she normally had on her at all times.  She used to put it on each morning, but as the days passed on Novae she didn’t bother.  No phone calls came through, no messages.  So what was the point of it?  Other than the Monarchy checking in it had no purpose.  Although she could have used it when Kian had taken her.  With that in mind she almost wanted to put it on but…she knew she couldn’t. 
“You were tracking me?” she asked.
Naomi nodded.  “Just to make sure you were safe.  Were you?”
“I’m here aren’t I?” Ren questioned.  It had been a long time since she answered a question with a question, she thought.  Especially when it was Naomi she was talking to.  When Naomi didn’t reply and just sat down beside her she said, “Well I’m fine.  I’m sorry if you worried.”
“I knew you were fine,” Naomi stated.  “Elian is worried.  Understandably of course.”  Her voice cracked.  “Your father…Maks…he was a good man, you know.  I know you two didn’t always get along but—”
“I know,” Ren interrupted.  Naomi was staring at the open door, as if waiting for Maks to come around the corner and give an order and make everything okay.  Hesitating, she wrapped an arm around Naomi’s shoulders.
“I served under his command for nearly fifteen years,” Naomi said.  “And not once had he been bested in battle.”  Before a single tear could fall Naomi straightened and wiped beneath her eyelashes.  Ren would have preferred she ball her eyes out.  At least then she might feel a bit better, but like Maks Naomi would hold it all in.
As Naomi stood Ren wondered if she would be a good ally in Ren’s plans.  Naomi was strong and righteous, nothing like Garret.  She wouldn’t turn Ren in to the Monarchy just to advance her career, especially if it meant bringing Maks’s killers to justice.  Would she?
Losing all nerve, Ren watched as Naomi moved towards the door without another word.  Just as it was about to shut Ren blinked hard and called out, “Wait.”
Naomi pushed it open and looked at her.  Her eyes were red and already starting to puff a bit.  Ren glanced at the watch on the table, wondering if Garret or someone else on the scow above Novae was listening in.  For the first time since her arrival Ren hoped that the scow would leave soon, without her on it.
“Ren?” Naomi asked.  Ren snapped to attention, twisting her head back towards Naomi.
“If you had the chance to find everyone involved in Maks’s—Dad’s death, you would take it, right?”  She looked back at the watch.  “You wouldn’t ignore the evidence, right?”
Naomi’s eyes drifted to the communicator and back to Ren.  If she was putting two and two together, Ren didn’t know, but soon she nodded.  “I would do everything in my power to make sure they suffered.”
“I don’t want anyone to suffer,” Ren murmured.  “I just want the grief to stop.  For everyone.”
Naomi flinched then shook her head.  “Then you’re a better person than I, Ren.”
She shut the door, leaving Ren to her own silence.

Despite returning home so late the night before, Ren was up just as the first sliver of sun came across the treetops.  Maybe it was because she was still invigorated after finally making a decision on what to do about the Monarchy.  Maybe it was because she knew she wasn’t going to have to do it alone.
After dressing Ren decided to wear her watch, if only to appear innocent to Garret.  When she stepped into the hallway she found Sheridan standing by her door as usual.  After learning that Sheridan and Kian were siblings she couldn’t look Sheridan in the eyes.  And against Abetha’s suggestion, Ren didn’t mention it.
“Good morning,” Sheridan said first.
“Good morning,” Ren replied.  Should she apologize for not realizing sooner?  Ren knew that Sheridan’s connection to Kian was her own business, but it still hurt to know that she wasn’t comfortable enough to let Ren know.  Instead of saying anything she started walking, and tried to mentally compare Sheridan and Kian in her head.  In a way, they were similar; strong and unwavering.  But that seemed to be where the similarities ended.  A hundred questions pummeled Ren’s mind; how could Kai do that to his daughter?  Why did her mother abandon her so easily?  Ren shook her head, unsure on where to focus her attention.  Sheridan’s pain felt just as important as Novae’s.
Ren headed right to Elian’s room.  She hadn’t had a real conversation with him since their arrival on Novae, and after talking to Naomi last night she had high hopes he would join her cause.  It’s Elian, she thought, he has to be for this.
But he wasn’t in his room.  And he wasn’t in the kitchen stuffing his face with expensive pastries or outside working on figuring out how an entire planet could disappear.  He was in his office.
Maks’s old office.
The fact that Elian had an office at all made Ren uncomfortable.  He was only nineteen—he wasn’t ready to rule a planet or go to war.  Ren hated how unfair this was for everyone involved, but most of all him.
“Elian?” Ren said, finding him standing between Garrett and Naomi with a large map of Novae.  “What are you doing?”
“Working on finding the insurgents,” he declared.  There were large half-moons sitting under his eyes, and his normally ruffled hair was smoothed back and patted down.  Naomi looked exactly as she had last night, while Garret remained the same as ever.  It was as if coming to Novae had no effect on him.
“Didn’t Dad do a scan with the scow?” Ren asked carefully.
“Yes, but he didn’t have my modifications when he did,” Elian said, his eyes barely lighting up.  He was dressed in the Monarchy’s silver attire, with his gold and silver sun shining brightly over his heart.  It hurt just to look at him.  “When we do the next scan we should be able to find whoever’s hiding out there.  Then we can do a raid and make sure we capture everyone.”
Ren swallowed audibly.  “Great.  But…what if they get away during the raid?”
“We’ll find them,” Garret cut in.  “Elian—His Grace has suggested giving all Novaeans watches from the Monarchy, to ensure they’re safe.”
“To ensure they’re watched,” Ren corrected, wondering why Garret would even bother trying to lie to her.  Her hands began to shake, so she stuck them behind her back.  If anyone noticed they didn’t say anything about it, because it wasn’t unusual for Ren to shake, was it?  Garret smiled.
Ren caught Naomi glaring at him when he looked away.  He said, “If we can track the Novaeans we will know exactly who is a rebel and who is not.  And if they are, we’ll know exactly where they’re hiding.”
“And if the scans work, which they will,” Elian mumbled, “we can find the Absolution and find out why it really crashed.  Or if it crashed at all.  None of this Beginning garbage.”
Ren couldn’t help but flinch at that.  Elian wasn’t one to question a person’s beliefs.  Ever.  “If you’re giving communicators to everyone, does that mean Ross is free to go?”  An idea sparked, but Ren couldn’t even fake a smile for them.  “Maybe you could use him to track where the rebels are hiding.”
Behind Ren, Sheridan shifted her feet.  Elian looked up and met Ren’s gaze.  “That’s not a bad idea.  Garret, go do that.”
Garret furrowed his brow, clearly not happy with the way he was being given orders.  “Your Grace, are you sure—”
“I’m sure,” Elian replied, keeping his head lowered to the map.  Ren didn’t know if he was letting Ross go because he believed Ross was innocent, or he really thought Ross could be tracked.  Either way Ren wanted to make sure Garret didn’t do anything wrong.
“I’ll join you,” Ren suggested as Garret began walking towards the door.  “As will Sheridan.”
Garret eyed them but nodded.  “A Sotarian would be of use, should anything happen.”
And Ren was certain that because she and Sheridan joined Garret that nothing would happen.  They found Ross imprisoned in an EM field, the very same kind that the rebels had used to lock Sheridan in the pit, and got him out.  Ren went as far as to escort him back to Mahendra, where he was reunited with his sisters.
They were invited to stay and eat, and Ren tried not to ask anything about the Sisterhood or rebels.  It was hard enough warning them about the communicator, and that should anyone on the scow overhead want to listen in on their conversations, it was only a click away.  
Thunk!
A knife was stabbed between Ren’s fingers on the table, her eyes going so wide she thought they might fall out.  Abetha smiled, her hand still around the jade handle.  “From Enn,” she stated.  “She was very specific in how I should deliver it.”
Ren swallowed.  “Thanks.”
Of course it would be from Enn, but Abetha took a little too much pleasure in the delivery.  With a steady hand Ren unraveled the note attached to the dagger, and found it wasn’t another invitation.  It was a rejection.  Her heart sank and suddenly it felt like it was her alone against an army of patriotic soldiers.  She licked her lips, unable to comment on anything with Ross around.  Her eyes fell on his bracelet.  Ren clicked hers off; a feature that had never seemed practical was now a blessing.  She was suddenly very glad that Elian liked to modify everything the Monarchy gave them.  At least he did when they were on Earth.
“I’ll go get a cake from the store down the street,” he suggested, his voice low.  “To celebrate.”
“That would be lovely,” Abetha said.  
“Thanks,” Ren mumbled as he left.
“Is something wrong?” Abetha questioned when her brother was out of range.
Ren was shaking her head, unable to believe it.  “The Sisterhood doesn’t think I’m the right fit.”  
“Why?” Sheridan asked.  Her outrage showed in her voice, but more so in the fist that slammed onto the table.  “You want everything they want.”
“Hm, not everything,” Abetha mentioned.  “You want to take action while the Sisterhood would rather let everything happen on its own.”  She shrugged.  “They believe the problem will be solved by itself, without you.”
“What is this problem you keep mentioning?” Ren asked.  “Is it the Monarchy—the rebels?”
Abetha tilted her head.  “Both, I suppose.”
“Why don’t you just tell me?”
“I can’t.  The Monarchy isn’t the only one that listens.”
Ren ground her teeth together.
“The Sisterhood likes to keep its secrets,” Abetha added.
Slamming her hands on the table Ren stood, surprising everyone.  “If they won’t give me the information I need, or the help, I’ll find it elsewhere.”
Annoya arched a brow.  “And where do you think you’ll find that?”
Ren had an idea, but she didn’t want to announce it to anyone.  If the Sisterhood was listening in, or even the Monarchy, she would be stopped immediately.  Even if it was Sheridan to find out…Ren wasn’t sure she would be able to go alone.



Chapter 21

Ren sat with her nose in a book a day later, unable to come up with a good enough plan to escape the watchful eye of the Monarchy or the Sisterhood.  If she was going to do anything, now was the best time to do it, and the encompassing tree line was only a taunting reminder of her cowardice.  
Sheridan, Elian, and Garret weren’t around to watch her, so she could easily start walking into the forest to find what she wanted.  After Ross had returned yesterday with the cake he announced he was joining the Guardship, and today was his swearing-in ceremony.  Ren thought it was odd that they made the oath before any actual training, but it was their way.  So it was suggested that Elian go to show his support, and also announce that everyone on Novae would be wearing communicators.  Sheridan wanted to stay with Ren and ensure her safety, but she insisted Sheridan leave.  Though Ren wouldn’t be surprised if she took one step into the trees and Sheridan popped up to drag her back to the manor.  To “safety”.
Which made right now Ren’s only moment to get away and find the rebels; to find Kian, to be exact.  She was certain that if the Sisterhood wasn’t willing to help, then he would be.  Any kind of help would be appreciated right now, but her feet wouldn’t move.  She’d never gone into the forest alone, and the thought of running into more arenthrope made her heart jump into her throat.  The jade dagger from the Sisterhood wasn’t going to be enough protection and she wasn’t exactly sure where the camp was.
“What are you reading?” Naomi asked.
Ren jerked her head up to find her old advisor there, smiling down on her as if nothing had happened between here and Earth.  For a moment Ren wanted to reply about a paper she’d once worked on, but it felt like ages ago that she’d written anything.  She set the book in her lap.  “Just the history of World War IV.”
“Ah.”  Naomi nodded and sat on the stone bench beside Ren.  “Looking up espionage tactics then?”
Ren shrugged, but that was exactly what she’d been doing.  “I never got the chance to read up on it back on Earth.  It’s interesting what they did when they didn’t have much technology to help spy on everyone.”
“Sometimes people need to be watched,” Naomi said, “so they don’t get hurt.”
Furrowing her brow Ren stared at the trees.  She didn’t want to see what kind of face Naomi was making or figure out why this was such a sudden change from the other night.  Maybe she’d been wrong in thinking Naomi would help her.
“I’ve learned that sometimes it’s better to be on the outside,” Ren said, “where nobody can see you.”
“You’d rather hide than fight?”
Ren thought a moment.  “I’d rather avoid the fight.”
Naomi chuckled.  “Sometimes fighting can be good; it doesn’t have to end in bloodshed you know.  Sometimes people need to fight for what they want, for the change they want.”  She tapped Ren’s shoulder and made Ren face her.  “Sometimes fighting is the right choice.”  She arched her eyebrows.
Ren didn’t understand.  But when Naomi stood and said, “Elian and Garret won’t be back until after dark, so use your time wisely, okay?  Those ceremonies go on for a while, apparently.”  She nodded at the book.  
Absently nodding her head, Ren watched as Naomi walked away.  There was a message in her words, Ren knew that much, but all she thought it said was to fight for something.  Ren didn’t want to fight, she just wanted to ensure the Monarchy no longer had control over Novae; and she didn’t want there to be a battle.  Novae would surely lose against the scow armies.
Naomi had given her the push she needed though, and Ren set the book on the bench.  There was plenty of time to find Kian and find out what his plans were.  Ren stood, her vigour and determination renewed to find a solution.



Chapter 22

Ren was lost.  No matter how hard she tried to get to the ruins she couldn’t figure it out in the forest.  Every tree looked the same as the one she’d seen an hour ago, and the dwindling sunlight was making it harder to navigate.  Night was getting close and she knew that it was only the leaves covering her tracks, but the thought of being unable to find her way back scared her. 
What if she could never get back to Mahendra and Elian?  What would he think?
Asking Sheridan or Abetha to come with her and miss the swearing-in ceremony seemed selfish, and she couldn’t do it.  Ross had finally been released and was going to join the Guardship.  Ren couldn’t ask either of them to leave that.  Mainly because of her feelings of guilt, but also because she knew Sheridan would try to stop her.
She needed to find the ruins herself and hoped to learn a bit about what the Sisterhood was hiding.  The only thing Ren could think the Sisterhood would hide had to do with the rebels and the Monarchy.  Kian seemed to know, and maybe he would be willing to tell her, if she offered him something in return. What that might be however, she had no idea.  The rebels must have needed food, or clean water, or some kind of supplies; she hoped it would be something simple like that.  Something she wouldn’t have to think twice about handing over.
Biting down on her bottom lip Ren searched for anything she could recognize.  It looked very different in the forest during the day, and without anyone else around the subtle sound of the birds were beginning to become overwhelming.  She took a few more steps before thinking, Have I seen that fallen tree before?
It looked familiar, much like everything else.  Ren groaned but kept moving.  If anything she knew moving would be her only option.  Maybe she’d get lucky and stumble upon the rebels, or find she’d somehow turned herself around and ended up back at the manor.  Either way moving was her only option.
After a few minutes Ren could hear the sound of trickling water.  The more she moved the louder it grew, and soon it was a roar.  It echoed all around her, and for a moment she thought she was wrong and it was a creature there to kill her.  She reminded herself of the Howling Jade Abetha had mentioned, and started in a run.  Why she was so hurried to see some water was beyond her, but it could, at the very least, be used as a landmark.
Dashing through the trees, Ren leapt into a patch of dense thorns.  Scratching at her skin, they dug in tight, and with some struggling Ren stumbled into a clearing.  She picked the thorns from her skin as best she could and found they hadn’t gone in too deep at least.
When she looked up at what she expected to be a waterfall or an entrance to the Undercurrent she gaped.  “Oh my God,” she whispered.
A waterfall she found, but what it coated was something very unnatural.  The boxy exterior and clunky metalwork told Ren more than enough, but the words written across the side of the ship that sat propped against the waterfall was reassurance.
“The Absolution,” Ren said.  “How—?”
Ren thought of all the warnings she’d gotten, and how nobody was willing to go into the “dangerous” territory of the ruins and find the ship.  It was locked away, lost forever because the people of Novae didn’t care to learn anything more about it.  They had their Beginning, and that was all they wanted, or so they said.  Ren didn’t believe it.
Water crashed atop the Absolution and when she moved closer to it, shuffling her feet over the grass and dirt, Ren saw that it trickled down, meaning most of the water went inside and through the ship to connect to the river below.
Forgetting her original plan, Ren was overcome with curiosity.  The people of Novae might not want to learn why the scow crashed, or why their ancestors didn’t try to get help, but she did.  There had to be some kind of record and maybe it would tell Ren how they’d cloaked the planet.  Or where the planet had vanished to all those years ago.
Her heart leapt into her throat, and a smile grew on her face.  She ran forward, forgetting about the minor pain in her arms and legs, and searched for a way inside.  It was a miracle that the water hadn’t destroyed the hull, with hundreds of years pounding down onto the scow.  It should have been scrap by now, or at least very close.
Moving forward Ren stepped onto the rocks that coated the small river.  They were round and slippery, and after two steps she fell in hard.  She cried out, but quickly stood and brushed herself off.  Nothing was going to stop her from getting inside the scow.
As Ren came to the Absolution she could feel heat emanating from it, an unnatural warmth.  There was no way it was coming from the ship, she thought.  It had to have been dead for years.  Yet there it was.  She placed her hands against the metal and felt its heat.
“You’re still on,” she mused.  “How is that possible?”
A power supply that lasted hundreds of years wasn’t something Ren had ever heard of.  She furrowed her brow and started moving around the ship.  Careful to step around the rocks, Ren felt the cold begin to soak into her feet.
She couldn’t tell if the ship was on its side or straight up, and getting in was beginning to become a problem.  Clearly most of it was embedded into the ground, but she couldn’t see an entrance.  She’d only ever been Transported onto a ship; walking on was a thing of the past.  And even as an archaeology student, Ren hadn’t studied too many ancient scows.
Her wristwatch beeped as it linked to something.  Glowing a pale blue, it came up with a code that she didn’t recognize.  Elian might have been able to decipher it but the best Ren could do was tell that it had somehow connected to a scow server.
Ren twisted her neck behind her and then to the sky but there wasn’t a scow in sight.  Unless…she pressed the button, and the Transporter shot her onto the ship.
It wasn’t nice and easy like with Maks’s scow.  This system was old, made during the time when Transporters were just being developed.  As she was pulled into the darkness Ren fell to her knees, her stomach rolling.  After a few gasps of air she threw up her breakfast, unable to even attempt to keep it down.  She never thought she would consider Maks’s scow “nice and easy”.
Wiping at her mouth, Ren stood and surveyed her surroundings.  She was definitely on the scow, that much she could tell, but she wasn’t sure where.  When her eyes adjusted to the dimmer lights she thought it might be the mess hall.  Everything that had once been in the room was thrown to the left, and Ren realized she was starting to slide there as well.  Tilting her centre of balance as best she could she moved towards the nearest door, where she spotted a flickering light.
Her first priority was multiple things; everything about finding the Absolution felt important, so much so that she had long forgotten about finding the ruins and contacting Kian.  It wasn’t even in her mind, or the fact that she didn’t know exactly how to get out either.  She wanted to find records from when the ship had crashed, and if they’d made a distress call or not.  She wanted to find what was powering the ship, and if it could be used to help the universe in other ways.  Because a power source that lasted hundreds of years was something the universe sorely needed.
Wading through the ankle-deep water, Ren tried to make her way to the command deck.  If she could get there, and it wasn’t submerged or too damaged, she might be lucky enough to search through the records.  Although she didn’t know exactly how the first scows were powered, or how to navigate through their systems.
“Elian you would love this,” she muttered.  He might not get excited about the history of the ship, but he would love to study the technology outside of a museum.  Ren was still holding on to who her brother used to be, and not who he was becoming.
Maybe telling him about the Absolution would spark memories of how much he loved to build strange little gadgets and discover the unknown.  She missed the brother who always looked forward, while she was looking back.
All the doors were open, at least the ones she could see.  Some of them were temporary bedrooms, while others led to more hallways.  Doing her best to remember how to get around on more recent scows, Ren took what she hoped weren’t random directions.  Eventually she found a room that caught her eye, with papers and books strewn about.
She stepped inside, moving along the metal floors as best she could with wet shoes.
It looked like some kind of laboratory, one that dealt with keeping the scow in top shape—not its crew.  A grey cabinet had fallen on its side, its drawer’s open to reveal more papers, dry ones at that.  Ren started flipping through them, hoping they were some kind of records or first hand account of what the Absolution was doing in this part of the universe.  It had been so long since she had flipped through actual papers—not a book, not a computer—just a pile of papers.  It was oddly calming to Ren.
Nothing, just schematics for the scow.  Ren folded a few up and pocketed them, planning on giving them to Elian when she got back to the manor.  If I get back, she thought.  Shaking away the negative thoughts Ren started to leave when she noticed a corkboard on the wall by the door.  She hadn’t noticed it coming in, and she took a closer look.
Boxes and lines and impossible equations coated the surface in what looked like ink.  She had thought it would be pencil, or at least faded away from its time on the damp ship, but there it was, in perfect condition.
It looked shockingly similar to the cloaking device Elian had been playing with weeks earlier.  The same round bulb sat on top of the three prongs, and the diagrams looked too close to the ones she’d seen growing up.  Ren traced her index finger along the lines, feeling the raised ink as it glided across the paper.
She stopped on a set of numbers.  2114.  Two years before cloaking had ever been discovered.
Her eyes darted across the page, studying the numbers and lines but unable to make real sense of them.  “The first schematic,” she breathed.  The Absolution had that kind of technology already?  Ren shook her head and took the paper down.
Was this the secret that nobody on Novae wanted to acknowledge?  Was Elian’s theory about the ship crashing and cloaking a planet actually correct?  Ren stood a moment in the water, wondering why the Monarchy wouldn’t come out with the cloaking technology earlier if they’d had it.
Only one reason came to mind; because they didn’t want to.  Ren racked her brain for every excuse she could think of; the technology wasn’t perfected so they didn’t let anyone know about it, or they didn’t want their enemies at the time to know what they were capable of, but it all seemed too weak.
Unless they didn’t know about it, Ren thought.  Unless whoever drew these schematics was the real inventor and—a clunk down the hall interrupted her thoughts.
Her heart skipped a beat before she could breathe again.  Another clunk came through, and then another, and then she heard someone walking through the water.  Pressing against the wall, Ren didn’t know who to expect to come through the scow; or how they got in for that matter.
She looked around the room for anything that might be used as a weapon and came up with nothing.  Whoever was on the Absolution with her had to be from the Monarchy, otherwise how did they get on without the Transporter link?
Fear rose into her throat and she thought she might throw up again.  The footsteps continued down the hall, hesitating only a moment as they walked past each door.  Ren prayed they weren’t poking their heads in to check for anything, and when they came to her door she held her breath.  Her fingertips began to turn white as she tried to grip the wall, pressing her nails in so hard they could have snapped off if they were any weaker.  When the footsteps continued Ren soon heard clunking metal, and listened as the person descended to the lower levels with the ladder.
She released a shaky breath but didn’t move for a few minutes.  When she was certain nobody else was around she carefully peered around the corner.  The water had already stilled, and whoever was there was long gone.  Still, she thought it would be best to minimize her movements to ensure she wasn’t heard.
Taking another look at the schematics she grabbed them off of the board.  Folding it gingerly, she held onto them to ensure they didn’t crumple or tear.  She continued her search for anything that was powering the ship, or the command deck.
After a long hour of searching one floor, Ren knew she had to go up if she wanted to find the evidence she required.  The only way to do that was with the ladder, the same one the intruder had used.  She bit her bottom lip and stared at it, wondering if whoever was there had left already.  Peering down the shaft she couldn’t see any light or anything to tell her where the person had gone.
So she stuck a foot on a rung, and began to climb.  It was difficult with wet shoes, but she kept her grip tight, and pressed the schematics between her teeth.  This was something she’d always dreamed of doing; discovering a lost ship and finding out what happened to it.  She always knew she would get to do it one day, she just never thought the circumstances would be so dire.  She didn’t think it would be important to anyone currently alive.
It was awkward climbing as she was.  Ren was pushed onto her stomach more than anything, and every so often her legs would give in to gravity and threaten the smash against the metal.  
By the time Ren climbed up two floors she awkwardly got out of the shaft.  Her knees were sore from digging into the rungs but she’d found the main command deck, with the centred captains chair, and the surrounding crews spots.  The front window was cracked, with water pouring over it; when Ren got a closer look, climbing over the chairs and controls, she saw the water wasn’t actually coming into the scow; it was gliding right over the shield.  It must have activated over the window when it broke, and diverted power to keeping the one area safe.
“Why are there so many fields on this planet?” Ren grumbled.  And more importantly, how was this one still functioning?  At least it explained why the ship was in such good shape.  Taking a breath, Ren sat at the main control panel, forcing herself to not try to stand on the floor.  It was impossible with the angle.  She watched the clear water fall over the field, and thought the sky looked beautiful behind it.  The blue wavered to and fro, and the sunlight danced at all angles.
As she leaned back her hand pressed against the console and she heard the click of a button.  It wasn’t the best move she could make, considering she knew how sensitive everything was, and she swore under her breath.  The console came to life, illuminated in red, blue, and purple.  Ren climbed around, hoping she’d gotten lucky and she could find some kind of log about the crash.
Jamming her foot against the immobile chair and the crooked floor, Ren looked at the screen.  It crackled and fizzed, the power barely coming through.  She flipped through multiple logs, finding the ones when the ship had first launched, and found the Captain hopeful and full of fervour.  She stood and listened to each recording, and with each one she heard the Captains tone grow darker and darker.
“Captain Brackenreed, Absolution’s Log,” she said, her tone more sorrowful than the last.  “It’s been two days since Dr. Husher has shown me her latest invention…and given me an ultimatum.  I have one day to decide where my loyalties lie.”  The recording crackled out of focus a moment when the captain’s face came on screen, no longer just a voice.  Ren saw a woman with her hair tied back into a tight bun, eyes dim even on the black and white screen.  She licked her lips.  “If Husher is wrong then we will surely die on this new planet; Novae, she’s calling it.  But if she’s right…”  She gave a wispy smile, her wishful thoughts coming through.  Her voice became a whisper, “If she’s right we could be free.”
Ren shivered with a sudden chill.  The recording cut out and the next never played.  “Come on,” Ren whispered, “what happened to you?”  She scrolled through the archives but couldn’t find anything recorded after that.
Frustrated, and completely out of her archeologist mindset, Ren smacked an open palm against the control board.  It beeped again, as did her bracelet.  Something cracked ahead of her, but she was too distracted to notice.
A scream erupted from the console and Captain Brackenreed came on, her face covered in blood.  Her breathing was heavy as she gripped her side.  Behind her people scattered, running back and forth and shouting commands.  The scow was crashing.  “This is the Absolution; our engines are failing, a piece of the console has been stolen.”  She stared straight ahead, her eyes no longer darting around.  “Someone aboard has sabotaged us.”  She took a deep, unsteady breath.  “May God have mercy on us,” she said, “I did not take Husher’s deal.”  She groaned and leaned back in her chair.  “It wasn’t fair—they didn’t want this!  We didn’t want this!”
Pulling an old pistol from her holster, Ren watched as Captain Brackenreed pointed it somewhere Ren couldn’t see.  A shot was fired but it wasn’t from her gun; a small red hole appeared over the captain’s heart, and she slumped in the chair.
“Traitor,” a woman said.  “I’m no traitor.  You there!  Get in that chair and land this ship—!”  The recording cut out again, and Ren didn’t search for any more.
One breath.  Two breaths.  Three breaths later Ren was able to tear her eyes away from the static on the screen.  She’d found exactly what she’d wanted but it still didn’t make her feel better.  Her initial excitement at finding the Absolution was long gone.  She bit down on her lower lip, scrunching the schematics in her hand when she heard another large snap.
The field that covered the window began to fail.  The water had become too much for the shields, and it had already begun to leak through.  Ren shifted her foot and felt the water already trickling past her toes.
The ship creaked again, shifting to the weight of the water as it pounded down on the scow.  Ren moved forward as fast as she could, waiting for the moment the field would fall and she’d be tossed back by the rush of water.
She made it to the broken window, climbing carefully onto the front before the field completely fell.  The sudden sound of harsh water surprised Ren even though she’d been expecting it, and it smashed down into the scow with more weight than she’d thought possible.  Ren lost her grip on the metal and flew down to the rocks below.  She was sloppy and disorganized but she managed to roll forward, saving herself from any broken bones.  It didn’t help her stop from twisting her leg the wrong way.  Pain shot through her centre but as she tried to scream water blocked her voice.
Sputtering Ren moved out of the spray of the falls, and crawled onto the grass.
“I was going to try to catch you,” a voice said, “but I thought you might not learn to wander off alone if you landed on your ass.”  Ren jerked her head up to find Sheridan standing over her, arms crossed.
“I probably wouldn’t have learned,” Ren replied, still coughing.  She sounded just like Naomi when she talked like that.  Naomi never would have said it about herself; Ren however…
Sheridan pushed her hand in front of Ren’s face, and Ren gratefully took it.  “Was it worth risking your life?”
Ren had crushed the schematics in her hand and they were soaking wet now too.  She unraveled them once she was able to stand and stop coughing, and found the ink hadn’t run too much.  “Maybe.”  Her hand dropped to her side, the edge of the paper reaching her ankles.  “Was that—never mind.”  She almost thought it had been Sheridan inside the scow, but there’s no way it could have been.
Sheridan tilted her head.  “Was that what?”
Ren shook her head and wish she had bitten her tongue sooner.  “I thought someone was on the scow with me—but I never saw anyone.”  There was absolutely no way it had been her imagination, but Ren wanted to believe it had been.  There wasn’t anyone on Novae that she could think of who would be on that scow.  “I need to go to the Sisterhood.”
“As I recall you were rejected,” Sheridan said, a hint of teasing in her tone.  
“That doesn’t matter,” Ren replied.  “They need this, and I need to talk to them.  I think there might be a solution to their ‘problem’.”
Sheridan nodded and didn’t ask anymore.  She only started leading Ren to the Undercurrent.



Chapter 23

It wasn’t hard for Ren to understand why the Sisterhood would hide such an intricate piece of technology at first, but now?  Now felt like a time to get moving, to create a plan to get the device fixed rather than just sit around and pretend everything was fine.
Ren hated how they’d kept it hidden from her for so long, because it was the only thing she could think of that might help get Novae out from under the Monarchy’s thumb.  It was the only way the people of Novae would be able to return to their lives before Elian had found the planet, and the Monarchy had made up the ruse that it belonged to their family based on a tiny piece of barely legible paper.
Of course, they only said that because Maks was their loyal Admiral, and they thought they could control him and his family.  They learned the hard way that they couldn’t, and Ren was going to make sure they knew that about the Argents.
Before she could give the Monarchy a piece of her mind, she had to give it to Enn and Tansy.  They were the ones hiding the “problem” as Abetha referred to it, and refused to get help.  The Sisterhood seemed to cause more problems than they fixed.
Ren found them in the Undercurrent, in the cave filled with crystals and gems of all colours.  They were just leaving a hidden room, another secret door at least seven feet off the ground; nobody would find that by accident.  Ren watched as they jumped down, leaving behind the shimmering field to protect it.
“Is that where it is then?” Ren called out.  Tansy startled while Enn merely turned.  Neither of them said a word, too surprised by her presence.  Or maybe it was also because Sheridan had caught up with her, and refused to leave her alone again no matter how many times Ren claimed she was fine.  It was obvious she was furious.
They met in the middle of the room, rainbows shining all around them from an unknown light source.  Ren didn’t bother looking for it this time.
“What are you doing here?” Enn asked, staring down Sheridan.  “Tans?”
“I know,” Tansy replied.  “Ren you know better than to bring her here.”  There was a hint of venom in her tone, even at her own niece.  “Only members—”
Ren sneered.  “I don’t care about your politics Tansy, I care about this.”  She pulled the schematics of the device from her pocket and unfolded it, shoving it in their faces.  “How long has the Sisterhood known about this?  How long have you been hiding it here rather than using it?”
“Where did you get this?” Enn shouted.  She ripped the paper from Ren’s hands, her eyes hungrily reading the equations.  “This is incredible.”
Tansy took a glance at the diagram but didn’t answer.
“Aunt Tans,” Sheridan said.
She sighed and rolled her head back, as if stretching.  “If we had not hidden it then somebody else would have used it.”
“Maybe someone should,” Ren said.  “If it can cloak the planet like it did when the Absolution crashed, then maybe it can again.  Did it turn off when you found it?  Did you not think to leave it alone so the Monarchy wouldn’t find you?”
Enn huffed.  Tansy said, “You don’t know what you’re talking about, Princess.”
“I know damn well what I’m talking about!” Ren shouted.  Her hands were in fists, her anger unraveling.  “You could have—”
“We were keeping it alive,” Tansy interrupted.  “The Sisterhood has been looking after the Husher device for centuries to ensure Novae was never found again.  While all the citizens were worried about the Beginning and the End we watched over it.  We were the ones repairing it, finding ways to keep it powered.  So don’t you dare accuse us of turning it off.”
Ren flinched back and Sheridan set a hand on her shoulder.  After a moment of stunned silence Ren shook it off.  “Why isn’t it working then?  Why was Novae found?”
Enn pursed her lips together.  “It broke.”
Ren’s thoughts whirled.  Sheridan questioned, “How can a device that worked for hundreds of years just break?”
“Gee, maybe because it’s hundreds of years old?” Enn suggested the obvious.  “It seems fine, it just won’t turn on.  The power source is…gone.  It won’t take in any more power.”
“Those are two different things,” Ren stated.
“Before the Monarchy first arrived the power source seemed to be dwindling,” Tansy explained.  “And eventually it shut off altogether.  We had backups, and we tried to use them but…it just isn’t working.”  She sighed.
“Why didn’t you say something sooner?” Ren asked, although she knew why.  They didn’t trust her, not completely.  They might have led her to believe that they did, and done a very convincing show when they let her Rush the Sisterhood, but in the end she was part of the Monarchy.  “Elian could help.”
“No,” Tansy stated.  “He is not to be involved in this.  You weren’t even supposed to know.  How did you find out?”  Ren saw her try not to look at Enn, but it was there, that small flick of her eyes.
“And this,” Enn said.  “Where did you find this?  And why is it wet?”
Ren didn’t want to tell them about the ship.  She didn’t know what they would do with the information, even though she couldn’t think of anything too bad that could be done.  “On the Absolution,” she eventually admitted.
Enn’s eyes widened.  “Our ancestors ship?”
Ren nodded.  “It was in a room with a few other diagrams—I couldn’t make sense of them but this one seemed most important.  It was the only one hanging on the wall.”
“I’ve never seen these equations before,” Enn said.  “Maybe they’ll help us figure it out.”  She turned without another word and headed towards the secret room.  Ren and Sheridan watched her as she climbed atop a couple of larger crystals and jumped through the field, one that gave no resistance.  It was simply an illusion.
Tansy stayed, but she didn’t seem interested in the schematics.  Ren said, “Elian could help—he’s brilliant.”
Tansy’s lips pursed.  There was no way she was going to allow Elian to look at the Husher device, and maybe all of the Sisterhood thought that way. 
“He is preparing for war,” Tansy said, “if he finds this we don’t know what he’ll do.”
“He’ll help,” begged Ren.  “I know he will.”
“Like he helped Ross by imprisoning him, or by strapping tracking bracelets onto every Novaean?”  Tansy held up her wrist, her watch a bright white.  “He is one of them.  The only reason we’re able to be here is because Enn managed to block the signal for a short while.”
Ren wanted to slap her.  She wanted Tansy to admit she was wrong for hiding so much, and for her to try to work towards solving the problem rather than making it worse.  Sheridan put her hand on Ren’s shoulder again, as if sensing her feelings.  Her nails dug in, and that’s when Ren realized it was a warning to be careful.
“I believe Elian would be willing to hide the planet again,” Sheridan said.  “He is not like the Monarchy.”
Tansy stood strong against her niece.  “My answer is no.”
“Why not let everyone decide?”
The three turned towards the entrance to find Keturah coming inside with Abetha.  They each had their own watches on and it worried Ren that they did; if the Monarchy was tracking their every move, hers included, would they notice that they disappeared under a field?  She needed to ask Naomi.
“I think I speak well enough for everyone,” Tansy said.  “Unless you want to allow the King and the Monarchy inside the Sisterhood as well?”
“I do not,” Keturah said.  “I would, however, allow Elian Argent.”
“He is the King,” Tansy growled.  The lines on her forehead deepened as she furrowed her brow.  
“He is a boy trying to make his father proud,” Keturah replied.  “And I believe that he would understand exactly how to do that.  By fixing the Husher device.  Maks might have been a soldier, a misguided man in an unfamiliar situation, but he was not a monster.  I believe he tried to do good with his final actions.”
Ren’s heart swelled at the kind words for her father and she nodded her head at Keturah in thanks.
Tansy’s lips formed a thin line as her world began to crumble.  After years of keeping men out, after believing for decades that the Sisterhood would always know the answer, and fix the problems, it had to be hard to accept help from the outside.  Especially when the outside was so closely related to the enemy.
“Tans,” Sheridan said, her voice low so that only Tansy and Ren could hear.  “It’s the only way.”
“We can find a way to uncover his loyalties,” Keturah assured her partner.  She looked to Ren.  “Don’t you agree?”
“Yes,” Ren breathed.  Her heart was starting to calm down, but her hands wouldn’t stop shaking from the anger and adrenaline.  She hadn’t thought she would actually slap Tansy, but she was getting close to her boiling point.  And if it overflowed it wouldn’t be just a slap.
Keturah looked to Tansy.  “Continue working on the Husher while Ren works on ensuring Elian will keep it from the Monarchy.”
Ren could see the words running through Tansy’s mind.  He is the Monarchy.  But with elegance she lifted her nose into the air and turned towards the secret room, maybe ready to try a little harder.  Ren hoped the schematics she’d found would help, but it made her think of something else.
“The scow was powered on,” she said.  “Could that be why there’s no power going to the device?”
Keturah narrowed her eyes.  “I would need to see it myself to know exactly what is powering it.  Did you find the source?”
If she had, Ren hadn’t noticed it.  After hearing the recording of the crash she couldn’t stomach to do anything else, and she just wanted off the scow.  She shook her head.
Keturah thought a moment then sighed.  “I cannot go now, I have a meeting in Mahendra that cannot be missed.”  Her eyes fell to the bracelet around her wrist—even without the meeting she wouldn’t have been able to go.
“Then I can go,” Ren suggested.  “Sheridan and I can try to find the source, and come back to you.”
There was a moment of hesitation before Keturah replied.  “Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
Soon Keturah nodded.  “Whatever you find, don’t touch it.  I don’t want to risk damaging it by bringing it here.”
“Of course,” Sheridan agreed.  As they left Ren wanted to ask what Enn might be able to do with the schematics, but there wasn’t much time before sunset and she didn’t want to be in the forest overnight again.  When she stepped into the dwindling sunlight it occurred to her that she hadn’t asked if Sheridan actually wanted to go.
“You don’t have to come,” Ren said, knowing she would go no matter what Ren said.  
“I want to,” she replied.
They started walking into the forest, and Ren found she was starting to recognize certain landmarks.  There were notches on the trees that were all unique, and certain fallen branches that reminded her of how to get back to Mahendra.  From that, she now had a map in her head, telling her exactly where to go to find the Absolution.
The further they walked the more she questioned Sheridan’s motivations.  It didn’t feel like she was staying with Ren because of the original order from Maks, but she didn’t seem as determined to help Novae as the rest of the people did.  She didn’t speak negatively about the Monarchy, nor did she seem in line with the rebels.
“Is something wrong?” Sheridan asked.  They were walking side-by-side, no longer having one trail after the other.
“I was just thinking about whose side you’re on,” Ren admitted.  She stuck her hands into her pants pockets, finding something she hadn’t noticed before.  Pulling out a piece of string attached to the arenthrope tooth.  A long, savage necklace.
“There are no sides here,” Sheridan said.  “Only beliefs.”
She looked at the tooth rather than Sheridan, knowing that she would have that same blank expression she always did.  It was confusing to look at Sheridan sometimes; she always made Ren question everything.
“Did you do this?” Ren asked, ignoring their previous conversation.
“Lt. Bauer,” Sheridan stated.
“Naomi?  When?”  Ren inspected the newly cleaned tooth, and the tiny holes that had been drilled into it to ensure it wouldn’t fall from the string.
“Lt. Bauer often brings your clothes for cleaning,” he said, “she found it and asked what it was.  Abetha explained it to her.”
So much happened when Ren wasn’t looking, it was unnerving.  She’d had no idea that Naomi was the one that brought out her clothes to be cleaned, and probably returned them to her room.  Naomi’s words resonated in her head and she still thought Naomi was wrong.  Ren didn’t think there was ever a time when fighting was okay.
She put the necklace on anyway.  It wasn’t going to be a symbol of her fighting abilities, or an agreement that fighting was the right thing to do, but of the fact that Ren now knew what she was capable of.  She wasn’t the mousy bookworm that people always seemed to think; she could hold her own when necessary, but only when necessary.  Now was necessary.
“How come you never told me Kian was your brother?”
Sheridan halted.  “Did Tansy tell you that?”
“No,” Ren replied, stopping.  They stared at each other beneath the heavy leaves, a single streak of light shining across Sheridan’s eyes to make them glow.
“It’s not something I thought was necessary.”
“Seriously?”  Ren gawked.  “He was one of my suitors—the only one I actually…”  She couldn’t think of the right words.
“Could stand?” Sheridan suggested.  “It would have only complicated things; you would have tried to make us talk.”
“I—probably would have.”  Ren crossed her arms.  “I just thought…I thought you could talk to me.  I thought you knew that.”
“I do.”  Sheridan ran her fingers lightly through her hair.  “You’re the first friend I’ve had on Novae that didn’t try so hard to make me talk.”  She shrugged.  “I didn’t want to ruin that.”
Ren snorted a laugh.  “You like me because I don’t make you talk?”
“You accept silence,” Sheridan replied.  “Not many people can do that.”
There was a small smile on Ren’s lips.  “You aren’t close with him, are you?”
“No.”
Ren nodded.  “Okay…I can understand that.”
There was a lot of history that Ren didn’t know yet.  Things must have happened between Sheridan and Kian that didn’t necessarily involve their father abandoning her.  Ren had a hint about what could have happened, but she wasn’t going to ask, not now.  Not yet.  She gestured to the invisible pathway they followed and the girls continued their journey.
Within the hour they made it to the Absolution.  It was still powered on, resonating more heat than when Ren had been there earlier.  She pressed her hands against the hull, debating on where to start.  She didn’t want to Transport in because she knew that most of the scow was underwater by now.  There was a low chance of getting lucky again and landing in a less waterlogged area.
“What could be charging the ship if it used to charge the Husher device?” she wondered aloud.  Racking her brain she didn’t think scows were powered by anything other than the batteries installed on the scow, and those didn’t last for centuries.
“Perhaps it’s wireless,” Sheridan suggested.  “Before the Monarchy came we would often charge smaller devices that way.”
Ren shook her head.  “There would be a huge heat production for something this size.  There’s no way it could—wait.  The water!”
“The water?” Sheridan repeated.  They looked to the top of the waterfall, where the water sparkled in the setting sun.  It was creating an orange glow, making the water look like liquid fire as it poured over the cliff.
“When I was on the scow the water was warm,” Ren said.  “But it shouldn’t have been.  It should have been cool, or at least the same temperature as the air yet it was warm.  If there’s an inductive charging device nearby it must be in the water, or at least nearby to make the entire ship heat up like this.  It could be what’s keeping the ship on, and drawing power away from the Husher device.”  She pressed her hands flat against the metal.  “Does the Undercurrent connect to anywhere near here?”
Sheridan glanced around.  “There could be an entrance behind the waterfall—many of the caverns in the Undercurrent connect to different entrances.  Not all of them have been explored.”
“Great,” Ren said excitedly.  She started walking to the back of the ship, trying to find a way to climb up and hopefully into a hidden cavern.  Sheridan followed behind, her eyes watchful of any nearby movement.  So far it was only a few birds that flew by, but Ren was listening for anything else.  It was hard to hear over the crashing water.
When they made it to the cliff Ren saw there was only one way in past the ship, and it was through an almost impossibly small sliver.  There was just enough space that Ren thought she could squeeze through but Sheridan was another story.
“I’ll go in,” Ren suggested.  Water poured over the opening, and as she stepped into the warm river water Sheridan grabbed onto her hand.  Not her wrist or shoulder, but her hand; it was a grasp of desperation.
Sheridan faced her.  “You shouldn’t go in alone.”
“I’m just looking for something that might power the Husher device,” she replied.  “If we can find it then maybe we can avoid a war.”
That made Sheridan drop her hand, but it still took a moment.  She turned back to the opening and took a deep breath.  
Ren didn’t plan on finding much on the other side, but she pulled the jade dagger she’d gotten as a rejection from her boot and twisted her body to get through the water.  It was tight, and the rocks scraped against her back while the ship pressed against her stomach and thighs.  Her head turned so she wouldn’t smack her nose against the metal, and after a bit of maneuvering she fell forward.  Her hands splashed down on the water, the knife skidded away into the darkness.  It was pitch black in the cavern.
“Ren,” Sheridan called.  “Are you—”
“I’m okay,” she said back.  She took a breath and nearly gagged on the smell of the algae.  It was so strong in the small area.  Suddenly she was grateful she’d decided to wear her watch, even if it did give Elian the ability to track her every movement.  She clicked on her built in flashlight.  The cavern she stood in didn’t look much different than the rest of the Undercurrent, with algae dripping along the walls and shining rocks coating the floor.  Careful as she walked, Ren searched for her fallen blade.
Across the cavern it glinted in the beam of light.  She stepped over and went to pick it up, only to notice a much larger opening on the other side of the cave; one that Sheridan could fit through.  Ren told her about it.
“Wait there,” Sheridan said.
She picked up her knife and noticed an impression in the algae; a footprint.  It was at least three sizes larger than hers.  A shock of light blinded her, and Ren heard something rush through the air.   As she fell backwards she dropped the knife, and another blade went soaring through the opening behind her.
Blinking through the dots in her vision she only recognized one thing in the darkness; long, white hair.   “Kian!” she cried.
“Princess,” he replied coolly.  “I would say I’m pleased to see you, but this is quite the inconvenience for me.  I was hoping you wouldn’t come back here after last time.  Were the schematics not enough for you?”  He sneered.
“What are you doing?” Ren questioned.  He moved forward and when she tried to stand he held up another knife.  She froze.
“I’m ensuring Novae gets what it deserves,” he said.  He pocketed a small black box, but before he did Ren saw the word “Husher” written on the side in old English.  
“The inductive charger,” she whispered.  Her eyes met Kian’s.  “Where did you get that?”
“On the ship,” he stated, “about—oh, I’d say about four months ago.”  He grinned.
Ren began to crawl back, wondering what was taking Sheridan so long to arrive.  “If you have the power source why not give it to the Sisterhood?”
Kian rolled his eyes.  Ren didn’t bother shutting hers as she crawled onto the rocks outside of the cave.  She stood slowly, watching Kian walk through the water.  He pushed his hair back, letting the water drip down his face without a care.  “That wouldn’t do me any good.”
Ren glanced at the ship for only a moment.  “You sabotaged the Husher device.”
“That’s an ugly word,” Kian retorted.  “I’m trying to do what’s best for Novae.  We’ve always known about the Monarchy but they’ve never known about us.  I thought it was time for a change, and if there’s one thing the Sisterhood hates it’s change.  They wanted to continue pulling the strings from behind the curtains—it got old.”
Looking over her shoulder Ren saw that Sheridan still hadn’t found her way over.  Something must have been wrong, because there was no way Sheridan would take that long to run around the ship, no matter how big it was.  “Who else is here?”
“Just me,” Kian said.  “The others would never follow me if they knew what I’d done.  They have an old way of thinking, too.”  He wrinkled his nose.
“So now what?”  Ren prepared herself for a fight she knew she couldn’t win.  One she’d like very much to avoid.  “You kill me and take over Novae?”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” he said.  “I plan on taking over the Monarchy.”  He looked up to the sky, as if he could see the scow that flew over the planet.  “They have things I’ve only been allowed to dream of here; with one of those scows my opportunities will be endless.”
“You uncovered Novae because you want off of it?”  Ren winced.  People were dying all because Kian wanted a road trip.
“I want away from this pathetic matriarchy.”  He shifted the blade between his fingers, preparing for another throw.  “I had hoped that my father would be put in charge, and we could eliminate the Sisterhood once and for all, but then the Monarchy put your father in charge, so I had to improvise.”
His features twisted in cruelty, and his hand rose in the air to throw the dagger directly at Ren’s throat when a bolt of light shot over her shoulder.  It blasted Kian in the chest, his eyes bulging as the knife fell into the water below.  The smoking wound smelled of burned flesh, and Kian fell forward, no longer moving or breathing.
Ren stared at him in shock a moment before turning to see who had saved her.
“Garret?” she breathed.  He stood there with a Monarchy issued gun, the kind that could easily be set to stun or kill.  Unable to look back at Kian, Ren knew that Garret hadn’t even considered setting it to stun.  In a single flash Sheridan’s brother was dead.
“Princess,” Garret said, holstering the weapon beneath his jacket.  “Your brother will be so pleased you found the Absolution without him.”  Ren nodded absently as Garret approached.  “And you discovered a traitor in our midst.”  He smiled, that fake smile that was always pasted on his lips.  Ren only nodded again.
Garret moved past her and flipped Kian onto his back.  With one hand he pulled out the power source, knowing exactly what it was.  “Wait,” Ren said.
“Hm?”  Garret looked up at her.  “You couldn’t possibly want this, could you?  After all, you’re on the Monarchy’s side, correct?  It would be a shame if Elian had to lose another family member to the rebels.”  Garret’s fingers were dancing along the buttons of his silver shirt, prepared to grab the gun again.
“You know what it is,” Ren stated.
“Of course I do,” Garret replied.  “I know everything that goes on on this planet.  The rebels, the Sisterhood.  The Monarchy has friends everywhere, you know.”  He smirked, his cruelty coming through clear.  “And I’m sure you want to make sure they aren’t a threat anymore.”
Swallowing her fear Ren agreed with him.  He had the gun, what else was she going to do?
“Excellent,” Garret said.  “I’ve only knocked your Sotarian out; why don’t we head back to Mahendra and get this to Naomi?  I’m sure the Monarchy would be very interested in such a powerful piece of technology.”  As he passed by her he patted her shoulder.
“Of course,” she whispered.  Just as he let go of her shoulder her bracelet beeped in unison with Garret’s, in close enough proximity to the transporter on the Absolution to easily get in.  She looked at Kian, and then Garret.  He hadn’t noticed the connection yet.
Ren didn’t know what overtook her then.  It didn’t feel like bravery, and it certainly didn’t feel like she was protecting herself.  It felt like anger, fury, even.  It was a horrible, sickening sensation inside her that infected her thoughts and everything she knew she was.  Everything she thought she was.
She grabbed onto Garret’s wrist, catching him off guard as she slapped the box out of his hand.  Before she let go of him she clicked the button on his watch and it beeped again.  In a bright flash Garret was transported onto the scow.  There was no way it wasn’t all under water now that the shield failed.
Her heart was thumping, smashing against her ribcage as her breathing became more and more uneven.  After a few minutes she managed to shake herself out of her haze and pick up the little black box.  Its latch was broken, so she opened it to see what this inductive power source really looked like.
It was two metal rings, with small circular crystals wrapped around them at four points.  They lit up slightly, but Ren thought they might have been dying down.  In the centre of the rings sat another crystal, one that seemed out of place.  She snapped the lid shut.
A grunt came from around the corner, and when Ren looked up she saw Sheridan limping towards her.  She hurried to Sheridan, seeing the scorching black mark where she’d been shot run up her side.  “Are you okay?”
“What happened?” she asked.  “I didn’t see anything.”
“Garret was here.”
Sheridan’s eyes fell on Kian.  
“Sheridan,” Ren whispered, “I’m sorry.”
Her eyelids low, Sheridan looked towards her feet, unable to lift her eyes to look back at Ren.  She shook her head.  “I knew this was coming for a long time; he was always so…angry.  Nothing was ever quite enough—I should have known he would do something like this…he had the power source all along, didn’t he?”
Ren explained what had happened, leaving out the part where she sent Garret to die on the scow.  With each mention of Kian’s name Sheridan’s jaw tensed and Ren knew she was holding back a scream.
“And where’s Garret now?” Sheridan questioned, swallowing each individual shout that threatened to reach out of her throat.  Her eyes were digging into Ren’s, and she thought she was begging her not to say what she’d done.
“I…he’s on the ship,” she whispered.  Her free hand clutched at the necklace so hard she thought the tooth might cut into her skin.  It stung her palm as she thought of what must have happened when Garret Transported inside.
Sheridan nodded.  “I’m sorry you had to do that.”
Ren let out a huff through her nose.  Sheridan’s brother had just died, his body was still warm behind them, and she was telling Ren she was sorry.
“I didn’t have a choice,” she said, trying to make her voice stronger than she felt.  It was the one excuse she always hated hearing; there was always a choice, no matter how hopeless everything felt.  There must have been something else she could have done.
But like with Maks, there was no time to mourn right now.  She gripped the black box in her hand.  “We need to get this to Enn; and warn the Sisterhood.”
“Warn them of what?”  She held her stomach, her injuries worse than Ren first thought.
“There’s a spy in the Sisterhood.”



Chapter 24

Back in Mahendra Ren couldn’t find anyone that was part of the Sisterhood.  Nobody that had access to the machine, anyway, and so there was nothing she could do with the power source.  She felt dirty just holding it, partly because of who had created it, and partly because of how she’d gotten her hands on it.
“Abetha,” Ren called up to the window at the front of the inn.  “We need to use your—room.”
The door opened and a sleepy-eyed Abetha appeared.  She rubbed at her face, and Ren was surprised she’d been sleeping.  How could she when so much was going on?
“Come on, then,” Abetha prodded.  She led Ren and Sheridan to the veranda where the EM field shimmered lightly.  It looked like it was losing some of its power.  “Do you want a towel?”
Most of Ren’s clothes had dried off on the walk back, but she nodded.  Her hair was still wet, and with the cooler temperature she worried that it was going to freeze soon.  Abetha returned and Ren took the large fluffy towel from her.
Rubbing it on her hair she said, “I found what the Husher device needs to work again.”
Abetha’s eyes widened.  “That is—”
“Now we can cloak the planet again, and Novae will be safe!”  She found herself smiling.  “Things can return to normal.”
Taking a deep breath Abetha shook her head.  “I don’t think you understand how things were.”  She sat down at the small chair beside her, signaling for Ren to do the same.  When she didn’t Sheridan put a hand on her shoulder and gently pressed down, forcing her into the chair.  When she finally did sit she realized how exhausted her legs were.
“You won’t have to deal with the Monarchy anymore though,” Ren murmured.  Her hands had slowed as she pressed the towel against her hair.
“Novae had other problems,” Abetha stated.  “The Sisterhood always had control of the Prime Minister and all of Novae’s power; they ensured that nobody advanced because they feared that should we start, we would want to explore.”
“They didn’t want the Monarchy finding them,” Ren said.
Abetha nodded.  “They’ve always taken care of me, they’re like my family—but I’m worried that if the Husher device is working again they won’t change.  That they won’t learn from this.”
“We have to try,” Ren argued.  “If we don’t then nothing will ever change.  The Monarchy will stay in power, and Elian will—he won’t be Elian.”  Ren stood, dropping the towel into the chair.  “I’m going to talk to him.”
Abetha stood.  “I’ll join you.  But remember…if Garret is there, anyone could be listening.”
Ren flinched.  “He won’t be.”
Abetha’s eyes narrowed, but she didn’t question anything.  Ren thought Sheridan might have signaled her not to ask, but no matter what it was Ren was grateful.  She didn’t want to say anything out loud, not yet.  If she said it out loud then that meant it was real.

“I’ve got the army coming,” Elian said, his usual exasperated grin gone.  He sat at Maks’s desk, leaning so low in the chair that Ren thought he might not have any bones in him anymore.  
“You what?” Ren asked.
Naomi stood beside him, but rather than explaining she said, “I’ll leave you alone for a while.  Sheridan, Abetha?”
The two glanced at each other and only left when Ren told them it was fine.  Sheridan leaned close to her ear and whispered, “I’m right outside.”
Ren didn’t care.  She wasn’t going to take comfort in the fact that Sheridan was standing outside the door, because she wasn’t in danger here, not with Elian.  If anything, he was in danger; in danger of losing himself, or having his big sister give him a good swat.
When the door clicked shut she requested, “Repeat what you just said.”
“I’ve got the army coming,” Elian said.  “After I put those devices on everyone I found that there are a lot more rebels than I first thought—and we found the camp in the forest.  We need the Monarchy for this, and Garret said he would get them.”
Ren’s heart skipped a beat.  “So this was Garret’s idea.”
“It was mine,” Elian confirmed.  “I don’t care if half of Novae has to be put under lock and key, they’re—”
“Who are you?” Ren questioned, her voice cracking.  “Because you are not my brother.”
Elian stood suddenly.  “And you’re not my sister!”
Ren flinched and it was the first time she thought Elian didn’t care.
“You’ve been conspiring with them,” he growled, “you’ve been working with the rebels, and with the Sisterhood to bring me down.  How could you do that to me?  To Dad?”
Ren took two steps forward until she was right in front of her brother.  She pressed her hands flat on the desk, leaning as close to him as she could get and said, “I’m doing this for you and for Dad.  And for the people of Novae and—and for myself!  Don’t you dare say I’m some kind of traitor because I am not.  The Monarchy is the one that has betrayed us.”
Elian’s breathing was shallow.  “How has the Monarchy betrayed us?  By bringing us here?  By giving us everything we could ever need and—”
“They gave the order to kill Dad.”
Elian stopped breathing.  He froze and stared at her, his eyes blank as he took that in.  Ren let him have his time and leaned away from him, her hands still on the desk.  She tapped it a few times before murmuring, “Elian?”
“Do you have proof?” he asked.  He fell into the chair behind him.
“Do I need it?”  If Elian didn’t believe her on this, if he told her to come back with some kind of evidence then she knew her brother was lost forever.  Then she knew that he was part of the Monarchy.  
“No,” he whispered.  “I just…the rebels…”  He covered his eyes.  “I don’t know what’s going on anymore.”
Ren knew what that was like.  She came around the large desk and sat on the arm of the chair, wrapping her arms around her brother.  “I have a solution, maybe.  The Sisterhood can help.”
Elian uncovered his eyes.  “What do you mean?”
“They have a device that can cloak the planet,” she revealed, “and I—”
“No,” he interrupted, “I mean how can the Sisterhood help?  I know that some of them are working against the Monarchy…but not all of them.”
“I know,” Ren agreed.  “But they have the device—we don’t have a choice, or any way to figure out who’s who.”
Elian was quiet.
“Elian?” Ren asked.  She stood and looked at her brother.
“I might know who’s been giving information to the Monarchy,” he admitted.  “She spoke with Garret this afternoon about something to do with a power supply.”
Ren shivered.  If someone had told Garret about her going to the Absolution, then it had to have been someone in the cavern with her.  There were so few suspects, and Ren didn’t like the outcome of what she was about to say.  “Tansy?”
“Keturah,” Elian revealed.  “She’s been adamant about making sure that the Monarchy knows all they can about the Sisterhood.  About who’s in the Sisterhood.”  His eyes slid towards the door. 
“But if we can get the planet cloaked, then maybe—”
“Just a basic cloak won’t work,” Elian said.  “They could still land if they figure out the right coordinates.  Or they could just blow us up; a cloak isn’t the same as a shield.”
Ren bit her lip; she hadn’t thought of that.  The first time the planet had been cloaked was when that technology didn’t even exist.  Any scows sent to find the planet wouldn’t have thought to try anything other than flying by, and at the time even that was difficult.  “Then what?”
Elian shook his head.  “I don’t know.”  A pause.  “Did they really kill—I just don’t know.  I…I need to sleep.”
“Of course,” Ren said immediately.  This was urgent, but Elian was useless if he didn’t get some sleep soon.
“You should try it yourself,” Elian suggested as he stood.  “You look a little…disheveled.”
Ren glanced down at her wrinkled clothes and the dirt that caked her from head to toe.  “I will,” she promised.  But first she wanted to figure out a solution to the Husher device and what to do next.
In the hallway Sheridan and Abetha were waiting patiently, each of them leaning against the opposite wall.  When they saw Ren they each stopped pretending the paintings were more interesting than the conversation between the siblings, and straightened.  Elian gave them a nod before shambling away, a zombie of his former self that Ren hoped would come back soon.  When he was out of earshot Abetha asked, “What did he say?”
Ren took a deep breath.  “There’s a scow fleet on it’s way here, and that even if we can cloak with the device it doesn’t mean much.”  Ren sank to the ground, crouching as she tried to think of something.  “Hiding isn’t going to work anymore.”
Not that it seemed to do much good in the first place.  She stood again.  “Keturah is the spy in the Sisterhood; she told Garret where I was going today.”
Sheridan’s fists tightened.  Abetha looked away, brow furrowed.
“You need to rest,” Abetha said.  “I’ll deal with Keturah.”
“I can’t ask you to do that,” Ren began, but found her words didn’t have as much power as she would have liked.
“I will go with Ross,” she replied.  “And Sheridan will stay with you.”
Reluctantly, Ren nodded, because her vision was already starting to waver.  Abetha left and Ren hadn’t asked what she was going to do.  Climbing the stairs to her room, Ren wanted to ask what Sheridan thought she should do next.
“We should get Enn here in the morning,” Ren suggested aloud, only because she wanted to make one last decision before passing out.  “She and Elian might be able to come up with something…to…make all this work.”  She shrugged at her doorway.
“Goodnight,” Sheridan said, pushing her into her room when she wouldn’t take that last step in.  Ren grabbed onto Sheridan’s wrist, pulling her into the room with her.
“Can you stay in here tonight?”
Sheridan paused.  “I can.  Do you think they’ll attack you here?  With Elian?”
“I just…I don’t know what to expect.  From the Monarchy or the Sisterhood.”
“I’ll stay,” Sheridan declared.
Ren lay down in bed, not bothering to change her clothes or wash the dirt out of her hair or off her skin, and passed out.  Not even the sound of the scows arriving was enough to wake her the next day.



Chapter 25

Ren awoke to find the manor guarded by scow soldiers.  None of them had entered her room but she could hear them marching below her window.  She hadn’t expected them to arrive so quickly, or to bring as many weapons as they had.  After a quick shower she peered overhead and saw the hull of a scow just below the high clouds.  She needed to find Elian and figure out how they’d gotten here so fast, and figure out what to do next before all of Novae was destroyed.
After throwing on fresh clothes, Ren searched the manor for any sign of Elian or Naomi.  The soldiers that passed by gave her nods, something she only ever saw them give Maks.  They’d never really looked at her before, and they even ignored Sheridan behind her.
Naomi was in the garden ordering the soldiers to start patrolling the forest for any signs of threats.  Human or otherwise.
“Naomi!” Ren shouted as she ran up to her old advisor.  “What’s going on?  Where did—how are they here already?”
Turning with a solemn expression Naomi just grimaced.  “Garret sent out an emergency order before he disappeared yesterday—any soldier that had served under Maks came running.  Your father was a very respected man.  The Monarchy allowed it.”
Ren bit her lip.  “Of course they would—they want to destroy everything that Novae is.”
A soldier passing by gave Ren a strange look, and Naomi ushered her towards the sitting area in the centre of the garden.  Sheridan followed closely, her eyes on each and every soldier that came near.  Naomi sat Ren down on the bench.  “This is what Elian also ordered, Ren.  Trust in—”
“I’m not going to let them attack Novae,” Ren said.  Her words were quiet, but they were enough to make Naomi pull back.  
“We aren’t attacking anything.”
“Then why bring so many weapons?” Ren questioned.  “Why appoint the commander of the Scow Army to lead a place that was lost centuries ago?  Why is the Monarchy watching us so closely, forcing the people to conform?  I know they told everyone here to play stupid so we thought they were something less than human.”
Naomi squinted her eyes.  “The Monarchy doesn’t force anyone to do anything they don’t want to; why are you acting like this?  What happened?”
“All I’m saying,” Ren went on, pointing her finger at Naomi, “is that it might be better if you and everyone that’s part of the Monarchy got off of Novae.”  Because Ren had just thought of something that might buy them enough time to protect the planet, if only temporarily.  But first she had to find Elian, and make sure it was possible.  “Tell these people to get back onto their scows.”
Naomi shook her head.  “I can’t do that; they have direct orders from the Monarchy—even if we could order them away, why?  Don’t you want Maks to be avenged?”  Her voice was quiet.
Holding her head high, Ren stared at Naomi.  “Do you really think the rebels are to blame?”
Naomi blinked.  “I think this planet is to blame.”
Ren licked her lips, trying to get through to Naomi without giving away everything.  There was a good chance that everything they were saying was being recorded by Naomi’s watch, and transmitted back to the scow above them.  “Do you remember what you told me yesterday?  Right here?”
The scow moved higher into the air, clearing way to make the sun visible.  The stained glass roof of the gazebo lit up in every colour, splashing a rainbow onto the women.  Ren didn’t bother to shield her eyes from the harsh light.
“I do,” Naomi replied.
“Well…this is me deciding to fight.  I hope you understand that.”  Ren walked away, letting her hands shake as much as they needed to.  Sheridan’s footsteps followed behind her, and for a moment Ren hoped that Naomi’s would too.  She hoped Naomi would join her in separating Novae from the Monarchy, but it would never happen.  There was never a chance that Naomi would join her…and she knew that, but she was still disappointed.  Ren rounded a corner and then leaned against the wall, trying to catch her breath.
“What are you thinking?” Sheridan asked.  She was so calm despite her planet being overrun.  
“That this is a really bad idea,” Ren replied.  She put a hand over her heart, feeling it race against her palm.  For once she didn’t want it to slow down, to relax; she needed that push.  She felt alone against an entire army.  An entire universe.
“What is?” Sheridan questioned.
Ren met his eyes.  “That if we can’t cloak Novae, maybe we can shield it.  Maybe the Husher device can be reworked to protect Novae rather than hide it.”
Sheridan studied Ren, her head tilted as she leaned against the wall as well.  “Are you sure it’s best to do that?   What if it fails again?”
Ren didn’t have an answer.
“Leaving the Monarchy means leaving everything,” Sheridan added.  “The medicine, the technology—your family.  We have a lot of things here but some things can’t be replaced.”
Ren jerked her head away and started walking.  “I’ll have Elian.”
“But you won’t have Naomi.”  Sheridan moved up beside her.  “She’s important to you.”
“What’s important to me doesn’t matter right now,” Ren said.  “The Monarchy is going to commit mass genocide across Novae and this is the one way to stop it.”
“You don’t know they’ll do that,” Sheridan argued.
And Ren didn’t know that for sure, but she knew it was most likely.  It wouldn’t be the first time the Monarchy had stepped in on a rebellious planet and all of its inhabitants were slowly killed.  It happened in uprisings and protests, in punishments and enacting new laws.  Ren had read about it one too many times and she didn’t want Novae to end up in a history book; not like that at least.
“I need to find Elian,” she stated and hurried her pace.

Ren found her brother in his room, passed out on his bed.  She hadn’t really thought he would be there, but apparently he’d done something similar to her and just fallen into bed last night.  “Wake up.”  She swatted at his leg and tossed the Husher power module onto the comforter.
Elian groggily pushed himself up.  “What’s going on?”
“The Monarchy has arrived,” Ren huffed.  “And we need to get to work.”
“I told you cloaking won’t work,” he mumbled, scratching at the back of his head.  “We’ll get blasted until we’re a black hole.”
“Maybe cloaking it isn’t the answer,” Ren said.  “Can we shield the planet instead?  Create an impenetrable barrier that the Monarchy can’t get through?”
Elian wrinkled his nose.  “You would need an insane amount of power for that, assuming something could even handle transferring that much energy.”  He glanced at his closet.  “Monica certainly couldn’t.”
“What about the Husher device?” Ren questioned.  “Maybe it could—”
“Husher device?  I’d have to see it,” Elian stopped her.  “What’s this?”  He picked up the little black box and opened it, his eyes widening.  “Where did you get—”
“It’s what originally powered the device,” Sheridan answered.  “Ren hopes it’ll be enough to shield the planet and deter the Monarchy.”  Ren shot her a look, not liking the disapproving tone she took on.
Elian caught onto it as well.  “You don’t want to shield the planet?”
“I don’t think it will solve the problem on the ground.”
“The soldiers have landed?” Elian questioned, jumping to his feet with the box in hand.  “Why didn’t anybody wake me up?”
“Naomi’s handling it,” Ren mentioned.  “Which means you have time to see the device.”  She looked to his watch, and Sheridan’s eyes followed.
“You might want to leave that behind,” Sheridan said with a sigh.  Ren winced at her attitude; was Ren really so wrong to want to do this?  Was this a bad choice?  It was the first time Ren had ever been so proactive about something and brought it upon herself to get things done.  She didn’t want to admit if it was wrong, especially because she didn’t think it was.

Anywhere beyond the manor was hard to get to.  Soldiers were everywhere and though they only ever gave nods or salutes to Elian and Ren they were making it hard to get away.  There was no way the siblings could go anywhere without being spotted, and they had to wait an extra half hour just to leave the manor.  In the city was even more difficult.
Ren hopped into the crystal cavern, dragging Elian behind her while Sheridan trailed after him.  “Enn!” she called.
She’d expected the Husher device to be hidden in the secret chamber with so many of the Monarchy’s soldiers around, but it was stuck in the centre of the room, pieces scattered around it as Enn leaned over it, ripping more pieces out.
“What?” Enn sniped back.  “You here to take me away too?  That way nobody can fix this thing!”
“No,” Ren said.  “What do you mean?”
“Everyone in Mahendra and the villages is being taken away for questioning,” Enn explained.  “I figured that’s what you were going to do.”  She sent Ren a glare.
“I’m not here to do that,” Ren said.  “We’re here to fix the Husher device, and maybe—”
Enn growled, “Cloaking won’t be enough now; there are too many soldiers!”
“We aren’t here to cloak anything,” Elian told Enn.  He lifted the power module up.  “Let me take a look.”
Enn lowered her eyes to Elian.  She was suspicious, and had every right to be, but right now there was no time to waste.  It didn’t take her long to realize that, and she soon nodded, allowing Elian closer to the Husher device.  
Just before Elian started working on it he turned to his sister and said, “You should get back to the manor.”
“Why?” Ren asked.  That was the last place she wanted to be.
“To give orders,” Elian said.  “With me gone—for who knows how long…they’ll get worried when both members of the royal family disappear.”
Ren bit her lower lip.  She didn’t know if she could give orders, or what orders to even give.  But she agreed anyway.

Getting into the manor was much easier than getting out.  Nobody batted an eye at the Princess returning except for Naomi.  She stormed towards Ren as soon as she stepped through the front door, demanding an explanation.
“I went for a walk,” Ren said with a shrug.
“A walk,” Naomi repeated.  She crossed her arms, staring hard at Ren.  “And your brother?”
“I don’t know,” Ren replied.  “We don’t talk much anymore.”
Sheridan’s eyes flicked between the women.  Ren didn’t know what she was going to do now that she was here; ordering every member of the Monarchy off the planet wasn’t going to work.
“I looked into Garret’s communicator.”
Ren’s breath hitched and Sheridan inched closer.  There was a chance Naomi was about to announce she knew everything that had happened, and that their plan to free Novae was pointless.
Naomi continued, “It seems he found the Absolution.  But…”
“But?” Sheridan asked.
“He died trying to get aboard.”  Her eyes softened on Ren and she never apologized for the death.  “I just thought since the ship was such a large part of history you might want to see it—take a look around with the others.”
“Others?”
“The soldiers are going through it and preparing it to be brought back to the Earth Museum for study,” Naomi revealed.  “They found…”
“They found?” Ren prompted.  Her heart was smashing hard against her ribs with every word that came out of Naomi’s mouth.  Why was she drawing this out so much?
“It seems there was a traitor on the ship,” Naomi said.  “The Captain, Brackenreed, had tried to send reports back to Earth but they never made it.  Do you recognize the name Dawn Husher?”
Ren shook her head.
“Dr. Dawn Husher was a brilliant scientist of her time but she was very secretive, I’m not surprised you haven’t heard of her.”  Naomi uncrossed her arms.  This conversation seemed strangely hard for her to go through even though Ren couldn’t figure out why.  She noticed that Sheridan kept her hands loose in case she needed to grab her kamas.  The nearby soldiers began their patrol around the manor again, giving them some privacy.
“She was on the ship then?” Sheridan questioned.
Naomi nodded.  “It seems she was a radical of her time; she wanted the complete destruction of the Monarchy.  And if she couldn’t make that happen she would create a place that was free, in her opinion at least.  She did have a large following during her time on Earth—almost cult-like that helped her take over the scow.”
Most of this wasn’t news to Ren, but she tried to appear as interested as possible.  It was hard to fake interest, she realized, and she wasn’t sure how much energy would be seen as over the top and what wouldn’t be enough.  So she ended up nodding her head a lot and waited for Naomi to finish.
“She and her followers sabotaged the Absolution when Captain Brackenreed wouldn’t go along with her plan to land on Novae and escape Monarchy rule—there wasn’t much else recorded.”  Naomi looked away, hiding the fact that Captain Brackenreed had been killed on camera.
When Ren didn’t say anything, Sheridan spoke up.  “I don’t think now is a good time for the Princess to wander too far from the manor.  With the rebels and—”
“I think now would be an excellent time for her to take a look at the scow,” Naomi interrupted.  It caught Ren and Sheridan off guard.  She gave Ren a stern stare.  “I insist.”
“Are you sure?” she asked.  “There isn’t anything I can do here, or that I need to do?”
“No, not yet,” Naomi said, stressing each word.  “You should go and take a look around the Absolution—see if you can dig up anything that might be of use to us.  When you get there tell some of the soldiers to come back as well; the Monarchy is sending an archeology squad to really look into things.”
Ren and Sheridan exchanged a glance.  When neither of them moved Naomi took a deep breath and said, “All the water’s been cleared out so you’ll have no problem getting to the bottom of things.”  Her teeth ground hard against each other just as Ren realized there was a hidden message.
“Oh!” she said.  “Great!  I’m so excited; I love history and…”—her eyes darted to the nearby soldiers—“old things.  That’s me.  Old lover.  Wait…”
Naomi rolled her eyes and grabbed Ren’s shoulders, turning her around and giving her a shove.  “Just go.”




Chapter 26

“Forgive me for asking,” Sheridan began as she and Ren made their way to the Absolution, “but how is this going to help us?”
“Naomi was trying to tell me something,” Ren replied.  Her pace was faster than Sheridan’s, her excitement about discovering something making her body ache with adrenaline.
“I knew that.”  Sheridan stepped over a large fallen tree and offered her hand to help Ren up.  Ren ignored it and climbed over on her own.  “Do you know what it is?”
“Nope.”
“So we’re going to a ship covered with Monarchy soldiers to try and beat them to whatever Naomi knows is there?  Without any idea what that is?”
“Pretty much,” Ren replied, her breathing becoming laboured.  “But we can send some away.”
“I still don’t like our odds.”
She didn’t have time to try and change Ren’s mind, though Ren knew she wasn’t about to do that.  They were already approaching the crash site of the Absolution, surrounded by a section of the Scow Army.  A twig beneath Ren’s foot snapped, surprising them.
The two nearest soldiers held their weapons up, whirling towards Ren and Sheridan.  Ren instinctively raised her hands, hoping to show them she had no weapons while Sheridan stepped forward, her hands already on her kamas.  Ren shouted, “It’s okay, I’m—”
One of the soldiers recognized her and lowered his weapon.  He nodded his head to the other one as more soldiers came from around the ship.  “It’s the Admiral’s daughter; the Princess.”
Ren’s skin crawled.  She could tell it even made the soldier uncomfortable to say; he’d probably never said the word “Princess” in his life.  But instead of correcting him as she’d done to so many other people she just nodded and forced a smile on her face.  “You’re wanted back at the manor, Naomi—ah, the Lieutenant—has new orders.”
He hesitated as another soldier came around the ship.  Ren added, “You’d better hurry, it looked important.  We’ll be fine—Sheridan is a Sotarian.”
All the soldiers exchanged looks of concern, although Ren knew it wasn’t for her wellbeing.  They didn’t know how to take an order from her.  Her jaw tensed as she waited, trying not to urge them but wishing they’d start moving.  Finally another woman came around the ship.  “What’s going on?”  She eyed Ren, making Sheridan eye her back.
“Orders to head back,” the first soldier replied.
“What are we waiting for?” she questioned.  She pointed towards the woods.  “Get moving!”
“Yes, sir!” the others said in unison.  They began marching back to the manor, followed quickly by the woman.  She gave a curt nod to Ren and Sheridan as she walked past and nothing more.
When they were finally out of sight Sheridan asked, “Who was that?”
“No idea,” Ren confessed.  “Someone that probably knows Naomi, though.  Come on, we should hurry, too.”
As Ren began to move towards the Absolution a cold feeling of dread swept over her.  This was where she’d killed Garret, and where Sheridan’s own brother had been murdered.  She squeezed her eyes shut and reopened them, seeing the world a little differently.
She waited for Sheridan to say something, to ask about what had happened even though she knew Sheridan never would.  Kian had tried to kill Ren, and that was it.  That was all Sheridan needed to know to write her brother off—but it still must have hurt.  Ren’s hands began to shake when she felt Sheridan press a palm against her back.
“I’ll go first,” Sheridan said, letting her hand slide away.  Ren nodded, licking her lips.
“The uh, the entrance should be on the right,” Ren stated.  “The top entrance at least—it’ll be kind of hard to get in at the angle.”
Sheridan started walking, leading Ren around the ship.  It was on the opposite side of where she’d almost died and where the water was no longer pouring in.  Her eyes scanned the top of the ship where she saw a small EMF generator to divert the water out of the hull.  The crashing water smashed against the invisible field before being forced to the left of the ship, where Ren hoped it would flood away all the memories she had of this place.
“Are you coming?” Sheridan questioned.  She was already up two rungs and had opened the hatch to crawl inside.  Her eyes met with Ren’s, and Ren nodded again.
“Yeah,” she replied.  Because what else could she say?  “Sorry your brother died here after he tried to murder me”?  Ren didn’t think Sheridan would be the kind of person to accept that apology—because it wasn’t one that was necessary.  Still, as Ren dragged her feet over the dry rocks she couldn’t help but feel the tension in her stomach.
Climbing inside the ship was easier than it had been getting out.  It had been dried and cleared of most debris, letting her and Sheridan slip easily down the shaft and into the very same room she’d Transported into before.
Sheridan’s nose wrinkled slightly as she surveyed the area.  Ren ended up doing the same, finding the stench of stale water and something that had died nearly overwhelming.  “Let’s head down,” she said, trying not to breathe through her nose.  Finally she began to lead Sheridan, since she was the only one with any experience on the ship.
As she walked towards the far door, Ren kept taking peeks at Sheridan.  It was a rare, if not the only, moment that Sheridan was experiencing something new; she peered at the foreign equipment with wider eyes, barely giving away her curiosity.  Ren wondered whether Sheridan had looked at anything else like that when she wasn’t paying attention.
When she came to the door Ren glanced back and forth down the hallway.  There were small bulbs hung along the walls, the army’s way of lighting the area.  Ren thought they were rather primitive, and barely bright enough to reach the floor.  The floor slanted towards the left, so she let it lead her now.
“What could be down here?” Ren mused aloud.  Unheard of technology?  “No… Naomi wouldn’t know about it then.”  A weapon?  “Probably not if the Monarchy missed it.”
“Ren?”
“Maybe it’s some kind of evidence.”  Ren came to the stairs, something she’d forgotten had even been in scows.  She shoved the door open, finding the stairwell was still soaked with water.  It dribbled down the steps from somewhere overhead, but thankfully it was not the entire waterfall.  “Evidence of what though?” she asked as she peered up.
“Ren.”
“Hmm?”  She turned to find Sheridan looking at her, eyes narrowed.  “What?”
“I should go first.”  With careful steps, Sheridan stepped past Ren and began to descend.  “Whatever we’ve been sent to retrieve could be dangerous.”
Ren felt that if it were dangerous the Monarchy would already have it.  She couldn’t wrap her mind around what might be hidden down in the bottoms of the scow.  Naomi was so insistent that it must be something useful, but what?  Ren held onto the slick railing and began to follow Sheridan down, watching her feet as she went.  The stairs were deadlier than Ren liked, forcing her centre of gravity back just so she didn’t fall.  It felt like if she let go of the railing that she would crash forward and never stop falling.
“I was talking to myself, wasn’t I?” she asked, desperate to keep her mind off of Garret or Kian as she moved.
“You were,” confirmed Sheridan.
“Why didn’t you stop me?”  Her foot slipped and she almost toppled over, barely catching herself before she smacked into Sheridan.  Sheridan flinched and began to spin but when she saw Ren was fine she stated, “I’m used to it.”
Regaining her balance Ren paused.  “Used to it?  How often do I talk to myself?”
Sheridan looked down the remaining steps.  Peering over the railing she stated, “Quite often.  When you read, when you’re over thinking something, when you’re happy or upset or—”
“Okay, okay, I get it!”  Ren held up her hand and looked over the railing, watching as they descended further into darkness.  The steps seemed to go on forever as the lights faded into black.  “I didn’t realize I did it that much.”
“Elian does it as well.”
Thinking of Elian made worry rush over Ren.  How was he doing with the Husher device?  Had the Monarchy already found him and Enn?  And what was Abetha doing to handle Keturah?
Ren had more and more questions piling up in her brain and by the time they reached the bottom of the stairwell she found herself sighing.  She stared at the water that stopped them from going any further, unsure of how many flights were too flooded to even get to.  Considering how far they’d travelled she didn’t think it could be many.
“We stop here, I guess,” she muttered.  There was only one door to choose, and since it was as low as they could go, she tried to pull it open.  One tug told her it wasn’t going to budge.  She looked back up.  “We could try going back up a couple of flights to see if there’s another way down…”
Sheridan nodded her head to the side, signaling for Ren to move.  She flexed her fingers before wrapping them around the handle and gave two large heaves before the rusted bolts holding it up shattered and the door came clean off.  The door fell into the water with a splash before sinking to the bottom of the steps.
“Or we could do that,” Ren said.  On the other side of the door was a black space, a pit of nothing to reward them for their trouble.  Ren looked at the sunken door and saw some kind of writing had been torn off, destroyed by years under water.
“What would normally be in this area?” Sheridan asked, poking her head into the darkness.
“No idea,” Ren admitted.  “An infirmary maybe?  Something important—that door was sealed off.  Or at least it had been.”
Ren stole one of the bulbs off the wall.  The heat it emanated made her realize how cold she’d gotten walking down into the scow, and she sucked up the warmth while she could.  Sticking the light in front of her, she found the doorway had led to another hallway.  This one was perfectly dry, no water had seeped in.
Sheridan began moving a couple feet ahead of Ren.  The closer they got to what Ren hoped was the end, the faster Ren began to realize what Naomi had been so adamant about finding.  She didn’t voice her thoughts until they made it to the end of the hallway where Ren read the notice on the door.
“What does it say?” Sheridan asked.
Ren smiled lightly.  “That we found a way to beat the Monarchy.”



Chapter 27

Ren sat in the control chair and listened to the door clang shut behind her.  Sheridan let out a heavy breath, still not convinced that what they’d found was key to saving Novae.
“Are you sure about this?” Sheridan questioned again.  It was only her second time asking, but it was enough to let Ren know that she was really worried.
“Are you afraid of flying or something?” Ren questioned.
“I’ve never been fond of it.”  Sheridan stepped up beside her, placing her hand on the back of the chair.  “I’m also not fond of things that haven’t worked for hundreds of years.”
“It’ll work,” Ren replied.  She understood why Naomi had sent them there.  With plenty of power left even after hundreds of years hidden beneath the ground, this was their ticket to bargaining with the Monarchy.  Ren only hoped it would be enough to get the Monarchy off Novae without any bloodshed.  “This is an emergency escape vehicle—or EM Scow—it’ll have plenty of power to get us out of the ground and into space.”  Although much of the ship was still buried, Ren didn’t voice her worries to Sheridan.
“Space?” Sheridan repeated, her voice a little higher than normal.  It made Ren turn towards her Sotarian.
“First we’ll go get Elian and Enn,” she said.
Sheridan nodded, but her grip on the chair had become so tight her fingertips were white.  Ren only glanced at them for a moment before turning back to the controls.
How the Monarchy had left this behind was beyond her understanding.  They must have thought the locals would never understand how to use it; otherwise they wouldn’t have left it here.  Ren only had a bit of knowledge on how to use a scow, and it was only modern scows she understood—using one this old would be a bumpy ride.  If she could get it to Elian though, he would know what to do with it.
“What are we going to do with the ship?” Sheridan steadied her feet as Ren pressed a few buttons.  The ship creaked and moaned as gears slowly clicked into place, the dirt just outside the window began to slide as the scow shifted into position.  “And how is it going to get out of the earth?”
“These things were built to withstand a crash, and to move in all directions,” Ren answered, “it’ll be able to push out and then up.”  I think, she silently added.  “As for what happens after, I have a general idea of what to do.”
Sheridan let out a small growl.
“I’ll explain later,” Ren said, pressing another button and making the scow jerk forward as it broke off from the Absolution.  The door behind them made a whirring noise as it sealed again.  Ren and Sheridan both glanced at it just as the ship did another jerk backwards.  “I need to focus.”
Ren took one last deep breath before resting her finger on the final button.  If this didn’t work she wasn’t sure what their next move would be, and honestly she wasn’t sure what their next move would be if it did work.  She had an idea, but what if it didn’t go as planned?  The Monarchy wasn’t known for its kind and gentle negotiations.
She pressed the button anyway.  She wasn’t going to sit around and hope the situation solved itself, because it wouldn’t.  Another lurch and the ship was digging further down.  Beside Ren, Sheridan braced herself against the chair, waiting for another surge to send her flying forward.  Instead the ship made a loud CRACK and began moving up.
“It’s doing it!” cried Ren.  She almost jumped from her chair when the scow shuddered, reminding her to stay in her seat.  As the ship grooved and shook Ren started to question if it really did have enough power to break the surface, or if there was a chance something was damaged and she and Sheridan were about to die in an explosion.  She would have waged the Monarchy would have loved that.
“I don’t think we’re moving forward,” Sheridan stated.  She had her other hand braced on the console, pulling herself forward to get a better look at where they might be headed.  Ren wondered too, because no matter how much the scow shook she couldn’t tell anymore if they were moving forward or simply back and forth.  She went to stand and just as she did a great force struck her and the ship flew forward, the nose turning up.
Kneeling beside her, Sheridan muttered something to herself.
“Careful,” Ren said.
Sheridan opened her mouth to reply but the scow screeched and jumped forward again, plummeting her backwards.  Ren sunk into the chair and her skull cracked against the metal.  Stars blotted her vision momentarily when she noticed something to her left.  She realized it was Sheridan’s kama cutting into the metal just beside her eye, only an inch away from killing her.  Sheridan pulled herself forward as the scow broke free of the earth and soared into the air.  Soon Ren grabbed the control stick and evened it out, letting them both catch their breath.  Sheridan holstered her kama.
“Sorry.”  Sheridan put her hand back on the chair, still nervous on the scow.  Ren’s own hands were shaking as she held the stick.  The kama had come so close to her eye she wasn’t sure how to form words right away.  So she just nodded and tried to suck as much air into her lungs as possible.
Now that they were flying Ren thought of the obvious problem.  Other scows.  In the distance she could see two of them floating above Mahendra, keeping a watchful eye on the citizens and most likely their radar.  The pod she now piloted was small enough to stay hidden in the clouds, but it would be an obvious dot on the Monarchy’s radar since it was the only other object in the sky.
“Can we cloak?” Sheridan asked.  She was looking past the dirt on the window, clearly thinking the same thing as Ren.
“Maybe?” Ren answered.  Her eyes perused the control panel when she realized that emergency scows back then couldn’t cloak.  But then again Dr. Husher, the inventor of cloaking technology, had been on this ship.  Panic setting in, Ren couldn’t find anything that looked like a cloaking mechanism.  “Or not.”  She began to lower the ship towards the trees until the bottom was skimming the leaves.  “But if we fly low enough they might not notice us—there’s a chance the ship doesn’t give off enough energy to be noticed.  These things were built for stealth and travel—if it still works like I think it does, we’ll just look like a bird on their radar.”
Sheridan grunted her reply, showing about as much faith in the scow as Ren had.

“Stopstopstopstopstop,” Ren squealed, pulling on the control stick as hard as she could.  Her eyes had squeezed shut, her entire body shaking as the scow slid along the rocks until it stopped.  Peeking with one eye she saw she’d almost crashed it into the side of the Undercurrent’s entrance.  She let out a breath in unison with Sheridan.
Without a word Sheridan spun on her heel and shoved the door open, hopping onto the ground with ease.  It took a moment for Ren to gather her own strength and do the same.  She listened for any signs of nearby soldiers or scows.  “I don’t think they saw us.”
Sheridan looked into the sky before scanning between the trees.  “For now.”
The ground seemed to wobble beneath Ren’s feet as she moved behind Sheridan and into the Undercurrent.  It wasn’t until they made it to the crystal cavern did she feel like her feet were firmly planted on the ground.  “Elian?” she called, finding the space empty.
After a moment Elian poked his head from the hidden chamber at the back of the room, his hair rustled in all directions.  “What?”
“We found something.”
His eyes narrowed.  He went to say something when he jerked forward and fell out of the chamber, catching himself in a shaky landing on the floor.  Enn jumped out behind him.  “We’re done with the Husher device—that thing only has enough power to cloak though, it’ll never shield the planet.  We can’t figure out how those rings work.”
Ren bit her bottom lip.  “Maybe we don’t have to shield the planet.”
Elian arched his eyebrows, matching Enn’s expression.  She asked, “Excuse me?  What in hell have I been working on this for then?”
“You don’t want to shield the planet now?” Elian asked as he crossed the crystal cavern and stood in front of his sister.  His back was straight, his eyes focused.  It seemed his short time in the office had made him stronger, if not more intimidating.  Ren had never found her brother intimidating, but as he stared down at her now she caught a glimpse of Maks in him.
“I think it’s a good option that we keep to ourselves,” Ren said, trying not to shrink back.  “But Sheridan and I found something. Come on.”
Enn and Elian shared a glance as if they were old friends knowing exactly what the other was thinking.  When they didn’t move right away Ren huffed and started walking without them, Sheridan on her heels.
Outside Ren waited for the others to catch up.  Ren waited to hear Elian’s excited chirp or a snarky comment from Enn, but instead she heard silence.  When their footsteps stopped behind her she turned to see both their gaping faces in awe of the scow.  “This is our other option.”
Elian nodded wordlessly.
Enn took a few steps forward.  “I can see why you wouldn’t want to cloak anything.”
“Could showing them this really make them leave?” Sheridan questioned.  
“We’ll have to get creative,” Elian suggested.  He rubbed at the stubble on his chin, moving around the scow to get a better look at it.  “I mean, they’ll just blow us out of the sky if they think we’re a threat.”
“Could you give it a shield?”  Ren followed Elian as he circled the scow, taking it in at every angle.
When he’d finished two small walks around he stopped beside Enn, matching her thoughtful expression.  After a moment he declared, “No; it’s too old, they weren’t meant to have enough power for a shield.”
Ren’s heart sank into her stomach.  That was it?  No hope?  Naomi had seemed so sure that this would do something…maybe there was something they were missing.
“But I could make it look like it has a shield.”  

An hour later the scow was glowing with a thinly veiled yellow light.  It flickered and broke in some areas, but it was enough to at least look like it was capable of protecting anyone inside from an enemy attack.  Hopefully, it’ll be enough, Ren thought.
Enn wiped the sweat from her brow and brushed the grease from her hands onto the grass.  Elian simply wiped it onto his pants and they both look proudly at the ship.  “Not too bad,” Elian declared.
Ren and Sheridan peered up at the fake flashing shield.  “I guess we should get going then, huh?” Ren suggested.
“I don’t like threatening an enemy a hundred times my size,” Sheridan mentioned.
Elian chuckled.  “The Monarchy is more like a million times our size.”
Sheridan let out a low huff, her point proven.  This was a terrible idea, and it would most likely never get the Monarchy away from Novae.  But maybe it would be enough to make them back off, if only for a little while.
Ren gave an assertive nod, more to herself than the others.  She climbed through the open door and sat herself in the control chair trying to think two steps ahead of everyone else.  It was hard though, and she wasn’t the soldier Maks was; he could have predicted ten moves ahead.
The door clanged shut behind her and when she looked over her shoulder expecting to see Sheridan she found Elian and Enn there as well.  She stated, “You can’t come.”
Elian gaped.  “Pardon me?”
“It’s dangerous,” Ren said, “I should go alone.”  Her eyes met Sheridan’s.  “Chances are—”
“Chances are you’ll die alone,” Elian shouted.  “If we’re both there, along with two Novaeans they’ll at least think before blowing us up.”
Ren pursed her lips and hated to admit he was right.  Still, she didn’t want her little brother going off to face the Monarchy with her.  If this went poorly it would mean making an enemy…she didn’t want Elian in that sort of danger.  She stood and faced them, shaking her head.  “No, I’m not letting you go.”  Her eyes slid to Sheridan.  “Can you throw him off this ship for me?”
Sheridan cocked one eyebrow and didn’t move.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Elian said, taking a step forward.  “Besides, you can’t pilot this thing—I saw how you parked it.”
“Enn can pilot it,” Ren countered.
Enn scoffed.  “Oh sure, you’ll take me to die but not him.  Thanks.”
“That isn’t what I—I just meant—”  Ren groaned and covered her eyes.  When she peeked through her fingers in hopes that the others magically decided she was right she found Elian in the pilot’s chair.
“You know there is something you didn’t think about,” Elian said.
“What’s that?”
“What these emergency ships were capable of.”  Elian flicked a couple of switches that Ren hadn’t touched before, and slammed his fingers down on every button he could find.  As always, Ren was in awe of her brother’s technological knowledge, his movements mystifying her and Sheridan alike.  Elian explained, “These things were for emergencies and all, so they had extra capabilities, even back then.  Transporting technology was still fairly new, but they kept it on the scows anyway.”
“We can Transport?” Ren asked herself.  How could that be used against the Monarchy?  Anyone with a communicator on their wrist could sync to the scow and come onboard—that seemed like more of a hindrance to her.  The Monarchy could easily hijack them.
“We can Transport anyone with a communicator anywhere we want without them first needing to be on the ship,” Elian revealed.  He pressed one last button and the ship came to life, much less shaky than Ren’s turn at the controls.  Maybe the ship wasn’t in as bad shape as she first thought, and it was just her flying skills that needed a tune up.
Her heart hammered against her chest, her hands already beginning to tremble at the thought of what she was about to do.  It was against everything she believed in, everything she was taught and everything she knew for that past twenty years of her life.  With her hand on the back of the chair, she understood why Sheridan had gripped it so hard before; this was it, a possible end.  Ren had never thought much about the end of her life before coming to Novae.
Elian looked up at her, waiting for her to tell him to go.  She knew he wouldn’t set a course until she told him to, but the words wouldn’t come out of her mouth.  They were there, right on the tip of her tongue and ready to be said but still her lips wouldn’t move.
Her finger dug into the chair when she felt a hand on her shoulder.  She didn’t turn to see who it was, she knew it was Sheridan.  Silent support from her ever-loyal Sotarian—from her friend.  Even in her thoughts that word was foreign.
Ren nodded at Elian.  “Get us in the air.”
Sheridan gave Ren’s shoulder a squeeze before letting go.  Ren let out a breath she hadn’t realized she was holding, and before Elian could send them off towards Mahendra Enn stopped them.
“I think I should stay on the planet.”
“I understand,” Ren said.
“No, you don’t.”  Enn rolled her eyes.  “I think I should go ahead of you guys and get Abetha—she knows how to negotiate.”
“Does she have her communicator on?” Ren asked.
“If she’s in the city she will,” Enn sneered.  “It’s the law now.”
“I believe I just said how that works to our benefit,” Elian argued.  Still, despite how he’d unintentionally helped, Ren saw the guilt cross over his face.  She knew how far he had been willing to go to get revenge for Maks’s death.  And she knew he was going to live with that knowledge for the rest of his life.  “Look, I’ll bring her here right now.”
“Wait you don’t know—” Ren began but it was too late.  Elian had already slid his fingers across the controls and in the blink of an eye Abetha was materializing in front of them.  She stood behind the console, blinking wide eyes at Ren.  Ren knew that feeling very well.  She hurried over to Abetha and instructed her to lean over.  Abetha did, and soon she was gasping for air.
“What in the name of—”
“We’ll explain on the way,” Ren said.  “Were you talking to anyone?”  She sent a glare to Elian as he haughtily looked away.  “Did the soldiers see you?”
“I was in my room, thankfully,” she choked out.  Her eyes drifted over the scow.  “Enn?”
Enn waved as she opened the door.  She hopped onto the ground, the scow floating so high off the planet that all Ren could see was her head now.  She said, “I’m going to warn the others about what’s about to go down.  If this goes badly they’ll need to prepare.”
As she went to slam the door shut she hesitated.  Her eyes met for a brief moment with Abetha before looking to Ren.  “Good luck.”
Ren nodded as she helped Abetha to a chair.
Luck had nothing to do with what they were about to try.



Chapter 28

Static buzzed over the communication system.  The small scow had begun to approach the ships hovering over Mahendra, and thankfully they weren’t shot down immediately.  Whoever was in command now was possibly merciful, or simply curious, Ren mused.  Soon a high nasally voice was heard, “This is Commander Weild of the SS Lockheed; state your name and purpose or we will open fire.”
“Not very professional,” Elian muttered.
“Open communication,” Ren ordered.
He flicked a switch and Ren began the speech she’d been preparing since she first saw the emergency scow.  She took a breath to steady her voice, hoping the fear wouldn’t show through.  “This is Ren Argent, daughter of Maksin Argent—we’re here to discuss the terms of your retreat from the planet Novae.”
Elian smacked the switch.  “Their retreat?  Are you sure that’s the word you want to use?  The Monarchy doesn’t exactly retreat.”
Ren ground her teeth.  “I’ve never done this before!”
“What was the point in reading all those history books if you weren’t going to learn a thing or two about negotiating a war?”
“Elian—”
“Get Naomi up here,” Abetha said.  She stood, her knees shaking so hard she had to hold onto the chair just to make sure she could stay on her feet.  Ren was used to the nausea that Transporting brought, and she knew how bad it could get, especially when the technology wasn’t quite fully developed.  “She’ll know better than any of us how to navigate this.”
The communicator buzzed.  “Miss Argent,” the Commander said, “how nice to hear from you.  We were beginning to wonder where you’d vanished to since you left your communicator at home.  I suppose your brother, King Argent, is there as well?”
Ren had no idea how to reply.  So she flicked the switch before Elian could stop her.  “He is, as is my Sotarian and Guide.”  She turned off the communicator and ordered Elian to get Naomi up there with them.  If anything letting Commander Weild know Elian was aboard would buy them some time.
As fast as he could, Elian brought Naomi on board.  When she appeared in front of them she took the nausea much better than either Ren or Abetha, and simply tilted her head forward and paused.  “I see you found it.”  She hiccupped.
“Yes, we did,” Ren said, “but we don’t have time to talk about it.  We’re on the line with Commander Weild.”
Naomi’s eyes widened.  “You’re what?”  She recovered instantly and rushed around the console, shoving Elian’s hands away from the buttons.  “I wanted you to find the ship, not start negotiating surrender.”
“Not surrender,” Ren argued.
“A retreat,” Elian scoffed.
“The Scows tend to feel those are the same things.”  She turned on the intercom.  “This is Lieutenant Commander Naomi Bauer, and we are not here to discuss your retreat.  What the Princess meant was that we would like to negotiate with the Monarchy.”
“Negotiate what exactly?” Weild asked.
Naomi looked to Ren, who looked to Sheridan and Abetha.  All she wanted was to get the Monarchy off of Novae—that was it—simple.  But that wasn’t something easily done.  If Novae was allowed to live without Monarchy rule, then other planets might start thinking the same thing, and that could lead to war on a much larger scale than one tiny planet.  Ren answered, “A peace treaty.”
Naomi pursed her lips, as did Abetha.  Apparently that wasn’t the answer either of them wanted.
“All citizens under Monarchy rule will comply or be eliminated,” Weild replied.  Exactly how Ren knew it would go.
“Novae is capable of more than you think, Commander,” Ren retorted.  “And we aren’t looking for a war.”
“And what exactly are you capable of?” Weild asked.
Ren could already imagine her preparing the weapons on the Lockheed, so she talked as fast as she could.  “Capable of this.”  She snapped the switch down.  “Elian, send all the soldiers onto the scow.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
He sucked in a breath before getting to work.  While he moved his fingers over the console Naomi pulled Ren aside.  “Have you lost your mind?  If you do something like this it could get everyone on Novae killed.”
“She won’t order that,” Ren said.  “This is just to show them that we aren’t helpless, that we can take care of ourselves.  I need to talk to her in person, on common ground—she won’t do that if she doesn’t think we’re equals.”
“We?” Naomi repeated.
Ren hadn’t realized she was grouping herself in with Novae.  She looked over her shoulder at Sheridan and Abetha, and realized that she felt more at home with them than anywhere else.  There had been a lot of twists and turns, and more surprises than Ren was comfortable with, but Novae had slowly become her home.  When all this was finished, she knew where she was going to stand.  “Yeah,” she whispered, “we.”  Looking back at Naomi she added, “I’m fighting for this.”
“Done,” Elian called.  “All Monarchy soldiers are now on that ship.”  Ren stepped back beside him, noting the smiles on Sheridan and Abetha’s faces.
The communicator buzzed before Commander Weild came back on.  “Cute trick.”
“We just want the Monarchy off of Novae,” Ren told her.  “That’s it.”
“I can’t do that, I have orders to eliminate any and all threats to the Monarchy.”
“We aren’t threats,” Ren said, careful to control her tone.  She wanted to scream—how could Novae be a threat to an entity that spanned galaxies?  She paused when an idea struck her.  It was something that hadn’t been done in so long, most people today didn’t know about it.  “Sovereign nation.”
“What?” Elian asked.
“A sovereign nation!” Ren said louder.  “Novae will be a sovereign nation, governing itself without the Monarchy’s ruling but still open to working with the Monarchy.”
Silence.  Ren didn’t breathe as she waited for Commander Weild to reply.  To say that it was never going to happen, to question what a sovereign nation even was because at that moment Ren couldn’t think of a planet that had that kind of power.  In fact, she couldn’t think of anything, not until the communicator clicked a few times.
“There is no Monarchy representative present to make that kind of decision,” Commander Weild said.  “With the Advisor gone—”
“You can make the decision,” Ren argued, “you’re part of the Monarchy.”
“I make decisions in times of war, in battle.”
Ren bit down hard on her bottom lip.  There was no way an Advisor would decide to allow Novae to become a sovereign nation, not when their interests were the same as the Monarchy.  And if someone like Garret were to arrive…
“Actually you can,” Naomi said.  Ren whirled, finding a large smile plastered on Naomi’s face.  “Didn’t you read your handbook Commander?  The law states that when an Advisor or Monarchy representative is not present that the highest ranking officer can negotiate any and all accords.”  She paused, letting that sink in.  “If you would like we can meet on the manor grounds to discuss this further.”
Ren furrowed her brow and whispered, “I’ve never heard of that.”
“It’s archaic,” Naomi whispered back, “but it still holds.  If the Monarchy were to back out of a decision agreed upon they’d look worse than if they invaded Novae.”  She shrugged.  “In their opinion at least.”
“I can see why they wouldn’t advertise that in the history books.”  Abetha groaned as she stepped up.  Sheridan was holding her up at the waist, trying to push her back towards the chair.  Abetha shoved Sheridan off and forced herself to stand straight.
Commander Weild came back on.  “I’ll see you on the planet in ten minutes, Miss Argent.”  The communicator clicked and buzzed before going dead.
Ren couldn’t help but drop her jaw in amazement.  “They’re…they’re actually considering it?”
“It seems so,” Naomi said.  “Or they’re sending a report back to the nearest Outpost and awaiting their new orders.”  Her eyes slid towards Ren.  “Either way we should get down to the planet.”
“Right.”  Elian began flying towards the manor, taking his time as his eyes darted constantly towards Abetha who had finally given up on standing and fell into a chair.
Ren was shaking again, but this time it wasn’t from fear, it was excitement.  Her chest fluttered with hope, and she thought she could see the light at the end of the tunnel.  Novae seemed to have a chance.
“I need to sit down.”  Without a second thought Ren fell to the floor, letting her entire body tremble.  She ran a shivering hand through her hair, taking slow and steady breaths in hopes of calming her heart rate.
“It isn’t over yet,” Naomi warned.  The scow began to approach the manor; it seemed so empty now that the soldiers were gone.  Ren was a little surprised that Commander Weild hadn’t sent them back to the planet, but took that as a sign of good faith.  
Elian landed the ship gently behind the manor, only a few feet away from the maze of bushes that Ren had often wandered.  Naomi opened the back door and helped Abetha out, followed by Elian.  He looked back at his sister.
She called, “I just need a minute.”
“We don’t have a minute,” Naomi countered.
Ren waited for a single heartbeat before trying to stand, finding her legs weak.  Sheridan helped her up, almost having to drag her by the elbow to get her on her feet.  “Thanks.”
When they stepped off the scow Naomi arched her eyebrows and eyed Sheridan’s kamas.  “You can’t bring those.”
Sheridan narrowed her eyes.  Before the Sotarian could argue Ren stepped in.  “She’s right—we’re negotiating peace.  Weapons don’t exactly say peace.”
“They could attack.”
“If they attack they’ll use guns,” Naomi stated.  “Those won’t do any good.”
If Naomi were talking about anyone other than Sheridan, Ren would have agreed.  And that was exactly why Ren wanted to make sure Sheridan left her kamas behind; if the soldiers as much as flinched Sheridan would attack to ensure they didn’t get the chance to reach for a gun.
Sheridan hesitated before pulling the kamas from her back.  She stepped into the scow and placed them on the ground, just far enough away that they would go unnoticed but close enough to be easily accessed.
“Good,” Naomi said.  “Elian, take Abetha inside—she’s in no state to be here.”
“I am fine,” Abetha argued.  She was holding her stomach, and no matter how much pain she was in Ren knew she wasn’t going to back down.
“Go to the centre of the garden, under the gazebo, we’ll meet them there.”  Ren gave Abetha a soft look, which was met with a glare.  No pity allowed, it seemed.  Ren was starting to get used to how strong Abetha really was, although she could have done with a lot less hostility.
Elian helped Abetha over, no matter how much arguing she did.  Eventually she quieted down and leaned more of her weight on him as they made their way through the small maze.
Without much else to say, Ren started moving behind them.  She began to think of all the arguments to make about why Novae should be left alone, or at the very least govern itself without scows constantly flying overhead.  But all her arguments only made sense to her, and anyone other than Novaeans would think it pointless.  After all, why would anyone want to leave the Monarchy?
Before she knew it she was standing under the stained glass, the afternoon light casting prisms on the stones below.  Within seconds Commander Weild and two soldiers were Transported into the garden.  Ren held her breath as she waited for more—more soldiers, more weapons, more threats.  But it was just the Commander and her Lieutenants.  No weapons, no threats, nothing.
Commander Weild was nothing like Ren thought.  Anyone in the Scow Army had been tall with sharp eyes and short hair.  Commander Weild had the eyes, elegantly decorated with cat’s eye eyeliner, but she was no taller than five feet and her hair went past her shoulders.  The soldiers stood like bookends on either side of her.  Her jaw tightened as she closed the space between herself and Ren.
“Miss Argent,” she said, her voice lower than on the intercom.  “I certainly hope you know what you’re doing.”
“Back at ya,” Elian muttered.  All it took was one sidelong glare from Commander Weild to make his jaw snap shut permanently.  He leaned back beside Abetha on the bench, choosing to listen from then on.
“Commander Weild,” Naomi said with a salute.
“Lieutenant,” Weild stated.  “I looked up the law and found you were actually correct.  There’s much to discuss before anything is signed.”
“I agree completely,” Naomi replied.
Commander Weild faced Ren, giving her more authority than she thought she deserved.  Weild asked, “Are you ready?”
Ren didn’t hesitate.
“Yes.”



Thanks for reading to the end!  I hope you made it this far because you enjoyed the book, and am here to ask if you’d write an honest review.



Connect with D.L. Miles online

Website: www.dlmiles.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/authordlmiles
Instagram: @dlmilesbooks



The Howling Jade

The following excerpt is from an early draft of The Howling Jade, and therefore some things may change in the final version!


Word has spread throughout the universe of a small planet, free of Monarchy control.  
While Ren sits in negotiations with Commander Weild, fighting for Novae’s freedom, the planet is becoming overrun with visitors wanting their own glimpse of the supposedly lawless land.  Ren and the people of Novae allow the tourists a bit of time on their planet, but soon Ren learns that not all of them have arrived through proper channels.  One of the visitors is giving away a new drug on behalf of the Calero family a galaxy away.  The drug proves to be more than it seems when a third party has begun to alter its chemical composition, and now kills the user even when taking the proper dosage.  As Ren investigates she learns that the drug is capable of much worse than killing, and that Novae’s history is much darker than anyone knows.



Prologue

Transmission status…ON.
Facial recognition…Admiral Maksin Argent.
Accessing…
Accessing…
Date… September 2453.
Transmission status…RECORDING.

You’re the only one I can send this to; the Monarchy is no longer safe.  Coordinates follow.

Transmission status…PAUSED.
Transmission status…RECORDING.

Look after them for me, Reeve.

Transmission status…RECORDED.
Transmission sent.



Excerpt

Ren bit her lip as she stared at the small vial.  Howling Jade, Caren had called it.  The tiny drops in the glass were all that remained of the miracle cure he’d been given.  Supposedly it could fix any ailment, physical or mental.  Ren closed her eyes, already knowing that it must have been the same in Mahendra.  Archer must have been told the same story and hoped for the miracle cure to work its magic.  He confirmed that Barr had been found with a smile as well.
“What do you think it is?” Sheridan asked from across the room.  They’d taken a room at the inn when the realized that the boy Caren got the Jade from wasn’t going to return to Dransten until nightfall.  It was small, and the bed barely held one person let alone two, but it was all they had available.  It was better than a forest or cave floor, so Ren didn’t care much.
“A drug.”  She sighed.  “Maybe.  Why would they call it Howling Jade?  It could be from the river, I guess.”  Ren thought back to the only other time she’d heard of the Howling Jade, when she was wandering the catacomb of caves called the Undercurrent with Abetha.  The river sounded like a howling beast—similar to the ones that had nearly killed them both.  “Has there ever been a ‘miracle cure’ on Novae before?”
Ren already knew the answer.  “No,” Sheridan confirmed.
Novae might have seemed like a primitive planet when she first arrived, but Ren knew they hid their technology.  It might not have been on the same level as Earth, but they were only here because their ancestors crashed in a spaceship.  The Novaeans were smart and understood the use of medicine; they understood mental illness like depression or OCD.  Things that still had no cure and could only be managed.   Still, it didn’t stop two boys from hoping.
From what Sheridan had told Ren there hasn’t been much record of depression here.  It was very rare, and easily treated with a local herb.  Apparently Barr thought taking medicine was weak, and he refused to even try.
“Have you even had drugs here before?”
Sheridan hesitated.  “I’m not familiar with that word.”
Ren gave her a pointed look.  “Now is not the time.”  Abetha and Sheridan had started a game recently to see how many times they could make Ren go off on a tangent explaining different words.  Every so often they would ask what something meant, claiming to have never heard the word before, and foolishly, Ren would explain.  It started when Abetha had asked what a comet was during a meteor shower, and then continued when Sheridan pretended to confuse the phrase “chill out” with being cold.  The score was Abetha seven to Sheridan’s four.
“I’m not lying,” Sheridan said.  “I’m not familiar with it in this way.”
Ren narrowed her eyes, trying to tell if Sheridan was telling the truth.  She tucked the vial in her pocket, feeling like it would only be safe there, and stood.  “It’s an illegal substance—pretty rare honestly.  There’s nothing on Earth, but some parts of the universe have them.  They get you…outside of yourself.  Different drugs have different effects.  Some make you see things, others just calm you down.”
Sheridan nodded.  “What do you think this one was supposed to do?”
Ren thought of the twisted smiles that each man had in death.  “I’m guessing they make you feel good until they kill you.”
They exchanged a look, knowing just how bad that could turn out on Novae.  If Sheridan hadn’t known what the word meant, then nobody else would either.  And with someone selling it as a miracle cure…Ren sucked in a breath when she heard the sound of hooves outside.  Too many to be a single rider, and she knew that Caren’s friend was back.
The one that had given him the drug.

Outside it was easy to corner Caren’s friend, Allon.  He’d been in Mahendra visiting family for the day and had just returned, unsuspecting that the Princess and a Sotarian were looking for him.  When he climbed off of his horse Sheridan latched onto him immediately, uncaring of the spectacle she created.  Ren invited him inside where they could talk, and between the two women he couldn’t refuse.
“Where did you find this?” Ren asked.  She tapped the vial on the table in front of Allon, watched as he paled.
“P-Princess, I do not know what that is.”
Ren rolled her eyes.  “You gave it to Caren,” Ren stated, staying calm.  She told Sheridan to stand behind her as she sat at the table, hoping the display of power might get her somewhere.  It seemed to help when dealing with Weild and anyone in the Monarchy; they were always more willing to listen when Sheridan stood behind Ren.
Ren crossed her legs as Allon tried to think of an answer.
“I was…I just meant it might help.”  He looked at his lap.
“Eyes forward,” Ren ordered, sounding exactly like Maks.  So much so that it made her flinch and lean forward, uncrossing her legs.  Allon did as he was told.  “Have you taken any?”
He looked back at his lap.
“When?” she asked, worried he might be next to die.
“A week ago,” he said.  “I had some left over and I thought Barr might feel better.”  He smiled wistfully.  “It was…”
“How much did you take?” Ren questioned.
“A drop, that was all they told me to take.”
Ren wanted so badly to bite down on her nails, realizing that Caren’s statement was right.  He did kill his father, if not unintentionally.  If a drop was all it took to get high, Ren imagined most of the bottle could kill someone.  Caren’s eagerness had killed Barr.  Ren shook her head, knowing that was wrong; it wasn’t Caren’s fault.  It was the dealer’s.  “Who gave this to you?”
“It was only a sample, I didn’t think—”
“Allon.”  Ren leaned forward and took the vial, lifting it until it was an inch from his face.  “Who gave this to you?”
His eyes flicked to Sheridan before returning to Ren.  “A foreigner.” 
“Could you describe them?”
He shook his head quickly as Ren lowered her hand.  “It was during the Harvest Festival—everyone had masks on.”
Ren grit her teeth.  Of course it wouldn’t be that easy.  She waved him away, and with that simple gesture he rushed out of the inn, leaving Ren and Sheridan to stand under the curious gaze of the innkeeper.  She rushed into the room as soon as things finished, pretending as if she hadn’t been listening.
Ren did her best to ignore her.  Again, Ren was in over her head.  The only people she thought could help her were the ones she was fighting against.  She squeezed her eyes shut and covered them with one hand, the beginnings of a headache beating against her temples.
“Will you be staying for dinner?” the innkeeper asked.  Her name escaped Ren then as she tried to think of an answer.
“It’s too late to leave now,” Sheridan answered.  “We’ll be staying overnight.”
“Hopefully Elian doesn’t send a search party,” Ren murmured, an attempt at a joke.  But it was very plausible, considering the number of times Ren had been kidnapped in the past weeks.  How many times her life had been in danger.
“Wonderful!” the woman cheered.  Her entire body bounced as she moved.  “So many guests, and ones so honoured.”  She clapped her hands together.  “It will be quite the feast.”

Ren and Sheridan were last to arrive at the table even though they were the only ones at the inn for an excruciatingly long hour.  The innkeeper, Deena, knocked on their door every few minutes to make sure everything was all right.  She was so excited that the Princess had chosen to stay at her inn of all the choices; Ren wasn’t sure what other choices she’d had.  It was the only inn around.
“Your Majesty,” Deena said, “please, sit here.”  She pulled out the chair at the end of the long table, eager to please.  Ren gave her a smile as she sat down, hesitating only a second and hoping nobody noticed.  Everyone was so kind, she didn’t want to insult them.  Once she was planted firmly in the wooden chair Sheridan took the seat to her right, also saved by Deena.  Completely at ease, Ren noticed.  She wished she could say the same for herself.
“Majesty?” the woman to Ren’s left asked.  There was a twang in her voice, something Ren had only heard in movies.
“Oh, you’re not from here, right!”  Deena giggled like a child.  “This is Princess Loren Argent and her private Sotarian, Sheridan—um…”
“Just Sheridan is fine.”  Sheridan gave her a courteous nod.
Deena nodded back.  “They’re visiting from the capital; I was very surprised when it wasn’t the King.”
“I thought I would give him a break,” Ren said before any more questions could be asked.  It wouldn’t do any good discussing the drugs and death.  But as she said it she realized that one of the people at her own table could be responsible for the deaths.  She clutched her hands together beneath the table, knowing that any foreigners here were suspects.  And all of the other guests at the inn were foreigners; it was obvious by what they wore.
The woman to Ren’s left was dressed as if she were about to go hunting, wearing full camouflage gear as well as a large pair of round sunglasses on top of her head.  When she noticed Ren staring at them she lifted her hand and felt the top of her head, her mouth forming a small “o”. 
“Whoops!” she cried.  “Not exactly royal manners, sorry your Majesty.”  She pulled them off and hooked them on a pocket on her shirt.
“Just Ren is fine, Mrs…”
“Mrs. Barry Lancome!” she cheered.  The twang that forced her words to rise was only worse with her excitement.  She looped an arm around the man beside her, wearing matching clothes.  “But you can call me Annabelle if you like.”
“It’s nice to meet you Annabelle, Mr. Lancome.”  She nodded at the man who only gave a gruff grunt in response.  Ren arched one brow; clearly he wasn’t as impressed with her status as everyone else.  He kept his hands flat on the table, as if unsure what to do without a fork and knife in his hands.  Ren noticed Sheridan tilt her head to observe him, considering him a possible threat.  To Ren he just looked nervous.
Movement from beside him drew Ren’s attention.
“Silly me!” Deena said.  She gave her forehead a slap.  “I forgot the cutlery—give me a moment.  I’ll grab the buns too.”  She disappeared behind a door where Ren soon heard a clatter of dishes.  She looked down at her plate, with its intricate flower and vine design dancing over the porcelain.  It was pretty and inviting, and she bet Deena picked them out herself.  Ren wondered where her partner might be in this business.
“And who might you be?” Annabelle questioned.  Ren flinched, thinking she was trying to coax a conversation out of Sheridan but found her leaned over the table, her hair falling onto her plate.  She was staring down a woman at the end of the table, eyeing her like prey.  The woman looked up.
“Oh, me?” she asked, pointing at her face.  “Name’s Val.”  Ren spotted a small silver “V” charm hanging around her neck.  Monarchy? Ren thought.  She doesn’t look like Monarchy.
“Val,” Annabelle repeated, “well it’s awfully nice to meet you.  Come to see the legendary planet too, eh?”
Val nodded her head back and forth.  “Yup, pretty much.”  She brushed a stray lock of black curls behind her ear, bunching her hands in her lap as she shrugged.  Her movements looked so familiar to Ren, and she realized it was because she’d done them herself a million times over.
Val was anxious.  It tore across Ren’s chest as she debated on what to do.  She wanted to make Val feel comfortable but Val was still a suspect.  There was a chance that she was the dealer from off the planet that brought the Howling Jade with her.  Still, looking at the woman she knew it couldn’t be her.  She couldn’t have been much older than Ren, and she looked too terrified to even talk now.  There was no way she could be smooth enough to sell a miracle cure to anyone.
“Here we are!” Deena cried.  The door slammed against the wall as Deena shoved it open with her hip, forks and knives in hand.  Everyone except Sheridan and Barry flinched at the clatter, and Ren could feel the adrenaline surge through her system as Deena placed the cutlery by her.  She set them on either side of the plate and moved quickly down the line, giving everyone a set.  As she rounded the table to give them to Sheridan Ren saw Val begin to switch her set around.  She picked them up three times, switching them back and forth before finally settling on how Deena had arranged them.  Carefully she poked her fork into place, making sure it was perfect.
A ding came from the kitchen, and Deena was off again.  Ren never took her eyes off Val.
She kept tapping her fingers, drumming them along the edge of the table.  Her eyes darted between the Lancome’s beside her to the empty chair next to Sheridan.  The door to the kitchen burst open again and Deena all but danced to the table and set down a large roast.  Ren’s stomach gave a small growl in response to the delicious smell, earning her a small snort from Sheridan.  She pressed her lips together, peeking at the others to make sure they didn’t notice.  They didn’t; the Lancome’s were too busy eyeing the roast while Val kept her eyes trained on the seat next to Sheridan.  Ren thought she saw a small shimmer of sweat on the woman’s brow, but knew it didn’t mean anything; the inn was warm, bordering on hot.
Deena noticed it too.  “Is something the matter dear?”
Val flinched, as if she hadn’t been aware there were other people in the room.  Quickly she set her cutlery on her plate and stood.  “I’m just going to change seats—no offense Mr. Lancome, you’re just swell and you don’t smell.  Ha, that rhymed.  Anyway,”—she moved around the table and fell into the chair beside Sheridan with a heavy sigh.  A very satisfied sigh.  “I just think it’ll be better if I sit here.”  She waved a hand in the air as if that explained everything.
The strange action didn’t stop Deena or the Lancome’s from gushing over the food as more dishes arrived.  It was only Ren and Sheridan that exchanged a glance, unsure of what had just happened.  Ren had her suspicions, but decided to leave it alone.
Once the final dish was on the table Deena took her seat at the opposite end, directly across from Ren.  Plates were passed around, and after being served large portions of everything first, Ren started to eat.  Everyone around her had waited until she took the first bite to start talking.  She gave a smile and complimented Deena, knowing how hard it must have been to serve up so much food herself.  Ren hadn’t seen anyone else in the inn to help.
“So what are you two doing on our fair planet?” Deena asked the Lancome’s.  Barry carefully cut a piece of pork and lifted it to his mouth, while Annabelle talked with her mouth full.  She thrust a fist into the air and replied, “We’re here to kill some beasts!”
Sheridan smirked, maybe entertained by the thought of Annabelle out in the forests battling an arenthrope.  The huge spider-like creatures were probably like nothing she’d ever seen before.  Just thinking back to the way they growled in the dark gave Ren goose bumps.
“You’re hunters,” Deena stated, darting her eyes away a moment.  Did she not like hunters?  Still, she continued to be pleasant.  “What kinds of beasts are you hunting for?”
“Anything,” Annabelle replied.  “We’ve hunted all across the galaxy and now we’re here for whatever else there is.”  She looked to Sheridan.  “So, tell me, what have you got here?  Spindlers?  I love a good Spindler hunt.”
Sheridan narrowed her eyes, and even Ren had to do the same.  What was a Spindler?  She’d never heard of such a thing.
“I think it would be best to discuss that with the Princess,” Sheridan finally said as she cut into a vegetable that Ren couldn’t name.  It was large and spiky and she had one of her own on her plate but she couldn’t bring herself to eat it.  It looked more dangerous than edible.
“Are you a hunter, Princess?” Barry asked, more curious now.  Ren knew she looked nothing like a hunter, or even like someone that could defend themselves in the wild.
“Not exactly,” Ren replied.  He didn’t seem surprised or disappointed when he looked back at his plate and gingerly cut another piece of pork off.  Annabelle, however, gasped and clutched at Ren’s arm.  Sheridan flinched, prepared to attack but holding back when she saw there was no real danger.  Still, she kept a tighter grip on her knife, just in case.
Annabelle grinned.  “You’ve done some killing though, haven’t you?  Isn’t it a rush to battle a beast and come out the victor?”
Different images flashed in Ren’s mind; running for her life beside Abetha and Sheridan through the forest, hiding in a cave as arenthrope threw themselves at the wall in hopes of getting in.  How she’d skewered one just as it was about to wrap its jaws around her head.  And finally Garret, a former Advisor for the Monarchy.  She gulped, remembering how he’d shot Kian just as Kian was about to kill her.  And how she’d Transported him onto the Absolution to drown.
Ren glanced at Sheridan, wondering if she’d been able to smell the copper at the time.  Sheridan had been knocked out a short time by Garret, and she didn’t actually see Ren send a man to his death but…Ren shivered and Annabelle finally let go of her arm.  Annabelle was still smiling as she shoved half of the spiky vegetable into her mouth.  “See?  You got the fever.  I always get the chills too.”
Ren took a gulp of water before she could answer.  When had her throat dried out so much?  “I don’t actively hunt, but there was a time when we were lost in the forest and attacked.”  She reached for the necklace she hid under her shirt, showing them the tooth of the arenthrope she’d killed.  “It was only one.”
Annabelle stared at the tooth like the trophy it was meant to be.  Abetha had been the one to suggest taking the proof, as evidence of the feat Ren had accomplished.  Everyone on Novae saw it as a trophy, much like Annabelle did, but Ren thought it was something very different.  It wasn’t a reward for her accomplishment, it was a reminder of how she’d changed.  There was once a time when Ren would have accepted her death at the hands of the arenthrope, and given up all her power to the Monarchy.  But not anymore.  Barry tilted his head as he looked at the large tooth.  She let it fall against her chest, letting the familiar weight calm her down in the unfamiliar setting.
“We gotta get ourselves one of those,” Annabelle stated.  She shoved a forkful of everything mashed together into her mouth while Barry just gave her a nod.
As the conversations continued Ren found it was really only Annabelle and Deena talking.  Everyone else had sunken into their chairs and avoided any kind of speech.  Well, Sheridan didn’t.  She was her usual stoic self, similar to Barry, actually.  It was only Ren and Val that had tried to stay out of the interactions.  It gave her the perfect opportunity to observe the foreigners and debate on what questions to ask.  She couldn’t see any of them as drug dealers, but she knew looks could be deceiving.  That was something she’d learned the hard way…more than once.
If she had to make a bet, she would put all her money on Annabelle.  The exuberant and uniquely charming woman was the life of the dinner now.  Ren could see her selling something easily, claiming it was a miracle cure that could fix anything.
Ren also noticed that Val was doing something similar to herself; watching.  Observing.  Studying.  She would have found it suspicious if she hadn’t been doing the exact same thing, but it made her wonder why Val would.  Ren also noticed how comfortable Val was now that she’d moved further away from the Lancome’s—even if it was just a single table’s distance away.  Ren shifted her eyes towards the Lancome’s, wondering if Val knew something about them that she didn’t.

