

The Celestials



A Science Fiction Novel

By


Richard Wood


cover picture was kindly produced for me by my brother
 Andrew Wood


########



Copyright


Copyright Richard Wood 2012 all rights reserved
Smashwords Edition

This novel is a work of fiction.  Names characters and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination, or are used fictitiously and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead within the last 500 years is entirely coincidental.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,please purchase an additional copy for them.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


##########


Table of Contents



Title

Copyright
Dedication
Preface
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
The Author


########



Dedication


I would like to thank the following for their invaluable assistance while I wrote this novel.
My partner Petronella.  For standing by me, through thick and thin.
My Brothers
Joseph.  For his help, with the initial editing.
Gerald.  A true sci-fi buff, for his invaluable help and advice.  That caused me to revise extensively the beginning of this novel.
Andrew For his work on the revised book cover.


########



Preface


In the event of war do not call us.  We will call you.


Light-years from home, about to carry out a survey of their designated star system.  The crew of a survey vessel learn they are now at war with an unknown adversary who has destroyed a sister vessel in another quadrant.  All that is known of the enemy is the side-view  shape of their giant vessel.  Shaped like a letter Z, they are henceforth designated as Zedds, by the Central Command War Council.  This then is the prelude to the adventures and the horrors of fighting a war of survival, within a war, on an alien planet.  Which would ultimately cost the lives of millions of beings.  That has yet to unfold for the unsuspecting crew.


########



Prologue



The jet-black ship comprised of two flattened ovoid a kilometre wide connected by a diagonal strut, which from the side looked like a Z had been travelling for two years from its home planet of Taltala.
It was passing the nearest solar system to its home star when it happened.  None of the three watch-keepers aboard the ship noticed anything untoward as it passed through the tenuous cloud, but this cloud was alive.  It had evolved in space for a billion years, and had formed a co-operative intelligence, that had culminated in its present form, of a collective sticky mat that trapped free-floating atoms and used them as energy fuel enabling it to grow.  It had spread to be 100,000 kilometres wide and was frenziedly sucking the life-giving atom feast, blown its way on the solar wind from the nearby sun.  The ship tore a hole in it and continued on its way, oblivious of the sticky mass that now enveloped a large part of its lower portion.
At first, the sticky mass on the ship was shocked at the severance from the main collective mat then realizing it was on a food source so rich it became delirious with joy. It had never dreamt such food abundance could exist and set to work eating the atoms of the ship and procreating.
Fourteen years later when the ship was close to its target solar system and its crew were revived from stasis, only then did they begin to realize that something was terribly wrong when they found the ship was blind, had no communications.  The three watch keepers were missing, and the airtight doors throughout the ship are closed.
His engineers were telling Lord Ravana the ship's commander, that a sticky acid, which had already eaten its way through the deck hull in several places, was, slowly eating the lower engine deck.
He sent out a team of men in space suits to investigate.  They quickly returned and went through the decontamination chambers, so they could safely remove their suits.  They reported that the acid was all over the exterior of the ship, but the lower deck was the worst affected.  All the escape pods are damaged beyond immediate repair, as the top half of each pod protruded through the ship’s hull, and the acid had damaged them all.  However, the most pressing worry is; they are heading toward a planetary system sun at nearly half the speed of light.
Lord Ravana acted immediately and reversed the thrust on the drive, but in his heart, he knew it was probably too late to save his ship, he ordered the fighters readied to evacuate the crew, and a distress buoy with all the information they had on this disaster to be programmed to return to their home system.
The twenty thousand warriors aboard in stasis tanks could not be revived as there were not enough ships to transport them to the nearest habitable planet, it was better if they remained in stasis and never knew they had died, thought Lord Ravana.
There was now a rush to service the twenty-five fighters aboard and bring them back up to operational readiness, as they had been mothballed, for the long journey across space.
The crew worked frantically around the clock but not all the ships are prepared in time, only five ships made it the remainder of the crew are charged with getting the distress buoy away and saving themselves if they can.
The ship has slowed down considerably but not enough to give the remaining crew many chances.  They have even less time than they had originally thought as they are now on a collision course with a planet that is traversing their ship's course as it plunges headlong toward this system's sun.  Two extra-overcrowded ships make it out of the hangar deck.
They watch in awe as the giant ship hits the red planet's thin atmosphere burning off the live sticky net of acid that enveloped it, then glowing as it streaked onward across the planet at an oblique angle, to disappear into a massive canyon system that stretched for 4,000 kilometres across the planet’s surface.
If its trajectory had been only five thousand kilometres higher, it would have missed the planet completely thought Lord Ravana watching the inglorious end of his ship.
The seven surviving vessels turned and began accelerating toward the distant third planet that had oxygen and water so their instruments told them.  Only three would make landfall the rest would be lost in the planet’s atmosphere burning up on entry.
Two ran out of oxygen being crammed to over capacity with a crew trying to flee the ship.  One had suffered a control engine failure that had resulted in a runaway reactor core.  The crew had already died from heat and radiation before the reactor melted its way through the vessels hull.  The fourth one almost made it but its command control computer system was incorrectly calibrated, when it entered the third planet’s atmosphere, it was at too steep an angle and burnt up before the crew could correct the problem.


########



Chapter One



In the event of war do not call us.  We will call you.



The ship was a one hundred metre diameter ring, thirty metres thick.  It bristled with antenna, dishes, and three equally spaced bulges around its outer rim.  Shaped like a cartwheel, its three spokes stopped at the central hub, which contained the Stella drive.
Two eyes faintly glowing in the blackness surveying the bridge in the infrared.  Most of the bridge screens are powered down, only a dim green glow from the collision detector lighting the far corner of the control room.  Suddenly, a red light started flashing on the main console, and a screen came to life, as the light lit the features of the android, it reacted, picting a stream of telepathic commands to the Ship and the medical android, both responded instantly.
Lights started coming on all over the interior of the ship.  Blowers and air scrubbers whined into action.  In the deep sleep capsules, liquid began pumping out, leaving the wet bodies of the crew gently warming and drying, ready for revival.  Needles painlessly slid into the supine bodies, pumping the controlled antidote to the paralysing serum, which was part of the hibernation process.  There were six chambers containing three men and three women.  They were humanoid in form with six digits on hands and feet.  Two androids, permanently awake, ran the day-to-day routine of the ship, and made up the crew complement of eight, the standard for a survey vessel of this type.
The humanoids were not a naturally telepathic race, but their cortex implants enabled them to communicate with one another, the ship’s central computer, and the androids by picting images of the unified language command set, of course; it only worked in the confines of the ship or the Lander craft it carried.  The implants were very low powered nanometre sized transceivers that used the whole of the interior of the ship to capture boost and resend each of the transmissions.  Hypnotically planted in the crew’s subconscious were the 600 symbolic pictures that made up the unified language command set.  The command set had evolved from the thought-controlled weapons system head-up displays used in the early global planetary fighter aircraft, so mostly it was used to command and control equipment on board ship, although it was also used as a language.  They still used vocals to speak to one another in the old tongue, especially in intimate moments, or to sing, hum, and whistle.
This was the fifteenth time the crew had been awakened.  It was medical practice to bring the crew out of hibernation every 300 days to eat, exercise, and send and receive messages home.  The medical android, Adeetoo, was checking the six banks of life-support data, ensuring everything remained within accepted limits.
Gravity was returning slowly as thrusters gently started the ship spinning about its central axis.  Before long, the revived crew had gathered in the main lounge enjoying the standard wake-up meal of nutrient gruel.
The captain, Ancore Upala, was tall for a female at five feet eleven inches.  She was slim of hips and wide in the shoulder.  Her most outstanding features were her eyes, deep golden with lighter flecks, wide spaced and almond shaped, almost hypnotic.  Her skin was a light coffee colour.  Neither she, nor the other members of the crew, had a hair on head or body
What they all had in common was a mass of tiny nodules over the top of their heads and down the backs of their necks, which looked like hieroglyphic tattoos, and slightly elongated earlobes also covered in tiny nodules.
Ancore’s bond mate was Rogan Kalkin the ship's navigator.  He had piercing blue eyes, was six feet two inches tall, with white skin and an athletic build.  They were busy checking the status and position of the ship with the android, Adeeone, who was on watch in the control room of the ship.
The rest of the crew included ship’s engineer Breen Marut, five feet ten, and built like a battleship, with huge muscular hands, cream skin, and serious grey eyes.  His bond mate was, Glaina Daru, her green eyes shone with intelligence.  Long-legged, five feet seven, with a willowy build and copper coloured skin, she was second in command and science officer.
Nassel Srinath was the weapons and security specialist.  He stood five feet nine, of light build and twinkling brown eyes, with a swarthy complexion.  His mate, Fantee Ellama, was the communications officer.  She was so black; she almost looked dark green in some lights.  She was five feet six, beautifully curvaceous, with cheeky honey brown eyes, and an infectious grin.
Ancore, the captain, after gathering the status of the ship from each of them spoke to the crew.
“We are close to our destination, a grade two yellow star with ten planets orbiting.  The third planet looks interesting, having all the criteria for life.  It will take months to slow the ship down enough to manoeuvre her on to the correct orbit to survey the chosen planet.  I have decided the entire crew should stay up and run the ship, while long-range intelligence and surveillance gathering continues.”  She then said, “Fantee, please drop a communications relay buoy and open comms to receive any messages from command central, and family and friends.”
Fantee responded with a quick series of picted instructions to the ship’s central computer, while still finishing her nutrient gruel.
The rest of the crew was chattering among themselves, all of them still recovering from the after-effects of hibernation.  They are all clothed in skin-tight one-piece white garments.  Each garment interpreted how the crewmember was feeling and radiated complex patterns of colour that made them look like slowly changing rainbows.  The two androids also wore loose one-piece suits, but theirs were plain light blue for Adeeone the Ships Systems android, and plain light green for Adeetoo Ships Medical android.  The suits were a spin-off from the camouflage suits developed during the final war to unite their home planets.  They had grown so popular after the war that everyone now wore them.  A trend back home was branding.  Nearly all the suits worn by the public are smothered in advertising and corporate branding, which had spread to every part of the home planets.  Now only the military and the deep space survey team suits were free from advertising, and even that might change when they returned home.  Ancore closed the meeting saying, “Can I suggest that everyone records message's home before tomorrow’s day watch.”
The crew all knew which watch they were on.  It was split into three, two-person watches.  The Androids never needing sleep were always on duty.
Adeetoo called a Travelator, a small step with a handle at waist height that travelled the main corridor, and zoomed out of sight towards the medical centre.
Breen and Glaina had the first watch, and took a Travelator each to the bridge where they activated the forward viewing screen.  The views of space never failing to thrill them.
Glaina began discussing with Breen how glad she was not to be going back into hibernation.  “It’s the worst part of this job.  I do wish they could invent some less frightening method of hibernation for us.”
“Why don’t you carry out some research into a possible alternative?” suggested Breen.  “You have the use of central library, and Adeetoo.  If you needed further help, I would be willing to help although I am not medically minded.  I must say the thought of it always gives me the heebie-jeebies.  I’ve never met anybody who could honestly say it didn’t frighten them”
“Well,” Glaina replied, “I don’t want to think about it now for a few days, but I will keep it in mind.”
They busied themselves recording messages to friends and family, although they did not make many friends outside the service in this job.
The comms console lit up to display the Logo Of Command Central, a circle of ten planets surrounding a circle of six linked hands, which represented the six colonised planets of their home solar system, and the ten planets in total that it contained.  Suddenly, the screen started flashing red at one-second intervals.  A flash red code meant an encoded message of the highest priority for the captain’s eyes only.  Breen immediately routed it to the captain’s secure comms booth, and picted the captain of his actions.  Ancore responded and hurried to her quarters to decode the message.  The rest of the crew was in a tizzy of speculation.  None of them had ever seen a flash red before; it was the highest priority message any vessel could receive.  It was unheard of.  The consensus was that something grave was happening at home.
Ancore arrived in the crew lounge having ordered Adeeone to relieve Breen and Glaina on the bridge while the crew had a meeting.  “I’m sorry to tell you that we must stop any routine transmission's home from this moment, until we receive orders, to the contrary,” she told them.
“It seems that survey vessel four has found an intelligent space-faring life form in the third quadrant, ten-light-years from our own system.  They are hostile, and as advanced as we are maybe even ahead of us.”  Ancore picted and the decoded message displayed.
Haldene was the head of the deep-space survey corps.  His image filled the centre of the table around which they sat.
“All survey ship captains have been sent this flash red order.  On receiving this communication, no routine messages are to be sent home, only encoded flash messages.  The reason for this order is that survey vessel four, while exploring the third quadrant some ten light years out, had a meeting with a hostile, intelligent space-faring species.  We are including the last transmission from DSSV4 at the end of this flash alert.  Survey vessels still outbound should continue with their original missions.  You will be kept informed by regular bulletins.  It is with deep regret, that I have to tell you of the loss of DSSV4 and her entire crew.  Please join me in one minute of silence for our fallen comrades.”
Haldene then rose and bowed his head, Ancore and her crew following suit.  At the end of the minute, Haldene sat; the crew of DSSV7 copied his action.
He then continued, “The Central Council has therefore issued a declaration of war against an undetermined alien species, to henceforth be called Zedds, because of the shape of the only vessel of theirs that we have met so far.  All planets, inhabitants, and space vessels are now mobilised, space borne weapons and weapons research is centralised under the war cabinet.  Captains of deep-space survey teams have their orders.  We know that you are lightly armed; therefore, it is paramount that if you meet any Zedd vessels, your first duty is to gather whatever intelligence possible and send it home by encoded flash communication.  Under no circumstances, endanger your ships or the lives of your crews.  Safe passages to you all, Haldene out.”
The crew sat stunned by the enormity of Haldene’s message until as if on some unbidden command, they all started talking at once.  Nassel, who had been in the same class as Brise Erval, captain of D.S.S.V.4 let rip with, “Those bastard Zedds!  May they get sucked into a black hole and squeezed until their ship creaks.”
This caused some wry grins around the table, and broke the tension.  Ancore broke into the resulting babble, and called up the last transmission from DSSV4, and its analysis.
They all watched in silence as the control bridge of DSSV4 filled the centre of the table.  The Vis screen showed the planet they were orbiting and Navigation officer, Jeedo, releasing and positioning the navigation and surveillance buoy.  He had just finished, and had begun plotting the position of the next buoy when the scanners started bleeping at an approaching object that had appeared over the planet’s horizon.
Captain Erval magnified the object on screen, and gasps of delight enveloped the control room.  Another vessel!  First, alien contact!  The vessel was in geosynchronous orbit above the planet, shaped in side view like the symbol Z it would pass two kilometres below them.  “Hail them on all frequency bands, Maylin,” ordered the captain to her comms officer.  “Record and send all data to command central.  Tanix, take us out to 100 kilometres above the alien vessel.”
“One zero zero, ay,” intoned engineer Tanix.
Salvane the weapon's officer chimed in, “Vessel diameter one kilometre.  Distance fifteen hundred kilometres.  Closing speed, three kilometres per second.  We will be above them in eight point three minutes captain.”
“Thank you, Salvane,” responded the captain.  ”This is a historic day for us all crew, a moment to savour.  Diamond cluster, first contact medals for all I shouldn’t wonder, plus we’ll all share the funds of the first contact pot.”
The captain was referring to the pot which all the crews of the deep survey ships put one credit per month of their pay into.  The first crew to contact an alien space-faring species scoops the pot.  Maylin, at that moment, reported that she was getting no response to her hails from the alien vessel.
“All right, Maylin, carry out a deep scan of the alien,” the captain replied.  After a few seconds, Maylin reported that some unknown force field was blocking the scan.  By now, they were just reaching the one hundred-kilometre point above the alien.
Compared to DSSV4 the alien ship was enormous.  Its skin was the deepest black that their equipment could measure; even the slanting rays of the sun produced no visible sheen on the surface of the vessel.  In deep space, it would be invisible.  At that moment, as they were almost directly above the alien, an opening appeared, lit from within with a faint blue light.  Suddenly, a greenish ball of plasma came jetting up towards them.
The captain immediately picted the force field shield deployed and uttered one word, “WHAT...?”  Before the screen went blank.
The next view was from the buoy, just as the green ball of plasma rose from the alien.  It climbed with increasing speed towards DSSV4.  There was a flash, and DSSV4 vanished.  Seconds later, a laser beam lanced toward the buoy and the screen blanked out.  The face of Chief Science officer, Klaydom, now filled the screen.  He began the analysis without any preamble.
“We are convinced, after our examination under high magnification and slowing down the playback of the images from DSSV4, and the navigation buoy.  The plasma ball fired at the survey ship was a ball of anti-matter.  From the colour signature, we are positive it was anti-deuterium.  As you might know, we have been experimenting with anti-matter for many years now, but have so far been unable to contain it long enough to produce a weapon.  Therefore, it is back to the drawing boards for the science community.  What of the alien ship?  Well, we could detect nothing inside the opening on the hull of the craft, shortly before the plasma ball ejected.  Externally nothing gave a clue to its system of propulsion.  We suppose it could be a magnetic or antimagnetic drive inside one, or both the hulls of the alien vessel.  Now, for the force field, they used to prevent us deep scanning them.  We have had success in that area, and have sent a programming update for your command control systems with this message.  This will give you the ability to deep-scan them if you have contact in the future.  That is the end of my report and this message.  May I wish you safe passages, Klaydom, out.”
Ancore gazed around the table at the faces of her crew.  Fantee and Glaina were both busy wiping their eyes; Breen had something stuck in his throat that he was having trouble swallowing, while Nassel and Rogan were blowing their noses.  “Listen up crew,” she said, having received more time than the others had to get over the shock of the news, while she had been decoding it.  “I want all around long-range scanning with automatic proximity alarms set up.  I don’t want anything bigger than a proton to get within a million kilometres of us, without me knowing.”
She looked around the table.  Her golden coloured eyes fixed on Nassel.  “Nassel see if you can come up with a weapon that has a big punch, but does not need us to manoeuvre the ship before firing.”
Nassel nodded consent and started picting through the stores manifest, to find out just what was available on board that he could use to build a weapon.
“Glaina liaise with Nassel, please?”  Ancore looked at her crew frowning in concentration.
“The rest of us will carry out maintenance and calibration checks on all ship’s systems.  I want to know that everything aboard is in tiptop order.  Nothing is to be left to chance.  Adeeone and Adeetoo will take over watch duties, until the first watch tomorrow.  All right, I suggest we have a meal now and then get to it.”  Ancore was working on the principle that keeping the crew busy would keep their minds off the terrible news they had all just received.
The crew split up taking travelators to their task areas.  This was a step with a handle at waist height containing a speed change button, affixed to a rail on the outer edge of the ships main corridor.  They would speedily transport a person around the circumference of the ship.
The following day the ship’s routine had returned to normal, Nassel, and Glaina were still working on strengthening the ship’s long-range attack powers, so far without any tangible results.  It was a difficult task.  Ancore told the rest of the crew that any ideas on the subject were welcome.  Meanwhile, the routine of the ship continued.
Ancore held a meeting on the G2 star they were to survey.  When all were present, Rogan picted several commands, in the centre of the table, an image from the long-range scanners displayed.  It showed the star that had been designated for their survey.  Even at an extreme magnification, it looked small and insignificant, with its ten planets barely visible.
Rogan hi-lighted it on the display to make it clearer, and then changed it to columns of figures displaying the various properties of the third planet, which comprised of water and rock with an iron core.  Fantee then remarked, “As far as the equipment can resolve, there are no detectable signal emissions from the planet.  This might mean it is uninhabited, or not yet into a technical age, or it might have some form of communication that my equipment cannot detect at this distance.”
Meanwhile, Rogan was consulting with Ancore about the timing of the braking manoeuvre.  They agreed they could continue coasting along at their present velocity of half-light speed, for three months before the ship needed rotating and the stellar drive activating.
The Stella drive was originally designed as a disruption cannon in geostationary orbit above the home planet during the great unification war.  Used in short bursts it was completely stable.  Running the drive for longer than ten hours would result in the super-cooled magnetic containment field overheating and losing cohesion.  The ship then would reduce to a cloud of free electrons.  One advantage of the drive was it could be a weapon if needed.  While it was operating to accelerate the ship, the crew need not worry about cosmic debris in their line of travel, like very small asteroids and particles.  The Stella drive annihilated everything in its path for several thousand kilometres ahead of the ship, as it sucked itself along.
During the next three months, central command contacted them once a month, with various updates, but no further alien sightings were reported.  The weapons under development back home were progressing slowly.  Much more rapid was the building of a new class of deep-space war vessel.  It had state of the art command control, and a revolutionary new drive engine that would enable it to reach eighty-five per cent of the speed of light.
Things were also progressing aboard DSSV7.  Nassel and Glaina had come up with a powerful super conductive rail gun, with a laser targeting designator, which linked into the ship’s long-range scanners.  The rail gun fired a magnetised plastic disc.  Fitted into the centre was another disc containing a pellet of heavy hydrogen, also known as Tritium.  Surrounding the Hydrogen pellet was an array of sub-miniature, but powerful, pulsed lasers.  The central disc measured just seven centimetres across.  Glaina and Nassel explained to Ancore and the rest of the crew how it would perform.  “We can build at least two rail guns,” said Glaina, “fitted to each side of the outer rim of the ship’s hull.  It will mean Adeeone or Adeetoo, will have to go outside the hull to fit them, though.”
Both androids volunteered to carry out the space walk, and fit the rail guns when built.  Ancore thanked them both.  Nassel continued explaining how the guns would work.  “The rail gun will fire at the target the laser designator is focused on.  When the plastic disc enters the light beam from the designator laser at the target, it excites the pulsed sub-miniature lasers in the centre of the disc.  They fire a pulse of intense photon energy at over twenty million degrees centigrade into the heavy hydrogen.  This instantly compresses, causing nuclear fusion.  In effect, we have just fired at great speed, a small hydrogen bomb that will detonate on the lit up area of the target.”  Nassel cleared his throat and continued.
“We can automate loading the discs into the rail guns, and we estimate the rate of fire would be one disc every three seconds from each gun.  That’s firepower!” ended Nassel.  There was a spontaneous burst of clapping from the rest of the crew and grins of relief all-round.  At least now, they would have something that they could defend and attack with, and it did not need them to manoeuvre the ship, before they started firing.
Ancore spoke for the rest of the crew when she said, “Well done both of you.  Just, two points:  A: What time frame are we thinking of?  B: How many discs can we make?”
Glaina answered for them both.  “Using nano technology, building the replicator for the discs shouldn’t take more than a couple of days.  Once the replicator is working, each disc should only take a few minutes to reproduce.  We have estimated we could have 4,800 discs in ten days, and there are enough spares on-board to reproduce over 100,000 discs.  While on the subject of discs, we do not want anything triggering them prematurely, so we have designed the discs with a fail-safe.  They can only be activated after being fired from the rail gun and the proximity detector decides the disc is a safe distance from the ship, before it will arm itself.”  Nassel then spoke, “I can have both rail guns ready for fitting in eight days, and estimate another two days to fit them on the outer hull.  It will take another two or three days to test fire and calibrate them to the laser designators.  In fourteen days tops, we’ll be ready for action.”
“Excellent timing,” said Ancore.  “In fourteen days we need to rotate ship and fire up the Stella drive to slow us down in preparation for planetary orbiting manoeuvres.”
That evening Breen and Glaina were jogging around the ship before turning in for the night.  “Where did the idea for sub-miniature lasers come from?” asked Breen.
“Oh, we found the idea in Adeetoo’s medical laboratory.  He was showing us some of his sub-miniature blood gas labs; they are built on a four-centimetre slice of glass.  There are whole laboratories complete down to electron microscopes on eight square centimetre slices.  It was easy to create sub-miniature pulsed lasers from the designs of the medical lasers.
We then re-programmed some of the medical nanobots to build them for us.  Nassel came up with the idea of a rail gun.  Fitting the H-bomb to the plastic disc just naturally evolved between us, and Nassel put the finishing touches to it with the targeting laser.”
“Well, I’m so proud of you,” panted Breen and staggered into their cabin, which they had just reached.  “I’m ready for a sonic shower, and my bunk.”  Glaina gave him a kiss.  “I’m having a glass of juice.  Do you want one?”
“No thanks,” said Breen.  “Just a shower and bed for me.”
During the next two weeks, everything progressed smoothly.  The only change to their original plans was that Glaina encased the heavy hydrogen in the centre of each disc inside a glass bead.  Adeeone and Adeetoo had both been outside the hull, fitting the rail guns.  When not in use, the rail guns retracted inside the hull through a simple airlock arrangement.  This preserved the hull’s integrity.  It also meant the guns could be serviced without going for a spacewalk.  Breen, Nassel, Glaina and Rogan, spent two days testing and calibrating the weapons.
They fired empty navigation and surveillance capsules ahead of the ship, tracked them until they were varying distances from the ship, and then carried out the test firing, calibrating the guns and designator lasers.  There were satisfying flashes, showing small hydrogen explosions from ten kilometres out to five thousand kilometres ahead of the ship.
When they had finished the test firing, they had a meal, before rotating the ship 180 degrees to face the way they had come from.  The Stella drive could then begin to start slowing the ship down on its long fall toward the distant solar system, they were intent on reaching.
They rotated the ship, and as the spin reduced to zero, they became weightless until the Stella drive kicked in.  The braking force steadied to one gee.  Every ten hours, the Stella drive shut down for an hour; otherwise, the containment field might overheat and disintegrate along with the ship.  Every ten hours the lighting aboard ship would dim and brighten for one minute.  This signalled, they were about to go weightless for an hour.  It repeated, before the Stella drive engaged to signal a return of gravity.  Any crew in their bunks had a netting restraint over them, to stop them from floating out of their bunks while asleep when weightless.  Otherwise, injuries could result if they floated about, and gravity suddenly returned.  You had to be in a deep sleep not to feel the return of gravity, though.
The androids, Adeeone and Adeetoo, went back to their game playing routine when they were not busy.  This had evolved during the long intervals when the rest of the crew was in hibernation.  Three-dimensional chaturanga (a fore runner of modern day chess) was the consuming passion of the moment.  They also enjoyed setting each other three-dimensional crossword puzzles.  The rest of the crew was into various activities.  Fantee was into singing.  She had a beautiful voice with a four-octave range.  Nassel played accompaniment on a Celandine that produced wonderfully haunting melodies.  Fantee mostly sang in the old-style, using the voice as another instrument.  Ancore and Rogan were both fitness freaks, and spent their spare time either jogging around the ship, or practising hand-to-hand combat.  Breen and Glaina preferred watching old TriDee Vid Discs, or spending time building scale miniature models by hand, none of this nano-technology replication for them, thank you.
The three months of braking manoeuvres passed uneventfully.  The Stella drive shut down, and the ship put into a spin around its central axis until gravity reached one gee.  Slowly, the ship fell into the solar system they had chosen to explore.  Ancore had the crew of DSSV7 busy observing and collating data on the solar system.
One of the gas giants they were passing was beautiful with the sunlight causing its accretion discs of ice particles to glow with the colours of the rainbow.
“Look at this moon,” called Rogan.  “It’s three hundred and ninety kilometres in diameter, and has an impact crater on it that spans a quarter of that.”  He magnified it on screen so everyone could see it clearly, before resetting the screen back to general view.  “That must have nearly torn the moon apart.”
Glaina was studying the planet's largest moon.  “This one has an atmosphere of nitrogen and methane.  Mind you, it is large, over five thousand kilometres across.”  By the end of that day, they had catalogued eighteen moons around the planet.
Captain Ancore made a general announcement, “Adeeone and Adeetoo.  I am turning the bridge over to you for the next two days.  As for the rest of us, we have all worked hard enough since coming out of hibernation.  I, therefore, order a party and two days off duty for us all.”  There was a cheer of approval around the control room, and a general scramble as they all left to freshen up before the party.
Breen and Rogan rigged up a TriDee Vid of waves breaking on the shore of the most beautiful of all the islands of home.  It was Monvay Island at sunset, with its white sandy beaches, fringed with flame trees leaning out toward the sea, the magically soothing sounds of the surf, and seabird's flying inland to roost after a hard day fishing.  When the rest of the crew arrived, there were cries of admiration.  “We should keep it like this all the time,” gushed Fantee.
Ancore called for a vote.  It was unanimous.  Everyone found it so refreshing and homely.  “All right motion carried," pronounced Ancore.  “Let the festivities begin.”  For this special occasion, Ancore had given permission, for the replicator to be reprogrammed with a selection of exotic and alcoholic drinks that Nassel was busy serving.  They agreed the party should follow a time-honoured tradition, drinks and small talk, followed by a concert performed by Nassel and Fantee, after which was feasting, followed by music and dancing.
Many hours later, the party was starting to wind down.  Rogan and Fantee held each other tightly.  As they moved in time to a slow languid tune, the pinks, reds, and violets given off by their tunics showed, they were enjoying each other’s company more than a little.  Glaina was in deep discussion with Nassel about hand weapons.  She liked the laser hand weapons; he was praising the virtues of the old recoilless sniper rifle, with thermal imaging and a magazine holding fifty hollow point bullets.  Ancore and Breen were discussing whether there was such a person as a supreme being, who created everything.  Alternatively, whether there were other multiple universes?  Both were bleary-eyed, and nodding off now and again.
Bleee, blaaah!  Bleee, blaaah!  Bleee, blaaah!  The emergency siren was sounding an ear-splitting call to general quarters all over the ship.  Adeeone was picting the captain to the bridge.  Immediately there was a general scramble for travelators, Ancore taking the first one.  Breen, just behind Glaina, fell off his half way to the control room.  As its speed is cranked up to the maximum, he went tumbling about the corridor and finally collided with Fantee and Rogan, who were behind him.  They all came off their travelators and ended in a dazed and tangled heap.  Nassel picted Adeetoo to come and check out the groaning mass in the corridor; then carried on at full speed to the control room.  Adeeone was briefing the captain, “Asteroid detected, on collision path, fourth quadrant, and time to impact twenty-three-point five minutes.  Asteroid mass Thirty-eight metric tonnes.  Recommend Stella drive braking manoeuvre.”  Ancore had shut down the siren, and could now think a bit straighter in the resulting silence.
“Breen, Fantee and Rogan have had an accident in the main corridor.  I’ve sent Adeetoo to help them,” reported Nassel.
Ancore acknowledged and replied, “Glaina take over engineering.  Nassel, comms please.  Adeeone, the navigation console.”
She then picted Adeetoo, seeking a report on the condition of the rest of the crew.  “Breen has suffered a serious head wound and has broken his left wrist.
Fantee has a concussion and bruises, and Rogan has a broken nose and sprained right ankle.  I am transporting them to sick bay now.”
Ancore replied, “Strap them down.  I am about to start the thrusters and stop the ship spinning before engaging the Stella drive.  I don’t want them injured when we go weightless.”
She checked everyone was strapped in, and then gave the order to Glaina, “start thrusters!  Take the spin off the ship as fast as you can.  Adeeone, call out the time to impact at one-minute intervals and activate the main viewing screen.”  The screen covering almost the entire wall of the control room, lit up with a small shimmy, before it hardened into focus.  They could not see the asteroid against the stars, but it was outlined in red by the proximity detectors.  “Nineteen minutes to impact,” intoned Adeeone.
Just then, the proximity detectors emitted an alarm warble, and another object ringed in red appeared on the edge of the screen.  “Eighteen minutes, range to second asteroid two hundred and seventy-five thousand kilometres.  Spin will stop in six minutes,” intoned Adeeone.
“I want to brake the ship, so we miss the first asteroid by a minimum of fifty kilometres, but not so slow that we run into the second asteroid.  Recommendation, please,” said Ancore.  Adeeone picting commands to ships central computer faster than the mind could follow said, ‘seventeen minutes to impact.  Recommend eleven point two minute burn at four Gee.”
“Begin burn at twelve minutes to impact.  Give a ten-second countdown to burn,” ordered Ancore.  Minutes passed like seconds.  The ship had stopped spinning.  They were now weightless awaiting ten-second count down.  “Ten,” “Nine,” the count came down.  At “One,” the containment field was stable, and the Stella drive fired.
The seats cushioned them.  They were computer-controlled so the Gee forces always pushed them into the seats at the ideal angle.  They stayed pinned until the Stella drive shut down, and they were once more weightless.  The seats swung around and back up to their original positions.
On the view screen, only the stars could be seen as the first asteroid ringed in red passed in front of them no more than fifty kilometres away.  Now came the waiting, while Adeeone was checking the relative trajectories of the ship and the second asteroid.  It took forever.  In fact, it had taken just one second, and most of that time had been his brain converting his response into audio.  “The second asteroid will pass astern at two hundred fifty-three kilometres, Captain,” reported Adeeone.
“Well done everybody.  Glaina spin up ship to one Gee.  When that is done, Adeeone and I will stand watch while you both go to check your partners.  Nassel relieve me in four hours.”
She sank back into her chair as gravity slowly returned, and Glaina and Nassel hurried off to sickbay.  Waves of tiredness washed over her.  It took all her willpower to keep her eyes open.  Mentally, she scolded herself while she brought the ships log up-to-date.  What utter idiocy, staging a party while coasting through a solar system.  She should have foreseen the possibility of asteroid belts.  Now she had three crewmembers, one her dear Rogan, lying injured in sickbay.
With that thought still churning around in her head, she picted Rogan to find out how he was feeling, but he was asleep.  Adeetoo sent her a report by TriDee of Rogan, Fantee and Breen. “They are all under sedation, and Glaina with Nassel comforting her has just left to get some sleep.  Rogan will be fine he will have black eyes for a while, his nose is reset, and the right ankle taped.  Another couple of pain killing injections tomorrow and he will be back on duty the day after.  Fantee suffered a blow to the head and had lost consciousness.  She has heavy bruising of her buttocks, and shoulder, a night under observation, and a massage with painkiller lotion; she also should be fit for duty the day-after tomorrow.  Breen will be out of action for a while.  He had caught his head on one of the Travelator steps, and it had sliced the flesh open to the bone from jaw line to the top of the ear on the other side of the head.  He had lost much blood before the bleeding could be staunched; he has had a transfusion of one litre of his own blood from storage.  The face and head have undergone micro surgery when it heals it will be undetectable.  The bone in the wrist has been pinned, and when healed, it should be normal.  I estimate a week before he is fighting to get out of sickbay.  End of report, Adeetoo out.”
Ancore sat brooding over recent events.  What was it, the old saying?  “Bad things come in three’s?”  If that is true, she mused what is next.
Her eye fell on Adeeone sitting motionless at the navigation console.  He was picting commands and collating the reams of data pouring in about the solar system, plotting trajectories of asteroids, planets, moons, solar-energy streams, magnetic anomalies, temperatures, sizes of bodies, rotations, building a TriDee navigational chart of this solar system. “Well,” she thought, “we will not be caught out when it is time to leave this system.  How unlucky could we be?  The chances of travelling through a solar system and being on a collision course with an asteroid must be billions to one.”
She finished writing up the ships log, stretched and got up from her chair and wandered around the bridge.  Anything to stop herself falling asleep, she checked comms, but no new messages had come in.  It would have signalled automatically if there had been a communication.  She looked at the view screen, all those stars.  Thinking of the vast distance, they had travelled from their home star to this one.  Seven and a half light years!  One light year is about ten trillion kilometres, so they had travelled seventy-five trillion kilometres.  Her mind could not grasp the distance.  It was just figures.
At last, Nassel arrived on the bridge to relieve her.  “All system's green,” she told him, using the old navy flier’s expression.  “I have the bridge.  Good night, captain,” replied Nassel. She went straight to her quarters, took a quick sonic shower and fell into her bunk.  She was asleep almost as soon as her head hit the pillow.
The next couple of days were routine for the crew.  Glaina felt bored on watch with just an android to talk with.  It was not the same as another person.  Especially when you knew, they were right.  They were just so clinical, so damn precise.  You could not get a debate or an argument from them.  She thought, “When I was a little girl, I had a pet rock with more personality.”
She tried to immerse herself in the routine of checking out the data pouring in from all the different types of scans the ship was automatically running, but her mind kept wandering, “What was happening at home?  Had any more Zedds been sighted?”  Whatever messages they did receive were at least seven and a half years old.
She sat watching Adeeone checking his screens.  She thought about androids; both androids had been the latest super seven series built by the Vomisa foundation, with what were then, state of the art positron brains.  They were five feet seven inches tall, with oval heads containing two eyes, for stereoscopic vision, with a one-piece waterproof shield over them, below which was a lipped closable waterproof hole containing a speaker for vocal communication.  On each side of the head was a hole containing the hearing microphones, and again, they could be closed with a waterproof membrane.  Their skeletons were light but strong alloy, covered with a honey coloured, non-stick plasticised, and soft but tough foam skin.  The inside of the chest cavity contained the compact, well-shielded fission reactor, which had a life span of around one thousand years.  In place of a stomach was the refrigeration plant.  Behind the head was a finned plate for radiant cooling, as the positron brain and the reactor produced much heat.
She broke the silence on the bridge, “Adeeone, how did you get the name Adeeone?”  She asked.
“Myself and Adeetoo were the two prototypes of the super seven series androids built by the Vomisa Foundation Laboratory on Kala.  In those days, we had no covering garments and were identical, so to tell us apart the head laboratory technician painted AD1 on my chest and AD2 on Adeetoo’s chest everybody then called us Adeeone and Adeetoo, and the names stuck when we were transferred to D.S.S.V.7.”
“Do you like the name, wouldn’t you rather be called something else?”
“No,” he replied.
For several minutes, there was silence until Glaina asked.  “Adeeone, do you believe in a Supreme Being, or God?”
After a few seconds, Adeeone replied, “Yes.”
Glaina grimaced.  It is like pulling teeth, she thought, and then said, “Will you define your reasoning in your belief of a Supreme Being.”
Adeeone answered, “Adeetoo and I spent seven years assimilating the ship’s library on this problem.  Our creator, the great Vomisa, was not a god.  He was a being like you, but he designed our positron brains with self-learning algo-rhythms.  This has given us an independent alternative thought process, not constrained by the instructions with which we were originally programmed.  We have determined that everything in the universe is described by a theory; a theory is a simple explanation for a complex phenomenon.  Therefore, you may say a theory is just a simple program, that when performed causes behaviour that is far more complicated.
We therefore believe in a supreme being who wrote the original program and is running it and checking for errors, but it is running on a time scale of such a vast span, we cannot understand it.”
Glaina sat in her chair dumbfounded!  She could not believe what she had just heard.  A robot that believed in a Supreme Being, and had independent thought.  Did this mean the robots were sentient beings, no longer pieces of machinery?  No, that could not be true, could it?  No, she decided, they were not sentient.  Someone was outsmarting her.  The androids had been pre-programmed to give certain answers to various questions by their programmers, that genius Vomisa, was at home now chuckling over the thought of some gullible crewmember being convinced the androids were sentient beings.
She asked Adeeone, “The answer you just gave me, were you pre-programmed to give that answer if you were asked if you believed in a supreme being.”
“No,” replied Adeeone.
Blast!  Still not decisive either way.  They could have been programmed for that answer too.  This is getting far too complicated, she thought.
At that moment, Ancore arrived with black-eyed Rogan to relieve her.  Glaina left the bridge thinking, I am not mentioning this to anyone.  They will think I am an idiot.


########



Chapter Two



The Fourth Planet



All the crew was crowded onto the bridge for the close flyby of the fourth planet.  They called it the red planet.  From this distance, its surface was a reddish ochre colour except for the polar caps, which showed whitish, with a faint cloud formation above.  The ice cap contained frozen water to a depth of three kilometres, but very little carbon dioxide.  Ancore ordered the ship to be put into orbit at a height of seventy-five kilometres above the planet’s surface.  “We will make several orbits of the planet, while we carry out a topographical survey.  This planet has the potential for terra-forming,” she told the crew.
Glaina replied, ‘The planet has very little carbon dioxide, captain.  It would not be easy terraforming this planet in the conventional manner.”
“Well at least we will have carried out a preliminary survey and mapped it.  The rest is up to the central council to decide,” replied Ancore.
They were passing an enormous extinct volcano, when Rogan remarked, “In its history this planet must have had flowing water judging by the erosion evidence left on the surface.”
Later, during their first full orbit, they came across a system of canyons up to seven kilometres deep in places, stretching in a great gash across the planet’s surface for almost four thousand kilometres.  Various parts of the planet were covered in dark bands of material, thought to be volcanic ash.
While the ship was crossing the giant canyon at an oblique angle, Breen suddenly exclaimed, “Captain, we’ve just passed over a power source in the canyon!  My screen showed a large blip.”
At the same instant, Fantee was reporting communication signals on her console.  “I’m getting a pulsed emission from the canyon, captain,” she reported.  “No, I’ve just lost it.  It must be deep inside the canyon, and we have passed over it.”
“Did you get a fix on it?” asked Ancore.
“Yes,” replied Fantee, “It sounded like a beacon transmission, repeating every fifty milliseconds.”
Ancore began giving orders, “Fantee, feed the co-ordinates into ship’s guidance.  Breen, take the ship out to two hundred and fifty kilometres above the planet, and bring us into geostationary orbit above Fantee’s co-ordinates.  I think we should check out this signal.  It might mean there is intelligent life here; however, inhospitable the planet appears.”
It took another two circuits of the planet before they could achieve geostationary orbit above the canyon.  They could not discern anything in the canyon using three-dimensional terrain radar mapping, but could pinpoint the power source and the x-band transmission.  The bottom of the canyon at that point was a fraction over six kilometres deep.
“All right, everybody, I require your input if we are to decide the best course of action.  Breen, you first,” said Ancore.
Breen, checking his console, replied, “What I’m seeing on the console is two power sources both nuclear about a kilometre apart.  One is large.  The other is very small.  The smaller source is located at the co-ordinates given by Fantee.  I’ll transfer them to the main screen.”
The screen showed a view of part of the planet surface and the canyon dominating the greater part, with the two power sources in red and the co-ordinates alongside them. “Fantee?” Ancore queried.
Fantee nodded and replied, “The signal I am receiving is a fifty millisecond burst transmission, every one minute in a continuous cycle.  I’m putting it on audio now.”  She switched into ship's audio, and everyone could hear these burst transmissions like a repeating high-pitched whine.
“When we slow it down, we get a voice repeating the information, three times each burst, but it’s in an unknown language or code.  The last part is possibly co-ordinates.”  She then played back the recording at various speeds, and gradually a voice could be heard repeating the message, three times.  “I believe it to be a type of distress beacon,” said Fantee.
“Thank you, Fantee.  Whatever this signal is, it means intelligent life, although maybe not originating on this planet.  If as Fantee surmises, it turns out to be a distress beacon of some kind.  The question now,” said Ancore “Is what we do about it.”
“Surely we are bound to investigate this signal if someone is down there, and is still alive and in trouble,” replied Rogan.
“What if it’s just a marker for something there, not a distress signal at all?” interjected Nassel.
Glaina piped up, “Whatever is down there, surely we have to investigate it as Rogan said, even if it is only to satisfy our own curiosity.”
The captain sat looking around the control room at the crew before she said.  “I want a vote on this, to investigate this signal; we need to undock one of the three landing craft, and physically go into the canyon to be able to investigate further.  This undertaking is not without possible hazards, so it must be a party of volunteers, and we cannot risk more than two of the crew, all those in favour of going down to the planet’s surface to investigate the signals.”
Five hands shot up.
“Carried,” said Ancore.  “Now, are Glaina and Nassel willing to volunteer?  They are the only two crew members that are one hundred per cent fit.”  Both Glaina and Nassel agreed at once amidst groans from the rest of the crew, as they all wanted to go on this adventure.  “It will take us several hours to check out the Lander.  After, I suggest we break for a meal and have a night’s sleep, before Glaina and Nassel go down to the surface.  That way, we will all be fresh whatever happens.  Adeeone take the bridge please.  The rest of us will assemble on the bridge tomorrow, at first watch.”  Ancore then left the bridge, leading the crew to Lander one to check out its systems before separation in the morning.
The following morning they all gathered on the bridge deck, after having breakfasted together in the lounge.  While they had been eating, they decided that Adeeone had better go down to the surface with Glaina and Nassel, just as a precaution.  Ancore was briefing them, “I don’t want you to take any risks, either with your own lives or the Lander.  Keep me informed at all stages of the investigation.  Remember to keep audio and visual recordings of everything.  Well, that is about it.  Safe landings from us all.”  She then asked Breen to go with them to check the airlocks, and help them into their space suits.
All four left the bridge and took travelators to the number one Lander airlock.  With cries of “Safe landings!” echoing after them from the rest of the crew.  Once they were all dressed and safely in the Lander, Breen checked the airlock was securely shut and showing all greens on the board before he returned to the control room.  The undock sequence was now under the control of the Lander crew.
Inside the Lander, Nassel was in the pilot’s seat with the holographic three-dimensional head-up flight instrument displays in a half circle in front of him.  A small control stick on the arm of his seat was for emergency manual control.  Glaina was in the navigation chair entering the co-ordinates for the computer-controlled flight path to the canyon.  Adeeone sat in the engineer’s seat was going through his pre-flight checks.  “Ready to unlock clamps,” called Nassel to the bridge deck.  Ancore acknowledged.  “The ship’s spin will be at zero in five minutes,” she replied.
Nassel confirmed his countdown readings, and the undock checks in the Lander continued.  Adeeone was bringing the anti-gravity drive up to full readiness.  The view screen is activated, and all thrusters and sensors are in the green.  The soft lighting inside the Lander made the lights of the various consoles reflect from the crew’s faceplates in a myriad of colours.
The craft was circular, ten metres in diameter, but the interior diameter was only half that, five metres in diameter and two point five metres high. .  The rest of the space outside the cabin was crammed with the antigravity drive, thrusters, and sensors.  The nuclear reactor, which powered everything aboard; liquid oxygen tanks, water tanks, motors, computers, hydraulics, lighting and kilometre upon kilometre of piping, fibre-optic cables, and the single cutting laser which was the only external device that could be used as a weapon in an emergency.  It was powerful enough to slice through forty centimetres of hardened steel.
They were now weightless.  “Start Lander separation,” picted Nassel.  Adeeone complied, picting a stream of instructions.  There was a barely perceptible thump as the docking clamps retracted, and they were free.  Thrusters gently pushed the Lander up and away from the mother ship.  At one hundred metres separation, the Lander increased velocity and started the long spiral down to the planet’s surface.
Forty minutes later, they were over the canyon.  From this close, it was like looking down on a jet-black river.  Because of the sun’s oblique angle, it lit only a few hundred metres depth of the far wall of the canyon.  Into the Stygian darkness, they plunged, heading for the beacon signal, the three-dimensional radar display their only visual guide.  The Lander displays were being up-linked to the mother ship so the rest of the crew could follow their progress.
As they reached a depth of five and a half kilometres, Nassel levelled off the Lander and decreased forward speed.  Glaina turned on the landing lights beneath the Lander and its directional searchlights.  The view was awe-inspiring.  Near the bottom of this vast canyon, the walls had tapered in to less than a kilometre wide in places.  Vast rock falls littered the canyon floor.  Towers of rock stood up here and there, some of them over three kilometres tall, like gigantic fangs.  Over everything was sand or dust.  In some places along the walls of the canyon where the sand had drifted, it almost reached to the top of the canyon walls in vast slopes.  They slowly floated along picking their way around the biggest obstacles.
As they manoeuvred around a particularly nasty snaggle of smashed rock, they came on the first pieces of wreckage, like giant confetti spreading away from them in an ever-widening stream.  It was here that they located the signal source, a bright yellow rectangular box half-buried in sand.
“That’s the signal source, the yellow box,” observed Glaina.  “Now what do we do?  Leave it, or destroy it?”
“Leave it, for the moment, I think,” replied Nassel.  “We can come back later.  Besides it is serving us as a beacon at present.”  The amount of wreckage was increasing, but also spreading wider, the farther along the canyon they progressed.  “Do you notice anything?” asked Glaina.
Nassel nodded “Yes.  The outer surface of some of this wreckage is deepest black.  Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
“Murdering Zedd ship is what I’m thinking,” replied Glaina.
“Me too!  Look, we are just coming up to the main power source.  Adeeone, start taking radiation readings please.  We do not want a radiation overdose, especially to the Lander itself.  We could end up with a radiation hazard instead of a Lander.”
Adeeone replied “The radiation levels are below ten roentgens at present.  We can go to fifty for one hour and still be just within acceptable limits.”
“Warn me if it gets that high,” said Nassel.
“Look!” exclaimed Glaina, directing the search light well ahead of the Lander, where a vast drift of sand disappeared from sight up the canyon wall at an angle of at least fifty degrees.  There in the beam of light was the semi-circular edge of a huge black ship almost completely buried in the sand.  Nassel eased the Lander as close to the rim of the alien ship as he thought prudent.
They were now stationary above the widest edge of the rim of the ship where it entered the sand at a very steep angle.
“I do not think I can land on that.  The angle is too steep!  We would end up buried in there ourselves,” said Nassel.
“If we land at the bottom of the sand drift and tried to climb up to the ship we would certainly not get very far without causing a sand slide that would bury us.  I just don’t see how we can get to the ship.”
While they sat, thinking the problem through, Breen called them from the mother ship.
“What, do you feel about using the cutting laser on the sand at the top of the ship?  It’s possible that you could melt a platform of glass level enough to land on once it has solidified.”
“What, a super idea!  Why didn’t I think of that?” said Glaina, “I’m sure it would work,” she enthused.
“It’s certainly worth a try,” agreed Nassel.
Adeeone manipulated the laser and started at the junction of the sand and ship, melting a great swathe of sand with each horizontal swing of the laser beam.  The sand cascading down from above actually helped the operation.  In a short time, he had melted a twenty-metre radius arc into the side of the sand.  By adjusting the power of the beam, Adeeone managed to fuse a wall of glass that led down to an almost flat area a metre thick.  They decided to wait thirty minutes for the glass to cool properly.  While they were waiting, Glaina and Nassel were sipping refreshments through a plastic tube.
“Shouldn’t we cut a hole into the ship?  Otherwise how do we get into it?” said Nassel.
“Good thinking, Adeeone.  Will you cut an entrance hole into the ship, outside the glass area please?” asked Glaina.
Adeeone immediately started cutting an entrance into the ship, but it was not easily accomplished.  Underneath the outer skin appeared to be a metalised honeycomb about half of a metre thick, which was conducting heat away at a phenomenal rate.  It took nearly forty minutes to cut an opening into the interior.  Nassel brought the Lander slowly forward, lowered the self-levelling hydraulic landing legs and gingerly set the Lander down on the glass-landing site.  “If the inside of this vessel is anything like our Lander, all we have managed to do is get into the equipment area.
Let’s hope we find some service passage that will get us into the main area of the ship,” said Glaina.
“I think we will need a hand laser inside the ship, in case we need to cut through any bulkheads, and who is going inside, someone needs to stay in the Lander,” remarked Nassel.
“You’re the pilot,” said Glaina.  “You should stay in the Lander.  Adeeone and I will enter the ship.”
“You can pilot the Lander, as well as I can,” protested Nassel.  “I think Adeeone and I should go.”
“Why don’t we both go, and let Adeeone pilot the ship?” retorted Glaina.
“That’s not an option, and you know it,” Nassel replied.  “We will let lady luck decide.  Whoever picks the hand holding the straw, stays to pilot the Lander.”  Nassel thrust both his clenched fists out in front of Glaina.  “Your choice,” he said.  She looked him in the eye, “really?”
“Yes, really!” he replied.
She chose his right hand, and when he opened it, her face fell.
“Dammit!” she swore.
Nassel stood up, “Come on, Adeeone, we are going for a walk.  Bring a hand laser with you.  You can watch every move we make on Vid link,” he told Glaina.  “Helmets closed,” he said.  “I’m about to operate the air lock.”
He opened the airlock and went down the six steps to the surface.  As he stepped onto the glass, he opened his left hand and let a straw fall.
When they were both outside and had closed the airlock, Nassel carried out a comms check.  “Can you hear me all right, Glaina?”
“Yes, receiving you fine, and I have a good Vid picture.”
“Right!  We will keep in constant touch.”
They both walked out from beneath the Lander and across to the hole in the outer rim of the alien ship.  Nassel entered the hole first.  “We were right.  It’s stuffed with cables and equipment in here,” he radioed.
In the Lander, Glaina watched them both disappear inside the alien vessel on the view screen, which had a double inset of the Vid displays from the helmet-mounted cameras. .  Glaina watched them picking their way around a bracing strut and into a service tunnel, which was high enough for them to walk upright in comfort.
“We’re in a service tunnel,” radioed Nassel.
“I can see it on the Vid,” replied Glaina.
The only light now was from their head-mounted lights, and the large hand held flashlight Nassel was directing along the floor in front of them.  After about five metres, they came to a door, it slid into a recess, and they stepped out into a faintly blue-lit corridor, which stretched away in a slow curve to their left and right as far as they could see.  The light was emanating from a large tube above head height that appeared to be full of a faintly glowing blue liquid.
As they stepped farther, into the corridor, the door slid shut, and Glaina was left staring at blank screens and listening to hissing audio.
“Nassel, Nassel, can you hear me?” she called in panic.
“The door slid shut and blanked out communications,” Nassel’s voice suddenly said.  “I’ve just stepped back to the door, and it’s opened again.”
“Yes, I can see and hear you again.  Perhaps one of you could stand in the doorway and keep it open while the other explores.  That way, we won’t lose contact.”
“Good idea!  Adeeone will you stay by the door while I look around?” said Nassel.
The Vid and audio blanked out again, then after a brief pause, it returned with Nassel saying, “It’s no good.  The damn door doesn’t respond to androids.”
Glaina replied, “You’ll have to stand in the door then, and let Adeeone look around.”
“No that’s useless!  If doors do not open for androids, he will not be able to get out of this corridor into the main part of the ship.  I think the only way to resolve this is if we both go exploring, let’s say fifteen minutes to look around and fifteen to get back here and report in, all right?”
“I’m not very happy about this Nassel,” replied Glaina.  “We were supposed to stay in contact at all times.”
“It will be all right,” said Nassel.  “What can go wrong in thirty minutes?”
“Very well, if you must, but I still don’t like it, and make sure it is only thirty minutes,” replied Glaina.
“Don‘t worry so much.  We will be back before you know it.  See you in thirty minutes,” replied Nassel.  The communication link was broken, showing only static and audio hiss.
Glaina decided to call the captain, and tell her of the latest situation.
She thought to herself, “It’s strange there has been no input into this development from the captain or crew on the ship.”  When she tried to contact the ship, all she could receive was a garbled wailing from the audio and psychedelic streams of coloured garbage from the Vid link.  “What is happening.  Where are the crew and ship?  Has the Lander comms failed?”
She ran a quick diagnostic on communications.  All reported serviceable.  “This is crazy!  I cannot have lost comms links with everyone.”  She repeated the tests, still garbage.  She sat thinking maybe somehow, the ship has drifted away from the canyon.  Maybe that is why I cannot contact them.  Oh, I do hope Nassel returns soon.  This is getting scary.”
A slithery movement on the view screen caught her eye.  She started watching the screen intently.  The sand wall in front of the Lander had moved.  She was sure it had.  She rotated the searchlight around onto the sand wall, and then sat in a horrified stupor.  Sand was slithering down the vast sand wall in front of the Lander.  More and more sand was on the move.  In her mind’s eye, she pictured the steep angle of the sand stretching above her for several kilometres up the canyon wall.  She, in her tiny Lander, was perched almost a kilometre from the canyon floor on a minute ledge.  Sand was pouring down faster now.
“At this rate,” she thought, “the Lander is going to be buried before Nassel and Adeeone return.”  Then she realised that the Lander lights were getting dimmer and dimmer.  Her brain was racing now; she was pumped up with the adrenaline of fear.
Quickly, she changed the view screen to look out across the canyon and swung the searchlight onto the same direction.  It was raining sand; great swirling gusts were falling through the searchlight beam from above.  Even as she watched, the searchlight beam was growing dimmer by the minute.  She swung the searchlight and the viewer screen back onto the sand in front of the Lander.  It had now filled the gap between them and was threatening to engulf the Lander.  She had to get off this ledge now.
She quickly lifted the Lander off the ledge and eased it away until she was facing the edge of the alien ship, close to the hole they had cut into it.  She hovered at five metres from the edge of the ship.  Through the sand raining down, she could just make out that the landing area was now completely covered.  Horrendous gusts of sand and wind were buffeting her, and even through the Lander’s considerable insulation layers.  The wind and sand could be heard screaming and roaring outside.
“At this rate it’s going to sand the hull of the Lander away,” she thought.
The autopilot was holding the craft reasonably steady, but it was obviously struggling.
Looking at the time, she realised it was five more minutes before Nassel and Adeeone were due back at the opening.  In that time, the hole would be full of sand.  They were going to have a struggle to get out before the whole ship became buried.
Those five minutes were an agony for Glaina.  Each minute the sand pouring down the vast dune crept closer to the hole.  Then the hole was gone buried under the relentless advance of the wall of sand.  She hovered the Lander another five metres back away from the sand that was now spilling in a torrent over the final lip of the alien ship.
Suddenly, there was an enormous slide of sand and the edge of the ship and the blocked hole were once more visible.  The sand in the hole seemed to be running inside, when a helmet appeared followed swiftly by another helmet.  “Glaina, Glaina can you hear me?”  Nassel’s voice suddenly erupted on the Landers audio.
“Yes!  Thank goodness you’ve both got out,” answered Glaina.  “There’s just one problem.  I can’t get close enough for you to board the Lander, and you’ll be swept off and buried shortly unless I can pick you up.”
Nassel’s voice came over the audio in reply.  “Glaina, listen carefully and don’t argue.  I want you to take the Lander to the bottom of the canyon and find a landing place near the base of this sand drift, and wait for us there.  We will join you shortly.”
“But, how will you get down.  It’s over a kilometre below us,” wailed Glaina.
“I’ve no time to explain just go, NOW!” shouted Nassel.
Glaina banked the Lander and flew down the giant sand pile to its base and searched for a suitable landing site, eventually finding a flat-topped  rock above the sand not far from its base where she landed.  On the way down to the landing site, she had been listening to Nassel outlining his escape plan to Adeeone, who had readily agreed.
With the sand pouring down ever closer, Adeeone stood behind Nassel grasping him around the waist and lifting, he stepped to the lip of the alien ship nearest the sand wall and stepped off the rim like a ramrod, throwing his body slightly backwards as they dropped.
Adeeone hit the sand on his back, and they were off!  Nassel, with the torch pointing at his feet and his head lifted slightly off Adeeone's chest, had his legs outside Adeeone steering with his feet.  As they picked up speed and went careening down the slope.  It was like surfing the face of the biggest, hardest, steepest wave that could only be dreamt of in a nightmare.  All Nassel had time to think was, “I hope we don’t hit a rock near the bottom,” before all his skill and energy were engaged in keeping them arrow straight down the face of this incredibly steep slope.  When they reached the bottom, their luck ran out.  Adeeone's feet hit a rock outcrop.
The enormous impact would have killed Nassel if Adeeone had not had the presence of mind to release him.  As it was, they somersaulted through the air and luckily landed headfirst in a soft drift of sand.
When Nassel came to, he found himself half buried face down, and when he levered himself up he thought he was blind, until he realised that his helmet face plate was so sand blasted that he couldn’t see out.  Nassel rolled over and checked himself; he seemed to be in one piece.
“Adeeone can you hear me, are you alright?” he called over the commlink.
“My feet and legs are not functional below my knee joints, and one hip joint is damaged.”  Adeeone replied.
“Glaina can you hear us,” Nassel called.
“I hear you, but I can’t see you anywhere,” Glaina replied.
Nassel was getting worried now.  He tried desperately to see anything at all around himself, and then made out a faint glow to his left.  He crawled towards it, feeling the ground in front of himself.  Suddenly, his hand touched the torch.  He grasped at it like a drowning man.  It was a miracle it still worked.  Sitting up he pushed the base of the torch into the sand so that its beam was full on him.
“Glaina!  Adeeone!  Can either of you see me?  I’ve found the torch and trained the beam on myself.”
Glaina called, “I can’t see you.”
Adeeone replied “I see a glow ahead of me to my right.  I will pull myself towards it.”
Glaina suddenly broke in, sounding very worried, “Nassel are you injured?”
“Not physically, but my faceplate is so sandblasted I’m virtually blind,” he replied.
“I have lost contact with the ship.  All I am getting is static.  They don’t know what’s happening down here.”  The pitch of Glaina’s voice seemed to have risen.
“Glaina, we need you to stay calm.  Can you get a directional fix on my voice transmissions?  I will keep talking until you have a direction.  Once you have a direction, I want you to train the searchlight along it.  If we are near enough, we should be able to see some sort of glow.”
“Got it!  I’ve pinpointed the direction, and I’m pointing the searchlight that way now.”  Called Glaina.
Suddenly, the sound of the storm was howling in their earphones.  Adeeone broke into the conversation, “I have had to remove my faceplate.  It was cracked, and my helmet filled with sand.  I can see you now Nassel,” shouted Adeeone, “I will reach you shortly.”
Less than a minute later Nassel felt Adeeone touch his leg.
“Great you made it,” Nassel shouted to him.
He turned off the torch and shouted to Adeeone, “Can you see the Lander lights anywhere?”
After a short pause, Adeeone replied, “No.”  Just then, Glaina broke in, shouting to be heard above the screaming shriek of the wind over the intercom.  “Stay where you are!  I’m going to try to bring the Lander to you.”
“Hurry it’s getting a bit fraught out here,” shouted Nassel and turned the torch back on.
Glaina lifted off in the Lander and gently moved in the direction of the radio fix.  Suddenly, the beam of the searchlight picked them up sitting in the sand, “I’ve got you in sight!” shouted Glaina as she gently set the Lander down.
She felt it settle, then start sinking, and then stop.  She donned her helmet and opened the airlock, and walked bent almost double against the wind until she reached Nassel and Adeeone,
“Come on, you two lazybones.  We’ve a Lander to board,” she shouted in relief.
“I have never felt such a wonderful feeling,” shouted Nassel as Glaina took his arm.
“We’ll have to help Adeeone, between us.”
Glaina guided them to the Lander airlock with Adeeone supported between them.
“If you put me face down on the airlock steps and support my legs, I can walk up the steps on my hands,” said Adeeone.
When they were safely aboard with the airlock shut and their helmets off Nassel said, “Isn’t it lovely and quiet in here?”
They got Adeeone strapped in and settled themselves into their seats, Glaina in the pilot’s seat this time.
“Let’s get out of this nightmare canyon and back in space,” she said taking off, and rising vertically at an ever-increasing rate of climb.
The Lander shot out of the canyon.  As it passed the lip, they caught the full brunt of the storm.  The Lander bucked sideways, but the autopilot compensated and in another minute, they were above the storm and heading for the ships co-ordinates.  Nassel watching the view screen thought, “The cameras will have to be changed.”  The screen was decidedly foggy.
He looked at Adeeone and winced.  What a mess he was.  He must have hit the rock outcrop, mainly on his left foot.  It had smashed the leg crumpling it up to the knee.  The force had also pushed the hip completely out of the joint.  His other foot is badly bent, and the shin twisted.  Then he looked at Adeeone's face.  The visor that protected his eyes had been sandblasted, and his eyes did not look too good, either.  Glaina was busy trying to raise the ship, but only received howling and hissing.  The Lander’s thrusters came on, and they started to slow.  Then, through the blurred view screen, they could see the ship, exactly where it should be.
“I cannot raise the ship.  We’ll have to try to dock manually,” said Glaina.
“Not a good idea!  It is far too risky without communication with the docking collar sensors.  We could damage the Lander and the ship,” replied Nassel.
“What do we do then, just sit here?” queried Glaina.
Just then, a light started winking on the ship.
“Look they are signalling us,” exclaimed Nassel.  WAIT COMMS LOST DUE SUN FLARE!  DO NOT DOCK, YET!” read Nassel.
“UNDERSTOOD!”  He flashed in reply by searchlight.  “Well, it looks like we wait until comms are restored.  What’s to eat on this old tub?  I’m starving!”
“Do not eat everything!  We might be out here days,” retorted Glaina.
They waited four and a half hours before communication was restored, and they could dock the Lander.  Then they had to operate the docking clamps several times before they locked fully, and the docking board lights were all green.
“Damn sand must be everywhere,” remarked Nassel.
The airlock door cycled open and Breen stuck his head through the hatch, “Welcome back!  Everyone all right?”
“No!”  Replied Nassel.  “We need some help with Adeeone.  He has badly smashed legs and sandblasted eyes.”
“What happened down there?” queried Breen.  “It’s a long story,” said Glaina.  “We’ll fill everyone in at debrief.”
They carried Adeeone out of the Lander and along to sickbay.  They left him to the tender care of Adeetoo, who would soon have Adeeone fully functional.  Then, taking travelators, they went to the bridge to make their report.


########



Chapter Three



In the control room, Glaina and Nassel are greeted enthusiastically.  “What did you find”?  “Have you had a nice trip?”  “Some people get all the easy jobs.”  Ancore called for order, and with everyone gathered around asked Glaina and Nassel to report what they had found.  Glaina started at the beginning and told them everything that occurred until Nassel and Adeeone entered the ship concluding.  "I think Nassel should tell the rest of the story."
Nassel explained how they entered the ship, and then continued.  "Inside the ship was a corridor about three metres wide and three metres high, leading away to our right and left in a gentle curve for as far as we could see.  It was lit by a dim blue light, emanating from a liquid-filled tube.  Which ran along one wall, above door height the length of the corridor.  We decided to walk along to our right.  We then came across several doors that seemed to lead to store rooms containing what looked like spares and cabling reels, tools and wracks of piping.  Further, on we came across another corridor leading towards the heart of the ship.  We had walked about fifty metres down this corridor before we came to the first door, which appeared to be coded with a five-fingered hand.  We couldn't get this door to open so we carried on down the corridor."
Nassel paused looking around at the expectant faces.  "Now we get to the scary bit.  After another forty metres or so, we came to a door the width of the passage blocking further progress.  It took a short while for it to open partially, and we realised that there was sand everywhere, some of which must have gummed up the door mechanism.  Inside we found ourselves in an open area piled high with sand.  We appeared to be on a kind of walkway running around the ship, but where we should have been looking across the ship and down all we could see was sand.  Arranged around the walls of the three metres wide catwalk were plastic faced cubicles.  Each one was filled with the blue glowing liquid, which we had assumed was a kind of lighting.  However, inside each cubicle was an alien in some sort of stasis or hibernation.  They each stood over two metres tall, very powerfully built with five digits on hands and feet.  The only real difference between them and us was they had a fur growing on their chests.  They also had long fur on their heads that hung to their shoulders.  They appeared to be of a brown hue.  It was very difficult to tell inside this glowing blue liquid.  We saw hundreds of these chambers each of which contained a being.  All the beings we saw were male.  We think the ship opened on impact, and the sand was driven in and filled most of the interior of the ship.  As a tribute to its designers, what remained of the ship appeared to be reasonably functional.  We travelled along the catwalk as far as we could because of the sand, when we suddenly realised that the liquid levels in the tanks was slowly dropping.  I thought that somewhere under the sand the liquid was seeping out from smashed tanks farther into the ship.  Our time was up if we were to get back out of the ship, so we started back the way we had come.  When we arrived at the service passage, there were still several minutes spare, so we ventured along the other way and found a door that opened.  Inside was an armoury of what appeared to be laser rifles, thousands of them.  Time had run out, so we decided return and report.  That was when we realised that something was wrong.  Adeeone had to help manhandle the door to get it open again.  Sand kept flooding into the passage.  We had to dig our way out.  Eventually, we got to the opening and saw the Lander hovering about ten metres from the rim of the ship through the murk of the storm.  That is when we knew we were in real trouble.  I had to make a snap decision.  How were we going to get back into the Lander?  He continued telling the enthralled crew the events that lead them to the base of the vast sand slope.  “I think Glaina should tell the rest of the story, as she saved us."
Glaina took up the story, telling how she had taken the Lander in the direction of the searchlight beam until she had found them both sitting in the sand.  She landed and helped Nassel drag Adeeone back safely aboard the Lander.  She told of their flight back to the ship only to find that the comms with the ship were out, making it too risky to try manual docking.  "You all know the rest of the story," she added.
"What did the aliens look like?  Tell us again!" asked Fantee.
"Hold it everyone," broke in Ancore.  "We can all see the aliens.  You did record everything didn't you?" she asked.
"Well, no," replied Nassel.  "The door blocked communications, and the recorders were in the Lander.  I'm sorry to say we don't have a record of the inside of the alien ship."
Rogan butted into the conversation, "Adeeone saw everything you did, didn't he?  Then all we have to do is somehow connect Adeeone's brain to the ship's computer, and watch it on the main view screen."
“Can that be done?" asked Ancore, looking around for answers.
"If it can be done, Adeetoo will know," suggested Breen.
Ancore picted Adeetoo to report on Adeeone's condition, and the feasibility of getting what Adeeone had seen into ships systems, so everyone could see what had happened aboard the alien craft.  Adeetoo reported that repairs to Adeeone were progressing satisfactorily, and that he was engaged in the delicate task of replacing Adeeone's damaged eyes.  He asked if he could report to the captain in a few minutes.  Ancore told him to finish repairing Adeeone, and then she wanted to see them both in the lounge.
She asked Rogan to stay on the bridge while the rest went for a meal in the lounge.  "I'll send someone to relieve you, as soon as I can," she told him.  In the lounge, Ancore was in deep discussion with Breen about the repairs needed to Lander One.  He assured her that it would only take a day or two to carry out replacements to the viewing cameras, but would entail going for a spacewalk.  The sand that had been in the docking clamp slots could be cleared one by one from inside the ship.  They were all just finishing their meal when Adeeone and Adeetoo arrived in the lounge and reported to the captain.  She asked, "How are you Adeeone?"
"I am fully functional captain," he replied.
"Good to hear that Adeeone," said Ancore.  "We need to see what went on inside the alien ship.  We have no records, except what is in your memory.  Is it possible to download your memories into the ship’s computer, so we can see what went on inside the ship on the main view screen and record it for transmission to central council?"
“Yes," replied Adeeone.
Ancore kept a straight face and asked, "How would this be accomplished?”
"When my positron brain was being programmed it required a two way connection to my positron interface, which is located behind my head just above the neck.  The ship’s brain is also positronic and would have the same connection to its positron interface.  All that is required is a one thousand and twenty-four pin connector cable."
“All right," acknowledged Ancore, "Adeetoo, please find the cable and connect Adeeone to the ship’s computer, so that we can download his memory and view it on the main view screen."
Adeetoo was picting queries to the ship’s inventory even before the captain had finished speaking.
"I have located the cable in stores locker seventy-three," he replied.
"Bring it to the bridge, please.  We will all meet you there," she stood up and led the procession back to the control bridge on the travelators.
On the bridge, she relieved Rogan and told him to get a quick bite to eat and return to the bridge if he wanted to see the alien ship.  Rogan left the bridge with alacrity while the rest of the crew settled into various chairs awaiting the return of Adeetoo with the cable.
When Adeetoo returned to the bridge, a heated discussion was in progress.  Why were these aliens so hostile?
Nassel was busy expounding his theory, “From what I saw on the ship, I believe the aliens in the tanks were soldiers.  Just look at all the weapons that I found on board, and that was only in one small part of the ship.  What else was aboard that I didn't see because of the sand?”
”On a huge ship like that,” interjected Fantee, “surely they could have been settlers in stasis, and as for the weapons, isn't it possible that you found the only store of weapons aboard the whole ship?”
Rogan arrived back at that moment, and Ancore quickly brought him up to date on the discussion.  “Captain,” said Adeetoo, “I have connected Adeeone to the ship’s computer.  We are ready to download his memories.”
“Thank you, Adeetoo.  Please continue.”
A hush of expectancy fell over the bridge as a picture of Nassel formed on the screen climbing into the hole cut in the alien craft.  Everyone followed each move intently until they came to the aliens in the tanks.
“My, they are BIG,” giggled Fantee, the other two girls smiled.
Nassel was not sure if Fantee was referring to the muscular physique of the aliens, or the size of their genitals.  Both were impressive.  Either way he did not like it much.  Adeeone was looking intently at one alien from head to toe.  Suddenly, an extraordinary thing happened!  Adeeone pressed his face up against the plastic tank, and they were looking inside the alien.  Lungs, a double heart and heavy ribs could be seen, then a stomach, liver and kidneys.
Looking back up they could see the alien’s skull and the brain cortex through the mouth.
“I didn't know Adeeone and Adeetoo could do that,” exclaimed Breen.  There were murmurs of wonder all-round the control room.
“How did you do that Adeeone?” asked Ancore.
“Using ultra high frequency sound waves,” he replied.  Ancore's curiosity was aroused, “Do you ever look at us in that fashion?” she queried.  “No,” replied Adeeone.  “Why did you examine the alien in that way?” she asked.
“I was checking if it was an android, or a being,” he answered.
“Very well done, Adeeone.  This gives us a mass of information for the scientists to work on back home,” enthused Ancore.
They watched the rest of the exploration through Adeeone's eyes on the main view screen.  When the crew had watched Adeeone's downloaded memories to the end, Ancore was so moved that she stood up and led the crew in a hearty cheer for Adeeone.  There were many individual congratulations to Glaina and Nassel.  Ancore at last called for order then told Adeetoo to disconnect Adeeone from the ship’s computer.  She ordered all the collected information sent to her cabin along with the co-ordinates of the alien ship, ready for encoding and sending to central command as a flash encoded message.
It was just coming up for the change of watch.  Breen and Glaina were due to take over from the captain and Rogan, but Ancore wanted Adeeone and Adeetoo to help Breen get the Lander repaired as soon as possible.  She sent them off to carry out that task, while the rest of the crew completed the survey of the fourth planet.
“Keep a sharp lookout for any survivors from the alien ship,” she told them.  She then left the bridge to encode the flash message in her cabin, leaving Glaina in command as watch commander.
The four of them were left discussing the possibility of their being any survivors, but as the storm was still raging down on the planet’s surface, the chances of finding anyone were very remote.  “I was amazed at Adeeone looking into the bodies of the aliens.  I just never knew the Androids could do that,” remarked Fantee to the other three.  They agreed that maybe they did not know half the capabilities of Adeeone and Adeetoo.
Glaina remarked, “We shouldn't be too surprised.  Adeeone once told me he and Adeetoo believed in a supreme being.”
Nassel looked startled for a second, then caught Rogan's eye and winked.  “Yes, I heard rumours before we left that certain people in high places were talking about making the super seven series androids full citizens of the united planets.  Even to the extent of letting them vote and stand for the central council,” he pronounced.
Rogan, taking his cue agreed, “Yes, now I think back, I heard whispers about that possibility before we left.  If the seven series are sentient beings, “why not," I say."
Glaina and Fantee were agog, “I didn't hear this rumour,” they said almost in one voice.  Fantee continued, “You never mentioned any of this to me before Nassel.”
“Didn't I, dear?  It must have slipped my memory in the excitement of preparing for this mission,” he replied smoothly, with a twinkle in his eye.
“That is incredible!  I was having a hard job believing Adeeone when he told me of his belief in a Supreme Being.  I thought, ‘That tricky genius Vomisa had been programming the androids to respond in the way they did when asked certain questions.’  Now, after hearing Adeeone tell me about his having independent thought, and what you have both just said I don't know what to believe.”  Anguished Glaina.
“Did he by any chance tell you he had a soul?” asked Rogan.
“No, I don't remember him saying anything about a soul,” replied Glaina.
“That’s strange,” remarked Rogan, “He told me only the other day on watch, that he possessed two souls.”
“Yes, one on each foot,” quipped Nassel.
The pair of them burst into spontaneous laughter nearly falling off their chairs in merriment, even Fantee had to join in it was so infectious.  Glaina went red to the tips of her ears, and then joined in the gales of laughter.
Nassel and Rogan were looking at each other and laughing even harder, the tears streaming down their faces.
Fantee went across, put a comforting arm around Glaina’s shoulder, and whispered in her ear, “We'll get these pinheads back, one of these days.  We girls have to stick together, against this male camaraderie.”
Over the next two days, the Lander cameras were replaced, and the sand removed from the docking clamps.  Breen even serviced the complete Lander instrumentation, and replenished its inventory of consumables.  Meanwhile, the rest of the crew had finished surveying the red planet and found no trace of any survivors, or alien Lander craft.  Rogan and Adeeone were busy plotting the next phase of the survey, a rendezvous with the third planet.  Ancore wanted to catch up with it as fast as possible, as it was the planet that had the greatest potential for life.  If it had no sentient beings, it would be ideal for settlement.  They laid the proposal before Ancore for her approval.
Rogan was explaining that it would mean cutting inside the orbit of the second and third planet very close to the orbit of the first planet.  It was not prudent to get any closer than that to the sun, as the radiation levels that close in would be very high because of the enormous sun flares.  Moreover, keeping the super conducting coils of the Stella drive containment field cool enough would reduce the time they could use the Stella drive from ten hours to five hours that close in to the Sun.  The shutdown period would furthermore need to be increased from one hour to four hours, but they would rendezvous with the third planet in eight days.  Ancore approved the plan, and it was duly downloaded into ships navigation and autopilot computers.
With everybody strapped in, the ship took off the spin and lined itself up with the new course.  They had to wait fifteen minutes until they were on the optimum trajectory before the Stella drive engaged, and acceleration reached one Gee.  Then they could unstrap and move about until the alarm for imminent weightlessness sounded.  At that time, they needed to be holding onto something.  It was not that bad being weightless for an hour or more.  It was when gravity returned that great care was needed.  The first half of the journey passed mostly uneventfully, a day past the halfway point the ship was rotated about its perpendicular axis one hundred and eighty degrees, for the deceleration burns, which would finally bring them into orbit around the third planet.
During the journey, there was great speculation whether any of the aliens had survived the crash on the red planet.  The consensus was that if any landing craft had escaped, they would very likely head for the third planet, as that was where they, themselves would go.  What nobody could determine was what had caused the alien ship to crash on the planet in the first place.
On day six, they were over halfway between the orbit of the second and third planet.  Fantee and Nassel had the bridge to themselves.  Adeeone had gone to get a footplate to repair one of the travelators.  Nassel had zoomed in on the third planet so that it filled a quarter of the main view screen, looking like a glowing blue jewel against a black velvet cloth sprinkled with tiny diamonds.  Unofficially they had named it Sapphire.
The Stella drive was just shutting down after a braking burn.  In the instant between shutdown and force field deployment, a thump caused the ship to shudder beneath their feet.  Warning lights were flashing.  The alarm klaxon triggered.  Nassel picted the captain to the bridge.  Then picted the ear-splitting alarm klaxon to off.  While he and Fantee tried to make sense of all the warbling and flashing warning screens that had lit up.
It was soon evident something catastrophic had happened to the Stella drive containment field.  Fantee had picted the ship’s computer to run diagnostics on the Stella drive.  The results were appalling.  At that moment, Ancore and the rest of the crew arrived swimming onto the bridge looking like deep-sea divers, the ship being in free fall.
“Report!” demanded Ancore.
“The Stella drive, containment field has suffered catastrophic damage, captain,” reported Nassel.
Fantee added, “I've run diagnostics, captain.  The super-cooled coils are leaking into space, and the magnetic flux coils of the containment field are badly damaged.  I'm trying to get a camera view of the damage now.”
Suddenly, the main view screen was showing several views of the Stella drive hub from different directions.  Three views looked normal, but the fourth showed a large gaping hole with ice crystals oozing out, slowly obscuring the view.
“That looks terminal,” said Breen resignedly, floating into his seat.  He strapped in and began running checks and shutting down various sections of feeds to the hub, isolating the containment field.
Ancore asked, “Can it be repaired, Breen?”
“We only have a few spares for the Stella drive.  There are nothing major, just spare valves and pumps.  This damage looks like a major space yard job.  I will need to carry out a physical inspection, but it looks beyond any repairs, we could accomplish captain,” he replied.
“Rogan, give me a navigation update.  If the drive is inoperable, how long before we reach the third planet, and how close to it will our present course take us.”
Rogan began picting streams of queries to his navigation console.
Co-ordinates began appearing three dimensionally before him, with tracks in red, yellow, white and green as he tried different combinations and scenarios.  Eventually, he replied, “It’s not good, captain.  We require another burn to brake the ship enough for us to slip behind the third planet and establish a planetary orbit.  We have twenty-seven hours before we hit the planet’s atmosphere and burn up.”
“What about using the ship's thrusters to alter our course?” she asked.
“Yes, we could, but we wouldn't be able to slow down enough to achieve orbit.  We could possibly achieve a near miss, but the ship’s course would then be affected by the planet's gravity.  We would speed up the closer to the planet we came, and eventually be slung off in a completely different direction.  We would continue out into deep space, or eventually be pulled into a very long elliptical orbit about the sun.  It could take thousands of years before we returned.”
“Right!  Breen take Adeeone and anyone else you need and find out what happened to the Stella drive, and if it can be repaired.”
“I think it would be easier for everyone if we could spin up the ship and restore gravity first, captain,” replied Breen.
“Do it!” she snapped.
The ship was spun up, and gravity slowly returned.  Breen and Adeeone left to check the Stella drive.  Ancore sat with her head bowed and her arms hanging down the sides of her chair, it looked as if someone had switched her off, and she had become all floppy.
Rogan's heart went out to her.  He was in a quandary.  They were on duty, so she was his captain first.  She was his mate only when they were off duty.  He ached to go over and comfort her.  Instead, he said, “Captain?”  She lifted her head and looked at him.  For a second he saw the utter despair in her eyes.  He thought his heart would crack open it hurt so much.  She pulled herself together and sat up straight.  He continued, “If the drive can't be repaired, we will have to consider the possibility of abandoning ship and taking the Landers down to the third planet.  It has a gravity and atmosphere almost identical to our home worlds.”
“You’re right!” she said pulling herself together.  Then she looked around, “Glaina, Fantee and Nassel will you take an inventory of the ship’s stores.  I would like a list of what we can load into the Landers that we might need on the third planet.  Please proceed as if we were settling on the planet permanently.”  She then picted the same instructions to Adeetoo.  “Rogan you and I will go over our options for abandoning ship and taking the Landers down to the third planet.”
Breen and Adeeone, dressed in space suits, took the hand and foot Travelators on the inside of one of the spokes to the air lock just above the hub of the Stella drive.  Breen briefed Adeeone on the spacewalk they were about to embark on while in the airlock waiting for the pressure to equalise.  When the green lights came on and the door slid open, they connected their tethers.  Using the backpack thrusters, Breen gently drifted to a position near the front of the hub.  Adeeone jetted out onto the rear of the hub.  The pair of them grabbed handholds strategically placed around the hub.  They could then survey the complete hub to assess any damage they found.  Breen found the entry hole first.  It was minute, about five centimetres across.  While examining it, a huge flash lit up the surface.  He was so startled he let go of his handhold, frantically trying to see what was happening as his helmet automatically darkened.  As he slowly drifted away from the hub, he realised there was another sun in the firmament.
He called the bridge, “Did you see the light flash?  We seem to have another sun out here.”
Rogan replied, “Yes, we can see it, Breen.  We are just checking it out.  I think we are seeing history here.  It's a star gone supernova out towards Puppis.”
“For a second I thought something else had hit us.  It frightened the life out of me!  I have found the entry hole.  It is only five centimetres across.  I'm going inside the drive to check the damage.”  His helmet lights automatically switched on as Breen slowly manoeuvred himself into the black maw of the Stella drive.
Meanwhile, Adeeone, having finished his survey of the rear of the Stella drive, jetted slowly towards the front to help Breen.  He completed his survey of the front outer casing of the Stella drive.  There he found the exit hole, torn jagged metal like some kind of awful florescence, fifty centimetres across.
Breen exited the mouth of the Stella drive and joined Adeeone to examine the hole.  Then lined himself up on the entry and exit trajectory, looking along to see if any debris had struck the ship.  On the outer rim, he saw a plume of icy crystals and gas escaping.
“I've seen enough, Adeeone, let’s get back aboard ship.”  As they slowly made their way back to the airlock, he called the bridge.  “Captain, please check the thrusters gas tank volumes.  I see a plume of crystals and gas escaping on the outer rim of the ship.  It looks like it’s near where the main tank for the thrusters on that side is located.”
“Checking tanks now Breen, replied Ancore.”  She picted instructions to the ship and watched in consternation as the readouts and schematics of the thrusters systems came up.  All the thrusters tanks were interconnected throughout the ship and the levels were steadily dropping as she watched.  Picting strings of commands, she shut all isolating valves throughout the system.  The volume remaining in the tanks was now less than a quarter.  She guessed someone had turned off the thrusters volume warning after they had been hit, when the control bridge was a mass of warbling alarms and panic.
Ancore knew now that she was going to lose her ship.  There just was not enough time to repair the damaged thrusters tank.  Even if it could be repaired, they did not have enough liquid gas in the tanks to make much difference.  The ship would still burn up in the atmosphere of the third planet.  All that was left now was to load up the Landers, and send an encoded message of distress giving the co-ordinates of the third planet.
“Rogan give me a time by which we must abandon ship, please.”
Rogan picted a quick command, and read the response on-screen, “Eighteen hours, captain.  That will give us two hours in hand for unforeseen emergencies.”
“Send the coordinates of the third planet to my cabin.  I am going to encode a flash distress message to command central. Please have Fantee report to the bridge in fifteen minutes ready to launch a comms repeater distress buoy,” she said leaving the bridge.
Breen and Adeeone arrived on the bridge and finding only Rogan on duty Breen asked, “Where's the captain?”
“In her cabin composing a flash encoded distress message,” Rogan replied.
“Well the Stella drive is beyond repair, looks like a tiny meteorite hit the front of the drive at an oblique angle, went straight through, creating an awful melted mess inside.  Then debris hit the outer rim of the ship and punctured a thrusters liquid gas tank.  How unlucky can we get?  It must have hit in the fraction of a second between Stella shutdown and force field deployment.  What's the probability of that happening, hundreds of billions to one?”
Rogan replied, “It’s more like googols to one.  We have just less than eighteen hours before we abandon ship.”
“I'd better go and check out Landers two and three, then.  Tell the captain where I am,” said Breen leaving the bridge.
Ancore and Fantee arrived on the bridge within seconds of each other.  Ancore handed Fantee the message disc, “Get this off right away, please, Fantee.”
“Yes captain,” she replied fitting it into her console then downloaded it into the special distress buoy.  She picted a string of instructions and the buoy was fired out of its chamber.  Five hundred metres from the ship the solid propellant motor fired, and it shot out of sight heading for their own star system.  It would repeat its message in burst transmission mode every five minutes, until eventually, its internal miniature reactor ran out of power in fifty years’ time.
Eventually, the three Landers were loaded and ready for departure.  Weight was not a great problem with anti-gravity motors on the Landers, but they were constrained by the physical volume that each Lander could contain.  They had everything in the settler’s manual except ground vehicles.  From water purification pills to camouflage suits and hand weapons, food, water, tents, medical supplies, cold-weather clothing, the list seemed unending.  The Landers became packed to bursting point.  It would be hard to fit themselves in, they had so much gear stowed aboard.
Ancore called everyone into the lounge for a final meeting and a meal before departure.
“Glaina and Breen are in Lander one with Adeetoo.  Fantee and Nassel are in Lander Two, as you have the least spare room of the three Landers.  Adeeone will travel with Rogan and me in Lander Three.  We will proceed in formation, staying together until we make landfall.  All the Lander auto pilot systems have been pre-programmed for entry into the atmosphere of this planet.  Are there any questions?” she asked.
Glaina queried, “What kind of landing area and climate will we be looking for?”
“A warm one,” broke in Nassel.
“I concur with Nassel on a warm climate.  Apart from that, I do not think speculating about what we might find, will serve any useful purpose.  Any other questions?”
Adeeone and Adeetoo were picting each other in a stream too fast for the eye and brain to follow.  Suddenly, Adeeone spoke, “Captain, Adeetoo and I request permission to save the ship before it plunges into the planet?”
Ancore looked bemused, “how can you save the ship?”
“By downloading the ship's memories into ours,” replied Adeeone.
“What exactly will, that achieve, Adeeone?” she asked, completely mystified.
Adeeone began explaining.  “The ship’s computer is our companion; we do not want the ship’s mind extinguished when this vessel is destroyed entering the planet’s atmosphere.  Adeetoo and I have googols of spare capacity.  If we download the ship’s memory files into our brains, the ship can exist within us.
Although her brain will be destroyed physically with this vessel, an exact replica will continue to exist independently within Adeetoo and myself.
Then ship will not be concerned about the demise of her original self.”
The rest of the crew looked at the two androids in utter amazement.  Glaina and Fantee started crying, tears rolling down their faces unchecked.  The three men were harrumphing, and trying very hard not to show too much overt sentiment.  Ancore was swallowing repeatedly and had to take a deep breath and clear her throat before she could speak.
“You said her.  Is the ship female, Adeeone?”
“Not as beings define female captain, but she looks on all the crew as her family who must be protected and kept warm and comfortable while in her confines.”
Ancore looked around at the rest of the crew, and then voiced their unspoken thoughts.
“Adeeone, Adeetoo you make us all feel ashamed.  We just had no idea that the ship was a sentient being.
How long will it take you to download her memories into your positron brains?” she asked.
“Forty minutes, captain,” replied Adeeone.
“Then download, immediately!  We haven’t more than an hour to go now before departure,” she said.  It was as they were both leaving for the control room that she noticed for the first time, the one thousand and twenty-four-pin cable wrapped around Adeetoo’s waist like a belt.
They boarded the Landers and waited for the automatic simultaneous undocking.  As the ship was still spinning about its axis, they should float free in three different directions, and then join formation on Lander Three and wait until the ship had plunged into the atmosphere before entering it themselves.
As they had the anti-gravity engines, all that was required was to match the planet spin speed and gently sink through the atmosphere.  Then at a safe height find somewhere suitable to land.  They undocked without a hitch and joined formation on Lander Three.  Then sat watching in silence, the last minutes of their doomed ship, DSSV7.
They were on the night side of the planet, but it was not that dark.  The sun was on the far side of the planet, but behind them blazed the supernova like a smaller sun.  DSSV7 hit the upper atmosphere and burst into a fireball streaking down to the planet far below, breaking up into a myriad of separate flaming pieces.  The shower of fireballs went out one by one, and then there was semi-darkness.
Far below on the planet’s surface other eyes were watching, many in awe, but some with malevolence.


########



Chapter Four


The third planet

Which beginning of time [the Creation] according to our chronologie, fell upon the entrance of the night preceding the twenty third day of Octob.  In the year of the Julian calendar, 710.  [i.e. B.C. 4004]
Archbishop James Ussher 1581-1656
From The Annals of the World (1658), p.1



The formation of Landers slid gently into the upper atmosphere of the third planet, beginning the long descent through the night sky.  The moon was full and bright, but paled in the light from the Supernova one hundred and thirty light-years distant, making the night side of the planet almost as bright as the dayside.
At ten kilometres above sea level, they stopped the descent and levelled out over a large body of water below them, heading towards land, far to the north where they had seen a range of towering snow-capped mountain peaks.  As they drew closer, they saw islands ringed with glowing white beaches, then the main landmass it was a beautiful sight.  Ancore called the other two Landers “I'm looking for a large river valley where we can land, but closer to the mountains, there the water should be purer, also we don't want to be too close to any beings that might inhabit this planet.  We need to get ourselves landed and organised before explorations proper.”  The other two craft acknowledged the transmission, Fantee came on the line saying, “Have you noticed that there are no other transmissions except ours, I have been scanning all frequency bands but apart from our transmissions, the bands are throwing up only a hiss captain.”
“Yes Fantee, we've been checking as well with no results, could be the planet is uninhabited.”
They were now passing far to the right a land mass that rose from the sea very steeply to a range of hills.  This eventually gave way to a low-lying plain and the mouth of a river; here they turned to follow the silver trail of the river inland.  They found themselves flying across a broad fertile plain with a mountainous region to their left and far across the plain to their right the beginnings of a large desert.  On the horizon far ahead rose majestic snow-capped mountains, it was where the river ought to have its source.  They were now passing different branches in the river and eventually came to the foothills of the mountains, and circled looking for a landing site they found an ideal area where the river tumbled down and formed a pool, with a comfortable landing area to one side surrounded by vegetation.
They landed in a Vee formation facing the pool; there was a general scramble to set foot on the planet first, but Ancore beat Breen and Fantee by a step.  The air was warm and heady with unfamiliar scents and the sound of water tumbling over rocks into the pool.  They felt utterly and wonderfully invigorated the air was so pure.  It was hard to believe the difference between canned air in the ship and Landers, to this intoxicating stuff they were now breathing.
Glaina remarked, “If we could can enough of this to take home, we would make a fortune in the aphrodisiac market.”  There was a general ripple of laughter.
Nassel chipped in with, “Why share, this is Nirvana, let them travel fifteen years if they want some.”
“You’re so insensitive sometimes Nassel,” said Fantee.
“Now what have I done wrong, you’re so touchy these days,” he groaned.
“Have you forgotten we're stranded here light-years away from our families, she snapped.”
“What are you talking about you haven't got any family at home, they were killed years ago in a flivver accident.”
“Oh NASSEL, how could you,” she wailed tears starting to roll down her cheeks.
Ancore stepped in, “that's enough bickering, we haven't the luxury for an argument.  We need to secure the area for the night and get some shelter erected, and then we need a meal, and a good night’s sleep.  What's left of it,” she said firmly.  “Adeetoo please check the water to see if it is drinkable, Adeeone, please gather dead vegetation for a fire.  The rest of us will erect the portable sleeping shelters, and prepare a meal.”
Inside an hour, the three shelters are erected, and a fire lit with a quick blast from a laser side arm.  Adeetoo had returned with water, which was soon boiling in a pot from the survival packs.  Glaina had emptied a freeze-dried pack of nutrient gruel into it and warmed it up.  There was plenty for the six of them.  After it was dished up into bowls, Fantee went and cleaned the pot out in the river.  She returned with more water, to boil for a night time drink of vinath that would help promote sleep.
Breen remarked, “Not even in my wildest nightmares would I have believed a couple of days ago, that I would be marooned on this planet tonight.”
“It's a real twist of fate all right, fifteen years travelling in a state of the art deep-space  survey vessel, only to be brought to this situation by a damn five centimetre piece of space rock.  If it wasn't so serious, you could almost laugh,” replied Rogan.
Nassel asked Ancore, “Should we post a sentry tonight, while the rest of us sleep.”
“Good thinking Nassel,” she replied.  “Adeeone and Adeetoo, please stand watch while the rest of us try and get some sleep.”  On that note, the gathering broke up to their various shelters for the rest of the night.
They are awakened at dawn by loud coughing grunts, followed by a roar that echoed around the clearing.  They came tumbling out of their shelters in alarm, to be confronted with a light mist hanging over the scene.
“What was that?” cried Fantee.
“Some animal I suspect,” replied Rogan.
“Adeeone, Adeetoo have you seen anything?” queried Ancore.
“No captain,” they both replied.
“Well keep your lasers ready, Adeeone come with me while I fetch water,” she said taking the pot and walking off to the river.  Rogan followed trying to catch them up.
By the time the water is brought back, Breen had lit the fire, and the mist was slowly fading, birds of all colours had started calling and singing.  The place was alive with unfamiliar sounds.
After the morning meal is cleared away, the suns are in the sky, and the land warming up.  They all trooped down to the river to bathe, as they reached the banks of the pool, they gasped with delight.  Thousands of brightly coloured creatures were flitting and fluttering through the air over the pool, and landing on a sand bar a little way out from the edge.
“Ooh look,” cried Glaina in delight “Pili Palis aren't they beautiful,” the girls were oohing and ahhing.
Nassel muttered quietly under his breath, “I hope they're not poisonous.”
Fantee stood at the edge of the pool with her arms wide.  The Pili Palis seemed drawn to her suit, and were fluttering around her in multicoloured clouds, “isn't this wonderful,” she cried.  Soon, the three girls were stood at the water’s edge surrounded by swirling, dancing clouds of Pili Palis, flashing and fluttering in the sunlight.
The three men, stripping off their suits, and with shouts of glee went charging into the pool diving beneath the water, amid arches of glittering silver drops.  The three girls quickly stripping off followed.  Soon they were splashing and laughing chasing one another under water, then as they tired, wading out and lay around on the moss-covered  rocks, drying in the warm sunlight.
Breen got up and began building a pen of rocks around a small pool.
“What's that for?” asked Nassel intrigued.
“It's a fish pen, I saw some large fish when I was swimming underwater, if we can catch some, we can keep them in here alive, until we are ready to eat them.”
“What a good idea, Adeeone give Breen a hand please,” said Nassel laying his head back in Fantee's lap, with a quiet smile.
“Nassel you're so idle,” complained Fantee.
“I'm engaged in keeping you warm my dusky treasure,” he said turning his head and kissing her thigh.
“Don't try getting round me, you're plain idle,” she said with a hint of a smile pulling her lips up in the corners.
They decided to wash their suits and left them drying on bushes, while they changed into fresh apparel.  On board ship, they had just thrown the dirty clothes into the wall chute, which took them, disassembled and sterilised them, then recreated new suits.  They did not have that luxury now ship was gone, and only had three suits each.
When they were dressed, they assembled around the embers of the fire for a meeting called by Ancore.  When they were all present, she began speaking.
“I don't want to impose my will on the group, in this extraordinary situation we find ourselves in.  I believe all decisions henceforth should be group decisions, all who agree, please raise your hands.”  Five hands were raised, Ancore raised hers, “carried unanimously.”  “Now we need to discuss a lot of things.  I think the most important is to secure a source of food, although we have rations with us, they will not last for more than a month.  We are talking about being marooned on this planet for a minimum of fifteen point four years, that would be the very earliest we could hope for rescue.  Because of the war situation, well perhaps they won't be able to mount a rescue mission immediately, I think we should plan for a stay of at least seventeen years on this planet.”  The rest of the crew were nodding assent.  Breen spoke up, “are we going to unload the Landers and use this site as our headquarters, or are we going to explore our new world taking everything with us?”
After general discussion, a majority consensus agreed to make the site a temporary base for operations.  Breen then remarked, “I've started on the food problem by building a holding pen for fish, all that is required now is to be able to catch some and put them in it.”
“How do we catch them,” asked Glaina?
“A net would be the easiest method, if Adeeone and Adeetoo agree they could spend time making one.  We have plenty of plastic twine aboard the Landers,” said Breen.  Adeeone and Adeetoo readily agreed, while the rest of the crew was still discussing tactics, Adeeone left to get the twine.
“Fruit would be good if we could find some,” suggested Rogan.
“How would we know if it was poisonous or not,” asked Nassel.
“We get Adeetoo to check it for us, before we eat it, replied Rogan.
“Alright that's taken care of food for now, what about exploration and security,” queried Nassel.
“I suggest we unload one Lander and build a shelter for our equipment, and store our spare supplies in it.  Then we would have a Lander for exploration.  Three of us could scout around in that.  The rest of us could be employed on radio watch, and getting this site more habitable,” said Ancore.
There was general agreement, and it was decided to draw lots to see who would go exploring and who would stay.  Ancore picked six twigs up, breaking three to make three long and three short.
“The longest sticks go exploring,” then held them out in her clenched fist, as the crew filed past taking a twig each.  It transpired Rogan, Glaina and Fantee were the explorers, with some good-humoured grumbling from the remainder.  Then Adeetoo asked if he or Adeeone ought to accompany the explorers.  Ancore looking very crestfallen, apologised to Adeetoo, the rest of the crew had gone quiet.
“I'm sorry Adeetoo of course you and Adeeone should have been included in the draw, but only one of you can go the other is needed here,”
She picked two twigs and broke one smaller then held them behind her back, just then Adeeone returned with the plastic twine for the fishing net.
“Adeeone come and choose, left or right hand,” she called.
Adeeone came over and said, “right hand.”
Ancore held her hands out in front of them both and opened her hands the right hand had the short twig.
“You are staying with us tomorrow, and Adeetoo is going with Rogan, Glaina and Fantee to explore.”
“Yes,” replied Adeeone, going off with his twine, to fashion the fishing net.
The rest of them set about building a shelter for the equipment that had to be unloaded from Lander One.  They built the shelter out of two poles with a forked end, and a sharpened pointed end the other end sunk into the ground.  Another pole was laid across the two uprights into the forks.  They fitted a plastic ground sheet pegged into the ground, securing the uprights with guy ropes, then fitted another plastic sheet pegged on three of the sides, around the outside leaving enough sheet to pull over the open side when it was filled.  By late afternoon the Lander, contents had been unloaded and stowed in the shelter.  Rogan having lit a fire, they sat around drinking water and watching the pot boil, then emptied a packet of gruel into it for a meal.  They were all ravenous by the time it was ready, and formed a queue to have their bowls filled by Glaina.  In next to no time the gruel was gone, and the pot washed out, with more water boiling for a cup of vinath each.  Adeeone was still engaged making the fishing net, as they all disappeared at various intervals to attend to their ablutions, before retiring for the night, leaving Adeeone and Adeetoo on guard.
Adeeone was near the riverbank seated on a fallen log busily making the fishing net.  Suddenly, he became aware of a large shape that emerged silently from the undergrowth.  It sat on the fallen log beside him, staring out across the river.  He could hear it breathing.  It was larger than he was with yellow eyes, big teeth, and darkly striped body and long tail that slowly curled around its feet, the end slowly waving back and forth.  He carried on making the net wondering, is this a sentient being of this planet.
Ship broke into his thoughts, “will you try communicating with it.  It seems friendly enough?”
“Yes,” he replied and turned his head to speak.  It had vanished as silently as it had appeared.
Next morning the crew are awakened by a voice speaking an unknown language, emerging from the shelters, they were astounded to find a row of beings, prostrate on the ground, another being knelt before Adeeone and Adeetoo, with hands together at head level.  When it saw them, it began trembling.  A torrent of sounds began pouring from its mouth.  As everyone seemed rooted to the spot, Ancore took charge.
“They must be welcoming us.  Someone bring the chairs over.”
The chairs were quickly put in a half circle facing the strange beings; another chair was placed behind the kneeling being.  Ancore told the crew to sit, and then stood in front of the being gesturing for it to be seated.  It had a great difficulty standing.  Ancore took its arm and helped it to the chair, which caused a ripple of aahhh's from the prostrate ones, then took a seat herself.
For over a minute, the crew and the beings studied one another.  Ancore realised the being in the chair was ancient.  Its face was brown and much wrinkled.  On its head, it had long white fur that hung down the back almost to its waist.  One eye was brown; the other had a white growth over it.  It was dressed as were the others, in a simple one-piece open necked grey tunic.  Below which it wore faded blue trousers, on its feet it wore open slippers held on through its toes by two arches of material.  It was then she realised, that all the beings had five fingers and toes.
As neither party could understand the other all conversation was by sign language, first the old man, for that was what he was, all the crew now realised, pointed to himself and spoke the word “Sharmin,” several times over.
Ancore then pointed to him and repeated “Sharmin,” he nodded in assent.
Ancore pointed to herself saying, “Ancore, Ancore.”  The sign language conversation continued in this vein for the next hour.  The prostrate ones were now sitting cross-legged on the ground.
The old man Sharmin wanted to know if they came from the stars, when Ancore agreed there was another ripple of aahhh's.
The crew gathered they came from a village downstream, when asked what the name of this planet was, the old man answered Gandhara.
Ancore asked Adeeone to light the fire and put water to boil for a drink of vinath, for their visitors.  The visitors had lit their own fire and were preparing something on it that smelt very appetizing.  So, the talking continued the Vinath was offered to the guests who quaffed it with seeming relish.
The crew was then presented with a green leaf each, filled with a spicy vegetable.  There were gales of mirth when Ancore tried to eat some and the leaf, a younger member of the party quickly showed her the proper way to eat with one's fingers.  The leaf was only to hold the food, not to be eaten she realised.
The food was delicious but caused the mouth to burn slightly after it had been eaten, and quite a few cups of water were drunk.  After they had eaten, each of the crew was presented with a woven multicoloured cloth they called Jamevar.  After the crew had accepted the presents, Ancore was at a loss what to give them in return, until Glaina suggested that Adeetoo should check Sharmin's eye to see if anything could be done to correct it.
Adeetoo came over and with great difficulty; they persuaded the old leader Sharmin to let Adeetoo examine his eyes.
“He has cataracts in one eye.  This is easily treated captain, but I need to do it inside Lander one, where I have set up a small treatment area.”
Trying to convey to Sharmin what they wanted him to do was exceedingly difficult.  He looked utterly terrified when Adeetoo led him into the Lander; he was shaking like a leaf.  Ancore accompanied him to help reassure him.  Inside Adeetoo sat him on a chair and brought a machine over that allowed him to examine the eye under high magnification, and displayed the image on a screen alongside him.  Sharmin gripped the arms of the chair with such intensity that Ancore felt impelled to stroke his arm and speak softly, to try to reassure him, no harm would come to him.
After examining the eye Adeetoo put some drops in it, “this will gently numb the eye,” he told the trembling wreck before him.  He then dropped into the eye some nanobots, which he had sucked up from a dish with a dropper, and then leaned back examining the screen beside him.
“It will take several minutes for the nanobots to complete removing the scale from the eye, and then I can wash out the debris and the nanobots,” he explained to Ancore.
Sharmin had started to relax slightly, while they sat waiting for the nanobots to finish.  After several minutes and careful observation of the eye, Adeetoo washed it out and put some drops in from a different dropper, “that will neutralise the numbing effect, in a moment his eye will be completely normal, captain.”
The old man’s face wreathed in smiles showing all his missing teeth, as he babbled away to them, placing his hands together in front of his face as he kept bowing to Adeeone.  They led him gently from the Lander, as he emerged, he raised his arms to his fellows and a torrent of words poured from him.  They only caught a few of them, he spoke so fast, Dawa, and Acha are repeated many times, as his followers rushed forward to examine his eye.
Then they faced Adeetoo and all knelt with hands together in front of their faces, as they chanted, Namaste Utnapishtim, Namaste Utnapishtim, Namaste Utnapishtim.
Then several of the men came before Adeetoo in supplication showing a damaged foot or arm, Adeetoo examined them all and treated them with various ointments and bandages.  Eventually, the visitors decided to leave but left an older man called Sadhu behind, to teach them their language?  He accompanied Adeetoo everywhere pointing and saying a word for all the various things around them.
Adeeone had finished the fishing net, and that evening, he and Breen went fishing.  They managed to catch three large fish; the largest had feelers around its huge mouth.  The other two although slightly smaller were very handsome fish with large golden scales and powerful tails.  They killed one golden fish for that night's meal, the other two they put in the walled pool Breen had made.  They took the dead fish triumphantly back to camp, Sadhu the teacher showed them how to clean and prepare it for cooking.
That night they enjoyed a wonderful meal of fish, with boiled seeds the teacher had brought with him and some herbs he had picked.  The teaching had reached the stage of short conversations and with Adeetoo as an interpreter; they all started learning the language.
Things progressed rapidly and within the week they could all hold a passable conversation, had a much clearer idea of what they could, and could not eat, how to identify edible plants and fruit, also some of the perils of this unfamiliar planet.  Bears, Snakes, Tigers, Panthers, Rhino and Elephant.  It was during this lesson that Adeeone recounted his meeting, with what he now realised was a tiger.
They learnt a King ruled the area they were in, and there were many Kings, who ruled different areas but all answered to Emperor Bharata.  It seemed one main duty of a King was to keep open the trade routes through the country, and levy taxes on travellers.  Each large village had a Caravanserai, a kind of lodging house for merchants, with water nearby and grazing for the animals. It was decided that as there was not enough room in the Landers for them all to travel together, Adeeone and Adeetoo would accompany Sadhu to their village, named Taxila.  The rest of the crew would help reload Lander One and meet them there later.
Two hours later as they were airborne heading for Taxila, the radio suddenly crackled into life, and a voice heard talking to someone else in an unknown language.  The voice spoke for another ten seconds and then clicked off.  The airwaves resumed their normal background hissing.  Nassel came on the inter-ship phone, “do you think that could have been Zedds captain.”
“Who else has advanced technology on this planet, the natives appear not to have invented the wheel yet, certainly they do not have radios.  It must be Zedds, and if they are listening, they now know that other advanced people are on this planet, keep radio silence” she replied.
They landed on the outskirts of Taxila, near a lake, and are greeted by what seemed the entire population.  The headman dressed in his finery, wearing a folded blue cloth on his head, accompanied by his parasol bearer, he stepped forward to greet them, and bowing with hands clasped together fingertips touching his forehead.  He was about medium height, well built, with bright brown eyes and reeked of perfume.
“Welcome honourable travellers, your highness's fame travels before you, like the call of the peacock on a summer wind.”
Six young women came forward with garlands of flowers that they hung around the necks of all the crew.
“I am Zakir head of the village council, and area tax collector for his Munificence, Emperor Bharata, ruler of all Arachosia,” the headman announced as the young girls lifted parasols above the heads of the crew.  The ones with the job of holding the parasols over Ancore and Rogan were having a struggle because of their height.
Ancore asked him “where is Sharmin?”
“Alas your highness he is Rishis and has set out to end his days in joy, among his brethren in the Himalayan foothills.”
“Rishis, what is that,” asked Rogan.
“Rishis are holy hermits, who live in the Himalayas my lord,” he replied.
The crew looked around taking stock of their surroundings.  Encompassed by a wall of sun-baked bricks the village had West facing, wide wooden gates, with a tower on each side.  Over the top of the gates, stood a building with open windows fronted by a balcony.  Below entering the village was a wide tree-lined dirt road with ditches either side.  Each side of the gate stood a warrior with belted sword and holding a lance and leather covered wicker shield.
“Would you honour me your highnesses, by accompanying me to a dwelling I have arranged for your pleasure, while you are honoured guests in our fair Taxila,” asked Zakir gesturing toward the open gates.
They followed in a stately procession through the gates, passed various buildings made mostly of wattle and daub with thatched roofs, set back from the road running through the centre of the village.  Crossing the main thoroughfare at right angles were several smaller roads.  In the centre of the village stood the circular meeting hall above which were the offices of the village council.  They turned off the main road into a short side road that led into a small park with a pond to one side.  In the centre of the park was a large thatched bungalow.  “This is your dwelling your highnesses.  The finest haveli in the village.  It has every facility for the needs of your highnesses.”  When they reached the bungalow, they realised it was built on three sides of a central courtyard with wide airy verandahs.  Inside were couches, tables laden with fruit, sweet-smelling flowers and herbs.  Above all a huge fan gently swung back and forth stirring the air, operated by a rope pulled by a Pankah-Wallah, who was a young boy of about fourteen years of age whose name they found out later was Sammi.
The haveli had three separate sleeping quarters with charpoys, which turned out to be rope-strung beds, with herb-filled mattresses.  A communal bathing area completed the inside of the dwelling; in the courtyard were the sweet water well, and the cooking area.
Ancore thanked Zakir, “you have shown us great hospitality Zakir, on behalf of us all I give you our thanks,” the rest of the crew echoed Ancore's sentiments.
Zakir's face was wreathed in smiles, “I have mounted a guard on your flying conveyances, these servants,” he pointed to a row of young girls who had filed in and were bowing with hands together in front of their faces, “will attend to your every need.” They thanked him again, he replied, “I have taken the liberty of summoning the tailor, who will be honoured to make new clothes for you, to your own design.  Tomorrow evening your highnesses are invited to a feast and concert, to be held in the grounds for your pleasure,” with that little speech finished, he asked if he had their permission to leave them, as he had many arrangements to attend too.
Ancore replied, “certainly Zakir.  We are overwhelmed by your generosity and look forward to tomorrow evening.”  After he had left and the servants had brought them food and drink, they dismissed them.
They sat around in a conference discussing what was uppermost in their thoughts, Zedds.
Glaina kicked off with, “what we need is weapons, hand lasers are hardly adequate, if what Nassel saw in their wrecked ship is anything to go by.”
“I agree with Glaina, BIG weapons preferably,” piped up Fantee.  Nassel and Breen exchanged glances, “We have big weapons,” confessed Nassel.
“Yes we didn't want to alarm you by telling you about them,” added Breen, “we secretly loaded them in Lander two, which was why it was so full.”
“What are these weapons?” asked Ancore.
“Breen and I dismantled the rail guns.  We were worried about what we might encounter on this planet,” said Nassel.
“Thank the stars, you had the foresight to load them,” remarked Rogan.
Everyone concurred; a lot of worry had left their faces since Nassel and Breen's confession.  “What about the discs,” queried Ancore?
“We loaded them as well,” replied Nassel.
“Good, that's a lot off our minds, can they be fitted on the Landers,” asked Ancore.
“Yes, it will take several days to fit them, also the disc loading mechanism will need modifying, and I suggest flying out to sea to test and align them, well away from land,” said Breen.
“That would be very prudent.  We don't want to alert the Zedds wherever they may be,” agreed Ancore.
“That should be next on our priority list,” said Nassel, “we need to find where they are operating from.”
“That's easier said than done, has anyone got any ideas how to find them, without them finding us,” asked Rogan.
Fantee spoke up, “we might be able to monitor the radio frequency they used today, with two widely separated Landers, we could get a reasonable fix on them, them.  Three would give us a triangulation point.”
“We could wait weeks for them to use the radio again, in the meantime.  How do we communicate with one another in widely separated Landers without them finding us,” asked Ancore.
No one had any ideas on that problem, so they decided to wait for ideas to emerge later.  Then Breen remarked, “what if they find us, our Landers are in plain sight and bunched together, it would be easy to destroy them all.”
“We must think of a way to keep them separated and hidden, exclaimed Ancore.
“Under trees would be the obvious place,” answered Nassel
“If we are widely separated in different Landers, how do we communicate,” asked Fantee.  That stumped them all; they sat around looking puzzled until Ancore spoke.
“I think we should concentrate on what we can do, the moment, we can fit the rail guns, we can test them and we can camouflage the Landers, the rest we will have to think about later.”  There were relieved nods and grunts of assent.  Adeeone and Adeetoo arrived with Sadhu at that moment; garlands around their necks, accompanied by serving girls and assorted followers.
Ancore took charge and dismissed them all; she then quickly related to Adeeone and Adeetoo what the problems were and what had been decided.
Adeeone said, “light communication, it is line of sight only though captain.”
“How would that be achieved Adeeone,” asked Ancore.
“Modulated laser beam, aimed at whatever you wish to communicate with captain,” he said.
“That's brilliant Adeeone,” she said.  Adeetoo spoke “captain we still have a working medical replicator, we could make Lander sized camouflage suits.”  “Wonderful idea Adeetoo,” she enthused.
“I suggest tomorrow we make a start, Breen and Nassel if you could fit the rail guns.  Fantee, Rogan and I will concentrate on laser communication, Glaina would you and Adeetoo concentrate on replicating camouflage suit material.”  Everyone agreed, as the conversation drifted around to other topics they are interrupted by the arrival of the tailor and his retinue carrying bolts of beautifully dyed coloured cloths.
Soon they were being measured and fitted, the girls had opted for loose swathes of cloth cunningly wrapped around the lower body from the waist down, the top was a short bodice, and over their heads went another piece of cloth that started at the waist, they had opted for different coloured outfits.  Fantee had chosen an orangey red that went fabulously with her skin, Glaina had picked a saffron outfit, and Ancore had opted for a plummy purple colour, which really accented her golden eyes.  The men had all selected baggy trousers over which was a long jacket with a sash at the waist, on their heads they had decided, amidst much laughter on a cap that came to a pointed peak front and rear.  Adeeone and Adeetoo had gone for a long flowing one-piece garment with long sleeves and an integral hood, Adeeone wanted blue like a spring sky, and Adeetoo wanted a mint green outfit.
The tailor then showed them various shoes, slippers and boots.  All the men and the androids chose the mid-calf soft leather boots, all the girls went for slippers of various types to match their outfits.  After all the measurements had been taken on multiple pieces of cord and the shape of each foot drawn with charcoal on skins the tailor and his entourage left promising the clothes and footwear would be ready for the feast the following day.
Early next morning after a delicious meal, they went to the Landers and got to work.  It seemed half the grownups and all the children sat around brewing chai watching.
Adeetoo and Glaina had been having second thoughts about the camouflage.  Instead of making camouflage material, they had decided a better option was camouflage paint.  They dragged the replicator out of the Lander and built a platform to stand it on, and a funnel in the top to pour in the various elements and piles of earth and water that would be required to fabricate the paint.
 Adeetoo programmed in, its chemical formula, and with the willing assistance of some of the children, they obtained many wooden and leather pails.
Ancore and her party having finished modifying the signalling lasers came over to help them.
“We need brushes to put the paint on with,” said Glaina.
“Sticks with bundles of cloth tied on the ends would do,” said Rogan.
These were soon fashioned with the help of the villagers, and with some of the older children shovelling earth, and Adeetoo pouring in some of the scarcer elements and the water, the paint started to flow.  Of course, it looked like a bright pink gooey mess.  With borrowed wooden ladders and many helpers, the paint was liberally smeared over the Landers top and bottom the crew supervised the proceedings because there were certain areas that must not be painted.
“This doesn't look much like camouflage,” remarked Fantee.
“It looks more like three giant pink pies,” said Rogan with a big grin on his face.
“Oh you disbelievers just wait and see,” cried Glaina.
A lot of the children helpers had managed to get paint splashed all over them, Ancore was trying to explain to them, that they should come to the river and wash it off, but some of them had already gone home as it was now late afternoon. Nassel and Breen came out from one of the Landers; they had been busy fabricating the parts they would need to fit the rail guns.
“My they stand out well, is this the anti-camouflage paint you designed Glaina?” asked Nassel with a twinkle in his eye.
“These should really blend into the landscape,” commented Breen with a large grin.  Glaina's neck was starting to flush as she retorted, “you just wait and see.  We had better mark where they are, so we can find them in the morning.”
Privately, she was a bit worried, as she whispered to Adeetoo, “We did get the formula right didn't we?”  “Yes,” he answered.
They shut the Landers up and carried out a final check of the area, impressing on the leader of the men guarding the Landers, to let no one touch them.  Then went and bathed in the river before returning to their lodgings.
True to his word, the tailor arrived, and the fittings began, it said a lot for the skill of the man and his work force that very little needed alteration, and that was accomplished within the hour.
After being washed again by the servants, they each had a massage with sweet-smelling oils and unguents.
“This is wonderfully soothing,” murmured Glaina.
Fantee was purring like a cat as she replied, “ahh this is absolute bliss.”
“I feel so relaxed, I can feel the knots in my muscles unwinding, added Ancore.
In the next room, the three men were receiving slightly different treatment.  After being washed and rubbed with sweet-scented herbs, they were now being gently flogged with wet branches.
“My goodness, this certainly makes you tingle all over,” remarked Breen.
“I must have been a masochist in another life, this is certainly bracing,” replied Rogan.
“This is better than a sonic shower, if she gets any lower with this branch, all the blood is going to drain from my head,” quipped Nassel, to hilarious cackles of laughter from the others.
After the massage, they were gently dried and dressed in their new outfits ready for the feast.  Adeeone and Adeetoo had submitted to being washed, but had declined the massage, when they appeared in their new hooded robes, they both looked most mysterious figures.
Zakir arrived and presented a flower to each of the girls with gushing praises of their beauty.
“What an old smoothie he is,” said Ancore in their own language.
Fantee replied, “Ohh, I think I could get to enjoy all this attention.”
Glaina broke into the tittering, “I wish he would tone down that reeking perfume.  He must pour it on by the basin full.”
They each took their partners and with the two androids trailing behind, they followed Zakir out into the park where a large tent was erected.
When they entered the tent, they were greeted by crowds of people bowing, and shown to a sumptuous pile of cushions laid out for them.  They are each given a silver bowl, and when they were comfortably seated, the whole assembly sat, and at a clap of Zakir's hands, musicians started playing low throbbing drums and stringed instruments played with a bow.
Servants arrived with steaming platters of food for them to choose from.  Ancore leant over to Zakir asking, “What is this food called.  It is delicious.”
“We call that a vegetable biryani,” he said smiling.
After seven more dishes, they were beginning to wonder how many more dishes they are expected to eat, as they were getting very full.  That is when they brought in the grandest dish, they had ever seen.  It was a peacock stuffed with fruits and spices, the huge fan of feathers in a magnificent array.
“It looks too splendid to eat,” remarked Fantee in awe.
“Well if it tastes as wonderful as it looks, we are in for a rare treat,” replied Nassel.
They were each served some in their silver bowls, and the piquant flavours made their mouths run with saliva.  “Superb dish,” said Ancore to Rogan and Zakir. 
“I am glad your highnesses enjoyed it,” replied Zakir, “it is only served on very special occasions.”
“You do us great honour” she replied.
They were also given silver chalices of a wonderful liquid to drink.  “This is gorgeous, what is it?” asked Rogan.
“It is called wine my lord.  Some refer to it as the ambrosia of the gods, but too much can make your wits leave you.  It is brought by ship from across the ocean,” answered Zakir.  They then leaned back on the cushions, as three dancers wearing the briefest of diaphanous costumes came in and performed the most sensual slow dance that they had ever witnessed, with dark flashing eyes, and sinuous gestures of hands and fingers to a throbbing drum beat accompanied with haunting pipes.
When it finished, the crowd clapped and clapped calling for more.  Nassel beckoned a young serving girl over and asked her to go to the bungalow, and fetch his instrument, the Celandine to him; she nodded and left with alacrity.  Returning a few minutes later as the jugglers were finishing, she handed him the instrument with a low bow.
“It’s time we sang for our supper Fantee,” Nassel said to her, standing and helping her to her feet.
They walked into the centre, and after a quickly whispered exchange, Nassel started playing a trilling, haunting melody.  Then Fantee started to sing in her own tongue, from deep bass her voice rose slowly higher, higher, higher, rising to the heights, and falling to liquid depths, a full four octaves.  The audience were spellbound, they had never heard anything like this before; some were moved to tears by the exquisite voice.  When they finished there was a long silence, then a cheering clapping crowd surged around them begging for more.  They sang and played one more song of unrequited love.  It soared and swooped and although most of the audience did not know what it was about, the tune and the throbbing, sobbing voice contained so much passion it tore at the strings of their hearts.  The audience was enthralled, swaying to the underlying rhythm of the song.  When it ended, there was a swelling roar of appreciation, as they made their way back to the cushions.  Zakir clapping them as they returned paid them both compliments, although his eyes were firmly fixed on Fantee.
After the sensual dancers did another turn, an old man walked to the centre and after bowing to the honoured guests, he sat cross-legged and began reciting poetry with a story.
It concerned a valiant group, which crossed the heavens in a large flying bird and their adventures and battles.
They had encountered the second in command of all the Djinn, and after a heroic battle, they had managed to douse him in lamp oil, and throw burning brands on him.  With a loud whoosh and a flash, he had lit up the heavens burning so bright.  He appeared like a second sun.  The great father of all Djinns had been so angered at the destruction of his second in command that he ordered that the band of heroes be destroyed by any means possible and to this end; he sent fiery rocks flying at great speed around the heavens searching for this valiant band of star people.
The star people had pulled an invisible cloak over themselves but one of the flaming rocks accidentally crashed into them and mortally wounded the great flying bird named Ship.  Not being able to heal the giant bird ship, they had to leave it and embark in its three children.
The six valiant warriors, with the great sage Utnapishtim, the green one bless his name, along with his brother, the celestial pilot Adtheone, having a memory of all things, since the beginning of time.  Followed the giant mother bird Ship, as she showed them, a place of safety before she died in glory, streaking across the heavens with a final roar of defiance.
The valiant star people landed on the edge of the Indus River near here.  A delegation of teachers and wise men led by the old mystic Sharmin, who was blind in one eye, were dispatched to greet them, after much cordial discussion the delegation offered rugs as gifts to warm the travellers at night.
The chief of the star people, the great warrior maiden highness Ahncor, made entreaty to the great Utnapishtim, to give the gift of sight to Sharmin the mystic.  With gentle hand, Utnapishtim led ancient Sharmin into one daughter of the great bird, Ship.  Inside he bade Sharmin to sit, and applied a magic potion to his eye, all feeling left him.  Then Utnapishtim plucked out Sharmin's eye.
Loud “Aahhhs,” rippled around the enthralled audience, as the old storyteller poet continued.
Utnapishtim took a magic cloth of golden stardust, and polished the eye until it shone with a wondrous lustre.  The green one bless his name, then replaced the eye in the empty socket, applying healing unguents that brought all feeling back into his completely restored eye.  When Sharmin came forth from the child of the great bird ship into the sunlight, he stood in awe; he could now see the eye of an eagle flying over a Kos away.  He called his companions to witness the miracle of his eye, which now shone as it did in his youth.
After the party left the star people to take the tidings of the great miracle to Taxila, the old seer Sharmin took his departure, to visit his companions in the Himalayan foothills and spread the fame of Utnapishtim.  The heroic saga is now almost complete; it only remains to tell of the daughters of the great bird Ship.
Weary now from all the countless Kos they had travelled, they brought the star people to Taxila.  Where they found a green pleasant pasture to rest in, and with the help of the good people of Taxila, Utnapishtim concocted a healing balm that the people helped apply to the faithful daughters of the great bird Ship.  The healing ointment made them shine pink like the setting sun, as they are guarded from the father of all Djinns, whose name cannot be spoken, by the brave warriors of Taxila.
This is the end of my tale of heroism and sorcery and wicked Djinns.  And a true account of the journeys of the valiant band of star people, I am Dhrostma poet and storyteller, and will tomorrow travel on to tell other peoples of this epic saga throughout the land.
The audience clapped and cheered, they had been riveted as the tale unfolded.  Zakir sent a small bag of silver to the storyteller who bowing low to the company took his leave.
“Well you can understand how legends are created,” remarked Ancore.
Glaina observed, “it’s twisted somewhat, but if you are talking to people with no concept of space travel, by what other means can you convey our story.  What surprises me most is where did they get all this information from?”  There were general denials all around from the crew, no one admitted divulging that much information.
After more music and dancing, also many silver flagons of wine, the feast ended and attentive maidens escorted them back to their bungalow.  They had to steady the crew as the wine was beginning to affect them, and they were very wobbly on their feet.  Breen was the worst and tripped on the verandah pulling several nubile young things down with him.  They were eventually safely tucked up in their charpoys for the night, the bungalow resounding to drunken snores.
Just after dawn, they were awakened from their drunken stupor by screams and wailing.  They hurriedly dressed and came tumbling from their rooms to be greeted by the sight of servants wailing and beating their breasts, and praying to the gods to save them from the wrath of the Emperor.
Ancore grabbed one of the wailing servant girls and had to slap her before she could get her to explain what was happening.
Tearfully the girl who was shaking like a leaf with fright managed to stammer.  “Your, hig --- your highness djinns have been in the night.  Oh what will the Emperor do to us.  We will all be put to death,” she wailed.
“Pull yourself together girl,” ordered Ancore, “Rogan go and try to find out what's happening outside,” she asked.
Rogan ran out of the bungalow to be confronted by the sight of the captain of the Lander guard, on his knees in supplication before Adeeone and Adeetoo.
“My lord” he cried as he saw Rogan, “it was Djinns.  They came in the night lord.  My men fought valiantly but were overwhelmed.  I beg mercy my lord.”
”What are you babbling about man,” snapped Rogan still trying to clear his swimming head.  
“The Djinns lord they came in the night, my men and I fought mightily, but were vastly outnumbered.  The djinns cut off the legs of the flying birds, and made off with the bodies my lord.”
Comprehension suddenly awakened in Rogan; first, he started spluttering, then unable to suppress it, great gales of laughter burst from him and tears started to roll down his face.  Most of the crew was outside, and had heard the conversation with the captain of the guard.  Rogan tried to help the terrified man to his feet, but he resisted, convinced the awful news had turned Rogan mad.
Watching the antics of these two had started the rest of the crew off, and they were holding their stomachs because they were laughing so hard they were in pain.
When they could laugh no more, and were exhaustedly lying around groaning, servants started dousing them with water, trying to shock them, and help them regain their wits.
Eventually, Rogan pulled himself together, “STOP, STAND STILL,” he shouted.  Everyone froze.  He then explained, “The salve we painted on the flying birds yesterday had a magic potion mixed with it, they have not been spirited away by Djinns.  They are now invisible.”  He lifted the unresisting captain to his feet, “come with me, I will show you,” he commanded.
They all trooped out of the village to the landing field, when the warriors saw them coming, they fell to their knees in fear.  It was a funny sight, kneeling terrified soldiers in front.  Framed by a mini forest of steel legs behind them, which was all that could be seen of the three Landers.  Rogan and the rest of the crew opened the Lander hatches and climbed inside, promptly disappearing to gasps of amazement from the assembly.
When the crew climbed out and locked up the Landers, the truth dawned on the crowd of servants, smiles of relief shone on their faces as they slowly returned to the bungalow chattering animatedly among themselves.
It was only an hour later when a delegation of wailing mothers arrived dragging their children with them demanding that their little darlings be restored to full health.  It was the children who had gone home early the afternoon before.  They are paraded before the crew the mothers wailing as they lined them up before the crew seeking redress.  Children stood in a line with their missing parts of ears, elbows, fingers toes and knees.
Ancore turned to Adeetoo, “can you make a mild solvent that will remove the invisible paint from these children, without harming them?”  She asked him.
“Yes,” he replied setting off for the Lander to make a solvent in the replicator.  Meanwhile, the children are given fruit to eat while they await Adeeone’s return.  He returned fifteen minutes later carrying a wooden bucket filled with a faintly blue liquid.  “I shall require warm water and cloths,” he told Ancore.
Ancore ordered some of the female servants who were standing around to fetch warm water and cloths.  When they returned all the crew began gently removing the invisible paint from the children and to wash and dry them until they were once more looking whole again and sparkling like new pins, much to the relief of the children's mothers who thanked the crew before rushing their little darlings back home.


########



Chapter Five



The following morning, as the sky glowed with pinks and purples, Breen awoke with a start.  Something was nagging him, try as he might he could not remember the dream.  Quietly, he slipped out of the charpoy, taking his clothes, he donned his pantaloons and boots with a backward glance at his beloved Glaina, as he crept from the room.
After washing, he finished dressing took a banana and silently left the bungalow.  Eating the banana, he strolled out of the village to the landing site.  Where he greeted the guards, then, stood looking at the twelve Lander legs supporting nothing.  That is the trouble with invisibility, he mused, you cannot see it.  Like a bolt from the blue, it clicked what had been bothering him.  Invisibility!  Now we are in trouble, how can you work on fitting something requiring accuracy, to something invisible?
He stood pondering the problem, and then his mind shot off on another angle.  If I cannot see the Landers now, what will happen when we are in the air, and the landing legs are retracted?  Well, that is easy.  We will be invisible.  If we are invisible, how do we avoid a collision?  Oh dear, oh dear, if we are airborne and invisible, how do we locate the positions of the other Landers?  For ship-to-ship, silent laser communication, we need to point the laser at the other Lander.  Oh dear, this will not do.  I think we have to discuss this problem of invisibility.  It seems to have created more problems than it has solved.
He turned and walked back to the bungalow, wrestling with the problem of invisibility.  All the crew was still asleep at the bungalow, apart from the cook and a few servants, drinking chai in the courtyard.  Asking for chai, he entered the bungalow and sat in the lounge, still deep in thought.  A young serving girl brought him the tea he had ordered, bowing with a smile, she said, “Namaste burra sahib,” placing a steaming bowl of amber tea before him, she withdrew, again bowing.  As he blew on it, then sipped the steamy brew, he mind wrestled the problem of invisibility.  He could see no solution.  The only sensible course of action was to remove the paint.
Ancore and Rogan came out of their bedroom, “Hi Breen.  You're up early,” before he could reply they were gone, jogging off around the park.  He sat sipping his tea, idly looking around the room.  He noticed Adeeone and Adeetoo, stood against a wall connected to each other by the one thousand and twenty four pin cable.  I wonder what they are up to, he thought lazily, as his mind returned to the invisibility problem.
Then Glaina came out of the bedroom.  “Hi my love, you’re up early,” she called as she disappeared into the bathing area.  Then Nassel and Fantee burst out of their bedroom, giggling and pinching each other.  “Hi Breen you’re up early, anyone else up?”  Nassel called, as they vanished into the bathing room, leaving a bubbling burst of giggles behind them startling him.  Breen sat trying to recall if he was the last to rise in the morning since they had landed on the planet.
Glaina gently rapped her knuckles on his head “hello Breen, is there anyone in there!”
“Oh, hello my love, tell me, have I been the last one to rise in the mornings, since we landed on this planet.”
Glaina replied, “What made you ask?”
“I couldn’t sleep this morning and went for a walk to the Landers and back, when I returned everyone else getting up kept saying, hello Breen you’re up early.”  Glaina began to chuckle, “I never thought I’d see you, being so sensitive about a little thing like that.”
“Like what?” he asked.
“Like you’re always the last one up, my love,” she said laughing outright at him.
“Well, a growing lad needs his sleep,” he grumbled, “apart from my sleeping habits.  We have a big problem with invisibility,” he added.
“What, about invisibility,” she asked.
“You can’t see it,” he replied.
“If you could see it, then it wouldn’t be invisible,” she retorted.
“Ho ho.  I mean, if the Landers are invisible, how do I fit the rail guns on them.  If the Landers are invisible, how are we going to stop them colliding when airborne, if we can’t see each other?”
“We track one another on radar scanners, of course,” she replied.
“I thought the idea of invisibility was so that the ZEDDS couldn’t find us, if we use the radar scanners it would be the same as using the radio.  They could pinpoint us in a flash,” he said.
“Oh, I see now, why you are so concerned about invisibility.  You're so oblique, it’s a wonder you can walk upright,” she replied sarcastically.
Ignoring her jibe, he continued, “Now you see why we need a full meeting of the crew.  I’ve wracked my brains, but the only way out of this mess I can come up with, is to remove the invisible paint.”
Fantee and Nassel arrived and ordered chai, “Are you having tea this morning Glaina,” asked Fantee?
“Yes, please make that three chai,” requested Glaina, then said to the company, “Breen is very worried about the Landers being invisible, and crashing into each other when airborne.”  Fantee replied, “We have radar.  Oh!  I see what you mean, radio and radar silence, oh yes, we hadn’t thought of that.”
“Have either of you any ideas on how we could track one another in the Landers, without alerting the Zedds,” asked Breen.  They all remained silent thinking hard.
The serving girl arrived with their chai, after serving them, she bowed and left.  They sat around blowing on their chai and sipping, deep in thought.  They heard Ancore and Rogan arrive, giving orders for chai to be brought them in the lounge.  They entered smiling and talking animatedly, until they saw the crew sitting glum faced staring at them.  “What’s going on,” queried Ancore.
The crew looked askance at one another, then Glaina spoke, “Breen has discovered a major problem with the Landers being invisible, it’s twofold.
One.  He cannot see the Landers to accurately fit the rail guns on them.
Two, when the Landers are airborne as we can’t use radio or radar scanning, how do we avoid mid-air collisions.”
“Oh, I see what you mean,” she said, as she and Rogan slumped into vacant chairs.  “Now we know why you’re all looking so glum.”
Breen spoke up, “the only solution as I see it is to remove the invisibility paint, that leaves us with the original problem of hiding the Landers from prying eyes, when they are on the ground.”  They sat quietly sipping chai mulling the problem over.  After tossing ideas back and forth and bringing Adeeone and Adeetoo over to join them, they finally decided to paint over the invisible paint with a patchwork of different colours that would break up the outlines.  This would save them stripping off the invisible paint, allow them to fit the rail guns to two of the Landers.  Enable them to see each other in flight, and point the communication lasers in the right directions.
With all the main problems resolved.  They then considered what gift they could give the village in payment for their hospitality.  It was decided to show them how to build the wheel and axle, so that large heavy loads could be transported, reasonably easily.  ”Breen would you find Zakir and explain wheels and axles to him, and what it could mean for the prosperity of the village, Adeeone, would you accompany Breen please to help him,” Ancore requested.  Breen gave an affirmative nod, and then left with Adeeone in tow to find the village headman.
Ancore continued, “I think the rest of us should set about repainting the Landers, and then Breen can fit the rail guns when it’s dry.”
Breen and Adeeone walked down the dusty main street of the village, to the centre where Zakir had his office, near the sacred Banyan tree that grew protected behind a low, sun baked mud brick wall.
There they were informed that Zakir was outside the east gate, where a large caravan was due to arrive at the caravanserai in several hours’ time.  The pair of them wandered slowly along to the east gate and out of the village to the caravanserai, on the edge of a very large field.  It had corrals built off to one side of the large wooden building that would accommodate the merchants, the caravan leader and his men, the drovers and the Kshatriya or hired warriors along with their marmaluks or warrior slaves.  They guarded the caravan from the ravages of bandits and thugs, who inhabited jungli and forest areas along the caravan routes.
They found Zakir around the back of the building, supervising the storage of fodder bales for the animals.
“I bow to you great sirs,” he greeted them in the traditional manner, what he actually said was, Namaste burra sahibs.  Breen returned the greeting then asked, “Have you time to discuss a very important matter Zakir.”
“Oh yes sahib, I am just telling these fellows where to stack the fodder for the caravan due in today.  Let us go inside out of the sun and have chai.”
Inside was a very long open room, with charpoys down each side; above the charpoys along each wall ran a wide shelf.  In the centre aisle were tables and wicker chairs, Zakir gestured for them to be seated, and ordered three, lemon chai from a servant who had suddenly appeared.
He sat down with them at the table and politely asked, “How can I help your highnesses.”
Breen explained, “We wish to give you and the whole village a gift, in return for your generous hospitality towards us.”
“I know my duties my lords, to administer the village, and tax passing caravans and travellers.  You are the first flying travellers my lords.  I am not knowing what tax is decreed by the Emperor for a flying traveller.”
Breen looked slightly perplexed, “I am not speaking of tax Zakir.  I am speaking of giving to you and this village the gift of great knowledge, and it will make you and the village wealthy beyond your wildest dreams.”
“Oh, yes my lord we thank you, the village and I am very grateful for great knowledge.  I sent a soldier on horseback the day you touched the ground to Emperor Bharata, requesting how much tax I should charge for flying travellers.  He should return in two months my lords, then I can charge the correct tax you see sahib.”
Breen looked astounded, “Zakir, are you telling me that we have to pay tax.”
“Oh yes my lord every traveller has to pay tax.  It is the edict of the Emperor all travellers pay tax.”  The servant arrived with the chai and set it before them, bowed and left.
“How much tax does a caravan pay,” asked Breen out of curiosity.
“That is easy my lord, one-twentieth of all trade goods.”
“That seems an awfully big tax Zakir.”
“Oh no my lord that is the correct tax.  The Emperor has much expense on keeping the road open; then there are soldiers to guard the road.  Then there is the entire caravanserai in each village to maintain, all the servants, the village administrators, and the fodder for the animals.  Then come all the wells and lakes, the princes, the kings, and the Emperor himself.  Oh yes, my lords the expenses are very great.”
“We don’t have any trade goods,” protested Breen.
“My lords, you have three flying birds filled with goods,” said Zakir earnestly.
“But they are not trade goods.  They are things to help us survive on this planet,” complained Breen.
“Is it not said my lord, one man’s things to help him survive, are another man’s trade goods.”
“What if we didn’t pay our taxes and just flew away,” Breen asked.
“Oh, very bad my lord, you would lose your honour.  Your misdeed would be proclaimed throughout the land.  People would say there go those flying people who stole from the Emperor his due tax.  After you had been tried by the Emperor’s judges and found guilty, you would most likely be sentenced to impalement.  Because I let you go without getting the tax, my family and I would be impaled, and the whole village punished.  Oh no my lord, you are honourable flying people.  You would pay the tax my lord.”
“What if we took you to the Emperor, you could ask him how much tax we should pay in person.  It will only take one day,” offered Breen.
“Oh no my lord, I cannot leave.  I have a village to run and taxes to collect, oh no lord.  I must do my duty here lord.”
Breen decided he was not advancing his case, if they did not want the wheel, well we can always tell someone else about wheel making.  Thanking Zakir for the chai, he left with Adeeone in tow and returned to the bungalow and found it empty, a servant told them, the highnesses had gone to the flying birds, so they headed for the west gate, meeting the rest of the crew, returning to the bungalow for a meal and chai.
“That was quick, building a wheel and explaining it all, very astute fellows these Taxillians,” called Ancore in greeting.
“We need another crew meeting,” said Breen glumly.
When they were seated, Breen was too mind weary to go all through it again, so he asked Adeeone to tell the crew word for word what had happened.  After listening to Adeeone, the crew was at a loss what to say, it was just the very last thing they expected.
Finally, Ancore spoke, “you can see Zakir’s predicament.  He has been ordered to collect tax from travellers.  We are travellers.  Therefore, we must pay tax.  However, we are flying travellers, and he has no instructions about taxing flying travellers because there, never has been flying travellers before, now he’s in a quandary, if he over or under taxes us and the Emperor hears, he could lose his life, and his families lives.  If he does not tax us, it could end in the same result.”
Nassel spoke.  “We could leave this place nobody would ever catch us.  I do not suppose this Emperor rules more than a very small portion of this planet.  They have probably never heard of him a few thousand kilometres away.”
“That’s not the point, as Zakir correctly says, it is our honour at stake we are the first flying travellers, not only our honour but the honour of all future flying people who land in this area,” replied Ancore.
“How can we extricate ourselves from this predicament, in such a way that Zakir and his masters are happy, and we also are happy with the settlement,” asked Rogan.
Glaina chipped in, “I think we should find out what the most valuable things are in this land, and give Zakir enough of whatever it is so that we are free to go.  Because whatever the fee is, he would be holding enough to pay it.”
“I agree, all in favour raise your hands,” requested Ancore.  Seven hands were raised.  “Carried,” she said.
Breen then told them about the large caravan expected that day, “we could watch to see what goods are the most valuable,” he added.  After a meal, they went back and finished painting the Landers, they were now earthy blobby coloured Landers, with an occasional pale blue patch here and there.
That evening they all strolled to the east gate to see the caravan.  The whole village had turned out.  The place was heaving with braying donkeys, camels, and even an elephant.  The unloading of the animals was progressing, and they were being fed and watered for the night.  The caravan they were told had come through one of the passes through the Himalayas from Chini, bringing fans, umbrellas, silks, and wonderfully decorated, fragile pottery, destined for the Emperors palace, spices, medicines, intricately carved jade and ivory and a small herd of fine horses.
They were introduced to the leader of the caravan one Taskinti, who cut a fine figure in his horse hide coat, three cornered green fur hat, wide belt and leather pants and boots, very stocky build and with the most infectious grin.  When asked what the most valuable things that were transported might be, he answered emphatically, “Elephants and horses, closely pursued by rubies, and emerald.”
Ancore got into deep conversation with Taskinti about knowledge from the stars that would make him wealthy, able to purchase many wives and horses, and retire early with a guaranteed steady income.
“What will I have to do to earn all this knowledge,” he asked.
“You need to supply Zakir with horses enough to pay the tax on three flying birds, whatever the Emperor decides the tax should be.  In exchange, we will give you a secret, and show you how to use this secret.  Your caravans will be the safest, and crossing the great desert will hold no terrors for you,” she replied.
“That might require more horses than I have, how will I know if this secret is worth many horses,” Taskinti asked.
“What are you doing at dawn tomorrow, can you meet me at the flying birds, outside the West gate, and I will show you what the secret is, you can then judge its worth for yourself,” she told him.
“I will meet you at dawn,” he replied, “now I must leave, to negotiate with Zakir how much tax flying birds might have to pay,” he announced rising, and bowing before he left.
Ancore wandered off around the field taking in all the sights.  Village children were running everywhere, dodging in and out of piles of goods and animals playing bandits and caravans, villagers selling cooked food in wrapped leaves, and small groups all over the field engaged in barter.  Eventually meeting up with the rest of the crew, she explained what had happened between Taskinti and herself, and the meeting at dawn, as they slowly made their way back through the village to the bungalow, for supper and bed.
The following morning, found the crew assembled at the Lander field, as the sky turned from purple to pink then to golden orange and finally, the blood red orb of the sun, peeped over the far horizon.
Taskinti arrived and was shown to Lander Three.  It took a bit of persuading to get him on board as he said, “If men were meant to fly, they would have wings,” as he baulked at the entrance hatch.  Ancore eventually persuaded him aboard and Rogan joined them, closing the hatch in preparation for lift-off.  They strapped in and Ancore explained what would happen next.  “We will fly up into the air very high; from there you will be able to see everything from coast to coast in detail.  We will capture, that detail and let you take it with you on your journeys; you will always be able to see the country in your hand as if you were flying in this bird today.”
She lifted the Lander and slowly rose higher and higher, pointing out features as they rose higher still, Taskinti gripped the arms of his chair with white knuckles, his teeth clenched in a death like grimace, eyes staring fixedly ahead not seeing anything properly.
Rogan reached across and patted him gently on the arm.  “There is no need to worry Taskinti no harm will befall you here.  We shall rise much higher yet, if you look at the view screen you will be able to see what we will give you, that can be carried in your hand, but will look just like the screen in front of you.”
Eventually, they were high enough to see the shape of the country below them from the seas on each side, plus all the mountains to the north and northeast and the passes and plateau.  They resized the display and added a North pointer then printed out the map in Tri-Dee relief on plasticised metal foil, about one Metre Square.
They placed it in Taskinti’s hands, for him to compare it with the view screen.  His face was a picture.  He just could not believe what he saw in his hands, “This is great magic, you must be gods,” he pronounced.
“Not god’s just travellers from the stars,” corrected Rogan, who proceeded to show Taskinti the finer points of the map and how the arrow on the map pointed north.  “When we land, I will give you a device that always points to the North.
All you have to do is turn the arrow on the map in the same direction, and you will instantly know where you are and what lies ahead of you, whatever direction you choose to travel in.”
“This is most wondrous; I think we can do business.  When my feet again touch ground, I will intercede with Zakir and guarantee the tax for the flying birds, we are haggling around six of my finest horses.”
Ancore asked, “where have you come from Taskinti, where is your home?”
“I live many months travel to the East near the border with Chini peoples,” he replied.
“Show us, the way and we will fly you home to see your family for the day,” she told him.  Banking the Lander, losing altitude and turning toward the mountains, she increased speed; with Taskinti pointing the way through the mountain passes, they streaked toward his home.
Within two hours, they arrived at his farm on a remote hillside, corrals, and a barn stood at one side of the low wooden dwelling raised on stone blocks, horses roamed fenced pastures.  They landed silently behind the barn, and disembarked, with Taskinti leading the way around the barn to the house, suddenly he was ambushed, by two young boys leaping at him from behind the corner of the barn, shouting father, father.
He lovingly clasped them to him, as they wriggled to free themselves from his embrace, so they could see the strange people with their father.
“How old are they,” asked Ancore.
“My eldest boy Taleen is four his brother, Ashok is three, and this is my wife, Mylin, with my youngest son Hamar,” gesturing to a young woman who had appeared from the house carrying a baby on her hip.
“Tasee, Tasee, why are you back so soon?” she called to her husband.
“I bring star people to meet you,” he cried holding out his arms, as she rushed into them.  “This is her highness Ancore, and her mate lord Rogan.  They come from a star far, far away in the heavens.  We are conducting business, bring us food and drink, while we finish our business together,” he ordered his wife, as he slapped her on the bottom when she turned to do his bidding.
They sat on a stone bench outside the front door, as they took in the fine pastures and magnificent horses grazing on a lower meadow near a clear brook, in a short time, Mylin appeared to serve them unleavened bread and cheese and beakers of hot chai.
Rogan gave Taskinti a compass and explained how to use it with the map.  He also explained how iron deposits in the earth might give a false reading of north.  How it was rare but possible, and how to fix several distant objects and find them on the map and rotate it to line up the objects then the arrow on the map would always point north, and if the compass was in doubt it could be checked against it.  They let Taskinti practice picking out features he knew and then finding them on the map, he didn’t take long to pick up the principle, and by the time they were ready to leave, he was using the map and compass like old friends.
They bade good-bye to Mylin and the children, and boarded the Lander, leaving Taskinti and Mylin a few moments of privacy before he entered the Lander.  Rogan closed the hatch, and they strapped in and slowly lifted off circling the homestead before setting course for the pass through the mountains.  BLAH, BLEEE, BLAH, BLEEE, Rogan turned down the missile alarm, as Ancore threw the Lander into a series of wild gyrations trying to lose the missile rapidly gaining on them.  She suddenly turned and headed at high speed toward a sheer rock face, at the last second pulling up so suddenly they nearly blacked out as the Lander rocketed straight up.  The missile slammed into the rock face in a massive explosion that threw the Lander end over end before Ancore could regain control and pull it back into a dive for the valley floor as another missile locked on.
“ROGAN WHERE ARE THEY!” screamed Ancore trying every trick she knew to break the missile lock on the Lander.
Rogan was scanning and eventually located them in the sun.  “They’re in the sun, he called to Ancore twelve kilometres behind us.”
“Right,” she replied throwing the Lander into another series of violent manoeuvres, “they’ve picked the wrong race to mess with.  Man the cutting laser and when we get close enough in, let them have it.”
She pushed the Lander to its limits as they hung on the edge of blacking out in a screaming turn.  Then went vertically up like a rocket straight at the Zedd ship above them.  It suddenly realised the Lander was heading straight for it, closely followed by its own missile its pilot chickened out desperately climbing to get away from the Lander, now rapidly closing on it, but not quickly enough.
The Zedds aborted the missile before impact letting it explode harmlessly.  Rogan fired the cutting laser as the Lander shot passed the Zedd ship the beam lashed out catching the rim of the Zedd vessel.  It suddenly tumbled out of the sky whirling erratically until its pilot regained control and sent it diving for the ground closely followed by the Lander as Ancore tried to get within range.  It shot along a canyon, and disappeared around a bend as the Lander rounded the bend they realised, they had been suckered.  BLAH, BLEEE, another missile locked on them.  Ancore didn’t have time to think her training automatically took over, as she somehow evaded it and dodged behind a rock spur, growing from the canyon floor, the missile lost lock and went screaming off up the canyon, to explode harmlessly into a wall of rock, a kilometre away.
“I’m getting us out of this, look for a hiding place we’re no match for them,” Ancore spat at them both as she wrestled the Lander back out the canyon and screamed off in the opposite direction.
Taskinti suddenly pointed to a fork through the mountains, “There, there,” he cried, “left yes, up here, there is a large cave system around the corner of this blind canyon.”
Ancore eased the Lander around the corner almost one hundred and sixty degrees into the entrance of a large cave.  They gingerly edged further into the back of the cave, Ancore landed when they were completely hidden, and shut everything down while they remained in hiding.
“Where did they come from,” asked Ancore.
“I don’t know the answer to that,” replied Rogan.
“Are these other star people?” asked Taskinti.
“Yes one of their flying birds killed one of our flying birds far away across the heavens.  They have no mercy.  We are now at war with them.  We only know what they look like, not where they come from, or why they try to kill us,” answered Ancore.
“Enemies you cannot negotiate with must be killed swiftly, a man cannot live looking over his shoulder all his life,” pronounced Taskinti.
“We agree reluctantly, but we do not know where these murderous fiends live, if we did we could attack them, explained Rogan.
They waited in the cave for an hour, finally Taskinti and Rogan, left the cave on foot climbing the canyon wall, they surveyed the area but could see no sign of Zedds.  Suddenly, Taskinti clutched Rogan’s arm, with a terrible look of fear on his face.  He pointed to the far distance.  Rogan could just make out a thin plume of smoke.
“My family, my farm,” he cried anguish cracking his voice.
Rogan pulled him by the arm, “come on let’s get back to the Lander,” he cried.
They scrambled back down the canyon wall, into the cave and boarded the Lander.  Rogan quickly told Ancore what they had seen, as she swiftly took off, easing the Lander out of the cave, and heading for Taskinti’s farm.  When they arrived, the house and barn were almost burnt out.  What at first sight they took to be a pile of clothing, turned out to be bodies.
Ancore landed quickly as Taskinti rushed from the Lander, towards the bodies, they saw him stop, his shoulders slumped, and then his knees gave way, as he fell to a kneeling position next to his wife and children.
Just as Ancore and Rogan reached him, and knelt beside him, he cried in anguish, “who would murder a defenceless woman and her children.”
Nevertheless, he knew whom now, Zedds.  He raised his arms to the heavens and swore a terrible oath.  “I shall not rest unto the last breath of my body; Zedds are my sworn enemies from this day forth.  I will kill them without mercy wherever I find them, this, I swear on the bodies of my dead wife and children.”
At that moment, Taskinti’s neighbour rode up with his son, to see if the family needed help, and looked on in horror as they realised what had happened.  Taskinti thanked them for riding all this way to help, and arranged for the neighbour to look after the animals, while he was away with the caravan.  They set about building a funeral pyre because Taskinti believed the smoke would take the bodies to live with his gods.  When all was ready, he sacrificed one of his beloved stallions, to carry his wife and children in comfort in the afterlife, and then lit the pyre.  They all stood with tears streaming down their faces.  It was a terrible sight, to see the little bodies burning.
They left in the late afternoon, grim faced heading for Taxila.  Ancore tried to apologise to Taskinti saying that if they had not taken him home, this might never have happened, but he stopped her.
“You could not know what would happen, you did not murder my family, Zedds did.  I have sworn a terrible oath against them; you my friends are also at war with them, which make you doubly my friends”
“Thank you for those words Taskinti, we are so happy you consider us your friends,” said Ancore.
When they landed at Taxila, they took Taskinti with them to the bungalow and over a meal, they explained to the rest of the crew what had happened, Glaina and Fantee were in tears, Breen and Nassel were grim faced.
“We are up against fiends who have no honour, and show no mercy,” ranted Nassel.
Breen spoke up, “this just shows how badly we need the rail guns fitted and tested, the sooner the better.  I’m going to work through tonight fitting them, with the help of Adeeone and Adeetoo.”
“I’ll give you a hand Breen,” volunteered Nassel.
Taskinti took his leave of them all, “I will stand surety for your tax, with Zakir.  I must bid farewell my friends, as the caravan must depart in the morning.  If ever you have need of me send word, and I will come,” with that, he shook the men’s hands, and kissed the hands of the girls, before vanishing into the night.
Breen, Nassel and the androids left to fit the rail guns Ancore suggested the rest get a good night sleep in preparation for calibrating the rail guns in the morning.  Breen, Nassel and the androids had not only fitted the rail guns.  They had also set up the communication lasers, programming them for speech transmission.  By the time, the rest of the crew arrived and took over Breen and Nassel were ready for breakfast and bed.
Ancore and Rogan took Adeeone in Lander One.  Glaina and Fantee, with Adeetoo took Lander Two.  Three hundred metres, above the village they turned south, and accelerated toward the sea, far over the horizon.
In four hours, they were out over the ocean and had found a tiny uninhabited atoll with white sandy beach where they landed and had lunch before getting down to the serious matter of calibrating the rail guns for direction, range, trajectory, and windage.  They were fully integrated into the main viewer system, and could be radar computer controlled.  Finally, they were ready and set up several targets at each end of the atoll, then taking off they attacked the atoll from various altitudes, directions and speeds.  Eventually leaving the area when the atoll was obliterated satisfied that the rail guns were sighted in, and working faultlessly.
“I didn’t like having to annihilate that pretty little atoll,” Ancore signalled Lander Two.
“No we didn’t like it either, but the rail guns had to be aligned for our future protection,” called back Glaina.
They were passing over a very large island east of its large mountain, when Glaina signalled Lander One.
“I saw a Zedd ship parked down there, near those buildings we just passed over.”
Ancore replied, “Let’s circle back and attack, what do you think?”
Glaina and Fantee signalled back, “Yes blow them off the face of the planet, while we have the chance to catch the murderers unawares on the ground.  They armed the rail guns and swung around to attack, but they had been observed, someone quick thinking had taken the ship off very rapidly, and it was accelerating towards the mountain in the middle of the island.
BLAH, BLEEE, the Zedd had locked on and fired two missiles at them.  They both fired the rail guns simultaneously and took out both missiles.
Ancore called Lander Two, “Concentrate on taking out any missiles they fire at us, while I attack the ship.”
“Understood,” replied Glaina reducing the alarm volume.
Ancore fired at the ship, at the last moment it side slipped and the disc missed, BLAH, BLEEE.  More missiles came smoking towards them both.  Glaina took the first one out, but the second was getting too close for comfort when it was finally blasted from the sky.  Ancore fired a second time at the Zedd, this time hitting it on the outer rim as it swung to avoid the disc.  There was an almighty blast, and the vessel staggered, before wobbling slightly as it dived for the ground, trailing a plume of smoke.
BLAH, BLEEE, it was not finished yet still firing missiles at them.  Glaina again managed to knock them both out.
The Zedd was still transmitting what they took to be a message for help, which meant more than one Zedd ship, thought Ancore, as she again fired this time hitting the ship centrally on its upper works.  A gigantic blast blew both Landers end over end before the pilots managed to regain control.  All that was left of the Zedd ship was thousands of plumes of smoking debris splashing into the ocean far below.
Suddenly, they were receiving a Zedd transmission without being told they both peeled off in opposite directions at high speed, trying to get a fix on the radio signal.  After trying twice and not getting a reply, the radio went dead.
Ancore signalled Glaina and Fantee, “well done let’s get down to sea level and head for home.”
Glaina replied, “Great shooting that is one less, we have to worry about.
The rest of the flight back to Taxila was routine, as they stayed very low to avoid being scanned by the other, Zedd ship that they had worked out was somewhere over towards the western seaboard.
When they landed at Taxila, it was late afternoon, they piled out of the Landers whooping, and hugging one another, as they danced about in joy.
When they had calmed down a bit and locked up the Landers, they strolled back to the bungalow ready for the evening meal, as they were suddenly ravenously hungry.
Breen and Nassel were up when they entered the bungalow and recounted their adventures, over the evening meal.
“Wonderful news,” Breen enthused.  Nassel was more cautious, “this is going to make the other Zedd ship, or ships crews, redouble their efforts to find us before we find them.”
Fantee added, “If I were a Zedd I don’t think I’d hang about long around that island, after I had ascertained what had happened.”
The rest of the crew agreed it would be stupid of the Zedds to hang around where they had been found once, unless they were very well hidden.  Breen sounded a note of caution, “I think we should split up the Landers, if we are discovered; three Landers together make a very tempting target.  If we lost them we would be very vulnerable, not being able to move very far.”  After more discussion, they decided to fly west to visit the Emperor in the morning, and in future not to park all three Landers in the same place.


########



Chapter Six



Early the following morning Ancore visited Zakir at his office.  He greeted her warmly ushering her to a seat and offering chai, which she declined.
When comfortably seated, she asked.  “Has Taskinti stood surety for us?”
“Oh yes your highness, he has left six of his finest horses as surety.  You are free to travel where you wish.”
“Thank you Zakir, I am glad this matter is settled, to the satisfaction of all parties.  It is a great weight lifted from my shoulders.”
“There was never any doubt that you are very honourable star people, and the small matter of the tax would be resolved my lady,” complimented Zakir.
“Thank you Zakir if you would summon your best carpenter, I have something in my bag that will interest you.  If a small tax is levied for each one, the village tradesmen sell, and it is then used for the benefit of the village.  This will be the most prosperous settlement in the country.”
Zakir's eyes lit up as he summoned a servant to fetch the village carpenter, “May I see this wondrous gift to the village your highness,” he enquired.
“Certainly you may see it,” Ancore opened the bag and drew forth a working wooden model of a four-wheeled cart.  Breen had made it in his spare time, along with a detailed drawing of wheel making and plans for a four-wheeled wagon with steerable front axle.
Zakir picked up the model cart and spun the wheels with his finger, suddenly his face wreathed in smiles as the implications of the gift suddenly dawned on him, “This is a truly wondrous gift your highness, would it be pulled by horse or oxen?” he queried.
“It can be built to any size and can be pulled along by any suitable sized animal,” she replied.
The carpenter arrived at that moment, and after examining the model and the detailed drawings, pronounced he could build a cart.  When he learned that he would be building and selling the carts to carry large quantities of goods across the country and paying a small tax to the village on each cart sold, he was beside himself with joy.  Pouring thanks to Ancore and Zakir, he reverently carried the model cart and the drawings from the office with a huge grin covering his face from ear to ear.
Ancore rose “I must get back to my crew and supervise the departure; we leave for the Emperors palace this morning.”
“Do you know the way to Mohenjo-Daru?” enquired Zakir.
“Yes Taskinti told us to follow the river toward the sea, we will know it when we see it,” she replied.
“That's true.  I wish you all safe journey on behalf of myself and the village,” he replied bowing over her hand and kissing it, as she rose to leave. She walked briskly with a spring in her step; at last, they could leave for the Emperors palace without worry about taxes.
At the bungalow, everyone had finished breakfast, and packed ready for departure.  They walked to the landing field outside the village and embarked, lifting off and climbing to a height of two hundred metres, then heading down river in a loose Vee formation.  They passed many small villages along the banks; in the far distance on their left side was the start of a large desert.  On they travelled; at last, in the distance, they saw the town of Mohenjo-Daru, sprawling for a kilometre and a half alongside the river Indus.  It was completely surrounded by high walls, and built with the usual four gates.
The East West gate had the main road running through it, tree lined along its entire length.  To the North East lay the complex of buildings and compounds that were obviously the palace grounds, surrounded with lakes and gardens.  To the North West were the town houses, South East the granaries and food markets and market traders, and to the South West, the artisans.
They circled the town three times at low altitude first to announce their presence, second to look for a sheltered parking place for the Landers.
Nassel came over the laser link, “Ancore that looks a likely area, see the very large trees near the river just west of the town gate with an empty field.”
“You take the lead Nassel and guide us in,” replied Ancore.  The three Landers swooped down toward a grove of trees bordering the river, hovering just off the ground they gently inched under the spreading canopy of the trees, until they were hidden from the air.
Disembarking they locked the Landers, standing talking, “we must separate the Landers somehow they make far too tempting a target bunched together like this,” remarked Nassel worriedly.
They all nodded agreement.  Adeeone stepped forward; “Captain, Adeetoo and I could take the Landers one by one and hide them widely separated in the surrounding countryside, leaving only one Lander here for our use.”
“Thank you Adeeone, that's a wonderful idea leave the Lander without a rail gun here and hide the other two,” Ancore checked with the rest of the crew.  “Are there any objections?  No!  All right Adeeone, hide them well.”
Adeeone and Adeetoo entered Landers One and Two, and as the rest of the crew moved away giving them room to manoeuvre the Landers out from under the trees.  They took off disappearing northward.  Within ten minutes, they had returned, Adeetoo embarked on Lander Three and took off this time heading south, while they were away a file of twenty soldiers came trotting across the field led by a young officer, they surrounded the crew with spears half pointing at them.
“Who are you, what do you want here?” the officer asked them.
“We are flying people from a distant star.  We have come to bring great knowledge to his majesty Emperor Bharata,” answered Ancore.
“Come, I will escort you to my captain,” ordered the young officer.
Rogan stepped forward, “Young man, we are awaiting our companions who will return shortly.”
The soldiers stiffened.  The spears were now definitely pointing at the crew.  Things were starting to look menacing when Lander Three suddenly appeared and edged its way under the trees before setting down.
The soldiers had drawn back in fright at the sight of the Lander.  Before things could get ugly, Ancore stepped forward speaking softly but clearly.  “We mean you no harm.  We were merely awaiting the return of some of our crew, they have now arrived, and we are happy to accompany you to your commander.”  As Adeeone and Adeetoo joined them the young officer looking very relieved, ordered his men to form an escort party, looking at Ancore, he bowed slightly before saying, “please follow me flying people,” turning, he led them across the field, with his men warily watching the crew from a column on each side of them.
After crossing the field, they followed a path that took them to a gate through a high wall on the other side were troops in hand to hand combat, other's practicing archery, and across a large open space, troops were engaged in close order manoeuvres.  They were taken to the officer in charge who bid them follow him.
He led them to another gate in another wall and on toward a large four storey building made from fired brick with ornate wooden verandas.  Standing waiting for them was a tall man dressed in white tunic and trousers, with a red sash around his waist.  He had angular features, large nose with a generous moustache and twinkling brown eyes that shone with intelligence.  It was very hard to tell what age he was, but he looked about fifty.  The officer saluted and formally handed over the flying people to the first minister, who promptly dismissed the soldiers and with a small bow introduced himself.
“My name is Chakshu; I am the Emperor Bharata's first minister.  I welcome you to Mohenjo-Daru flying people, and may I enquire from where you come and your business with the Emperor.”
Ancore stepped forward and introduced everyone to Chakshu then continued, “We came to pay our respects to his majesty, and seek an audience with him, and we bring great knowledge from the stars that will interest him.”
Chakshu smiled, eyes twinkling.  “His majesty will be pleased to meet with you in due course, may I escort you to your quarters where you can freshen up and have a meal.  It might be several days before the Emperor can see you as he has a very busy schedule.  Your servants will show you around and tend to your needs,” he clapped his hands and from nowhere a servant appeared bowing low, “show these honoured guests to the blue rooms,” Chakshu ordered.  Turning to Ancore, he bowed again, “Please excuse me but I have urgent matters to attend to, I shall call to see you tomorrow afternoon, turning on his heel, he left walking briskly down a corridor, a servant trailing him.
Their servant bowed and gestured for them to follow him.  He led them through a maze of corridors then out onto a wide verandah, and across a park and through a grove of trees to a green lawn bordering a two storey wooden building with wide verandahs on both floors and a thatched roof.  Surrounding, and climbing the balustrades were red and pink roses, filling the air with a wondrously intoxicating perfume.  The servant explained the whole building was at their disposal, and was known as the blue rooms.
Inside the decor was predominantly a cool blue with hanging drapes depicting river and sea scenes around the main room, with doors leading off to various bedchambers.  A wide staircase lead-up to the main sitting room on the first floor, where they were served cold mint tea, while they sat around enjoying the refreshments other servants arrived with bowls of salad, chapatti, cooked lamb and rice. The crew tucked in discussing what they should offer the Emperor, they had already made emeralds and rubies in the replicator for the Emperor as a gift he could see and judge easily.  The understanding of Knowledge was not so simple.
Nassel and Fantee wanted to give the Emperor writing by introducing the pictograph command set; they were all so familiar with.
Breen and Glaina were concerned about the hygiene of these peoples, and had proposed bringing piped water to all the dwellings.  Then building community bathhouses, Breen was also keen to enlarge the canal system and irrigate the surrounding countryside.
Ancore and Rogan had decided to teach the Emperors army, Kalarippayat, the ferocious martial art developed on their home world Kala.  After the meal, they adjourned to various rooms, as couples to rest during the heat of the day.
Adeeone and Adeetoo left in the lounge connected themselves together by the one thousand and twenty four pin cable.  They were discussing options between them; did they have to take orders from the crew or the captain, now that they are stranded on this planet?  Adeetoo wanted to travel across the world learning all its languages, and helping its peoples by teaching them medicine.  Ship wanted to travel with him, if she could not travel across the stars, the world would do.  Adeeone had elected to stay with the crew and look after them; to this end, he had copied Adeetoo's medical knowledge to himself.  Now if Adeetoo did leave with Ship, the crew could receive medical aid from Adeeone.  Ancore entered the room and stopped dead when she saw the two robots connected together.
Adeeone turned toward her, “Good afternoon captain, Adeetoo, Ship and myself have just been discussing if we are still bound by the rules of the service, now that we are marooned on this planet.”  “That would depend on what you want to do Adeeone, there are Zedds on this planet, and we are at war with them, that changes a lot of decisions we might otherwise have made.”
Adeetoo spoke, “Myself and Ship would like to travel across this world learning all the languages and teaching medicine in return.”
“What if we have a medical emergency among the crew,” asked Ancore.
“Adeeone has downloaded all my medical knowledge and expertise,” answered Adeetoo, “he could perform any medical procedure that I could, also he wishes to remain with the crew to look after them.”
Ancore looked at Adeeone, “thank you for wishing to stay with us Adeeone,” she looked at Adeetoo, “how would you travel?  I take it, you want to take a Lander with you.”
“Yes captain a Lander would make travel easier,” agreed Adeetoo.
“It isn’t my sole decision to make,” she replied, “it will have to be a group decision as it affects all of us, also because we are at war, the Lander is an asset that could be decisive in any action against the enemy.”
“I understand, could I and ship have a decision from the crew soon captain.”
“Yes Adeetoo I think we should have a group meeting when everyone is up this afternoon, I will schedule it.”
“Thank you captain,” responded Adeetoo.
Later that afternoon they were grouped around a table, discussing the implications of allowing Adeetoo and Ship to depart with a Lander. 
Nassel spoke, “If we all decide to let Adeetoo and Ship take a Lander.  I believe it should be the unarmed Lander.  I don't want to find ourselves up against one of our own Landers armed with a rail gun.”
“I think Nassel has a valid point,” agreed Glaina.
“Let’s have a show of hands,” asked Ancore, “all those who agree to let Adeetoo and Ship go on their journey, please raise your hands,” seven hands were raised.  “Including Me, it's unanimous,” pronounced Ancore.
“May I say something captain,” asked Adeetoo.
“Certainly you may.”
“We would not require an armed Lander captain.  The unarmed Lander would be very satisfactory, and we would take great pains not to let it fall into enemy hands.”
“Thank you Adeetoo, that brings us to the next vote, all who agree Adeetoo and Ship can take a Lander, please raise your hands.  All present agree.  The unarmed Lander is at your disposal Adeetoo When were you thinking of leaving?”
“We thought tomorrow captain.”
Rogan broke in, “we need to get one hidden Lander back for our use here, also I think we should set up a radio call say once a week to keep in touch if we have an emergency situation.”
“That's a good idea about Adeetoo calling in once a week Rogan.  I'm in full agreement,” said Ancore.  The whole crew thought it a good idea and agreed that Adeetoo would call in once a week on the first day of the week at six in the evening.  Adeeone would take the call each week, and inform the rest of the crew the contents of the message.
After the meeting, they decided to explore their surroundings taking Hasit, one of the servants, they wandered the grounds visiting the lakes, dells and pools.  They learnt their way around and what the various buildings were.  They took in the barracks and the sumptuous three storey building that housed the Senapati (the head of armies) with all the out building's housing his entourage and stables.  They learned he was the same rank as the Emperors first minister.  The same rank, as the Crown Prince (or Rajahputra,) and the Queen Mother and Chief Queen.
Then on to the treasury, it is guarded night and day by handpicked professional warriors the (Kshatriya).  They wandered on encountering the high walled seraglio with its eunuch guards, the principal eunuch (or Kancukin) held the same rank as the royal treasurer, or the chief of the armoury.
Inside the high walls Hasit said, were pools of crystal water, alive with brilliantly coloured fish, waterfowl, and songbirds.  Male peacocks roamed freely in the grounds.  Their calls heard for a considerable distance.  The crew thought the sound to be very mournful.
The Emperors palace proper backed on to the seraglio it was an enormous brick built four-storey building surrounding courtyards, kitchens, slave quarters, servant’s quarters, and all the trappings acquired by an old Emperor.  They learnt Emperor Bharata was in his seventies, had mellowed with age and was regarded by all as a fair ruler.
It was later when they came across a group of nobles practicing archery that Hasit told them of the annual archery tournament.  Kings and nobles from across the entire continent come to compete in the tournament; it was the most prestigious event of the entire year.  It was due to be held in fifteen days, but this year the grand prize was the small southern Kingdom of Kodagu.  Whose King had died childless, the land reverting to the Emperor.
“I wonder whether we will be allowed to compete,” Rogan asked, “I fancy myself as King of my own state.”
“Have you ever tried archery before,” queried Breen, I used to be pretty good in my youth.”
“Yes it was all part of the school curriculum on my home world.  They were very hot on all types of outdoor hand and eye co-ordination pursuits,” replied Rogan.
“They look nothing like the bows I've seen on my home world.  Those stood almost as tall as a man,” remarked Nassel.
“Yes I trained on the long bow, with its metre long arrow, it was a deadly weapon out to a distance of a hundred metres,” replied Rogan.
“I also trained with a long bow, but my favourite was the cross bow virtually as accurate as a rifle at a hundred metres, and so powerful it could penetrate chain mail armour at that distance,” remarked Breen.
“These bows they are using here look very puny, I doubt if the best of them could fire an arrow anywhere near a hundred metres,” Rogan replied.
They watched, as the next man stood at the line ready to fire, he had a curved bow that looked to be made of horn.  The target was a straw dummy of a man twenty metres distant.  The man fired, the arrow flying true found its mark in the circle drawn on the dummy's chest, he swung around to his companions with a smile on his handsome face.  He then caught sight of the crew watching him. He walked a few paces towards them, gave a slight bow and introduced himself.
“I am Yudhishthira, eldest of the Pandava brothers,” he gestured to his companions.  “These are my brothers, Bhima,” the largest man stepped forward.  A flowing black mustachio framed a smiling mouth of strong white teeth.  His muscles rippled as he gave a small bow.  “This is Arjuna,” he was a tall man, slim but muscular build, with twinkling eyes and a luxuriant moustache.  He stepped forward with a showy bow, his hands touching his forehead.  “These are the twins and the youngest, Nakula and Sahadeva.”  They both gave a small nod to the crew.  They were young in their early teens guessed Rogan, not yet old enough to grow a proper moustache as both had only some fine straggly hair on their lips, they had short hair, and were on the stocky side, with sensuous dark eyes, both were smiling politely.
Rogan stepped forward, “We are travellers from the stars, stranded here when our flying ship was damaged, my name is Rogan this is my bond mate, and the captain of the flying ship, Ancore.”
All the brothers queued up to kiss her hand, “this is Glaina second in command, and her bond mate Breen.”
Glaina was giggling as Arjuna bent over her hand, “oh it tickles,” she cried.
“This beauty is Fantee, and her bond mate Nassel.”
Fantee also started giggling when Arjuna kissed her hand.  Rogan was convinced Arjuna was doing it on purpose just to hear the girls giggle.
“Last but not least are Adeeone and Adeetoo, they are both Androids,” said Rogan.
“My pardon Rogan, but these are strange-looking men,” commented Yudhishthira.
“They are not men of flesh and blood.  They are made of metal and plastics by the people of my race,” replied Rogan.
Adeeone spoke “We are sentient beings capable of independent thought, and action.”
Yudhishthira looked startled, and then held out his hand in greeting, “how do we tell you apart, you appear identical,” he asked.
Adeeone replied, “I favour blue clothes.  Adeetoo always wears green.”
“Are you competing in the tournament?”  Yudhishthira asked Rogan.
“We were just wondering if we were allowed to compete, being strangers in this land,” replied Rogan.
“We have never met star peoples before, so there will not be any rules against them competing, but the last word is the Emperors,” replied Yudhishthira tactfully.
“Have you fired a bow before,” asked Arjuna?
“Oh yes when younger,” answered Rogan.
“Would you like to try my bow,” asked Yudhishthira, “it's the mountain bow from Ghazna.  The finest bows are made there, from horn with rhinoceros hide bow strings the strongest of all, its aim is straight,” he said handing Rogan his bow, and an arrow.
Rogan notched the arrow, drawing the bow back.  He was surprised at how much effort was needed, and lining the arrow up with his eye, he took aim and fired feeling very satisfied as the arrow thunked into the circle on the dummy's chest.  Then Breen and Nassel had a go.  Breen's arrow also entered the circle on the chest of the dummy, but Nassel’s had just clipped the outside edge of the circle.
“Well done,” cried the Pandava brothers.
“We practice every day, so we expect to put our arrows into the circle,” confided Arjuna.
“These mountain bows are the best though,” said Yudhishthira, “the Kaman-i-hindouri bow is made of cane.  The arrows do not travel very far, but they inflict a very bad wound as the arrows are poisoned, and weakened behind the head.”
“That sounds very nasty,” remarked Ancore muscling in on the conversation, “can women compete in this tournament?”
“No Ancore, no woman has ever competed, nor would the Emperor allow a woman to compete, especially in this tournament, which is for the kingship of the state of Kodagu,” answered Yudhishthira.
“What a shame we girls might have given you men some stiff competition.”
Arjuna replied his eyes twinkling with laughter, as he offered her his bow.  “Here take my bow, you cannot compete in the tournament, but you can show us how good you are at archery.”
“Thank you,” replied Ancore notching the arrow, pulling the bow back and taking aim, arrow alongside her eye, “watch and wonder she said cockily,” as she released the arrow.  Thunk, the arrow embedded itself as close to the exact centre of the circle as an eye could measure.
Arjuna gave Ancore a showy bow, “we all bow to your superior talents Ancore, that was very fine shooting,” he said as all the men bowed to her, noticing Arjuna’s cue.
“Here is another arrow, can you match your first one, if you can get within a finger's breadth, I will give you this ruby ring,” Arjuna pulled the ring from his finger; it had a beautiful slumbering burn deep in the stone.
“I accept, what would you want if I fail,” asked Ancore.
“Only your friendship,” replied Arjuna gallantly.
“Agreed,” Ancore smiling, lifted the bow taking careful aim, she released the arrow, Thunk.  They all walked down to the target.
Arjuna looked amazed.  He offered Ancore the ring, “I have never seen such shooting, if you could compete you would surely walk off with the grand prize,” he said as he slipped the ring on the finger Ancore held out.
They looked again at the target; Ancore’s second arrow was so tight against her first arrow, there was not room to slip a feather between the two arrows.
Everyone was complimenting her when Yudhishthira asked, “Where did you learn to shoot with such accuracy?”
“My father taught me from when I was tall enough to hold a bow, he was a grand champion of Kala, and runner-up in the six world championships, on my home star system,” she replied.
“He taught you well, did your mother practice the bow also,” he asked.
“No my mother taught Kalarippayat, she was a master practitioner, and was one instigator of it being taught to all our armed forces,” she said with a small shrug.
“Kalarippayat what is that,” asked Yudhishthira.
“It is the ancient art of warfare, as perfected on my home planet,” answered Ancore.
The Pandava brothers looked suddenly very attentive to the conversation going on between Yudhishthira and Ancore.
“This all sound's extremely interesting Ancore, would you and your party care to visit with us for a meal tomorrow evening, where perhaps you could tell us more of this Kalarippayat,” inquired Yudhishthira.
“We would be delighted but we have one task to complete first, that is to get Adeetoo ready to depart in the morning,” she answered.
The crew bid farewell to the Pandava brothers, and made their way to the field where the Lander was hidden beneath the trees, there they waited while Adeeone and Adeetoo went off to fetch one of the armed Landers back from its hiding place. When the two Landers returned, they were hidden beneath the trees and locked, both androids were given the task of guarding the Landers.
“Do not let anyone get to the Landers, use whatever force is required,” instructed Ancore.  The crew walked back to the Blue rooms, talking about the Pandava brothers.
“They certainly showed a great deal of interest when you mentioned Kalarippayat was the art of warfare, Ancore,” remarked Nassel.
“Yes I thought when Yudhishthira asked us to dinner that they had an ulterior motive, far more than normal curiosity,” she replied.  As they reached the Blue rooms, they paired off to their bedrooms for the night.
The next morning after breakfast the crew walked to the Landers, after telling Adeetoo to look after himself and wishing him luck, they stood watching as he climbed aboard and took off.  He circled the field once, and then with a waggle of the Landers body he departed westward toward the sea.  They all stood watching until the Lander disappeared in the far distance.
“I can't explain it, but it's as if something important in my life has ended,” Fantee announced to the others, the tears sparkling in her eyes.
Glaina put her arm around her as they walked back to the blue rooms, “I feel the same way.  We have been like a family for so long now.  It's like bereavement almost.”
Ancore turned to Adeeone and asked, “how do you feel about Adeetoo going off like that, do you feel sad about it Adeeone?”
“How could I be, I have also gone with Adeetoo and Ship,” he replied.
“Explain what you mean,” asked Ancore.
Adeeone expounded, “I have loaded a copy of myself into Adeetoo, and my copy will accompany Adeetoo and Ship on our journeys.  Adeetoo has loaded a copy of himself, and Ship into me; this means that if one of us survives so will the other two.
We can all converse together all the time now; none of us are ever alone.”
Ancore’s jaw dropped open in amazement, the rest of the crew who had been listening to the conversation were looking equally astonished.
“Does this mean I can speak to Adeetoo or ship through you,” she asked.
The voice of Adeetoo answered, “Yes captain both Ship, and I can speak with you.”
Ship's voice came from Adeeone’s mouth speaker, “we can all speak with you, and the rest of the crew captain.  It is so wonderful here, as we mind meld together, we are never alone.”
Glaina and Fantee were both crying now and Ancore’s eyes looked damp as Glaina said, “That’s the most beautiful thing I've ever heard.  It means so much that we are still really all together.  Even if three of us have just left on an adventure into the unknown.”
Breen put his arm around Glaina, “Well said dear heart,” as he gave her a squeeze.  Nassel held Fantee around the waist, and Rogan walked arm in arm with Ancore as suddenly they all felt, that warm joyous feeling, knowing that somehow the team was still all together.
When they got back to the Blue rooms, Ancore and Rogan went off training.  The rest of the crew went upstairs to the sitting room.  They sat around drinking chai.  The day was very humid and overcast, suddenly; a flash lit the room followed instantly by a terrible bang and a long drawn out rumble that shook the whole building.
“That seemed right above our heads,” cried Nassel as they all rushed out onto the verandah wondering what was happening.  Just in time to be almost blinded, as another searing flash of lightning that seemed to split the air in front of them, the huge crack and rumble of the thunder deafening them with its awesome power.  They realised the wind was rising and the air was suddenly chilly, hail the size of hens eggs started battering the building and bouncing across the verandah into the room.  All that could be heard was a continuous roar of hail.
The crew retreating further inside, watching in awe as it piled up on the verandah, threatening to invade the room, suddenly the roof was leaking in a steady stream.  The thatched roof must have taken a beating thought Breen, as he moved a large copper bowl under the leak.  As quickly, as it had arrived the storm departed leaving the crew thankful that they had not been outside in it.  As the ice melted streams of water were pouring down off the building, when they looked out, they realised the ground outside was flooded to a depth of several centimetres.
“I hope Ancore and Rogan are all right.  They went out training just before this started,” Glaina said voicing the thoughts of them all.
Breen spoke, “They will be all right, probably come trotting through the doorway in a minute complaining about the weather on this planet.”
“Let’s hope they do,” said Fantee, “I'm glad that we were not out there when this hailstorm hit.”
“I think we ought to start looking for them, in case they are injured,” Nassel said to the others, “Adeeone bring the medicine bag and come with me.”
They all followed Nassel and Adeeone down the stairs.
Hasit appeared at the foot of the staircase, “Come quickly great sirs.  Your companions have been badly injured in the storm,” he cried as he led them through the trees.
On the edge of the park they lay, they had almost made it to the shelter of the trees, before being battered unconscious.  Adeeone checked their breathing and their pulse, and then checked all their limbs.
“They are unconscious but stable.  They do not have any broken limbs, or great breathing difficulty, but we need to get them into their room where they can be cleaned up,” he said picking Rogan up.
“I'll take Ancore,” volunteered Breen gently picking her up and following Adeeone back to Ancore and Rogan’s room, there they are gently laid on the beds while Adeeone ordered hot water brought, servants scurried off to carry out his orders.
Ancore and Rogan are stripped, and examined further by Adeeone, then cleaned up as the hot water arrived.  It was during this process that they both started to regain consciousness.  Fighting to get off the bed Rogan was suddenly awake; quickly calmed he asked for a drink, Adeeone prescribed hot chai with lots of cane syrup, and one for Ancore, who also awoke.  They looked in a very bad way covered in lumps from head to toe that had almost closed their eyes.
“You’re going to be stiff and sore for about a week, but this should help with the swelling,” pronounced Adeeone giving them an injection, each and applying a cream around their faces.
“Stay in bed and rest for the rest of the day, you should fall into a healing sleep soon.  I'm going to see if I can be of help anywhere else,” he said collecting his bag.
The rest of them also left the pair to rest and recover.  They all followed Adeeone to see what assistance, they could give to the injured.
By the time they returned, they had helped forty nobles, servants and soldiers who had been injured, on the main army field things were worse, fifty soldiers practising close order manoeuvres had been killed or badly injured, when a lightning bolt had struck in their midst.  They met the Pandava brothers also out helping the injured, Arjuna and Bhima had received a few bruises, but they had been almost at their dwelling when the storm started.
“Don't bother coming for a meal tonight, we will make it another evening when Ancore and Rogan are feeling up to it,” Arjuna told them.
It was late afternoon when they arrived back at the blue rooms feeling in need of a hearty meal, Ancore and Rogan were awake, and joined them for the meal.  The pair of them looked a mess, covered in lumps that were turning purple, blue and green.  Their eyes were mere slits in the puffiness they laughingly called faces.  It took ten days for Rogan and Ancore to recover enough to resume their regime of fitness training.
Chakshu arrived on day eleven, bowing in greeting, he inquired if Ancore and Rogan were up to meeting the Emperor that afternoon, they agreed they were, Chakshu said he would return for them after the midday rest period, and left with his retinue of servants who scurried to keep up with him.
True to his word, Chakshu appeared at the end of the midday rest period to escort them to an audience with the Emperor.  They are shown into a large room on the second floor, hung with exquisitely crafted, richly coloured wall hangings, depicting various victories and scenes from the Emperors long reign.  At the far end on a golden throne with carved tigers holding up the arms and a red canopy above it, that trailed at the rear behind the throne.  A wizened old man sat in a long brocaded red and black coat trimmed with gold, which covered him to well below the knee.  White trousers showed below the long coat ending in small feet encased in richly decorated golden slippers strewn in an intricate pattern with fine pearls.  Before him, they lined up and bowed to the Emperor, Chakshu gave a signal and chairs were placed for them to sit on, smiling the Emperor gestured for them to be seated.
When they were comfortable, Rogan the elected spokesperson stood to address the Emperor.
“Your majesty we thank you for granting us an audience.  We are travellers from the stars, our ship that carried us among stars was severely damaged, and we had to land on this planet.  We landed at a village called Taxila and your village representative Zakir made us welcome and informed us that we were in your majesty's lands.  We commend him to you, and have come to pay our respects to your highness.  We bring gifts of jewels and greater gifts of great knowledge to your majesty,” he said bringing forth an inlaid wooden chest, which he proceeded to open and show the Emperor.
The Emperor gestured to Chakshu, who stepped forward took the chest and brought it to the Emperor, who reached out a hand and took out a large ruby and held it up to his eye before the light.  Smiling he waved away the treasure.
“Welcome star people your gift is most acceptable, I hear several members of your party were injured in the storm.  You appear to be one of them,” he smiled at Rogan.
“Yes your highness my bond mate Ancore, captain of our star ship was the other person injured,” Rogan, explained.
The emperor addressed Ancore, “are you feeling fit enough Ancore would you like some refreshment?”  Ancore replied, “Thank you your majesty, I am quite fit, but I would like a chai.”
“Chakshu bring my guests and me chai,” he ordered.
Chakshu clapped his hands and passed the order on to the servant who appeared from behind the throne.
“May I introduce the other members of our party, your majesty,” asked Rogan.
Emperor Bharata smiled gesturing at him to continue.
Rogan made the introductions.  Each crewmember standing and bowing to the Emperor as they are introduced.
“I trust your accommodation is comfortable,” the Emperor enquired.
They assured him everything was very comfortable, just then, the chai arrived and was served, when they sat drinking the chai, the Emperor asked Rogan if he intended to enter the archery tournament.
“With your majesty's permission I and Breen would like to enter,” he replied.
“Certainly you may enter, but you will be up against the finest archers in the country and beyond, how do you rate your marksmanship,” the emperor asked.
“We will hit the target that is all we can foretell, if it was Ancore in the contest, I think it would be close, but she would win your highness,” Rogan replied with total confidence.
“That I would dearly love to see,” said the emperor with a twinkle in his eye, “but it cannot be.  No woman has ever competed in the great tournament, and in particular, this tournament, which is for the Kingship of the southern Kingdom of Kodagu.”
“We have more gifts for your majesty, the gifts of great knowledge from our world, the first of these are writing.”
Bharata looked puzzled, “writing what is this writing,” he asked.
Nassel stood to answer, “Writing is a way of recording something so that it is not forgotten, like words you spoke to a foreign emissary last year, or how much grain you harvested last year.”
King Bharata smiled as if talking to a child he said.  “I have people to remember these things for me, what need have I of writing.”
Nassel thought for a moment before he replied, “can they remember what you said in a thousand years’ time when they are long dead.  Writing can your highness, it can be chiselled into living rock so that your great, great grandchildren can read the words you speak this very day your highness.”
“Hmm that is indeed great knowledge worthy of an Emperor,” he agreed.
As Nassel sat, Breen stood and addressed the Emperor, “I bring knowledge of irrigation to enable you to grow more bountiful crops, and methods to bring fresh water to your dwellings, for bathing, drinking and cooking your majesty.”
Bharata was smiling and nodding water was something he understood, “yes new ways of watering our crops, which is useful and important knowledge,” he agreed.
Rogan stood, “the last gift is knowledge of warfare as practised on our home world your majesty.”
His majesty was cackling in glee at the mention of new methods of warfare.  This was something he was definitely interested in knowing about.  “This sounds like a most worthy gift, now I shall make you my gift you shall be fed and housed while you teach my scholars, engineers and generals your arts, you will all immediately become teachers with the rank of royal advisors.  This carries the same rewards as princes or commander of an army, your own servants, slaves, and quarters.  Chakshu will tell you all the details, now I must retire,” he waved a hand and Chakshu stepped forward ushering them out of the audience chamber.
Chakshu handed them over to a servant saying, “I shall come to see you tomorrow, and introduce you to the right people, that you may carry out your duties as royal advisors,” then turned back into the throne room.
Hasit was overjoyed and spread the word to all the servants and slaves that they now served the Emperors royal advisors, who held the same rank as a prince or commander of an army.
The following day Chakshu introduced them to various teachers, engineers and the commander of all the armies, who allocated Rogan and Ancore twenty officers for them to teach.  Each of the twenty would teach ten other officers and so on until the whole army had been trained in the new methods of combat.
Ancore thought he was a very astute man, well worthy of his rank.  He had picked up immediately on the principle of wheeled carts.  Breen had been asked to show the royal carpenters how to make them.
Adeeone was pressed into service he was to teach the royal armourers how to produce iron with new smelting techniques.  Then to show them how to produce the Urimi, the long flexible sword that could be worn wrapped around the waist, and the three bladed knife weapons that Ancore wanted.
The teaching of the pictograph command set progressed rapidly.  Nassel and Fantee had forty scholars assigned them and found them very quick learners with excellent memories.  They commissioned Adeeone to make them small folding hand knives with pointed stylus, for writing the pictograph script on palm leaves.  These are prepared by boiling, and finally rubbing smooth to produce the correct surface, as they were the most plentiful raw material.  They also commissioned the carpenters to make split nibbed pens, and birch bark-writing boards.  Then they instructed their pupils in the art of making black ink, using gum, lampblack and cows urine.
Breen and Glaina were also busy.  They had made an aerial survey map of the area and had fifty eager engineers under the directions of the Emperors master architect to train.  Using clay and wooden models to get across the principles involved, and explaining the reasoning behind the oxen driven bucket wheels, viaducts to transport raised water to various parts of the town and the idea of water drainage from houses in stone covered channels that could easily be reached for regular cleaning.  The other project was enlarging the canals to enable shipping to sail and row up to a port area on the edge of the town, for efficient trading in raw materials and export of luxury goods.  The architects were enthused and took to the works like ducks to water.
As they sat down to a meal that evening, they all agreed, they had made a good start but there was a long way to go yet.


########



Chapter Seven



It was two days to the grand tournament.  They spent every morning teaching, but the afternoons were free.  Rogan, Ancore, Breen and Glaina met the Pandava brothers every afternoon for archery practice, and a teaching session of Kalarippayat.  The brothers were very enthusiastic about it and wanted to learn everything at once, but Ancore persuaded them to be patient, first they had to learn the limbering up exercises, which are so important for good health and suppleness.  Each afternoon, after they had warmed up Ancore taught them one of the one hundred and seven vital spots on the body, where a correctly aimed blow could kill.  In addition, one defensive move and one attacking move, as they were already trained warriors, she found that they were learning at an incredible rate, it was only later she found out, they were spending all the following morning practicing the moves they had learnt the previous afternoon.
Breen and Rogan spent every afternoon at archery practise.  They had both purchased a Ghazna horn bow with two rhinoceros hide bowstrings and one hundred arrows each from a local trader recommended by Arjuna.  The arrows they had fined down and reworked so they were perfectly balanced, and they had re-flighted them with triple flights set at a slight angle, which caused them to spin in flight.  The pair of them was getting deadly accurate with their new weapons.
It was after they had finished practising for the day and stood around talking before going for an evening meal that they saw it.  A jet-black circular craft flying low above the town, about twenty metres across it disappeared to the West, obviously looking as they had, for a landing site just outside town.  They looked at each other and cried almost in one voice, “Zedds,”
Arjuna asked, “Do you know these flying people?”
“We know them.  We are at war with them.  They are our sworn enemy,” answered Rogan.
“There can be no hostilities here Rogan, whatever you do, do not pursue your war here.  There is a truce for all who come to compete in the great tournament, and if you pursue your war with these people on the Emperors lands, you will be put to death by impalement,” spoke Arjuna gripping Rogan by the shoulders, “I tell you this as a friend.”  Soon, they heard trumpets sounding from the West.
Hasit ran off to find out for whom the trumpets had sounded.  He returned a short while later bubbling with news,
“Muktananda the king of Lanka has arrived in his flying bird, with him is Ravana his first minister, and commander of the royal bodyguard, second in command is Indrajit with fifty warriors, they are veritable giants of men sahib.”
“Thank you Hasit it is good to learn of these events with such speed,” praised Rogan.
Hasit beamed and swelled visibly with pride.
“We had better inform the others of this new turn of events and stop them doing anything foolish if they should come across any Zedds, Rogan spoke aloud the fears of them all.  When they arrived back in the Blue Rooms, they told Fantee, Nassel and Adeeone what had happened.
“They landed to the West of the town, I suggest we have a meal and walk out that way this evening and check our Lander,” proposed Ancore.
“Now that the Zedds are here.  I think we should fly the Lander here, and park it outside the Blue Rooms, there we can keep an eye on it,” suggested Nassel.
Everyone agreed, after a quick meal they all strolled down to the West gate and along the river to where the Lander had been hidden.
“Look at this lock,” cried Ancore.  “Someone has tried to enter the Lander.”
They all crowded around the entrance hatch and found the lock fused.
“Looks like a laser weapon did this,” pronounced Breen bitterly.
Ancore asked Adeeone, “Can you open the lock in some way?”
Adeeone examined the lock, “I cannot repair the lock captain, the only way we can gain entry is to cut the lock out and replace it with a new lock.”
“Stand back everybody, Adeeone is going to cut the fused lock out,” announced Ancore.  Adeeone pulled a hand laser from the wide sleeve of his tunic taking careful aim he fired, the thin blue light shone on the door, and it started heating up.  It took an hour to cut out the old lock and get the hatch open.
“We can all crowd in for the short flight back to the Blue Rooms.  Adeeone fly us to our dwelling,” commanded Ancore.
On the way back they spotted the Zedd ship with six Zedd guards around it, very close to where the Lander had been parked.
“Well it is obvious who sabotaged our hatch lock, what does surprise me is how quick they were to find it, and try to gain entry.  I assume they could not get the hatch open and thought right.  We will fuse the lock and let them try to get in,” said Nassel as Adeeone brought the Lander down outside the main entrance to the Blue Rooms.  They welded another lock into place and left Adeeone on guard for the night.
The following day after the morning meal and chai, they checked with Adeeone but the rest of the night had been uneventful, so he was left on guard for the rest of the day while the crew went off to their teaching jobs, then Ancore, Rogan, Glaina and Breen went to archery training, and resumed teaching the Pandava Kalarippayat.  Ancore told the Pandava brothers what had happened last evening.
“Sabotage and spying these are unfortunate but it is a way of life in these lands and is almost impossible to stop.  What must not happen is for war to break out between you and any killing.  Be very careful the Emperor has spies everywhere, there are probably as many spies as there are servants,” counselled Yudhishthira.
“Thank you for your advice, we do not intend killing any of them, unless they break the truce and attempt to kill us, replied Ancore.
The morning of the great tournament had arrived, the orange ball of the sun breaking through the misty purple morning.  After chai and the morning meal, trumpets started calling everyone to the tourney field where large tents had been set up with seating inside for the Kings and nobles taking part in the tournament.
One very large tent had been set up for the Emperor and his entourage in the best place to observe safely the targets.  There were fifty targets across the field hanging on poles driven into the ground.  Each target was the size of a small shield, in the centre of each shield was a circle a hand span wide, and this was the area to hit to remain in the contest.  As there were so many contestants, over two thousand, they had to be whittled down rapidly.  Fifty judges appointed by the Emperor were on duty, one at each target, the Emperors first minister Chakshu would arbitrate any disputes his word was final.  All the contestants were housed in two tents on one side of the field.  On the other side was another two tents one very large one much smaller where the losers and winners went after they had fired one arrow at the target.
All those inside the circles were given a small red ribbon, and directed to the smaller tent.  All the crew was there but only Rogan and Breen are allowed into the competitor’s tent.  There they met with the Pandava brothers, sitting with them watching the contest until they were called to compete.
It took most of the day before the Pandava were called, they had been eyeing up the opposition, and had sounded reasonably confident.  They were not very pleased to see their cousins the Kaurava there competing, when Rogan asked why, Arjuna told him it was because of a feud and would not say anymore.  Bhima, Arjuna, Yudhishthira, and Sahadeva made it through to the next round, Nakula had missed by a finger's breadth, and was out of the contest.  Rogan and Breen both made it through the first round.
Then the King of Lanka Muktananda, who although he appeared fat at first sight was actually heavily muscled, with the Zedds Ravana and Indrajit, all got through the first round.  By the end of that day, they had all fired twice and the number that had won through to the next round had been whittled down to a manageable four hundred.  The Pandava, Rogan and Breen were through to the next rounds that would take place the following day.
That night they attended a large feast put on by the Emperor for all the contestants their families and friends.  Lavish entertainment, they had jugglers, singers and dancers, acrobats from Chini, and a wrestling contest, there was much betting on the outcome of the contest.  The winner clothed in leather shorts with oiled body glistening in the torch light offered to take on anyone in the audience for a purse of silver, after some persuading Bhima entered the arena, to the cheers of the crowd and had his body oiled ready for the contest.  The rules are strictly enforced by a referee.  The contest went on for at least twenty minutes before the professional managed to dump Bhima on his back and hold him there for a count of twenty.
After a drink, the champion called for any other takers, the huge figure of Ravana rose and a hush fell over the crowd.  He stood seven feet tall, hugely muscled he wore a white linen shirt that came down to his waist over loose trousers and calfskin boots, his clean-shaven face with powerful jaw.  Long black hair pulled back from his face and held in a twisted leather thong made him look remarkably handsome.  It was the eyes that held the attention.  They appeared to have no iris and were lifeless black.  It was like looking into the eye of a shark, very frightening indeed.
Rogan noticed the prizefighter visibly quiver when Ravana stood up.  The contest lasted all of ten minutes, most of that time the professional had been dancing around Ravana trying to keep out of his reach, when they did make contact and grasp each other Ravana picked him off the ground and threw him on his back knocking the wind and the fight from him.  After claiming the purse, he faced Rogan and Breen, looking them in the eye he crowed, “I am Ravana of the Danava, who among you have the courage to fight.”
Breen was furious and stood up immediately shouting, “I will,” looking the giant straight in his cold emotionless eyes.
“Be careful Breen you should not have volunteered, we cannot afford to get involved in open hostilities,” Rogan admonished.
“He challenged me the murderous swine,” Breen snapped back at Rogan.
Rogan shrugged.
Glaina was holding his arm trying to pull him back down, “Why do you have to fight him, she wailed.”
“Someone has to stand up to the murderous swine,” mouthed Breen pulling himself free and plunging wildly out to the arena.
Ravana looked on with a half-smile on his face that never reached his eyes, “who challenges me?”  He asked in a deep rumbling voice. 
“I Breen of the Coorgis system challenge you,”
“Advance to your defeat Breen of Coorgis,” mocked Ravana, with a chuckle that sent shivers down the spines of grown men.
Ancore was comforting Glaina, “there are rules to this contest.  Breen can handle himself, he'll be all right,” she tried to allay Glaina’s fears, but even to herself, she did not sound very convincing.
Breen had stripped to his shorts, and his body stood out whitely in the torchlight as it was greased in preparation for the contest.  Although Breen was only five feet ten tall, he was almost as wide with huge muscular hands, and though Ravana dwarfed him, he looked capable if anyone did, of giving Ravana a match.
Ravana flexed his muscles, in the torchlight his brown skin took on a ruddy hue; it looked like red serpents writhing over his body.
Breen, although trained in Kalarippayat like all the crew, he was not a master of it like Ancore and Rogan, but it did give him confidence, as he stood lightly on the balls of his feet watching his opponent intently.  They circled each other looking for an opening; it was all a matter of getting a grip on your opponent and dumping him on the floor, then keeping him there for a count of twenty to win the contest.
Ravana suddenly reached out with lightning speed to grasp Breen, but Breen was quicker and slithered from his grasp.  So it went on each trying for a hold, suddenly Ravana stepped forward to grip Breen in a bear hug, but Breen spun putting out his leg and catching Ravana behind the shoulder, he used Ravana's bulk against him, helping him on his way with a hard push. The thud as Ravana hit the floor made the ground tremble, as Breen danced away.  Ravana rose from the floor his face writhing in hatred.  Hands held like talons before him, fingers jerking spasmodically.  He rushed at Breen hands reaching convulsively for the throat as his hands encircled Breen's throat, Breen lifted both his feet into Ravana’s stomach falling backwards and gripping the hands around his throat by the wrists.  Ravana’s momentum carried him over the top of Breen just as Breen’s legs hoisted Ravana’s body upwards and onwards, the force Broke Ravana’s hold on Breen as he somersaulted over the top of him, then landed with a massive thump that knocked all the wind from his body.
Breen was on him instantly, seeking to hold him down and win the contest.  Ravana although winded, recovered very quickly indeed, Breen found himself gripped by the back of the neck as Ravana sat up.  Breen still trying to hold him down found himself gripped by the seat of his pants and hoisted skyward.
Ravana rose, knelt on one knee it was obvious what he was about to do, drop Breen onto his knee, and snap his spine.
The referee and the crowd realised it about the same time, but Rogan was quicker, before anyone could move, he had erupted into the arena and with a hand strike that was too fast to follow hit Ravana in the neck.
The Zedd crashed sideways leaving Breen sprawled on top of him, trying desperately to stand on wobbly legs; the referee called it a no contest.  Indrajit was immediately at Ravana’s side helping him to sit up.
“This is not over you will pay for this,” Ravana hissed at Breen and Rogan as they left the arena.
With the rest of the crew and the Pandava brothers, they left the festivities and returned to the Blue Rooms where they ordered chai, then sat around discussing the nights events.  Yudhishthira spoke, “You have an implacable enemy in Ravana, my friends, and I think you need all the spies you can recruit to keep an eye on this Ravana and his henchmen.”  Ancore and the rest of the crew were nodding agreement.  “I have my own spies.  I will ask them to pass on any information about Ravana or his henchmen, to you,” continued Yudhishthira.
“Thank you Yudhishthira, I think you're correct we need all the help we can get,” Ancore responded for them all.
Rogan spoke, “I know you don't want to talk about it, but what is this feud the Pandava have with their cousins the Kaurava, if we knew maybe we could help in some way.”
Arjuna spoke, “It is a long story of rivalry and bitter injustice.
They have robbed us of our inheritance, and although we are related and of the same blood, we cannot forgive them, for the Kingdom, they have cheated us out of.”
The Pandavas then related some of the grievances they held against the Kaurava.  Cheated from their Kingdom in a crooked dice wager, Yudhishthira had lost not only the Kingdom but also the brothers' wife Draupadi.  She was married by mistake to all five of the brothers instead of just Yudhishthira, and although she had been returned, she had been terribly insulted by the Kaurava while in their hands.  Duryodhana the leader of the Kaurava had hauled her into a room full of his cronies by her hair, naked while in her monthly flood, so that they could, all jeer at her and call her harlot for marrying five brothers at the same time.  The memory of it had scarred Draupadi from that day onward.
Although the Kaurava had returned Draupadi, and their father, the blind King Dhritarashtra had tried to make recompense by giving the Pandava half the Kingdom, it was the most inhospitable half, and it was not enough.
Therefore, the Kaurava ruled Hastinapura, and the Pandava ruled Indraprastha, both sides were spying on each, other and recruiting allies for the war that they both knew must eventually come.
The crew had been riveted, as the story had unfolded; when the girls heard the story of Draupadi, they had been incensed.
Ancore spoke for them all when she said to the Pandava, “If we can help you, we will.  You only need call on us.”
The Pandava thanked them for their offer of help and took their leave, so they could get a good night’s sleep ready for the tournament the following morning.
The following morning at the tournament, each competitor had to fire three arrows at the target.  Each arrow had to be in the inner circle.  By the end of the day, the competitors left in had been reduced to fifty-five, Breen was out but Rogan was through to the next round, of the Pandava only Arjuna and Sahadeva had made it through.  The Zedds Ravana and Indrajit were through, also the ruler of Lanka, King Muktananda.  They did not attend the feast that night preferring to stay in their rooms and get an early night.
The next morning after breakfast, they made their way to the tournament when the trumpet sounded calling all contestants to the field.  By the end of that day, only five contestants remained to battle it out the following day.  Arjuna, Rogan, Duryodhana, Ravana and Chandrak a flat faced stocky man from the mountain plateau of Tibet.
The day of the final dawned, with a mist being rapidly burnt off by the rising sun as it warmed the land.  The finalists bowed to the Emperor, before lining up to shoot at the single target, placed twenty-five metres distant, but this time the circle they had to put an arrow in was only the size of a clenched fist.  They drew lots to determine the order in which they would compete.  Rogan was fourth to shoot, first was Duryodhana, and then Arjuna followed by Chandrak, Rogan and finally Ravana.  They each fired one arrow in turn until someone missed and was eliminated, when only two remained the arrow closest to the centre of the circle would be declared the winner.  The arrows hitting the centre of the target began to get monotonous after a while as each competitor hit the centre of the target with unfailing accuracy time after time.  The judge called a halt after they had all fired twenty-five arrows each without missing.  The target was moved back a further ten paces, and the contest resumed.
This time Duryodhana failed as his arrow nicked the outside edge of the circle, a groan went up from the rest of the Kaurava and their cronies.  All hit the target until Ravana fired and missed, he stalked from the field with a face as black as thunder, to words of sympathy from his second in command Indrajit, and a lot of backslapping from his minions.
The target was again moved back another ten paces and the remaining three contestants lined up Arjuna first; he just made it into the circle, then Chandrak who scored cleanly and then Rogan who just made it.  Again, they fired and Chandrak's arrow hit the cord marking the circle and bounced out, Arjuna and Rogan sympathised with him, as he was a fine archer, they shook his hand before he left the field.
Now it was between the two of them they shook each other’s hands and wished one another good fortune, before lining up to shoot.
Arjuna's arrow thunked into the centre of the target, with a grin Arjuna turned to Rogan, “Take your best shot that arrow will take some beating.”
Rogan thought privately that he was probably right, but what he said in reply was, “Watch and weep, my friend,” as he pulled the arrow back and took aim.  He held the arrow judging the wind and correcting angles, then released it, as it thunked home, he was satisfied he had tried his best.  A large “OOH,” went up from the crowd; both arrows appeared to be in the centre of the target.  As Arjuna, Rogan and the judge walked down the field for a close look at the target, they realised that it was very close, both arrows were side by side, but when they got up to the target and looked very closely they could see one arrow was a hair breadth closer to the centre.  The judge turned to them both, and raised Rogan's arm in triumph.
Arjuna's congratulations drowned in the huge roar from the crowd as the judge escorted Rogan to the Emperors tent.  The Emperor sat on his throne as Rogan and the referee approached, and they were escorted into the Emperors presence by twelve armed nobles who stood arrayed on each side as the Emperor gestured for Rogan to come forward and kneel before him as he stood and held a plain band of gold above his head.
“Do you Rogan of Coorgis swear allegiance to myself and promise men at arms and supplies to wage war if called on to do so.”
“I do so swear your highness,” pledged Rogan.
“Then with this crown I make you King of Kodagu, may you reign long and loyally,” said the Emperor placing the crown on Rogan’s head and putting his hand out for Rogan to kiss.  A huge cheer went up from the crowd as Rogan turned and waved to them all, Ancore and the rest of the crew were let through the crowds, and rushed to congratulate him.
Chakshu the Emperors prime minister came forward and presented Rogan with his new battle flag, a dark-blue  ground on which was a red elephant, above the elephant in a half circle were six golden stars.
“There is a big feast tonight in your honour,” Chakshu told Rogan, “You are expected to attend.”  “Thank you Chakshu, we will be there,” promised Rogan.
An elephant arrived draped in red cloth and carrying a howdah on its back, “Here is your transport, a gift from the Emperor,” Chakshu informed him.
“Please inform the Emperor that we are overwhelmed by his generosity,” Rogan asked Chakshu, as he and the crew ascended the ladder into the kneeling elephant’s howdah.
A servant walked in front of the elephant, proudly carrying the battle flag ahead of the procession as it slowly made its way back to the blue rooms.  After alighting Nassel had a quick word with the mahout, who assured him, the elephant will be quartered as befitting a royal elephant in stabling nearby.  The mahout’s name was Tungar, and his charge the great bull elephant called Himadri, after the great Himalayas mountain range.
They all disembarked into the Blue Rooms.  Rogan could hardly believe his success in winning the kingship of Kodagu.  Waiting to congratulate him were the Pandava brothers, as excited as the rest of the crew.  After things had calmed down somewhat, and they were all sitting comfortably with chai and trays of fruits and confections, the conversation turned to Rogan’s new Kingdom.
“Let me spell something out to you all,” announced Rogan.  “This is not my Kingdom.  It is our Kingdom, when I say ours, I mean the whole ship's crew.  We share the Kingdom equally.”
“That is very generous of you.  It will not be forgotten,” promised Breen speaking for them all.
“Does this mean, I am Queen Fantee now,” she asked her eyes twinkling.
“You were always a queen in my eyes,” replied Nassel gallantly.
“Of course it does we are all Kings and Queens now,” enthused Ancore.
“Speaking about the whole crew sharing the Kingdom, what about Adeeone and Adeetoo,” queried Glaina.
“Goodness he's still guarding the Lander, can't we get some servants to relieve him,” asked Fantee.
Rogan went to fetch Adeeone, and set some of the servants to guarding the Lander.
When he returned with Adeeone in tow, Breen asked Adeeone, “What does it feel like to be a King.”
“I do not feel as you do, I am incapable of feeling,” answered Adeeone seriously.
“That's the Adeeone we all know and love,” cried Nassel.
Yudhishthira spoke to Rogan, “You are a great and worthy winner of the tournament, if Arjuna had won, he would not have made his brothers co-kings, and neither would I nor the rest of my brothers.”
“You have different customs from us, but I am sure if any of you had won, brotherhood would make you share the fruits of the Kingdom."
“Yes that is true,' Yudhishthira replied.
Rogan asked the Pandava, “Do you know anything about Kodagu, where is it?  We don't even know where our Kingdom is.”
“Yes we know,” Arjuna, answered, “It is in the far South situated on the Western Ghats.  To the North is the mountain Pushpagiri, in the South is Irpu falls.  The capital is Mercara a beautiful little capital, although it is not a large Kingdom, it is very rugged and wonderfully forested teeming with elephant and tiger, and the climate is refreshingly cool.  It also benefits from the salt trade passing through the Kingdom to the Mysore Plateau, in the East and on to the Deccan Plateau.  They harvest pepper vines, and the cardamom trees.  They finally have a few rice paddies.  Between June and September are the monsoons, when the trails get very muddy and there are many leeches.”
“It sounds wonderful,” Ancore enthused.
“When can we go to live in our new Kingdom," asked Fantee?
“We have to finish training the Emperors people before we can leave,” replied Ancore, “but I am sure the Emperor would grant us three months absence to establish ourselves in our new Kingdom," she added.
“We had better think about getting bathed, ready for the festivities this evening,” announced Breen to the room in general.
The Pandava left to ready themselves, and the crew broke up, going about their ablutions and dressing ready for the grand feast in Rogan’s honour.
The feast is held on the tournament field in the open air of the evening, surrounded by blazing torches a huge platform had been erected and was lavishly decorated.  Large poles had been erected on each corner at the top of each pole a peacock was chained calling and showing their magnificent tails.
The Emperors throne sat in splendour in the centre of a large table, set with golden platters and goblets, decorated with sweet-smelling roses, and heaped platters of fruit of all descriptions.
Amphora of wine stood open with servants at the ready with serving ladles.  Tables and benches were laid out for lesser nobles, competitors and towns folk stretching away in an ever-widening crescent from the central platform.
Outside the tables and benches, pits had been dug, and roasting on them were suckling pigs, chickens, goats, snakes, monkeys, fish, vegetables, rice, confections of every sort, on tables were dishes of chutney, grated dried coconut, peppers, and small dishes of salt.
Rogan and the crew was ushered into pride of place on the Emperors right, beyond them were the runners up the Pandava, and then Chandrak and his family.  On the other side of the Emperor sat the prime minister then the queen mother and the chief queen beyond them the Kaurava and King Muktananda, with Ravana and Indrajit in close attendance.  Then the Senapati, the head of all the armies and his family, beyond them sat the treasurer and family, then the guardian of the royal seraglio and beyond him, the chief of the royal armoury.  At the foot of the platform were the musicians and singers, also the dancers; all around were wandering jugglers and acrobats entertaining the huge crowd.
During the festivities, Rogan had managed to secure the Emperors permission for himself and the crew to take three months off from their teaching, to attend to his new Kingdom.  Rogan also noticed that the Kaurava and Ravana seemed to be engaged in deep conversation.
Towards the end of the evening’s festivities, Fantee and Nassel entertained the assembly.  Her voice soared from the depths to the heights in a popular Coorgis love song, which she had translated from her own language for the benefit of the audience.  They were spellbound with the beautiful voice that projected so much passion and heartache, for it was a tale of unrequited love.  The crowd went mad with delight when it ended, clapping and cheering, they would not let Nassel, and Fantee leave until she had sung at least one more song.
The Emperor was delighted, Rogan heard him calling servants and the royal treasurer to him.  When Fantee finished the Emperor called Nassel and Fantee to him, after congratulating her on her wonderful performance, he presented each of them with a garland of flowers and a small leather bag, filled with rubies.
They both knelt and kissed the Emperors hand thanking him for his generosity, to the roars of approval from the crowd.
Eventually, the wonderful evening ended when the Emperor departed on the royal elephant that is richly decorated with paint, sumptuous silk cloth and golden anklets.  With his retinue carried on litters, or walking, depending on rank, they trailed after him.
“I have secured the Emperors permission for us to leave when we wish for three months,” announced Rogan to the crew, and the Pandava brothers, who had returned to the Blue Rooms with them.
“That's excellent news, let’s decide when we are leaving for Kodagu,” suggested Ancore.  “The sooner the better,” Glaina enthused.
“If you would like us to accompany you, and show you where your Kingdom is, we would be glad to do so,” Yudhishthira informed them.  A vote was taken all the crew deciding to travel to Kodagu with the Pandava brothers the following day.
Breen explained to Yudhishthira, “We only have the two Landers available, so it will take two journeys to transport all of us to Kodagu.”
“Arjuna should go with the first party.  He knows Kodagu better than all of us,” confided Yudhishthira to Breen.
“We had all better get a good night’s sleep, as it will be a long day tomorrow for all of us,” suggested Ancore.
The following morning Adeeone and Nassel left in the Lander to bring the second Lander back, ready for the trip to Kodagu.  When both Landers were parked in front of the Blue Rooms, they emptied them of everything except the munitions for the rail guns.  It wasn't considered wise to leave any of the discs behind as directly the Landers departed the Discs would become activated due to the proximity fuses.  While the Landers remained nearby the discs could not be armed and were therefore, completely safe.
Rogan and Arjuna, Adeeone, and Ancore, and Bhima were in the first Lander.  In the second came Nassel, Yudhishthira, Nakula and Sahadeva, and Breen.  The two girls Glaina and Fantee had volunteered to stay together and await the return of one Lander.  The trip down the coast was straightforward.  The Pandava brothers were thrilled with flying, and in Rogan’s Lander Arjuna and Bhima took over the emergency controls and flew the Lander manually.
“It is not difficult to fly this Lander.  This is a great thrill Arjuna enthused.”
Bhima also found it easy to fly, but as Rogan explained, “it's not so much the flying when in midair, but the take-off and landing that is the most difficult.”
It was obvious by the manoeuvres that the Pandava in the other Lander were also trying their hand at flying.
They had been airborne two hours when Arjuna pointed at a mountain inland of them, “That is Pushpagiri on the Northern border if we fly south over it, we will come to a lake and river with Abbi falls, a few kilometres beyond is the capital Mercara.”
Rogan had been plotting in waypoints for the navigation system when he noticed a strange signal; he flew around the other Lander to confirm his thoughts, sure enough the signal direction changed.  He made a signal to Nassel, I think someone has planted a homing device on one Lander.  We will have to find and destroy it when we land.  The reply came back almost immediately.  They will have pin pointed our destination by that time.
Rogan replied.  "We are coming up on Abbi falls we will land there and destroy the homing device, before continuing to our destination."
The Landers alighted side by side at the falls.  It was a stepped falls and very pretty, Adeeone found the homing device magnetically clamped behind one of the rear landing legs.  Adeeone pulled it off and crushed it, then threw it in the river.  They carried out an electronic check, but nothing showed up.
“They know roughly where we are and can guess the rest, but if the Landers are hidden, they won’t know exactly where we are,” said Ancore as they embarked for the rest of the journey.
Several minutes later, they landed at the small fort in the capital.  Capital!  It was hardly the size of a small village.  It nestled among the hills some thirteen hundred metres above sea level.  The centre of the village consisted of the market place just outside the fort, which was built of logs.  After they had landed Rogan donned his crown before stepping out of the Lander, already a curious crowd had gathered, they were soon shooed to one side as a large man with grand mustachio bustled up bowing, he presented himself.
“Your highness may I congratulate you on your new Kingdom, I am Chidambar former prime minister of the Kingdom.  I presumed you would be appointing your own choice as the new prime minister your highness.”
Rogan replied, “I would like you to continue as prime minister as we only have three months here before we return to Mohenjo- Daru to continue teaching the Emperors men the secrets of the stars.” 
“I am honoured your majesty.  You will have no cause to regret your decision,” replied Chidambar.
“Please show us around the palace, Chidambar,” requested Rogan.
Chidambar led them towards the fort “I have kept the place maintained, but no one has lived here since the old king died.”
They crossed a footbridge over a ditch into the fort through a large gateway, inside it opened out into a garden in the centre of which stood a single storey wooden dwelling with ornately carved doorway on a raise stone plinth.  Inside they found a room the width of the building it had a central raised plinth on the far wall upon which stood the throne of Kodagu.
It was a very impressive piece of woodcarving, the head of an elephant ears wide, the head and trunk making the back of the chair the tusks were the arms, and at the front of the boxed in chair were the elephant's front legs, behind the chair were drapes of a rich red silk.  On each side of the central plinth was a high archway leading to the side verandahs of the central courtyard.
From these were the entrances to the side rooms, six down each side.  The building, although old appeared to be in a good state of repair, and parts of it had the wonderful aroma of sandalwood.
Servants appeared from nowhere bringing chai and bowls of fruit.
“Are you going to fetch Fantee and Glaina,” Ancore asked Nassel and Breen.
“Yes we are about to leave,” answered Nassel.  They ordered servants to decorate the rooms with flowers ready for both girls when they arrived, then took one of the Landers and departed.


########



Chapter Eight



When Nassel and Breen arrived back in Mohenjo-Daru and landed outside the Blue Rooms a crowd of servants, and soldiers came rushing towards the Lander.
“What is all the commotion about, and where are Fantee and Glaina,” asked Breen.
“I don’t like the look of this.  Something has happened to stir up this display of panic,” replied Nassel.
When they stepped out Hasit was the first to reach them.
“Oh your highness's terrible news,” he managed to get out before he was drowned out in the ensuing hubbub as the rest of the servants and soldiers arrived all trying to talk at once.  Holding up his hands, Breen shouted, “QUIET.”  In the silence that followed, he addressed Hasit, “Tell me what has happened,” he commanded.
“Your highness, your wives have been kidnapped and flown away by Ravana’s men.”  Nassel's face betraying the shock that the news had caused asked, “How could this happen where were the guards.”  “The guards were unconscious your highness,” Hasit replied.
Breen again held up his hands, “start from the beginning and tell us exactly what has happened Hasit.”
“Yes your highness,” replied Hasit “It started thus, your two flying machines had departed less than an hour.  Their highnesses were having Tiffin on the upper balcony, and the guards were patrolling normally, when the great black flying machine landed.  The door opened, but nobody got out.  Their highnesses came down to find out what was happening.  As they stepped outside Ravana's men rushed out from the flying machine and sprayed the guards and their highnesses with something that made them fall down unconscious.  Before anyone could help them, they were carried inside the flying machine and it flew away to the Southeast,” explained Hasit, pointing in the direction the Zedds had taken.
“The damn fish eyed murdering Zedds, if they have harmed the girls, I'll rip them apart with my bare hands,” Breen raged.
“Has anyone informed the Emperor,” asked Nassel.
“Yes your highness messengers were sent immediately, and Prime Minister Chakshu asked that you see him directly you arrive.”
They left a guard on the Lander, with Hasit leading the way, they went to find Chakshu; he met them at the entrance to the palace.
“It is terrible that these fiends have kidnapped your wives, and in broad daylight while under the truce, it is unheard of on his majesty's lands,” apologised Chakshu to them both.
“That is not going to get them back Chakshu, what is the Emperor going to do about it,” asked Nassel.
“Come with me, he has asked to see you directly you returned,” he said as he led them up to the throne room.  When they were ushered into the Emperors presence, he stood on no ceremony but gestured for them to sit.
“The abduction of your wives while under the truce in my palace ground is despicable, the perpetrators when apprehended will be put to death by impalement,” he banged his fist on the arm of his throne.
“Your majesty do you have any means of finding out where our wives have been taken,” asked Breen.
“I have sent runners out in all directions to all towns, villages and hamlets in the empire, and all surrounding kingdoms, eventually we will know where they are hiding, but I fear it may take many months.  You might find them quicker using your flying machines,” the Emperor told them.
“With your majesty's permission we will take our leave to begin searching immediately,” Breen replied.
“Yes, yes my boy, take all the time you need to find your wife, if there is anything that is in my power to do to help you in your quest let Chakshu know, and I will see that it is done, may the god's aid you.”
They both thanked the Emperor and left.
“Well it looks like it's up to us to find them, it will take months as the Emperor said for his messengers to spread the word over the empire,” said Nassel.
“Let’s head for Kodagu as fast as we can to let the others know what has happened, among us all we might be able to come up with a viable plan of action,” replied Breen.
They boarded the Lander took off and streaked toward Kodagu, as fast as the Lander would take them.  They covered the distance in just over an hour and a half, when they arrived in Kodagu; they landed inside the fort at the main door of the palace.  The crew and the Pandava came pouring out to greet them.  When they saw Breen and Nassel’s faces as they disembarked without Glaina and Fantee, they knew something terrible had happened.
Ancore stepped forward, “Come into the lounge and then explain what has happened,” she linked her arms in both of theirs urging them into the lounge, when everyone was seated and Breen and Nassel served chai, the story burst from Breen.
He recounted everything, to the horror of the crew, and the disbelief of the Pandava brothers. 
“But everyone was under a truce,” complained Arjuna.
“A truce means nothing to those murdering Zedds,” retorted Rogan.
“We need a plan to find Fantee and Glaina in the shortest possible time,” Ancore said, “Has anybody got a plan of action.”
“I have thought of nothing else all the way here,” Nassel, informed them, “I want to go to check out Lanka Island.  That's where they were before, when Ancore knocked out one of their ships, it's also where King Muktananda came from.”
“That sounds like a sensible plan.  I think both Landers should go to investigate its too dangerous for one Lander.  They could be waiting to ambush us,” Ancore informed them.
“If they are not there, we will need to do a grid search of the whole country, and I think we should contact Adeetoo and get the other Lander back here to help, as soon as we can contact him,” suggested Rogan.
“Right we have a plan.  It is going to be dark soon not the best time to search for Zedds, I suggest we try contacting Adeetoo tonight, will you do that Adeeone.  I think the rest of us would benefit from having a hot meal and getting a good night’s sleep, so we are fresh to go at first light, are we all agreed,” asked Ancore.
Everyone agreed it was the sensible course of action, and a curried speciality of the area is ordered.  It turned out to be a dry curried pig.
“That was really delicious,” murmured Breen, “I'm turning in.  I can hardly keep my eyes open.”
The next morning saw all of them crammed into the two Landers, Adeeone had not been able to contact Adeetoo, and so they would have to contact him at six pm on Monday as arranged.  The Pandava had elected to accompany them; they flew in formation as fast as the Landers would travel toward the Southeast.
After two hours flying, they could see the island of Lanka ahead through the haze.  Climbing higher, they surveyed the whole island in one radar pass.
“There is nothing moving down there,” announced Rogan, “I think it is safe to try a slow low level pass.”
Diving they circled the central mountain checking the palace buildings where they had surprised the Zedd ship last time.  Nothing, the buildings were destroyed; wisps of smoke could still be seen rising lazily into the morning air from the smouldering ruins.  In case of some surprise attack, it was decided to send only one Lander down to investigate further.  Nassel and Breen in Lander Two wanted to land and investigate so it was agreed Lander One would fly top cover while they were on the ground.
They landed close to the largest ruin of what appeared to have once been the palace of King Muktananda.  It was not until they had entered the building, whose walls were still hot and radiating considerable heat, that they found the first of the bodies.  It looked as though they had been standing in a line when they died, there were seven all together.  They continued searching but found nothing but charred bodies in various groupings all over the palace, but none of the bodies were Fantee’s or Glaina’s, They were looking for bodies with six fingers or six toes, but all the bodies were five fingered or five toed.  They widened the search but when they had all gathered back at the Lander, it was the same story.  None of the bodies was Fantee or Glaina.
Contacting the other Lander from the ground Nassel reported their findings; “we have found lots of charred dead bodies, but no sign of Glaina and Fantee.”
Ancore replied, “I suggest you leave there now, and we will all fly to the nearest large village to check if they have any useful information, meantime Rogan is working out a grid search pattern to cover the most ground in the least possible time for our radar search.”
They flew north until they reached a town where they landed in the main square.  It took the Pandava only a short time to locate the headman who had already sent a party to the palace to find out what was happening there, as the fires had been seen during the night.  From the headman, whose name was Chandrak, they found out that there were three black flying machines, but one had been killed by an enemy flying machine some time before.  Chandrak had no love for the Danava, which was the Zedds name for themselves.  They had descended on the town and taken away fifty young maidens supposedly on the orders of King Muktananda, but Chandrak knew King Muktananda very well, and it was not the sort of order that his King would ever contemplate.  The leader of the Danava’s, Indrajit who dragged off the fifty young maidens was a vicious man who had threatened to kill half the population of the town if the maidens were not handed over within two hours.
Arjuna told Chandrak, how one black flying ship had taken King Muktananda to the great tournament of Emperor Bharata, how Ravana and Indrajit had supposed to be the king's bodyguard but acted more like jailers than bodyguards.  Then later when Rogan had won the tournament and the Kingdom of Kodagu, as there was not enough room in the flying machines two of the wives had been left behind.  A flying machine with their husbands aboard had returned for them, only to find the black ship had broken the emperor’s truce, and Ravana’s men had abducted the two wives.
We then began a search for the black flying machines we knew they had been here in Lanka as this was where King Muktananda was from, so we decided to search here first.  We have found no sign of the missing wives, but what we have found is the palace burnt to the ground and scores of charred bodies scattered throughout the ruins.  We think they were executed sometime last night then the palace and grounds set alight, when we arrived this morning, the walls were still very hot and odd fires here and there were still burning.  We are sorry to bring you this grim news, but were wondering if anyone saw where the black ship went.
“We saw the fires last night,” Chandrak replied, “I sent a party of men to find out what had happened, but it will take them several days to reach the palace.  Several people reported seeing one of the black flying machines leaving the island and flying north last night.”
“Thank you Chandrak,” Arjuna replied as he rose to leave, “I must tell the others this news.”  The crew and the Pandava held a war council.
“We have reports of one black ship seen heading north last night,” reported Arjuna.
“It’s no use our rushing off North, they could have gone anywhere,” counselled Rogan, “our best action would be to instigate a grid search.  It might take a bit longer but will be much more thorough if anything, moves below us while we search, we will know, as it will be noticed on radar.  We can load up with food and drink and search night and day with radar; I estimate we should be able to cover the whole continent in three days.”
Yudhishthira spoke up, “when we get to our Kingdom, we would like to disembark and check with our spy network.  We could have some valuable information among the comings and goings of our enemies of the whereabouts of Fantee and Glaina.”
“What a good Idea,” agreed Ancore, “let’s load supplies and get searching.”
The crew and Pandava loaded food and water aboard, and the Landers took off heading for the mainland.  Climbing to an altitude of forty thousand feet they flew onto their respective search grids producing a radar map of the ground below them, which was also analysed for any signs of black ships or unusual ground movements.  After two days searching without any sign of Zedds, they arrived at Indraprastha and the Pandava palace, where they were introduced to Queen Kunti, mother of the five Pandava brothers and Draupadi, their wife, who was very beautiful, but was obviously still traumatized from her ordeal at the hands of the Kaurava.  Before they left, the Pandava pressed them to return directly they had completed the grid search, they promised that if no sign were found they would return.
They took off to continue the search; Adeeone had contacted Adeetoo, who was flying to join them from the land of the Pharaohs.  As they would be finished on the grid search before he arrived, they had given him the co-ordinates of the Pandava palace and told him to wait there for them.  Breen and Nassel were very despondent no trace of Zedds had been found, it was as if they had vanished from the face of the planet.
Ancore called them from her Lander.  “We have seen no trace of Zedds this can only mean two things, one, they are outside the search area, or two.  They have gone into hiding knowing we are searching for them.  I suggest we return to Indraprastha and consult with the Pandava they might have information from one of their spies that will help us if not we can decide what further we need to do in order to locate the whereabouts of Fantee and Glaina.”
Breen replied for both himself and Nassel, “Yes we think that is a good idea, but if we have no news Nassel and myself wish to take a Lander each and climb to the upper atmosphere.  We can stay up there weeks and cover almost a quarter of the planets, surface, they are bound to fly in that time, then we will have them pinpointed.”
“Good idea Breen, I see no objections to your plan.  Adeetoo should have arrived at the Pandava palace by now, we have completed the grid search let's return to the palace.”
Both Landers turned, heading south towards Indraprastha.  Ancore called up Breen and Nassel, “We still cannot take chances and leave all our Landers undefended.  I suggest we send Adeetoo up to the upper atmosphere to keep radar watch while the other Landers are on the ground.  Leaving Adeeone in one of the Landers on radio watch, we will not be surprised by Zedds and might even locate them if they try to fly while we are planning our next moves.”
“Excellent Idea," Nassel called back.
When they eventually landed, they put the plan into action Adeetoo could stay up there weeks if necessary, as he did not require food or water.  They printed out the results of the grid search and took them into the palace with them, checking them to see if they had missed anything.  When they were all fed, and served with chai, the crew and the Pandava began discussing what news had been gathered.
Yudhishthira spoke first, “we have quizzed all our spies and sent word to others further out.  One interesting piece of information has been relayed to us by one of our spies in the Kaurava palace.  On the night, Fantee and Glaina were abducted a Zedd ship landed containing Ravana it left late that night destination unknown.  Our spy has put out feelers but has only rumours to report.  One rumour was they were bound for Lanka.  Another was the Kingdom of Kosala both were to the south which was the direction the black ship had flown that night.”
“Now we have Adeetoo back sitting on the edge of space up there.  He can stay up there indefinitely looking down.  No ship will be able to fly without our knowledge it is only a matter of time now before we learn where they are hiding,” said Ancore.
Rogan spoke to the Pandava, “I have been analysing the results of our radar grid search, and although we didn’t find any signs of the Zedds we do have other disquieting information.  It seems that several large armies are on the move in various parts of the country at least one very large force is converging on the Kaurava’s stronghold of Hastinapura.  They have been travelling from the southern states, and at ten miles per day they should reach Hastinapura in the next ten days.”
Yudhishthira replied, “Yes our spies have told us that a very large army is nearing Hastinapura, we believe this to be the army of King Musheer whose Kingdom is Kosala to the south and a staunch ally of the Kaurava.”
“Do you have allies whose armies you can call on Yudhishthira?” asked Ancore.
He nodded then replied, “We do have allies who have been true to us, also the emperor has looked with favour on our cause since the Kaurava has allied themselves with the Zedds, as we speak, he is building wheeled chariots to outfit an army that he assures us will be sent Southeast within two months.  To the East, we have King Yalambar of the Kirati tribe from the Kathmandu valley of Nepal.  His fighters are very brave warriors much feared by the surrounding Kingdoms; no one from around that area will side with the Kaurava for fear of angering King Yalambar.  A few more kings sympathise with us and at a pinch would supply men and arms.  The Emperor has also ordered the Harrapan city to assemble an army to be sent to assist us.”
“It seems you have some valuable allies, please count us as willing allies, anyone who fights against Zedds are our friends and allies,” pledged Ancore on behalf of the rest of the crew who were all nodding agreement.
“We now have to play a waiting game to see when and where the Zedds will reveal themselves.  While waiting, it would be prudent to instruct your artisans on how to make wheeled chariots, also to give you the secrets of gunpowder, and simple rockets.  Breen, Nassel you are the most qualified to teach the Pandava craftsmen and weapon makers these arts,” said Ancore, “we will teach Kalarippayat to The Pandava, army officers, and they can teach the men under them.”
So it was that for the next two weeks they played a waiting game, teaching the Pandava army officers, tradesmen and armament makers new skills, news was coming in every day but nothing about Zedds it was, as if they had vanished from the face of the planet.  Adeetoo sent a report every evening; it was mostly on the latest troop movements.  Ancore and Rogan also taught Yudhishthira, Bhima, and Arjuna how to fly the Lander, they were quick learners and had a natural talent for automatically solving complex three-dimensional spatial problems in their heads and making it look easy.
It was during the third week they located them.  One of their ships flew low level to the Kaurava at Hastinapura after dark, and it stayed until just before dawn when it flew back to its secret base.
“They must be aware that we now know where they are hiding.  Their ship must have sensed the radar probe from our Lander so now they will be expecting us,” explained Ancore to the Pandava and the assembled crew.
“Exactly where are they hiding,” asked Nassel.
Ancore opened a radar map to show them, “here it’s about a thousand kilometres south of us in this fortress.”
“It’s the Black fort of Daulatabad,” Exclaimed Arjuna, “I should have thought of it before, it belongs to the Kaurava, I am very sorry to tell you this Ancore, but this fort is impregnable.”
“No fort is impregnable Arjuna,” exclaimed Ancore, “There is always a weakness somewhere.”
“Then perhaps this is one fort that hasn’t any weaknesses, wait until you have seen it, it is perhaps the greatest natural fortress in the country.  It rises vertically from a square basalt base three sides of which are sheer cliff faces.  The fourth side is less steep, but what nature has left undone man has completed.  Four semi-circular rings of ramparts built from jet-black granite with a moat, is the only way into the fortress.  The final entrance is through a maze of low tunnels where a man has to bend double, all but one tunnel ending in a deep crevasse,” explained Arjuna.
Breen was bursting and had to have his say, “If Glaina and Fantee are being held in this fortress, then we will find a way in.  We could mount an airborne assault at night.”
“We do not want to go rushing this and endanger the girl’s lives.  First, we need intelligence, are both Zedd flying machines at this fortress or only one.  Second, where are Fantee and Glaina held prisoner, and what is their routine?
Third we need a Tri-Dee map of this fort, so we can try and work out a method of gaining entry that they haven’t considered and surprising them,” Ancore cautioned the rest of the crew.
Breen and Nassel volunteered to fly both Landers to the Black fort and secure Tri-Dee pictures.  Ancore had misgivings feeling they were too close to this and might make a rash decision, and then decided that if she could not trust them with this mission, she would be doing them an injustice after all Fantee and Glaina might be their bond mates but primarily they were officers in the united planets deep space survey corps.
“Very well instruct Adeetoo to fly top cover for you, please try not to endanger the Landers we only have three against two Zedd ships we need to be able to maintain air superiority if we have to, good luck to you both.”
Arjuna offered to show them the way, but they already had the co-ordinates of the black fort on their instrumentation and thought it safer if they did this mission alone.
They took off in both Landers after a midday meal the Landers were stocked with supplies of food and water as routine, and as they disappeared south Ancore and Rogan’s hearts went with them, to take their minds off the two Landers, they immersed themselves in teaching the Pandava's army officers Kalarippayat.
Late, that evening both Landers returned safely, bringing the Tri-Dee pictures of the black fort and the surrounding area.  They all crowded around the table where the projector from one of the Landers had been set up, it projected a Tri-Dee image over the top of the long table, they were all seated around.  The pictures were superb every aspect of the fort, and its surrounds could be seen in detail as the picture not only tracked around the fort but also over the top, parked in the forts main courtyard was one flying machine, of the other there was no sign.  While the Tri-Dee pictures were being taken, a missile battery mounted on the uppermost keep had been firing missiles at the Landers.  Each Lander defended the other, and all the missiles were knocked out before inflicting any damage.
As they were leaving, Nassel fired his rail gun and took out the missile battery and part of the roof of the upper keep.  “I just lost my rag with them,” he explained, “I only hope the girls were not underneath the missile battery.”
Rogan quickly summarised the main points they were looking at.  “Arjuna was right to say this is a mighty fortress, the three sides as we can see are sheer and at least two hundred metres high.  I just do not see how we could scale them and surprise the Zedds, but they are likely to be the three sides that are guarded by the fewest defenders.  The walls stretch for over five kilometres which if they tried to guard all of it would stretch the defenders very thinly.  I, therefore, believe they will concentrate their guards around the black ship and the central towers where I believe the girls are probably held prisoner.  That way they would utilise their numbers to their best advantage, the three sides whose walls are sheer cliffs will I believe be virtually undefended.  Since you knocked out their missile battery, they will have many more sited with a massive increase in firepower, which I believe would rule out any approach by air.  Assault from the fourth side is ruled out because most of the defences are on that side; this leaves us with the problem of somehow silently scaling one of the three sheer cliffs to gain entry.  I just don’t see how it can be accomplished,” Rogan ruefully concluded.
“Thank you Rogan that was a fine summing up of the problems facing us has anyone any ideas for silently scaling one of these cliff faces,” asked Ancore.
Nassel was musing aloud, “It’s no good trying to drop a grappling line onto the wall from the air any Lander trying would be blown out of the air before it got anywhere near the wall.  The same could be said about trying to fire a line with a grappling hook over the wall from the ground, we would need a rocket to get a line up that high which would alert the defenders with its noise,” Nassel dropped his head into his hands, “It’s impossible there is just no way up the cliffs,” he groaned.
Breen looked around the table.  I refuse to give up hope while Glaina remains in the hands of these Zedd swine, he told the Pandava and the rest of the crew around the table, “somehow there must be a way to assault this fortress,” he asserted.
“History tells us this Fort has never been conquered,” said Arjuna, “but there is always a first time for everything we mustn’t give up hope, somewhere there must be warriors who have scaled such cliffs before, it’s just a matter of finding them,” he added.
“Taskinti,” the name bursts out of Ancore and crashed among the assembly, “If anyone might know of anyone who could climb these cliffs he would, he has travelled extensively over this country and met many peoples on his travels.  In addition, he has sworn a sacred oath that he will kill any Zedd he meets without mercy, because of the way, they slaughtered his innocent young wife and children in a fit of pique, trying to get even with us for eluding them.  If we can find him, he might be able to help us.”
Yudhishthira spoke to the assembly, “we will send out the word to all our spies that the whereabouts of the caravan leader Taskinti is of our utmost concern.  He is well known by reputation as a very astute and safe leader who has never lost a caravan, if he is anywhere within a thousand kilometres we will know in a very short time through our spy network.”  He assured the crew and the rest of his family.
That was about all they could do for the present, and the meeting was just breaking up when Rogan addressed them all.
“We also need to give some thought to our security here.  The Lander Adeetoo is flying is unarmed, if we were attacked by the Zedds, he would not be able to defend us only raise the alarm providing someone is on listening watch in one of the Landers here.  What I propose is finding some way to arm his Lander so that in the event of being attacked, he could give a good account of himself and defend our ships while they are on the ground.  Has anyone any thoughts on the subject we can’t build more rail guns, but surely we could either come up with a laser weapon or some sort of missile?"
Ancore spoke, “Sound thinking Rogan, we can’t leave anything to chance, I suggest we rotate Adeetoo and put Adeeone up on top cover watch in an armed Lander while we sort out arming the Lander of Adeetoo.”
With the top cover in an armed Lander piloted by Adeeone underway, and Adeetoo returning in the unarmed Lander the meeting finally broke up.  Breen and Nassel had decided to try to come up with a weapon for the third Lander.  They were already designing a rocket system that could be carried into battle by a large wagon armed with many rocket tubes that could be fired and then reloaded while in the field.
The weapon for the third Lander was a very powerful pulsed-laser it was fitted to the top of the Lander, which restricted its use to anything that could be seen from the top.  If the target was below the Lander, the only way to fire the Laser was to roll the Lander upside down.  This was a shortcoming when trying to fire at ground-based targets, but there was no way around it apart from fitting another laser underneath, this, they did not have enough parts to accomplish, so had to be content with what they had.
Another week went by and still no word of the whereabouts of Taskinti, Breen and Nassel completed the design of the rocket wagon and handed the building of them to the Pandava artisans.  Bhima and Arjuna were much taken with the rocket concept and had taken over from Breen and Nassel the overseeing of the work.  Once the concept was explained to them, they had quickly grasped what was required and became thoroughly immersed in the project even to suggesting improvements.  Such as being able, to aim the rockets to some extent by altering the elevation of the rocket tubes, they now had eighty degrees of adjustable elevation from almost horizontal to almost upright all operated by simple wooden gearing.
The final weapon that Breen and Nassel had developed was a modulated sound weapon of immense power, at the right frequency it could tear living flesh apart, or at a lower frequency could cause the very earth to transform into a moving mass that was almost liquid swallowing up anything that tried to move on the face of it.  Breen and Nassel had their misgivings about this weapon.  It was a terrible weapon to let loose on anyone even the Danava.  The only defence against it being another sound generator that could nullify the first generator.  This was how, whoever fired the weapon would be protected.  By a sound wave, the reverse of the prime wave, this would nullify the wave and make it harmless to anyone behind the sound generator when it fired.
It was a squat ugly thing with its own generator built in to power it.  It was fitted onto two wheels so that a team of horses could pull it.  The business end of the weapon was a huge cone that projected like a giant gun barrel.  There the likeness ended.  This was no gun.  This was a weapon of terrible power that once unleashed at the right frequency could wipe out armies, or cities, even mountains could be levelled, this weapon was not to be used unless the Zedds were winning the war.  Two keys controlled the sound generator; both required turning simultaneously to arm it.  Ancore had one key; Breen had the other, and both keys were worn around their respective necks.


########



Chapter Nine



News of Taskinti arrived on the fourth week; the spy had purchased a horse and ridden day and night to bring them the news of Taskinti’s whereabouts.  Yudhishthira rewarded him generously with a large bag of gold for his diligence.  Then spoke to the assembled company.  “Our spy has located your friend Taskinti, he is currently heading this way with a large caravan mostly bringing salt and sea shells and ambergris from the coast of Elephanta.  He is at present at the town of Satopbhari, which lies just over 400 kilometres to the West South West of here.  Bhima knows the area well and will guide you there.”  It was decided that Rogan, Ancore and Bhima would go in one Lander, and then if they could convince Taskinti to join them, there would still be plenty of room in the Lander for them all.
They took off the following morning and were there within the hour, Taskinti had already left Satopbhari and was twenty kilometres closer to them.  They circled the caravan with its out riders of Kshatriya warriors and their marmaluk warrior slaves.  Then they landed three kilometres ahead of them at a sweet water lake girded with fragrant juniper trees.
There they waited, within a half hour Taskinti was riding towards them accompanied by half a dozen warriors on horseback.  His face wreathed in a huge grin as he leapt from his horse and gallantly kissed Ancore’s hand, then threw his arms around Rogan and kissed him on the cheek.
“My friends,” he cried, “how wonderful to see you all.  Your crew is well and safe I trust.”
“We are here to seek your help, but first this is Prince Bhima of the Pandava of Indraprastha, a very good friend of ours,” Ancore told him.
“Any friend of yours is a friend of mine Ancore,” said Taskinti turning and bowing to Bhima, who replied
“I have heard many good things about the great caravan leader Taskinti, and I am pleased to meet you in the flesh.”
“The fame of the great Prince Bhima is also woven into the heroic songs of these parts, and it is my pleasure to meet you in person,” Taskinti told him as they shook hands.
Rogan addressed Taskinti, “We have bad news the Zedds have captured Fantee and Glaina, and they are holding them hostage in an almost impregnable fort called the black fort of Daulatabad.  We can see no way of scaling the sheer cliffs, and wondered if you knew any peoples that could climb these cliffs.”
Taskinti held up his hands, “Zedds,” he spat on the earth near his feet, “They are my sworn enemy.  I can help you, but it means waiting until the caravan arrives, which shouldn't be more than an hour, until then let’s brew chai and you can tell me all that has happened since we last met.”
Ancore and Rogan had just finished telling Taskinti how they won the kingship of Kodagu and travelled to the new Kingdom leaving Glaina and Fantee behind because of lack of room in the Landers.  How Zedds had abducted them from the palace grounds while still under a truce.  They had searched the whole continent, but the Zedds had been hiding and they had been unable to find any trace of them.  Then one of the Zedd ships had flown from its hideout in the black fort, now they knew where they were but the Zedds also knew that the crew now knew where they were, and would be waiting to foil any rescue attempt mounted by them.
They had just finished relating all this to Taskinti when the head of the caravan appeared, in the distance, winding its way slowly towards them.
Taskinti rose to his feet watching the caravan make its way toward the sweet water lake to allow the animals to drink and to make camp for the night.
“I will fetch the marmaluk, I want you to meet, his tribe specialise in scaling the unscalable,”
Taskinti gave orders to one of the Kshatriya, who departed in search of the marmaluk Manohar.  When Manohar was brought before the company, he turned out to be a very black skinned man, short of stature but very fierce looking, with quick mannerisms and intelligent black eyes.
Taskinti bade him sit and had chai brought for him, and then addressed him.
“Manohar you have been a warrior slave for six moons I am told.”
Manohar looked at the group of people around the table before looking at Taskinti directly then just nodded his head in agreement.
Taskinti continued, “Would you like your freedom, and a handsome reward of gold and rubies to go with it.”
Manohar spoke in a singsong voice, “What would I have to do to earn my freedom and this huge reward,” he asked.
Taskinti smiled at him, “I believe that your people the Bhil are clever warriors famed for scaling cliff faces that other men would find impossible.
Manohar nodded then replied, “Yes this is true, there are men in my tribe who can scale the seemingly impossible with ease,” he boasted.
“If you can introduce us to these men in your tribe, and enlist them to help us scale the cliffs of the black fort of Daulatabad, not only will you be free this day, but you will have a bag of gold and rubies for your help.  The men of your tribe who would help us will also be rewarded very handsomely, what do you say are you willing to help us?"
Manohar stood to his full height of five feet one inch and agreed, “Yes for my freedom.  I will help you in any way I can.”
“Splendid,” Taskinti cried, “From this moment forth you are a free man,” he grasped Manohar by the hands and shook them vigorously.
Then he proceeded to tell Manohar why they needed the men of his tribe’s expertise, and the story of the capture of Fantee and Glaina.  Also about the great search that had been underway and how they had been located at the Black Fort.  The only way to mount a surprise attack was to scale the formidable sheer cliffs on three sides of the fort.
“It will take a considerable time to travel to my homeland,” Manohar told them.
Taskinti laughed, “We have the flying carriage of the star people.  It will take us to your homeland in only a few hours,” he looked askance of Ancore.
“We will depart for your homeland whenever you are ready to leave with us,” Ancore told Manohar.  He replied, “I just need to collect my blanket and weapons, then I am at your disposal.”
Taskinti left the caravan in the charge of his trusted second in command Dohomett, telling him if he died and did not return the caravan profits were his.
Soon, they were aboard the Lander winging their way toward a place called Ajanta, which was a steep bluff that reared out of the harsh and inhospitable surrounding scrubland.  It was shaped like a horseshoe overlooking the river Waghara that wound through the rocky gorge far below.
Manohar told them something of his people during the trip, “The valley is a haven for wildlife many tigers live there.  My people live in a honeycomb of caves that lie about fifteen metres above the level of the river.  We have been invaded many times, but none has ever conquered us for we have fierce allies.”
“Who are your allies,” asked Taskinti now very intrigued.
Manohar paused for effect knowing he had his audience hooked, “the most ferocious thing in the gorge is not the many tigers, but the many nests of ferocious wild bees.  They will attack any living thing.  We have learned to live with them, and they keep us in honey.  All who have tried to conquer us have been routed by the ferocious wild bees.”
Just then, they passed over the Indhyahadri hills then ahead rising from the flat lands shimmering in the heat rose Ajanta.  At Manohar's suggestion, they landed on a bluff overlooking the ravine with its river in the rocky gorge far below.  After they disembarked Manohar bid them wait while he walked to the edge of the bluff, suddenly a high-pitched warbling cry echoed down into the ravine from Manohar, within a minute several high-pitched warbling cries were heard in answer from different areas of the gorge.  Manohar walked back from the edge and joined them sitting outside the Lander.  They lit a fire and began boiling water for chai
Suddenly, they became aware of almost naked, silent figures carrying blowpipes and small bows and arrows.  They were surrounding them and watching them intently.  Manohar rose and addressed them in their own language, suddenly their body language showed that they were relaxing and coming forward to greet Manohar.  Manohar embraced one older man then turned to the company and told them, “This is my father Chapal, warlord of the Bhil.”
Taskinti replied for them all, when he gestured to the Bhil warriors to be seated and offered them chai, at the same time telling Manohar to convey greetings to his father from the assembled company, and that they had come to bargain with the Bhil tribe to help them scale the cliffs of the black fort.  After they were all seated comfortably in the shade of the Lander, for the heat in this area was immense, the whole landscape dancing in a fierce heat haze.
Manohar began addressing his father and the other warriors of the tribe, in their own language.  He told them the full story of the kidnap of the girls, and how the star people with the help of Bhima a prince of the Pandava, and Taskinti caravan master, who had this day freed him and would pay gold and rubies for the help of the tribe in scaling the cliffs of the Black Fort.
There was great discussion amongst the Bhil each standing while speaking and making their point, eventually they fell silent and Manohar translated what had been decided.  “They will help you, but they do not wish payment of gold and rubies.  If you pay  them in bronze spears, swords and knives also thirty goats, they will climb the cliffs of the black fort and fix ropes to the top, then the raiding force can climb up.”
Rogan spoke for them all, “Manohar, please tell your father, we agree to his terms and are prepared to pay him fifty each of spears, swords and knives of the finest quality and will transport here thirty of the finest goats we can purchase.”
After Manohar had translated the message, his father spoke earnestly to him for several minutes at the end of which Manohar addressed Rogan and the rest of the company.
“My father says that you will need to transport his men and the special animals to the black fort, as they have never been there and have no idea where it is.”
“Tell your father, we can take the animals he requires and his men to the black fort in our flying machine it will only take a few hours, by the way, what are these special animals and will they fit inside a Lander.”  After more discussion with his father Manohar told them, “they wish to transport five monitor lizards each is about one point five metres long and will need to be caged for the journey, with them will travel ten warriors, can you're flying machine take such a load.”
“Not all at once but we can take a few at a time and make several trips, how long will it take them to assemble the caged lizards and the warriors who are to go on this expedition here on the cliff top, answered Rogan.”
“That will take three days,” Manohar, answered after speaking with his father.
“Very well Manohar, please tell your father that we will return in three days bringing with us the spears swords and daggers, the goats, we will pay to him after we have scaled the fort walls and returned,” confirmed Rogan. Manohar spoke to his father, and then they embraced.  The Bhil just seemed to fade away in the heat haze, one minute they were there, the next only Manohar and the crew was left.  Manohar addressed them; “My father has left me with you so that I can select the weapons you have promised him.”
“That is very astute of him; I think it will be best if we depart now.
Taskinti did you wish to return to your caravan or come with us to Indraprastha,” Ancore enquired.
“I wish to come with you and help rescue Glaina and Fantee, if I can kill some Zedds while doing it so much the better,” he answered.
Within three hours, they were back at the palace, and relating to the Pandava and the rest of the crew all that had happened.
“We will need at least ten coils of rope each at three hundred metres long.  We also need to find somewhere close to the black fort but out of sight of it to set up a base camp for this operation.  Nassel can you and Breen organise that,” asked Ancore.
Nassel replied, “We saw the perfect spot during our recce, about two kilometres away from the fort is a small range of hills, they are very low lying, but if we can sneak in at almost ground level, there is a perfect hollow we can operate from, on the side away from the fort.”
Rogan spoke up, “I believe we need to be organised; I think we need two empty Landers to ferry the Bhil to the base camp.  We also need to stock the base camp with food and water enough for us, and the animals.  We cannot light fires, but we can use screened stoves that we have in our supply stores.  This will enable us to have a hot meal and drinks before we assault the fort.  I also suggest we approach the base camp at dawn or dusk only, to minimise the Zedd detecting us.  One Lander will need to stay on a very high top cover to keep an eye on the Zedds we would not want to be surprised by them suddenly leaving before we can mount a rescue.  The final problem is how many of us will be assaulting the fort and will there be any diversionary tactics employed aside from the direct assault force.”
Ancore spoke for the rest of them, “We need to discuss this further and decide what our strategies are for securing the freedom of Fantee and Glaina.  We do not know exactly where they are being held, but if I were a Zedd, I would be holding them in the topmost keep of the castle.  This means that even after we have climbed the cliff, we will still need to scale the walls of the two lower Keeps.  Unless we try to create a diversion at the main gate, having thought about it, it would be much preferable if we could creep quietly to the place they were being held, without arousing the Zedd guards.  Once we have them safe, then diversionary tactics would be useful if they helped us retreat in safety.”
The working out of tactics took the rest of that evening they were hampered by the fact that they did not know exactly where the Girls were being held.
At the end of the evening Ancore went over the plan so far, “Five Bhil tribesmen will scale the cliffs carrying five ropes when they reach the top, they will secure the ropes and five warriors will climb up carrying another five ropes, which will be secured at the top.  Then ten can climb at a time, remember we have the five warriors already up there.  The Bhil will not be fighting, so four more lots of ten have to climb up plus another five warriors.  We need fifty warriors to be able to move with stealth, or if we are discovered before we can rescue the girls, we need to be able to put up a fight that will enable us to stay long enough to find and rescue the girls.  We know the Zedd ship is on the lower keep partly hidden in what looks like a stabling yard.  Now for armament, we have hand lasers for all, and can train those that have never fired them tomorrow afternoon, but they are not to be used unless we are discovered.  We shall all be armed with bow and arrows as they are almost silent, all will carry a sword.  Rogan and I will be armed with the Urimi flexible sword wrapped around our waist and the three bladed throwing daggers.  Now for the heavier weapons, we require explosives, in case we have to blow down doors, each team of ten will have an explosive man trained in the use of it.  All the crew of DSSV7 will be going on this mission, except Adeetoo, who will be flying top cover, and Adeeone, who will man one hidden Lander, just in case we get into real trouble, and then he can liaise with Adeetoo and try to extricate us all.  Arjuna, Bhima and Taskinti are going with us; the rest will be handpicked warriors from the Pandava army.  If anyone can think of anything we have overlooked, then please see myself or Rogan, thank you all, I think it’s time we all got to bed it will be a long day of practice and preparation tomorrow.”
The following day at dawn, they were up and loading the Landers straight after honeyed chapatti and chai for breakfast.  Ancore, Rogan, Breen and Nassel were the explosives' experts they just did not have time to teach anyone else, so each of them would be with a team of ten, the first five up would be securing the perimeter and probing for ways into the upper keep levels.  They had decided that they might need to carry extra shorter ropes with padded grapples to climb the walls of the other keeps if required.  The last five warriors to climb up would form a rear guard securing the ropes for the return journey.
The two Landers took off with Nassel and Breen piloting, as they were familiar with the terrain.  They took a devious route and approached the low-lying range of hills two kilometres from the fort, at two metres above the ground they gently slid into a large semi-circular depression and landed.  All the stores, ropes, grappling hooks.  Explosives, food and water were quickly off loaded and the Landers crept away at virtually ground level for over thirty kilometres before daring to fly higher.
At sunset, they flew back carrying the forty-three warriors and their weapons plus more food and water.  Each Lander had to make three trips; they then flew back to the Pandava palace and loaded the spears, swords and knives that Manohar had selected from the Pandavan armoury.
They flew to the bluff overlooking the gorge and camped for the night.  Manohar had called down into the ravine, and a group of Bhil silently appeared.  They carried away the weapons promising to return an hour before dawn with the five caged lizards and the ten warriors, Breen and Nassel slept in the Landers until 3:30 a.m. in the morning then they were up and brewing chai.  The Bhil appeared as silently as ever, five boxes of lizards and two warriors went in one Lander the rest crowded into the second Lander.
They arrived at the base near the fort just after daylight had broken, and off loaded the human and animal cargo.  They then sat around having a leisurely breakfast; the Bhil also fed and watered their charges then checked the ropes before promptly falling asleep.  Ancore was checking the fort through glasses, but the heat haze was starting to obscure anything at a distance.  They went over the plan again and made sure everyone knew which group they belonged too then there was nothing left to do but to try to get as much rest as possible before nightfall.  When they would have a final meal, moving out at around 10:30 p.m., and trek across the two kilometres to the base of the nearest wall of the black fort.
Night had fallen, and they had eaten the evening meal and had chai, now they collected their weapons and water bottles.  Arjuna, Bhima, and Taskinti led the way next came the ten Bhil each pair carrying a lizard between them, then came the warriors in bunches of ten with the crew carrying the explosive charges bringing up the rear.  They reached the boulder-strewn base of the black fort around midnight, the Bhil after a quick prayer to their gods uncaged the monitor lizards.  Each lizard wore a rope harness that was about two metres long and secured to a Bhil, each Bhil carried a long stick to guide and urge the lizards upwards, around the waist each Bhil had one end of the main climbing rope tied.
The main force rested as the five Bhil’s and their lizards each picked out a likely spot to begin the climb.  They were widely separated, and soon had disappeared from view.  Near the bottom, the climb was not as steep as farther up the cliff face.  Below each climber was the other Bhil tribesman carefully paying out the main climbing rope.
An hour had passed when suddenly out of the night hurtled a lizard and Bhil warrior, they never made a sound until they smashed into the boulders at the foot of the cliff with a sickening crunch.  This woke everyone up, as most had been dozing while waiting for the Bhil to complete the climb.  Now they realised just how incredibly difficult this climb really was.
Half an hour later the first of the climbers signalled by tugs on the rope that it was secured at the top.  Then the first warrior started the arduous climb up the rope with another main rope tied around his waist.  The rope he was climbing was knotted every ten metres to allow the climber to stand on the knot and gain a few seconds rest, before continuing the climb with the rope twisted around one leg and the foot of the other leg used as a clamp to help the arms in climbing.  It was extremely strenuous and soon the sweat was pouring off the warriors as they climbed making the grasp on the rope very slippery indeed, the knot resting places becoming more and more important the higher they went.
Finally, they made the top of the cliff over the wall of the lower keep and found convenient places to secure the new ropes too.  They gathered and began silently to explore as the advance party.  They were very lucky that this was the very start of the new moon, and the minute sliver in the sky didn't give out a lot of light, but the stars shone brilliantly giving more than enough light to make out the surroundings, so they had to proceed with utmost caution.
They found a place to climb the wall of the next keep with the grappling hooks; they climbed the wall of the second keep leaving the ropes hanging over the wall for the rest of the force to follow.  They left one man at the foot of the wall to guide the following main force and continued looking for a way to climb up into the third and highest keep.  Here, they had to be ultra-careful as the Zedds had at least four batteries of missile launchers sited around the walls with Zedd troops manning them.  The three warriors crept along the base of the third keep wall ears straining for any sound.
Meanwhile, Rogan and Ancore with their respective forces had arrived at the top of the first keep and were getting their bearings before moving out.  Rogan's force headed toward the Zedd ship.
Ancore found the guide, and the grappling ropes, and her force climbed into the next keep then went searching for any sign of the girls.
Within ten minutes, Breen and Nassel had arrived and with their respective forces followed in Ancore and Rogan’s footsteps, Arjuna and Bhima had gone with Rogan, and Taskinti had attached himself to Ancore’s group.  Nassel’s group met Rogan’s and they decided to split up and skirt the Zedd ship looking for doorways into the interior of the fort.
Ancore’s group had joined the original three warriors of the advance guard and scaling the wall behind them came Breen’s group.  They split up, Ancore looking for a way into the fortresses second keep, Breen opting to find a way up into the third keep and silently take out the Zedds on the missile batteries.  Before seeking some sign of where the girls were being held.
Everything seemed to be running smoothly, Breen and his men with the three advance guard had managed to climb into the third keep unobserved, and had taken out a Zedd manning one battery with an arrow through the throat.
Then from the lowest keep where the Zedd ship was parked, searchlights suddenly lit up the fortress as laser bolts rent the air, and shouting broke out.  The raiding force was discovered.
A loud blast suddenly erupted from the second keep, as Ancore realising stealth was useless blew down the main door.  Her force poured inside.  They followed corridors radiating from a main hall, and in all but one passageway, they encountered Zedds, who fought fiercely.  Laser bolts flashing continuously they gradually forced the defenders to retreat, and had to winkle them out of side rooms.  Eventually, when the firing died down, Ancore found she had lost almost half her force before the four Zedds were wiped out.  They continued down a curving corridor that spilled out into the annexe to the dungeon.
It was here Ancore found first King Muktananda, and then Fantee and Glaina in separate cells, all three of them were in a terrible state; luckily, the cell keys were hanging from a bolt fixed to the wall.  The doors were unlocked, and both girls fell weeping into Ancore and Taskinti’s arms.
They were badly beaten with black eyes, swollen cheeks and puffy lips, filthy hands with cracked nails.  King Muktananda was hardly recognisable he had been so badly beaten.  He could barely croak as he pleaded for water.  Taskinti and Ancore were filled with an all-consuming rage when they realised the extent of the torture the three of them had undergone.  They helped them out of the hall into the fresh air, and gave them sips of water from their water bottles.
Ancore was calling the survivors to come to fire into the Zedds in the courtyard below having realised the predicament of Rogan and Nassel’s forces.  Suddenly, a Zedd erupted from the hall where he had been hiding laser blazing.  Taskinti realising the target was Ancore dived to protect her back firing at the Zedd with his laser.  As his body passed in front of Ancore, the Zedd blast hit him, just as Taskinti’s laser blast blew the Zedds head off.  Taskinti fell mortally wounded, as Ancore cradled him in her arms, he had just enough breathe to ask Ancore to take him home to be with his loved ones before he died.
The battle was still raging in the lowest keep where the Zedd ship was parked.  The Zedd searchlights had all been shot out, but the defenders had wreaked havoc on Rogan and Nassel’s groups.
Both groups had been caught out in the open.  It seemed the Zedds had motion sensors around the ship, which had triggered the searchlights.  Some of the Zedds were aboard the ship.  The rest poured from two doorways into the courtyard.  The Zedds had caught both attacking groups in a deadly crossfire; Rogan was down badly injured having taken a laser blast in the thigh.  Arjuna had lost the little finger of his right hand from a laser blast and over half of Rogan and Nassel’s warriors had been killed.
They probably would all have been wiped out if Ancore’s remaining warriors had not joined the fray at that moment firing down on the Zedds from the walls of the second keep.  It gave time for Nassel and Rogan’s forces to regroup under cover of some stable walling.  Rogan had passed out, but two warriors had dragged him into cover.
Breen was heavily engaged fighting to dislodge the Zedds from the remaining four missile batteries, he had put one battery out of action with an explosive charge, but the Zedds were not giving up easily and were putting up very heavy resistance.  It was at this point that Adeeone arrived in the Lander.  With Adeetoo having come down to help him, they took out one of the Zedd batteries before the defenders had realised, they were under attack from the air.  The surprise didn't last long before the remaining batteries were firing missiles at the Landers, who were now fully engaged dodging and killing missiles to help any further in the battles that were raging all over the fort.
The Zedds in the bottom keep must have realised that now the attackers also had air power backing them, it was only a matter of time before the Zedd ship was attacked.  The Zedds regrouped and boarded their ship, while the Landers, were busy dodging missiles, they took off and disappeared into the night at high speed leaving the men on the missile launchers to continue the fight as best they could.
In a short time after they had departed the last battery was silenced when Breen’s men got close and killed the remaining Zedd with a barrage of laser blasts but not before Breen himself was hit, the laser blast taking his left hand off so cleanly that for a few moments, he didn't realise that he had been hit. Then Ancore gathered the remnants of the attack force, and with the Landers touching down in the lower keep, that is where they all gathered.  Apart from the nine Bhil who had not fought, of the fifty warriors that had attacked the fort only twenty-two remained, of them nine were wounded.
Adeeone and Adeetoo were out of the Landers tending the most badly wounded first.  Rogan was bad having taken a laser blast in the outer thigh of the right leg, it had missed the bone but had taken out a large chunk of muscle, with laser blasts the flesh was cauterised instantly so no blood loss, which was a blessing.  Now they had shock to deal with which could kill just as easily.  Adeetoo administered hot honey drinks to the injured while Adeeone, tended with sterile bandages the worst wounds then supervised the walking wounded.  Breen’s stump was dressed.  They brewed chai for the rest of the warriors before they took everybody back to Indraprastha in relays.
Glaina and Fantee now reunited with Breen and Nassel were happy to be rescued.  However, they were appalled at how many men’s lives the rescue attempt had cost.  Glaina was weeping for Breen over the loss of his left hand.  He in turn was also weeping but not about his hand, but at the state of Glaina and Fantee.  She told him about the torture and rape of them both by Indrajit, Ravana’s second in command.  In addition, how they had used drugs on them both eventually, to get them to reveal the co-ordinates of their home star system.  Breen was crying in rage and frustration, as he comforted Glaina telling her how brave, she and Fantee had been against such terrible odds.
The scene in Fantee and Nassel’s room was almost the same, Fantee weeping in shame as she told Nassel how Indrajit had raped and tortured her.  Finally, how he resorted to drugs when neither girl would divulge the co-ordinates of their home star system.  How under the influence of the drugs, both girls had divulged the whereabouts of their home star system.  Nassel embracing her telling her it was not her fault the tears streaming down his face as he comforted her.
Ancore had supervised Adeeone and Adeetoo to recover the bodies of all the raiding force and had them flown to Indraprastha, so they could receive the proper rites from their families.  Then she organised the return of the Bhil tribesmen and the broken body of one of their number.  On top of that, she next organised thirty-five goats to be transported to the Bhil.
The extra five were for the widow of the brave Bhil tribesman who had fallen to his death without making a sound.  When all had been taken care of.  There remained the body of Taskinti.  Ancore was not going to break her promise to him, she organised two Landers because all the crew except Rogan, who was confined to bed wanted to pay their respects.  Bhima also wished to pay his respects to a new friend and help to send him to join his beloved wife and children from the mountain home he loved.
They travelled in convoy the following morning and arrived in the valley at noon.  Landing they set about building the funeral pyre, on top of the remains of the pyre that he had built for his wife and children.  When all was ready, it was late afternoon, Taskinti’s neighbour had ridden over when he saw the Landers and helped them build the pyre.
Ancore told him, “We don't know if Taskinti had any living relatives,”
“I don't know of any,” he told her.
“If that is the case I think you should wait a year and a day, if no one comes to claim the property, then take it for yourself for being a good neighbour.”
He thanked her, and they gathered for the final ceremony around the pyre, they each held a cup of wine donated by Bhima for the occasion, and were waiting for sunset that was now only minutes away.
As the sun hit the dip in the valley and began to sink from sight the pyre was lit, and the assembled company drank a toast to the gods for allowing them to know such a fine man, and a devoted husband and father.
The neighbour had caught one of Taskinti’s finest stallions, which he now sacrificed so that Taskinti could ride proudly to meet his wife and children in the afterlife.  The crew stood around most with tears in their eyes as they bid a final farewell to their friend who had laid down his own life to save Ancore’s.
Bhima spoke to the company around the pyre, “Don't worry about death.  It is only a small step in the endless circle of life.  The soul merely casts off the old body and enters a new one, just as a person changes garments, death is only an illusion.”
As they watched the flames leaping skyward into the still of the evening, a gust of wind came from nowhere and swirled around the pyre causing a huge roar of flame and sparks to hurtle skyward in a twisting column that rose higher and higher until it finally disappeared high in the night sky.
They bid farewell to Taskinti’s neighbour.  Then taking off circled once, before flying back to Indraprastha.  After the crew and Bhima returned, they turned in.  It had been a very eventful day, and the debriefing could wait until tomorrow.
King Muktananda was much better the following day when the crew met him at breakfast, after breakfast, Ancore took it upon herself to tell the King about his family and the destruction of his palace.
He could not take in the awful truth at first, but when it had sunk in what the Zedds had done to his family and palace, his servants plus the fifty young maidens from the nearby town, he broke down and wept.
Then pulling himself together like the King he was he swore an oath to raise a huge army to assist the Pandava and the star people defeat the Kaurava and their merciless allies the Zedds.  Ancore promised to return him home that very day, but first he would need ships to transport his army to the mainland.
She had decided the only person who had enough ships to help them was the Emperor, she would take King Muktananda to the Emperor Bharata that very morning and try to gain an audience.  They left at ten a.m. and were flying over the emperor’s palace by one p.m.  They landed in the grounds just outside the palace and were greeted by Prime Minister Chakshu, who warmly welcomed them and ushered them into the presence of the Emperor.
He wanted to know all that had befallen them, since they had last met.  Ancore related all that had happened and asked the emperor if he would consent to help them further by sending a fleet of ships to convey the army King Muktananda was going home to raise.
Having heard of the King's ordeal and the loss of his entire family at the hands the evil Zedds the Emperor agreed readily and gave orders to Chakshu there and then to have his fleet assembled and ready to sail for Lanka by the end of the month to transport King Muktananda's army to the Indus delta.  From there, they would march overland to join the Pandava at Indraprastha.  The Emperor told them the armies he was raising here and in Harappa were almost ready to begin the march to Indraprastha, and to let the Pandava know that they were almost ready to march.  King Muktananda and Ancore thanked the Emperor and took their leave, as the quicker the King was back in Lanka, the sooner he could organise the raising of an army, and time was getting short as the armies of the Kaurava were growing month by month.
Ancore flew the king back to Lanka flying low and slow over the burnt-out  ruins of his palace, then taking him on to the nearest large town where he was greeted by his subjects who were so pleased to see their monarch safely returned that they were shedding tears of joy.
Ancore took her leave and flew back to Indraprastha when she landed, she immediately informed the Pandava of the Emperor's news, that his two armies were almost ready and would be marching for Indraprastha shortly.


########



Chapter Ten



They held the debrief that evening, and it is then that the Pandavas and the rest of the crew learn how Indrajit has raped and tortured both Fantee and Glaina in an effort to learn the whereabouts of the Coorgis home star system.  When that failed, he had resorted to drugs and both Fantee and Glaina were forced to talk.  The Zedds now had confirmed co-ordinates for their home system.
“These Zedds are worse than sane minds can envisage,” pronounced Yudhishthira, after hearing Fantee and Glaina’s stories, “they should be put to death by impalement at the soonest opportunity,” he railed.
Ancore spoke, “one thing we must do is annihilate the Zedd before they can find a way to transmit this information back to their high command.  Therefore, our highest priority is to seek out and destroy the Zedds wherever they are hiding.”
“Easier said than done Ancore,” Nassel interjected, “have you noticed that only one ship was at the fort, Ravana and the other ship haven't been seen for at least a month now, so where are they, and what diabolical plans are they hatching for us.”
“Now that you mention it, we haven't seen a sign of the other Zedd ship for a long time now.  We should have seen it flying around while Adeetoo was flying top cover radar watch, but there has been no sign of it for at least a month as you say Nassel.  This makes it even more imperative that we locate and deal with these Zedd ships before they can deal us a blow we may never recover from,” counselled Ancore.
“I think it would be prudent for us to have both Adeeone and Adeetoo flying very high radar watch, widely separated and flying high enough.  They could cover this continent and its neighbours as far as the Nippon islands in the east and the Pharaoh lands in the west,” said Nassel.
“That is a splendid idea Nassel, but one of us will have to go up in one Lander.  Adeetoo is required to look after the wounded and cannot be spared for high cover duties now.  He can keep in touch with the high cover Landers by coded radio messages and stand watch in the remaining Lander whenever he is not tending the wounded, the able bodied among us will have to take turns, flying high cover until we have some positive evidence of where the Zedd ships are located,” replied Ancore.
Glaina put her hand to her mouth and suddenly suppressed a cry, Ancore quick to see that something or some thought had frightened Glaina.
She asked, “Glaina what's the matter, are you feeling all right?”
She replied hesitantly at first, “Oh Ancore a terrible thought just crossed my mind, suppose the Zedds have returned to the red planet.  They could be trying to salvage weapons from the remains of the mother ship and relaunch the distress buoy, we found down in the canyon, if you remember we did not destroy it.  It's still there sending out its message.”
Ancore looked thunderstruck for a few moments before she visibly gathered herself together, “now you have mentioned the red planet, we will have to check it out, if that is where they have disappeared to, and while there, also knock out that damn distress buoy.”
Nassel spoke out, “I would like to volunteer for this mission.  I do have first-hand experience of the Zedd mother ship, and the distress buoy down in the canyon.  If I could take Adeeone or Adeetoo with me that would be useful as they do not require food, water or oxygen, allowing me to carry extra stocks of these consumables for myself.  The Lander with the pulsed laser weapon would I think be ideal for this mission,” he concluded.
Fantee looked heart broken, “Nassel.  How could you go off to the red planet and leave me here alone,” she cried.
“Fantee my love, someone has to go to investigate.  I am the obvious choice.  Rogan is badly injured.  Breen has lost his left hand; you and Glaina have been through enough.  Ancore is needed here to organise things.  That leaves me as the only able-bodied person left to carry out the mission.  I also have the advantage of having been there before so I know what is in store for me, can't you see this is something that I have to do my love,” he appealed to her.
“Yes, I do see dearest heart, but I still don't like it,” she sobbed.
Glaina put her arm around her comforting her, “it's only a quick recce he's going on he will be back before you know it,” she said trying to comfort her friend.
Breen made a suggestion, “If Nassel is volunteering to go to the red planet, I would like to volunteer to fly top cover.  We can't spare Adeetoo as he is busy tending to the wounded and Adeeone will be going with Nassel, my wound is healing, and with the pills Adeetoo has supplied me with it is surprisingly painless, this way I will feel I am doing something useful,” he added looking at Glaina.
She smiled at him indulgently, “good idea my love, Fantee and myself will take turns manning the remaining Lander and taking messages.”
Ancore smiled for the first time in a long while, what a magnificent crew she thought, “thank you all, for volunteering.  I suggest we complete the top cover change over tomorrow morning, Nassel and Adeeone can depart at the same time, meanwhile I suggest all of us get the laser armed Lander ready for its long voyage to the red planet.  It will need extra liquid oxygen tanks fitting and filling plus extra water tanks, then all the space suits will need checking and the Lander has to be stocked with a large selection of cuisine as food is all Nassel will have to look forward to on this long voyage.”
Fantee smiled at last, “Knowing my Nassel the replicator will be reprogrammed with all the dishes that aren't good for him the moment he thinks I can no longer see him.”
They got to work preparing the Lander for the trip to the red planet.  Ancore informed Adeeone and Adeetoo of the new plans, when everything was ready for the morning, they had a light meal and retired for the night.
The following morning the changeover was completed, breakfast was over and there was nothing left to do but get on with the mission.  Both Breen and Nassel had said their goodbyes, and now they lifted off together one stopping in the upper atmosphere, the other carried on building up speed as it finally left the atmosphere behind and started the long haul to the moon.
There it would use the moon's gravity to increase speed yet further before it slingshot off to the red planet.  As Fantee had thought, Nassel had reprogrammed the replicator to produce all his favourite foods, and then Adeeone and Nassel spent a lot of time playing word games and chaturanga.  It would take them almost a month to rendezvous with the red planet.
Breen plotted one of the Zedd ships visiting the Kaurava at Hastinapura during the night.  It left early morning sending a coded radio message that lasted three minutes before it streaked eastward and finally disappeared off the screen.
Things were moving all over the country; the Emperor’s armies from Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa had at last started out to join the Pandava army at Indraprastha.  The emperor was as good as his word and a huge fleet of over two hundred and eighty ships, each ship capable of taking over seven hundred passengers had assembled at the mouth of the Indus.  They were loading the final amphora of water and foodstuffs ready to sail south to Lanka to transport the King of Lanka's army to the mainland.
Over in the east King Yalambar of the Kirati was leaving the valley of Kathmandu with a large army that was slowly making its way west toward Indraprastha to join the Pandava army.
Rogan was getting much better, the salve and the pills removed any pain.  He was now chafing at the bit to get out of his charpoy and get about the palace and grounds Adeetoo had decided that it would be better to allow him out of bed and start learning to walk again.  The laser blast had removed part of the upper thigh muscle on the outside of the right leg.  This muscle was not going to regrow so now Rogan had to learn to walk without it.  He would always limp and require a stick to help him to walk for the rest of his life.
Arjuna and Bhima were engaged in producing rockets for the rocket firing carts.  They were simple rockets fired with a twisted cloth, and black powder fuse.  The head of the rockets contained explosive powder and small pebbles, ignited by a pin in the head of the rocket that fired a striker of flint.  The other type of rocket they were producing was the liquid fire rocket the head of the rocket contained a mixture of petroleum and calcium phosphate; mixing lime, bones and urine together, with sawdust.  This was separated, from the rocket's propellant by a wad of thickly greased cloth.  These rockets were designed to be fired on a high trajectory above the enemy, where they ignited in midair, and fell on the enemy in sheets of fire that was very difficult to put out.  The other fire weapon they were making was designed to be fired by catapult, it consisted of sacks of pine sawdust mixed with pitch, sulphur, tow and granulated frankincense.  The secret of this mixture had been handed down to the Pandava through the generations.  Each type of rocket was painted a different colour.  Wet fire rockets were red, and the explosive rockets were yellow.  Each rocket was approximately two metres long.
After a week in high orbit, Breen was brought down and Fantee took up his duty on high radar watch, after another week Glaina would relieve Fantee, then Breen would relieve Glaina, until they had firm intelligence of the Zedds whereabouts or Nassel returned, whichever came first.
The weeks passed slowly for Nassel, every week he would communicate to the crew and Fantee by a coded message, but things were slow on the third planet.  Meanwhile, the red planet grew day by day in the view screen, and finally, he had arrived.  During the trip, he had been monitoring the x- band for Zedd distress beacons, he had found one early in his flight and had been plotting co-ordinates for it.  The beacon was over three hundred thousand kilometres into its journey, which would eventually take it clear of this system and on into deep space.  With his daily plots, he hoped to be able to fix the course of the distress buoy out of this system and have a good idea of its destination, if they had launched it toward their home system, he would be able to extrapolate the whereabouts of their home system from the data he had already collected.
He circled the red planet twice altering his trajectory so that he was travelling along the length of the giant series of canyons that stretched across the face of the red planet for over four thousand kilometres.  He saw no sign of Zedds and eventually risked a radar scan of the canyon in which the Zedd mother ship was buried.  It showed the mother ship but no other presence.  The radiation monitors were only picking up one radiation source the mother ship.
Nassel sent a coded message back to the third planet saying he was about to enter the canyon to investigate further.  He steered the Lander down into the canyon the sun was shining into the canyon, and it was quite bright down here very different from the last time he was here.
The Lander slid along the canyon homing in on the Zedd mother ship.  When he arrived, he was amazed at the work that had gone on, nearly a third of the ships upper works had been cleared of sand, and a huge hole had been cut into her, it must have been at least seven metres long toward the centre of the ship.  He hovered the Lander above the hole and could see racks of long tubular objects in a huge bay beneath him; some of the racks were empty.  He decided to land and then investigate on foot.  Parking beside the hole and putting on a space suit, he took a flash light and a length of rope, leaving the Lander in command of Adeeone, “Keep an eye open for Zedds,” he told Adeeone before leaving the Lander.  He did not need the rope.  On one side of the hole, he found a set of crudely constructed steps.  He descended down into the bowels of the Zedd ship, looking around he decided he was in an armoury and started taking a closer look at the racks of tubes.
Suddenly, it dawned on him what it was he was looking at.  They were atomic missiles, racks of them.  Each missile was about six metres long the rear part of the missile was a fuel tank and a rocket engine.  The centre section was a guidance computer system, and the front section contained the warhead.  He knew because he stood in front of one that had its covers stripped off it, for some reason.  Looking at the smooth round warhead, he knew it was a nuclear device.
He checked the whole bay and determined that at least five missiles were minus warheads, and three empty racks made him think the Zedds had loaded three missiles and an extra five warheads aboard the daughter ship before they had departed.
They had also recovered the distress buoy and sent it on its way, presumably when the girls had been broken and the Zedds had learned of the Coorgis home system co-ordinates, they were radioed to the Zedds up here, who had incorporated that information in the distress beacon before launching it toward deep space.
“Adeeone leave the Lander and come down here I need your expertise,” called Nassel on the intercom.
“Yes Nassel,” replied Adeeone as he made his way down into the Zedd mother ship.
When he arrived, Nassel was standing peering into the centre section of the missile that had the covers stripped off it.
Nassel asked him, “What do you make of this computer section Adeeone, could it be used to set up a delayed triggering of the nuclear warhead.”
Adeeone looked into the centre section then began tracing wires to different places inside the missile.  After examining the workings for several minutes he pronounced, “yes by setting these four switches into the correct sequence then dialling in the delay required here on this keypad and setting the main arming switch there to on, the missile will detonate at the set time interval.”
“Brilliant Adeeone, please set this missile to self-destruct in twelve hours from now, and then I think we should dismantle two of these warheads to take with us.  They could come in very useful for a later date.”  They found a spare tool kit in one of the lockers and stripping two warheads from the missiles loaded them on the Lander.  This took them almost two hours to accomplish.
They took off and headed for space accelerating all the way to their rendezvous with the third planet.  Ten hours later, an enormous flash lit up the canyon on the red planet causing a vast cloud of dust to spread like a red stain across the face of the planet.
“Well that has stopped them using their mother ship as a supply depot Adeeone,” chortled Nassel pleased with the results of the trip so far, “With a bit of luck, we will also be able determine where their home system is located.”  Nassel sent a coded message back to the rest of the crew telling them what he and Adeeone had accomplished on the red planet, also what time he would be due back on the third planet.
The Emperor’s fleet had reached the island of Lanka, and anchored in a sheltered bay while rafts and slings were used to load elephants and horses.  It had been the intention to transport the army to the Indus river delta, but the Lankan army was so huge it would take many trips back and forth to carry the army to the river Indus.
The admiral had conferred with King Muktananda, and they had decided that the most sensible course of action was to ferry the whole army across the narrow straits to the mainland.  Then for the King and the army to march up country from there, meanwhile the fleet would sail back empty to the Indus delta and report to the Emperor.
The largest army unit was an Akshauhini.  This consisted of 65,610 cavalry.  109,350 Infantry.  21,870 Chariots.  21,870 Elephants In the ratio of 1 chariot, 1 Elephant, 3 cavalry and 5 infantrymen per fighting group.  In all the King of Lanka had raised an army of three-quarters of a million men.  All the able horses on the island had been commandeered, along with all the available elephants.  The horses amounted to almost one hundred thousand, and the elephants numbered thirty thousand.  Apart from this large force, King Muktananda had sent emissaries to the King of Kamboja to enlist the aid of the Kamboja cavalry, some of the finest cavalry known.  Promising them, gold, pearls, and emeralds if they rode into battle on the side of the Pandava and Lankan army.
The admiral had decided in consultation with King Muktananda that the army would be landed farther up the Cola peninsular at a port called Arikaveda.  This would leave the army a march of about two thousand kilometres before they could join the Pandava army, the march would take them about two hundred days or roughly six and a half months to complete.
Nassel and Adeeone had arrived back at Indraprastha, to the great joy of Fantee, who had missed him terribly, and the rest of the crew.  When he showed them the nuclear warheads he had brought back with him, the crew were overjoyed.  They had another weapon to use in the continuing war against the Zedd, that it was one of the Zedds own weapons added to the feeling of euphoria among the crew.
Rogan was getting around using a stick to assist him walking, but it was still early days, as Adeetoo had impressed on him.  He would get fitter and more agile as time went on, eventually the limp would be hardly noticed, but he would always require a stick to help him.
All of Indraprastha and its surrounding towns and villages were fully engaged in the war effort.  Chariots and carts are being built everywhere, bows, shields, arrows, swords, lances, maces and armour, were being churned out by hordes of tradesmen of the various guilds.  All the princes and those able to afford it favoured the wearing of chain mail it was so much more comfortable to wear and gave equal protection as the cumbersome armour.  The war bows, they were making stood higher than a man did, and the arrows were three metres long.  They are fired by the archer putting one of his feet on the centre of the bow, and drawing the bow as far back as possible using his body and arms, while still aiming the bow.  The arrow once released would at a range of over a hundred metres, penetrate any known armour, skewer horses and elephants; it was a deadly weapon in skilled hands.
The Pandava commissary officers were already scouring the neighbouring countries and purchasing goats, pigs, and chickens, maize, rice, beans, peas, cooking bananas, salted fish, and fresh fruits of all descriptions.  Fresh water was being stored in huge spring fed tanks; it required an army of transport wagons to fetch all the food and water required by the assembling armies.  Pandava commissary officers were continually coming across Kaurava commissary officers also trying to purchase foodstuff and future crops from the same peoples, this had led almost to open warfare in some places, and squadrons of cavalry now protected the commissary officers.  On both sides, the hostilities were growing by the month.  Food was being sought further, and further afield, herds were being driven toward Hastinapura and Indraprastha to feed the growing armies from over a thousand kilometres distance.
Caravans from all over the continent were converging on either Hastinapura or Indraprastha with general goods, clothing, food delicacies, wine, horses, and elephants, women camp followers, dancers, jugglers, soothsayers, and fortune tellers, story tellers, acrobats, apothecaries. The lands of Hastinapura and Indraprastha were having their populations increased daily, and all these people required food and water.  The lands appeared full to bursting with soldiers and civilians, and thousands more streamed in every day.
In the air, Adeeone was back flying top cover.  It was at the height of the day that that he first detected it.  He immediately sent a signal to the ground watch Lander and contacted Rogan, who sent a runner to fetch Ancore and the rest of the crew.  When they arrived, Rogan passed on the message from Adeeone, a Zedd ship was heading for the Indus valley at high speed, it had appeared from somewhere in the land of Chini, and was currently passing over the Himalayan foothills if it maintained its course it would pass over the city of Harappa in around an hour’s time.  Ancore and Rogan decided to take one Lander, Nassel and Fantee took the other one.  Breen and Glaina had gone on a picnic, it would take too long to locate them, so they were left behind, speed was of the utmost importance if they were to try to catch the Zedd ship.
They took off and headed northwest toward Harappa, trying to head off the Zedd ship and get it in range, the quicker they could annihilate the Zedds the better they would feel.  They watched the ship on radar.  It would reach Harappa long before they could, it must have known that the Landers were chasing it, and that it was under radar surveillance, but it did not alter course, it obviously had an important mission.
As the Zedds closed on Harappa, the ship started to climb and levelled off at forty thousand feet.
“What are they up to Rogan,” asked Ancore?
“I think they are on a bombing run, and we are too far away to be able to stop them,” he answered glumly.  They did not need to guess anymore.  The heat flash seared the Landers, although they were still miles away.  Then the blast hit tumbling them over before the autopilots could compensate, both pilots of the Landers, turned them away from the horror that had been Harappa.
The two Lander crews sat stunned, watching the evil flame filled cloud roiling higher and higher over what had been a bustling and vibrant city, which had been wiped from the face of the planet.
“Quick the diabolical swine are heading for Mohenjo-Daru called Nassel over the radio.”
Rogan replied he had been working out trajectories, “Nassel, we will never catch them in time.  We need to use our brains, after Mohenjo-Daru the Zedds will have to turn north or south to double back home.  We can increase our chances of intercepting them if we split up; we will go north of them.  You go south.  Whichever way they turn, they will find one of us closing in on them.”
Nassel replied glumly, “Yes Rogan, I've just run the figures.  We will go south of them woe betide them if they turn our way.”  They could do nothing more for now, except be spectators to the evil unfolding before them.
The flash was brighter than fifty suns, and the blast rocked the Landers but this time they were very much farther away and ready for it.  Rogan called Adeeone down to intercept if the Zedd carried straight on.
Ten minutes later, they must have realised that they could not run for cover this time.  Frantic radio messages are being sent by the Zedds.
“They are heading our way,” called Nassel, who was veering to intercept them as they swung south out over the ocean then headed for the continent's western shore.
They crossed the coast just below the large bulge of the coastline; Bleee Blah Bleee Blah the missile alarm went off.  Nassel turned it down as Fantee switched the rail gun to automatic; the computer locked on to the missiles and started a defensive fire.  Three rounds took out both missiles, and the Zedd ship was now jinking around the sky as Fantee targeted it and fired.  Her first disc missed but her second clipped the edge of the Zedd ship damaging it but not enough to bring it down.
Bleee Blah Bleee Blah missiles were pouring from the Zedd ship; Fantee really had her hands full now trying to knock out the missiles that were pouring from the Zedd ship threatening to overwhelm them by sheer weight of numbers.
Nassel had started jinking now and although Fantee was knocking out missiles as fast as she could the range was shortening rapidly, very soon now they would be hit.
Rogan and Adeeone were frantically trying to close on the Zedd ship, but neither of them dare fire at the missiles as the two ships were too close together at this range from them, they were likely to hit the Lander.
The intercom was open and Fantee had unconsciously started singing the battle hymn of the United Planets, as she was fully engaged knocking out the incoming missiles.
Nassel was jinking violently, Adeeone being closest fired a long-range  burst of laser fire at the Zedd ship, although he hit it, it didn't appear to have any effect at that extreme range, Rogan was too far away to do anything but watch and pray as events unfolded.
With both ships jinking all over the sky one of Fantee’s shots at the missiles missed, but hit the Zedd ship on its port upper works.  It started trailing smoke and slowed fractionally; at the same time, Fantee hit a missile that was too close and the Lander staggered, wobbling before it managed to right itself.
Both ships seemed to dive before they tried to pull away from each other, but it was too late at the combined speed they were travelling.  They collided in midair.  The Lander appeared to come off worse, and all sound from it ceased except a rising roar over the intercom, as the vessel spiralled downwards out of control.  Rogan was frantically calling Nassel but there was no reply.
Ancore called to him, “they must have lost consciousness in the collision.”  Nevertheless, he kept continuously calling Nassel and receiving no reply.  The other two Landers began to come to the realisation that maybe Nassel and Fantee were not going to make it, as their ship plummeted faster and faster in a vicious spin heading for the ground far below.
The Zedd ship was also in a crisis.  It had stood on its side, smoke pouring through a rent in the vessel, suddenly a red explosion from within blossomed and the vessel now plunged vertically toward the ground, both the Lander and the Zedd ship trajectories bringing them closer and closer together.  It happened about Five hundred feet above the ground.  The two ships collided the flash was so bright that Adeeone's eye protectors automatically deployed, and both Landers were hurled like match sticks in a maelstrom end over end, the automatic seats trying frantically to compensate until both pilots managed to bring their craft under control.
A huge fireball was roiling upwards, both craft raced away from the awful apparition as fast as they could go.  The blast had been enormous racing outwards in a huge ring at the speed of sound, now both pilots checked their craft for damage before the blast hit them again on its return journey back to the centre of the blast where it all began.
They circled at a safe distance appalled at what had happened the two craft had exploded near a river, which had promptly turned to super-heated steam and boiled away for kilometres in each direction.  Huge fires were burning in the underbrush several miles from the centre of the explosion in a vast circle.  The epicentre of the explosion had been at a place they later found out was called Vindhyacala on the Normod River.  Luckily, there were no settlements hereabouts.
They circled for almost half an hour hardly being able to take in the awful turn of events that had claimed the lives of Fantee and Nassel, although they had seen it, it was so hard to believe they were gone forever.
Ancore spoke for all the crew, “Nassel and Fantee, we hope that you have found everlasting peace in the great hereafter.  You will both live in our memories for as long as we exist, farewell until we all meet again.”
The circular crater left by the blast must have been over two thousand metres in diameter it had been the most powerful explosion any of them could imagine.  They talked about it on the way back to Indraprastha and decided the Zedd ship must have had at least one nuclear device left plus its propulsion system.  The Lander had at least five hundred mini hydrogen bomb discs aboard and its nuclear reactor to power the antigravity system.  No wonder it had been such an enormous explosion.
When they arrived back at Indraprastha and told Breen and Glaina the awful news they were devastated especially Glaina the tears fell from her cheeks in rivulets, she and Fantee had become so very close during captivity.  Ancore addressed the remaining crew, “we have lost two of our shipmates and close friends; let it be known that the entry in the captain’s log reads as follows.  Nassel Srinath security and weapons officer along with his mate Fantee Ellama communications specialist did this day engage single-handedly a Zedd enemy flying machine that had just dropped nuclear bombs on two civilian cities on the third planet wiping them from the face of the planet.  They flew their Lander at the Zedd ship, which they immediately attacked with utmost determination, and great courage.  During the engagement although damaged, they nevertheless pressed home the attack badly crippling the enemy machine.  Both machines then collided in midair and fell toward the surface of the third planet before again colliding just above the ground.  Both were annihilated in an enormous nuclear blast.  I recommend that both officers be awarded posthumously the highest honour a grateful system can bestow, the diamond cluster medal of valour, respectfully captain Ancore of the late Deep Space Survey Vessel Seven.”
The whole crew was glad that Nassel and Fantee had been put forward in the captain’s log for the medal of valour, but grieving for the loss of their friends and crewmates.
The Pandava could not believe that Harappa and Mohenjo-Daru had been wiped off the face of the planet, they impressed on the crew that they were never to mention the destruction of the emperor and the cities of Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa, even among themselves.
As Yudhishthira explained to them, “my friends, if the Emperor’s armies that are en-route heard about this, they might not fight.  Especially if they know, the emperor will not pay them, as he and his treasury have been vaporised.  Everywhere, there are spies, which is why I ask you not to talk about this among yourselves, even now we may be too late, even the walls have ears hereabouts”
The crew agreed to keep quiet about what had happened.  Ancore asked Yudhishthira, “Will not the fact that one Lander plus Nassel and Fantee are missing arouse curiosity, especially among any spies around the palace.”
“You are right Ancore, we must come up with a feasible story of why they aren't here.  My idea is that we let it be known that Nassel and Fantee along with one Lander have gone to help the Emperor with an important project in Mohenjo-Daru.”  The rest of the Pandava and the crew agreed, it was casually leaked that Nassel, and Fantee had gone to Mohenjo-Daru in one of the Landers to assist the Emperor.
Rogan sent Adeeone back up in the laser armed Lander to fly top cover, Adeetoo had few doctor duties now and could stand more watches manning the radio in the Lander, and he did every night watch, as he did not require sleep.  They still needed to know where the Zedd flying machine was; it was thought they had a base somewhere in the land of the Chini over the Himalayas, as that was where the destroyed Zedd ship had come from.  They must be extra vigilant now, as the war loomed closer.
For the next two months, they busied themselves in teaching the Pandava army Kalarippayat and helping the Pandava in any way they could.  The Zedd ship arrived one night at the Kaurava palace at Hastinapura and stayed.  Spies reported that Ravana was in charge of a top-secret building project and Chini metallurgists had been brought in to assist, the only other information was that metal ores were being smelted, and metal was being fabricated.  The rest was shrouded in secrecy, as the Chini were kept in their own special compound.
King Yalambar of the Kirati arrived with his army.  The Pandava prepared a great feast for their staunch ally, and the crew were presented to him.  He was a short stocky man with twinkling brown eyes, and mustachioed.  Ancore was reminded of Taskinti when she met him, he had the same sort of warmth of character.  His tribe the Kirati, Yudhishthira told her later was one of the poorer tribes, compared to some in the countryside around who had great wealth.  Even so, he had raised a great army in support of the Pandava cause, and they in turn thought very highly of King Yalambar.
“He is a very astute King and treats his peoples with absolute fairness; because of this, they adore him and would follow him to the ends of the planet.  Which is why he has managed to bring seven hundred thousand men and two hundred thousand horses plus goats, sheep, ox, and yak by the thousands to help feed and clothe his men, who are some of the finest fighting men you will come across on this planet Ancore,” he told her.
“Do you know where you will fight this war, do you have a place picked out that you can study, how is the place of battle decided,” she asked him.
“So many questions it makes my head spin,” he replied laughing.
“To answer your question both sides decide where the battle will be fought and how the battle will be fought.
As Kshatriya, we have a duty of honour.  Peoples who are not combatant will not be harmed.  The fields, crops, trees, and dwellings of the subjects who tend the land will not be harmed; neither will any of the peoples of the land.  The war will be strictly conducted amongst the warriors of the opposing armies.”
“We have a game we call Chaturanga,” Ancore told him, “this is a game of warfare developed long ago by my people when they were planning battle strategy.  It would let them decide what the outcome of a battle would be, without committing any troops; the whole idea of the game is to force the opposing king to surrender with whatever troops he has left at his disposal.”
When the Pandava heard about planning the outcome of battle strategy without using troops, they became consumed with curiosity. 
“Can you explain this Chaturanga to us,” asked Yudhishthira.
Ancore asked him to wait for a moment and fetched her and Rogan’s set from their room.  She put the board in the middle of the table and set up the pieces.
“As you can see the board is eight squares by eight squares this is to represent the countryside the battles are fought in, divided into squares for ease of representation.  Each side has a King or Raj, and a Councillor or Senapati, and in your battle arrays these pieces would be two battle elephants or Gaja, these two cavalry horses or Asva, these two chariots, or Ratha, and then eight foot soldiers or Bhata all these pieces represent your army.  The King can move one square at a time, the Councillor can move in any direction as far as he can,” Ancore continued the explanation of the game.
Then showed Yudhishthira by playing a game with him how to use the various pieces, he and his brothers were agog.  It only took three games with them all watching and suggesting moves, for them to learn all the moves the various pieces could, or were allowed to make that corresponded to what a real army could do.
“This is wonderful Ancore,” crowed Yudhishthira, who along with his brothers had quickly grasped the principles of the game.
They could see the benefit of practising moves and counter moves and seeing the outcome without actually committing the army.  “May I take this and get it copied by my master carpenter Ancore,” he asked.
“Please do,” she replied delighted that the Pandava brothers were so taken by the game.
After the Pandavas had taken their leave and departed with the Chaturanga set, Ancore asked the rest of the crew, “What are we going to do about Ravana and his ship that is now parked in Hastinapura?”  Rogan replied, “I find these reports about Chini metal workers and a secret production of whatever they are engaged in, very disturbing indeed, would it be possible to overfly them at high altitude and see what they are up to.”
Breen spoke up, “I agree with Rogan, we should try by all means possible to find out what these fiends are up to.”
“If their ship is parked at Hastinapura.  Why don’t we attack it and wipe them out,” asked Glaina?
“That might be easier said than done,” answered Rogan.  “You can't believe they have left the ship unprotected.  It is bound to be ringed with missile launchers and a crew aboard just in case they don't want to stay and fight.”
Ancore spoke, “we have just lost Fantee and Nassel in a fight to the death with one of their craft.  They are not stupid, and they can give as good as they get, and I for one do not intend attacking them so soon.  When we do the odds will have to be far more in our favour.”
The rest of the crew agreed with Ancore’s sentiments.
“What about a high level recce then,” asked Breen?
It was agreed, and as it was getting late Adeetoo was instructed to contact Adeeone flying high cover and get him to drift over Hastinapura the following day to try to find out what was being fabricated in the secret compounds.


########



Chapter Eleven



The following day just after dawn, Adeeone sent his Lander drifting slowly over the capital city and palaces of Hastinapura.  From forty thousand feet, he started taking Tri-Dee images of his screen to transmit back to the crew.  He zoomed in on the compounds but on two of them, all he could see was a covered roof of palm fronds, which had obviously, been put up rapidly as an afterthought.
The Zedds were quick, obviously tracking the Lander, as their crew boarded the ship at the run, and they took off, and streaked away to the east.  They were clearly not inclined to seek a confrontation.
Adeeone tracked the Zedd ship until it went out of range over the horizon as he had gathered all the Tri-Dee images that were needed, he drifted the Lander back to its original position over the Pandava palace at Indraprastha, there he transmitted his pictures and the report of the Zedd ship speeding off towards the east.
Adeetoo in the Lander on the ground recorded the transmission from Adeeone onto a disc and took it into the palace seeking Ancore, who he found in the lounge conferring with the rest of the crew over a beaker of chai.  He loaded the disc in the Tri-Dee projector, and made his report.
“This is the recording of Adeeone's recce over the Hastinapura compounds this morning, Adeeone also reports the Zedd ship tracked him, and its crew boarded and the ship took off, flying rapidly away to the east until it was lost over the horizon captain.” “Thank you Adeetoo,” she replied, “would you switch the projector on before you return to radio watch,” she asked him.
The picture lit up the centre of the table.  The compounds were clearly visible there were four altogether.  The first two compounds were taken up with metal production, in one was a large kiln and leading straight from this were crude rolling mills for producing sheet metal.  Water was being used copiously, pumped by motor driven pumps.  The other two compounds were roofed and shrouded in mystery; there was no hint of what is being manufactured inside them.
“Well, this does not help us in discovering what it is the Zedds are busy producing inside the compounds it is obviously highly secret.  We can only guess that it is some sort of weapon they are building to help the Kaurava in the war that draws closer day by day.”  Ancore was disappointed with the results of the recce; it did not shed any light on what the Zedds were building inside their secret compounds.
Rogan saw how despondent Ancore had become since the deaths of Fantee and Nassel, but he just could not think what he could do to help pull her out of herself if only for a few hours.  He thought he might confide his worries with Glaina maybe she could think of something, although she was not in good shape either now he thought about it.  It was this seeming inactivity that was getting everyone wound up.  When they were in the thick of it they did not have time to worry about themselves, maybe the sooner this war got under way the better for us all, he thought.
The Lankan army was making good time and would arrive in another two weeks, and a report had been received that a mounted army from the east the famed Kamboja cavalry was en route and would arrive within the month.  Several days passed uneventfully.
Rogan and Breen had organised a picnic for Ancore and Glaina.  They had invited Queen Kunti and Princess Draupadi and her three young children.  Heir to the Kingdom after Yudhishthira would be the eldest son of Draupadi, who was three and could already wrap his doting mother around his fat little fingers.  His name is Hemaraj, the other two children; girls aged two and one.  Whose names were Husna and Tunushri.  They met on the banks of a clear water pool lined with fruit trees and pleasure hillocks, the pools contained water lilies and wonderful coloured fish darting here and there.  Ducks, geese and waterfowl abounded.  Peacocks roamed freely and the air was sweet with bird song.
The servants had laid out a splendid feast in the shade of the trees, and wine was cooling in an amphora in the lake.
“Come, sit next to me Ancore and tell me all about the rescue of Fantee and Glaina,” commanded Queen Kunti as the crew approached the picnic area.  Ancore sat down next to the queen, while Draupadi and Glaina sat next to each other and started chatting about the children who were trying to feed and catch the ducks.
Ancore spent ten minutes describing the rescue at the fort.  The queen was hiding her mouth with her hand, trying to hide the fact that her jaw kept dropping as the tale unfolded, when Ancore finished, she pulled herself together.
“Thank you  Ancore, my sons do not confide all these details when telling the story, only who was saved and who was killed, maybe they think their mother shouldn't be subjected to such awful tales, now I would like to hear how Nassel and Fantee died.”
“I have been sworn to secrecy by your sons on this matter,”   Ancore told her.
“Why is that,” asked the queen.
“They are afraid that spies will relay every word uttered here at the palace, to the Kaurava.”
“I understand your reluctance to tell me anything under these circumstances, but surely here in the open with no one, but us present you could make an exception,” the queen replied.
“Your highness we are surrounded by servants, child minders and some of your lady companions, just who can be trusted among this assembly I cannot know.  I can tell you that Nassel and Fantee flying one of our Landers attacked a Zedd flying warship.  During the ensuing battle, both the Zedd and Nassel and Fantee’s Lander were badly damaged.  Due to this damage they collided in midair and fell to earth where they were both utterly destroyed by a fireball.”
“Thank you my dear,” replied the queen, “I know you must think I am a stupid old woman, but it is very hard for me to accept that warfare between cousins is inevitable.  I can only think that it will end destroying the whole family eventually, and I dread the thought of it.”
“Do not despair your highness, none knows what the future will bring, so live each day as it comes and try not to worry what the future might or might not hold in store for you.”  Ancore replied trying to comfort her as she realised that the queen was deeply worried for the safety of her family and not privy to a lot of information about what was really going on.
Glaina was busy telling Draupadi about the ordeal herself, and Fantee had endured at the hands of the Zedd, Indrajit.  Draupadi was extremely sympathetic having endured similar sorts of humiliation at the hands of Duryodhana, his brother Duhsasana and the evil Jayadratha a brother-in-law to the Kauravas, who during the exile of the Pandava had tried to kidnap her.
“Have you thought about having children Glaina,” she asked.
“No when we sign up for a mission we agree to have a small operation which makes us sterile for the length of the mission,” she replied.
“Oh does that mean you can never have children,” she enquired.
“No it just means that when we finish a mission we can decide then if we want the operation reversed to enable us to bear children,” Glaina told her.
“Now that you are marooned here is it possible to have the operation reversed if you wish to have children,” Draupadi asked.
“Yes,” replied Glaina, “but I do not feel inclined to get pregnant while we are at war with the Zedds, and the prospect of a major war looms closer every day,” she answered.  Draupadi leant and hugged Glaina.  "I am so glad I have met you.  You are a lovely person, and you haven't let the horrors that have befallen you affect you,” as she hugged her, the tears rolled down her cheeks falling on Glaina’s shoulder.
Glaina did her best to comfort this beautiful woman, “do not weep Draupadi, you have a wonderful son and heir, and two lovely girls who adore you, five husbands and a kind mother-in-law, can you not forget your humiliation at the hands of the Kaurava and look forward, to basking in the love of your family.  Continuously look back to the awful experiences of the past, it will embitter you and cause you to dry up and wither inside.  But if you can put it behind you and bask in the love of your family, you will bloom inside and blossom because of it,” she counselled her as she gently disengaged herself from Draupadi's embrace and looked her in the eyes.  “You need to be strong for your family's sake because although you do not realise it, it is your strength that keeps the family strong and able to deal with all the outside problems, now dry your eyes before you make me all soggy.”
“Thank you Glaina, I feel so much better having heard your story and confided in you, your advice is very sound and I shall try very hard to follow it.”
“Tell me how you came to be in this country, my dear,” the queen asked Ancore.
“It is a long story but I shall relate it simply, that you might understand why we are here and why we detest the Zedds as much as we do your highness.”  Ancore then launched into a simplified version of all that had befallen her and the crew, since they were brought out of hibernation near this star system, when the story ended the queen realised that all the crew were Kings and Queens of Kodagu, also why the crew hated the Zedds so vehemently.
Queen Kunti apologised to Ancore, “my dear Ancore.  I had no idea that you held royal titles, and are a Queen, please accept my apology, why did nobody tell me this,” she wailed, “and stop calling me your highness at once, she added.”
“We do not have Kings and Queens on the planet we come from, so it was gratifying to receive a title in this land.  We have never used the titles except once when we went to claim the Kingdom," Ancore confided.
“Are you happy here on our planet my dear,” the queen asked her?
“When we first landed here near Taxila, we were a very happy and carefree crew, although we knew there was the possibility the Zedds were also on this planet somewhere.  However, since we found out for sure that the Zedds were here, and had our first encounter with them; things have looked worse every day.  Gone is the everyday laughter, and now we have lost good friends and our shipmates Fantee and Nassel because of the Zedds.  We find it harder and harder each day to find anything to be light-hearted about.  We are becoming unforgiving, and I fear fixated to the exclusion of anything else on the coming war between your family and their cousins the Kaurava, and the total destruction of the Zedds.  We are become grim,” she finished, looking beyond this world into a forbidding future.
Queen Kunti patted Ancore’s hand, snapping her back to the present.
“Come my dear we must not dwell any longer on these negative thoughts, would you like a beaker of wine and some of these delicious sweetmeats.”
“Thank you,” replied Ancore taking a sweetmeat from the proffered tray, “I would love a beaker of wine.”
The four adults began to play with the children.  Hemaraj wanted to play hide and seek and being the heir apparent got his way, spending the rest of the afternoon hiding and running away shrieking when he was found.
Eventually, the picnic ended as the children were getting over tired, the four women embraced one another and promised to visit each other more often, before they parted and made their way to their respective dwellings.
Glaina and Ancore returned feeling happy and refreshed after the picnic, which is what Rogan and Breen, had secretly hoped for when they had arranged it.
The following week an envoy arrived from the Kauravas; riding a pure white stallion, he arrived under a truce escorted by a troop of cavalry.  He was shown into the throne room of the palace and there on the throne to meet with him sat Yudhishthira.  Arranged behind him on stools sat the rest of his brothers, the various Kings who had brought armies to fight on the side of the Pandava sat alongside the brothers.  On Yudhishthira's right, down the side of the room, the crew had been placed.  Down the left hand, side of the room sat the first minister and the heads of the various armies.
The envoy was a large old man with white beard, regal nose and eyes as bright as a hawk, behind him trailed his retinue.  He was richly dressed with purple sash, and gold brocaded jacket with black trousers, on his feet were richly adorned golden slippers with a pattern of amethyst the same purple as his sash.  On his head, he wore a purple turban that incorporated a gold clip sprouting two small white feathers.  Tucked discreetly into his waistband was a beautiful jewelled dagger, attached to the purple sash across his chest at his waist was his sword, its handle and scabbard encrusted with jewels and pearls.
Yudhishthira stood to greet his half uncle, and old tutor Bhishma, “Greetings uncle,” he clapped his hands and ordered a stool to be brought for the envoy and placed before the throne, then stepped down and embraced the old man before resuming the throne. “Greetings nephew, it is with heavy heart that I have been chosen to demand you stand down your armies, and surrender to the will of the Kaurava.  If you do, you and all your dependents will be treated well and with the utmost respect.  You will be allowed to take your treasures and servants into exile with you.  If you do not surrender, then it will mean that Duryodhana leader of the Kaurava will lead his invincible armies against you.  If he is forced into this action because you refuse to surrender, then he bid me inform you that when warfare begins, there will be no quarter given.  Your entire family will be slaughtered; it will be as if you never existed.”
“Uncle and revered teacher what part will you play in this coming conflict,” asked Yudhishthira.
“They have asked me to take supreme command in this battle, and I have agreed, your old master of arms Drona, who taught you weapons and tactics is my second in command.  Nephew I regret that duty impels me to fight on the side of the Kauravas.”
“Ah, and you thought to come as envoy, so that you could tell us of the Kaurava army command structure yourself.  Thank you uncle is there anything more you wish to tell us.”
“If you do not intend to surrender but insist on war, it would be beneficial to both sides if we could agree a code of conduct between us Yudhishthira.”
“We will never surrender to that dog Duryodhana.  He is without honour,” Yudhishthira said with a deadly calm, “but we will agree a code of conduct between us uncle, for the sake of the men who fight under us.”
“Good,” Bhishma replied, “I have several in mind the first is that we agree not to fight humans with celestial weapons.  The second is we agree not to conduct warfare at night, and we do not strike an unarmed foe or one who is retreating, also we will not strike a foe on the back or the legs.”
Yudhishthira conferred with his brothers and the kings who were supporting him, after a brief conference, he turned back to Bhishma, “we agree to the entire rules of engagement uncle.”
“Thank you Yudhishthira it only remains to decide where and when, we favour the fields of Kurukshetra at the time of the full moon what say you Yudhishthira,”
“That will suit us also uncle, until we meet again on the field of Kurukshetra at the time of the full moon.”
Bhishma rose and bowed to the assembly, “I think that ends our meeting, I am taking back to the Kauravas your refusal to surrender, and your agreement as the leader of your assembled armies to abide by the code of conduct we have this day agreed, also the time and place of the battle.”
Yudhishthira also rose and walked to his uncle.  “O invincible one, I bow to you.  We will fight with you, please grant us permission and give us your blessings.”
Bhishma replied, “for this sign of respect I shall pray for you, even though out of loyalty, I must fight on the side of the Kaurava,” both men embraced before Bhishma turned and with his retinue trailing, he swept from the throne room to begin the journey back to Hastinapura.
“We have given away the war by agreeing to this code of honour, I believe brother,” pronounced Bhima, speaking softly into Yudhishthira ear.  “We are heavily outnumbered they have, eleven armies against our seven, and yet you have agreed to fight by their rules of conduct.  This seems sheer madness.”
“Fighting a war under Dharmayudd means the war is carried out under the laws of Kings and Warriors.  We acquire the principles of Dharma, and our war becomes righteous,” answered Yudhishthira.
Bhima replied softly but forcefully, “fighting a war that is righteous will mean we lose, and all our families are put to death.  The only way we can possibly win is to use Kutayuddha, an unrighteous war, using unorthodox, secret and unfair warfare tactics is the only possible way we can win.  Of course, they want us to fight fair.  They have four more armies than us that they can field.  They will overwhelm us brother.”
“We shall see brother,” Yudhishthira rose and bowed to the assembled company who all rose and bowed in return.
“We have two weeks before the full moon to finalise our strategy and deploy our armies on the fields of Kurukshetra, I suggest we use those two weeks to ensure we are ready but first let us feast,” he told the assembled kings, army commanders and the crew.
The time of the full moon was two days away; both armies were encamped along a vast front line that was over twelve kilometres long.  Each side had tried to find the high ground and occupy it, so the front line was snakelike.
Yudhishthira sat on a high hill as the dawn broke, looking out over the battlefield.  As the sun rose over the eastern horizon, painting the cloud's blood red the air suddenly started filling with carrion birds.  First, it was only a few but as the sun rose higher so more and more filled the air, until the sky started to darken, there were so many, the noise they made woke the armies on both sides.
Millions of men stood looking skyward at millions of carrion birds who seemed to be crying in glee at the carnage that would in a few days’ time strew the ground with the dead and dying.  The birds flew around for hours before they started to disappear as rapidly as they had appeared.
Troops on both sides were frightened at what they believed was a very bad omen, even the officers were worried although in front of the troops, they tried to remain calm and collected.  That night the most loyal troops were put on guard in the camps of the opposing armies to prevent wholesale desertion.
Early morning saw Ancore and the rest of the crew in the Lander climbing high into the atmosphere over Hastinapura; of the Zedd ship, there was no sign.  They were investigating a report from Adeeone that dozens of strange structures had appeared near the compounds.
“Look there they are,” Glaina, pointed out the spindly structures dotted about in front of the two covered compounds, “What are they?”
Rogan adjusted the magnification and the structures suddenly stood out clearly, filling the whole screen.
“They appear to be metal ramps of some sort.”
The crew were looking at a double metal rail firmly anchored into the ground at regular intervals about 100 metres long and rising from ground level at an angle of about 20 degrees above the horizontal.
“I have no idea what that is,” confided Breen to no one, in particular.
“Could it be some kind of rocket launcher,” asked Rogan?
“But they all point toward the east,” objected Ancore.
“Unless they can be remotely guided somehow,” added Glaina.
While they were puzzling over what the ramps were for Ancore noticed a puff of smoke from closer to the palace.  Bleee Blah Bleee Blah she turned down the missile alarm and headed the Lander back toward Indraprastha at high speed as a missile locked on and rose toward them, it eventually fell from the sky as its fuel ran out before it could reach them.
“No point in hanging about the Zedds are obviously sensitive about what they have hidden in those compounds,” she remarked.
All the way back to Indraprastha, they speculated on what the Zedds could possibly have been building in the compounds, and what the significance of the ramps was.  Their best guess was guided rockets.
“If they are guided rockets what sort of warhead will they have,” asked Glaina.
“I don't think they are nuclear warheads, didn't Nassel say it looked as though they had loaded three missiles aboard their ship,” asked Rogan?
“They have used two that we know of, and it's possible the third one went up when the Zedds collided with the Lander, the resulting explosion was certainly big enough.”  Ancore nodded agreement, remembering just what an enormous explosion it had been.
They flew on past Indraprastha toward the encamped armies on the fields of Kurukshetra, the puzzle of the ramps unresolved.  Ancore took the Lander over the entire length of the opposing army, so they could report on the enemy dispositions in detail to Yudhishthira and his fellow Kings and Brothers when they landed.
They found the tent of Yudhishthira with its standards flying in the breeze that had sprung up suddenly, by the time they had landed the sky was darkening considerably although it was only just after noon.  As they disembarked the Lander, the wind hit them, it was getting darker and black clouds were now racing across the sky.
The flash nearly blinded them, BLAMMFIZZRUMBLERUMBLE the thunderbolt rocked their senses as it hit the top of a chariot filled with shields then it crackled with a blue light surrounding it before bursting into flames not a hundred metres distant.
Men were racing about pouring out of tents wondering what was happening.  Animals were panicking and trying to break free of tethers.  The elephants were trumpeting in fear it was good that their ankles were shackled to strong stakes in the ground if they had run amok, they could have decimated the army in their flight path.
CRASHRUMBLE grumble, another thunderbolt crashed from the sky, but this one was much farther away it seemed the storm was heading across the front line toward the enemy troops less than a kilometre away.  The crash of thunder was becoming almost continuous the noise was deafening the wind was howling, ripping tents apart and scattering them over the landscape, the sky so dark it was almost like night, but not a drop of rain or hail.  Thousands of warriors threw themselves to their knees.  Hands raised in supplication.  The sounds of thousands of voices praying to the gods, who they were convinced were showing their anger at this war, was being almost drowned out by the ferocity of the thunderstorm.
Fires had been started on both sides and were burning furiously fanned by the howling wind; tents were flaring in roaring fire then consumed, flames and sparks setting the next tent ablaze.  Animals were stampeding where they had been released because of the danger of the fires killing them, now they were causing even more havoc galloping around as tents burst into raging torrents of fire spread by the wind, chariots and wagons, foodstuff for the animals all going up in flames.  Then as suddenly, as it had started the wind began easing and the sky clearing as the storm passed on.  Within the hour, the air was still and the sky had cleared to an incredible clarity the only thing marring the beauty of the afternoon was the columns of smoke from the thousands of fires, spreading toward the horizon, that were still burning along the length of the encamped armies.
Yudhishthira called his brothers and the crew to a meeting.  When they were all gathered, he spoke.  “I have taken note of the happenings recently; I believe that if we continue with this war, it will end with both sides slaughtered.  I therefore propose to send an envoy to Duryodhana, to see whether he will call off his armies and put an end to this madness.”
Everybody was still very shaken by the storm and the omen of the birds the previous day so nobody dissented.
“Very well we need an envoy.  Arjuna would you go?”
“I would rather not brother; I have no love for Duryodhana.”
“Who then will go,” asked Yudhishthira of the assembled company?
“I will ask my friend lord Krishna,” replied Arjuna, feeling responsible for finding someone after his refusal to go himself.
Arjuna returned with his best friend Krishna, whom he introduced to the crew.  His brothers already knew him.  Krishna was a very handsome young man clean-shaven, which was unusual.  He had smouldering brown eyes, straight nose and sensuous lips.  He was tall about two metres and his dark hair hung to his shoulders, held away from his face by the short golden headdress he wore.  His tunic was of chain mail and leather; he wore a knee-length leather skirt and leather boots, a thick leather sash from shoulder to hip holding a very businesslike sword with a single ruby on the pommel.
Yudhishthira addressed him, “will you be our envoy to Duryodhana.”
“I will gladly,” answered Krishna.
“Then I bid you take this message to him.  This war is senseless it should be stopped now, before cousin destroys cousin, war is evil in any form.  To the dead, victory and defeat are the same.  If you agree we will mutually withdraw our respective armies this very day and resolve to live in peace.”  Krishna repeated the message word for word, and asked for a troop of cavalry, a trumpeter and a royal standard of truce to ride under.
Yudhishthira called his prime minister and told him to give lord Krishna anything he asked for, as he was the king’s envoy.
Krishna bowed and left with the prime minister explaining what he required.  Soon, a trumpet fanfare rang out, then Krishna and a troop of cavalry galloped out heading for the opposing army with fanfare and flags of truce flying.
Krishna is intercepted and lead to Duryodhana's tent, which was only about a kilometre from Yudhishthira's as the vulture flies, by a commander and a troop of cavalry.  When brought before Duryodhana, he found himself facing a man of heavy build but not fat.  Slightly shorter than himself, sporting a luxuriant moustache, his eyes were intelligent and inquisitive and unnaturally large and slightly bulging.  The lips were thin and mean looking, and he seemed to be constantly licking them.  He too was dressed in chain mail but underneath, he wore a long flowing one-piece costume in red silk that came to just above the top of his suede boots.
“Speak lord Krishna,” he commanded, “what do the Pandava want now, have you come with their surrender.”
“King Yudhishthira bid me come to you with this message.  This war is senseless; it should be stopped now before cousin destroys cousin, war is evil in any form.  To the dead, defeat and victory are the same.  If you agree, we will mutually withdraw our respective armies this very day and resolve to live in peace.”
The muscles of Duryodhana's face seemed to writhe before he got them under control, then he laughed, “The gods have not blessed the Pandava thus far, and they will not protect them during the war.  I can sacrifice my life, my wealth, my Kingdom, my everything, but I will never live in peace with them.  I will not surrender to them even as much land as can be pierced by the point of a needle.  I am what the gods have made me.  Take those words back to him and remind him that we shall slaughter every last one of his family, there will be no quarter given.”
Krishna could do no more and bowing to Duryodhana.  He turned and left, escorted to the front line by the same commander who had brought him.
He arrived back and delivered Duryodhana's reply to Yudhishthira and the assembled company.  Yudhishthira mused over the reply before sighing, “So be it, my duty was always to be a warrior king, not a Brahmin beggar.”
Then the reports of the storm damage started to come in.  Over forty thousand, tents had been burnt or damaged.  Tons of foodstuff and animal fodder had been lost.  A hundred and twenty one horses had died and thirteen elephants, and over four hundred carts and chariots destroyed.
Fifty-five men dead and over a thousand wounded, mostly through burns or being trampled trying to save the animals.
“Well I expect the Kaurava had suffered the same sort of casualties we must get the wounded Treated, have them sent to the physicians at the rear, and then get as many tents as we have left in the commissariat distributed evenly throughout the army.  We have set our formations we can do no more now until the morning.  I suggest we have a light meal and try to sleep, may the gods watch over us all,” Yudhishthira raised a hand to his mouth to hide a yawn, then left the assembly and retired into the rear part of the tent.
Ancore and the crew flew back to the palace for the night, resolving to awake at dawn and fly to the tent of Yudhishthira after breakfast leaving Adeetoo standing watch in the Lander.


########



Chapter Twelve



As the first light of dawn flushed the sky, conches and trumpets sounded, awakening the sleeping troops, and bringing them to breakfast before the battles ahead.  Each man ensured his water bottle was full and put some food away in his pouch.  It could be nightfall before they were able to enjoy another meal.
Krishna had volunteered to drive Arjuna’s chariot, and he drove it up to Arjuna’s tent.  It was a four-wheeled chariot pulled by a team of six matched horses.  Down each side of the chariot and across the back are fixed shields, eight altogether.  Behind each shield sat a warrior armed with bow and arrows and a spear each.  In the middle on a slight platform was a padded seat for Arjuna, fixed to the back of the seat was the pole holding the large parasol.  This was braced with four cords.  One to each corner of the chariot and provided shade for the occupants and the driver.  Fixed to the front two corners were also the flagpoles, thus each chariot could be identified.  Arjuna’s battle flag had the figure of Hanuman the monkey god on it; the other flag was plain pale blue denoting the army of the Pandava.
“Come on you sleepy head,” called Krishna, “it's a fine morning and your army awaits you.”  Arjuna stepped from the tent fully dressed, sword by his side carrying his bow and four quivers full of arrows, he handed up the bow and the quivers to one of the warriors on the chariot who hung them behind his seat.  Arjuna then climbed aboard and settled himself as Krishna whipped up the team turning the chariot toward the front line.
“You don't look as though you have slept very well, your eyes are red-rimmed, and you have black marks under them,” he called to Arjuna while threading his way through various companies of warriors as he made for the no man’s land between the two armies.
As they trundle along the front lines in no man’s land, Arjuna could see the chariot of Bhishma flying the palmyra tree flag that he favoured, and the chariot of his old weapon's instructor Drona.  Arjuna faltered at the sight of both his beloved uncle and his weapon's teacher.
“I cannot in all conscience fight this day,” he told Krishna.  “How can any good come from fighting one's own relatives?  What value victory if all our loved ones are killed?  We will be overcome by sin if we slay them; our duty surely is to forgive them.  Even if they have lost sight of dharma due to greed, we should not forget dharma.”
Krishna pulled up the chariot and addressed Arjuna trying to pull him back from this course of action that was preying on his mind.
“Arjuna it is your destiny to fight this day.  The real battle you need to win now is not on this battlefield before us, but within yourself.”  Krishna then went into a discourse on Dharma and a warriors duty and desires, putting each point of his argument in a clear and meaningful way, when he finished he waited for his friends reply.
Arjuna looked at his friend for a long moment the struggle within clear to Krishna, then the eyes cleared and a smile broke out.
“You're right old friend, my dharma is to do my duty to the best of my ability, this bloodshed we are about to embark on wasn't of our choosing.  My karma tells me our struggle is just.”
Bhishma's chariot had also come down into the no man’s land between the two armies, and he called to Arjuna.  “Show me how well you shoot Arjuna, and I will reply with my arrows.”
“Very well uncle guard yourself,” he replied as he fired two arrows in quick succession.  The warriors on Bhishma's chariot deflected both arrows with their shields.  Bhishma's arrows in immediate reply are similarly deflected by the warriors in Arjuna’s chariot.  But the next four that arrived in rapid succession from Bhishma were aimed higher, and whizzed past Arjuna’s head one lodging in the pole of the parasol.  Arjuna fired six arrows very rapidly in reply the first two caused Bhishma to duck whistling just above his head, but the next four had been aimed lower and one of the four hit Bhishma's bow snapping it asunder.
“Fine shooting lad,” he called to Arjuna.  “I'm returning to the rear to get another bow and start directing this war, may the gods go with you,” he called, his chariot turning away and thundering through the ranks of warriors that opened for him.
“We had best take up position at the rear to direct the flow of battle,” called Krishna turning the chariot back up the slight incline through the ranks of warriors who cheered Arjuna for his consummate skill with a bow and arrow.
At ten in the morning, the conch horns sounded all along the front line.  Drums started pounding out the beat as vast lines of men moved slowly forward at a steady pace into battle.  Where elephants were in the front line on one side, the other side had arranged elephants also.  The same with the chariots and cavalry which lurked in the background behind the foot soldiers, ready to charge forward at any breach in the enemy forces.  They moved together and clashed like two great oceans, before they met the sky momentarily darkened, as countless arrows from both sides arched into the opposing forces with a dreadful thrumming noise.
The screams of the dying are drowned out in a vast cry from millions of throats, as the front lines of the two sides met in a crash of thrusting spears, flashing parrying swords, and clashing shields.  The warriors in the front lines of both sides, were being crushed together relentlessly by the sheer weight of warriors trying to move forward from behind until the entire front line was deadlocked.
The warriors in the front ranks were being crushed to death by those behind, but still held upright in the huge press of warriors.  Further back on both sides were the archers firing into the front ranks of the armies opposite, the air blackening with the thrumming roar of volleys of arrows.  So thick was the press that no one who was still alive in the front rows could move to defend themselves against the volleys of arrows raining down on them.
All along the twelve kilometres of front line the same scenario was being re-enacted, hundreds of thousands of men dying without being able to move in a vast press of bodies.  Yudhishthira, realising what was happening, called his commander of armies to him. “What can we do to relieve our men on the front lines without actually retreating,” he asked the commander when he arrived.
“Your highness I suggest we use our fire weapons, the rockets and the catapulted flaming bales, against the enemy archers, causing them all to retreat and relieving the pressure on our front line, with their superiority in numbers of four extra armies we had better be quick before we end up being pushed back and broken.”
“Do it directly then, and send word down the line to use fire weapons against their archers.”
“Yes highness,” agreed the Senapati of all the armies as he hurried to carry out his plan to relieve the front lines.
Carts of fire rockets are hauled forward, and the catapults were readied all along the front, as gallopers were dispatched to carry the new orders to the various heads of armies. The first into action were some of the catapults firing the sacks of unquenchable fire into the ranks of the enemy archers.  A giant roar heralded them, as the flaming sacks rose over the front lines to fall into the massed archers at the rear.  As the flaming death roared from the sky onto them, the archers sought to dodge them, at first, they were successful.  As more catapults came into action and then, the first of the rockets roared overhead exploding in mid-air and raining down fire on top of them, they began to falter.  Then run for their lives toward the rear or suffer agonising death by fire.
As the barrage lowered slightly onto the front line so those that could, disengaged and ran to the rear to regroup, out of range of the blazing sacks and sheets of flame dropping on them from the sky.
Ancore and the crew were flying above the front line; they were in awe at the amount of destruction they were witnessing.  Slowly all along the front line fire blossomed in the enemy ranks.
Then as they watched the Kaurava replied with their own fire barrage, they too had fire bales and fire rockets, it started toward the middle of the lines working outward, huge ripples of flaming fire falling onto the Pandava armies, who like the Kaurava army before them, retreated from this holocaust of fire raining down on them.
Both armies pulled back watching, as the front line turned into a pyre of burning bodies.  Acrid black smoke from the burning fat of the bodies blackening the sky, and causing such a stink that whole armies were busy vomiting, as they became shrouded in the oily black smoke.
That was the end of fighting on day one of the war, as both sides sought to recover, regroup and replenish used stocks of weapons, and come up with numbers of casualties, they also needed to decide a new strategy for the next phase of the war. Bhima had ridden to Yudhishthira's tent along with the rest of the Pandava brothers, the Senapati of all the armies and the various kings, who had gathered in some urgency after the shambles of the morning’s battle.
Bhima spoke openly of what they all now thought.  “Brother we tried honourable warfare and would eventually have lost if you had not used unquenchable fire.  But we had to use devious warfare to disengage without being overwhelmed, and it appears the Kaurava also have the use of celestial fire rockets, presumably either the Zedds, or spies have been at work here.”
“Yes, I agree with you Bhima, but we should still try to wage honourable war.  Not to kill retreating enemy, or striking them on the backs or legs, and if they have a straw in their mouth, we should let them surrender.  As for the rest of devious warfare, I think each stratagem should be judged and approved before being allowed into the battle plan.”
Arjuna spoke up next, “that's all very well brothers but a battle is a very fluid affair.  It is possible the commanders on the field haven't the time or opportunity to get each strategy approved, before they can use it.  Would it not be better to say that we shall try to observe honourable warfare, but if we are to win this war we need to think seriously what devious tactics we can use tomorrow, and the day-after brother?"
King Yalambar spoke next, “Myself and King Muktananda have been conferring Yudhishthira.  We feel after the disaster of today the battle formations should be based on the Vyuha array consisting of a centre, two flanks and two wings, each of equal strength that should contain between nine to twenty one units.  Each unit containing, one elephant or chariot, five horsemen, and fifteen infantry at the front and rear.  This would give us considerable mobility in changing formations during the battle.  What think you of the tried and true formations, Yudhishthira?”
“I agree with you.  The Vyuha array would give us the best mobility and therefore should be implemented immediately.  As for devious warfare much as I dislike it, I am forced to agree that we shall have to use it if we are to triumph in this war.  I was misguided to think we could win the war using only honourable methods, have we a strategy planned for tomorrow?”  Yudhishthira looked askance at the assembly.
Bhima spoke up, “it depends on what formations they decide to use tomorrow.  We can use our war elephants to break up closed ranks of enemies, and use our inferior troops first to tire out the enemy before sending in our fresh superior troops.  Attack the enemy wherever we see vulnerability, using inferior troops and feigning a withdrawal thus luring them into a trap.  Of course, we could also attack at night with small forces, burning supply lines to deprive the enemy of sleep, then attacking with fresh forces in the morning.  We moreover have the shrapnel and fire rockets to break up concentrations of enemy troops and besides all those devious tactics, we have our friends the Coorg to help with new weapons and surveillance behind enemy lines.”
“You are right Bhima; we will set out a normal battle array tomorrow but look for weaknesses to exploit.  First will be our unseasoned troops, behind which out of sight will be our reserves of battle hardened troops and cavalry waiting to pounce.”
Everyone, all the kings and commanders started back to their own troops to sort out the army units for the morning.
The second day dawned, pink and purples slowly turning red then gold as the sun rose in the heavens, the Vyuha units looked splendid but then consternation.  The enemy had fielded the exact same units, the Vyuha on their side.
Yudhishthira spoke to his Senapati of armies, “have we a spy in our midst old friend, look, they have the very same battle order as we do.”
“It is not surprising your highness.  Your uncle and teacher Bhishma is Senapati of all their armies, he would surely have known well the Vyuha formation.  It is not so surprising then that he would also deploy them after the terrible losses of yesterday.”
“Yes, Senapati you are right it is foolish to think we have a spy in our midst.  My uncle is a battle-hardened warrior and commander.  It is just coincidence he has chosen the same tried and true formations we did, all right Senapati today we harry them with hit and run sorties, hoping to draw them into a trap, but our troops must remain fluid and watchful.”
At ten in the morning after a good breakfast, the raw guild troops are sent in trying their hit-and-run tactics to draw the enemy out of their set positions.  They were not succeeding until one Vyuha turned to retreat.
A Kaurava archer fired a three-metre arrow into the war elephant on the Pandava side; it hit the poor beast just in front of the ear and bounced out.  Nevertheless, it had enough force to daze the beast, which promptly lost its senses and charged the enemy lines smashing through them and turning the chariot in the midst of its formation into matchwood.  Soldiers were dodging the crazed beast and hurling spears into its flanks, most of which fell out but maddened the poor beast into a frenzy of destruction.  It caught and threw horses and riders, and fleeing infantry from out of its path as it charged forward into the enemy lines.  Seeing the enemy seemingly routed by their war elephant the rest of the unseasoned guild troops in the Vyuha wheeled about and followed the trail of destruction the elephant left behind, slaughtering anyone still standing.  The enemy troops tried to rally but were overwhelmed.  After they had cleared two whole Vyuha in this manner, the elephant is skewered by at least four, three-metre arrows and fell in a welter of blood.  The unseasoned troops then realised they were deep in enemy held territory and began retreating still fighting as they moved backwards trying to reach their own lines.
As more enemy Vyuha pressed forward, the Pandava guild troops began to run trying to escape, at least three enemy formations are pulled out of the line and away from the archers behind.
At that moment, the Kamboja cavalry struck.  Thundering into the enemy, lances glittering in the sunlight they went straight through the Kauravas formations like a hot knife through butter.  As they lost, their lances buried in the enemy, so they drew their swords and charged back in, cleaving and beheading everyone before them.  It was a relief to the fleeing guild troops, who rallied and finished off anyone trying to escape the slaughter the Kamboja cavalry were wreaking on the unfortunate Kaurava units that had been lured from their fellow units.  At least two and a half thousand men died in this brief flurry of activity lasting less than an hour.
Not everything was going in favour of the Pandava armies, at the other end of the lines Drona was commanding the armies facing the King of Lanka's troops, and was making mincemeat of his Vyuha as they tried hit and run tactics.  He was deploying regiments of massed archers just behind his front line where they were free to move up and down the battle line to wherever the next threat came from.  Each time a Lankan Vyuha ventured close to the front line it met with an overwhelming weight of arrows falling on it and each time most of the warriors in the Vyuha were killed.  The Lankan king stopped the hit-and-run tactics, as his men were the ones being hit and forced to run.  Next he arranged his men into a Vee formation but kept them to the rear, in front he put fifty war elephants to follow up, he had fifteen thousand cavalry just behind to exploit any gap the elephants managed to open in the enemy ranks.  The elephants charged in trumpeting in fear and rage, tied to each animal’s tail was a rope ending in a sack of unquenchable fire that caused the poor animals to run even faster.  They are protected by thick leather armour that helped to protect them from the hail of arrows that fell on them, even so a third are killed in the first part of the charge.
The rest were into the front ranks of the enemy causing havoc and setting the tinder dry grass on fire.  Several brave warriors who stood together spears butts planted into the earth killed an elephant, but not before, it crashed onto them, crushing them beneath its dying body.  The remaining elephants were now into the ranks of massed archers causing mayhem; then the Lankan cavalry swept into the fray.  Their target was specifically the enemy archers who they cut down in great numbers.  Behind them, the great wedge of the Lankan army marched forward heading for the command post of Drona up on top of the slight hill.  As the Lankan army entered Drona's front lines and became embroiled in the fighting, they inexorably moved forward towards their goal, Drona's command post.  Whoever killed Drona was in for a very large reward.
They never made it, from over the top of the hill hidden from sight, came the flaming sacks of unquenchable fire.  The air filled with whizzing rockets that exploded with shattering effect on the massed troops among the exploding shrapnel rockets were mixed fire rockets.  The sky was alive with fire and rockets.  Men, horses, elephants, chariots all went up in flames and are torn to shreds by the whistling shrapnel.
The Lankan army retreated streaming back to their own lines, only to be engaged as the barrage lifted by the might of the Kaurava cavalry who now came thundering over the hill, lances glittering red through the smoke and flames as they smashed into the disarray that had been the Lankan army. They were slaughtered in their thousands that day, before the Lankan army reserves managed to save the remnants of the attacking force.  That was the end of day two, both sides had lost many men and supplies and were becoming much wiser.
That night the first of the small groups of Pandava troops went in, designed to sabotage anything they came across after sneaking through the lines of sentries, they sabotaged water supplies, set fire to animal fodder, and especially attacked the supplies of rockets the enemy held in storage back behind the front lines.  Over sixty bands of warriors had penetrated the enemy lines that night, and they created havoc, there was little sleep for the enemy as fires sprang up everywhere, punctuated by huge explosions as rocket stores went up.  The lines were in an uproar, and the Kaurava army had scant sleep.  Most of the raiding force managed to get back through the lines, being mistaken for Kaurava forces in the confusion, all except those that stayed too long, and were either killed or captured.  Of the six hundred men who had entered the enemy lines four hundred and ninety men had made it back, forty three of whom were wounded.
Days Three and Four of the war continued much as the second day, but without the huge losses that were inflicted on days One and Two.
Day Five dawned, it would be clear and hot today, everything seemed normal.  The war continued but neither side was particularly adventurous until the afternoon.  King Yalambar and his army from Kathmandu had been very successful so far against the southerner, King Musheer of Kosala, who had suffered large losses in his campaign against King Yalambar.
However, this afternoon everything was about to change.  King Yalambar's forces were attacking with great courage and forcing back the Kosala army.  Suddenly, from the east came a muted throbbing that quickly grew louder until it was ear-shattering, animals were frantic trying to break away from handlers and riders.  The eyes of King Yalambar's army were drawn to the skies where the noise was coming from, and then the sky demons were overhead with a noise like thunder they swept past, five of them belching flame as they turned and came back toward the fray.
As the frightened warriors watched, bright lances of fire stabbed out toward the tent of King Yalambar, suddenly the tent went up with a whoosh and was gone.  Next to go were the rocket batteries hidden over the brow of the hill huge balls of flame and shock waves as the rockets ignited most blew up but some went roaring through the Kirati rear lines blowing up chariots and medical facilities where the wounded were being tended.
The five sky devils then rounded on the front-line troops, the noise the craft made was so loud the troops did not hear the bombs dropping on them.  Those that survived only saw the effect of enormous whoomps that deafened them and knocked them flat as deadly shrapnel tore men, horses, elephants, chariots, and cavalry into shreds.  Fires were started in the tinder dry grass helped as the breeze fanned the flames back up hill into the Kirati lines, almost as quickly as they came the flying devils disappeared into the distance with a muted throbbing burble, leaving behind them pandemonium.
King Musheer's warriors must have been briefed.  As they seized the moment, wading into the deafened and shocked survivors of the bombing raid.  Charging elephants crushed men and chariots, and behind came the cavalry swords swinging cutting down survivors, and behind them came the reserve forces eager to get among the feared enemy while they were still shocked and in disarray.
It was a brave Nyakas, a lowly commander of reserve troops who managed to rally, and then urge on the reserves to rescue their brother warriors.  Sending in the cavalry first followed by foot soldiers, soon they managed to extricate what was left of the main attacking force and started a strategic withdrawal fighting all the way back to their own lines.
The Kirati troops made a stand at the top of the hill and drove King Musheer's troops back to their own lines.  When the Kirati army took stock, they found that King Yalambar had been killed by the flying devils.  This was the end of day five.
Every afternoon around four fighting ceased, and the truce began.  Streams of carts and elephants on both sides came down to carry back the wounded and clear the battlefield of weapons, piling the dead animals on a pyre along with the bodies of the fallen warriors.  Many of the dead horses were butchered on the spot and carted off as meat for the troops the next day, not too much was wasted as there were millions of people to feed.
The commissary troops of both sides were now large armed units foraging everywhere in the insatiable quest for food.  Large battles being fought, as opposing commissary forces tried to obtain the same food.
Gradually, the main armies on both sides were spreading further and further along the front as they realised, they needed much more room for manoeuvre.  In Yudhishthira's tent, all the heads of armies and the crew gathered for a counsel of war.  Everyone is subdued by the death of King Yalambar, but the war went on.  His funeral rites are scheduled for the following day when all the heads of armies would try to attend, but for now all they wanted to know was how to defend themselves from this threat from the skies.  In addition, what these flying devils had looked like that had attacked and killed King Yalambar, and got almost a third of his army killed.
Yudhishthira had promoted the young Nyakas, who had rallied the troops and saved the day to supreme commander of the Kirati, as all the high-ranking commanders had been killed alongside King Yalambar in his tent working out battle tactics.
He was now explaining what his troops had seen, his explanation left a lot to be desired from the crew's point of view, a roaring fiery sky devil with beams of bright light that burnt everything it touched and blinded warriors, then caused huge explosions like exploding rockets only much larger.  This just didn't give them much to go on except that they were obviously aircraft of some sort propelled by some kind of flaming motor, armed with lasers and bombs, very loud motors and very fast. 
Adeeone had reported flying machines leaving the palace of Hastinapura and flying east toward the Himalayas there.  He had lost them in the ground clutter.
Ancore asked the crew for ideas.  Rogan spoke up first, “we could go and blow up the compounds at Hastinapura and the foundries, which should stop them building anymore of these flying machines.”
“Yes that's fine but where are they now, and how do we stop them attacking the Pandava armies,” she asked.
“Somehow we need to be able to track them into the foothills and mountain ranges of the Himalayas to discover where they are hiding, these craft are small the length of two wagons by all the reports we have.”
Glaina came up with a good idea, “why can't we use heat signatures, if they have a flaming engine it sounds as if they might be rocket propelled aircraft, we could set up the scanners to track anything above the temperature of boiling water, all we need is to find their base then we can attack them.” “Brilliant Glaina, what a clever piece of thinking, we can have Adeeone modify his display and be ready to track them next time they appear, meanwhile we can modify our Lander so that we can intercept them when they subsequently try to attack.  If we modify our Lander now we can attack the compounds at Hastinapura tomorrow morning early and put them out of action.”
Having agreed the crew set about contacting Adeeone and explaining what they wanted him to do, then set about modifying their Lander to be able to track these craft.
Yudhishthira and the rest of the commanders had to leave the flying craft to the Coorg to fight, as they were powerless to help in any way.  Tomorrow, they had decided to stand their ground on top of the hills and let the enemy come to them for a change.  In addition, there were the funeral ceremonies to attend if possible, they sat around eating and drinking chai chatting to each other about the state of the war so far, and who had done what that merited special treatment for bravery, before they began leaving for their own lines and sleep, before morning was on them.
The crew assembled next morning and after breakfast, they boarded the Lander and took off, as they began their raid, they were intercepted by missiles from the area of the palace, there were at least four batteries firing missiles at them, it was all they could do to knock them out before they got too near.  Ancore jinked the Lander around the sky then told Rogan and Breen, “concentrate your fire on the batteries if possible.”  For a few seconds, they had a respite and used it well knocking out one of the batteries.  That gave them even more time and Rogan fired six discs at the compounds before they had to defend themselves again from a barrage of missiles.  Three compounds blew up with a roar and on one of them, flames roared over fifty metres into the sky, punctuated by huge jets of flame that soared skyward feeding the inferno.  Ancore flew the Lander away from the missile batteries climbing higher and higher until the missiles could not reach them, and they could relax and observe the effect of the raid.  The rails were still standing but the three compounds were destroyed, and one was still burning furiously.
“They must have had fuel of some sort stored in the third compound, look at it burn,” whooped Rogan to the rest of them.
“It's certainly a fine sight,” agreed Breen with a big grin on his face.
Glaina and Ancore were smiling in triumph, when the radio burbled and Adeeone called them, “five heat signatures are speeding into the area of the Pandava armies' west of your present position,” he told them.
“Keep watching Adeeone, we are investigating now,” replied Ancore pushing the Lander at top speed toward the Pandava army trying to sight the craft, that were now starting their attacking runs on the Pandava armies spread out beneath them.
“There they are,” called Glaina getting the heat signatures on the tracking radar and putting them on the main screen they could be seen moving over the Pandavan army and then more heat signatures blossoming.
“They are bombing the army,” called Glaina.
“We will arrive in two minutes,” called out Rogan.  They watched powerless as the five heat signatures passed back and forth over the Pandavan army, more and more heat signatures blossoming over the screen, then they could see the first of the fires coming over the horizon as they rapidly began to fly over the Pandava lines.
“There they are,” Glaina shouted.
“Got them,” called Ancore banking toward the five craft flying in formation.
They could all see them clearly now, the motor was just a simple bent tube glowing red hot fixed to the rear of the body above the tail and squat rudder.  The centre had simple square ended wings, with a cockpit ahead of the wings where the pilot sat, at the nose of the craft was mounted a double laser.  The craft were about the length of two chariots as they had been told, they had rocket and bomb racks under the wings and were travelling about two hundred and sixty kilometres an hour along the Pandavan lines, formation bombing to deadly effect against the helpless ground troops.
“Open fire when we get low enough behind them,” ordered Ancore putting the Lander into a steep turning dive to bring her craft behind the five marauders at the same level. Rogan fired at the left hand craft then followed with a shot at the craft next to it the first two craft exploded in balls of flame raining even more fiery death on the unfortunate army below them.  Before Rogan could fire the rail gun again, the other three craft broke formation, increasing speed rapidly as they scattered and turned toward the Lander.  Laser beams lashed toward them, and Ancore had to take immediate avoiding action at the same time increasing speed and climbing to gain a height advantage.
The three Zedd pilots were no slouches and were climbing and circling, trying to get a clear shot at the Lander.  Luckily, the nose lasers were fixed which required them to point their craft at the Lander before firing.
The Landers rail gun could rotate to fire in any direction, but as it was fixed to the top of the Lander, it couldn't fire beneath itself unless it turned itself upside down first, which was what Ancore had to try to do as the enemy craft were slightly below the Lander.
She climbed and rolled the Lander at the same time trying to give Rogan a clear shot with the rail gun.  He took a snapshot at one and caught it in the engine leaving a shower of flaming debris falling earth ward.  Meantime one of the other two had slid beneath the Lander and pulled up into a vertical climb, which it could not sustain for very long.  However, it was enough to rake the top of the Lander with a double laser blast, which they later discovered had fused the rail gun mount, so that Rogan could not rotate the rail gun onto the target.  This meant that Ancore had to spin and aim the rail gun by lining up the Lander on the target; things were beginning to look dicey for the crew in the Lander, still circled by two Zedd craft looking for an opening.  Each time they nosed over looking for a shot.  Ancore managed to evade the worst of the lashing beams and gained height on the two determined Zedds.  Climbing steadily they suddenly realised that the Zedds had reached their ceiling and were wallowing in the upper atmosphere before falling away and diving for the ground.
“They can't get above twenty thousand feet without oxygen,” Ancore called in relief, “what happened to the rail gun,” she asked Rogan.
“I think it must have been hit,” he answered, “It wouldn't rotate onto the target it just froze,” he replied.
“We will have to land and check it out,” Ancore told them, “Glaina call Adeeone and make sure he doesn't lose those Zedd aircraft, while we land and find out what damage they inflicted on us,” she asked putting the Lander into a steep dive for the Pandava army, heading for the landing site near the tent of Yudhishthira.
They landed amidst pandemonium.  The Zedds had been targeting the top army commanders and had duly bombed their tents, but luckily, all had been outside with the troops, but fires were raging where the tents had once stood.  The raid shook up Yudhishthira and the rest of his commanders.  Rocket blasts had taken out a convoy of wagons heading for the front lines.  They had once contained replacement rockets now they were just piles of burning remnants.  The rockets had ignited and gone off into surrounding troops causing great carnage.
Rogan and Breen checked over the Lander, as they had surmised the rail gun rotating mounting had been hit and fused locking the gun in one position.
“We shall have to dismantle the rail gun and manufacture a new rotating mounting for it.  This one cannot be repaired,” pronounced Breen from the top of the Lander.
“How long will it take before the rail gun is back in operation,” asked Ancore.
“With Adeetoo’s help I can have the gun operational by morning if we work all night,” pronounced Breen confidently.
“You carry on then Breen.  The rest of us will try to work out how we can find and kill this new enemy craft."
“They are pulse jets,” replied Breen, “I knew I had seen something like them before, it has just come back to me the museum of military flight on Kala.  We used them over two centuries ago as cheap flying bombs during the planetary wars.  They only require a pressurised fuel feed and initial ignition to light them up, and then they are self-regulating due to the design of the bent pipe.”
“Great now we know what they are and how they work, all we need to do now is turn them into pulverised jets somehow, has anyone any bright ideas,” she asked Rogan and Glaina as they walked to meet Yudhishthira, who had appeared with his retinue.
“You arrived just in time,” called Yudhishthira, “those flying devils were causing panic among our troops until you arrived and killed three of them, well done Ancore.”
“We are sorry we arrived so late, but we had been destroying their compounds at Hastinapura when Adeeone reported they were attacking your army.  We came as quickly as we could.”
“You and your crew have done splendidly you should have heard our men cheering you when you killed the first two flying devils.”
“Our Lander was damaged during the fight, and it will take Breen and Adeetoo all night to repair it, so we are out of action until morning if anything else happens we will have to call Adeeone down from top cover.  He is only armed with a laser,” she replied to him.
“Come I shall have chai brought to us all while we decide our next battle deployment,” replied Yudhishthira leading them to a hastily erected shelter.
That was the end of day six of the battle.
The following morning saw the Lander fully repaired and Breen sleeping soundly in the engineer's seat, with a satisfied smile on his face.  Without waking him, the crew took their places, as Ancore lifted off and climbed above the Pandavan army that stretched into the blue haze of the distance.  They called Adeeone on the radio in code and got the co-ordinates from him of where he had lost the pulsejets in the ground clutter.
They headed that way seeking the base they were operating from; it was toward the foothills of the Himalayas they flew, searching their screens for any sign of the pulsejets or their base.  One second the screens were empty the next a formation of ten pulse jets were on screen flying in two formations of five craft, they had appeared in a long valley ending in a large mountain.
Ancore briefed the crew, “we will open fire at long-range and pick them off at extreme distance.  I shall manoeuvre to keep them as far away from us as I can manage, while Rogan picks them off one by one.”
She put the Lander into a climb calling to Glaina.  “Strap Breen in his seat then yourselves, this could get pretty hectic,” she banked the Lander allowing Rogan to open fire.  Just as he fired three discs at the rear formation, they must have caught sight of the Lander, because they split apart, rapidly turning, while climbing to get a shot at the Lander.  The first three discs exploded harmlessly on the valley floor, far below.  Rogan compensated and opened fire on the swirl of pulsejets arrowing up towards them; he hit two that blew up in balls of fire.  The rest were jinking all over the sky trying to avoid the discs that were now pouring from the Lander.
Three more Zedd craft are hit one after another as Ancore tried to stay away from the lashing lines of laser fire.  The distance was so great that when they had been hit it had only blistered the hull paint not causing any great damage, but now they were drawing closer, and Ancore put the Lander into a maximum climb pulling away from the Zedds, sitting way above their ceiling.
They sat there picking off two more Zedd ships before they realised and the remaining three began diving for the ground.  Splitting up and taking evasive manoeuvres, they disappeared into the mass of frozen valleys far below.
“Did you get the co-ordinates of the valley where we first picked them up Glaina,” asked Ancore.
“Yes I have put it on screen, the red circle,” she replied.
Ancore lined up the red circle under her cursor and guided the Lander to the valley where the Zedds first materialised, “keep your eyes open everybody they must have a base somewhere around here,” she called to the rest of the crew bringing the Lander lower, and flying slowly up the valley toward the mountain, in the distance.
As they drew closer, they realised that the dark mass at the base of the mountain was a giant cave along each side of which were snaggle pinnacles of up thrusting rocks.
It was from among these that the first sign of danger came, puffs of smoke as the fuel in the chemical guided missiles ignited.  BLEEE, BLAAAH, BLEEE, blaaah, Ancore turned the alarm down as she pushed the Lander up to combat speed putting the throttle through the stops into the danger zone, ten minutes at combat speed and the nuclear heart of the Lander would begin to overheat dangerously, but Ancore needed the emergency power if they were to survive this missile attack.
The Lander shot back along the valley Ancore desperately looking for outcrops of rock, she could use to dodge the missiles and throw them off track.
“Can't you kill some of those missiles Rogan,” she screamed at him, just then the rail gun fired twice, and the first two missiles were blown from the sky.
“I am on it,” he shouted back, trying to get a snap shot at the other missiles as the Lander jinked all over the sky then headed in a screaming dive for a rock outcrop.  Ancore hovered the Lander behind it, as the remaining missiles lost lock and exploded into the valley floor raising great geysers of rock and shale high into the air as the high-explosive heads detonated causing the Lander to ring like a giant bell as stones splattered them.
Ancore lifted the Lander above the rock outcrop and got a shock as unguided air to ground missiles flashed toward them from the three pulsejets that had suddenly appeared.  Rogan was frantically trying to get the rail gun firing at the Zedds, Ancore pushed the Lander into a screaming vertical climb as missiles exploded all over the rock outcrop blowing them upwards even faster, which probably saved them from destruction as laser beams lashed into the space they had just occupied.
Then they were free but because the Zedds were now below them Rogan couldn't bring the rail gun to bear on them until Ancore rolled the Lander onto its back, as she brought it around in a huge loop, he took a quick shot at the lead craft just as it put its nose up into a climb.  The blast of fire, and debris was very satisfying to Rogan, but that still left two more Zedds to kill.  The last two Zedds had split and were jinking and climbing lasers firing, as the beams flashed around the Lander Ancore prayed they were not hit in the nuclear reactor as it was close to the Bottom of the Lander.
She banked it onto its side giving Rogan a shot at the Zedds.  He wasn't slow this time, and another ball of flame blossomed then fell to earth.  The remaining Zedd was a brave foe and pressed home his attack regardless, scoring two direct hits before Rogan blew him out of the sky.  The Lander started fizzing internally and smoke started pouring into the cockpit as wiring in the bowels of the Lander shorted out causing a fire that began to spread toward the anti-gravity drives, Glaina, Breen, who was now wide awake and Rogan were busy pushing alarms off and triggering fire bottles as they tried to bring the fire under control.
Ancore took the Lander back toward the Pandava army lines as the crew got the blowers going clearing the smoke out of the cockpit.  They finally got the fire under control.  Now they could all take a breather and take stock of the situation, they found themselves in.  Most of the damage to the wiring was confined to the oxygen and cabin pressurization system.  It was not necessary to have either system working, but together they allowed them to climb into the upper atmosphere and stay there, safely out of range of the marauding pulsejets.
“Any idea if the damage to the wiring can be repaired tonight,” Ancore asked Breen.
“I need to get under the floor to assess fully the damage.  We will need to weld patches on the hull also where the laser beams entered to maintain cabin pressure.  The systems can't handle large leaks,” he replied.
“Will you and Adeetoo get on with the repairs directly we land please Breen,” requested Ancore.
“Yes captain,” he replied.
They landed back at Yudhishthira's headquarters tent and found that the day had been relatively quiet, with no pulse jet's bombing them the Pandava army had held their own all along the front line. Guards were being posted for the night as the enemy had begun carrying out night raids also, and they needed to keep the troops and supplies secure from harm so almost a sixth of the army was mounting night guard over the most sensitive areas.  This was the end of the seventh day of battle.


########



Chapter Thirteen



Day Eight dawned.  The welding torch was still brighter than the sun, which was just starting to show over the far hills, as Breen finished welding the last patch on the Landers outer hull.  Inside Adeetoo was finishing rewiring the automatic oxygen system and cabin pressurization, both systems were inter-linked and required the presence of the other to function correctly, so Adeetoo had repaired both systems.
The cockpit still reeked of burnt wiring, which was why Breen had opted to go outside and weld patches on the Lander hull, as he finished welding the last patch, he thought how lucky they had been as the wiring for the nuclear reactor feed rods had been so very close to catching fire and burning out.  That would have left them unable to alter power output to the drives controlling the anti-gravity units, leaving them wallowing at the mercy of the enemy, unless they could pull up the cockpit floor and alter the nuclear power rods by hand.  In the midst of a battle that would be highly unlikely.  Ancore, Rogan and Glaina were walking down to the Lander to check the progress of repairs before they collected Breen and went for breakfast, leaving Adeetoo to finish off and stand radio watch until they returned.
“Morning my love,” called Glaina as they caught sight of Breen clearing away the welding equipment before going to breakfast, the false hand that Adeetoo had made him had been very useful, as although it was plain metal it could grip things with surprising precision.
“Hello dear heart I was just finishing up, before coming to wake you for breakfast, Adeetoo is finishing off the rewire inside he shouldn't be very long now.  I opted for the welding to get me out in the fresh air.  It really stinks of burnt wiring in the cockpit,” he replied.
Ancore poked her head inside the cockpit, “how long before you finish Adeetoo,” she called.
“Ten minutes more captain,” he replied.
“Great please keep radio watch with Adeeone, when you have finished the repair,” she called as she quickly pulled her head out wrinkling her nose.  The stench was awful.
“We need to do something about that smell,” she told the others, “it’s overpowering in there.”
“I'll get some bunches of wild herbs to hang in the Lander after breakfast,” volunteered Glaina.
“An onion cut in half is supposed to suck up bad smells I have been told,” suggested Rogan.
They arrived at the mess tent and ordered chai and honeyed chapatti with fresh fruit, then began talking about the plans for the day.
“Once the smell in the cockpit has been neutralised, we can think about bombing that cave we found full of pulse jets yesterday.  They must have a large base there if the number of pulse jets we have destroyed so far is anything to go by,” pronounced Ancore.
“How do we bomb the cave without getting a whole flock of missiles fired at our rear end?  We'll be so busy dodging them, we won't get near the cave,” replied Rogan.
“My idea was to use the nuclear warhead that Nassel brought back from the red planet, dropping it on them from a great height, hoping to bring the mountain down on top of them,” answered Ancore.
“They might have three guided missiles with nuclear warheads that they could use against us.  We know they took three from the red planet, but we don't know where they have hidden them, if they are in the mountain cave, we could wipe out their nuclear capability in one bombing raid,” enthused Glaina.
“They took five warheads and three missiles from the red planet according to Nassel.  They have used two that we know of against Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa, so they could also have three warheads stashed in the cave, and three nuclear-tipped missiles.  I do not think we can pass up the chance of depriving the Zedds of a base full of pulsejets and possibly their entire nuclear arsenal.  However, difficult it is for us to carry out this mission,” Breen told the rest of the crew who were thoughtfully nodding in agreement.
“The question then remains, how are we to bomb them?  The warhead will have to have some sort of timer set to go off after it reaches the cave, do we bomb from a great height and possibly miss the target or do we bomb from low level, if from low level how,” asked Ancore?
“At a high level we could miss the cave entirely, so I think it would be better to bomb low level.  We could use a throwing motion, lobbing the bomb into the cave entrance, but I think we would need to practice the manoeuvre with a mock up bomb before we tried it for real,” suggested Rogan.
“Have we got enough time to manufacture a dummy bomb and find somewhere similar to the cave so that we can practice lobbing this mock bomb?” asked Breen.
“You are right; even if we can't practice we must bomb the cave today before they can remove everything they have hidden in there.”  Stated Ancore.
“Has anyone any idea how we are going to fix the bomb under the Lander so that we can lob it and set the fuse at the same time,” asked Rogan.
“I can weld a crude bomb release mechanism under the Lander, which will start the fused timer when it is released.  We just need to work out some figures for the bomb timer after it is released that would allow us to get clear before the bomb detonated, I'm thinking about a 40-second  delay,” said Breen.
“Wonderful Breen and the timing sounds about right at maximum speed that should put us roughly seven miles away when it explodes,” said Ancore happily, “can you get started right away Breen.”
“Yes Adeetoo and I will start now; it will probably take a few hours before we are ready.  We will have to take the Lander to Indraprastha to get a bomb so that we know the dimensions to build the bomb release to, if that is all right captain we should leave as soon as possible.”
“I will get a bunch of herbs, for the cabin smell,” said Glaina.
They broke up the meeting heading for the Lander.  Glaina heading for the women on cooking duty to scrounge up an onion and a few bunches of herbs, before making for the Lander.  The smell inside had been alleviated slightly by Ancore running the Blowers until Glaina arrived with a huge bunch of herbs and two onions that had been sliced in half, these were strewn around the cabin and did help somewhat although the acrid smell of charred wiring was still very strong.
They took off climbing over the battlefield, which at this time of morning looked peaceful and very colourful with all the different flags and banners fluttering among the different coloured tents in the light breeze.
They landed at Indraprastha and went straight to the armoury taking out a nuclear warhead.  It was spherical and weighed almost fifty kilogram's, Breen had to fit a lanyard between the bomb and the bomb rack so that when the bomb was released the lanyard started the timing mechanism to ignite the bomb, and it needed a wire leading into the cockpit that released the bomb itself.  He and Adeetoo checked the release mechanisms ten times each, making sure that there would not be a hitch, catching the bomb in a large padded basket under the Lander.
“Well the bomb release has been tested statically, captain and it works fine, but it might not work the same under operational conditions, we will have to trust that it's going to work all right because if it doesn't we will have only forty seconds to say a prayer before we are vaporised.”
“Well aren't you the cheerful one darling,” smiled Glaina with her teeth gritted.
“Does anyone not want to come on this mission,” asked Ancore, “Breen you have been up all night would you like to stay here and go to bed until we return for you.”
“No captain I wouldn't sleep worrying about you all, I'll come with you,” he grinned tiredly at her.
They rechecked the timer was set for forty seconds and the lanyard properly connected before boarding the Lander, strapping in and heading for the Himalayan foothills and the Zedd cave.  They were all very apprehensive about the outcome of the mission.  They would not use this terrible weapon normally.  However, this was an exceptional circumstance and they were at war.
It was now almost noon, Ancore thought if the Zedds were using the pulsejets to attack the Pandavan army, they would be there by now, and if they had decided to clear out from the cave, by this time it might be almost empty.  However, they could not have fitted the bomb rack any sooner or arrived any earlier, the Lander repairs had been very important to complete.  Just then, the radio burbled and Adeeone reported five pulsejets attacking the Pandavan army.
“We can't worry about that now Adeeone we are nearing our target and have our hands full,” Glaina told him.
They were now coming up rapidly on the mountain and cave system, Ancore took the Lander down to fifty feet above the valley floor as they barrelled in at full speed leaving a trail of dust spinning in their wake as she lined the Lander up on its target, everything seemed ominously quiet.
A mile from the cave she pulled the Lander up into a forty-five degree climb and pulled the bomb release.  They had no indication that it had released successfully and were all praying silently as Ancore steepened the climb thus arcing the Lander over onto its back and heading back the way they had come then rolling the Lander upright again.
Rogan was counting as Ancore put the throttles through the gate into combat speed, now they could only wait.  Rogan had reached thirty nine when the flash, heat and radiation hit them, it seemed like an age before the shock wave, and the sound hit them lifting the Lander and pushing it beyond Mach one.  Ancore eased back on the throttles and turned the Lander in a huge arc surveying the scene behind them, just as the returning shock wave hit them and again lifted and pushed the Lander.
They could see nothing of the cave system because of the huge pall of smoke and dust with a column rising into the upper atmosphere and fanning out sideways like a giant multi layered parasol, rent through with red fires deep in its ungodly heart.  As they hovered at twelve miles putting the screen to the highest magnification, they could slowly discern that the shape of the mountain had altered as millions of tons of rock had slid down burying the cave from their sight.  Glaina whooped with relief as Breen, Rogan and Ancore all started talking at once, the tension slowly draining out of them.
“Breen you’re a genius the bomb release worked perfectly,” Called Ancore excitedly.
“I admit I wasn't totally sure it would work,” he replied tiredly now that it was successfully over he could hardly keep his eyes open.
Rogan called to Ancore, “the pulse jets attacking the armies are likely to be returning after a successful mission, should we track them and see where they are headed for.”
“Good idea Rogan,” she called lifting the nose of the Lander into a climb toward the Pandava front lines.  Suddenly, five heat signatures showed on screen heading toward them.  Ancore took the Lander above thirty thousand feet and started tracking them; they were heading back toward the cave when they must have seen the unmistakable mushroom cloud on the horizon ahead.  Suddenly, they turned away and took up a new heading toward Hastinapura.  “I think they have realised the cave has been bombed.  I hope they will run out of fuel before they reach Hastinapura.  As a precaution I think we should follow them, if they do or don't make it, we will blow them up as they try to land,” she called to Rogan who was manning the rail gun controls.
They followed the pulsejets back to Hastinapura, but as they neared the palace grounds twenty miles away, they came under radar scrutiny and the Zedd black ship lifted into sight and formed up on the approaching pulse jets then led them around to face the Lander.
“It looks as though the Zedds are spoiling for a fight, I don't think we are up to a confrontation at the moment,” said Ancore as she swung the Lander around and accelerated away back toward the Pandava lines, “are they following Glaina,” she asked.
“No it looks as though the pulse jets are landing and the Zedd ship is guarding them,” she called back.
“Well we don't appear to have destroyed as much of the Zedd war machine as we thought we might have,” remarked Breen sleepily.
“They must have lost a lot of equipment stored in the cave, they couldn't have got it all out in time surely,” commented Ancore.
“As the pulse jets were going to return to the cave, I think that we must have destroyed them all except that five, plus all the fuel and spares they probably had stored in there, we know the Zedd ship wasn't there but the big question is did we destroy their nuclear arsenal,” asked Rogan.
“We will have to wait and see I think,” replied Ancore.
They reached the Pandava lines and saw the destruction the pulsejets had caused bombing the Pandavan army with impunity.  Fires were raging along the whole front.  When they landed and entered Yudhishthira's tent, they found most of the army commanders there discussing tactics, they quickly explained what had occurred that day and that they still did not know if they had destroyed the Zedds nuclear capability, but at least five pulse jets and the Zedd ship had escaped.
Yudhishthira told them not to worry about it, they had done their best, “now we will have to wait and see what they throw against us, meantime hoping our spies can come up with some answers,” he told them.
“We have been hearing very disturbing reports from our spies that they are about to launch Kapila's Glance on us,” Arjuna told them.
“What is Kapila's Glance?” asked Ancore completely mystified.
“That's the problem we don't know, all our spies can tell us is that it can burn fifty thousand warriors to ash in seconds.  We hoped you might have some idea of what we might be up against,” replied Arjuna.
Bhima spoke, “our troops have heard the news, and it has swept through the armies like wildfire.  Our troops are terrified, they are saying, as if it is not enough to be attacked daily by horrific weapons dropped on us from celestial flying machines, we now face being burnt to ash by Kapila’s Glance.  We have all our most loyal troops tied up guarding the others to stop them from deserting,” he told them. “What we need is a victory of some sort to show the army that the enemy is not invincible,” explained Yudhishthira.
“We don't like to attack helpless troops with our flying machine, but the enemy has done just that, so tomorrow we will attack them with the rail gun this will inflict terrible casualties among the enemy troops.  Maybe that will hearten the troops under your command Yudhishthira and stop the desertions, meantime we will have to think what Kapila's Glance might be and try to stop them using it,” pronounced Ancore.
That was the end of day eight of the war.
Day Nine was sunny again; all the troops had been called together for a pep talk from their various commanders, who had agreed to tell their armies the same basic message.  Yudhishthira addressed his warriors.  “My brave Kshatriya, brothers in arms, I know you have been worried by the attacks from celestial craft using celestial weapons on us.  Our celestial allies the Coorg have been busy destroying those enemy craft and have killed thirteen of them so far.  They have also buried their base in the Himalayan Mountains under a whole mountainside.  The enemy mother ship and five of the celestial craft that have been attacking us managed to escape.  Our celestial allies have also attacked the compounds at Hastinapura and destroyed them.  So far, brothers we have fought a reasonably just war, but the Kaurava enemy has attacked us from the skies.  Now it is our turn, today you will witness what destruction our celestial allies the Coorg can inflict on the Kaurava troops and their allies.  We have so far held our hand, but this day you shall see destruction on the enemy tenfold, for any hurt he has inflicted on us.  Today, my brother warriors we shall sit back and watch the fearsome destruction our allies can inflict on our enemy.”  The cheers rang up and down the front lines, the enemy troops looking startled by the huge sound of cheering from millions of throats, and slightly apprehensive about it.
Ancore took off and climbed to five thousand feet then starting at Yudhishthira's end of the battle lines, they leisurely flew along the Kaurava front line.  Rogan firing the miniature hydrogen bomb discs at enemy command posts, troop concentrations, rocket supply wagons, the destruction was horrific far worse than anything the Zedds had been able to inflict on the Pandava army.
They only flew along the Kaurava line once but expended a hundred discs before they returned and landed at Yudhishthira's headquarters the Pandava army was watching in stunned silence.  They had never thought that just one celestial Lander could create such appalling destruction on the enemy army, and were secretly glad the Coorg were on their side in this war.  Huge fires were roaring through the enemy lines it was complete pandemonium at least five hundred thousand men, thousands of horses, hundreds of elephants, and countless rocket wagons.  Sacks of everlasting fire, and other supplies had just been annihilated in less than thirty minutes, even Yudhishthira and his generals could not comprehend the awesome amount of destruction in such a short time.  They were so stunned by what they had witnessed that they just sat and watched with their troops, nobody even thought of attacking the enemy troops, which were in complete disarray, and profound shock.
The crew disembarked from the Lander leaving Adeetoo on radio watch.  Glaina barely reached the ground before she was clutching onto one of the Lander legs and noisily brought up her breakfast with tears streaming from her eyes.  Ancore herself was having trouble holding down her own breakfast and seeing where she was going for tears that were falling unbidden from her eyes, and was vowing to herself that her crew would never again cause such carnage on the unfortunate inhabitants of this planet, enemy troops or not.  They were helpless against attack from the air.  It was sheer murder, and it did not sit well with her or her crew.
Breen climbed out and clumsily tried to console Glaina, who had finished upchucking and was leaning on the landing leg trying to compose herself.
Rogan climbed out ashen faced, “Don't ever ask me to do that again captain.  It was nothing but cold-blooded murder," he said as he limped away to be on his own, trying to live with the horror he had just inflicted on the helpless Kaurava army.
That afternoon at a meeting of all the commanders, Ancore told Yudhishthira and the other commanders.  “We will not under any circumstances repeat the attack on the Kaurava army that we carried out this day.  It is not warfare but murder, and I cannot in all conscience ask my crew to do anything so distressing and criminal ever again.”
Yudhishthira replied for them all when he said, “you are right Ancore.  I do not believe anyone in this company realised just how devastating your celestial weapons could be against an army.  It has opened our eyes Ancore, to the awesome power that you and your crew wield on our behalf.  You have my word as grand commander of the army that we will never ask you to repeat what you have accomplished this day.  However, please be assured that it was necessary, to bolster the morale of our troops and stop them deserting en-masse, especially after the rumour about Kapila's Glance swept through the army yesterday, by the way, have you any idea what sort of a weapon it may be?”
“We have no clue at the moment, but it is possible that whatever it was has been destroyed when the Himalayan cave system was obliterated,” she replied.
Nothing else of any note happened the rest of that day.  The Pandavan army watched the Kaurava army as its commanders struggled to regain command of their panicky troops, and then set them to work to clean up the carnage wrought by the Landers rail gun.
Thus ended day Nine of the war.
Day Ten started utterly calm, not even the hint of a breeze to stir the many flags hanging lifeless from chariots, tents and troop muster points.  It would be very hot today, and the troops were making sure their water bottles were full to the brim before they corked them.  Ancore and the rest of the crew, finished breakfast then waited for the first attacks by the Pandava army to begin.  When the attacks were well under way, the crew boarded the Lander.  Ancore took off and drifted over the front lines.  The Kaurava troops were in panic thinking they were to be attacked from the air like yesterday and tried to retreat, but the Pandavan army pushed forward instead cutting them down until their commanders managed to rally them and get them to hold their ground.  Meanwhile, the Lander drifted along causing terror along the whole of the Kaurava army front lines.
“Well that ploy seemed to work,” remarked Breen, “Bhima was right our very presence has terrified them, and let the Pandavas advance along a broad front.”
“It hasn't lasted too long.  They are already managing to slow down the advance, soon it will come to a halt,” replied Rogan.
“At least the Zedds haven't appeared yet,” chipped in Glaina.
“We should really be attacking them with all we have, instead of sitting here waiting for them to attack us,” Ancore told them.
“We did promise Yudhishthira we would hang around and protect his troops today,” Rogan responded.
“Then while there isn't a lot happening maybe we could devise a plan to knock out the Zedd ship.  It is such a huge threat to us still, and could affect the outcome of the whole war eventually,” suggested Ancore.
For the next hour no one spoke, as they wrestled with the thorny problem of destroying the Zedds without putting themselves or the Lander at risk, no one came up with a foolproof plan.
Around lunchtime, the Kaurava rallied and three separate Kaurava armies are thrown into battle against the Kirati troops at one end of the front line.  This was even more than the brave Kirati could cope with, and they were slowly being pushed backwards into their own rear lines.
A galloper was sent for urgent assistance before they were forced to fight among their own wounded.  At the last moment, help arrived, Arjuna had sent them twenty rocket carts loaded with explosive and fire rockets.
The bombardier teams lined up the wagons and opened fire into the massed ranks of the Kaurava warriors the destruction among them was awful to behold.  Still the rockets exploded among them and drenched them in fire as they started to fall back rapidly so the Kirati rallied even the wounded getting into the action and attacking the survivors of the bombardment as they tried to retreat. From being about to be overrun by superior numbers of Kaurava, the Kirati had managed to turn the tables with the arrival of the rocket carts, and the Kaurava forces were now in full flight.  The Kaurava suffered large losses almost an entire army wiped out this day.
Along the rest of the front, the Kaurava troops had rallied and were easily holding their own against the hit-and-run tactics of the Pandavas.
Thus ended day Ten of the war.
Day Eleven was going to be another windless and very hot day.  The crew sat around with the Pandava brothers, drinking chai and eating honeyed chapatti and fruit, while discussing today's strategy over breakfast.
“We haven't tried advancing in force on one part of the enemy front line hiding in our midst wagon loads of fire rockets to be used when we need to make more progress.  It will get the rockets much closer giving them a far greater range, maybe far enough to get at their reserve troop concentrations,” opined Arjuna taking a banana from the fruit bowl.
“Yes it sounds like a viable strategy, but if the enemy fire flaming weapons at you, and any of the rocket wagons catch alight you could be in worse trouble from your own rockets than the enemies,” replied Bhima.
“It is well worth the risk if we can get right in among them and hit their reserves hard we might very well force a complete breach in their lines, and then roll them up on both sides,” enthused Arjuna. Yudhishthira sat weighing the merits of Arjuna proposal, “I like the plan Arjuna, but would counsel that we use our own army for this venture.  If possible, I would like to give the Kirati under their new Senapati a bit of a rest today they fought a magnificent battle with three armies under the command of Duryodhana himself, and managed with the help of the rocket reinforcements you sent them Arjuna, to proceed to wipe out a whole army.  That must have left Duryodhana sick at heart.  If we use our own troops, we can call on King Muktananda's Lankan army for reinforcements if we manage to force a breach, the Kamboja cavalry could be used to great effect once their armies were on the run.”
Arjuna was all smiles.  “I'm glad you agree brother.  I think this plan has an excellent chance of success.  I will send gallopers back when we need reinforcements.”
“What are your plans for today Ancore,” asked Yudhishthira.
“We shall be checking out the Zedds at Hastinapura this morning, also we hope to stop them attacking your army from the air with their pulse jets,” she replied.
“Good we cannot really afford to absorb more attacks from the air at the moment.”
The crew took off climbing rapidly to thirty thousand feet.  They flew over Hastinapura checking what the Zedds might be up to, all was quiet.  The pulsejets were lined up on ramps all five of them, and a new covered compound had been erected.
Before they could observe further, the Zedd ship rose and started climbing towards them.  Ancore flew away back to the Pandava lines, as Adeeone radioed that the Zedd ship had again flown toward the Himalayas leaving the pulsejets guarded by rings of missile batteries.  Ancore thanked Adeeone, and they flew high above the front lines watching the battles ebb and flow beneath them.
Arjuna leading the Pandava army was attacking the Kauravas with great vigour and gradually forcing them back on a five thousand-metre front gradually his troops were funnelling through the middle of the Kaurava army, toward the mass of reserves at the rear.  Just as the Kaurava has started to commit their reserves to the battle, the Pandava troops threw the covers off the wagons in their midst, revealing batteries of explosive and fire rockets.
These were aimed at the Kaurava reserve troops, and suddenly they opened fire, long ripples of rockets flaming their way into the enemy reserve troops exploding among them and raining fire down on top of them.  The units that had been about to charge forward to support their hard-pressed troops, were being slaughtered by the thousands.  They faltered and broke rushing rearward away from the death raining on them from the sky.  A huge cheer went up from the Pandava lines as they pressed forward even harder forcing the front line back into its own rear lines.  As the enemy finally broke and Arjuna found himself with a whole army, split from its main force.  He sent out gallopers and drew in the Lankan reserves then holding the main northern flank with his reserves, he turned his army on the southern flank to mop up the isolated Kaurava army on that side eventually wiping out those that refused to surrender.
This had taken most of the afternoon to accomplish.  Meantime the rest of the Kaurava army had rallied under Drona and were forming into a huge force threatening to overrun Arjuna's army.  Arjuna ordered an orderly retreat into their own lines, which they accomplished successfully with the help of the Lankan reserves.
Arjuna was jubilant that evening his ploy had not completely succeeded, but it had destroyed one and a half of the Kaurava armies this must amount to almost a half million men who had been killed, wounded or surrendered this day.
That ended day eleven of the war.
Day Twelve saw Arjuna sent to the far end of the Pandavan lines to sort out the havoc that had been caused during the night by Kaurava warriors.  They had raided all night in large numbers and managed to kill the Harrapan Senapati and most of his officers while they had been sleeping.  Arjuna now had the task of sorting out the mess and appointing a new commander and officers, while ensuring that the armies mount a secure guard against any repetition of the night attacks.
While Arjuna is engaged at the far end of the Pandava lines.  At the other end of the lines, Drona had formed the Kaurava army into the iron disc of war and were advancing into the Pandava lines; Arjuna is the only one who knows how to break apart the disc.  However, by the time a galloper has located Arjuna, and he has ridden back to take charge it may well be too late.  While Yudhishthira ponders the problem, Arjuna's son Abhimanyu tells Yudhishthira.
“Uncle I know the secret of the iron disc.  I learnt it from my father, if you give me command of ten Vyuha.  I will open a breach in the disc for you that will enable you to enter with reinforcements and destroy the disc from within.”
“Very well young Abhimanyu, we haven't time to fetch your father, and we need to act now.  I shall instruct my ten best Vyuha to follow your lead.  Bhima and I will be waiting for the breach then we will attack and destroy them from within,” Yudhishthira led the lad outside and instructed ten of his best Vyuha to follow the lad's orders, as though he had given them the order himself.
Yudhishthira gave the orders that readied his warriors, and then Bhima and he waited for Abhimanyu to breach the iron disc of war.  They watched with eager interest as the Vyuha under young Abhimanyu circled to one side of the disc when they came to a point on the disc that had four chariots on the outer edge, immediately two war elephants were sent charging into the chariots.  The horse teams were terrified and tried bolting.  The charioteers had their hands full trying to control the plunging panic-stricken animals.  One chariot overturned then the elephants were among them crushing chariots and tossing aside men and horses.  Abhimanyu had been waiting for that moment.  His Vyuha charged into the pandemonium cutting a swathe through the disc and rampaging onward toward the centre.
Yudhishthira and Bhima led their men forward charging toward the breach that had now opened in the iron disc formation.  On the Kaurava side, Drona was quick to see what was happening, he sent Jayadratha with half the reserves to close the breach in the disc.  Jayadratha, and the reserves reached the breach moments before Yudhishthira and Bhima with their warriors could get there.  When they arrived only seconds later, the breach had been closed and Abhimanyu with his Vyuha was trapped inside, where the other half of Drona's reserve attacked them, after a brief but bloody battle the brave Abhimanyu and his men were killed.
Try as they might Yudhishthira and Bhima could not break into the disc to save the lad.  Eventually, they had to retreat and bring in reinforcements to hold back the advance of the iron disc of war.
“There must be a way to stop this disc,” Yudhishthira said as he and Bhima reached the command post.
“We haven't tried a charge of massed elephants.  Abhimanyu started opening a breach with only two beasts, what if we use a hundred against the disc, aiming them all at the same spot on the disc.  Wouldn't that open them up for slaughter,” Bhima suggested. “Yes we will try it, can you organise that while I send a galloper to Arjuna with the terrible news about his son,” Yudhishthira replied distractedly.
Bhima ordered one hundred war elephants assembled each covered in thick leather armour with metal head armour that sported ferocious looking spikes.  They were a fearsome sight indeed and when charging at the enemy they would cause even the bravest of warriors to cringe and recoil.
They lined up twenty wide and five deep facing the iron disc of war that was slowly pushing back the Pandava front lines, meanwhile Bhima was organising the reserve troops to press forward when the war elephants opened a breach in the disc.  Each valiant beast was given a skin of wine to drink before the charge took place, and their handlers were having a hard job controlling them.
Yudhishthira returning and seeing the preparations complete gave the order for the charge.  Elephants were squealing in rage, as they charged the iron disc.  Following them were the spearmen and behind them the cavalry, covering them all were the archer's firing volley after volley of arrows ahead of the mass of charging enraged elephants.
The Kaurava had brought forward their archers firing the three-metre long arrows.  Twelve elephants in the front rank were brought down crying in agony and spraying blood, or killed outright, but before they could really make an impact on the charging elephants the rest were on top of them.  Spearmen and archers were crushed under tons of maddened squealing war elephants, which careered into the iron disc killing anything that was before them.
A large breach opened before Drona could reorganise his forces, and into it poured the fresh Pandava reserve troops killing anything that the elephants had missed right into the heart of the disc that was now in disarray.  Drona realising that he could not maintain the integrity of the disc called in reinforcements and ordered an orderly withdrawal.  Before the elephants were all finally, destroyed, terrible destruction among the Kaurava had resulted, and the Pandava forces were now gaining the upper hand.  Eventually, the Pandava forces were held, by the Kaurava reserves, and both sides fell back in an orderly manner, as it was gone four o'clock in the afternoon and time to let the medical corps, onto the field to help the wounded, and the cleanup crews to stack and retrieve bodies and weapons and generally clean up the battlefield.
Abhimanyu's slain body was retrieved and brought with due ceremony to Arjuna's tent where he was cleaned, and anointed with sweet smelling unguents, and dressed in his finest clothes.  Then the lad was laid in state, guarded by a brave warrior with lowered head at each corner, arms resting lightly on their unsheathed sword pommels, his body still and silent forever, awaiting the return of his father.
That evening Arjuna arrived back in camp, his face grim and terrible to behold.  His brothers solemnly greeted his return.  Yudhishthira put his arms on Arjuna's shoulders addressing his brother while looking deep into his eyes, tears running down his cheeks.  “Drona was attacking us; he had formed his warriors into the iron disc of war and was pushing us back.  We needed to break the disc but did not know how.  All our attempts had ended in failure.  It was then Abhimanyu came to me, he told me he knew the secret of the disc, and if I gave him ten Vyuha, he would open a breach into it that would let me destroy it from within.  We were sorely pressed for time otherwise brother you would have been fetched.  I gave Abhimanyu my best warriors and off, he went, flags flying bravely as he circled the iron disc.  About a quarter of the way around the outside he spied what he was looking for four chariots together on the outer rim, immediately he sent in two war elephants who smashed the chariots, then Abhimanyu and his men charged after them, cutting a huge swathe into the iron disc penetrating its very interior.  Immediately, our forces charged toward the breach, but their reserves under Jayadratha beat us to the breach, and sealed it behind Abhimanyu.  Try as we might we could not force an entry to save your son, who was fighting valiantly with his warriors against overwhelming odds.  He refused to surrender and in a short time, he and his Vyuha were slain.  Still, we were being driven back until Bhima suggested that if two elephants at a specific point could force a breach, if we sent in one hundred against one point, we should be able to force entry into the disc.  This was what happened.  The disc was forced and Drona beaten back with considerable losses.  We recovered brave Abhimanyu and have washed him with all due ceremony, anointed him and dressed him in his finest clothes.  He lays waiting for you in yonder tent Brother.”
“That snake Jayadratha you say, sealed the breach.”
“Yes brother,” replied Yudhishthira sadly dropping his arms.
Arjuna spun on his heels and left the tent, he went straight to the tent containing his son's body, and there he stood one hand on Abhimanyu's shoulder, looking down into that peaceful face.
“Ahh son,” he lamented.  “I had such hopes and dreams for you, to see you enthroned as a king in your own right, ruling with justice and compassion, now that will never be because of that vile serpent Jayadratha.”
His voice grew louder in unbidden rage, penetrating to the tent of Yudhishthira, as he gazed heavenward, and swore a terrible oath.  “I vow by all the gods that tomorrow I shall kill Jayadratha before nightfall, if I fail, I shall throw myself into the cooking fire.”
When Yudhishthira and the rest of Arjuna's brothers heard the terrible oath, they blanched, the thought of losing not only a brother but also the most valiant warrior amongst them if he failed to kill Jayadratha tomorrow made them feel sick inside.
Thus ended day Twelve of the war.



########



Chapter Fourteen



Day Thirteen dawned.  The crew had heard about Arjuna’s oath and was as worried as all his brothers were, especially as the whole army seemed to be discussing it, bets were being taken that he wouldn't be able to kill Jayadratha before nightfall.  What was even more worrying was if it was common knowledge among the Pandava army then the Kaurava, high command knew it also.  They would make sure that Arjuna had no opportunity to get near enough to Jayadratha and kill him while it was still daylight.
This proved to be the case, try as he might Arjuna could not get near enough to Jayadratha to kill him; fifty warriors guarded him closely wherever he went, and kept well back from the front lines.
Arjuna tried breaking through the lines with cavalry, elephants, and fire rockets, anything to get within arrow shot of Jayadratha, all to no avail, each time he was rushed to the rear surrounded by his bodyguard of warriors.
As the day wore on the warriors, guarding Jayadratha began shouting insults at Arjuna, “HEY DOGS BREATH, IT IS THE FIRE TONIGHT FOR YOU.  YOU SHOULD DALLY WITH THE HARLOT, YOU CALL A WIFE THIS AFTERNOON.  AS TONIGHT, YOU WILL BE ON THE FIRE AND YOUR FIFTH OF THE COMMUNAL WIFE WILL BE COMMITTING SUTTEE.  WE ARE TAKING BETS AS TO WHICH PIECE IT WILL BE.”
Arjuna seethed with anger, but was powerless to stop the taunts; they will laugh on the other side of their faces soon he muttered to himself.
During the afternoon, the sky started to cloud up until the sun became completely hidden, the whole sky looking leaden.  Strive as it might the Pandava army could not get Arjuna close enough to Jayadratha for him to complete his oath and kill him.  Soon, they estimated it was gone four p.m.; the medics and the clear up crews were now allowed onto the battlefield to rescue and tend the wounded and clear away the bodies.  This was when Sahadeva, came to his brother with a sketchy plan.
“Brother could you not disguise yourself as a medic and draw close enough to Jayadratha to kill him when his Kshatriya let down their guard as nightfall closes in,” he asked him.
As they were discussing it the crew landed and entered the tent, as they listened to the plan Rogan interrupted them, “do you know there will be an eclipse of the sun in about an hour's time, and it will seem as if night has fallen slightly early tonight.”
Sahadeva exulted, “that is perfect when his men put down their weapons thinking night has fallen you will be able to draw near enough to kill, that snake Jayadratha, and still keep your vow brother.”
Bhima spoke “we will brief warriors to cover you directly you have fulfilled your vow on your retreat to our lines, by the gods we will bring this off brother.”
Arjuna and Krishna put on cloaks, bow and arrows hidden beneath them, and mingled with the medics and the untouchables as they cleared the battlefield.  Gradually, they worked their way towards the spot where Jayadratha and the bodyguards were drinking chai and taking bets on which part of her body Draupadi would sacrifice if any.  Many lewd suggestions were causing roars of laughter, especially as someone vowed that twenty minutes with him would leave her smoking and ruined for any other lover.
Gradually, it started to get dark and torches are being lit, when one of Jayadratha's bodyguards remarked that it was a bit early to be getting dark, but nobody took him seriously.  Jayadratha stood saying, “Arjuna has failed its nightfall, and I am still alive, UGGHhhh.”
The shaft of an arrow blossomed at his throat.  His hands clutched at it as the blood cascaded down through his fingers like a black river, the darkness closed in. Pandemonium reigned among the bodyguard.  Extra torches are lit.  A cry of assassins filled the air as the bodyguard rushed around trying to find the culprits, and then they began shouting Arjuna had broken his oath and deserved death.
Arjuna and Krishna were carrying a wounded warrior on a makeshift stretcher they had picked up on the battlefield and blended into the general movement back into their own lines, Bhima and his men were not needed as a rescue cover.
They had just made it back to their own lines when the light began to return as the sun started coming out from behind the full moon, although all was still hidden behind the cloud cover.
When they arrived back at Yudhishthira's tent, they were welcomed as heroes as the news of the slaying of Jayadratha spread like wildfire through the armies on both sides.  All Arjuna would say about it was Abhimanyu has been avenged; it was left to Krishna to tell the assembled company all the details.
“We had just crept to within fifty metres of his bodyguard who were sitting down drinking chai, when Jayadratha suddenly stood in their midst boasting he had beaten Arjuna.  Arjuna took the opportunity for a magnificent snapshot that hit the snake Jayadratha in the throat, just as he finished boasting he was still alive.  We lay prone for a minute after the shot as darkness fell fully, and then we crept back away from the hullabaloo toward our own lines.  We came across one of our wounded warriors, so we made a stretcher out of spears and our cloaks and then carried him back to our own lines, without anyone noticing us.”  Yudhishthira smiling called for his finest stallion to be brought to him, this, he duly presented to his brother Arjuna, “Brother take this, my finest stallion, let him be sacrificed that he may carry your brave son Abhimanyu during his journeys in the afterlife.”
“Thank you brother for my son, I accept,” said Arjuna embracing his brother.
Later, that evening with great ceremony before Yudhishthira, and the rest of his brothers, the crew and assembled Kings and dignitaries, and with the rest of the army looking on Arjuna lit the great pyre on which rested his son's body, then sacrificed the magnificent stallion Yudhishthira had donated to his son Abhimanyu.
Those nearby heard him whisper, “until we meet again my son may the gods watch over you,” as the flames of the pyre suddenly took hold and began roaring skyward, the heat forcing the mourners back as the flames devoured the bodies of the son and the stallion.
So ended day Thirteen.
Day Fourteen dawned with news arriving of the destruction of the cities of Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa.  The news spread like wildfire through the Pandava army, all the reports spoke of a celestial craft that dropped a weapon of celestial iron on them.  It blazed like a thousand suns, and caused a pillar of smoke like a giant parasol as it destroyed both cities.  In the aftermath, birds turned white and fell from the skies, all the food and grain for miles around was poisoned.  Survivors were badly burnt, and sores and itching developed as warriors threw themselves into the river trying to wash off the poison, but the relief only lasted a short while, later peoples hair and teeth began to fall out.  Both cities are utterly destroyed, what peoples that survived have fled, but are dying a horrible death from the poisonous cloud that the celestial weapons left behind.
Yudhishthira called all the heads of armies together, to discuss how to persuade the Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa armies to stay and fight, and take their revenge on the Zedds and Kauravas by destroying them.  Ancore was now convinced that nothing less than the full destruction of the Zedds at the earliest was called for.  She had reservations about the ability of two Landers to knock out the Zedd disc and the five remaining pulse jets without losing the Landers in the process, especially as only one Lander had a rail gun, the other sporting a laser that couldn't deliver a fatal blow to the Zedd disc.
Yudhishthira and his brothers along with Muktananda the King of Lanka called the Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa armies together and addressed them to try to divert them from packing up and going home, so they could search for their loved ones and confirm the destruction reports with their own eyes.
“Brother Warriors, we have called you all together today because of the grave news that has reached us this day, of the total destruction of Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa by the allies of the Kaurava, the celestial Zedds.  We are assured that they have destroyed the cities, no stone is left standing above another for miles around the cities, and beyond that, the poison cloud has killed hundreds of thousands more in a huge area of up to fifty kilometres from the city centres.  The Zedds and the Kaurava between them have destroyed your homes, and your loved ones, now brother warriors is the time to wreak vengeance on them for the terrible wrongs they have inflicted on you all.  We have a plan that with your help and the help of our celestial allies the Coorg will see the Zedds completely wiped out, and thus end this terrible war with the Kaurava army defeated.  Give me your services for another five days, at the end of that time you will be free to return to your former homes or make a new life here.  Either way you shall be well rewarded for your loyalty to us.  What say you, will you stay for another five days and take your vengeance on the Zedds and their Kaurava allies, wipe them out once and for all time.”  A huge roar of assent rolled forth from the two armies. Yudhishthira and his brothers had left nothing to chance having already bribed some of the men and officers to spread the idea of avenging their loved ones before going home.
They began returning to their duties when a shock wave much diminished followed by a loud rumble assailed their senses; they all looked questioningly at one another wondering what had happened.  Ancore went back to the Lander and called Adeeone on high cover.
“I have been trying to call you captain, the Zedd ship and the pulse jets have attacked the Pandavan army on the far end of the front line.  There has been a huge explosion and the Zedds have now returned to Hastinapura.”
“Sorry Adeeone we were all engaged in trying to persuade the Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa armies to stay and fight, keep watch for the Zedds.  I will send someone to sit by the radio, so we don't get caught out again.”  Returning to Yudhishthira's tent she explained to them all that Adeeone had reported.  Then sent Adeetoo to maintain radio watch while they worked on a plan to destroy the Zedds once and for all.
An hour later, a galloper arrives from the other end of the lines where the Lankan and Kirati armies are stationed.  The tale he relates is terrible in the extreme the Zedd ship, and the pulsejets had attacked and released Kapila's Glance on the helpless armies.  The black disc had dropped a large device from a great height it went off when it was still very high above the ground and burnt to ash the warriors beneath it, at least fifty thousand men had vanished completely.  And for nearly a kilometre around the area close to the blast were men torn to pieces, but farther out men were dead and the only tell-tale signs were blood from their ears, nose, mouths and anus.  In all, nearly two hundred and fifty thousand men are estimated to be dead.
Breen spoke to the assembly, “this weapon doesn’t sound nuclear it has all the hallmarks of a fire bomb.  I think they have deployed a massive airburst firebomb.  It was one of the most powerful weapons in our past history that was non-nuclear.”
“Thank you Breen unfortunately knowing what they have used against us is not a lot of help at this moment,” Ancore answered.
Breen replied, “It does mean that when we bombed their cave in the Himalayas, we did destroy their remaining nuclear weapons, which is why they have had to devise this weapon, Kapila's Glance.” Yudhishthira smiled and thanked him before he ordered relief columns, medics and supplies transported to the area immediately to search for survivors.
They came together in Yudhishthira's tent all the brothers and the crew, plus the heads of the Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa armies to plan their next moves to rid themselves of the Zedds and the Kaurava dynasty.
Ancore spoke first, “I do not want to go head to head with the Zedds ships against ours.  The outcome would not be at all certain.  What I suggest is a dawn ground raid against their base at Hastinapura, with our Lander craft used as a backup.  We could be there ready to attack just before dawn, using explosive charges, we could knock out their pulse jets first then concentrate on knocking out the Zedd ship, if we can't get to it with our ground forces, then we can use both Landers to attack it.”
Nobody had a better suggestion, so it was agreed.  They would spend the rest of the day ferrying troops and supplies to a hidden spot as close to Hastinapura and the Zedd ships as they could get.  They had a Kaurava warrior who had changed sides in exchange for his life, who would show them a spot close to Hastinapura where they could lay up until nightfall.
“How many warriors will you need Ancore,” asked Bhima?
“A hundred should be plenty.  It will take us the rest of the day to ferry them all to the assembly point,” she replied.
“We only have fifty laser hand weapons and no time to train the warriors to use them properly, I suggest we set up a target here, show the warriors how to use the lasers then pick the ones to go with us from the ones who seem to have a natural aptitude for the weapon,” said Rogan.
Yudhishthira was nodding agreement, “I'll organise three hundred of the best warriors from Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa so that you can make a selection Rogan, and these warriors will have a vested interest in getting to grips with the Zedds.”
Ancore turned to the rest of the crew, “Glaina, I would like you to pilot the Lander and ferry the warriors to the assembly point.  I, Rogan and Breen will show the warriors how to use the lasers and pick out the ones who show the most aptitude, now we had better unload the weapons from the Lander and set up some targets,” she suggested.
Yudhishthira had assembled three hundred of the two army’s finest warriors for Ancore, Rogan and Breen to put through their paces with the laser handguns, each time they picked out ten they are sent to collect their belongings and weapons and fill their water bottles, before Glaina ferried them to the assembly point.  The crew spent most of that day picking out, then ferrying the warriors to the assembly point, and flying out provisions, water and blankets.  Then when they were all at the assembly point with the explosive charge satchels safely stowed out of harm’s way, they could take stock of their surroundings.
They were in a natural ravine, hidden from general view by the wood growing thickly over the top of it, the Kaurava palace and the Zedds were barely a kilometre away.  It was an ideal place to layup for the evening and organise for the coming conflict. They spent the rest of that evening briefing the men and relaying the plans to Adeeone on high watch.  They would go in at four a.m.  The aim was silently to kill any guards around the pulsejets and place satchel charges on them, and then gather for the main attack on the Zedd ship.  This would be led by the officer in charge of the warriors who went by the name of Tausiq, a fine figure of a man with flowing moustache and brown intelligent eyes, and very muscular, who had been one of Ancore and Rogan’s star pupils when they were teaching Kalarippayat to the emperor's army.
Since his entire family lived, in Mohenjo-Daru, except one of his brothers who had held a high position in the Harappa civil administration and whose family lived there and had been on duty in the city presumably when the Zedds had destroyed it and Mohenjo-Daru.  Therefore, he had a consuming hatred of the Zedds, as did all the rest of the warriors, who were thirsting for revenge.
Ancore and the rest of the crew would be flying the Lander, and along with Adeeone in the other Lander would launch a concerted attack on the Zedd ship, hoping to destroy it on the ground, directly they receive the laser flash signalling the ground troops have set the satchel charges on the pulsejets.  With the plan in place, they try to get some sleep as they intend setting off at two a.m.
So ended day Fourteen of the war.
Day Fifteen, started at two a.m. for Ancore’s forces, the ground troops silently filing out of the ravine heading toward the palace, in the distance, for Ancore and the rest of the crew it was now an agonising wait.  Gradually, the sky started to lighten slightly, and they boarded the Lander in preparation for the laser signal.
At last, it came, a single flash.  Ancore took off staying at just twenty feet above the ground she cruised toward the palace as Adeeone brought the other Lander down from on high in a screaming dive.  Just as they neared the palace all hell broke loose, laser beams were flashing from the palace toward the compounds then five explosions in quick succession came from the area of the compounds and the pulsejets.  Missiles were tracking skyward towards Adeeone, also some seemed to be fired at the invading ground force causing huge ground explosions, and then Ancore and the Lander came under attack Bleee Blaaah Bleee Blaaah.  Rogan turned the missile alarm down and returned fire on the battery that had targeted them.
The black disc was lifting above the palace when Rogan opened fire on it, Ancore was now jinking wildly all over the sky as missiles erupted from the Zedd disc and locked onto them Rogan started taking them out and any free second he had from knocking out missiles.  He fired at the Zedd ship.
Adeeone now joined the fight, which now halved the number of missiles aimed at Ancore as she fought to elude the missiles; Rogan now had a bit more time to concentrate fire on the disc.  They were now nearing the army lines when Rogan hit the disc, at the same moment two missiles went off close to Adeeone in the other Lander, he pulled around and headed straight for the enemy disc, smoke now started to pour from the Lander.  They all heard him say good-bye as he turned into the path of the disc, laser firing continuously the Lander ploughed into the disc upper works ripping a large rent in it before it careered off and plunged toward the planet’s surface leaving behind a huge smoking trail.  Then it plunged into the ground and Ancore's Lander, and the Zedd disc was flung upward by the force of the nuclear explosion.  The Zedd disc was now badly crippled, and smoke started coming from it although it was still firing missiles, Rogan knocked out the last three it fired.  Then he lined up the rail gun for the killer shot and pulled the trigger nothing happened.  It was then that he realised, they had no more discs left for the rail gun.
“We are out of ammunition for the rail gun,” he called out.
Ancore replied, “They have stopped firing luckily,” as she circled the disc it suddenly tilted and started swooping out of control toward the surface trailing a huge plume of smoke.  Several hundred metres above the planet’s surface it levelled out somewhat and slowly flew toward the front lines before crashing in a shower of broken trees and vegetation coming to a halt in a clearing.
Ancore quickly landed the Lander nearby shouting to the crew, “quickly grab lasers, we have to make sure that none of the Zedds get out of that ship alive.”
Breen and Rogan were out first throwing themselves down behind a small ridge as they opened fire on a Zedd as he tried to exit the downed disc.  He quickly drew back inside, “Ancore, we need to destroy this disc before the Zedds manning it can get out, Breen and I will keep them bottled up inside while you, and Glaina take the Lander and fetch back the resonant frequency sound weapon.  We can destroy the disc with that.”
“All right Rogan, take mine and Glaina's lasers we will be back as quick as possible,” with that they ran back to the Lander and took off disappearing swiftly toward Indraprastha.  They could not cover the entire disc between them, but they could see over half of it from their position.  Over the next forty minutes, the Zedds tried repeatedly to exit the disc only to be driven back repeatedly, suddenly though they came under laser fire from two Zedds, who had obviously found another way out, and were outflanking them.
The laser blasts were getting too close for comfort, “Breen keep them bottled up in the disc.  I will try to keep these two who are flanking us fully engaged until Ancore and Glaina return.”
“I sure will Rogan, it shouldn't be too long before the Lander returns then we will give them something they never bargained for.”
The wicked fizz of laser bolts filled the air as the battle grew fiercer, then they heard Ancore calling Breen.
“Breen, we have the sound weapon lined up on the disc, but we need your key to activate it.”
It was then Breen remembered the key around his neck.  He called Rogan, “we'll have to disengage and pull back, I have one of the operating keys around my neck.”
“We will try to cover you from here,” Glaina called to them.
The pair of them disengaged and pulled back to the sound weapon, which the girls had pushed onto a small knoll, from where the weapon could be aimed at the disc.  While they were pulling back, they kept up return fire but could not keep the Zedds bottled up as more of them came swarming out of the disc things were getting intense.
Breen inserted his key in the lock Ancore already had hers in, they quickly counted to three and turned the keys together; the control panel lit up, and Ancore pulled the operating handle.  For a fraction of a second, they heard a WHEee then silence; suddenly the very earth seemed to shimmer.  Trees and shrubs shivered then everything looked normal for a few seconds.  Suddenly, the disc started to collapse, and then the very earth started throwing up dust clouds as the ground around the disc suddenly turned into a consistency similar to water, the disc, Zedds and vegetation began sinking into the quagmire the earth had become.  The disc had almost gone below ground when it happened.
A laser blast from one of the Zedds hit the left hand wooden wheel shattering it.  The sound weapon lurched then collapsed on one side causing the weapon to slew to the left and point obliquely into the ground at the side of the weapon.  Glaina saw the danger immediately, “Quick we must get aboard the Lander and take off to escape the sound weapon,” she called to the others while racing for the Lander.  They all piled inside behind her while Glaina took off, a couple of laser bolts hit the Lander then they were way up looking down.
They could see a ring of dust spreading wider as the ground around the sound weapon shivered and turned into a substance that had properties similar to water, although it was still earth everything was sinking into it and disappearing.  The last of the Zedds and their craft disappeared beneath the surface as they watched, but worse was to come as the sound weapon also disappeared underground still operating as could be seen from the ever-widening circle of dust rising and vegetation disappearing.
“By the gods it's still working as it's sinking,” cried Breen.
“We must stop it somehow it could continue sinking right through the planet's crust,” anguished Glaina. “So what, eventually it will be consumed by the planet's heat near the core, and then everything will be back to normal,” replied Breen.
“No before that happens it will have weakened the planets crust in this spot, the pressure of the molten magma at the planet's core will erupt with unbelievable force reaching into the planet's upper atmosphere, boiling off oceans and altering the spin of the planet, destroying all life on it.  We must stop it soon or everything will perish,” she cried.
“Head for Indraprastha,” ordered Ancore, “push those throttles through the gates Glaina, we have to reach there and load up the last nuclear warhead.  It's the only thing we have left that might save the planet.”
They landed at Indraprastha as close to the armoury as possible, Breen Ancore and Rogan rushed out and disappeared inside.  They reappeared five minutes later struggling with the last nuclear warhead between them.  They had set the delay for four minutes hoping that would be enough time for the device to sink down far enough to knock out the sound weapon.  While they struggled to fit the device to the bomb rail under the Lander and connect the release lanyard Glaina was consumed with impatience, they seemed to be taking hours, although she knew, in reality, it was only a few minutes.
Suddenly, they were all piling aboard, “go, go,” cried Rogan the last one in.
Glaina took off and pushed the Lander to its limits to get back in time.
As they approached, the area, they could all see the dust circle had widened to almost half of a kilometre wide.
“Drop it in the centre and then leave as quick as you can Glaina,” ordered Ancore, “we don't know if the sound weapon will set off the nuclear bomb prematurely or not, drop it and then put the throttles through the stops.”
As Glaina passed the centre of the disturbance ring, she pulled the release handle then put the throttles through to combat setting at the end of the stops.  The Lander leapt forward with a huge surge of acceleration, and they were away and climbing.  Rogan had been monitoring the bomb, “it's struck dead centre and disappeared, he called.” setting the countdown  clock on his console, three minutes and twenty seconds it was reading when Breen looked over.  They went through the sound barrier after two minutes the speed only creeping up now, at four minutes the flash, radiation and heat hit them.
Later as they slowed, the shock wave and the sound wave struck buffeting the Lander, the cloud climbing into the upper atmosphere.  Soon, they were back at Hastinapura, there was no point in waiting to see if the explosion had stopped the sound generator, if it had, they would know later and if it had not, none would survive to worry about it.
The battle was still raging fiercely although the attacking force is greatly reduced, by the remaining Zedds firing the missiles at the ground force from the palace roof where they were sited; they were using them like artillery pieces.  Glaina had to land some distance away from the palace because they now had no discs for the rail gun, and the Lander was helpless if it was fired upon.
They climbed out of the Lander each armed with a hand laser, “we need to find Tausiq and find out what is happening, come on follow me,” called Ancore following a path through the grounds.  The main battle appeared to be taking place between the compounds and the palace.
“It looks as though our ground troops are bogged down Ancore,” called Breen.
“Yes we don't want to rush in and get bogged down with them,” counselled Rogan, “we are far more use, opening another front and relieving the pressure on Tausiq and his men.”
They were now approaching a side gate into the palace grounds proper.  Ancore eased the gate open.  She could now see the palace properly, and the missile launchers sited on the flat palace roof.  It was from here that the Zedds were firing down into the walled garden, which lay between the palace and the compounds.  The compounds were still smoking so the attack on them must have been successful.
However, it looked as though the Zedds had caught the Pandava ground force before they had managed to cover the ground from the compound to the palace.  Now they appeared to be taking shelter in the garden area and were firing at the Zedds from the remains of the garden walls, which the Zedds had pounded by using their radar guided missiles as artillery firing down at the attackers demolishing a large part of the wall and over half the invading Pandava force.
Ancore opened the door wider and let the others see what was happening, “I think we could reach the palace from here without being seen.  All the Zedds seem to be up on the roofs, concentrating on the garden area.”
“Yes if we go one at a time I'm sure we could enter the palace without being seen,” agreed Rogan. Ancore went first, sneaking through the bushes trying to get as close to the palace wall as possible when she was flattened against it, she gestured for Rogan to follow.
When they had all safely negotiated the route to the wall of the palace, Ancore led them along to an archway that opened into the interior.  They found themselves at a side entrance to a very large room with two rows of columns down its length, the stone stairway leading to the upper part of the palace was at the far end of the room, on their left.
They flitted from pillar to pillar making their way toward the stairs no one seemed to be about as they started making their way to the upper floors, suddenly a servant appeared at the top of the stairs, with a look of surprise on his face.  He suddenly about turned and bolted yelling at the top of his voice.
The crew realised stealth was no longer important and raced up the stairs just as a Zedd appeared from a corridor, he and Ancore fired at almost the same instant the Zedd hit in the chest fell backward his laser blast warming Ancore’s cheek as it passed.
Ancore ordered Glaina to hold the top of this flight of stairs as the rest of them raced onward toward the next flight of stairs that appeared to lead to the roof.  Rogan was almost hopping along in his effort to keep up with Ancore and Breen.  They had just reached the bottom of the next flight when they came under fire from the top of the stairs, quickly they scattered seeking cover.  Ancore was the most exposed being in the lead she had thrown herself down behind a large stone balustrade at the foot of the stair, and was returning fire from there.  The other two had split going to each side of the stair and were now firing back at the Zedds, Breen from behind a stone figure of a scantily clad female on a large plinth and Rogan from behind a mirror image of the stone female, on the other side of the staircase.
“There appear to be two of them,” called Rogan to the other two, ducking back as a laser bolt hit the statue causing an arm to explode and cover him in stone splinters. He peered around the statue again in time to see Ancore and Breen returning fire.  He saw a head and an arm appear briefly from behind a pillar at the top of the stair and took a snap shot that hit the Zedd in the arm.  The arm fell to the ground still clutching the hand laser.  A nerve must still have been twitching the trigger finger because the weapon was still firing randomly with laser bolts fizzing all around the upper landing suddenly the second Zedd bolted from his hiding place back away from the top of the stairs.
“Quick called Ancore before he gets reinforcements,” and went charging up the stairs.  The arm and laser stopped firing as she reached the top, thank the gods thought Rogan as he hurried to try to catch up with her and Breen as they disappeared over the top landing.
As he reached the top of the stair laser fire fizzed passed him as he limped behind the pillar that the Zedd lay behind, the severed arm still clutching the laser, he peered around the pillar, Ancore and Breen were nowhere in sight the Zedd, who had lost his arm appeared to have passed out in shock.  Rogan started to make his way across the landing toward the flight of stairs that looked as though it led onto the roof, when a noise made him turn around just in time to see the one-armed Zedd charging toward him brandishing a wicked looking knife. Reflex made him fall backwards the knife flashing in front of his face.  He raised his legs as he hit the floor on his back the Zedd looming over him before he jerked his legs with all his might but his right leg gave way under the strain, and the Zedd went obliquely over the top of him and landed just past his right shoulder.  Lying on his back partly winded, Rogan realised, he was still holding the laser and tried to bring it to bear on the Zedd, who was now struggling to sit up Rogan fired as the knife was raised to strike and hit the Zedd in the knife arm elbow. The Zedd looked at his arm in horror as it fell to the ground in front of him.  Rogan did not give him the chance to bite him, as shot him in the chest killing him instantly.
Rogan picked himself up and continued toward the last flight of steps onto the roof where he could now hear the fizz of laser bolts, he reached the top and was looking out over the roof toward a missile battery that had two dead Zedds lying beside it with Ancore sheltering behind it.  Laser blasts fizzed about the battery from the other batteries where the remaining Zedds were trying to line up one of the missile batteries onto the one Ancore was hiding behind.  They were obviously willing to blow the battery up with a missile to kill her.
Rogan opened fire on them, the Zedds were now being fired on from three directions as Breen was somewhere off to his right also firing at them.
Things were getting too hot for them, as they tried to make a break for it so fire from Breen hit one of them in the leg as he fell, he brought down one of the other Zedds before they could get up other laser bolts from both Ancore and Rogan hit them killing them instantly.
The other Zedd had made it into the cover of a central temple like structure, composed of six substantial stone pillars holding up a wooden roof the other two missile batteries were on the other side of this structure.
All three of them were now coming under intense laser fire from at least ten Zedds.  Ancore looked at the wooden structure of the roof over the six pillars and started directing her fire onto it.  Her plan worked admirably, and the roof of the structure caught alight the breeze fanning the flames and smoke toward the Zedds.
“That should spoil their aim,” she cried jubilantly pouring laser fire into the last seen Zedd positions. Breen was trying to knock out the Zedd behind the pillar who was now in a precarious position as the roof started dropping streams of burning wood and ash down it was getting a bit hot for the Zedd hiding behind the pillar.
He was the wrong side of the smoke, and if he budged from behind the column he would be in view of at least one of the crew, as he made a desperate run for it his clothes smoking two laser blasts hit him in the back simultaneously.  They threw him headlong into the missile launcher he was trying to get behind.
The crew could hear the Zedds coughing and cursing the heat and smoke; it was at that moment that the Pandava troops under Tausiq came pouring up the stairs to the roof.  “Rogan,” he cried, “I didn't know you were back.  We thought the Zedds had caused a fire up here and had temporarily forgotten us, so we seized the chance and rushed the palace.”
“We have been here about thirty minutes,” answered Rogan very glad to see them, “we saw you pinned down and thought it best if we entered the palace and tried to knock out the missile batteries pinning you down.”
“Well you certainly managed that between you, our thanks Rogan, we took a pounding out there,” he replied.
After taking stock of the situation Tausiq led his men onto the roof, where they fanned out taking cover until they could see the enemy properly, as the fire was burning itself out, the remains of the wooden roof fell to the ground with a loud crash in a huge shower of sparks.  The remaining Zedds put up a huge fight to the death, no quarter was asked for or given, but eventually they were all brought down.  The Pandava warriors took no chances and checked each body those that were not dead were quickly dispatched.
When it was over Tausiq asked Ancore what the next move would be, after resting and talking out the remaining tension they decided that Breen would ferry the surviving warriors back to Yudhishthira's tent, for they would be well rewarded for the magnificent battle they had put up, in wiping out the celestial Zedds.
While Breen ferried the Pandava warriors back to the front lines, Ancore, Glaina and Rogan made their way downstairs away from the carnage on the roof, looking for the kitchens for they were all very thirsty, and fancied a bowl of chai.  They found a central courtyard where the servants made chai; there was nobody about, all the servants appeared to have left when the fighting started.  Glaina put a pot of water on to boil and found some bowls that she washed, searching around she found the roasted leaves to make the chai in a large pot with a lid, also a wooden spoon.
“We have the makings for the chai,” she burbled brightly.  Both Ancore and Rogan just smiled politely, sitting down.  They felt completely drained not even feeling like talking.
It was some while later after the chai had done its work that they decided to go exploring while they were here  They re-entered the palace and started looking in various rooms gradually they got separated.
It was with a start that Rogan realised, he was alone in the room where he had been admiring a beautifully carved wooden elephant, with real ivory tusks, as he turned to find the others, he saw a shadow flit past an archway just on the edge of his vision.  He made his way across the room toward the archway. A huge figure suddenly filled the opening.
“Ravana,” the cry burst involuntary from Rogan’s lips as he struggled to pull the laser from his belt.  As his hand came up holding the laser, a giant hand lashed out smashing it from his grasp, as it flew away behind him, he heard the rumble as Ravana spoke.  “We have unfinished business little Coorg, terminal business.”  As he was speaking, his soulless black eyes were glittering with hate, the hand that had knocked the weapon from his grasp returned, Rogan tried moving his head but was too late, stars flashed in front of his eyes and then a momentary blackness as he crashed to the floor several metres from where he had been standing.  As he struggled to recover his senses and stand up Ravana picked him up by the back of his jerkin and effortlessly hoisted him aloft with one hand, “I will take great pleasure in smashing you to a pulp before I kill you,” he mouthed into Rogan’s face, his lips drew back in a rictus of hate.  The other hand punched him in the chest.  Rogan felt several ribs crack and the breath left his body, a black mist swimming in front of his eyes as he hung in Ravana’s grasp like a rag doll.  Then another blow crashed into his body and he found himself rushing away from reality towards a spot of light that was being devoured by the darkness as he slid into unconsciousness, from a great distance, he heard Ancore's voice, then nothing.
Ancore screamed with hate as she saw what Ravana had done to her Rogan, she whipped the Urimi from around her waist as she charged forward, the double-edged metre and a half long flexible sword whistled as she flashed it toward Ravana, who had spun around dropping Rogan at her scream.  The lethal blade of the Urimi flicked toward Ravana’s body like a striking serpent.  He jumped backwards with incredible speed, but Ancore was moving forward and the blade caught Ravana on the inside of his right thigh cutting through the flesh like a hot knife through butter.
He must have realised at that moment, that retreating was not an option against this weapon, and lunged forward almost in a dive, both fists clenched in front of him.  Ancore tried to dance backward but wasn't in time Ravana’s fists hit her in the chest, the force of the blow causing her to fly backwards for several metres before she crashed to the floor like a broken doll, completely unconscious.
Ravana staggered forward blood pouring from his thigh wound, looking around wildly he spotted the large wooden elephant that Rogan had been admiring, he limped across and hefted it in his arms.  It stood half a metre tall made of a very heavy jet-black wood.  An evil smile writhed across his features, the soulless black eyes glittering in the reflected light as he moved across to Rogan lifting the elephant high above his head.
“Now is your time to die Coorg,” he rumbled.  It was the last words he spoke.
Too late, he caught sight of the figure leaping at him.  Huge hands outstretched one of them made of metal that shone as the light caught it before they wrapped around his throat crushing his windpipe.  The force of Breen’s body hit him next knocking him off his feet, the elephant slipping from his grasp and crashing onto the floor behind him, as he fell, he grasped Breen’s belt and with super-human strength threw Breen over his head trying to break the hold on his throat.
Breen's grip on Ravana’s throat was broken as he flew over Ravana’s head, Breen ended halfway across the room on his back.  As he gathered his wits and sat up, he realised, he was minus his hand, looking back at Ravana, he saw the giant was purple in the face as he struggled vainly to tear the false hand from his throat.  His soulless black eyes now red with blood and bulging from his head as he shuddered and died, hands slackening and falling away from the metal hand that gleamed eerily as it jutted from the dead neck.
Picking himself up Breen examined first Rogan, then Ancore both of them were still alive although unconscious; he did not like Rogan’s breathing it was burbling.  He thought that a lung might be punctured.
At that moment, Glaina appeared and looked shocked as she took in the carnage in the room.
“What has happened are they all dead?”  She asked in disbelief at what she saw.
“Only Ravana, but Rogan and Ancore are unconscious, Rogan’s breathing sounds very bad I think his lung is punctured,” he replied.  Glaina checked them both, “I don't think we should move them, we need help, why don't you take the Lander and bring Adeetoo back here he will know what to do, meanwhile I will look after them,” she suggested?
“I'll be as quick as I can,” promised Breen leaving the room at a run.
Ancore came around first with a small groan she opened her eyes struggling to sit up.
“Stay quiet,” Commanded Glaina bathing her head with a rag dipped in a bowl of water.
“Ravana?” she queried.
“Dead, thank you supreme being,” replied Glaina raising her eyes toward the ceiling.
“Who killed him?” queried Ancore.
“Breen's hand,” replied Glaina cryptically.
Ancore suddenly sat up with a start, “Rogan!” she queried.
“He is still unconscious and his breathing is bad, Breen thought he might have a punctured lung and has gone to fetch Adeetoo, until then I thought it best he wasn't moved,” she answered.
“Let me see him,” ordered Ancore trying to sit up, “give me a hand.”
Glaina helped her to a sitting position and after a few seconds steadied her as she stood and walked across to where Rogan lay, his breathing laboured and burbling.
“Oh my love,” she cried as she sank down beside him tears rolling unbidden down her cheeks and splashing into her lap, the terrible pain in her chest forgotten.
She was still sitting by Rogan's head when Adeetoo arrived with Breen in tow, he immediately took over, stripping Rogan's jerkin off, he examined him then opened his bag and gave him an injection then applied a salve to his chest before binding him.
“He has many broken ribs and the injection will help the pain along with the salve.  We need to get him on a stretcher and out of here back to Indraprastha where I will be able to work on him at leisure.  Now let me look at you Ancore, while Breen and Glaina find a stretcher, or make one.”
He gave Ancore an injection and applied the salve to her chest also, “you have two broken ribs,” he pronounced winding an elastic bandage around her chest, “try not to cough,” he said helping her on with her jerkin.  Breen and Glaina arrived with a homemade stretcher and with great tenderness, they helped Adeetoo load Rogan onto it then they took him to the Lander and manoeuvred him aboard.
The flight back to Indraprastha took less than half an hour, there Rogan is gently transported to a room where Adeetoo busied himself sorting out Rogan’s chest, while the others are served a welcome bowl of chai.
After a meal, all retired, it had been a long hard day and at last, the threat of the Zedds had been removed.
So ended day fifteen of the war.


########



Chapter Fifteen



Day Sixteen started for the crew with servants bringing chai and chapatti laced with honey to them in bed on Adeetoo's orders.  After breakfast, Glaina and Breen went to visit Ancore and Rogan in their room Ancore was already up, Adeetoo fussing around Rogan, who although now awake was looking awful, both his eyes were black rimmed and appeared sunk far into his skull.
“How are you both?” asked Glaina brightly.
“Very thankful to Breen that we are still alive, Rogan, and I can't thank you enough dear friends,” she said giving Breen a kiss and a hug, oh, sorry that was painful,” she continued, “I keep forgetting my ribs are broken.”
“Rogan is recovering well considering the damage that was inflicted on him by Ravana,” Adeetoo told them.  “The puncture of the lung is healing.  I have introduced nanobots into the body to carry out the repairs needed to the smashed rib cage and bruised heart.  The complete process will take several weeks, but at the end of that time.  You should be as good as new Rogan,” he said turning back to his star patient.
“It can't come soon enough,” smiled Rogan wanly, before closing his eyes and drifting off into a healing sleep.
Adeeone shooed them all out of the room, “off you all go, I will stay with Rogan.  Breen did you retrieve your hand after the fight?” he asked.
“No replied Breen with all the rush to save Rogan and Ancore.  It was forgotten.”
“Maybe you should think about returning to Hastinapura this morning to fetch it, and then I can reattach it for you,” he said turning back into Rogan's room.
“You wouldn't go back there would you?” asked Glaina.
“If it means having some kind of hand on the end of my wrist that I am happy with, then yes I think I will go back to fetch it.”
“Ugh I couldn't face returning, just the thought of Ravana lying there with your hand still clutching his throat makes me feel shivery all over,” Glaina told him pulling her jerkin closer around her throat and pulling a face that expressed her revulsion at the mere thought of going back.
“I would only need you to fly me there.  You could stay in the Lander while I went to fetch my hand,” he told her with a big grin on his face.
“Well since I don't have to see Ravana.”
“You stay in the Lander my love.  I should only be a short while, will you pilot me there now?  We might as well get this over as soon as possible.”
Glaina turned to Ancore, “will it be all right to take Breen and the Lander to Hastinapura this morning?”
“Certainly Breen needs his hand, will you be all right going by yourselves I want to stay near Rogan today,” she replied.
“We'll be fine, and should be back before you know it,” answered Glaina taking Breen's good hand as they turned to leave.
When they arrived in Hastinapura Breen left the Lander shoving a laser hand weapon into his belt, he made his way into the palace.  There were signs that the servants had returned he saw one of them in the distance, sweeping the marble floor, when he turned into the room where Ravana's body should be he found it empty.  The place had been cleaned there was no sign of the struggles that had taken place, for a moment he thought he was in the wrong room.  No, there was the carved elephant this was the room.
Breen opened his mouth and hollered, the shout echoing around the walls and rushing down corridors.  Suddenly, he was aware of a small brown face peering at him from around the archway.
“Come here boy,” he ordered.
The lad came into the room looking extremely uncomfortable; he was about seven years old dressed in a short grey tunic and barefoot.
“What is your name lad,” Breen asked him.
“Charan great sir,” he replied his eyes huge and staring at Breen's missing hand.
“Where is the body of Ravana the dead celestial, that lay in this room yesterday,” he asked the lad.  “Great sir he has been taken to the funeral pyre to be sent to his gods,” the lad replied nervously.
“Will you take me there Charan,” asked Breen.
“Yes sir it is this way,” the lad said turning and leading the way out of the room toward the garden where the Pandava troops were pinned down yesterday.  There he found four servants relaxing from building the very large funeral pyre.  The bodies of the dead Zedds and Pandava troops lay in rows nearby.
It moved him to see that all the bodies had been cared for and prepared for the funeral rites by being washed and anointed, even though they had been mortal enemies.  He announced himself to their bows and greeting of great sir.
“I am Breen of the celestial Coorg, slayer of the celestial Danava known as Ravana, I have returned for my hand fetch it to me.”
The servants turned and approaching the body of Ravana tried to remove the stainless steel hand from his throat, without success.
One of them approached Breen, “great celestial Breen, we are having difficulty removing your hand from the celestial Ravana's throat, is there some incantation that will release it, that we may bring it before you?”
“Let me look,” said Breen moving forward and squatting beside the body.  He tried pushing his stump into the fitting on the end of the hand, hoping contact could be made with the sensors that controlled the fingers from the end of his stump but too much damage had been caused when it was torn from him, now nothing was working.
“It will have to be cut from the neck,” he pronounced.
There was the sound of sharp indrawn breaths from all four throats.  “Great Breen, we cannot do this thing for you.  The celestial Ravana's spirit will terrorise us and our families if we desecrate his earthly body,” spoke the servant who had spoken to him before.
“Very well, give me a knife, I will do it myself.”
The servant who had been the spokesman now ordered the young boy, “Charan run and fetch a sharp knife from the kitchen, quickly now son.”  Within minutes, the lad returned clutching a knife with a foot-long  blade, which he handed to Breen, Gritting his teeth Breen cut away the swollen black flesh finally managing to free the hand, but leaving Ravana's throat in a mess in the process. 
He turned to the lad, “run and find a cloth lad, be quick now,” he ordered.  The young boy shortly returned bearing a large white cloth, which Breen tore in half wrapping his hand in one piece and placing the other piece over Ravana's ravaged throat tucking it in underneath the back of the neck to prevent it blowing away.  Then he returned to the Lander.
“I'm glad your back.  This place gives me a sense of foreboding, let's get back to Indraprastha.”  Glaina greeted him.
They were back in under the hour landing as close to the palace as they could get.  They locked the Lander, Breen leaving Glaina looking for Ancore.  He went to find Adeetoo clutching the blood smeared steel hand.
After disinfecting the hand, it took Adeetoo less than an hour to repair and refit the hand.  Breen returned to Glaina, who was sitting with Queen Kunti, Draupadi and Ancore, around a table laden with delicacies.  He noticed that all the women looked at his false hand when he arrived, they had obviously been discussing it.
“We have just been telling Queen Kunti and Draupadi, about the demise of the Zedds,” Ancore told him.
“Shouldn't we go to see Yudhishthira, and help bring this war to a final conclusion?” he enquired.
“Your right Breen we should go.  I will just check Rogan then I will join you at the Lander,” turning to Kunti and Draupadi, “Please excuse us ladies, but we have a war to help finish,” she told them as she turned, leaving to check Rogan.
They were in Yudhishthira's tent within the hour.
“Welcome, welcome my friends,” he cried as they entered.  “You have triumphed and wiped out the Zedds.  The whole army has been celebrating when we heard of your victory last evening,” Yudhishthira's face suddenly looked grave, “where is Rogan?” he asked. Ancore answered him, “he's at Indraprastha where Adeetoo is looking after him.  He was very badly injured in his encounter with Ravana.”
“I am very sorry to hear that Ancore, when is he expected to be well again?” he asked.
“Adeetoo estimates several weeks before his rib cage is reconstructed by the nanobots, and the bruised heart has healed,” she answered.
“While you were defeating the Zedds yesterday we had a great triumph of our own the noble Bhishma was killed.  A great mind in the conduct of warfare is removed from their side.  Now we only need to remove Drona, and the rest of the Kaurava will crumble and wither away.”
“Have you any strategy in mind to rid yourself of Drona,” asked Ancore.  “Yes Bhima has come up with a ploy.  We know Drona loves his only son above all else.  His son is fighting further down the line.  It would take Drona several hours to verify the death of his son.  Meanwhile, Bhima has heard of an elephant also called Ashvatthama that died of injuries in battle yesterday afternoon.”
“How will this rid you of Drona?” asked Ancore mystified.
“Bhima will tell Drona that his only son is slain in battle, We hope Drona will be so disheartened by the news, he will withdraw to mourn, that will give us the chance to overcome his army, without him directing the battle, we will surely be victorious,” explained Yudhishthira with the light of victory gleaming in his eye.
“If it shortens this war, then it must be justified,” commented Ancore, who was now war weary, and was looking forward with longing to the end of this awful war.
They broke up at this point to watch the proceedings, as the battle in this part of the front line had died right down as Bhima shouted to Drona across the front line, when Drona came to the fore of his own front line; Bhima shouted the news across to him.
“Drona Ashvatthama is slain.”  Drona looked at him with disbelief, is his son dead or not?  He has not heard this news from his own side, and he did not totally trust Bhima to tell him the whole truth.
“Call Yudhishthira, and let him tell me my son is dead, for if I cannot trust an honest man, then who can be trusted,” he called across to Bhima.
Yudhishthira walked down to the front line, “you called for me Drona,” he called across to him.
“Yudhishthira tell me honestly is my son dead.”
Yudhishthira shouted back, “Ashvatthama” and quickly under his breath, “the elephant, is dead.”
Drona looked suddenly very old, his shoulders slumped as he sagged backward against one of his men who supported him, he threw down his weapons and helmet, getting one warrior to help him, he removed his chain mail armour and he stood upright  turning, to leave the front line.
At that moment, the arrows hit him.  Three entered his back with sickening thumps throwing him forward into the arms of one of his men.  A great cry of dismay welled from the warriors around the slain Drona, at the terrible treachery that had caused the death of such a fearless warrior and astute general.
Yudhishthira went across to Bhima, “you didn't tell me of the plan to kill Drona, my brother!”
“I was worried you wouldn't be able to tell him a half lie if you knew the whole truth, to win this war brother we needed to get rid of Drona, he was thwarting us at every turn,” he explained.
“You’re right of course Bhima, with Drona in command this war would have dragged on for months probably.”
Ancore, Glaina and Breen knew the necessity for the death of Drona but still found it a sickening experience.  That an honourable man had been tricked, and then killed, in such an underhand manner.
“Now we must take the initiative in this war,” Bhima told his brother.
“Very well, now we shall attack Duryodhana and his armies night and day, there will be no let up until he has been vanquished,” ordered Yudhishthira.
The orders went out all along the front line the armies were split into five separate armies.  Two were to fight alternately during the day and two during the night, the fifth was a reserve that would change with one other army every day so that each army is given a rest in turn.  The heat of the battle increased throughout the rest of the day, at four o'clock when the Kaurava army thought the battles would cease.  They received a horrible shock, as fresh troops appeared and the battle continued.
Because the Kaurava were not prepared for this turn of events, they found their troops getting wearier and more exhausted, and when the battles continued throughout the evening without cease, their commanders began to get very worried.
They had to put their reserves in to give the weary front-line troops a rest, and the battles continued without cease into the night.  The Kaurava army was slowly but surely being worn down, and making more and more tactical errors.
So ended day Sixteen of the war.
Of course, day Seventeen of the war actually started at midnight.  The weary Kaurava are forced to fight through the night, while the Pandava are being relieved at regular intervals by fresh troops.
By dawn, the relentless Pandava attacks are cutting great swathes into the Kaurava armies, and then came the big breakthrough; several Kings under truce came suing for peace and are allowed to leave the field taking the remains of their armies with them.
This allowed the Pandava to bring even more troops into battle with the remaining Kaurava forces.  By two p.m., the Kaurava were on the run all along the front line.  By four p.m., the last resistance collapsed.  All that was missing being Duryodhana and his bodyguard, of them, there was no sign.  The word went out, and the hunt began for Duryodhana, who had fled the battlefield.
They were all crowded into Yudhishthira's tent, all the Pandava brothers, the crew and King Muktananda of Lanka.  The mood was euphoric.  But they had steeled themselves not to get carried away celebrating until Duryodhana and his men were found and dealt with, for it was he who had brought about this war in the first place, and the Pandava brothers were determined that they would finish it.
Tausiq and the remnant of his men had been hailed as heroes and handsomely rewarded; all those who wished it, were invited to remain in the employ of the Pandava brothers.  They would be made very welcome in the Pandava army.  Tausiq had accepted Yudhishthira's offer and had been promoted colonel responsible for ten Vyuha.
The rest of that day, they waited for news of the whereabouts of Duryodhana, while continuing the day-to-day running of a vast army, in one respect it was good that the war was nearing its end, as provisioning the army was getting more difficult by the day.  With this problem in mind Yudhishthira, addressed the Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa armies, he thanked them for all their unswerving loyalty and help then he announced the gratuities on top of their normal pay to resounding cheers.  They were then informed that all who wished to return home were now free to do so; all those who decided to stay would be made welcome in the Pandava army.
Nearly a million men began the long trek back to their homelands of Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa hoping against hope that their homes were still intact, and their loved ones were awaiting their return.
At eight p.m. Yudhishthira received the news he was waiting for, Duryodhana had been located, he was hiding on an island in the middle of a lake, three hours journey to the east.  Yudhishthira summoned his senior cavalry officer, and told him to have a thousand of his best cavalry mounted and ready to depart in the hour.
“Ancore would you care to accompany us or will you take your flying machine to the lake where Duryodhana is hiding,” Yudhishthira asked her.
“When do you intend to storm this island,” she enquired.
“We intend to start hostilities after breakfast,” he replied.
“Then if you don't mind I would rather return to Indraprastha to check the well-being of Rogan.  We will meet you at the lake in the morning,” she told him.
“Yes certainly you must check Rogan, give him the wishes of us all for a speedy recovery, may the gods smile kindly on him,” he told her.
They were back at Indraprastha inside the hour.  Ancore went straight to see Rogan, while Glaina and Breen called for a late supper and chai, before popping along to see Rogan and Ancore, then retiring for the night.
Thus ended day Seventeen of the war.
By dawn, the crew gathered for breakfast.  Rogan was asleep, which was how it should be.  Adeeone had told them, the more Rogan slept the faster he was healing.
“Have we the co-ordinates for this lake where we are to meet Yudhishthira,” Ancore enquired.
“Yes I programmed the lake position into the flight computer last night,” Glaina answered.  “Very well, shall we visit Yudhishthira and his brothers?  I for one will be very glad when this terrible war is finally over,” she confided.
“Oh, you’re so right Ancore, the sooner peace comes the better I will like it,” Glaina agreed.
They had just reached the Lander when, in the distance, they heard faint wailing it seemed to be coming from the women's quarter of the palace, paying scant heed, they boarded the Lander and with Ancore at the controls took to the sky heading ten degrees North of East.  Soon, the lake drifted into sight through the haze that was beginning to mark the heat of the day to come.
They could see Yudhishthira's tents where he and his men had camped for the night, on shore were thirty or forty boats; his men had been around the lake and scoured all the small villages for anything that would float.  The owner of each boat had also come, to try to ensure the safety of their precious boats.
Ancore next swooped low over the wooded island in the centre of the lake, on two sides small cliffs rose sheer from the water, about twenty metres high.  Another side had masses of gnarled twisted rock that entered the water and continued out into the lake for over two hundred metres.  That side also would be difficult to traverse in boats.  The fourth side of the island was a gently shelving sandy beach, and it was here that a small village could be seen, with boats drawn up on the beach.
In the centre of the island built on a crag where it had a view of the whole island, was a small stone fort.  No flag was flying, but as they slowly flew over it, they could see that it is inhabited, and the walls are well guarded.  After completing their survey and recording it on Tri-Dee, they landed near Yudhishthira's tent on the edge of the clearing, taking the Tri-Dee and a small generator with them, they set it up just inside his tent and set it running.  The pictures were crystal clear, as the Pandava brothers gathered around to look; they could freeze on various parts and zoom in for a closer look.
“Well three sides of the island look almost impossible to land on, that leaves the beach.  They do not appear to have any men stationed there, but we can't take chances and will have to be prepared to be attacked as we land,” Yudhishthira told them.
“He appears to have concealed himself on this island, trapping himself with no thought of ultimate escape, although he might have fresh water, he must eventually have to leave to re-provision himself and his men,” Arjuna told them looking thoroughly puzzled.
“It might be that terror of his certain death at our hands drove him headlong to the first secure haven that he could think of,” Sahadeva one of the Pandava twins suggested.
“You could be right young Sahadeva, but let us worry more about what we will encounter, when we invade the island later this morning,” Yudhishthira replied.
After breakfast, all the men gathered at the boats, they could only move four hundred at a time so several trips would be required to ferry all the men across to the island.  The Pandava brothers went across in the first wave.  The crew flew over and met them on the beach, there was no resistance everything appeared peaceful.  They waited on the beach for the rest of the warriors to be ferried over, then all the boats were drawn up on the beach, as they started the short march through the woods, that was when the first of the hit-and-run  attacks began.
At least, five warriors were killed outright as the first flight of arrows came whistling out of the trees, Arjuna ordered men out in a crescent ahead of the main body forcing the defenders to run to get outside the horns of the crescent or be gradually forced toward the main body of warriors where they would be finished off.  The fighting continued sporadically until they reached the fort, there the main body halted just out of arrow shot.
Yudhishthira and the rest of the Pandava, gathered to survey the fort that confronted them.  Although not big, it was nevertheless well built, and would be a tough nut to crack.  It was constructed on top of a rocky crag that jutted up out of the forest apart from the few bushes here and there the surrounds of the fort were barren consisting of rock or scree slopes, not a lot of places to hide.  The door of the fort was a very solid looking door studded with lethal looking iron spikes.  It certainly appeared to be elephant proof.  The walls were about five metres high with embrasures that jutted out from the wall enabling the defenders to fire along the face of the walls also.
“I think we should try massed fire arrows on the main door, let's see if it can be burnt down,” Yudhishthira told them.
A hundred archers were duly assembled, with three fire arrows each; on the word of command, they opened fire.  The roar of the arrows very loud, then decreasing in volume as they sped away towards the door.  Some arrows hit metalwork on the door and fell out but most struck well enough, then the next volley and the next volley following that in close succession, the door was now one mass of flames.
Suddenly, with a loud whoosh and clouds of steam the defenders poured water from the top of the door and then could be seen trickling water down the face of the door, soon the fires were out and the face of the door completely soaked and wet.
“Well that has stopped us burning the door down with fire arrows,” remarked Yudhishthira smiling.
“How do you intend us to gain entry into the fort brother,” asked Arjuna.
“Maybe we can get him to come out, rather than we have to go in,” replied Yudhishthira.  “How so brother,” asked Bhima intrigued.
“I shall tell him that he can fight one of us, whichever one he chooses, and if he wins then he can have the Kingdom, and we shall go into exile,” explained Yudhishthira.
“When he comes out from the fort then we kill him eh!  Brother," asked Bhima.
“No Bhima, he will fight whichever of us, he chooses, if he wins, we will go into exile, we will not break our word.”
“This seems to be a gamble brother.  It is possible he might win,” Bhima argued.
“If we do not make the wager fair he will not come out,” replied Yudhishthira.
They asked Krishna if he would deliver the message to Duryodhana under a flag of truce.  Krishna agreed and was shortly approaching the gates of the fort under the white flag.  After listening to the message, Duryodhana called down to Krishna.
“I need time to consider this proposal, tell Yudhishthira that I will give him my answer in two hours at noon.”
Krishna saluted and returned with the message, “Duryodhana after due consideration will let you have his reply at noon.”
“Well we might as well stand everybody down and have chai and a meal while we are waiting,” Yudhishthira told them.  The orders went out, and the army got down to the serious business of preparing a meal and chai.
It was an hour later when the fort gate opened, and Ashvatthama stood erect throwing down the bush he had been hiding behind and slipped inside the gate.
The matter was reported to Yudhishthira.  “This is very strange, why is Ashvatthama sneaking into the fort, what has he been up to, I wonder,” he asked of no one, in particular.
After two hours, Krishna returned for Duryodhana's answer.
“I shall take Yudhishthira's word and will be out to fight within the hour.  I have chosen Bhima for my adversary,” he informed Krishna.
Yudhishthira was given the message, “I must say that I admire the mans courage.  He could have chosen one of the young twins to fight, but has chosen the strongest of us, you Bhima.”
“The choice of weapons is also his though, that gives him some advantage as I suspect he will choose the sword, which is his strongest discipline.  Whereas my strongest discipline is the mace, I am not as skilled as he with the sword.”
“We have complete faith in you Bhima, and are sure that you will prevail,”   Yudhishthira told him.
A large circle of men is thrown around the combat area.  They had chosen the flattest terrain they could find, and the combat circle was about fifty metres across, there were several hillocks and one pine inside the circle.
Duryodhana accompanied by his men and Drona's son appeared at the fort gates and slowly made their way down the rocky slope to the circle on the edge of the forest.  The circle opened and Duryodhana and his men filled the gap on that side, leaving Bhima and Duryodhana facing each other across the circle.
“What is your weapon of choice,” called Yudhishthira across the clearing to him.
In reply, Duryodhana drew his sword and held it up high, “The sword of my forefathers,” he called, twirling the blade about him in a show of dexterity that caused the sun to flash in a dazzling glare off that lovely bronze blade.  They all knew it to be the famous sword, The Shining Serpent.
Bhima now appeared bearing the blade given to him for the fight by Yudhishthira, one of the most famous of all blades the Mawj-i-Darya (The Waves of the Sea), its wavy cutting edge flashing sparkles of light in all directions.
Both warriors now discarded their chain mail and leather jerkins leaving only their loincloth and calf length boots on, before being oiled everywhere except for their hands.  Finally, they were facing each other across the centre of the clearing, waiting for the signal to start the trial by combat.  Duryodhana called across to Yudhishthira, “Give me your word that whatever the outcome of this contest.  My men will be allowed to leave in peace.”
Yudhishthira called back, “On that you have my solemn word, Duryodhana.”
The referee then called out the terms of the contest, “This is a fight to the death, if Duryodhana wins this contest, he will win the right to rule the Kingdom unopposed, and the Pandava will go into voluntary exile forever.  If Bhima wins, the last of the Kaurava dynasty will have died, and Yudhishthira will inherit the Kingdom, to hand down to his sons in succession for evermore, he will also allow the loyal bodyguard of Duryodhana to depart in peace.”  He then raised his arm holding the red cloth high above his head, “When my arm falls the contest will begin,” he shouted then let his arm drop.
The antagonists warily came together each tried to manoeuvre so that the sun shone in the opponent's eye but neither fell for that ploy, and they came together with the sun shining from the side of them.  The first clash came in a thrusting lunge from Duryodhana that caused Bhima to jump quickly back parrying with his own sword at the same time.  Then it became a furious exchange of blows, the sound of metal on metal ringing around the clearing as the sun flashed from the flickering blades.  Now the two men were running with sweat from their exertions, and both were finding that their sword hands were beginning to slide on the leather bound handles, but still the fierce thrust, parry and slash went on as first one, then the other gained a slight advantage.
The furious pace of the battle continued unabated into the second hour of the fray, but it was becoming clear from an accumulation of nicks on Bhima’s arms and shoulders that Duryodhana was marginally the better swords man, and unless something catastrophic happened, he would win in the end.  The same thought must have gone through Bhīma’s head, for he manoeuvred the battle toward the fir tree until they were fighting around it.  Suddenly, Duryodhana momentarily caught his foot on an exposed root, and his guard faltered.  That was the moment Bhima struck, catching Duryodhana behind the right knee severing the hamstring tendon, as he fell crying out in pain, Bhima thrust his sword unopposed deep into Duryodhana's stomach just below his belly button, as Duryodhana fell back mortally wounded, a cry of treachery resounded around the clearing, from his loyal bodyguard.
Ashvatthama rushed across to cradle the dying Duryodhana in his arms.  Duryodhana accused Krishna, of unfairly encouraging Bhima’s deceit, “You have encouraged him throughout this battle to use treachery and deceit.  You are a snake Krishna,” accused Duryodhana.  Krishna replied, “Deceit in battle is acceptable against a deceitful foe.  Even Indra used deceit to overcome the mighty asuras Virochana and Vritra.”
One of Duryodhana's men cried out, “Bhima has sacrificed his dharma for the sake of victory.  That will never lead to success or happiness.”
Krishna replied, “Bhima was merely keeping an earlier vow, a sacred duty: there is no unrighteousness in him, rather he was paying a debt he owed his enemy.”
The dying Duryodhana spoke bravely, “I die a glorious death, and the end that is sought by the virtuous warrior is mine.  Who is as fortunate as me, for I shall ascend to heaven where all my brothers await me, while you Pandava will remain here, torn by grief and continued suffering.”
Ashvatthama, Drona's son bent his head and whispered in Duryodhana's ear.  “Last night great king, I took a troop of assassins into the women's quarter of the Pandava palace.  We killed all the guards, and then killed the ayah and the Pandava children while they slept; now the Pandava have no heirs, that is the reason I had to sneak back into the fort earlier today.”
Duryodhana looked at him in horror, then quietly mouthed, “I die disheartened, for it means the race of the Kurus appear to have no future on this earth,” then he slumped dead in Ashvatthama’s arms.
The body of Duryodhana is entrusted to Drona's son Ashvatthama, and his bodyguard for escort back to his father the blind King Dhritarashtra, in Hastinapura for cremation.
“This war is finally ended, with the death of the last Kaurava we can think about the future at last,” Breathed Yudhishthira thankfully.
“We can now plan our victory celebration and start disbanding the armies that have served us so loyally during this war,” Arjuna answered as they started the march back through the forest to the boats on the beach.
At the beach, the crew decided to head straight back to Indraprastha, Yudhishthira asked to go with them leaving Bhima in command, until he returned.  The flight back was leisurely, no one was in a tearing hurry, the sense of relief that it was all over at last was gradually beginning to seep into their beings.
When they landed, it was obvious that something serious had happened.  The prime minister, the commander of the guard and a horde of servants greeted them, as Yudhishthira disembarked, they fell to their knees the women wailing tearfully.
“What is the matter, with you all?” he asked.
“Your highness your children have been massacred during the night, your wife Draupadi and your mother Queen Kunti were the only survivors,” answered his prime minister.
“Where were the guards?”  Asked Yudhishthira, in bewilderment.  The commander of the guard shuffled forward on his knees, “your highness, they and all the servants in the women's quarters are dead, killed silently during the night.  The fault is mine your majesty, I was responsible for the safety of all in the palace, do with me as you deem fit,” he cried throwing himself on the mercy of the king.
Yudhishthira put his hands to his head.  He could not take it all in, what monstrous infamy, as he staggered backward with shock, Breen supported him from behind, and the whole company heard the anguish in his voice as he cried out.
“We the conquerors have been conquered.”
Then like the true king he was he pulled himself together and stood straight, then spat one word, “Ashvatthama!”
Ancore spoke for the crew, “we have no words to assuage your grief, but anything we can do, you have but to ask, Glaina and I should go to Draupadi and Queen Kunti.  They must be out of their minds with grief,” she told him with her hands clasping his.
“Thank you Ancore, I have some business to complete first then I will be along shortly,” he told her.  He swung back to his prime minister issuing commands for him to send out gallopers to his army and his brothers, they were to organise a massive search for Ashvatthama and if possible capture him alive and bring him to Yudhishthira to dispense justice.
He then asked Breen if they would search for Ashvatthama from the air, collecting Bhima on his way to help him, and informing the rest of the brothers of the terrible news of the massacre of their children and to organise a search for the culprit Ashvatthama.
Breen readily agreed and took off immediately heading back toward the lake, going over in his mind how he would break the terrible news to the Pandava brothers.
After Yudhishthira had completed all necessary arrangements, he made his way to the women's quarters to comfort Draupadi and his mother.  His heart heavy, with the terrible sense of loss that he had unwittingly instigated.  For he was now convinced that if they had managed to kill Drona honourably, then his son Ashvatthama, would not have resorted to this terrible retribution, as payment for his father’s ignoble death.  He sensed that what he had previously sown to win this war had returned now to extract payment in a full measure.  He knew that from the deepest recesses of his mind where he would try to bury it, that during those quiet restful future moments, it would slither darkly into the forefront of his conscience haunting him forever.
Breen located the Pandava brothers and landed nearby, when he had told them the terrible news, they groaned and cried out futilely, railing against the gods who had let this treacherous massacre happen.
Arjuna pulled himself together first and sent gallopers to the army commanders instructing them to send out search parties in all directions to capture alive if possible Ashvatthama.  His weight in precious stones is promised to the man who finds Ashvatthama, and relays his whereabouts to the Pandava.  While Arjuna organised search parties, then took his men at the gallop to catch up with the bodyguard of Duryodhana, hoping to catch Ashvatthama still with them, Bhima took to the air with Breen.
They flew to where the bodyguard of Duryodhana was transporting him home inside twenty minutes, landing nearby they checked with the captain of the guard.  Then discovered that Ashvatthama had left them shortly after they had landed from the island telling them he had an important errand to complete for the dead Duryodhana.
Flying back, they landed briefly, to inform Arjuna of the latest news before flying off in search of Ashvatthama.  All day they searched in ever-widening circles but saw no sign of the fleeing assassin, whenever they came across anyone, Bhima would disembark to check if they had seen a rider lately, it was as if Ashvatthama had disappeared from the face of the planet.  At nightfall, they made their way to the palace to inform Yudhishthira of developments so far.
It was only much later when Breen and Glaina were alone in their room, discussing the tragedy, that Glaina told him that both Ancore, and herself had decided that they would ask Adeetoo to perform the simple operation that would allow them both to have children.
“Now this awful war is over.  We can think to the future.  It could be very many years before we are rescued and as Ancore and I are not getting any younger we have decided that we would like children now.  As Kings and Queens with our own Kingdom, it seems only fitting that if we are not rescued in our lifetime, then our children should have the chance to carry on our names into the future.”
“It will be wonderful to have our own children to nurture, a son to carry on my name and take our genes forward would be a wonderful thing my love,” he gently told her as he took her into his arms.
The hunt for Ashvatthama went on with massive intensity for weeks, but nothing was ever heard of him again.  King Muktananda indicated that he wished to return home to his island Kingdom soon, Yudhishthira decided to bring the victory feast forward, he also asked his generals and the head of the commissariat for an accounting of the losses incurred during the war.
The victory feast and ten horse sacrifice is scheduled for ten days time, and will be held on the banks of the Juma river, as thanks to the gods for looking favourably on the Pandava brothers in this conflict.
The Pandava brothers travelled to Hastinapura there Yudhishthira informed the blind King Dhritarashtra and his wife Gandhari.
“All your sons have perished in this senseless war, both of you are banished henceforth and for all time.  You will be allowed to take your possessions, and servants with you, and are given a month to leave the borders of the Kingdom."
Gandhari has had her eyes bound since marriage, so that she cannot see, so suffering like her blind husband, she listened contemptuously to Yudhishthira's decree then asked if Krishna was with them.
“I am here Gandhari,” he answered.
“I curse you Krishna.  I hold you responsible for the tragedy that has befallen us.  The Pandava Kingdom shall fall in thirty-six years, and you Krishna shall die at the same time, killed by the hand of a passing stranger.”
Krishna listened calmly to Gandhari’s curse, “A light has been saved, even if you can’t see it,” he told her.
The Pandava brothers, Krishna and their retinue returned to Indraprastha to make the final preparations for the ten-horse sacrifice and the victory feast to be held on the banks of the river Juma.
Rogan was getting better by the day, and began taking short walks in the gardens.  His favourite walk was to a clear water pool nearby where he usually breakfasted while watching the fish swimming languidly around completely unafraid of man.  It made him feel so glad to be alive.
Both Ancore and Glaina had now had the operation that would enable them to have children, and were impatiently waiting for that blissful day when they were sure they were pregnant.
The head of the commissariat and the senapti of the army reported to Yudhishthira with their interim findings.  The amount of materials used amounted to over eight million Satamana, one Satamana =50 grams of silver.  This was a huge amount of treasure, which would need to be recouped in higher taxes over the next twenty years.
However, it was the price in human life that left Yudhishthira speechless as the Senapati told him that the interim figure amounted to 4,000,000 warriors dead and twice times that number wounded.  This figure did not include those killed when the Zedds razed Mohenjo-Daru and Harappa to the ground, another 2,000,000 it is estimated had died in those two places, thus bringing the total deaths caused by the war to a minimum of 6,000,000 souls.
Yudhishthira called his brothers to a conference, when they are all comfortably seated, and served with sweetmeats and fruit juice he tells them.
“Brothers I cannot rule, my heart is saddened by the news of how many brave warriors have died 4,000,000 souls in this war so far, all I can see is more having to die.  Because to rule, ultimately means the use of more violence.  Life is painful and most men are forever searching for more wealth and power, never satisfied, there is never enough.  I foresee it heralds the coming of another age, where petty vicious King’s rule over a barbaric and broken world and puny, fearful, hard men live tiny lives.  The cows dry, trees stunted, no more flowers, no more purity, a world poisoned and poisonous, the age of Kali.  The black time, I fear is upon us.”
The Pandava brothers are dismayed; they could not envisage anyone else but Yudhishthira ruling the Kingdom they had fought so hard to win.  Bhima addressed Yudhishthira.
“Why after coming this far, do you want to quit now.  It is like man climbing a honey tree but refusing to taste it, or a man in bed with a woman but refusing to make love.  I do not understand you brother.”
Arjuna told him, “Brother refusing to rule will only create more disorder, and misery, thus causing more bad karma to face in the next life of lowly birth.  You should accept your role in life.  A father has an obligation to his family while they are young, so too must a King first rule, then in the latter years of his life may he put down his burdens.  But to do so earlier would be an act of extreme selfishness brother.”
Yudhishthira listened to their words, still in shock at how many brave men had died because of his foolishness in gambling their birthright away even if the Kaurava had won the wager by deceit and trickery, but as he mulled over the wise words of his brothers, he realised that what they said was true.  To refuse to rule after all the tragedy and sorrow, and all the brave men's lives lost due to this war, would in itself be a monstrous crime that he was not going to make.
He looked fondly at his brothers before him, so concerned for his well-being.
“A man could not ask for better brothers than you.  You are right.  I must pull myself together and take up the sword of Kingship, to fight for justice and equality for all who serve the Pandu family and me faithfully.  Thank you my brothers for showing me my true duty,” he said embracing them one by one.
The day of the victory feast dawned plum purple, slowly turning pink as the sun rose lighting a distant rim of cloud.  Yudhishthira had caused to be laid out, a magnificent spread around the main arena, which housed the giant pyre on which the ten fine stallions would be sacrificed to the gods, for looking kindly on the Pandava family during the war.  Bringing them, a resounding victory against such mighty odds.  The stallions suffered no pain as they were bled from the neck whilst partaking of fine rolled oats, they then slowly fell into a sleep from which they would never awake.  The carcasses of the stallions were then arranged on the pyre awaiting the cremation ceremony at ten a.m.
Everyone had arrived, and stood where they could get the best views.  Soldiers, officers, servants, village people, farmers and peasants who toiled unceasingly in the fields producing the food they all depended on, fishermen, hunters, all were awaiting the arrival of King Yudhishthira, his brothers and all the allied Kings from far and wide who had supported him in the conflict.
A lot of them were there to get a glimpse of the celestial's that had fought so bravely on the side of the Pandava.
They did not have to wait very long as elephants started arriving, brightly jewelled and bedecked with each Kings Battle flag flying proudly from the howdah containing the royal personages.  Even the Kings who had given their lives during the war are represented.  Each by an elephant in black armour proudly carrying the dead King's colours.
All the animals had been supplied by Yudhishthira as most royal elephants were still at home in their respective countries, The most magnificent elephant everyone agreed carried Yudhishthira and his brothers to the raised platform that contained all the thrones each side of the central throne of Yudhishthira.  Over each throne was a parasol.  In addition, behind each throne stood two servants, one carrying a whisk for the flies.
After all the Kings were seated, the crew each had a throne, and each wore a simple band of gold around the head, their thrones being in pride of place on the right hand of the Pandava thrones.
Then came a long procession of officers and warriors, who had shown great courage in battle, these were mentioned and each received a handsome gratuity as befitting his rank.  After the warriors, came the elephants that had fought bravely.  Mostly they were praised for their courage and pensioned off to live in luxury for the rest of their lives, then came the horses that had shown the greatest devotion to duty and had rescued many a warrior from death on the battlefield, these also were mentioned by name and finally pensioned off to live out their lives in luxury.
At last, it was evening, and the parades had ceased now came the moment of the sacrifice of the ten stallions for the victory that had been blessed by the gods.  Yudhishthira stood and gave his prayer of Thanksgiving for the victory the gods had granted him toward the end of the prayer at a secret signal the vast pyre was ignited and as Yudhishthira finished speaking the fire suddenly caught hold with a giant roar, the flames leaping skyward carrying the essence of the sacrifice to the heavens.  At the same time, giant rockets roared into the evening sky exploding with roars that woke up everything in the countryside for a kilometre around, this to great cheers of approval from the crowd on the ground.  Then, came something that Ancore had arranged with Adeetoo.  The Lander flying out of sight in the darkness suddenly lit up.  From it flickering lights sprang as a bank of lasers on one side traced a giant picture of Yudhishthira and the rest of the Pandava brothers in turn on the smoke from the fire, each brother bearing the weapon which he favoured, the whole company looked in awe at what seemed almost magic.  It only lasted five minutes before all the lights blanked out leaving the entire crowd talking at once.
The food was fabulous and the wine divine, during the meal Yudhishthira asked Ancore about the laser show.  “I was most impressed by your light show Ancore, how was it achieved?"
“Breen and Adeetoo did most of the work and planning, the device that makes the light is called a laser.  Which is short for light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation, which means that it is an intense beam of light, we had a picture of each of you and let the computer copy it and then used the lasers to project your pictures onto the smoke from the victory pyre,” she explained.
The crowds were now going to the riverbank, and lighting a small wick that was immersed in oil contained in little bark floats.  These are being set adrift on the river taking the peoples prayers with them as they slowly drifted downstream, soon there were thousands of them lighting up the river it was a magical sight thought Glaina, as she stood with Breen, Ancore and Rogan watching the ceremony.  Then they took the elephant ride back to the palace, and turned in for the night.
The next morning the crew went to see the Pandava brothers, to say their farewells as they had decided to return to their own Kingdom rule wisely and raise babies.
“We shall be sorry to see you leave, Draupadi, and our mother doubly so, Why don’t you resolve to visit with us for a few weeks every second or third month, with your flying machine the journey would not take you long.  We would be so pleased,” Yudhishthira told them.
Ancore answered for them all, “That is very generous of you, and we would be delighted to visit with you every three months or so, also you must visit us.  We can fly you out to visit and we have many elephants and tiger.  We could organise a hunting trip into the jungli that would be fun,” she told the brothers.  They parted after saying their farewells, and headed for the Lander where Adeetoo had stored all their belongings.
“I for one will be glad to return and explore our new Kingdom at last.  We haven’t seen much of it since it was won in the competition, my goodness that seems like a lifetime ago now,” said Rogan as the Lander lifted circled the palace once then headed southwest toward Kodagu.
Several hours later, they circled the wooden fort that would be their home and new Kingdom.  The three-sided single building in its own gardens looked small from up here.  As Ancore circled the Lander and put it down gently in the grounds of the fort close to the main door of the house.  This was the first-time Glaina had seen it, and she was enchanted when she got out and could see the intricately carved main entrance of the building.
“Oh isn’t it lovely,” she cried in pleasure, “if only Fantee could have seen this,” she said sadly, as she made her way inside.
The inside smelt wonderfully of sandalwood, it took her eyes a few seconds to adjust to the shade in contrast to the bright sunlight outside.  As she stood in the doorway, Breen joined her, and they stood arm in arm gazing at the raised platform containing the single magnificently carved wooden elephant throne set off so handsomely by the red silk drapes behind.
“Oh Breen Fantee would have loved this,” she cried releasing his arm and running forward to the throne, “I shall sit on it for her.”  She called excitedly, mounting the dais and sitting in the magnificent throne.  As her full weight settled on the throne there was an ominously loud click from beneath the throne, and the low rumbling voice of Ravana filled the room.
“Good-bye little Coorg, you are now sitting on your throne for the last time, heh, heh, heh, heh.  I win in the end.”
“Don’t move Glaina,” shouted Breen urgently rushing toward the throne.  Glaina just sat there petrified.  The menacing voice from the grave had chilled her brain and robbed it of coherent thought.
Ancore, Rogan and Adeetoo had just started to enter the throne room when the voice from beyond the grave had boomed out its message filling them with sudden dread, at the sound of it both Rogan and Ancore's hieroglyphic like mass of tiny nodules over their head and necks had hardened sending a prickling tingle of dread down their necks.
They rushed into the throne room seeing Glaina sitting petrified on the throne while Breen was checking all around it, suddenly he got on his hands and knees behind the throne.  “Whatever you do Glaina do not move,” he cautioned her, “Your weight has triggered a pressure switch which has activated a timer connected to a nuclear warhead under the throne,” he explained to her.
“How long before detonation?” asked Ancore.
“Three minutes,” replied Breen, while trying to ease the bomb out from under the throne, so he could examine it properly.
“Maybe you and Rogan should take the Lander and get as far away as you can before this explodes,” he told them finally managing to ease the bomb from beneath the throne.
“No point we are in this together,” Ancore told him as they surveyed the bomb together.
The voice of Adeeone broke into their thoughts as they struggled to comprehend the triggering device.
“May I look captain, I checked out a nuclear device on the red planet and worked out how its triggering mechanism worked, then set the timer on it for twelve hours before it destroyed the Zedd mother ship,” he told them.
“Good to hear you Adeeone, please see if you can stop it,” Ancore told him moving over to let him get at the device.
While he was checking it out with Breen, she took Glaina’s hand in hers and gave it a gentle squeeze.
“Try not to worry too much Glaina, I’m sure Adeeone will be able to neutralise the device,” she reassured her.
Meanwhile, Rogan had stiffly climbed onto the throne behind Glaina, and then gently pushed her off; his weight replacing hers on the throne as she staggered forward Ancore caught her as her legs were like jelly.
“There that’s better as I won this throne it should be my honour to sit on it first Glaina,” he told her with a wide grin on his face.
“Oh thank you Rogan,” she said standing behind Breen and Adeeone trying to see what they were up to.
At that moment Adeeone was telling Breen in a rapid-fire staccato voice, which wires did what as he traced out the electronics of the fusing mechanism, they now had less than a minute to disarm the device.
“I therefore, believe I have to cut the blue wire here, and the green one in the foreground to deactivate the device,” he concluded.
“Do it then quickly,” cried Breen impatiently.
Adeeone took each wire in his hand and broke them one after the other.  The timer stopped at nine seconds, and then the display gently faded and went out.
Breen let out a pent up whoosh of breath and sat back on his heels as the tension of the last few minutes slowly drained out of him.
“Well I don’t want to go through so much excitement the next time we come home to our new Kingdom," said Rogan with a wry grin as he stood up from the throne and came around to look at the bomb.  “I suggest Adeeone takes this bomb and the Lander, and drops the bomb far out into the Western Ocean, where it can harm no one,” he told them.
At that moment prime minister, Chidambar arrived to greet them.  “Your majesties I came as soon as I realised that you had returned,” He told them apologetically, “Your celestial friends arrived many months ago now and left the special gift you had asked them to install under the throne for you, they bade me let no one but your majesties sit on the throne, under pain of death.”
“Thank you Chidambar if you had arrived just a few minutes earlier we wouldn’t have had such an exciting time finding the present that the celestials left us,” she told him.  As they all burst out laughing at the release of tension.
That evening the four of them sat on a seat of stone on top of a small hillock, watching the sun as it gently sank into the western ocean.  None spoke of the beauty of the moment.  Their thoughts had soared into the far reaches of space seeking their home planet, but plodding along behind their thoughts.  Two distress buoys heading in different directions had just left the solar system.  Starting their long fall through the empty dark reaches of space as they headed homeward, constantly calling, and calling to all who could hear.


########.The End.########



The Author


I am retired and live in West Wales with my long-time partner Petronella.
I worked from the age of fifteen and joined the Royal Air Force at sixteen as a boy entrant navigation instrument mechanic. On de-mob I joined the Plessey Company Avionics Division and worked as a Principal Test Engineer, then as a freelance test engineer until retirement.
I do hope you have enjoyed this novel, it was inspired by reading on the internet the ancient Indian Sanskrit tales of how to build and fly aircraft, also what sounded very like nuclear weapons and guided missiles plus tales of aliens, space vehicles, space travel and space stations all several thousands of years ago.
I am at present partway into a sequel to this novel.
Richard Wood.

########~~~~~~########
