
S
T H E
A
D
O
W
V
E
R
S
E


J.C. Gallo








The Shadowverse © 2019 by J.C. Gallo 
This novel is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locals, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
 All rights reserved. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, or otherwise, without prior permission in writing of J.C. Gallo, except in the case of brief excerpts in critical reviews or articles. 
shadowversejc.com 
Facebook Group





















There are two great days in a person's life—the day we are born and the day we discover why.
– William Barclay


TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Shadowverse © 2019 by J.C. Gallo 	4
This novel is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locals, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.	4
 All rights reserved. 	4
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, or otherwise, without prior permission in writing of J.C. Gallo, except in the case of brief excerpts in critical reviews or articles. 	4
shadowversejc.com 	4
Facebook Group	4
TABLE OF CONTENTS	6
PROLOGUE	8
THE FUTURE	23
THE SHADOW	38
POWERS	49
CHAPTER 8	67
FORGOTTEN MEMORIES	67
COME AND SEE	83
THE VISION	95
CHAPTER 13	107
CONFLICTING DESTINIES	127
ANCIENT EXILE	146
JUSTICE PREVAILS	158
DESTINIES	172
REVENGE	187
PREPARATION	192
THE ANSWER	200
THE SCHEME	208
INTO THE TITAN	214
VERSUS	232
ESCAPE	249
RECONCILIATION	261
ENTER SHADOWVERSE	274
CALM BEFORE THE RAGE	287
FAKE MESSIAH	295
ULTIMATUM, PART II	313
CHILDREN OF THE LIGHT	332
The Heroes	347
The Villains	350
The Unknown	351
About the Author	353
John-Clement Gallo is a 18-year-old Christian author of The Shadowverse saga. He enjoys astronomy, astrophysics, ambient music, and ice hockey, while also a trumpet player. While living in Houston, Texas, he was the youngest person (11) to become a licensed RC pilot. On the other hand, he is ranked a black belt in Taekwondo and Hapkido, though he is very unassuming and tends to keep that accomplishment a cool secret. Currently, he lives in Orlando, Florida with his family, trying to outlive the constant heat.	353
Conclusion	355




PROLOGUE


500 YEARS AGO


There was only darkness. A darkness he could feel. This world bathed itself in an Energy he had never sensed—an Energy never released in nearly half a millennium. Until now. Throughout his life, he had been unable to follow the codes of his own species, but now his name and the world he left behind would perish where he had deserted it—the past. And if it be left to his will, that place would rot. Now, he would abandon his name and the past he despised so much to become someone new—Solis. 
His cloak flapped in the ferocious wind. Only a mask covered half of his dark purple face up to the eyes. The machine he had constructed ignited. It was made of hundreds of interconnected wires and plates, yet only a single Energy, as it roared like an engine. “And now,” he said, “I shall resurrect the true hero.”
A rumble. Another. Soon the area, a desolate wasteland on a planet long-forgotten, was subject to an outpouring of black, murky mist, lightly coupled with a polychromatic, wispy energy. Its power focused on a single point. A horizontal vortex formed as the wind accelerated. The golden irises of Solis’s eyes searched frantically for any sign.
Solis braced himself as the point widened. The vortex punched a spherical hole into the very fabric of reality. Thunder resonated like alarms and a demonically black lightning emanated in all directions. It was quickly becoming too much to bear. But yet, he had to withstand. For him. The hole grew more pronounced with each passing second.
Through the storm, he heard a voice. A deep, firm, reverberating voice. “Who calls me?” it asked. “What is transpiring?”
Solis gulped, yet spoke through the storm’s fury. “I am Solis, and I am here to resurrect the one who brought so much to this reality I was unfortunately born into!”
“Where is Sonovan Lung?”
“He will be of little consequence soon.”
“I feel... free.”
Solis prepared himself for the arrival of a being of old, a ruler of worlds who had been dethroned, murdered, and banished back to the alternate universe he had originated from—the Shadowverse—five-hundred years prior by an immortal warrior named Sonovan Lung and three of his compatriots, Orslon, Venarian, and Zydok, known by their code name ‘The Shadows.’ 
“Then free yourself, my lord!”
“So be it.”
The Energy swirled everywhere, threatening to knock seven-foot Solis off his feet. Then he saw them. Fingers, grasping the edges of the rotating sphere as the lightning flashed and thunder boomed. Subsequently something else appeared in the hurricane—menacing, crimson eyes. Solis could see the form now—all nine feet of him. So close. “Get through!” he shouted.
The figure growled monstrously. “I never thought I could make it back, but now... I am here!” it roared. And, just like that, he was. In a mere instant, the storm abated. 
Solis could not believe his eyes. He had done it—his highest goal achieved. The naked being—skin white as snow, a bald head, and eyes burning red—sank to his knees on the gravelly terrain. He breathed in a long, drawn-out breath lasting seemingly forever. 
“I’m free!” he boomed in an exhale, his voice echoing for miles. “I’m free!” The being stood and turned to Solis, eyes like daggers, as if boring into his very soul. “Who are you, and how have you accomplished this feat?” 
Instead of an explanation, the cloaked Solis ambled towards the giant and knelt on one knee. “My lord Titan, I have done this so you might again bring pure justice to the universe. I resurrected you. They took everything from you. But that could never stand the test of time. My only request is that I may be by your side throughout the journey. I am Solis, savior of the Titan.”
The being, formerly known as Titan, placed his hand on Solis’s shoulder. “Rise, my Solis.” As if on cue, Solis rose like a medieval knight to look Titan in the eyes. They were far more vibrant than legend had described. “You shall be my Voir. On this day, it commences.”
“My Lord Titan, thank you. That is all I ask.”
Titan stomped past in only two strides. He gazed out towards the desolate, desert-like wasteland before him. In that moment, he realized they would begin the quest he had started all those ages ago, and that now, the universe was more open than ever. “We shall bring the Justification.”

CHAPTER 1
THE BEGINNING


It was deep in the night in New York City. Hiding away in an offset, empty room down an alley treated as abandoned, two men talked about destiny—about the events that were to take place. About the future of human civilization and thinking as a whole.
“I want you to stay here,” said one of the men, dressed in a thick jacket and sweatpants. His black attire outlined his figure in the light of the blue-tinted bulb barely attached to the ceiling corner. “You never know when some beggar or runaway teenager might decide to explore every nook and cranny of this damned city. Make sure nobody comes near the alley.”
“Sure thing, Z,” the other answered, hustling to the door to lead the way. “Just make sure you notify me when you will be returning.” 
“I will. Remember: You do your job, and I do mine. You have the simple side of the coin. I’m the one who has to get things started.”
“What things?” 
“Destiny,” he replied. “Oh, by the way, make sure you go for a headlock when she gets there, all right?” 
The lackey’s eyebrows furrowed. “Who’s ‘she’?”
“Trust me, you’ll know.” With that, he shuffled out into the sparsely lit alleyway like a man on a mission, for he was.
From that little corner of nowhere, among the thousands of buildings of New York, he was ready and thoroughly prepared to set in motion the future. His mind was rigorously focused as he stepped out into the cold, crisp November air, crowned with the unrelenting honks of The Bronx traffic. Everything needed to transpire as it should. The time was at hand.

* * *

Johnny Sparks is anything but extraordinary. Growing up in a small town outside the Big Apple, he was a school regular and always tried to not get behind the eight ball. When his fellow classmates were out at parties, he would study meticulously, much to his friends’ dismay. He had always disregarded his status at high school and now college: the 'cute guy everyone wanted to date.’ There was more to life than that.
Johnny had just spent a few hours at his parents’ home, a cute abode in a cozy neighborhood miles away from the bustling city. Though he liked the apartment he rented—its main attraction being closer to The Bronx and not too far from Manhattan—he could never tire of a visiting his childhood residence. 
He and his father, Timothy, sat at the kitchen table, underneath a dim light. The conversation between the two, while his mother, Irene, watched television, turned to the subject of destinies. Today, Johnny felt the frustration of life creep up on him again. “I don’t know, Dad. It’s just... I feel like there should be more. It’s as if I’m stuck in limbo.”
His father kept a serious look, nodding faintly. “I understand, son.”
“I should be on to better things,” he sighed. “Sometimes, I marvel at people. They’re so satisfied with this,” he said, arms outstretched. “I want more.” 
Timothy chuckled lightly, “I remember when you wanted to be an astronaut when you were six. Remember that?”
“Yeah.”
“You wanted to reach the stars. No, you wanted to go beyond them. I still hear that squeaky voice of yours saying it.”
Johnny sighed again. “That didn’t work out. Life hit.”
Timothy pulled his chair up to Johnny, hand on his son’s shoulder. “It still can. Maybe you won’t be an astronaut, but you are special.” 
As he spoke, Johnny’s eyes darted about, desperate to look anywhere else. “It’s true. This world was never big enough for me.”
“Your words aren’t falling on deaf, callous ears, Johnny. You were always this way. When I would watch you with other kids, you gave off a forty-year-old, adult vibe in comparison to everyone else.”
“Yeah, it’s good Ryan, Dusty and Sam understand me.”
“They’re a Godsend.” 
Ryan Slade, and brothers Sam and Dustin Jones, had been Johnny’s best friends since elementary school, when he had met them at his karate class. The brothers were both very prone to mischief and hilarity, while Ryan was the “Big Man on Campus” who, once anyone knew his true personality, was far from the macho-sounding title. He had so many fears that Dustin would sometimes call him “Phobia.”
Johnny chuckled. He checked his watch. Shit. He jerked up. “Sorry Dad, I got to go. Lecture is soon.”
Timothy stood up as well. “Have fun, Johnny. Learn something. Your whole life is ahead of you.”
“Thanks, Dad.”
He bolted out and into his car. Before he put the keys in, he sighed again. Life had better have something in store, he thought. Without another word, he started the car, the engine choking to a steady breath. 

* * *

She had gone through life alone. Besides her parents and grandparents, no one had ever taken a second glance at her. But they were all gone now. Loneliness had stuck closer than the brother she never had. 
Jane. Why had that name been such a curse? It was a name that perfectly matched her life now—dull and meaningless. Since her early teenage years and the death of both her parents, Jane had morphed from an outgoing person to a secretive, shy thing. 
But for her own safety, things had better stay that way. These gifts, though incredible, could pose a bigger threat than any of her vivid nightmares. This is my destiny, she thought. The lone person across the face of the Earth with power. I didn’t ask for them all to be taken. I didn’t ask for any of it. But here I am.
Without warning, she was sucked out of her trance and back into reality. A reality of dozens of phones and needy customers. She brushed away her chestnut bangs to once again fall into her place in society. Back to work. 

* * *

Despite it being a Friday and thus on the verge of the weekend, the night unfolded without any particularly trying events. After their cars were parked and each headed to the lecture, Johnny, Sam, Dustin, and Ryan began talking to each other about a plethora of different things that happened that day. Johnny rarely explained the things he felt almost every single day. He did not want the others to know of his problems. They got to their seats just as the lecture was about to start. The brothers were fixing their dark brown hair, which curled in every direction. 
“Dude, you have to see this video,” started Dustin. “This is becoming a sensation.” The nearly-bald Ryan leaned in to look. 
“Bro that’s so fu—” he responded, before something ripped away his attention. His thick neck jerked in another direction. “W-Wow, I-I think this is the best view I’ve had yet.”
“Who are you staring at now, Ryan?” asked Sam in amusement, as this would be the third crush Ryan had had in only two weeks. He stooped behind the big man to try to get a clearer view at what, or most likely who, he was staring at. “Are you serious? I hate to tell you man, but that one is impossible.”
“Never say never! She hasn’t seen a guy like me yet,” Ryan returned, convinced his strength and glamour could win her heart.
“Ryan, you said that about the last one,” Dustin added, glancing up from his phone. “And also, you are literally the definition of really good Italian bread. You’re super hard on the surface, but on the inside, you’re softer than a baby’s butt.” 
“Hey! C’mon man. Just look at her,” Ryan gestured. “You have to admit it. Looks like she literally dropped out of heaven.”
Johnny let out a chuckle while he flipped through the pages in his notepad. “That’s a new one.”
“Dude, I’ll bet you a hundred dollars that you won’t ever even get into a conversation with her,” Sam replied. “Trust me. Rose Johnson is out of all our leagues,” he continued. “It took a lot of self-pride slaughtering to say that, by the way.” 
Rose Johnson grew up in Pennsylvania and had vibrant red hair with a fair complexion. She was unusually tall, her six-foot height never shying from garnering second looks. Above all else, the air around her always seemed saturated in a “keep away” attitude.
The professor interrupted their bickering. “Lecture is starting! May I have your attention?”
Ryan leaned over, lowering his voice to a whisper. “Bud, I’ll take that bet. Your bank account is about to be starved of one hundred greenbacks.” Sam rolled his eyes, then the lecture began and they begrudgingly quietened down. This did not hinder Ryan from shooting continual glances at Rose, though.
Within the hour, the lecture ended and everyone piled out. Rose was still there sorting her books, but Ryan had no strength or will to walk over and introduce himself. 
“Hey look Ryan, she’s ripe for the taking!” whispered Dustin, pointing. 
“Not. Helping.”
“All right, well, if you won’t jump at this opportunity, we’re leaving,” Johnny stated. “Well, I am, anyways.”
Ryan clenched his teeth, hoping a tsunami of confidence would flood his persona. A minute whipped by, but he just couldn’t will himself into doing it. 
Since Ryan would never acquire said confidence, they left. They were sauntering over to their respective cars when a Hispanic man in a black jacket approached them. 
“Hey, you got a lighter? Mine got lost during the lecture,” he asked.
Johnny turned to the others. “Dude, I don’t smoke! You don’t... right?” 
“Man, do I look like a walking cigarette to you?” responded Ryan. 
Johnny knew Dustin and Sam didn't smoke either, so he just shrugged at the man, who was staring oddly at him. “I’m really sorry buddy, but I can’t hel—oh God.” Something ripped Johnny’s attention away.
“I have one!” yelled a female voice, several feet behind Ryan. 
He froze. “Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.” He didn't look behind him. 
Sam peeked past Ryan and saw her: Rose. His eyes went wide. “Dammit! The one time I make a bet—the one time!”
This turned into the man’s favor. In a split-second, the stranger whipped out syringes like knives. He meandered through the pack of students as they stood still, frozen in time. To their eyes, everything passed too quickly for them to catch, but for him, every breath, every movement—everything stopped as his super-speed took over. And then, it was over, as if nothing had happened.
“Ow!” the boys all jerked in unison. “What the—did I just get bitten by a mosquito?” complained Dustin.
“Whoa, are y’all alright?” asked the man, steadying Johnny.
“Yeah, we’re fi—” Ryan responded, before the visible presence of the flame-haired Rose cut him off. 
Johnny chuckled. “Showtime.” 
Dustin and Sam joined in. “Yeah Ryan, showtime!” Rose glowered at them, though slightly amused. She handed the man her lighter and waved away his thanks.
Johnny spoke up first. “Hey, uh, Rose... right?” 
She grinned, keeping her distance slightly. “Yep, that’s me. I saw you guys in distress, so I decided to lend a helping hand.”
“Ha!” chuckled Dustin, staring at his phone. His face was lit by the white glow as he swiped through a social media feed.
Sam glanced over at Ryan, who was still in shock. “Hey buddy, don’t you have something to say?” he suggested slyly. Ryan turned his head in Sam’s direction and scowled. Rolling her eyes, Rose decided to take the step for him. 
“Ryan, right?” she asked.
He looked down at her, mortified but not as much as he had imagined. This close to her, he noticed she appeared to have dyed her irises red to match her fiery hair. Cool. “Yeah, that’s me, good old Ryan Slade.”
“Yeah, I know,” she responded and his eyes widened. She realized that came out wrong and worked to correct it. “You’re the biggest guy here. It would be impossible for me not to notice you.”
“In more ways than one,” Dustin joked. 
Ryan glared at him. “Anyway, you dye your eyes. I think it looks dope,” he complimented. 
She looked startled for a moment, then smiled. “Oh, yes, you like it? Matches my personality, I suppose.”
Sam facepalmed and groaned dramatically. Johnny, meanwhile, had glanced around and noticed the man had already disappeared. “Whoa, where did that guy go? He was here—he was just here.” Everyone scanned the area, but couldn't see any sign of where he had gone.
“Yeah—that’s, uh, that was quick,” responded Dustin, no longer attached to his phone.
“Eh, whatever. Who cares?” Ryan answered, focused only on the situation in front of him.
“But he was just...” Johnny replied before succumbing to faintness. 
“Holy shit! Johnny!” screamed Dustin. The others panicked as they all bent down to examine him. Rose got down and checked for a pulse.
“He's breathing. He’s OK... for now.” She felt his pulse and flinched. “Whoa. Whoa, what the heck?” 
“What is it?” demanded Ryan. Unconscious, Johnny Sparks was now beginning to draw a crowd. 
“It’s his pulse. It’s really damn fast.”
Ryan looked at her. “How fast?” 
She eyed him, agitated. “Very,” she responded. Ryan felt his friend’s pulse. It seemed to beat with such ferocity that, instead of the typical thud, it gave off a higgity diggity.  
“We’re taking him to the hospital,” Ryan stated flatly. Dustin and Sam shot a hesitant look at him. “Now,” he finished. He picked Johnny up with the classic, “Here we go buddy,” as he slid him into the car. He shot looks back at Sam and Dustin. “All right. Get in your car and follow. Rose will come with me,” he ordered like a military general, motioning with his arms.
“Wait, who said I wanted to be a part of this?” she interrupted, half angry, half bemused. 
Without warning, Johnny shot up like a catapult and hit his head on the ceiling of Ryan’s car. “Argh!”
“Johnny!” screamed his friends as one. 
“Are you all right? Do you feel weird?” asked Sam. 
“Yeah, I do,” responded Johnny, sounding extremely drowsy. Then, just as quickly as he had awakened, he slumped back down to the seat as unconsciousness overtook him again. 
“And... he’s out again,” exclaimed Dustin. 
“Great,” added Sam. 
But, within seconds, he shot up again, fully conscious. “Whew! Ow!” he yelped loudly as Rose and the others, now peering in, jerked back in surprise. “Wow, I feel... so good right now.”
“Dude, you just lost consciousness twice. How can you say you feel good?” asked Dustin, puzzled.
Sam shot him a glance. “Who cares? As long as he’s OK.”
Ryan inspected Johnny's expression and color. “How many fingers am I holding up?” 
“Less than the number of crushes you’ve had,” was the quick response. Ryan’s face froze, while Sam and Dustin burst out laughing. Rose stared from one to the other, confused. 
Dustin finally controlled his mirth enough to speak. “That’s definitely him.” 
Ryan flushed and remained silent. 
After a little conversation among the five, they decided to go out to eat—Ryan insisting to pay. Under ordinary circumstances, the answer would be no. But tonight was no ordinary night.
“OK, OK, just hold on. I have to call my Dad.” She took out her phone and dialed. “He’d be worried sick if I was even fifteen minutes late. He’s that kind of guy, you know.”
“Yeah, good dads are like that,” replied Ryan, helping Johnny get up from the seat. An urge to sigh revealed itself, but he brushed it off. “To be honest, there really aren’t many like him. You should feel lucky.”
“I do,” she answered, turning away. Just then, her father picked up.
“Rosie, where have you been? You’re way late! I was just picking up the phone to call you!” the worried voice sounded over the phone. 
“It’s OK Dad, I know. I was just out helping some friends... I mean, classmates.” The others looked up in interest at her choice of words. She rolled her eyes and turned around, pacing as she talked with her father.
“What? Since when do you have friends?” was the response. 
“Dad! It’s fine! We're just going to McDonald's or something. I should be back in about an hour.”
“I’m happy for you. About time! If anything else happens, don’t hesitate to call me, Rosebud.”
“Don’t worry. I won’t hesitate. I’ll call you when I’m on my way home.” She hung up and walked back to where the rest waited.
“All right, are we ready to get this show on the road?” she asked, glancing around, hands on hips. They coyly nodded. By this time, the lot was almost empty, as people headed off to parties or events. 
“Wait, don’t you have a car?” asked Ryan. 
“Oh, um, no I don’t.”
“So how do you get here, or get anywhere?”
“I take taxis and I—” she blurted, then cut off. 
“You take taxis every time you need to go out? Seriously? Isn’t that like—” Dustin looked confused, “—expensive?” 
“Can we just get going? Please?” That settled the matter and the boys quickly changed the subject. 
“Uh, Johnny, I don’t think you should be driving,” Sam warned. “I’ll drive.”
Johnny got up to walk to his car, feeling slightly delirious. As he took a step, he was suddenly pushed by an unexplainable force. A loud svsssh resounded as his body accelerated at a pace which required him to think quick and hurriedly dodge his car, which he would otherwise have hit. He tripped and landed hard.
“What the hell was that?” he said, a sudden surge of panic overwhelming him. “Uh, guys? Did you just see that?”
Ryan shrugged slightly, bemused by the anxiety in Johnny's voice “See what? You trip?” 
Shivers ran through Johnny like a freight train. “Uh, I... are you sure?” he stuttered. 
“Sure of what?”
Johnny exhaled, desperately trying to keep his emotions in check. “Just watch.”
He jumped forward towards Ryan, Rose and the brothers. Instead of moving a foot or two, Johnny zoomed. This time, though, he could not control himself. His body launched straight at Rose. Miraculously, she dodged Johnny just before he hit the front fender of Ryan’s BMW. His sheer power and speed flipped him right over the gray vehicle, his body smashing onto the parking lot tarmac on the other side.
“Johnny!” Ryan shouted, rushing over. 
“Johnny boy!” Dustin and Sam both yelled. Rose followed. From the ground, Johnny groaned. “What... is happening?”
“Dude, are you all right?” Ryan questioned urgently. 
“I’m fine,” he insisted. “Just let me get up.” They all crowded around Johnny as if he were some celebrity, their expressions full of fear but also amazement and astonishment. Slightly bent over but finally standing, he faced them. “Now, did you see that?”
“Uh... yeah,” Ryan answered, gulping.
Sam’s mouth hung wide open. “Bro, do you—” 
“Have powers?!” Dustin finished, astounded.
“Do I have powers?” Johnny repeated, thinking the sound of his own words might wake him from this dream.
“Why are you asking us?” Ryan replied, his striking eyebrows raised to the heavens. 
“No, it’s impossible,” Johnny said, covering his ears and closing his eyes. As he began to pace back and forth, he muttered continuously, “It’s ridiculous, wake up Johnny—it’s not real.”
“D-Do what you just did!” Sam begged, but Johnny didn’t hear him. Sam grabbed his shoulders and shook him. “Do what you just did! Run again!”
“Again?”
“Again,” they chorused in unison. 
“OK, I’ll try,” Johnny said.
And try he did. In one motion, he bolted off and away. Dust, dirt, and supercharged air blew into the others’ faces like a freakishly powerful hair dryer. 
From Johnny’s point-of-view, he zipped around the sizable parking lot and back to his starting position. Unfortunately, he lost his balance as he dropped out of super-speed, stumbling into Ryan. They fell like dominoes. 
“Are you OK?” Rose asked, holding back a laugh. 
“Never better,” Johnny answered sarcastically, his voice muffled by his sleeve. 
Ryan squinted and grimaced. “Johnny, I think you’re different now,” he muttered. Rose reached out to help them up. Ryan looked up dazedly at the small grin plastered onto her face, her vibrant red hair framing it as striking as ever. Is she helping us up? he wondered. He stared at her hand way longer than he should have. 
“Well, are you getting up or not?”
“Oh, sorry,” he replied. 
“Thanks,” Johnny said. 
She pulled them up onto their feet without much difficulty. In fact, it seemed so easy Ryan wondered for a moment, but there were more pressing matters to attend to. Superpower matters.
Sam dusted Johnny off. “Dude, you’re a superhero now! But how?”
“Don’t call me that,” Johnny said. 
“Why not? Am I the only one here who reads comics, besides Dustin?”
“Plus,” Dustin intervened, “this is a scientific breakthrough. This is a breakthrough, period.”
“I read comics,” Johnny replied in defense. “I don’t study all the time.”
“Oh good, because that would be weird. No girls. No gaming, well, not anymore at least. No partying...” Dustin counted off the reasons on his fingers. 
“Look,” Ryan interrupted, “you were just normal an hour ago. What went wrong?”
“Or right?” Sam jested. 
“I don’t know.” He walked out towards the nearly empty parking lot. “But I know one thing. I need to test this again.”
“Huh?” Dustin asked.
“I just have to control it this time,” Johnny stated. “Throw that rock at me.”
Dustin bent down and picked up a rock, hurling it straight at Johnny’s chest. From Johnny’s point of view, the rock traveled through the air in slow motion, as if he had hit the slower speed button on a YouTube video. The others stood as if in stasis, Dustin’s body still tilted toward his own. Instantly, Johnny snatched the rock out of the air. 
“Whoa!” Dustin shouted. Ryan, Sam and Dustin ran over to him, patting him on the back—even half-hugging—as if he had just scored an overtime goal.
“Hehe, that was sick!” he laughed. 
“It was!” Ryan added.
“Can you do it again?” Rose asked. 
Johnny nodded, “I think I might be able to control it this time. Meet me at Mickey D’s to figure this out.”
“Wait, what?” Sam said.
“Let’s go for a run!” With that, Johnny Sparks blasted away like a rocket, shoved forward by a tremendous force. 
“Johnny!” Ryan shouted.
Rose ran out to see if she could spot him, but he had vacated the area. “What in the heck is going on?!”

* * *

Johnny did not break a sweat as he propelled like a super-powered locomotive on steroids—moving so fast that he was only a blur. The silence sang a peaceful tune, the quiet calming his senses. He only heard the heartbeat-like pounding his feet made on the ridged terrain. 
He raced past the Brooklyn Bridge and nearly cannoned into several civilians, who shrieked from the force of his passing. What he felt was pure speed. It intoxicated him like a drug and, although he had just started that very minute, he wanted to do it forever. No matter the sights, the sounds, or the hustle and bustle of everyday reality, Johnny sped beyond it all into something new.
He stopped on an old dirt road somewhere on Long Island. “Holy crap,” he said to himself, “I’m a speedster!” He took off again, retracing his steps over the Brooklyn Bridge and back into lower Manhattan. He quickly stopped to fumble for his phone and called Sam.
“Sam! Sam, I’m OK! Meet me at Mickey D’s!” he shouted gleefully.
“Johnny? Johnny! Wait hold on!” Sam pleaded, but Johnny had already ended the call. Sam looked at the others. “He’s going to Mickey D’s, boys... and girl.”
“He’s at the McDonald’s? Already?” replied Dustin. “Holy crap.”
Ryan’s hands raised to the sides of his head in disbelief and astonishment. “This is nuts!” he blurted. He turned to Rose, who stood, poised like a model in her red jacket. “So, uh, do you want to come along? You don’t have to.”
Obviously, there was not one alternate reality of differing decisions where she turned down the offer. “I’ll go. Just let me call my Dad again. And before you question me, protest, or whatever, yes I have to call again.”
Ryan smiled, stunned by the fact she consented. Did he just ask a girl out?  “Of course! My car isn’t a dictatorship, you know!”
“Who said I was going in your car?” she retorted. “You don’t want to ride with those dweebs, right?” A second passed and he dropped his mischievous expression for a worried look. “Wait, do you?”
“No,” she replied. “No, I was only joking.” 
He beamed. Looking over at Dustin and Sam, he teased, “Yo, Sam, don’t forget my hundred bucks!” Sam let out an uneasy laugh. It would not be the last.

CHAPTER 2
THE FUTURE

Running at a speed off the charts, Johnny was in total awe as everything blurred around him. As if on skis, he slid to a stop in an alley. A street filled with the hum of cars and people formed a barrier between him and another alley opposite. The noise of the city was like music. Johnny relished in it. Everything seemed so different now, as if he had been blind, yet now could see—he could see a new destiny forming on his horizon.  
He raised his hand in front of his eyes, staring at it in disbelief. His very hand was now a part of a superhuman body.
This is crazy... how is this even possible? he pondered.
Blinking several times as he contemplated what had just happened, he whispered, "I must be dreaming." While his hand still hovered near his eyes, he looked upward—a wonderful sight. Although there were very few stars, he cherished the view from where he stood in the urban playground of New York—a tiny corner of nowhere. The air had chilled, yet, for the first time, the temperature made the scene all the more memorable. Everything seemed fresh.
For the first time, Johnny felt he could relate to the saying: I feel infinite. The good and bad of life faded away as he looked down to his hand once more, astounded by the fact that this was all real and not a dream.
Across the street, he noticed a figure. It was a brunette girl, stomping out of a Cricket Wireless store, carrying a garbage bag like it did her an injustice. He watched from a distance. Pretty girl, bad habit. 
A few seconds later, paused in the dark alley across the street, Johnny watched as a man grabbed her violently. His eyes bulged out of their sockets. For a moment he was afraid, unsure if he should intervene. He had never been in this position before. Nevertheless, all those martial arts lessons had to come in handy at some point.  
Looking around to make sure nobody was watching, Johnny bolted towards the girl, zipping through the light traffic. Unfortunately, as he came within a few feet of the scene, he tripped, spoiling his first haphazard rescue attempt.  
As if Providence was his ally, Johnny's stumble actually accomplished what he set out to do, ramming him into the man's back like an unlucky Formula 1 race car, which shoved both the girl and her assailant to the ground.  
Letting out a groan, Johnny got up. The man also recovered and attempted to attack once more. Now prepared, the girl was ready for her assailant this time. She raised her arm and the man buckled. Johnny stumbled backward, afraid once again. He was not the only person with powers. Apparently, there were more like him. And oddly, he would meet another the same night he received his own.
She’s like me, he thought numbly. What is this? A comic-book?
“Stay away from me!” she shouted. “Stay away!” Using her telekinetic gift, she reached out and threw her assailant into the wall, knocking him out cold. 
Tentatively, Johnny approached her. Telekinesis, he noted, his knowledge of science fiction and fantasy serving him well. He had not blinked for a full minute as he tried to grasp what he had just witnessed. "Are you OK?" he asked. Spinning, she glared up at him in panic. She rearranged her chestnut-colored hair nicely to at least appear somewhat normal. The bangs strewn across her forehead did not obstruct Johnny’s examination. Even in the small amount of light, he could make out a few freckles dotting her cheeks. 
“I’m fine,” she answered, dusting off her coat. “You shouldn’t have seen that.” 
Oh, forget it, just ask her. “Ar-Are you”—he hesitated for a moment— “like me?” 
Her expression changed, amused by his wonder. “Look, just don’t tell anyone about what you saw and forget I exist. It’d be better for both of us.” 
“No, I can't do that.” 
"Why?" she replied. 
"I just... I have been introduced into a new world. I have... abilities." 
She studied his expression, weighing the situation. "Did you hit him?" 
“Yes, well, I tried to. I tripped, so I flew into him,” Johnny replied, gesturing wildly with his hands. “It was unintentional. I have gotten something incredible.” 
She realized she wasn’t alone after all. Maybe superpowers could be legitimately real and she was not the odd one out. “What do you have?" 
He scratched his head and his eyes landed on the unconscious man who was slumped against the wall. "Speed." 
The girl gulped. "How?" 
"I don't know yet." He still found it very difficult to accept what was going on. Less than an hour ago he was an ordinary student, but now...? "So, uh, you have a power too? How? And how did these events line up? If you ask me, it's too coincidental." 
She did not respond.   
"I’m sorry, but who are you?" he asked. "You have a name?” 
“It’s Jane,” she answered. “What’s yours?” 
This is going better than I expected. “Johnny Sparks,” he replied, stuffing his hands in his jacket and smirking faintly. He hoped the smirk had landed in the minute gray area that wasn’t considered blatant flirting or just a kind gesture. “Nice to meet you, Jane. I wish it was under better circumstances.”
“Likewise,” she responded. “Look, Johnny, you nee—”
“I hate to interrupt the tension, but you need to leave. Now.” Johnny turned his head and Jane followed suit. There was another man walking out of the deeper, shadowy parts of the putrid-smelling alley. The vapors rising from the adjacent buildings complemented the arrival of this mysterious stranger. 
He appeared in a beam of golden lamp-light and Johnny immediately recognized him: It was the Hispanic man who asked them for a lighter earlier. Johnny narrowed his eyes.
“Or what?” he retorted, facing the man in the dimly lit alleyway. “What are you going to do? Ask for another lighter?” 
The man laughed, without humor. “You could never comprehend.”
“Comprehend what?” Johnny countered. 
Mystified by the tension boiling between the two, Jane eyeballed the stranger and then Johnny. “Wait, you two know each other?” 
“It’s a long story,” Johnny answered. He did not skew his gaze away from the figure.
“Don’t worry Johnny! You’re a speedster now! You can make any long story short!”
Johnny's expression went blank. “How do you know my name?” he asked, furrowing his brow. The steady buzz of cars and taxis in this part of the Bronx were the only background music to this altercation.
“I know everything about you. But that isn’t important.” 
“Then what is?” Jane piped.
“The future,” he answered. With this, he placed his fingers on his face and tore at an illuminated dot near his ear. Like a serial killer from a horror film, he detached... no, disconnected, the appearance he had faked. Horrified, Johnny took a few steps back. Where the false visage had been, a white mask with black scribbles appeared. White hair seeped out around the edges. In a strange way, the mask marginally matched the true features underneath.
Johnny and Jane glanced at each other in horror and then back at the man. Johnny connected the dots. “It was you... you did this to me.” The night’s events were all starting to make sense. The lighter. Why the man had disappeared without a trace.
“Excellent deduction, Sparks.” The man, now wearing the monochrome face mask, laughed. “Yes, I know your last name too.”
“What do you want?” Jane asked. 
He gazed at her. “For you to save everyone.”
“What did you say?” Johnny questioned. He slowly edged towards the man, who remained standing in the darkness. Jane tried to stop him, but he did not, would not stop.
“You heard me,” replied the man. They were face-to-face now. “Just do what you do best,” he instructed, staring at Johnny through his mask. Taking a few steps forward, he walked right past Johnny and towards the busy street beyond.
“And what’s that?” Johnny retorted in an atypically serious tone.
The man turned around, the eyes behind the mask boring into his own. “Be the hero.” 
Dumbfounded, Jane scowled at the man. “Where are you going?” 
“Must I tell you?” 
“You probably should,” Johnny retorted.
He dismissed them with a chuckle. “See you sometime soon out there.”
As the masked man prepared again to leave, Johnny stopped him with a question. “Did you affect the others? Do they have... powers, too?” 
The man stared at him intensely, the city lights gleaming around his outline. Johnny could feel his heart pounding through his chest. “I guess you’ll just have to find out.” 
“What does that mean?” he asked.
“It means whatever you want it to mean.”
“Will I ever see you again?” 
“Possibly.”
What the hell is happening? Johnny thought to himself for the millionth time that night—and not for the last. He narrowed his eyes again and asked, “Who are you really?”
“I am the future.”
“Of what? What does that even mean?” The stranger did not answer. “Do you have any abilities?” Johnny inquired, internally freaking out to be using such a comic-book, fantastical word. “Like me? And her?” He gestured to Jane, who was intrigued, yet alarmed.
Again, the masked man did not clarify. His figure stood out in stark contrast to the scenery outside the alley, full of cars, pedestrians, and the rest of everyday life in The Bronx. 
Head high, as if king of the city, he said, “Look at these people. How distracted and always uneasy they are.” A few passersby actually glanced their way at this, then continued about their business incuriously. “In time, we will usher in the future.”
In the blink of an eye, the stranger was gone, leaving dust swirling in the air in his wake. Johnny and Jane’s hair blew backwards with the force of his departure. 
Johnny was left speechless: puzzled, afraid, yet motivated. Staring at the end of the alleyway where the mysterious man disappeared, and then glancing back in the opposite direction at the semi-active nightlife, he contemplated the encounter. Maybe his life was beginning to finally have real meaning and purpose.
At the end of this steamroll of thoughts, he turned to Jane, who stood frozen in a halo of golden lamplight. “Will you come with me?”
CHAPTER 3

UNDERSTANDING


Barely fifteen minutes had passed since the talk with the stranger, which Johnny internally designated “The Encounter.” Johnny and his new acquaintance, Jane, sat in the corner seat of a McDonald’s, talking.
“So, what’s your story?” Johnny asked, a slightly-flirtatious smirk pasted on his face. His chiseled, razor-sharp chin that seemed irresistible to many girls of his acquaintance was raised toward her. 
She eyed him in amusement yet definitely not reservation. “My parents were taken away from me in a car accident,” she started. His smirk dropped like a rock. “I was left to live with my grandparents since the age of fifteen. They recently passed. Two of the finest people I have ever known.”
“I’m so sorry,” he interrupted. “What happened? The accident, I mean.”
“I never found out. My parents once worked for the local government. They knew stuff about the leaders, here and in a place in Montauk. I think it had something to do with that.” She leaned in just a tad, elbow resting on the table. “But don’t feel bad for me. I’ve gotten along.”
“Don’t say that,” he replied, shaking his head. “I do feel bad. That’s horrible.”
She smiled, then glanced toward the floor. “Thank you, by the way, for saving me.”
In return, he smiled widely back at her. Maybe a bit too widely. But hey, this hero gig had its perks. “You did all of it. I just swooped in and screwed everything up.” 
“What matters is that you did something. That was courageous. And you stood up to that man. I don’t know what he wants, but he gave off this... vibe.”
“Remember what he told us?” Johnny replied. “'I am the future,'” he said, making the quotation gestures with his fingers. 
She nodded twice. “There’s something going on here. He started something.”
“What makes you think that?” Her words tingled his spine. But he instinctively felt it was the truth. He had started something—something incredible.
“A year after my parent’s death, I could almost sense... an outcome. It’s a super-version of clairvoyance, I guess?”
“What do you mean?”
“It’s hard to explain. But, have you ever you ever heard of a sixth sense?”
“Yeah. Like spider sense, you mean. From comics. Or the film.” She nodded, to indicate his assumption was spot-on. 
Johnny wasn't sure he understood, but clearly something had transpired and he promised himself he would devote as much time as necessary to figure out what. “My biggest concern is the others,” he said, crossing his arms over his chest. 
“Your friends?” 
“Yeah.”
“Tell me more.”
Johnny chuckled lightly to himself. Where should he even start?  “Well, for one thing, there’s Ryan. He is a bit of a goof, but the good kind. Shyness is one of his problems, ironically. Ironic, because, well, he’s... a pretty big guy—his dad was a wrestler.” 
“A wrestler? Wow, nice.”
“Yeah, he doesn’t really do it though. He’s a martial artist instead. His size is amplified by his crew-cut hair.” Jane giggled, but he brushed off her reaction and continued. “Sam and Dustin—they’re brothers—met me at the karate school we all attended. They’re... many things. You’ll find out soon enough.” 
The door opened suddenly and a nearly-bald, stout young man, matching the appearance Johnny had described, barged through. Dustin and Sam followed and Rose brought up the rear.
“Johnny!” Ryan shouted. The symphony of voices throughout the McDonald’s silenced and attention focused on the three. Ryan frowned. “Back to whatever you guys were doing,” he told the small crowd. “Nothing to see here.” 
“Jedi business, back to your drinks!” Dustin called.
Dustin, Sam, Ryan, and the newly-met Rose, joined Johnny and Jane at their table. Ryan sat down next to Jane but focused only on Johnny. “Holy shit bro! Listen, you can’t do that!” he exclaimed. Slowly he registered Jane’s stare. “Excuse me, who are you?” Ryan asked, turning to her. Dustin and Sam’s eyebrows rose in unison. 
“Oh, this is, uh, this is Jane. It’s a long story.” Johnny stammered awkwardly.
“Yeah, you usually are not the one to hang out with girls,” Sam chuckled. “Well, not anymore.”
“It had better be long enough,” Dustin added, jerking his head to shift his brown hair out of his eyes.
Ryan extended his hand in polite greeting and flashed a quick smile. “I’m Ryan Slade.”
She shook it. “Like he said, I’m Jane...Cooper”
“It’s good to meet you.”
“So, uh, Jane, you good with us all squeezing in here?” Johnny asked.
“Sure,” she answered.
The other three piled into the semicircle seating surrounding the round table and Johnny began to recount what had occurred. He told them about how he met Jane, her powers, the cigarette man, and his new ability.
“This guy was not what he looked like. He was wearing a mask. But it wasn’t a typical mask. It was somehow electronic.”
“I knew something was up with that guy!” Sam said. “He was acting all weird.”
“Really?” Johnny asked. “Then you called it.”
“I take it you saw his real face?” questioned Ryan. 
“No, we didn’t,” replied Jane. “It was covered by another mask.”
“Like a mask on top of a mask?” Ryan said incredulously. “That’s crazy shit.”
“What did he say to you?” Sam inquired.
Johnny shook his head slowly, trying to recollect the words the stranger had spoken. “I don’t know. He made these comments... that he was 'the future,’” Johnny said, again making quotation marks with his fingers. “And, apparently, we all have to work together now.”
“Wait, what do you mean?” Ryan replied.
“I don’t know. But he said we have to ‘save everyone.’”
The table fell into a trench of silence. “What does that even mean?” Sam wondered.
“I don’t know,” Johnny responded. 
“And then he just sped away?” Dustin asked.
“Yep.”
“Great. A supervillain who is hiding in wait. Just what we need.”
“Well, he insinuated you guys might acquire powers too. Superpowers. Like Jane and I.”
Ryan and the brothers, as if controlled by a remote, simultaneously narrowed their eyes. “Whoa, what?” Ryan retorted.
“So, you’re telling me we might have powers too?” whispered Sam. “How? When?”
“I swear to God if I get anything stupid, I’m going to sue that guy,” Ryan moaned. “Like, if it’s the ability to control flowers or something then I’m just going to stay home.”
Dustin chuckled. “Don’t worry, it would suit you.” Ryan returned him a glare. “Oh, sorry. Save it for the mat—got it.”
Johnny shook his head. “I don’t think it works that way. I guess you have to sleep in order to gain your powers? Kind of like how I did?”
“What about you?” Dustin asked, motioning at Jane. “How did you get your powers? And what are they?”
“This is effing nuts,” Sam whispered. “I can’t believe we’re literally saying powers like it’s a household word. This is real life, guys.”
“Well, I’m proof that statement is now false,” Johnny responded.
“Telekinesis,” Jane started, “and, I don’t know. One day I just found out, I guess. But you can’t ever share that to anyone you know.” She gave them a serious look. “Promise?”
“We promise,” Johnny insisted. “Right guys?”
“Sure, but can you give us a demonstration?” asked Rose. She had not spoken up to this point. “I would love to see. I’m Rose, by the way.”
“Hi, I’m Jane, if you haven’t heard already,” she replied, slightly laughing. 
“Yeah, that would be sick,” Sam added. “Can you move my cup right there?” 
Jane nodded. “Can you just check around?”
“Oh yeah, sure,” Ryan replied.
“I got you covered,” Sam added. They both checked to make sure people were either glued to their phones, in conversation, or eating—or all three at the same time.
“All clear,” Ryan notified. “Now, let’s see this.”
Reaching out her hand, Jane telekinetically gripped Ryan’s cup. It slowly inched in her direction as she drew it towards her open hand and clutched it. 
“Whoa!” Sam marveled. 
“Dope!” Dustin added. “That was awesome!”
“Astounding,” Rose complimented. “That was really cool.”
“What she said,” Ryan muttered, amazed.
“I know, right?” Johnny said. “I was totally freaked out when she did it on the thug. Thumped him right out.”
“I would literally pay to see that,” Dustin replied.
“Ya, pay-per-view, huh?” Sam added. 
“Can you do it again?” Ryan asked, large elbows seated on the table.
Flashing a childish grin, Jane nodded. 
This time, she dragged her own cup into her hand—it slid a shorter distance, but at a much faster rate. 
“Cool!” Sam exclaimed. 
“Wow, that was absolutely incredible,” Ryan added as well. 
“What Ryan said, times ten million,” Dustin affirmed.
At that moment, Dustin and Sam both let out an uneasy laugh. “Shit,” Dustin blurted. “So, the million-dollar question is, are you a Jedi or a Sith?”
Jane smiled, tilting her head back to think. “Oh, definitely a Jedi. The Sith are cool though.”
Dustin and Sam glanced at each other, eyes sparking with all kinds of mischief. “Hey Johnny,” Sam started, “Are you totally sure you don’t know her?”
Johnny frowned. “What are you even trying to say?” 
The brothers both glanced at each other again, but did not answer. 
“Anyway, yeah, we won’t say squat,” Ryan cut in. “But you really think”—at this point, he whispered— “that the Feds had something to do with the death of your parents?” 
“My parents, I’ve concluded, knew too much. They were always into those sorts of things. Who else but government ‘leaders’ to kill those who stand in their way?”
“Well, there are such things as criminals, terrorists, you know, the bad lot,” Ryan said. 
At that comment, Rose cut in. “I know a guy,” she said as everyone turned to glance at her. “Kevin. Kevin Moon. His father’s a billionaire, and his mom works for the government.”
“I’m sorry,” Sam replied, “But how do you happen to know a billionaire’s son?” She just shifted uncomfortably and shrugged.
“I think we should go to his place. He knows a lot about me... and other stuff. And he could maybe help Jane discover some things about Montauk Laboratory and Camp Hero. You have all heard of the Montauk Boys, right?”
“Yeah, of course! They were... I’m sorry who were they again?” replied Dustin, with a shrinking confidence in his knowledge. 
Rose exhaled dramatically. “OK, well basically, some people—mainly beggars and the homeless—were abducted and experimented on. Others were used as slaves. They say they were tested for telekinetic and telepathic abilities, but that’s probably bull. UFO’s and encounters with strange beings had been reported. You know, it’s your standard spooky conspiracy. Take it or leave it.”
“How come I’ve lived here for years and yet haven’t heard any of that?” Ryan asked.
“Because your face is always buried in a video game,” Dustin quickly fired.
“Whatever.” The table fell into silence. They watched the other customers filing in and out of the doors. An aura of awkwardness permeated and the group competed to see who would be the first to speak.
For you to save everyone, Johnny recollected. Well, if the stranger meant they would join forces, this was proving to be a hilariously mediocre start.
Finally, Sam broke the ice. “So, what else? The mystery is strong with this one.”
Jane glanced at him, confused, but didn't speak a word.
“Ignore him,” Johnny said. “And his brother. They’re a special kind of folk.”
“Damn right,” Dustin countered. “I’m sorry, but I don’t see anybody else in here who boasts as many Fortnite Victory Royales.”
“Yeah, except me,” Sam retorted. 
Dustin shook his head, glaring at his brother. It seemed the two were locked in the midst of a soundless argument.
“This is freaking awesome,” Ryan stated at last. “You, your powers, that guy... it was even nice meeting you, Rose.”
She raised her eyebrows. “Thanks, but don’t get too ahead of yourself.”
“Ah, you’ve had some bad bae’s in the past, got it,” Ryan responded, unexpectedly sensitive to her unspoken thoughts. “Don’t blame you, some guys just suck.”
Surprised, she did not come up with a response, but rather inspected his expression. Wow, he’s not wrong, she thought. Interesting.
Those red irises, though, Ryan thought. And the hair. He checked his watch. “Well, I’ve got to get back,” he stated. “My mother freaks out. Stupid, I know. Over twenty and she still loses it if I’m home too late.”
Dustin furrowed his brow in a comedic style. “What does your mom not freak out about?” 
Johnny ignored their chatter. “You want to meet tomorrow?” he asked the whole table. “Maybe we can figure this out as we go along.”
“Figure what out?” Sam replied.
“Well, if tomorrow you wake up with powers, that kind of might need figuring out.”
“All right, I’m game,” Rose agreed. 
“Awesome. Jane?”
He noticed her gulp as the spotlight of their attention turned to her. Wow, she’s really a shy type.
“I guess... sure. I don’t have many friends so I might be a bit... weird.”
“Don’t worry. I want us to get to know each other, you know? It started off with Dustin, Sam, Ryan and me—been like that for years now. It’s time to expand our team!”

* * *

“You have a means of transportation, Jane?” Johnny asked, walking down the path from the entrance.
“Yes,” she answered.
“All right, well I guess I might see you tomorrow at Moon’s house?” 
“Yeah, you will,” she replied as she walked backward to her car. “I had such a good time—with everything that happened.”
“Ditto!” 
She giggled. “Don’t say that! I hate that word!” she replied back.
Johnny raised his arms to the air as if under arrest. “OK miss, now don’t hurt me! Not a thug!” She laughed again and slid into her car. She honked as he smiled and slid his hands in his pockets, watching her Fiat disappear down the street. 
“Wow.” Still smiling, he turned around to find Dustin and Sam gawping at him incredulously. 
“Whoa, shit,” he gasped, startled. “You scared me... what?”.
They looked at each other, and then back at Johnny. “Oh Lord, please help our dear friend Johnny Sparks in his quest for love,” said Sam, joining his hands in prayer. 
“Amen!” Dustin finished solemnly.
He rolled his eyes. “You guys are such assholes.”
“No Johnny, we’re just, uh, morbids? There’s a difference.”
Johnny facepalmed. “Let’s get back to the apartment.”
“Aren’t you forgetting something?” replied Dustin.
“What?” 
“Oh, I don’t know, maybe your only means of transportation before an hour ago?”
“Oh crap! My car!” 
Sam gestured a thumbs up with his right hand. “It’s still back at the college.”
“And can you explain why nobody happened to drive my car over here for me?”
“Uh, who do you think had the keys, baby?”, Dustin responded sarcastically. 
Johnny chuckled. He knew Dustin was joking around. Plus, who knows if Dustin might have got a speeding ticket if he drove Johnny’s car? He has a history of that. Then he got an idea. Speed. I’ll just run there.
“Whoa! Slow down turbo,” Ryan said, out of the blue. “The last thing we need is you running through middle of the city to your car. Although I would love for you to do it again, I’m acting the parent here. Not happening.” 
“How did you know I was thinking that?” Johnny replied.
“You were doing that thing when you think out loud,” Ryan answered, pressing his finger on his head in an exaggerated pondering gesture. “And also, I’ve known you long enough to know what you’re thinking.”
“But look on the bright side! I'll get used to it quicker! Like buying a new car!”
“One,” retorted Ryan, making a one symbol with his finger, “you have never bought a car. You just use your dad’s Honda.” 
“Eh, whatever. Served its purpose, ‘Dad,’” replied Johnny, fingers curved into quotation marks for the third time in as many hours.
“No! No, you are not going to do th—” 
Johnny looked to the road. The buildings were like barriers on a runway. “Be back in ten!” he replied. His voice cut off by the swish of his body as it accelerated. 
Ryan sang a string of expletives like a soloist. He watched as Johnny sped straight down the street and out of sight.
“I am never, ever, ever, ever going to get used to that,” Sam said. 
“It is amazing,” Rose added. “I have truly never thought I’d see the day, you know?”
“Tell me about it,” Ryan replied, his eyes still on the street. “Sammy, call him. Tell him to drive straight to your apartment. We’ll talk there. Then, I’ll get back to my house.”
“All right.”
Ryan turned around and looked at Rose. “As for you,” he said as he walked closer, “you need to get back to your house.”
“T-Thanks, by the way, for the rides.”
“Y-Yeah, n-no problem,” Ryan stuttered, trying to phrase it correctly. For some stupid reason he had stuttered when she did. “My pleasure!” 
“Yep, it’s not like he doesn’t want to do it,” interrupted Sam, phone to his ear.
“Dude, shut up!” 

* * *

As Jane drove, she felt light-headed with elation. That was the most she had conversed with other human beings in months, outside of the clichéd ‘hello’ to her fellow coworkers. 
Nevertheless, some had seemed to like her, but she was far too withdrawn to ever go that route. That was why, though in her early twenties, no one had desired to date Jane. 
But these people were so different. For the first time, she felt wanted. Johnny himself had promised to make sure they would all stay together—something that felt... quite spectacular. She almost blushed. Almost.
Her eyes watered a bit, as she drove through the streets of The Bronx, thinking about what had happened to her parents. Why? Why were they taken? Everything that had transpired since that moment of terror and sadness was influenced by that event. Her life had ground to a stop. Her personality—previously light and friendly—died with them.
She grinned slightly as her mind was distracted from her grief with an onslaught of very different emotions, as she thought of Dustin and Sam. They were the nerdiest weirdos she’d met in an eternity. Yet so funny. Not only the way they spoke, but their appearance—it commanded a chuckle. In her eyes, they were living memes. She laughed again. Each laugh broke down something deep inside. Something that had waited to be broken and was finally free. At long last, life might restart for Jane Cooper. And she just couldn’t stop laughing.

* * *

Johnny was starting to get used to this. As he ran, though, he made sure he kept his speed low, afraid that his clothes might catch on fire if he increased to his full speed. 
“Woo-hoo!” he screamed, thrilled, speeding by every shop and building in a blur. His enjoyment was short-lived. Johnny tripped on a small crevasse in the road, flipping him over. Landing on his back, he gasped, the wind knocked out of him. He groaned. 
   “Well, Rome wasn't built in a day, I suppose,” he griped, massaging his back. But in just minutes, the pain had subsided. “Oh, wow. OK. That’s interesting.”
He took out his phone and texted Ryan. So, I think I might have healing abilities too. At least, somewhat.
Are you kidding me?! 
Johnny laughed, and as quickly as he had fallen, he was up again and running, blazing through the urban jungle of cars, civilians, and everything else that goes with the term ‘city.’ His brain seemed on fire as he blew past buildings and pedestrians with ease. 
He arrived at his destination—the community college parking lot where it all began—in less than a minute and looked around. The place had been almost completely vacated, only a few cars sparsely dotting the parking lot. “Ha, new record,” he laughed to himself. “By default.”
Little did he know. He was not the fastest man alive. Another already claimed that title.

CHAPTER 4
THE SHADOW

During the ride, it took all of Ryan’s might not to glance too often at Rose. He hoped she was all right, because her hands rested stately on her lap the whole time. In order not to make the situation awkwardly quiet, he utilized some conversational skills taught by some random YouTuber to drum one up.
“So, how’s your dad treat you?” he started, glancing her way.
“Amazing,” she answered. “Almost like I was blessed.”
“That’s great... what’s he like?” Ryan probed.
“You’d like him,” she responded. “He is a good man. He knows me better than I know myself.”
“He’s a winner, then?”
“Definitely.”
“How about your mom?” There was a long pause, which prompted Ryan to glance again. “Rose?”
“She died when I was young. Henry, my Dad, never talks about it.”
“I’m sorry,” he replied. “What happened?”
“I don’t want to talk about it either.” 
“Fair enough.” Don’t end it on that note, he thought. “So, uh, what do you like to do? Have any hobbies?”
“You like talking?” she snapped irritably.
Ryan tensed. Dang it, too soon, he internally cried. Way to go, Ryan.
“I’m kidding,” she said. “You knew I was kidding, right?”
Inside, his tears turned to celebration. “Uh, not really. You’re awfully good at being serious. If I didn’t know better, I would think you’re either Dusty or Sam.”
“I’m flattered. Here, that’s my house,” she pointed. 
“Nice place you got there.”
She smiled. “It is. Thanks for the ride Ryan,” Rose said as she got out of his Toyota. “Not many guys are as nice as you.”
Score! “Y-Yeah, I’m always trying to be, you know, respectful. And all the stuff that goes with that.” He did not mention he had never really done this before.
She smiled again. “It doesn’t go unappreciated,” she replied. “Oh, by the way, here is the address.”
“Address?”
“To Kevin’s house.”
“Oh! Right,” he replied, mentally slapping himself. “That guy. I’m so stupid.”
“If you’re stupid, then I’m a delinquent,” she jested quickly.
It was such well-timed wit that Ryan laughed. “Heh, that was funny, Rose. You got a comical side to you, huh?”
“I’m glad you think so.” She turned toward the short path to her house. “See you tomorrow!” she hollered as she strode away.
He waved. Looking back at his steering wheel, he sang a made-up song to himself. “See ‘ya, wanna be with ‘ya,” he sang quietly as he turned the wheel, sighing. “In your dreams, Ryan. In your damn dreams.”

* * *

Walking into her house, Rose said hello to her father, then quickly headed to her bedroom to change. 
Once she slipped into long pajamas, her father came by and rested his shoulder on the bedroom door entry. “So, how was your day?” her father asked. “It’s not often you decide to go out with people.”
“Well, it was really good,” she answered as she bit her lip. 
“Mhm, so that’s all it was? Just good?” he replied, looking at her with his arm resting casually on the bookshelf. “So, what is it, sweetie? Boys?”
“You’re right. I am a terrible liar.”
“Don’t take it so hard—it’s a compliment. These boys. Are they your friends now?”
Rose laughed uneasily and felt flustered. “No, we’re not there yet,” she responded. “And there’s a girl, too.”
“Really? How’d you come to meet her?” 
Internally debating what to tell him, she waited a moment. Only because this was her father did she decide to elaborate. “Dad, can you follow me into the living room? There’s something I need to explain to you.”
Henry nodded steadily. “Of course,” he whispered in his quiet, calming tone. He had always been there for her, even in the darkest moments of her past. When once she had lost control, he never did. She told him everything. Johnny’s change into some kind of meta-human. Each of the guys, Jane, how they met each other, and, of course, including Johnny’s encounter with the mysterious stranger in the alley. Once she had finished explaining, he spoke up.
“I have heard a lot of crazy stories, but that has to be the craziest ever told.”
“Do you believe me?” she asked.
“Of course, I believe you,” he replied, “but I have one question.”
“Uh, huh?”
“Did you tell them?”
Her face changed. It was too big of a secret, and if they found out, who knows what could happen? “No, I didn’t,” she said. “I’ll need to think about it for a while. What do you think?”
“It’s your decision to make. Whatever makes you feel comfortable. You know, they don’t have to know at all.”
Rose nodded. “I guess that’s the best advice I can get right about now,” she sighed.
He smiled and sat on the bed, right next to her. “How about we turn that frown upside down with some late-night waffles? How’s that sound?”
She shook her head. “How do you always know what’s perfect for me?”
Chuckling, he replied, “Let’s just say it’s my job to know.” With that, they went into the kitchen to enjoy a late-night snack.

* * *

“Dude, it was so awesome! I was running and everything was so fast and—”
“Johnny!” interrupted Dustin.
“Wh-What?”
“Slow down! Can’t you explain it slower?” Sam added. “I want to gobble this info up properly.”
“Oh, sorry,” Johnny apologized. “Still getting used to this.”
“Talking about ‘this,’ any idea when we might get ours?” 
“You mean your powers?” Johnny asked.
“Duh,” quipped Ryan.
Johnny frowned and looked across the room at Ryan, who gazed moodily out of the window. “Since when are you contributing to this conversation?”
Ryan did not respond. 
“He’s dreaming about his girlfriend. Leave him alone,” Dustin said.
“Yeah, he’ll be fine,” added Sam.
Ryan looked over and took out his phone to text his mother. “Look, guys, I gotta go. My mom’s not gonna like it if I’m home much later. It’s only because of Johnny boy that I came all the way over here.”
“Thanks bro. Have a good one,” Johnny called across the small apartment. 
“See you later Ryan,” added Dustin.
“If you wake up with some weird powers you never had before, feel free to call me, 'K?” Sam advised, making a ‘call me’ sign with his hand.
“That’s a given, bro,” replied Ryan as he closed the apartment door. Dustin and Sam soon followed as they went down the hall to their shared apartment. 

* * *

“Good night Dad, I love you,” Rose said. After the delectable snack, she kissed him and went to her room finally get a much-needed sleep.
This might be the craziest day on record, she thought. But I can’t wait to see what’s next.
Rose turned off her lights and hopped into bed. As her thoughts drifted to the events of the night and the new people she had met, sleep overwhelmed her. Until that is, she heard it. The voice.
“Adia!”
In an instant, she snapped out of bed. After waiting for some time, she decided it was nothing but her mind playing tricks. Hesitantly, she fell back onto the pillow.
“Adia!”
Now she acknowledged that she was not imagining things. Slowly rising in her bed in dread, she turned her lamp on. She listened, but heard nothing. “Who are you?” she whispered. 
“A memory,” the voice deepened to a low growl, “of a time you have long forgotten.”
It had to have been in her head. But it couldn't be! It sounded far too real. At that moment, she saw something. She could not quite make it out, but it looked like a light-displaced figure, similar to a mirror reflection. Her neck pulsed in fear. 
“Come and see,” the anomaly whispered. 
“See what?” she replied in a whisper. 
The figure disappeared but then quickly reappeared in a new form—something far more intimidating. Across the wall in her room was the shadow of a gigantic being. Its red eyes bore into her. 
“The laboratory,” it directed, as a massive hand stretched out—out to take her. Then it disintegrated into nothing. Rose stared at the wall, sweating in her sheets. A moment later she was asleep. But not by her will.

* * *

Jane had only just arrived back at her apartment. Still recovering from what felt like the drive of a lifetime, Jane plopped herself in bed and snuggled under the covers to keep warm. Tired from the events of the past few hours, her mind drifted away to a different yet splendid world—a world of dreams—before something ripped her from them.
“Jane!”
Similar to Rose’s reaction, she snapped open her eyes and turned the light on. She didn’t spot anything suspicious, but soon heard the voice again.
“Jane!”
“What?” she shrieked. At first, she had thought her mind was fooling her, but deep down she knew that the ominous reality was exactly the opposite. “Is there anyone here?”
“Come and see,” it whispered, its tone deeper than a sinkhole.
She shook with fear. Nobody was there, yet the ominous presence was unquestionably apparent. “Who are you?” she questioned. 
The voice materialized into a figure. It rose straight out of the floor like a serpent and stood to the ceiling. “I want to help you.” As if on cue, in conjunction with her growing fear, the piercing eyes of her intruder deepened to a devilish crimson.
“Why?” 
“I have seen your destiny—what you can achieve. Your powers, born from Ooris, can aid the universe—much like mine.”
“Ooris? What’s that?"
“The true source of your gifts. And once you master it, you can accomplish an extraordinary number of feats, all with my guidance.”
She suddenly felt bolder. “I won’t take any advice from a shadow.”
Her intruder let out a low, deep laugh, and focused its eyes now on her opened window and the city beyond. “Incredible—this is the world The Shadows saved,” the figure spoke. But then, he fixed his attention back on her. “And we shall see about that, Jane Cooper.”
With that, the figure and the voice that accompanied it vanished. Jane flew out of bed as if her life depended on it. She picked up her phone from her dresser. Without thinking, she dialed the one person she believed could help, although their acquaintance was still quite early in development.

* * *

In his apartment and sitting up in his bed, Johnny had been processing it all as he gazed out the window. Out of nowhere, his phone rang. He looked at the caller ID and realized it was Jane. He had already set her up as a contact and marked it as important.
“What the hell?” he said to himself, furrowing his brow. He quickly picked it up.
“Hello? Jane? Are you all right?”
“I’m sorry, Johnny. Were you sleeping?”
“What? Uh, no, actually. I-I wasn’t.” He gazed through the window at the serene, silent urban landscape.
“Good. Because you’re going to need to be awake for this.”
“Huh? Wait, don’t tell me it’s the mystery man.”
“I wish that’s all it was.”
He paused. “I’m on my way.”

CHAPTER 5
HIGHER CALLING


Jane looked up from her bathroom mirror, having just finished reverting back to casual clothes at the sound of Johnny’s knock. “I’m coming!” she called, rushing to open the creaky entrance.
Johnny smiled and awkwardly waved once at the sight of her oversized long-sleeved shirt. She welcomed him inside.
"I am sorry,” Jane started. “I shouldn't have had you come all the way here. I just... I needed to see someone. I was feeling crazy," she said, tumbling her fingers together, then tucking her hair behind her ears, periodically glancing at Johnny. Her heart was racing. She was embarrassed for calling him, and yet she was happy to see him.
Johnny frowned and waved her apology off. “Don’t apologize. It’s my pleasure, Jane.”
In response to his kindness, she simply nodded, chestnut bangs slightly dancing with each movement.
“Wow, nice place you got here,” he said as he looked around. “It’s even nicer than mine.”
“Yeah, I’ve been working on it. I’m considering adding a flower pot on the window sill,” she pointed. “I just hope I can keep it healthy.”
“Oh, OK. Super,” he acknowledged. “So, what happened?” he asked, glancing surreptitiously at her bed. It was a neat little thing, unfortunately perfectly sized for just one person.
“Oh! Sorry, I almost forgot why you were here,” she replied. 
Johnny watched as her eyes searched frantically for something. Her anxiety was obvious by the way she bit her lip. “You OK?” he asked as she glanced up at him. “You look like you need something.”
“What? Oh, sorry. I just really need a coffee right now,” she answered. “Do you want some?”
Ignoring the last part of her sentence, he blazed over to the counter and started the coffee machine. Then he came right back. 
“Oh! I wasn't expecting you to do that!” she said, a little flustered. 
“Yeah! You could say—”
“That you made it in a flash?” she cut in.
“Ha-ha, hilarious,” he replied with an eyeroll, sitting on the chair near her small table. The apartment surprised him. She had more stuff than he did. Ornaments and miscellaneous what-have-you’s were strewn about the glass table, which sat in the cute, practical kitchen. Directly across from the kitchen and behind some loose furniture were windows which provided a decent view of the world outside.
“OK, jokes aside, I have to tell you something.”
Johnny crossed his arms and leaned on the table. “All ears.” She explained what had gone on only fifteen minutes earlier. “Well, it all started with this voice. It called me by my name.” Johnny felt his hair standing on end as she elaborated further. 
“Did it do anything else?” he asked.
“No, just that... I do remember he said I had a destiny, and he’s seen it.” 
“What?” 
“Yes, and he mentioned some stuff about my powers. He said they were sourced in something. I just can’t remember... I was totally freaked out.”
“You had a right to be. I would be too.”
She shook her head, trying her best to summon the memory. “I don’t know.”
Johnny gulped. His heart jackhammered in his chest. “What’s the thing you most remember?”
Jane pondered the question. What had stood out most? Then, she remembered.  “I... I remember its eyes.”
Gulping again, Johnny prodded further. “What do you mean? What about its eyes?”
They were burned into her memory, the devilish red that gleamed terror. “They were glowing red. But not a typical red. It’s like they were coming to get me. Like they spoke.”
Like they spoke, Johnny pondered. “That’s crazy.”
“Yeah, it was...” she tilted her head up to think of how to best explain it, “...otherworldly.” 
“Otherworldly? Don’t you think that’s a little, uh, over the top?” he replied. 
“I’ve just met you, but you have to admit that this entire day has been over the top. If this is day one, I d-don’t want to know what’s next.”
“You’re not wrong on that one.” After this, a peaceful silence entered the apartment. Johnny gazed at the opened window, his eyes far away. Deep down he felt that this was not the last they would see of Jane’s intruder. It might be the beginning of something. Something he was not sure he was prepared for.
“Well, that’s basically everything that went down,” she said. “Anything else?”
He glanced her way. For some odd reason, her expectant expression was very intimidating. “I think... well, whatever is in store, I’m excited for it.”
“Really? Your powers aren’t scary? You don’t feel different and cut-off?”
“I’ve only had them for a few hours, but I actually don’t feel that way. How can I? I see the world in a new light. And plus, it’s good to be different. Only people who think differently change the world.”
She nodded, eyes far away. “Those are wise words. Something my grandparents would say.”
“You loved them.”
“Yes. They treated me like I was their daughter—well, technically I was, just their granddaughter. I know a lot of people say this but they were one-in-a-million. We would go out to the movies together, picnics, or even just plain do nothing together. My favorite memories are those. We would all read our own books and not speak a word whatsoever. But it’s like we actually were speaking. Our minds were in touch with each other. It was so, so wonderful.”
Johnny grinned in understanding. “That sounds great, I’m sorry. I’m sorry life gave you a pretty shitty hand.”
This time, she looked him in the eyes. “Thank you. For everything.”
He smiled and the ambiance of the room transformed—and not in a bad way. In a way he had not felt since his high school years. “You don’t have to thank me. I never would have left you there by yourself. Well, to be honest, you probably would have knocked him to kingdom come anyway.”
She laughed, her dimples quite noticeable. “Didn’t we talk about this before? You still did it, so thanks.” 
Johnny quickly checked the time and reluctantly noted that it was very late. “I’m sorry, Jane, but I’m really tired. If you’re right, tomorrow looks like it will be another wild one.” Immediately she jumped up and headed over to the door. “Sorry, you’re right. I need to get to sleep too.”
He slipped his jacket back on. “In case something else happens, call me—or any of us—OK?” 
“OK.” She led him to the door and bid him goodbye. But he was in no rush to leave. 
In the doorway, he turned to face her again, face serious. “If anything happens, let me know.” She nodded twice. “Promise?” 
Her eyes went wide, caught off-guard by his use of the word. “I promise.” He gave a little smile before finally turning away.  
Closing the door and shutting off the light, she resumed her earlier activity—that being a much-needed sleep—though occasionally she opened her eyelids to check if any unwelcome intruder stood there malevolently.
If a guy in an alley and some dreadfully large intruder were going to be the sparks to turn her life around, so be it. 

* * *

Johnny Sparks walked to the hallway window to take in the scene the few variegated lights dipping the hallway of the apartment complex floor in dim colors. It lightly rained in the Big Apple, which now seemed a whole lot bigger.
You wanted to reach the stars. You wanted to go beyond them. Maybe you won’t be an astronaut, but you are special.
He tilted his gaze upward and made out a sprinkle of stars through the lights. In that moment, he lost himself in wonder. 
As he soaked in the beauty of the nightlife, his thoughts drifted to the future, but also, to the one who had mentioned it.
I am the future.
Those eerie words had struck a chord in him. He shook his head in the vacant hallway. “I am the future,” he repeated aloud, trying to make sense of it. Had this whole thing been staged? he wondered. It was possible. The aura the stranger gave off was unlike anything he had ever felt. The thought of it sent his mind into wild corners of science fiction.
Yet not even he could make his spine tingle. The figure Jane had described burned itself into his mind. All he could see were two crimson eyes staring straight back without remorse—always watching, always waiting. 
His thoughts continued to drift to the horizon. This day would go down in history. Whatever lingered on this new horizon he now walked towards, he was excited about it. 
CHAPTER 6
POWERS

Despite the deep sleep he had been blessed with that night, Ryan woke up shaking and sweating like a race horse early Saturday morning. His radio unforgivably played “Heroes” by David Bowie. Although it was one of his favorites, he didn’t like it blasting into his ear early on a Saturday morning.
As the Sun basked the room in golden light, his eyes popped open. He sat up on the side of the bed, contemplating the events of the night before. Across the way, he could hear his mother snoring into infinity. He exhaled, got up, and teetered to her room. Bethany Slade slept longer than bears in winter. 
He checked in the room to make sure everything looked all right. There lay Beth, snoring under the covers. A sliver of sunlight found its way through the window blinds, illuminating a single spot on her dresser. It caught his eye. The photograph.
Ryan gulped and tensed. In the photo stood a much younger Ryan, Bethany, and his father, Jerry. Stay calm, he directed his emotions, staring at the tiny picture frame from several feet away. He found himself lost in the past. 
He stood there longer than he should have. Releasing a breath, he closed the door without making a noise. Even then, though, he did not move, back leaning next to the door frame. “I love you, Dad,” he whispered, not knowing where to lay his eyes. “I always will.”    
With that, he walked back into his room and made the bed. The radio continued to blare the wonderful track. 
We can be heroes, just for one day.
Ryan gazed at it. “Hmm, good music.” When he looked at himself in the mirror, though, he was horrified. His usual large frame was replaced with a seven-foot-tall, metallic-colored body. The sheen even covered his face. “Ah!” he shrieked as he stumbled back, nearly into the wall. 
“H-H-Holy shit!” he yelped, afraid. Now powers would be added to his list of fears. Hopefully, though, the phobia would not last long. 
He shook profusely and could not stop. Why am I so freaked out, dammit? he thought. Receiving powers definitely rocked one’s world, but not this. 
He swore a string of expletives. His body felt much heavier and stronger. Stomping like the Hulk over to the phone, he dialed Johnny, who did not pick up. 
“Hi, you’ve reached Johnny Sparks. I’m sorry I couldn’t get to your call, but I’ll make sure to call you back as fast”—Ryan heard the emphasis on fast and held a deadpan expression— “as I can.” 
Typical. “Johnny! You got to pick up!” he squealed. “I think I’ve got my, uh, I-I think my powers are here! Pick up! I’m calling Dustin and Sam right now!” Ryan's voice sounded like a mixture of a knife-blade being sharpened and his usual deep-but-lively voice. 
He hung up the phone. “Argh, why does he never pick up?!” he said to himself. He hurriedly dialed Dustin, fumbling the cellphone in his fingers. Such a simple activity proved difficult since his hands were substantially larger than before. 

* * *

“Why don’t we have powers yet?” Dustin said to Sam. Both sat up in their twin beds early that same morning.
“How should I know? Maybe Johnny was the lucky one,” Sam replied, pushing his hands through the air as if waiting for the moment when something happens.
“Dude what are you doing?” Dustin asked, perplexed.
“Uh, what do you think?” he replied, as he put more effort into it.
“Well, you look really stupid,” chuckled Dustin. “It’s like you’re trying to ram imaginary buttons.”
“Whatever,” Sam sighed, standing up. “I’m going into the shower.”
Grabbing a towel and clothes, Sam ambled past the tiny kitchen and into the bathroom. As he turned the heat up and stepped in, the water soaked him and warmed his cool skin. “Ah, that’s good.” 
Only moments later, he felt the water begin to cool. He squinted up at the shower and turned the dial further into the heat section. Nevertheless, the water continued to cool and mist began to accumulate, turning frigid awfully quickly. 
“What the hell?” he said as he spun the dial to full heat, which, under normal circumstances, would make anyone scream. He cupped his hands and stepped out of the path of the shower. The water in his hands immediately froze solid. He froze too. 

* * *

In the kitchen, Dustin was frying eggs. Glancing over to the bathroom door, he raised his eyebrows at the extraordinary amount of water vapor escaping from the sliver on the underside. “Geez, the man likes hell I guess.” Then he heard a scream. “Shit!” he exclaimed, swiftly turning off the stove. As he ran toward the door, he slipped and fell... except he never fell. “Whoa crap!” he yelled as his feet went out from under him. 
Grimacing, he expected to feel the shock of his back landing on the floor. Realizing his body hadn't made contact with the ground and having an awareness of a strange sensation from his hands, he looked down to see that his hands had somehow prevented his inevitable collapse. “What the hell?” 
As he extended his arms farther out, he slowly pushed himself back to an upright position. “Holy crap,” he gasped. “I can control the air.” He examined the power rushing out of his hands like smoke from an exhaust pipe. A tsunami of goosebumps and shivers ran over him.
Shit, shit, shit, he fretted. I have powers! What do I do?
Hearing a smash, he ran straight to the bathroom door and opened it. Sam was right there.
“I have powers!” they both screamed in unison. 
“Whoa chill,” uttered Sam. “What’s yours?”
Dustin couldn't help but feel excited. “You go fir... what the heck why is it so damn cold?”
“That,” Sam acknowledged, “would be my powers.”
Dustin’s jaw dropped. “No way. Cold? Are you telling me that you’re Jack Frost?” 
“Uh, yes?”
“Well, that would also explain that hair of yours.”
“Wait, what?” Sam retorted.
“You might want to look in the mirror,” motioned Dustin.
Sam, with towels around his waist, stared into the mirror. “No!”
“Sorry man,” his twin replied. 
“I look like a grandpa! White? Why?!”
There was a ring at the door. Dustin turned to look. “It’s probably Mrs. Jankins.”
“Great.”
“Don’t worry, I got this covered.”
He sauntered over to the door and asked, “Who knocks on this fine morning?”
“Your neighbor, Dustin, your neighbor!” a perky voice called back.
Opening the door, Dustin saw a five-foot-tall old lady, wearing a nightgown that had clearly seen better days. “What’s all the ruckus? It’s not even eight yet!” 
“Oh, I’m sorry Mrs. Jankins, we were just” —he thought for a moment— “playing video games and, uh, trying to cook eggs.” He winced, internally kicking himself for how stupid an excuse that was.
“Well, how about I help you out?” she offered.
He laughed uneasily. “No, it’s fine! My grandmother taught me,” he said.
“Oh yeah? What’s that sound in there?” she asked, referring to the eye-popping noise of breaking ice. He stepped outside, closing the door behind him suspiciously quickly.
Dustin gulped. “We got a little, uh, pro—I mean, uh...” he stuttered, trying to think of more believable excuses. “I’m really sorry Mrs. Jankins, but my eggs are going to burn up. Don’t want to set my kitchen on fire, you know.”
“But—”
“Promise not to make any more noise!” he trilled as he opened and closed the door again swiftly. He exhaled in loud relief. 
“Kids these days,” she grumbled, as she turned and walked away. “So darn agitated.”
Sam stood in the tiled bathroom, his frosty persona having sent the temperature straight downhill. “Dusty, look at this,” he motioned. A mist seeped out of his palms, and it froze whatever it touched.
“Wow,” he marveled. “Hate to cut you off, but can I show you mine now?” 
“What? Oh yeah, yeah sure.”
“Prepare to be amazed,” Dustin said. “And do you feel goosebumps too? I always thought getting powers would be awesome—”
“I feel you man, this is so nuts,” Sam interrupted. “It’s like we’re literally living out a comic-book.” 
“All right, here goes nothing,” Dustin said. When he channeled the same energy he used previously, air discharged from his fingers and palms, pushing things out of the way—in this case, the conglomeration of stuff on the bathroom sink.
“That is awesome. But is that all you got? Moving some crap around doesn’t qualify as a power.”
“Oh yeah? Watch this.” With that, he channeled far more energy, resulting in Sam being pushed further and further back, his face subjected to the brute force of a hair dryer on steroids. “Awesome! This is literally crazy awesome! Now I know how Johnny felt.”
“Stop! Stop!” Sam implored, arms in front of him to shield himself. “Gosh, I get it. Don’t have to literally blow me into the bathtub.”
“And that’s, like, nowhere near all of what I can do,” Dustin replied. “I can feel it. It gives me focus. Makes me stronger.”
“OK, shut up Chancellor,” Sam retorted. Dustin never ceased spitting out Star Wars quotes and lines from the movies.
An idea popped into Sam’s mind. He chuckled in excitement. “Yo, blow a hard stream of air and let me freeze it.”
“I like the way you’re thinking, bro.” He thrust the air out and Sam let out a frozen cloud, which froze the air as it shot towards it, creating a spearhead of ice. 
“Whoa,” Sam said in awe. “This is so, so sick.”
“I’m gonna like working together from now on,” Dustin responded, trying to keep warm in the draft from the frigid bathroom.
“Stole the words right outta my mouth.”
Just then, the phone rang. Dustin ripped it out of his pocket. “It’s Ryan,” he said, with excitement. “You don’t think—” 
“Pick it up!” 
Ryan’s voice was a strained, rocky whisper. “Guys! Thank God! You picked up!” 
“Dude! We hear you! You won’t believe what’s happened!” they both relayed.
“Let me guess,” he responded. “You got your powers.”
They both glanced at each other confused. “And how on Earth would you know that?” Sam asked.
“Probably because I have mine! And I need you down here right now! I’ve called Johnny twice. The kid doesn’t answer!”
“We’re coming, dude.”
“I’ll check Johnny’s place,” Dustin notified. “Be back faster than Johnny.”
A few minutes later, though, Dustin returned. After more than a dozen bangs, slaps and “Johnny boy!” calls on his apartment door, the newly born speedster never answered.
As a result, Sam and Dustin rushed out in a breeze to go to Ryan’s house. All the way down the elevator, Dustin and Sam tested out their new powers.
It wasn’t until the doors opened that they stopped, as people walking inside commented that it was unbearably cold—an ironic statement coming from New Yorkers. 
Sam suspected that Johnny was probably running all over the city. “That kid is gonna get himself into serious trouble.”
Dustin chuckled in the middle of the apartment parking lot. “Kid probably already is in trouble.”
“What kind?” Sam jested. “I saw the way he was staring.”
“Oof,” Dustin snickered.
“What powers do you think Ryan has?”
“I don’t know,” Dustin replied. “Anything but controlling flowers, hopefully!”
“He looked legit mad when you said that.”
“What? It’s true. He’s hard on the outside, but if I was God and put him into a field of flowers, he would likely start dancing like a damsel.”
They piled into their car and headed over to Ryan’s house. Sam kept gassing it in order to arrive sooner, receiving quite a few middle-fingers from irate fellow drivers.

* * *

Behind the window shades, Ryan waited for them, since he didn’t want his mother to hear or see anything, at least, not yet. She was still sound asleep—evident by the unrelenting snores. As the brothers made their way to the front door, he opened it and motioned for them to stay quiet.
“Whoa, Ryan, is that you?!” Sam whispered.
“Yes, it’s me,” the deep, scratchy voice intoned. “Just move along.”
“What are you? Metal-Hulk?” Dustin joked. “Totally fitting, though.” As Ryan quietly shut the door behind them, there was Johnny—just standing there. 
“Yeah, I forgot to call you, but forget that,” Ryan said. “Let me explain.” 
“Yo! Johnny, how have you been?” Sam asked, his tone light. Johnny and the brothers shook each other’s hands in their own special fashion. The ‘Ultrafist’ as they termed it, consisted of a vertical fist-bump in both directions, succeeded by a backhanded high-five and then a normal one. 
“OK, I woke up and I could do this,” Ryan began. Clenching his fists, he shrank back into human form—the metallic color fading along with the enormous physical size. Then he clutched the frame of his bed and held tight. Within seconds, his body transformed again—hard as a rock and bulky—not to mention seven feet tall. “Check this out,” he motioned, his voice now gruff and deep. “Oh, and I was frickin’ scared when this happened.”
“Of course, what do you expect?” Dustin jested. 
“Ya, it’s supposed to be life-changing,” Sam finished. “And we were too.”
“OK good, for a second there, I thought I was tripping.”
Johnny looked over at them and nodded. “You better watch this.”
Moving over to his bed, Ryan picked the whole thing up with ease on only one hand. It creaked and threatened to break.
The brothers jerked back, amazed. Ryan was blessed with an ability that corresponded to, and fit, his personality and bodily frame—which resembled the stern of a ship.
“Crazy, right?” Johnny said to the brothers, who were stunned into silence.
“Just wait until Rose finds out,” Ryan said. “It’s gonna be lit.”
At last, Sam gulped. “That is... insane!”
“I know, right?” Ryan exclaimed, his self-confidence shooting up a mile. 
Jaw hanging open, Dustin remained stationary. He cleared his throat. “So, you’re... Superman now? Or Hulk? Or—Or—Or Juggernaut?!”
“I don’t read comics much, so I wouldn’t know,” Ryan replied, smiling wide. “But I guess the answer to that is, yes.”
“Yo, don’t smile,” Dustin responded. “Your face looks butt ugly right now.”
“That bad, huh?” Ryan replied. Without much effort, he laid the bed back down on the wooden floor.
Sam nodded. “Yeah man.”
“Eh, still awesome, though.”
“That’s the understatement of the century,” Dustin replied. “Like, are you kidding me? I want to see more of what you can do!”
“It’s so bizarre,” Johnny cut in. “We all seem to have superhuman abilities that match our personalities. Like, if someone came from the future and told teenage me that Sam would have ice powers, I would’ve believed him.”
“Agreed,” Ryan nodded. 
“I concur,” Dustin added. “You do have a good point.”
“So, wait, what is it?” Sam said. “Absorption? Is that what it’s called?” 
“Yeah, I think so,” Johnny replied, nodding. “Look at you! Sam Jones, superpower physicist!”
Sam shook his head slightly, a frown creeping onto his face. “Uh, not funny.”
Per the usual, Dustin snickered. “Yeah it was. And I have to say, Ryan, your voice is so, uh, rocky.”
“More like choking on charcoal,” Sam replied.
“Wait, say that again,” Ryan replied. 
“Which part? Dustin replied. “Rocky?”
Ryan smirked. “I really, really dig that name.”
“Name?” Sam repeated, puzzled.
“No, just no,” Dustin replied. “That will not be your nickname now.”
“I gotta admit,” Johnny chimed in, “I think that suits you.”
“See? Even Johnny digs it,” Ryan replied, pointing to him. “And we all know how much of a killjoy he is.”
“Not wrong,” Johnny chuckled.
“Can I touch you?” Sam asked. 
“Oh yeah, yeah sure,” Ryan agreed.
Both Sam and Dustin placed their fingers on his chest. “Holy crap, you’re like iron!” Sam exclaimed.
“Hold up, you're telling me you’re a walking bed?” Dustin said. “How does that even work? Unfortunately I sucked at physics.”
Sam interrupted them by showing off his new abilities. Immediately his hair shifted to white, and the air surrounding him chilled. 
“Whoa, sick! Is that... ice?” Johnny goggled, flabbergasted.
“I know, right? So cool.”
“Seriously?”
“What? Puns are dope!”
“Sick flow,” Ryan praised, referring to Sam’s snow-like hair. 
“Thanks, although I kind of disagree on that one.”
Dustin followed with his own display, blowing Johnny straight onto the floor. There was a regrettably loud bang. 
“Was that necessary?” Johnny grumbled. 
“My apologies,” Dustin responded, “but it was.”
“Wait, so you got wind? Or air?” Ryan remarked. “Wow, that’s basically OP.”
“You think so?” he asked.
“Yeah, because you’re passing gas and air all the time!” Ryan finished. Everyone laughed at that one.
“You’re not the one for intentional jokes but dang,” Dustin said, “that was beautiful. Well done, my apprentice.”
“Thank you, Master,” Ryan answered.
A big smile found its way onto Dustin’s face. “And it’s such a breeze to learn.”
They all chuckled and groaned. “That was hella cringy,” Ryan retorted.
“Do it again, though,” Johnny demanded. “Please. But, not on me.”
“All right, here goes. Throw that pillow.” 
Ryan threw a bed pillow at Dustin, who deflected the attack by thrusting the pillow into the direction from which it came. The supercharged air propelled the soft cushion straight into Ryan’s face. 
“Bingo!” Dustin cheered. 
“Nice shot!” Johnny praised. 
“Dope,” Ryan agreed. “So dope.”
Now it was Sam’s turn again, to amaze himself and the others. “Johnny, fill up Ryan’s cup.”
“Got it.” Johnny zoomed into the bathroom and back. “Here.”
Concentrating the frosty blast, Sam froze the plastic cup and the H2O inside. Sam took hold of it and flipped it over. When he did so, the frozen piece of ice—molded into the shape of the cup—dropped out. 
“Holy crap!” Ryan whispered. 
“That was... so cool,” Johnny added. “You do have cold powers. Remarkable.”
“Yeah, and check this out,” Dustin motioned. He blew a fierce shot of air, which Sam froze into a spire, suitable as a lethal weapon.
“We’re stacked!” Johnny exclaimed. “I got speed, Ryan has absorption, you got air or whatever, Sam has cold abilities, and Jane has telekinesis.” 
Ryan snickered. “Agreed, so Sam is Elsa, and Dustin is, uh, a wind turbine?”
“Jack Frost! Not Elsa you idiot!”
“Really? A wind turbine?” Dustin objected, unimpressed.
Johnny chuckled, his smile refusing to leave. These were the best friends anyone could ask for. And now, together, they would begin a new journey. 

* * *

There was silence in only one part of the ship—the throne room. As a giant entity viewed the grand expanse of the universe from his transparent chamber, a dark-clad, fully-armored figure complete with an opaque helmet trudged in and bowed. “My lord,” he started, “did it work?” 
The entity shifted its weight and pivoted, its radiant, crimson eyes piercing even from a distance. “Rise.” 
The servant rose and ambled closer. “Is her interest piqued?” 
“Temporarily. I trust you to ensure the breach is ready for her. You must not fail, Solis,” it spoke, voice unlike any other. “And lastly, send a scout there. He must control the trap.”
“Yes, my lord. You will not be disappointed, Titan.”
“Many years have passed, my Solis,” Titan said. “We have journeyed far and explored the universe, bringing justice everywhere. But this is one of the most important missions yet. You must be ready.”
“I have never failed you, my lord,” Solis replied. He strode out, feet clanking on the polished, mirror-like floor.
The being returned to his prior stance, hands locked together elegantly behind his back, a scowl pasted on his bald head. He could never tire of a simple gaze into the ever-expanding universe, wondering where he could be. 
“Oh, Sonovan, you could never understand my machinations,” he whispered to himself, the only one left in the room.

CHAPTER 7

A MEETING


A full day had elapsed, and Jane and Rose had been shown the new and incredible powers Ryan, Sam, and Dustin were bestowed. As Ryan predicted, it was 'lit.’
Johnny, wearing a black jacket and jeans, knocked on Sam and Dustin’s apartment door. He heard a few angry expletives, and felt momentarily shocked, then not. It was undoubtedly Dustin’s reaction to getting destroyed in some dumb video game. “Yo Sam, you in there?”
In an answer, Sam opened the door quickly. “Oh hey, what’s up?” he responded. 
Johnny raised his eyebrow. “Uh, don’t you remember we’re meeting the other two? Like, soon?”
Sam furrowed his brow, checking his watch. “Shit!” He slammed the door in Johnny’s face. 
Bruh, Johnny thought. But at least the foul language had ceased.
Within a few minutes, out stepped the brothers. Sam wore white pants and a bright blue dress jacket. His hair, per the usual, was styled perfectly. Show off, Johnny thought. Of course, Dustin did not model himself after Sam. Instead, he donned simple sweat pants and a hoodie. 
“Let’s get it,” Sam said. His tone dripping in mischief. 
“Wearing that?” Johnny replied. “Dude, this isn’t a date.” 
Sam smirked. “Yeah it is. It’s a date with destiny.”
Dustin chuckled, facing Sam. “He does not know the way. He is uncultured.”
Johnny frowned, face scrunched up in a tangle of different emotions. He shook his head in dismissal. “I’ll just ignore that,” he said. “Come on.” 
“Lead the way, sire,” Dustin implored. 
Again, Johnny shook his head, leading the way to the elevator. “So, how have your powers been working?” 
“Like a breeze,” Dustin said. “What about yours, speed demon?”
“It’s been pretty mind-blowing, that’s all I can say,” he responded. 
“Mine’s been cool,” Sam added. 
“That really necessary?” Dustin shot back just as the elevator opened. Surprisingly, there were Rose and Jane. 
“Uh, this is a surprise,” Johnny said.
“To be sure,” Dustin added.
“But a welcome one,” Sam finished. Dustin turned his face to prevent an explosion of laughter. “That was way too perfect,” Sam joked. 
“Palpatine would be proud,” Dustin replied, holding it in.
“Did you just get here?” Johnny asked the duo in the elevator. 
“Yep,” Rose answered. “Ryan’s downstairs, ‘morbids.’” 
Dustin smirked at the word choice. With that, the trio of morbids entered the elevator and descended towards the ground. “Morbids” was a word the brothers defined themselves as. It had obviously nothing to do with the literal meaning, but they also felt it sounded funny.
The party set off to Kevin’s mansion, where Rose claimed he spent his days helping the government and developing new cyber-defense technology. 
Despite the monthly conversations he had with his parents, who implored him to find a different hobby and to act like the 'normal kids,’ Kevin Moon had always been fascinated with computer technology. He received a doctorate in ethical hacking and another one in cybersecurity. 
After passing through the guarded gate, the two cars stopped in the large parking area. Rose knocked on the door, rang the bell twice, and stepped back. “Just remember, don’t stare,” she warned.
Visibly confused, Sam asked, “At what?” 
Her response was quick and blunt. “Any of it.”
A head popped into view through the side window. The eyes widened and the door opened at once. Swinging it open like a maniac, an average-sized man stepped onto the front door step for all to inspect. His black hair hid his ears and had been arranged on his pale-skinned head in a messy congregation of sorts. Additionally, Kevin wore a dark cotton hoodie, which, judging by Rose's report of his parents’ status and funds, was likely worth in excess of several hundred dollars. To complete the look, a pair of thin spectacles rested on his nose. 
“Rose! It-It’s nice t-to see you!” he stuttered, darting glances at the others from the corner of his eyes. “Since when did y-you get such t-tall friends?”
“It’s kind of a freak accident,” she replied, nodding in greeting.
“Am I q-qualified to be brought up to speed?”
“It’s why we’re here,” Johnny interjected. 
“And you are?” 
“Johnny Sparks. These are my buddies,” pointing to Dustin, Sam, and Ryan, who shook his hand. 
“Your man, Ryan Slade.”
“Dustin Jones.”
“I’m Sam, this guy’s bro.”
“Nice to meet you a— oh I don’t t-t-think we met yet!” Kevin exclaimed, looking at Jane. “Who m-might you be?
“Jane,” she greeted him. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“Pleasure’s all mine,” he responded quickly. Turning around in one motion, he welcomed them in. “Welcome to my humble ab-abode.” The huge entrance to the house was randomly littered with a variety of technology, including an Xbox. Evidently, he sparsely, if at all, had visitors apart from his parents, who, despite their sixty and fifty-five years respectively, still went out to work. 
As they walked through the place, they ogled at the affluence of equipment Kevin owned. “Rose has told us a lot about you,” Johnny said, feeling a tad out of his element. He never thought he would be in a rich man’s home—no—mansion. 
“Let’s hope n-not everything.”
“Trust me, it wasn’t everything,” Rose said.
“Oh, g-good. Kevin came to a stop in his basement, where the majority of his technology lay scattered around like snacks. “This is a blue light overload,” Dustin said. 
Uneasily, Kevin chuckled. “So, what d-do you n-need?” 
“Information on Montauk,” Johnny answered. “I hear your mom worked in the government. Would that entail you knowing anything about it?”
“What are you, c-conspiracy theorists? T-That stuff is basically a myth.” Kevin pulled out a few small boxes lined with files. The group, except for Rose, watched doubtfully. For nearly three minutes, Kevin simply ignored their presence. 
Ryan glanced at Rose, slightly frowning. “Uh, are you s—"
“Yes,” she replied before he could finish. 
The awkward silence returned. Johnny rubbed the back of his neck. “So... like I said, your mom worked for them. Do you know anything?” 
“Yep, Mom worked for the Feds,” he responded, continually nodding his head as he sorted through files. 
“So that means you can help us?” 
“Indeed, it does! Well, l-likely won’t. Just g-g-give me one second.” 
Sam turned to Rose and whispered, “You sure this guy can help?” 
“Look, buddy, as she p-probably told you, I’ve helped her with a l-load of stuff.” Ryan winced at the unrelenting stutter.
Rose appeared nervous. “Yeah, you know. The, um, the project kind.”
Kevin stood up from his chair and motioned for Rose to come closer. “You haven’t told them?” he whispered. 
“I don’t think it’s the right time! It’s too early!” 
“Well, in my opinion, keep it that way. It’ll be b-better for both of our lives.”
“Hey, hate to interrupt, but we are literally right here,” Ryan cut in. “What are you guys even saying, huh?”
Kevin poked his finger in the air and opened his mouth to speak, but the ping of a text message interrupted him. “Of course, Dad has to text n-now.” Taking out his phone, his eyes scanned the number. To his shock, it was not from his father, or any of his other relatives, for that matter. “What the hell?” he uttered, furrowing his brow in concern. 
“What?” Johnny and Ryan both asked at the same time. Rose leaned in. The message read, “Prepare.” It was from an unknown number, who – Kevin insisted – could only have hacked into his own personal server. Johnny shot a glance at Jane, who appeared worried.  
“Let me guess,” Sam spoke up. 
“Mysterio?” Dustin added, finishing his brother’s sentence. 
Kevin and the others turned their heads to look at them. “Mysterio?” Johnny asked, confused.  
“Yeah, Mysterio? Who’s that?” Ryan added.
“More importantly, w-what the hell are you talking a-about?” Kevin interjected.
Dustin facepalmed himself. “You know, Mr. ‘I need a lighter’?” he explained, making quotations with his fingers.
“W-Who?” Kevin asked.
“Oh. We’ve got a lot to tell you,” sighed Johnny.
“Please start.”
So, he did. Johnny explained everything, with occasional elaboration from the others. Kevin’s face gradually grew elated with every passing minute of their account. 
Johnny raced around Kevin with such ferocity his glasses flew away. Sam froze Kevin’s soda can and Dustin shoved the can off the computer table with a quick blast of air. Jane lifted a chair—like a witch—for Ryan to grab with one arm. For several seconds, Ryan held the chair aloft, his body bulked, and then he carefully placed it down and returned to normalcy. 
It was so much to take in, that Kevin was stunned, his jaw dropping to the floor. Once he finally picked it up, he spoke. “Wow, I h-have n-no words. That was simply, uh, gratifying.” 
“It’s been a hectic twenty-four hours,” Jane responded. 
“What she said,” Dustin added.
“I have no d-doubt,” Kevin replied. “I am going to be an e-excessively busy man.”
On the way up the stairs to find some files about Montauk Laboratory, the place subject to so much conspiracy, Kevin asked again about 'Mysterio.’ “So, you’re saying this dude asks for a lighter, and like five m-minutes later you get powers?” 
“Yeah, that’s accurate,” Johnny concurred.
“W-What did he look like?”
“Well, when I met Jane, he wore some kind of mask.”
“Really? And it connected to his face?”
“Yeah.”
“And it came off? How?”
“I don’t know how to explain it. It was as if—”
“It turned off,” Jane cut in, finishing his sentence. 
The words got Johnny’s attention. “Yeah, that’s a good way of describing it.”
“Hmm, s-sounds like a variant of facial tech, which doesn’t actually exist yet.”
“What are you saying?”
“I-I’m saying that your friend has access to u-undeveloped equipment, or...” he replied as his voice trailed off in thought.
“Or what?” Ryan asked.
“Or... yeah, that’s u-unviable. I don’t know.”
Once they reached the top, Rose stepped in front of everyone. “I need to tell you all something.” She had been oddly silent throughout. “You deserve to know, especially since we will probably be working very closely from now on.” The others, except for Kevin, leaned forward in their chairs and centered their attention on her. “I have powers too.”
“What?!” exclaimed Johnny, Dustin and Sam.
“You saying that you’re, uh, like us?” Ryan questioned.
“I am, but it’s different. Yours were acquired, mine... were not.” 
“How’s that possible?”
“I’m not what you think I am,” she replied, eyes down. “I’m not from this planet, I’m not even from this solar system. An alien.”
Bewilderment saturated the air. Rose tried to come up with a solid following statement. “I come from a world far from Earth. I was sent here when I was very young, not even two weeks old. My real parents provided me with manuscripts about our planet inside the ship. It’s the only reason I know where I come from and how I can do this.” She raised her hands and they emitted fire—pure, oxygen-rich fire. “They knew I could never decipher their language, so they used pictures and a certain holographic sphere. The sphere chronicled and portrayed my civilization’s entire history. But it only lasted three viewings before self-destructing.”
They were all simultaneously astonished and anxious. Well, that finally explains those red irises of hers, Ryan realized. 
Kevin spoke up to ease the bomb Rose had dropped. “It a-appears that her powers come from some e-energy—it emanates from her body, but it is imperceptible. I call it dark energy since that sounds cool. And no, it h-has nothing to do with real d-dark energy. It’s possible her species is simply born with this energy inside them.”
She played with her fire, leading it back and forth like a match, and then cut it out with a breath. “My ship crashed. It was obliterated, but my capsule wasn’t. My foster father found me at his doorstep sometime later. How I got there remains a mystery. Out of the kindness of his heart, he decided to raise me.”
“So all that stuff about your mother dying and your father not talking about it wasn’t true?” Ryan replied.
“Holy sh—” Sam cut in, amazed.
“That’s a lot to take in,” Johnny interrupted.
“What happened to your planet?” Ryan asked.
She paused. “I don’t know.” They couldn't know that. But since she had learned much from the historical orb she had been provided, that was a lie.

CHAPTER 8
FORGOTTEN MEMORIES

“Get her in the capsule!” Ta-Vir shouted. He glanced back, motioning for his wife to come closer. Facing a white, rectangular object about seven feet in height, he pressed a green button, which engaged the device to scan his reddish-skinned body, starting with the eyes. He wore multiple garments and a long, cloak-like top that reached to the floor.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” his wife, Kira, replied. She too was dressed the same. 
Sirens resounded across the land—the forests, the mountains, the cities. Nothing was safe. It was not the apocalypse. It was an invasion.
“We do not have a choice, my love,” he answered. “There is no hope for her in this doomed place. He will take her. Like he did all the others.”
“What if the ship never reaches the planet?” 
“It will.” Ta-Vir prepared the drive and within the hour they had bid their goodbyes. Their child departed off to another world, far from theirs. Ta-Vir embraced Kira as the ship launched, the boosters slowly lifting the craft upward until it blasted out of sight. 
Moments later, their citadel was compromised. A soldier identifying himself as ‘Solis’ smashed their door and it flew across the house as he strode in. He wore dark armor and an opaque helmet—his face unseen. The integrated system inside his outfit altered his voice and tone into something almost monotone.
“His greatness, the Endless Creator, the Titan, has arrived. Bow and be grateful your worthless souls have been graced by his presence.” Solis bowed as the ground shook. The vibration reverberated closer with every passing second. Then he came into view: Titan, outfitted in wide, dark-blue armor, arms crossed behind him, stomped over to Ta-Vir and Kira. Two wires were attached near the base of his spine, zigzagging up into the back of his head, where they were fused. Legend said they weren't even necessary, and only served to amplify his already-immense telepathic and telekinetic power.
“Ta-Vir, did you really believe you could out-think me?” he questioned, scowling at the couple through his devilish red eyes. He loomed over Kira and Ta-Vir, far larger than either.
“I fail to understand,” responded Ta-Vir, fingers nervously arranging his short beard as he looked up at the monstrosity of Titan. 
“Your daughter, Ta-Vir. Why have you done this?”
“We have done nothing but attempt to save our daughter’s life!”
“Foolish and naive choice of words, Governor. I have had a vision. Your daughter is far more powerful than the other females here. In her genes is a mutation with a connection to the Shadowverse. She will become a formidable opponent. And, under the wrong master, an enemy.”
Kira looked up at the famed ruler of worlds. “She is already deep in the darkness of space. You will never get to her, you maniac! I have seen the truth about you.”
Titan feigned hurt. “Oh, why must you be so malicious? I was not resurrected to be labeled a maniac.”
“You were insane before Sonovan Lung killed you. You are insane even now.”
Titan flinched. Hatred was the mildest word possible to describe how he felt about Sonovan Lung. “I want so badly to kill you now, and I intend to. But before your pathetic life passes away like the grass, and your breath returns to the dust from which you came, you will tell me where you sent her,” he spat.
Ta-Vir drew a knife. “My love, this is why I didn’t want you to know where.” He raised the knife to his own throat, but Titan utilized his telekinetic ability and stopped him in action. Ta-Vir’s hand, gripping the knife, halted in mid-air. 
“You would resort to suicide rather than transmit a simple bit of information?” Titan tilted his head, amused yet impressed at Ta-Vir’s devotion to his family. Truthfully, he had always respected Ta-Vir as one of the very few brutally honest and ingenuous politicians out there. Nevertheless, if Ta-Vir changed, he would be prepared to do what was necessary, even if it meant death. The only thing Titan could rely on anymore was his own pureness, for it remained ever unchanged. 
“For my family, anything.” Solis held Kira back as she struggled. Titan shot a glare at her. 
“What a beautiful wife you have, Ta-Vir. It would be a tragedy if she were killed, would it not?” Titan sneered. “What did you say again? Family? Yes, it is your weakness.”
Ta-Vir held fast from speaking. The situation became a game of silence. Titan grew impatient. “Typical. I have to do everything myself. Solis, step back.”
“What are you doing?”
“What I said I would. Information, or she dies.” 
“Don’t listen to him!” Kira screamed.
“I love you Kira, do you understand me? I will always love you!”
“So be it.” There was an ear-piercing, dreadful snap. The next thing Ta-Vir saw was his wife, falling in slow motion to the ground. Her lifeless body crashed to the floor.
“No! Kira!” he screamed in agony. He attempted to run to her body, but Titan held him in his place with merely a thought. 
“What happened to you? The rules were straightforward, Ta-Vir. It would have been so simple, but you instead chose the arduous route.”
Ta-Vir ignored him. “Someone will come along like how he and his Shadows did. To follow in their footsteps... someone powerful. In that day, think of me, Titan. I will be there to send you off to your grave, once again. Your name will be forgotten and mocked.”
“No Ta-Vir, it is you who will be mocked. Your daughter will never remember the sacrifice you made for her. She will not remember any of it, but I will help her. With my aid, she will relive every snap of your wife’s neck. She cannot escape destiny, just like how you cannot escape your fate today.”
“Not if I have anything to say about it,” Ta-Vir countered. 
“Oh, I should be afraid,” Titan retorted, amused. “I will do it myself.” He approached Ta-Vir and picked him up by the neck. The crimson eyes of Titan bore into him. Ta-Vir sensed his mind slipping away. “Sometimes the original method is the best,” Titan rumbled.
But out of nowhere, Solis’s automated blaster turned on. It focused right on Ta-Vir, held high by Titan’s massive arm. “Titan, may I remind you? You just ambushed the house of a multifaceted man. Yes, I am a politician. But you know what else I am? A hacker.”
Upstairs, a friend of Ta-Vir—Qora—used his system, comprised of four holographic monitors, to hack the blaster. His fingers contacted the screens in a flurry. “That,” Qora said, “and that. Done!” He quickly abandoned the house, rushing through a secret exit only he and Ta-Vir knew.
“Say hello to Sonovan for me,” Ta-Vir retorted triumphantly, taking one last look at Kira's fallen form. “If I have to die, it won’t be on your terms. It’ll be on mine.”
Titan looked behind him. As he did, the blaster fired, killing Ta-Vir instantly. “No!” Titan roared. “No!” 

* * *

Ta-Vir’s ship crashed in the Sahara Desert, someone already waiting there for it. This someone rescued something from the wreckage. He made his way through the fiery inferno, thankful that her capsule was unaffected by the crash. 
“There there, Adia,” he comforted, harvesting her as if she were Moses from the rushes. The baby clearly had no clue as to what had transpired, for she had been asleep the entire trip. 
Two days later, she was dropped off at the home of Henry Johnson. A single man in his mid-thirties, he planned on never marrying. He heard a triple-knock and ran to the door of his small, yet practical, home.
“Hello?” He peeked through the eyehole. No one there.
Unlocking the door, he found a deep gray capsule with a quiet, sleeping baby nestled inside. His eyes widened. He stepped out to look around. Fearing someone would take her, he picked up the capsule with the baby inside and rushed into the house. The rest is history.

* * *

For some reason, Rose hesitated, not wanting to disclose that something had visited her at night while she slept. 
“Do you know how groundbreaking this is? Humanity has been searching for evidence of life in exoplanets for the last century!” exclaimed Johnny, who appeared a chunk too exuberant for an adult.
“Yes, Johnny, we understand,” responded Sam. “We all went to that class.”
“Don’t worry Rose,” Ryan replied. “You are safe with us.”
She shot a glance at him. “Really? I’ll be safe? Are you seriously going there?”
“Going where? What? I did say us, you know. I wasn’t being, uh, flirty.”
Sam facepalmed himself. He whispered to Dustin. “Y’know, I would normally help him, but this is kinda funny watching him shoot for this one.”
“Hit the nail on the head bro.”
Kevin’s head swung between Ryan and Rose. “You know, my parents have another place outside of town. I-It’s got some g-good space! I spend my summers there. Behind it, there is a nice, big field. T-T-Think it’s a good place to train?”
“Train?” Jane asked. 
“Train?” added Ryan.
“Train?!” Dustin and Sam both exclaimed.
“Yeah, ever done it before?”
Johnny rolled his eyes. “Psh... of course we have. Dustin, Sam, Ryan, and I work at a martial arts studio.”
Kevin was elated again, as if a Christmas present had been gifted to him. “H-How perfect! Who knew! This is going to be easier than I t-thought!”
Exactly, Johnny internally agreed. It’s too perfect.
“Yeah, well hate to break it to you, but I know nothing,” Rose spoke. “And by my calculation, I don’t think Jane does either.” She turned to look at Jane. “Do you?”
“Definitely not,” replied Jane.
“Yeah, so...” her voice trailed off, frowning.
“Uh, that’s why we are here,” Ryan answered, grinning mischievously. “Obviously.”
“Duh,” mimicked Dustin.
Again, Rose did not respond, impressed this time. Johnny took the reins of the conversation. “It won’t be hard. We’ll get you into it.”
“Yeah, you’ll be great before you know it!” Dustin added.
“You’ll do great,” Johnny said to Jane. “With our help, in a few weeks, you’ll be a formidable foe.” Jane laughed. “So that’s a yes?”
“Aye.”
Johnny turned back to Kevin, who trembled with anticipation. “We will do it.”

* * *

Later that night, Rose returned home. Her father was on a kitchen chair, reading a newspaper. He shifted his gaze from the newspaper to his daughter when she closed the door behind her. 
“I take it you had an enjoyable time?” he asked. Rose could not keep the smile off her face all the way home. She took her car this time, just so the opportunity did not present itself for Ryan to play escort. 
“Dad, you won’t believe what happened!” she exclaimed, full of glee. She had not expected the group to accept her like they had.
Henry took off his glasses and motioned for her to sit on the chair next to him. “Please! Tell your father!” 
An hour elapsed while Rose retold the events of the day. For the first time in a while, she was animated throughout, explaining everything with vivid description. 
“Your life seems to be reaching new heights, and I share in your joy, Rose,” he finally said once she had quietened down. “But you must remember this: Never lose your control. The anger must never overpower the good. Never.”
“I know, Dad.” In her mind, she remembered the time when it had.

* * *

It was a blue-sky day in Williamsburg, Pennsylvania. A fourteen-year-old Rose was walking home from school. On the way, she passed a group of bullies who hated her for all the wrong reasons. They hated her because she was different—apart from them, with zero friends. Her red hair, long since birth, proved her difference.
“Hey Rose! Still a little wiener who never talks to anybody? Like seriously girl. You are a loner. Loner genes run in the family, y’know?” Jennifer heckled, trying to elicit a response. At this point, Rose was sick of it. 
As she scowled and glared at Jennifer and her friends, her eyes only saw prey. This very moment was the culmination of seven months of hatred. It had festered inside her like a cancer. 
Stepping up to the plate life gave her, she backhanded one of the four, disabling him instantly. The other boy threw a big hook punch, but she dodged it elegantly and punched him right below the nose, following the attack with a thrust kick to his solar plexus. 
Another came at her, this time a girl, from behind. Only a simple, fiery slap on her chest sent her into the air. Then she turned to Jennifer, eyes blazing. It was a foreshadowing, really. Rose truly was formidable. She held up Jennifer and pinned her to the wall, hand clasped around her neck. 
“I-I’m sorry! I was only joking! We were only messing around! Please... please don’t.”
“Maybe it would be better if you weren’t around!” Rose screamed in reply, eyes ablaze with fury while Jennifer’s cohorts whimpered in pain on the ground around them. Her hands were smoking at this point, singeing Jennifer’s neck. “How does it feel?!” 
“Rosebud!” a voice screamed through the air. It was her foster father, Henry. He had heard the noise from across the street. “Honey, please. Put her down.” 
After a dreadful minute Rose took to only savor Jennifer’s pain, she reluctantly let go, allowing Jennifer to fall to the ground, shocked and scared. 
The walk home was silent before Rose broke out, “They deserved it!”
He looked at her with a warm and caring look. “I know they did, and I am glad you taught her a lesson she will never forget. But,” he looked at her with his arm on her shoulder, “do you feel any better?”
“I don’t know.”
When they got inside, her father hugged her. But then he took a serious tone.
“Listen. You can never do that ever again. If you do, they will report you. If you do, the government will take you away from me and I might have a bleak fate. You need to promise. You need to promise me that you will never ever use these gifts again. It will only make our lives terrible.” 
“I’m sorry, Dad. I won’t do it again.” 
“You promise?” he asked again as he put out his pinkie finger.
“Promise,” she agreed, joining it with hers.
Months would pass, the seasons would come and go, but Rose had made a name for herself that no effort from herself or Henry could shake. One year later, Henry and Rose were forced to move out. Whispers abounded that Rose was not human, rather a witch with supernatural powers. 

* * *

Her eyes returned from somewhere a thousand miles away. “I know, Dad. You taught me that.”
“I love you, Rose.”
“I love you too, Dad. Good night.” She kissed his forehead and went into her bedroom and changed into her pajamas. Considering the events of the day, it was a miracle she fell asleep. Despite this, in her sleep she sensed a presence in the room. An unwelcome one.
That night her dreams were composed of only one thing—an overhead view of Camp Hero, New York. She dreamt of black figures, shadows in the forest surrounding the former Montauk Laboratory and Camp Hero.
Following these nightmares, like a never-ending rainstorm, her mind pictured a small sphere rising out of the ground. Out of it came creatures—creatures so ugly and ferocious she sweated in fear. They poured out—swarmed—and they were coming for her. 
Through the chaos, the sphere birthed something new: two red eyes. His full body came into view—in all its glory—followed by thousands of foot soldiers. And he was coming for her.
CHAPTER 9
THE TRAP


Two weeks later—weeks that the friends spent living their very best comic-book fantasies—Johnny woke up to a knock on his apartment door. He sped to the door and peeked through the hole. No one. On opening the door, he found a gray case at his feet. His eyes scanned the hallway in both directions, but he could not spot a soul. 
As he examined the case, the top popped open and Johnny gaped. “Whoa,” he marveled, well-nigh drooling. Inside was a partially armored outfit. The suit design was a dark blue color, with white serrated edges, resembling a knife. The zig-zag design intersected on his chest and wrapped around the suit in a diagonal arrangement, tracing down to his feet. 
To complete the look, someone had equipped the suit with blue-tinted, shaded goggles with sharp edges, which attached to his face through a connector on each side. It exposed the top of his head, allowing his dirty-blonde hair to flow free. The case included a navy-blue face mask, which covered his features up to the blue-tinted shades.
A small note attached to the read, “You’ll need it.”  He closed the case and rushed back inside. Placing it on the bed, he undressed with childish excitement. 
As he reopened it, he spotted something he hadn’t noticed—a note taped on the side. It read: “Figured you would need this too.” Someone signed it with “-Z.” 
“Z?” Johnny said to himself.
In a flash, Johnny donned the thick suit, and was a little disappointed to find it extremely loose-fitting. Examining the outfit more carefully, he identified a minuscule yellow button placed on his left shoulder. Once pressed, the entire apparatus sucked every iota of air out, permitting the thick suit to envelop the wearer like a glove. 
“Oh yeah, I could get used to this,” Johnny admired the effect in the mirror. Despite the hour, he picked up his phone and dialed Ryan’s number. 
The ring sounded for two seconds before Ryan answered. “Johnny, do you happen to have a sick outfit at your door?”
Johnny hesitated. “You too?”
“And did you happen to have it signed by a guy who calls himself ‘Z’?”
“I’m coming over dude.”
“We thought you were still asleep! Dustin and Sam are already here!”
“Here? Where?”
“At Kevin’s place.”
“You’re all the way over there? Seriously? I’ve got to call Jane.”
“Hear that guys? He’s got to—”
Johnny hung up the phone before he could finish. 
Blasting off like a missile, Johnny speedily slipped through several miles of urban terrain before arriving at Jane’s apartment door and knocking. The suit felt incredible. The air slipped past its aerodynamic construction beautifully. 
“Come in Johnny!” called Jane from somewhere in the apartment. He deduced that she had heard him race up to the door. 
He opened it. “Jane! Did you get a box with a s... holy crap that looks amazing on you.”
She grinned. “I will take that as a compliment.”
“I mean, that’s, uh, that’s great!” he stammered.
“Thanks.”
“Uh...”
“I can see you received a little gift as well!”
“Huh?”
“The suit.”
“Oh. Yeah. That.” Her outfit was comprised of a thick protective layer underneath its dark blue exterior.  No extra patterns or colors were a component of the exterior. Only a small white button affixed onto her left shoulder—akin to his. In fact, Z had gifted her a mask exactly the same as his, except that it was deep gray. 
Jane turned to the case. “I found it with this.” She pointed to the taped label, which also read the same as the box he had found on his doorstep.
Furrowing his brow, Johnny was puzzled. “That was on mine too.”
“It all makes sense. This guy, Z, must be the same one we came across.”
“It is,” he responded, walking towards her box. He grasped both sides of it with his hands.
“How do you know?”
“Because I just have that feeling.” 
Bemused, she moved on. “Have you heard from the others?” 
“Yeah,” he responded, his hand on the back of his neck, in pensive mood.
“What’s wrong?” she asked, walking towards him. 
“I don’t know. I don’t know why he’s doing this.” He raised his head. “What does he want with us? Why? Why all this?”
“I understand your frustration,” she replied. “But we need to have patience. In time, we might find out.” 
“Yeah, but I don’t think I can handle two mystery men.” 
“Two?”
“You know, your visitor?”
“Oh, him.”
“Him?” 
“I suppose it's a he. Only makes sense from the way he talked and moved and everything.” 
Johnny shook his head. “Look, are you ready to go Kevin’s place? The others are already there.”
“What would you do if I said no?” Johnny was dumbfounded, never expecting such a remark. Jane giggled at the look on his face, “Don’t worry, of course I’m coming!”
“Good. Let’s go.”
“Just let me get out of this thing. You don’t want us walking to the car in this, do you?” 
“Who said anything about walking?” 
“What?” He grabbed her as if she were weightless, snatched up her keys and her phone, and locked the door behind them. A moment later, they were in her car, with Jane in the driver’s seat. Johnny was surprised at how light Jane's body felt in his arms, and wondered if she ever ate, or whether his years of martial arts and body training were finally paying off.
She sat blinking and gasping. “Oh my gosh, I think I might puke.”
“Oh crap.”

* * *

Forty-five minutes later, the pair arrived at Kevin’s house. The gate unlocked, and they headed to meet up with the others. 
“Wow, you two look sharp,” Sam commented approvingly. Looking sharp himself in his own brand-new bodysuit, colored dark blue as well with long, snow white highlights running from his neck, across his shoulders and arms, and to his hands. From his shoulder blades, white winding lines traced down the sides of his chest to the ankles. 
“Hey!” Rose exclaimed. Contrary to theirs, her suit was a dark red, with black edging on the sides of her ribs. 
“W-Wow, this is so damn a-amazing,” admired Kevin, dressed in his simple-yet-comfortable hoodie and sounding a tiny bit envious.
“Check this out,” Rose motioned, laughing in delight. Her gloves had a compartment on each finger. She growled, and the compartments unloaded their payload—in this case, claws. “Isn’t it amazing?”
“That is legit sick.” 
“I wish mine did that,” said Jane. 
“I think someone designed each suit for each person’s personality,” Rose replied. “This Z guy clearly knows what we like. He even gave me a red face mask!” 
“Ryan, you and Dustin have awesome ones too,” Jane said.
“Why thank you!” they both responded. Dustin’s suit was a duplicate of his brother’s. In fact, each was a duplicate. The only difference was different colors of glowing lines. Dustin’s was yellow lines, Ryan’s had green. 
Dustin slipped on a dark gold face mask, analogous to Johnny’s. “Oh yeah,” he said, with his best ninja impression. “I’m Scorpion now.”
Sam laughed a bit too hard. He attached his own, which was a snowy-white hue. “And I’m Sub-Zero.”
Their banter left Jane clearly confused. “What?”
“It’s nothing,” Johnny interjected, frowning at the twins.
Rose, on the other hand, laughed along at the remarks. “Yeah, you do!” she said. 
Johnny shot a look at Ryan, who turned around to hide his reaction, placing his fist in his mouth and biting down slightly, then winked at Johnny. Johnny understood perfectly. Ryan had never met a girl who knew those names, or had even heard of Mortal Kombat. 
“Dang, Rose, you’re a gamer?” Dustin asked. “You never told me that.”
“It’s a hobby of mine.”
“I have to say,” Dustin chuckled, “Z has good taste.” 
Johnny rolled his eyes. “Yeah, well he might still be some super-evil psychopath.” 
“I b-believe this i-is something d-different,” Kevin replied, pointing to the suits. “I certainly have never felt a material like that.”
“Wait, what?” Sam asked. “Are you saying—?”
“That these suits are from a different planet?” Johnny finished the sentence. 
“I b-believe so.”
Kevin had the television tuned to NY1, a news station throughout the local area. Breaking news interrupted the usual cliché, daily crimes—a robbery, a murder, or some long-forgotten celebrity’s death giving them one last minute in the spotlight. Across the bottom of the screen, the scrolling headline read: UFO ESCAPES FROM SPHERICAL OBJECT. AUTHORITIES FOLLOWING.
Dustin caught sight of it and motioned for the others for silence. “Uh, guys?”
“What?” replied Sam.
“Oh God,” exclaimed Johnny, who had turned to see.
“What the hell is that?!” Jane shrieked.
“It says 'unidentified' for a reason.”
“Damn what has happened to my life?” Sam complained. He squinted. “I was just a regular dude, and now we’re going to be facing off with a giant... bug.”
“Just what I love,” Dustin added sarcastically. “Like, who does not love gigantic man-eating bugs, am I right?”
“Gross.”
Rose read the byline. “It’s near Camp Hero.”
“Imagine my shock.”
“Wait, what?” Ryan exclaimed. “Camp Hero? This is terribly coincidental—"
“Do you want to go there?” said a robotic voice, making everyone jump. 
“Who said that?” Rose cried.
“Hello, I am Oracle, your helper.” 
“Is your suit talking to you?” Johnny asked, baffled. 
“It indeed is,” responded the suit. “And please, refer to me as Oracle.” 
“Oh God, do we each have an A.I. c-companion?” stuttered Ryan, for once modestly bewildered.
“No. Only the two females’ apparatuses have consciousness included. I am Oracle, the artificial consciousness of the Oracle V1.”
“Holy s-shit,” Kevin exclaimed. “I can die in peace.”
“Jane Cooper, you also have artificial intelligence in your suit, known as Chronos. Our master, the great Titan, created it.”
“Who?”
“All will be elucidated in time.”
“How do I access mine?” Jane asked. 
“Press your hand on your chest for five seconds, Jane Cooper.” She did as the A.I. told her. Five seconds passed, and her suit awakened. 
“Hello, I am Chronos, your helper and companion, created for the Chronos V7.”
“Wait,” Sam interrupted, “have you been listening to us this whole time?”
“Yes, Sam Jones.”
“OK, I am now very, very jealous,” uttered Dustin, who was basically swooning over the voice of Chronos. “What’s mine do?!” 
“Repeat the steps Jane took,” Oracle directed in its beautifully unemotional voice. “As I made clear, you do not have an intelligence uploaded into yours. Instead, the Tetra uploaded various technologies, such as power boost, bulb, geolocation, and fortification mode.”
The rest were dumbstruck, Kevin easily the most. “Each appurtenance you were given incorporate these specific components.”
Dustin, Johnny, Sam, and Ryan all followed the steps given, which turned on their specific outfits. 
Dustin went first. There was a peculiar sound followed by, “Welcome to the Aurora V5. Apparatus set to English, a language of Planet Earth.”
“Yep, definitely from outer space!”
Sam was next. “Welcome to the Echo V9. Apparatus set to English, a language of Planet Earth.”
Ryan’s boot-up responded the same, except referring to itself as the “Solace V4,” as did Johnny’s, which referred to itself as the “Edge VX.”
“Telemetries positive. Enjoy.” 
“OK, I’m officially in love with Z,” Ryan exclaimed. “He really knows the way of gift-giving.”
“Hero in my book,” Dustin said sarcastically. 
“Oracle, you said something about portal technology. What do you mean? Are you saying we have the power to teleport with these things?”
“Affirmative.”
“Holy crap,” Kevin and Johnny exclaimed at the same time. “How is that possible?” 
“Utilizing the teleportation abilities of Zydok, the ruler of the Tetra, the Titan, created these for his special forces.”
“Wait, who?” 
“My programming does not permit me to further disclose.”
“Well that’s helpful.” Rose shifted uneasily, as she recognized the name. 
“OK, well, how do we teleport?” Ryan asked. 
“You do not have that specific function. Only the Aurora V5 and Echo V9 have the capability.”
“Sounds like ours,” Dustin responded, looking at Sam. “I have the Aurora, and Sam has the Echo.”
“All right, so how do we activate it?” 
“To activate the exotic matter, you must swing your arms in a circular motion to your side. As you do this, speak where you would like to go. The orb will activate, bending space-time to form a sphere, which will transport you to your desired location. A reminder: The bridge can only take you to a location within the host planet—never beyond.”
“Sam, I’ll do it.”
“OK.”
“But first,” the A.I. interrupted, “you must initiate fortification mode, so that the Aeon safeguard plates can harden.”
Johnny raised his eyebrows, amazed. Dustin and Sam both blinked repeatedly, trying to make sense of the information the artificial intelligence had dropped. “Uh... OK,” Dustin said. “How the hell do we do that?”
“Tell me,” it replied.
“What?”
“Command me.”
Dustin put on a confused face, turning to the others and shook his head. “Thing’s dumb.”
Rose shook her head and hushed. “Want me to do it?”
“No! I got this. Uh, Aurora, initiate fortification mode.”
“Initiating.”
Dustin’s suit sprang forth in gold colors. “Uh, I feel something hardening,” he said. “Not my pants, either.” Johnny and Ryan both chuckled loudly. Before long, though, the suit lit in specific regions, the safeguard plates making themselves apparent on the outer shell. He now resembled some sort of soldier. 
Sam drooled, in awe of the sight. “Dude, you’re a walking gold ingot.”
“I know,” he replied, nailing the voice and the look. “I’m a futuristic, alien ninja, you peasants.” Swiftly, Johnny and the others initiated their safeguards too. The white serrated lines on his suit illuminated blue, Rose’s suit illuminated a deep crimson, Ryan’s green, Sam’s white, and Jane’s gray. 
Rose ogled over the pure awesomeness. “This. Is. Amazing! I love red, obviously. And now... I have it! Does Z know us personally? He’s literally like my Dad right now.”
Johnny didn't answer this time. 
“Do I really look like Elsa now?” Sam asked Ryan. The whiteness of his armor bathed the room in even more light. “I feel like I do.”
“Bro, let it go,” Dustin said, snickering like a mad man.
“Don’t worry, you look badass,” Ryan responded reassuringly. “As do I.”
Instead of carrying on like a child with Christmas presents, Jane said firmly, “Let’s go. We don’t have time to play.”
“She’s right,” Johnny said. “We have plenty of time later to check these out.”
“Fine,” Dustin replied straightening. He swung his arms, shouting, “I desire to travel to Camp Hero, New York, United States, Earth.” A mysterious sound emanated from one specific point a foot away in mid-air. The room distorted, and a large, black sphere rose from the ground in front of them. They had created the first man-made wormhole in history—a rotating bubble of space-time—something scientists only dreamed of seeing.
“The first portal,” Johnny said in wonder. But it wasn’t the first. Ages before, one had been created. But Johnny didn’t know that. None of them did. Not yet.

CHAPTER 10
COME AND SEE

“That a wormhole?” Ryan exclaimed.
“And we’re the first humans to use one,” Johnny said.
The gravity increased, and the wormhole pulled them towards it, including Kevin. “One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind!” Ryan cried, screaming in fear along with his companions.
The next moment, they were all outside, among the trees. Far off in the distance, Montauk Laboratory resembled a beacon. Each of them had landed on the grass, face first. 
“Teleports left for the day: three,” the A.I. notified. 
“Yeah, I’m going to have to get used to that,” Ryan griped. 
Kevin, however, was ecstatic and already up and about like a kid in a candy store. “Wow! T-That was amazing!”
There was little time to groan, as the whirring noise of helicopters filled the air. Raising their heads to the cloudy sky, the group caught sight of a large object. It was flying across the sky, followed by a helicopter. 
“Wow, this is going to be easier than I thought,” Sam crowed confidently. Johnny slipped on his face mask, which reached up to his eyes. The rest did the same. They looked like criminals, or rather ninjas.
Unfortunately, the conglomeration of metal—the bug—caught sight of them as well, pointed itself at the ground, and landed. The greenery and forest behind its bulky, ugly frame provided some color to the otherwise dull appearance.
“It’s more machine now than insect,” Dustin said. “Twisted and ev—" 
“It doesn’t s-seem organic,” Kevin interjected, quickly snapping a photo. 
“It isn’t,” the machine responded. They all jumped back. On further examination, it appeared that the voice did not originate from the bug itself, which appeared to be a machine. 
“Who are you?” questioned Rose.
“Adia, come and see!”
“Her name is Rose,” snapped Ryan. “And whoever you are, you can go right back where you came from.”
“I’m afraid I can’t do that,” the voice answered. 
“The hard way it is,” Johnny responded. Ryan motioned for Jane to throw him a medium-sized rock. He gripped it as the rock shrank, transmuting itself into him. As a result, he grew seven inches and absorbed the stony material. 
The invader shot at them with the blasters built into its legs and arms. They dodged the attacks, and Johnny slipped through the fire, using his speed to go around the bug and confine it. Following his lead, Jane reached out with her arm and telekinetically inhibited its body. While the bug was ignorant of Johnny’s presence behind, he speed-kicked it, sending it hurtling towards the others.
“Coming your way!” Johnny shouted, side-kicking the inorganic beast again as it hurtled through the air. Sam froze it with a discharge of his own power just as the invader fell into the wheelhouse of Ryan’s punch. The contact with his fist obliterated the bug, only sparing its severed head. 
“Woohoo! That was awesome!” shouted Ryan, exhilarated. “That felt amazing!”
“Great job!” added Sam. “We didn’t even need to use Dustin or Rose!”
“Yeah, well I would’ve liked to do something,” sulked Dustin.  
“Doesn’t m-matter! I just witnessed the f-first team up in h-history!” Kevin cheered, clapping and raising his arms in celebration as if he had won a championship.
Johnny sped back. “Yep, that was sick.” He high-fived Ryan and Sam. “Nice going there, you guys.”
The head of the destroyed bug landed in front of them. It spoke. “Well done! Now, Adia, come and see.”
“Who are you?” Johnny asked. “What do you want?”
“I am Solis, Voir to the Titan.”
“Who is Titan?” Sam responded.
“You will find out.”
“Is he the one who visited me?” Rose asked, ignoring the baffled looks of her comrades. 
The voice did not answer.
The team turned to look at her. “What are you talking about?” Ryan asked her. 
“Some guy has been visiting you? Where? When?” Johnny added. 
“Long story. Tell you later,” Rose replied shortly.
“That must mean... ” Jane said, thinking out loud. “Is he the same one who interrupted my sleep two weeks ago?”
Solis ignored the question. “Do not forget. He expects you.”
The others, except for Johnny, shifted their attention to her. “OK, what? You too?” Ryan inquired, both confused and frustrated. 
“Long story. I’ll tell you later.” 
Ryan looked at Johnny, who nodded his head in confirmation. “Wait, don’t tell me you knew as well.” Johnny stayed silent. Kevin swung his head between them all, trying to keep up.
“In fact, he is expecting all of you,” interrupted the bug impatiently.
“You didn’t answer my question. What does he want?” Johnny asked, striving to sound fearless. 
“Come and see.”
“Come and see what?”
“Your lord. Your destiny. Your enlightenment. Your justification.”
“Tell your ‘lord’ that we’ll think about it.” Johnny motioned Rose over. “Light it up.”
“I will be happy to.”
“We shall await you. In five Earth days, we will open a breach. It is imperative that you cross.” These were its last utterances because Rose lit it on fire. 
The helicopter crewmen had been recording since they came upon the scene. “Good thing our little friend gave us these visors,” Sam said, eyes locked on the helicopter. 
“Yeah.”
“We need to get some cover,” Rose said. “Not a good idea to teleport while they’re watching.”
“There’s a thick forest right over there,” Ryan pointed. “Let’s go.”
When they reached the thick of the forest, Dustin turned on the teleportation mechanism. Space distorted, and a sphere emerged out of seemingly nothing but air. “Damn. Two leaps in less than ten minutes. What a day, humanity!” exclaimed Sam. A moment later, they arrived back where they started—Kevin’s mansion. “Wow, this thing really works.” 
Johnny though, was angry. “Rose, why didn't you tell us?”
“It didn’t seem necessary, Johnny.”
Johnny snorted a breath. “Say that as much as you want. Now we have an alien entity who’s expecting us. None of us believed aliens existed only two weeks ago. And from the name ‘Titan,’ it doesn’t sound good!”
“Hold the phone. Don’t get angry at me. Jane isn’t innocent either, and we know you knew about that!”
Ryan, now back in his human form, stepped between the two and held them both back. “Johnny, shut up. The last thing we need is disorder among us. And you”—he turned to Rose, pushing against his restraint— “please keep that pretty face out of fights, will you? I really wouldn’t like to see you both with bloody noses.”
Johnny knew Ryan was right, and stepped back. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to, Rose.”
“Whatever,” she huffed. She released her pressure on Ryan's arm and turned away.
Sam raised his eyebrows and let out a breath. “Well, now that that is over with, what happens next?”
“Jane will disclose her encounter, and then, Rose, you will as well,” Ryan directed in parent mode. “Now you two play nice.”
“Look, I’m sorry I didn’t tell any of you earlier. But right now, just... just leave me alone!”
“Take ten,” Ryan replied sympathetically. 
 “Neither am I,” Sam complemented. 
Johnny frowned once more. This is about to be crazy, he thought. He continued to plan how to contain this new life that he hoped would lead him to his destiny. He had no way of knowing that in five days’ time, that destiny would come not just to him, but every person on Earth, from the oceans to the mountains, from the deserts to the cities. When Jane and Rose both recounted what had happened to them that night, a little bit of this Titan character was revealed—that, much like Z, was a mysterious figure that had hid in the darkness and quietness of space for a long enough time. But no longer. 
CHAPTER 11

CONTACT


The future had arrived. Today, they would make contact. Over the last five nights, only Kevin had managed a restful sleep, as the others’ minds were so preoccupied with their current situation that rest evaded them. The mental game was excruciating. At the end of the five days, the time had finally come. The future was at hand. It coursed through their very veins.
But they could not leave without saying their goodbyes, even if it would be furtively. Dustin and Sam, though usually light-hearted, were heavily affected by the idea of taking an interstellar wormhole across thousands of light years of space without a single word to their loved ones. 
Therefore, they both showed up at their parents’ doorstep the day of the departure. “Hey Mom,” Sam greeted, walking straight in. The home of Robert and Jenny Jones, like the Sparks’ abode, was simple and spacious. 
The duo tried with every ounce of their acting skills to remain unsuspicious. To keep the act going, Dustin offered to stay for a meal. 
“That sounds wonderful!” their mom exclaimed. “I have a pot roast.”
Dustin licked his lips. Dammit, last pot roast for a while. “Yum,” he said.Until dinner, which would be served in a half-hour, the brothers ascended the stairs into their childhood rooms. The white walls and blue ceiling welcomed Sam, the memories of the past whispering into his ear.
This room had experienced so much—the endless crying when his grandparents died, a certain infamous breakup, and just plain hormonal imbalances. Thankfully, those times were over now. 
He ambled to his bed, running his hand over its sheets, lost in thought. He had not noticed his mom standing in the doorway until it was too late. “What’s wrong?” she asked.
Turning swiftly, he gulped and clenched his teeth. She looked very suspicious. “Nothing,” he briefly stated. “I’m, uh, just reminiscing. I’ve not been sleeping so well lately.”
She scrutinized his expression closely. He awkwardly smiled. “You’re right,” she said, taking two steps towards him. There was not a trace of distrust in her eyes, or her voice. But she had fooled him before, many times, when in situations akin to this. “If these walls could talk, they would say a lot.” 
Sam huffed and hugged her tightly, much to her surprise, since Sam typically disliked hugs. “Oh, this is new,” she acknowledged. 
“I just felt like it this time,” he answered. He pulled away. “Where’s Dustin?”
“In his room. The pot roast is ready.”
“I’ll be there soon.” With that, she left and went down the stairs to lay the table. Sam found Dustin doing the same thing he had done. The man, the myth, the legend himself, Dustin Jones, brushed a shaking finger over his wooden dresser—home to a variety of die-cast cars. He jumped up on Sam’s entrance. “Oh, just you. ‘Sup.”
“Hey.”
“I grew up in here,” Dustin said. “It’s funny. I have this comedic side—we both do—but this place always brings back when we were kids.”
“Yeah, I feel you.”
“And now that we’re leaving, what might happen?”
“I don’t even know, bro. But, Johnny’s right. This is a path nobody’s taken. We’re pioneers. I can actually look forward to the future. Know what I mean?”
“Yeah, Johnny’s right on a lot of things. Honestly, that dude lives in the future.”
“Timmo was right. He gives off that old man vibe at like... what? 21?”
Dustin chuckled, clasping the edge of his bed. He breathed in deep and exhaled. “I’ll see you again. I promise.”
When dinner wrapped up, the duo left for good. They both gave an extra-tight hug to each of their parents. “I love you, Dad,” Dustin said to Robert, who well-nigh equaled his strength, thanks to a college football career. 
“I love you too, Dusty. Can’t wait for another family meal at the table. Just please, don’t screw around with time wasters and keep to your studies. Same goes for you, Sam,” he added. 
If you only knew, Dustin thought. 

* * *

Johnny and Ryan found their parents together at Bethany Slade’s house. They knocked like the good children they once were. And, just like then, Bethany let them in.
“Hey Mom, just got to give you a hug.”
“You came to give me a hug, Ryan?”
“Yeah, we were in the area. Where’s Timmo and Irene?”
She beckoned them inside in answer to the question. Johnny’s parents sat on the sofa, totally oblivious to the predicament of their son. But Johnny had to keep it that way. The cost of their knowledge would be too much. Plus, a small, defiant part of him liked being a rebel. Anything but what society expected. 
Little did he know the kind of being he would soon meet. Or how similar they really were.
“Hi Mom,” he started, doing his best, like Sam and Dustin, to not give anything away. “I was in the area, just wanted to say hello.” His father stood in an instant. “Well, I’m here.” Smiling wide, Johnny took a few steps towards the man he might never see again. Without hesitation, he embraced him, forearm slapping his back. “I love you, Dad... don’t forget it. You know, I might have found what I have been looking for. I don’t feel as lost as I once did.”
Timothy’s expression said it all. “What do you mean, son?”
“I'm not lost, like I had been,” he replied. There was a war inside him at this point, neither side claiming victory. “Come on over, Mom,” he insisted. 
As she did, the three went into a triple-embrace, Johnny the tallest among them. He laid a soft, likely-final kiss on Irene’s forehead. 
Ryan did the same, though almost a foot taller than his mother. The two of them were almost a comedy duo. Nevertheless, he bent lower to lay a kiss on his mother's cheek. For so long, it had been just the two of them. She had stayed by him when he went through those days of horror, the day of the incident. The day they lost him.
As if their minds were in sync, Ryan and Johnny both reconsidered whether the decision to keep quiet was the right one. 
I can’t do it, a voice inside Johnny told him. I can tell the truth right now and everything will be back to normal. Nobody needs to know about Titan. Nobody needs to know about any of it. His jaw clenched. 
On the other hand, Ryan was highly reconsidering everything they had planned. Why would I leave her here? he pondered. “Mom, I have to tell you something,” he whispered. He looked to Johnny, but saw something he had never imagined. Johnny wanted to go.
But destiny, Johnny’s mind declared. He knew the better option but, as a human, was as fearful as a deer among wolves. The path to a new world is laid before you. Why do you stall? Take it! 
“No,” Johnny mouthed to Ryan. “Don’t do it.”
Ryan read his lips with ease, a talent developed from the countless times the brothers and he would do something rebellious in front of adults. He inhaled a titanic amount of oxygen before exhaling like a jet engine. 
“Yes, Ryan? What is it?”
Don’t. His ears were ringing without relent, the few seconds extended into what felt like hours. “I love you, Mom. Got to go, though.” 
As the two young adults walked out to their cars, their collective hearts beat like drums, as if in anticipation of a coming calamity. They looked back at the house to see their parents waving, a loving smile pasted on each face.
Johnny turned to Ryan before stepping into his automobile. “It’s time.”
Ryan slipped on a coat and twisted his neck to loosen up. “So it is.”  

* * *

Prepared for danger, the group ventured out to Montauk Laboratory. There were no guards—only a fence that had many warnings attached in big, bold letters. Johnny unhinged his phone from his belt. “Kevin, we’re here. Now we wait.”
“Good. This is my last t-transmission. I’ll be waiting for you, whenever you get back. F-Focus on your training. Y-You guys have been p-preparing for this. I w-will do what is e-expected of me here. See you soon.”
“Thanks, Kevin,” replied Rose. “Good luck.”

* * *

After a short wait, a low growl groaned beneath them. The ground in front of them sunk, and out of the dirt arose a large, black orb. “Guess that’s our cue,” Ryan said.
“Let’s go.” Rose leaped first, followed by the others. The wormhole sucked them in like a magnet.
During the interstellar journey, most of them kept their eyes closed as the sounds alone were enough to give them nightmares. Only Johnny and Ryan kept their eyes open, and what they saw was beyond human knowledge. Space curved in seemingly every direction as they trekked through the fifth dimension.
There was nowhere to hide now. Johnny thought he must have died. It was so dark, yet so much power surrounded him—the power of the universe. He saw stars and galaxies funneled around him as if he were in a gigantic museum, moving infinitely faster than light. 
The trip ended far quicker than they had imagined. On the other side, an alien view filled Rose’s senses, who landed first. She had landed in a large room, surrounded by transparent glass, which provided an awe-inspiring view of the universe. 
“Whoa,” she said, looking around.  
As she studied the room she stood in, she noticed none of the others had followed her. “Guys? Ryan? Where are you?” There was no response, since no soul other than hers had made the jump. Fear settled in, but she had little time to dwell on it, because a new object had entered her field of view: a gigantic man, gazing out into space. He left Rose to stare at him in silence. 
“Do you know how long I have been searching for you?” the being eventually asked. “It was a great surprise to find you, but now that you’re here...”
“Who are you? Where are my friends?”
He flinched at her voice. “Only one question at a time, Adia. Please.”
“My name is Rose. I don't know who Adia is.”
“That is only what you remember,” he replied, turning his body from the window to face her. “But I will aid you in discovering all that you have forgotten, my dear.” 
Even from the distance between the two, his glowing, red eyes pierced through her like knives. Why the hell are his eyes red? 
He stalked closer, the sounds his feet made on the floor sending shivers down her spine. He was so much taller and larger than her comparatively frail physique. Nine feet tall, she guessed. 
“Do not be afraid. I mean you no harm.”
“No, you didn’t answer me! Who are you?”
The figure breathed with confidence. “I am Titan, your savior. Lord of the Tetra. I lived, lived not, yet now live again.”
“What do you want with us? With me?”
“Come closer, child, and I will show you your ancestry, heritage, and genesis.” Though he beckoned her near, she was reluctant to move a muscle. “Closer I said,” he repeated.
Reaching out his arm, an invisible force pulled her in. Closer, he appeared even larger than she had thought. “Stop!” she shrieked. But she had nowhere to go, nowhere to hide. Once he had her in his physical grasp, he let go of his telekinetic hold on her. Titan used her fear as an advantage to display his superiority. 
“Come and see.”
He led her to an spherical screen, which attached to the mainframe of the ship. It turned on, and clouds came into view on its display. Her attention was caught by its grandeur, and soon her mind followed. She felt as if it was warping her mind into the mechanism, allowing her to live it out like a virtual reality headset. 
Titan narrated from beyond as she examined her surroundings. Looking about her, a yellow sky began to form, followed by ginormous skyscrapers. The scene quickly changed though, as she found herself flying over the face of the land—across thousands of miles of countryside, oceans, and cities. “This is where you first saw the light of day, Adia. Xalen. A technologically-focused species, the Xalen were among the first to achieve faster-than-light travel. But, before I arrived to save their pitiful souls, society in Xalen had begun to fracture. Once an expanding civilization, the government of Xalen decided to end their expansion into the unknown of space. This was their first mistake. Angst grew throughout Xalen, and protests increased drastically, all in the name of freedom and the greater good.” 
The view flickered between politicians, protests, legislature, and cities. Titan chuckled lightly as he listed the reasons Xalen no longer prospered. Rose could hear the chuckle all around her. “No matter the state or goals of a civilization, they all die in the name of a mistaken 'good.’” The vista transferred to two people holding a baby—a beautiful, reddish-skinned woman, and a reddish-skinned man with a goatee. Rose, mystified, could not respond. “These were your parents, Adia. On the left your father, and on the right, your mother.” 
“Were?”
“Your parents died of... unfortunate mishaps.” 
“I don't know what to say. I've waited for this day for a long time,” she responded, feeling weak. “I have so many questions.”
“We will get there soon enough,” replied the voice. “I suppose you could say they were... noble.”
“You knew them?”
“Yes, I did. But over the years, your father changed. He was no longer one of the few honorable politicians. He focused his energy on family—on love. This was his first mistake.”
“How is that a mistake?”
“Emotion is the father of all error. Chemicals in your brain—they impede progress and only suffice to destroy a civilization’s potential. Sadly, your father succeeded in convincing his wife, Kira, that the planet was ‘hopeless’ and that I would ‘destroy’ their society. Further, he convinced her to send you, his only daughter and possibility of descendants, away. If Earth’s society is any example, you will know that when emotions are incorporated alongside justice, one destroys the other. There can never be both. Only one. For pure justice ignores both so-called ethics and emotions.”
She furrowed her brow, feeling fearful and uncertain. She tried to focus on the important points. “Why would he do that?” she asked.
“As I said before, over time, he was lost.”
“And where do you fit into this?” she questioned further. The scene before her shifted, to Titan convincing Xalen rulers he was there to fix all of their problems. 
“Well, I am your hero—I am your savior! Even though your parents sent you away, I never ceased searching for you. When your friends began to channel their newly acquired powers, the Ooris in them left an impression in the Shadowverse, thus alerting me.”
“What is the Ooris?” 
“It is the source of your friends’ powers. This Energy originates from beyond this material universe. The things you see in this cosmos are not all there is.” Once again, the scene in the orb shifted to another location—one bleak, but not evil—a place of darkness and pure, unrelenting Energy. “This parallel universe, which I call the Shadowverse, is a mere shadow of this one, where energies of all kinds reign. It is connected to this one by a series of wormholes—the creators of which I do not yet know. Sometimes the portals open where they should not.” The scene ended and Titan yanked her mind from the trance, so that she found herself in the throne room once again.
The pieces of the puzzle began to link together in her mind. “The man who gave my friends these powers... his name is Z.”
Titan lowered his head to hers, his eyes shining like beacons. “Are you saying someone infused them with Ooris?”
“I guess so.”
He turned his body and walked to his throne. “This does not cohere in my mind. How is this possible?”
“I don't know.”
“There must be another.”
“Another what?”
Ignoring her question, he responded with one of his own. Instead of simply reading her memories, he opted to see if she would tell him the truth. “Have your friends treated you with the respect you deserve?”
She suddenly remembered why she was here. “More importantly, where are they?”

CHAPTER 12
THE VISION

The ground once again met with their faces on the other side of the wormhole. It closed behind them, and they stood up, brushing themselves off. “We made it!” exclaimed Ryan, arms in the air. Their destination was a new society, filled with colors, sounds, and smells unfamiliar to them. They observed their surroundings, amazed. 
“An alien civilization. Scientists would kill for this opportunity,” Sam marveled.
Johnny looked around, as if missing something. “Where is Rose?” 
“She isn’t here?” Jane gasped. Dustin and Sam each looked around. There was no sight of her.  
Ryan gulped. “Rose? Rose!” he shouted. As the group ran to the side of a building, other species walked by them. “Holy shit, what the hell is that?!” whispered Ryan. 
“It’s an alien, at least to us,” Johnny responded. 
“Yeah, what did you think you would see? Humans?” replied Dustin.
“Uh, no, I guess not.”
“Jane, are you OK?” Johnny asked, turning to her. 
“I’m OK, thank you.”
“Rose!” Ryan screamed. Johnny and the others joined him in yelling her name, listening for any response among the sounds of this new world. 
After searching for five more minutes, it became obvious that she was not anywhere nearby. The wormhole would’ve dropped them all off at the same place. “She isn’t here.” 
“What are we going to do?” Jane asked. 
Ryan dropped to the ground, defeated. “A new world, endless opportunities, but the one thing I wanted didn’t make it.”
Johnny placed his arm around his shoulder. “I’ve been thinking for the past fifteen seconds — extended into nearly two minutes for me. She made it through. For sure.”
“What?” 
“Johnny, what are you talkin’ about?” Dustin replied. 
“This was never her destination. It was ours.”
“What are you saying?”
“I’m saying Titan tricked us.”
“I’ll kill him!” Ryan shouted.
“Oh no,” fretted Jane. “He must have taken her!”
“Then we need to go! We need to find him!” exclaimed Ryan, now standing and reinvigorated by his rage.
“How?” replied Sam.
“We can ask Chronos,” Jane asserted. 
“Who?” replied Johnny.
“Oh yeah,” Sam said, remembering. “She’s talking about the suit-guy. You know, the A.I.!”
“Oh. Right.”
Jane tapped her chest and spoke the keyword, “Chronos.”
“Yes, Miss Cooper?” it answered, in its wonderfully unemotional voice.
“We need your help.”
“What may I assist you with?”
“Where is Titan?”
A few minutes passed, with a “searching” notification sounding every thirty seconds. 
“It appears Lord Titan’s main vessel is located upwards.”
“Well that doesn’t help us at all,” Sam complained.
“Yes, it does! He means in space!” Johnny replied.
“We can’t go into space!” fussed Dustin.
“Well, man the hell up, because that’s exactly where we’re going. I always wanted to be an astronaut.”
“Fine. But if I die, it’s on you.”
“And if I die too?”
“That’s still on you.”
A kiosk sat nearby. In a flash, Johnny sprinted to it while the others followed at a normal pace. “Welcome to Azintea, Capital of Nexon. Booth set to English, a language of Earth.”
“Oh, it’s an information booth,” Johnny realized.
“Well, that’s neat,” Dustin admired.
“Yep, proof we know nothing about everyone, yet they know everything about us,” added Sam.
“It’s Big Brother,” Dustin shivered, eyes wide as a conspiracy theorist.
The screen turned blue. “What would you like to learn about?” 
A byline that read ‘Titan’ appeared on a scrolling list. “Dude, hit that!” Ryan whispered. The group gathered around.
The screen shifted to show Titan and his empire. The hologram of the massive figure rotated in place, standing in excess of nine feet tall, eyes red. “Titan. Savior of Civilizations, Lord, Mighty One, and the Endless Creator. The Tetra, the empire he founded, consists of dozens of worlds. This planet, Nexon, owes its survival to him.” 
“Wow, he’s big,” Sam acknowledged.
“Holy shit, he’s... imposing,” Ryan blurted.
The information booth continued, “Per Titan’s teaching, there exist two universes. The material universe that you stand in now, and a parallel universe—his home-universe—the Shadowverse. As he learned to manipulate Ooris, Titan grew strong, but remained pure, just, and elegant in his ways. This empire, the Tetra, he has constructed brick-by-brick serves him and him alone.” The piece of information ended but more followed.
Another topic popped up. It read ‘Sonovan Lung.’ Johnny pressed it. What a legendary name, he thought. 
“That’s a badass name,” Sam said. “Like, phew.”
“It really is,” Dustin nodded. 
A hologram appeared, showing a large man, with a human appearance, long hair and piercing eyes. “Sonovan Lung. Sonovan Lung was known as the greatest fighter of Earth before he opened a portal into another realm, paving the way for an army of creatures to cross over. This subjected his feeble human body to the greatest outpouring of Ooris in known history. In his lust for power, and with the aid of three others, Sonovan slaughtered them all, including our beloved Titan. 
“But not even death could kill our savior! A hero arose from the remnants of the Old Empire. This hero, who, upon his desire, remains anonymous, resurrected our liberator from the Shadowverse, where he had been trapped. He became Solis, Titan’s current Voir, his second-in-command. 
“Titan, upon returning, forced Sonovan into hiding. This would be punishment for his sins. His current whereabouts are unknown, and have been for centuries. Titan has declared, ‘Sonovan Lung has become a despicable, ruthless, self-serving threat, and will never cease until he becomes all-powerful.’ Sonovan Lung will never be permitted to inhibit our peaceful realm again. And with The Shadows gone, that peace will live on forever.”
“That is a lot of information,” Dustin said.
“Something tells me Sonovan wasn’t the bad guy,” Johnny replied. He looked at the others for their thoughts.
Suddenly, Jane collapsed as words echoed.
The Shadows.
The Shadows.
The Shadows.
 Her mind went blank as if someone had draped a sheet over her eyes. Her surroundings vanished. She was alone, but not for long. The blackness subsided and in its place, she was thrust into some sort of environment that ran like a movie reel. There was light flickering everywhere, as glimpses of different worlds and people appeared continuously around her, as if she were omnipresent. There were voices, men and women she did not recognize, and locations she had never seen before. 
She saw a man approach a huge cave and a subsequent explosion of light, followed by a giant being resembling Titan crawl out of a portal. Except there were two views of the same event. In the first one, she watched as Titan sprang out like a bank robber. Seconds later, the scene switched to a dark planet and a cloaked man. The same Titan dropped out, albeit differently, followed by the sounds of more voices. 
I am Solis. 
You will be my Voir. We shall bring the Justification.
Like Dave in 2001: A Space Odyssey, Jane was left confused, but the scenes kept playing. They were everywhere. She felt everywhere, as if splintered across time and space. 
The man from the cave scene materialized again—this time shrouded in a dark, lightly multicolor Energy. It covered him from head to toe and turned his eyes into glowing lightbulbs. He was surrounded by other figures she could not identify—all wearing large suits. The scenes were flying by now—this time on an alien street corner, outside of a gigantic structure.
Who are you?
I am Zydok of The Shadows. We want to help you. What is your name?
Sonovan Lung. 
She could not peel her eyes away as the setting altered again. She turned and watched as an Asian woman was sucked into a portal, screaming. Sonovan was there, begging for her to grab his hand. 
No, Aiko! Hold me!
I cannot! 
Aiko!
Jane couldn't help it. Tears streamed down her face and fell into nothingness. Before she could scream her panic and confusion, the scene switched to Sonovan, handcuffed in front of Titan, who brooded behind him. Titan's voice was exactly the same as the one in her bedroom. And the eyes. They were bright red, just like those in her bedroom that night.
Tell me, why do you run?
Without warning, the scene switched once more to four armored figures standing on top of a mountain, embracing each other and gazing off into a glorious sunset, streaks of yellow and orange skewed in a beautiful, picturesque display.
Zydok. Orslon. Venarian. Sonovan Lung. That is who we shall always be, warriors. We are The Shadows. 
Once more, the location changed to Sonovan Lung again, except now he was alone on a cliff overlooking a beautiful valley. It seemed as if he were meditating. Jane walked up to him timidly, afraid. Unexpectedly, a portal opened and out jumped a fully-armored, godlike figure. He spoke to Sonovan, who appeared shaken by his words. The figure’s armor was deep gray, its chest shaped like rib bones, with a blue energy bubbling underneath. The figure did not resemble any of the others she had seen so far. Sonovan spoke. 
Who are you? Why should I do this?
I am the future, Sonovan Lung. You will pave the way for a new generation. They will find you. You must find them.
Why must I save them?
You would always save them.
With that, the spectacle ended. The light of day entered her eyelids once more. The first thing she saw was Johnny, kneeling over. He began to smile when she awoke fully. The brothers and Ryan were right next to him, almost surrounding her. They jumped when her eyes popped open.
“Jane!” Johnny screamed. “You're alive!”
“What the hell just happened?” Ryan asked.
“Yeah, that’s a big fat Q. What the hell just happened to you?!” Dustin added. Jane did not feel tired, faint, or shaky. She felt more alive than she ever had. “What didn’t happen? I was... in this world. Everything, even you, disappeared.” She sat up and stared at the alien passers-by in dawning understanding. She knew their purpose now. “There were these people and images—people I’ve never seen before. Titan, this Sonovan person, but not just them. Others.” She breathed deeply.
“You saw them? What do you mean?” Johnny asked. 
“It was... movie-like, but I could move around in it. There were people and figures everywhere I looked.”
Ryan was confused, of course. “I don’t understand. You saw other people? Where? When?”
“That’s the point,” she responded, trying to form words. “I think they were from different times.”
“Times?” Sam repeated.
“Like you time-traveled?” Johnny asked.
“I don’t know. All I know is we must find Sonovan Lung. He was the center of everything.”
“Anything else?” Ryan asked. Jane stood up and walked over to a bench. They watched her, bewildered, but followed. She sat down, feeling delirious with insight. Johnny folded his arms like a detective. 
“I remember some names now: Orslon, Zydok... Vena-something...” she trailed off.   
“Does everybody have awesome names?” Sam interrupted. “Like, damn.”
“They do,” she replied. “Titan, Sonovan Lung, Orslon, Zydok, that other V dude, and... someone else.”
Johnny’s expression changed. “Who?”
“He didn't look like any of the others. He referred to himself as ‘the future.’”
How. Ryan shot a look at Johnny. “Z? Are you sure?”
She nodded. “He talked to Sonovan.”
“He talked to Lung?”
“What the hell did he say?” Dustin questioned, more interested in this than anything that had come before. 
“Some gibberish... that Sonovan must save ‘them,’” she said, making quotation marks with her fingers. “But he wasn’t wearing that jacket. He had armor, unlike anything I’ve ever seen... like it was alive.” 
“Hold on a second,” Ryan said. “How many characters are there? So far there’s Titan, Sonovan, Z, us, this Zydok fellow, Orslon, and that other guy. Who are the good guys, who are the bad ones?” 
“I think Titan is not good,” Jane answered. She tried to recollect more. “There is also someone called Solis.” 
“That was who controlled the bug, if I remember correctly,” Johnny said. 
“All I know is that we must find Sonovan Lung. He’s the key.” 
Johnny turned around and began to pace, six feet away and then back. 
“So, you want us to find Sonovan? Did your vision explain who he is?” Sam asked.
“He’s a warrior from years ago. Some kind of hero.”
“Can you remember any more?” 
“No.” Johnny broke in and announced with determination, “We must find Rose first. We know where she is. We go to Titan.”
Dustin scoffed. “Really? That's the best you got?”
“You want us to visit Titan himself?” Sam added. “Did you hear what I heard? He’s the ruler of an empire. Ruler of an empire. That’s like going to fight the Emperor before even being trained by Yoda. Are you all right in the head?”
“I agree with Johnny,” Ryan interrupted, arms crossed. “We find Rose and bring her back.”
“And what if he totally outpowers us? What then?”
“Ah, I can help there.” Someone appeared from behind the booth. His skin was covered in green scales. He had purple eyes with black irises, and pointy ears complete with a few earrings. Despite these differences, he was almost comically human-looking. He was clothed in two layers of interlocking white and black garments, topped by a long, knee-length blue-brown jacket, which fit his frame perfectly. He resembled some kind of space pirate. “I couldn’t help but listen in. ‘Ya need help. I’m the help, Earthlings.”
Ryan snorted. “Who are you exactly? Beast boy?”
“Name’s Ledarius Wepon.”
“I’m sorry... your last name is actually 'weapon'?” sniggered Sam.
“No, it’s Wepon,” Ledarius snapped, speaking in a peculiarly smooth accent which sounded all kinds of wrong to the human ear.
“What are you?” Dustin asked.
“What matters is that I hate Titan. You want to get to him? Here’s your chance.”
“Wait, you hate Titan?” Sam blurted. Ledarius tried to cover his mouth, but Johnny stopped him in a quick motion, pushing Ledarius back.
“Whoa, what was that buddy?” Ledarius whispered. “Didn’t know you were in link with the Energy. Won’t screw with you.”
“Yeah, so don’t try anything. Wait... Energy? What do you mean?” asked Johnny.
“I’m sure you’ll figure that out soon enough. And you better not talk hate”—Ledarius leaned in and whispered— “about Titan or we’ll all be jail bugs. That’s if we get lucky and aren’t immediately killed.” Ledarius shot significant looks at several nearby soldiers of the Tetra. They wore blue outfits covered in armor, similar to the ones the group sported. They were dotted everywhere, like swarming bees, in every nook and cranny. The sheer number made the Stormtroopers from Star Wars look understaffed. 
“Can you help us or not?” Ryan cut in. Ledarius slipped into bargaining mode. 
“What’s your offer?”
“Offer?” repeated Johnny. It seemed that he had landed in some 40’s movie.   
“Well, you got to supply the funds if you want the job done.”
“Look, buddy,” Ryan informed him, “We have no funds on us.”
Ledarius considered their predicament for a moment. “Well, since you’re broke, how about you do a little job for me? We can help each other out.”
“What’s the job?” Johnny replied. 
“I just got scammed out of a deal. Gal stole ten thousand credits from me. You could say that she’s a criminal.”
“Like you?” Jane quipped. 
Ledarius chuckled, but narrowed his eyes. “Good one.”
“So, what do you expect us to do?” Ryan replied.
“Well, since she is currently hiding away, like she always does, how about you find ‘er and use your little speedy friend here to apprehend and throw ‘er in a cell, eh?”
“You want us to make a hit, like in those mafia movies?” replied Sam.
“I don’t know what that is, buddy, but I’ll take it that it’s good.”
“Always wanted to do that,” mused Dustin. 
“Same!” added Sam.
Ledarius smirked. “So, it’s a deal?”
Johnny considered it. “Give me a minute.” He huddled with the others. “I think we should do it,” he whispered. 
“Anything for Rose,” Ryan vowed. They glowered at him.
“Really?” Dustin responded. “Damn, at least try to be subtle.”
“What?”
“He’s going through the thirsty stage, I reckon,” Sam said.
Jane whispered, interrupting their chatter. “Let’s do it.”
“All right,” Johnny agreed. He left the huddle first and held out his hand. “We’ll do it.”
Ledarius peered around at their surroundings, making sure no one was listening in. “Great choice, speedy. The scumbag’s name is Trypher. She lives somewhere around the slums, probably in her underground hideout. Find ‘er and bring ‘er here.”
“I thought you said to throw her in a prison cell?”
“Hehe, I have to get my money back first, buddy.”
“I’m sorry, but why haven’t you gone after her yourself?” Ryan asked. 
“Let’s just say she has a bunch of bodyguards with years of training.”
“When does the bad guy ever not have bodyguards?” complained Dustin.
“After you get ‘er, bring ‘er to me. I have a shop right over there.” Ledarius pointed to a small shack that had clearly seen better days. Of course, it was a weapons shop. “See you around!” He walked across the street, past the flying vehicles, and into his shop, turning around at the door to encourage them with a thumbs-up. The door slid vertically closed in an instant.
Ryan chuckled nervously. “Yeah, thumbs-up. Woo.” 
“Are you kidding? This is going to be lit!” exclaimed Sam.    
“Wow, just look at this place,” Jane marveled. 
“First humans to see it!” Sam noted. “Like, just look at that!” A hovering transport vehicle lay within twenty-five feet of them. It was loud, sturdy, and looked like one-of-a-kind. Blue magnetic stripes connected one transport with another. Passing citizens eyed the group suspiciously, like they had never seen a human before. 
Ignoring it all, Ryan turned the information booth on once again. “How may I be of assistance?” it asked. 
“Locate the Slums.”
“Locating the Slums. The Slums. Tia Corsin. Two point five lengths away.”
“Lengths?” asked Ryan.
“Yes, lengths. The length is a standard of measurement in the Tetra.”
“OK, well how long is that?”
“Precisely one thousand eight hundred minuxes.”
“Minuxes?”
The machine rebooted for a split second, before a hologram appeared. “Minuxes. A basic unit of measurement in the Tetra. For your clarification, here is the specific size of a minux. One thousand eight hundred of these equal a length.” The size of the minux hologram was about two feet, and Johnny measured it to be about three-fourths of the length of his arm. 
“OK, so a length is basically two miles,” said Ryan. “So, this trip of ours will be nearly five damn miles.”
“We'd better start, then.”

* * *

“Under present circumstances, it appears your friends did not complete the journey. While it is possible they are dead, it is likely that they were simply dropped off at a nearby planet.”
“Yeah, right. Considering your resources, I don’t think you would just mess up their transport.”
“I am not perfect, Adia. The present situation would require orders, by me, to my subordinates. In turn, my officers would declare a search for your friends. It would not take long, Adia.”
“Please stop calling me that.”
“It is who you truly are.”
“No, it isn’t.”
As he stomped back towards the transparent, glass enclosure, he crossed his arms behind his large waist. “All will be revealed, Rose Johnson. In time, you will come to realize your true origin and your true destiny.” Titan turned back to the view outside his ship, taking it all in. Rose felt the aura in the room change. Everything felt darker.
“You can’t force anything upon me. I am my own person, and I’ve got along just fine without you my whole life. Thank you for telling me all this, but I want my friends back.”
“Yet your purpose has still evaded you. The people of Earth are perplexing. They seem to revel in their squalor, even though humans could be so much more. Why fight? Why hurt each other, instead of uniting and standing as one species?”
“It’s because of our free will. Humans rarely ever follow leaders. Our greed has fueled our desire to be better than every other person.”
Titan laughed deeply, turning back to her once more. “Fascinating choice of words. Why use ‘our’? You are not one of them, Adia. And free will is a mirage. There is no such thing, and the illusion it paints destroys entire civilizations.” 
“I identify more with them than with my own species. I guess you could say I had little time to ever get to know my own.” 
“You need not defend the humans, my dear.”
“I can do whatever I want.”
“You were never one of them.”
“I’ve been meaning to ask you. Why—”
“Why did I lie?”
“Wha—”
“Oh, please. The abilities of your ‘friends’ are nothing compared to mine, Adia. I knew you were resisting my explanation. Did you really think you could fool me?” His voice deepened, taking on a chalky, firm tone. “Did you really think you could out-think me? Those were the words I said to your father once. My eyes have seen the rise and fall of countless heroes, societies, civilizations, and worlds. Originally, I hypothesized that soft, knowing words would charm you, and alleviate your anger and stress.”
Her demeanor changed as quickly as his did. “What do you want from me?”
“Everything. Everything Ta-Vir took from me I will take back. Thus, I will take all of you.”
“You can try.” She leapt into the air, channeling her powers and the training she had received from Johnny and the others. She landed a flying side-kick to his face, pushing Titan back. It was not the end of her fury. She followed up her first attack with a full onslaught of her powers. Fire streamed out of her hands like a viscous mountain river. “I’m going to kill you!” she screamed. 
Only when Titan pushed back did she realize her fiery strike had been for naught. A translucent shield of energy had formed around her adversary, protecting him from any kind of onslaught. “My dear, have you learned nothing?” Reaching out, he telekinetically choked her, raising her body fully off the floor. 
Her mind began to darken. Dad, I’m so sorry, she thought in distress. He held her up higher still. 
Titan’s eyes burned crimson, like the devil. “If it accomplishes anything, it was I who killed your parents. In fact, it was I who snapped your pathetic mother’s neck into a multitude of pieces. You should be grateful. I saved you from the squalor of Xalen, and now you will fulfill your true destiny—live out your true purpose.” 
Rose was defenseless. Nothing could inhibit the power Titan wielded. At first he was simply holding her up, but then his mind fully overwhelmed hers. Titan exercised his psychic powers as a weapon, cutting through her very being. Nothing was safe from him. Every feeling, every emotion, and every event of her life was unlocked. She could feel him prodding through, rendering her impotent. 
“My friends will come for me!” she croaked. 
“I am counting on it,” he spat. There was nowhere else to go. Nothing could stop it.
Gripping tighter, he pulled her closer, keeping her steady. “You need not fret, my dear,” he proclaimed in his deep, hardened voice. “Now, you will leave behind your past. Now, you will do my bidding. Now, you will accept your true destiny. Now, and forevermore, you will bring Justice.”

CHAPTER 13

THE JOB


After a transient teleportation to the slums of the alien city Azintea, the team of humans began their search for the one named Trypher. In this area, gas, waste, and garbage abounded. Every so often, a patrol would glide by on a hover-scooter, eyeing the foreigners. 
Although the area surrounding them was littered with garbage, advanced technology could still be seen, almost always attached to giant, dirty buildings. These buildings were lined with metal wires which allowed energy to course through them like blood through veins.
Johnny had zipped like lightning through many of the abandoned buildings and was now in the last one on that block. He passed by an electronic door, which opened automatically upon his presence. Peering in, his eyes caught sight of several armored individuals. Must be the guards, he thought. Each guard resembled Ledarius, except they were taller and spikes protruded from their backs. These spikes prohibited attacks from behind. In short, their appearance clearly stated: Do not mess with us.
He sped out of the building and met up with the others, who stood waiting at an information booth nearby. The door swished closed, leaving the guards confused, since they had not seen anyone present. 
“Ah, Johnny. You find anything?” Ryan asked as he scanned the information provided to him by the information booth. 
“You won’t believe it, but I found them. They’re in a secret room behind an abandoned building around the corner.” 
“Finally!” Sam exclaimed.
Johnny frowned. “What do you mean ‘finally’?”
“You know how long we’ve been waiting here?”
“Uh, I don’t think it was very long, Sam.”
“Precisely three-and-a-half minutes,” Jane interjected, glancing at her watch.
“Ages!” Sam responded. Johnny rolled his eyes.
Jane giggled. “What?” Johnny asked her, puzzled.
“Nothing. It’s just... I admire the way you guys talk to each other. I never had brothers.”
“Well, Johnny boy here admires other stuff too, you know,” Dustin snickered, an impish smile on his face.
Johnny turned and glared at him. “Anyway, how about we go knock the crap out of this criminal, huh? It’s time to put our training to good use.”
Ryan turned the information booth off. “Thank you for using IB1759,” it said. “Goodbye, and never forget to serve Lord Titan.” Ryan snarled at the generic comment, laying a punch onto the mainframe which obliterated the fragile device like shattered glass. Thankfully, no patrols were close by. 
“If this Titan guy’s personality is anywhere near the same as these booths, I’ll hate him.”
“He’s probably worse,” Johnny noted. 
“How do you think Rose is doing now?”
“Not dead, hopefully.”
“Wow, bit pessimistic?” Sam tutted.
“Not much to be optimistic about, considering our circumstances.”
The team snuck around buildings and through a few crowds of alien beings, who bustled about or stood around, talking. When they arrived at the guarded room, Sam initiated his powers, causing his hair to turn white. “I can’t wait to beat some bad guys up. It’s going to be so lit.”
“Just don’t get hit.”
“Yeah, by the way, what do these guys even look like?” Ryan asked. 
“They’re big, spiky, and armored.”
“Great,” Dustin moaned dramatically. 
Ryan bulked up, absorbing the power of the metal on the outer wall of the grubby edifice. After arriving at the door, Ryan backed up and kicked with every bit of his strength—far more than was necessary. The sudden impact shattered the barrier, exposing the guards behind it. Ryan smiled. “Showtime.”

* * *

Rose fell to the floor, totally drained. Her mind was no longer hers to control. With Titan at the helm, Rose Johnson was gone—the memory of her past life discarded to the back of her mind. For now, Justice was all that remained. Titan had exploited the anger and insecurity that resided within and now used it to control her. This twisted version of Rose stood, full of a dark, new energy. 
She grinned invidiously as Titan lifted her head, fingers on her jaw. “Ah, your will is strong.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
“You are welcome, Justice. Aiko—the former wife, and love, of Sonovan Lung—was your predecessor, and though merely human, she had potential. But, as I mentioned before, emotion is a disease, and it must be eradicated. Sonovan Lung, the ancient warrior who defeated me so many years ago, convinced her to fight my presence in her mind. A grave mistake. Sonovan did not want her to fulfill her destiny at my side. Another unfortunate and unnecessary retaliation against my will. Aiko herself forced me out.”
“How ludicrous, my lord. She could not comprehend the scope of your will. You only wanted to help her!” 
Titan sat on his giant throne as his armor clanked, eyes far away as if reliving the memory. “Ludicrous. Yes. So is every sentient being who resists my good judgment. Of all the worlds I have conquered and ruled, do you know what they have had in common?”
“No, my lord.”
“Heroes. These ‘men of renown’ believe I am the evil one. Yet, two of the few prime evils in this universe are rebellion and, worse still, ignorance. These specific qualities spell doom for any advanced civilization. 
“Rebellion is pointless since my rule only consists of two constituents: peace and justice. For example, Zova, a planet whose inhabitants trust their politicians to rule, destroyed itself after years of corruption and injustice. My commanders discovered this civilization and reported to me the dire state of the species. I acted. Since they had ruined the planet from pole to pole, the population grasped my hand of guidance. Now, a century later, the Zova people live in tranquility and splendor. Forgotten are the times of hardship and death. That does not mean certain members of the government and population were not eliminated. In order to create a civil society, opposers of such ideas must be annihilated. They only create problems in enacting true justice and civility.” 
Justice sat on the floor, legs crossed. “I understand.”
“Good. On the other side of the spectrum, ignorance has always been the downfall of civilizations, including Earth. My scouts have been studying humanity for the past century. Do you know what they found?”
“Deterioration of the host’s will to understand and learn.”
“Very intuitive, my dear Justice. Wisdom has taken residence in your heart.” Titan paused, contemplating. “Of all the worlds I have discovered, Earth’s inhabitants are, by far, the most ignorant. Folly resides in them. They cling to emotions and spend years fighting among themselves, for nothing. 
“Injustice runs rampant in every section of their society: places of learning, government, and religion. Emotionally charged, traumatized inhabitants, labeled bullies, are allowed to hate and destroy the lives of innocent people... though most are hardly innocent. 
“Further, the people are completely ignorant towards anything immaterial. They say, and I quote, ‘If I can’t see it, it is not real.’ Myopia abounds, yet they still spread these lies and people believe them! With their logic, the Shadowverse is nothing but an imagination, and Ooris itself is fake. But, there are still a select few who I hold in high regard. In one of their ‘holy books,’ the Bible, a man named Hosea writes the most profound statement of all. ‘My people perish for lack of knowledge,’ is the quote. How intriguing! I never surmised any human could be so wise! Do you understand?”
“I understand fully, my lord. In the years I lived among them, I saw the injustice and ignorance—their narrow-minded vision. You are correct in every sense of the word.”
“Thank you, my dear Justice. Now you can see who I am, and soon, my mission.”

* * *

“Wow, this is going to be so easy,” Ryan stated. It’s true. It looked too easy. “Johnny, let’s at least make it interesting.”
Johnny smirked. “Now we’re talking.” 
Ryan spoke up. “Do any of you fine gentlemen happen to know someone by the name of Trypher?” The guards did not answer. Instead, they engaged their weapons, which happened to be spears. These spears were electronic, and once activated, powerful electricity surged around the spearhead. “Guess you do.”
“Is that an ESF?” Dustin noted, eyes wide. 
“I think it is,” Johnny replied. 
“Holy shit,” Sam marveled. “Who knew? An ESF! Told you Johnny! Aliens are dope! I’m honestly thinking about getting a place here!” The rest chuckled at the guards’ obvious bewilderment.
“What’s an ESF?” Jane asked. 
“It’s an electrostatic field. It used to only be seen in video games, but it is obviously used here.”
“I’ll just assume it’s bad, then.”
“Yep,” Johnny said as he shifted his body into a front-facing stance.
“Any advice?”
“Yeah, it’s pretty simple,” Dustin instructed. “Don’t get hit.”
“These guys are toast,” Sam asserted. 
“They would have been toast if Rose was here,” Ryan replied. “We will just have to manage without her.”
“Just remember your training,” Johnny instructed.
A strong wind began to flow through the room. Soon it was as powerful as a hurricane. Dustin screamed for the others to move behind the wall to prevent themselves from being swept away by its intensity. Dustin’s hurricane-force winds threw the hulking guards against the wall, the wind speed approaching one hundred miles per hour. The armor-plating on the souped-up alien thugs cracked under the pressure, allowing Dustin to pause his ferocious attack. “All right, all yours!” 
The others stepped into the arena, as Dustin rejoined them. The guards stood once again, even though their pain was clearly great. “You will never get to her,” one said defiantly. 
“Yeah, we will see about that,” Johnny retorted. “Edge, engage fortification mode.” Johnny’s suit made a noise, followed by a formation of various shields of protection around his body. Material inside the apparatus moved about, like a mouse underneath carpet, clumping together. This increased the weight of the wearer, since the apparatus had engendered nearly full-blown armor. The stripes wrapped around Johnny’s suit glowed a brilliant, azure blue. “I really love this thing,” he exclaimed in pride. The others all did the same. Dustin’s suit illumined gold, Ryan’s green, Sam’s white, and Jane’s silver.
The guards attacked, slinging their spears at them. Sam managed to freeze two, and they fell straight to the ground like statues. “That will keep them quiet!” 
The other two guards lunged, but this time Jane halted them in action with a couple of swift hand gestures. Johnny turned to her. “Nice one.”
Johnny ran at them with a speed so quick the guards were completely unprepared for him. He swept the leg of one, and then punched the other, flinging him in Ryan’s direction. 
Once the other guard was swept and on the ground, Johnny sprang on top of him and punched thrice. It was more than enough to knock him cold. Meanwhile, the body of the last guard met Ryan’s fist. With a loud smack, he punched the helpless guard back into the wall, knocking him instantly unconscious. 
Dustin chuckled. “I suppose you used about a fourth of your true power?”
Ryan chuckled. “Nah, probably about a tenth.”
“Remind me never to piss you off.”
Johnny was quite impressed. He wiped the sweat off his brow. “Well, that was fun.” 
“That was awesome,” Ryan concurred. “I need to set up an obstacle course so we can beat up some dummies.” 
Another door opened. This time, five guards appeared. “Didn’t know there would be dessert!” Sam joked.
This time, Johnny bolted straight for two of them. His punches aimed for the head and the solar plexus. The guards spit out blood, but before they could gain a bearing, they faced a blizzard of ice and wind. Adding in a few kicks to the crotch, the guards buckled as Johnny continued his onslaught. 
Elsewhere, Jane telekinetically pushed a guard to the ceiling and held him there while Sam froze him to the spot. As for the other two guards, Ryan thrust-kicked each, which was more than enough to knock them both out and fling them away like mere twigs. Within a minute, everyone had been immobilized. 
Ryan stooped down and patted one on the head. “Sorry buddy, but you had no chance.” 
“Yeah, I feel sorry for them,” Sam added. “Just doing their job.”
“That’s their funeral,” Jane replied. “They supported a criminal.”
“Yep,” Dustin replied, impressed Jane had come up with something he would say. 
There was a clatter below them. Johnny placed his ears to the floor. “You guys hear that?” A few seconds later, another clatter reverberated, as if glass shattered. “It has to be Trypher.”
“Go, now.”
The group circled the corner and came to another door. Ryan kicked it and it shattered immediately. “If we get back, remind me to send flowers to this Z guy.”
“Let’s just focus on Titan,” Johnny said. 
Steps opened beneath them, and a new step formed with every step they took down. At the bottom, all was dark. They could hear only the whispers of electricity coursing through the walls. 
“I don’t have a good feeling about this,” Ryan whispered. 
In the dark, the suits illuminated to their brightest level. Some kind of energy coursed through the lit-up areas of their respective suits. “Sam, do you happen to have that bulb feature?”
“Yeah, I think so. Let me check. Echo, activate bulb.”
The system responded, “Activating bulb.” 
“I guess that means it does.” 
From the center of his chest, a small light emerged. Second by second, the light expanded and increased in luminosity until it encompassed every spot on his body. “Whoa,” Dustin said, awed.
“Looks great,” Jane added. “We’ve got a bulb!”
After thirty seconds of activation, their surroundings fully illuminated. “Wow, that’s... brighter than my brain!” exclaimed Ryan, shading his eyes. Another door opened and the group could make out a figure, which spoke, though not in a language they could understand. They stood bemusedly watching Trypher spewing anger, unable to decipher her words. 
Sam turned to Johnny, a bit frazzled. “Uh, how are we going to understand her?”
“Hmm. Jane, see what you can do.”
She nodded once. “Chronos, are you there?”
Chronos, her suit, made a sound. “Yes, Miss Cooper?”
“Can you translate what Trypher is saying? Into English?”
“Certainly.”
“Holy shit,” Sam said. “Never thought of that. Great going, Jane. Genius.” She only smiled.
Trypher strolled out of the corridor into the room, still declaring what seemed to be death upon them. Chronos relayed the translated sentences back to the group. 
The words came out like a walkie-talkie. “What do you want with me?” she demanded, pointing two blasters at them. “Why must you hurt my guards?”
“Wow, that is awesome!” Ryan exclaimed, amazed.
“What can this thing not do?!” Sam added, equally astounded. “For the billionth time, I will literally buy Z a new house.”
Dustin coughed at Trypher’s appearance, now visible in the light. Her attire was comprised of orange garments complete with at least four-inch heels. “Holy crap, that’s not what I expected. She’s h—”
Recognizing where Dustin was going, Johnny cut in. This time, Chronos relayed the English words into Trypher’s language, and she stepped back, amused and intrigued. “Oh, uh, we’re sorry ma’am, but it appears you scammed Ledarius Wepon out of ten thousand credits, so we are here to bring you into custody.” 
“A criminal throwing a criminal in prison? I never thought I would see the day.” 
“Well, today’s the day.”
“I never thought I’d see the day Ledarius would get Oorans to work for him either. How about I cut myself some slack and fork over twenty thousand credits so I can keep my skin?” 
“Your skin?” replied Johnny, confused.
“Don’t you know what happens to criminals?”
“Uh, yes?” 
“OK, foreigner. Once found, every criminal, no matter the felony, is executed on this planet. Solis calls it Titan’s ‘cleansing of injustice.’” 
Their eyes widened. “That must be why Ledarius wanted her apprehended,” Johnny whispered, turning to the others. “We had better watch ourselves with him.” 
“Duh,” Sam replied. “He’s a criminal too.”
“Twenty thousand and you won’t have to hear from us again, ma’am.”
“Would you like it on one credit or on multiple?”
“Oh, uh,” Johnny looked to the others, who did not know how to respond either. “Just one.” 
Trypher disappeared into another room. The group listened as she unlocked several safes, returning once finished. “Twenty thousand credits,” she said, handing Johnny one large ingot of metal.
Everyone leaned over to look at it. Johnny hushed them away. “Thank you, ma’am. You won’t have to hear from us again.”
“Sorry about the guards,” Ryan said. “Don’t worry, we made sure not to kill them.”
“But remember,” Trypher reiterated, “if you ever come around here again, all of your relatives would be in immediate danger.”
They simply smiled at the threat. “Yep, sure.”
“Now, get outta here.” She shot a blaster at his feet.
“No problem,” Ryan responded. 
“Thank you for your time,” Johnny said politely to Trypher, who hadn’t placed the blasters in their holsters yet. 
The team made their way out of the room: mission accomplished. Closing the door behind them, the group ascended the stairs and meandered out of the abandoned building. 
After trekking the distance back, they sauntered triumphantly into Ledarius Wepon’s shop. The gray door separated from the middle with a whoosh. Ledarius had been helping a customer with a throwing weapon, but once he saw the group, he said something to the customer, who walked out, eyeing the foreigners sideways. 
Ledarius leaned over his transparent register, smiling mischievously. “Well, well, well, I will reasonably assume you had a good chat with my old friend?”
“You could say that,” Johnny replied. “Thing is, we didn’t apprehend her or anything like that.”
“What? That was the deal, buddy.”
“Well listen here, buddy,” Ryan replied, “I think you would rather enjoy this.”
Johnny took out the twenty-thousand-credit piece and handed it to Ledarius, who raised his eyebrows. “I have to say, I’m impressed.”
“Thank you.”
Ledarius turned and bent down under his register. A moment later he sprang back up. “You sure you want to go to him?”
“Of course we are.”
“Well, I could use people like you. These powers you have. They could help me...  and you... get really, really rich.”
“I’m sorry,” Ryan interrupted, “but our friend is in danger. Wouldn’t you rather us take Titan out of the equation instead of helping you with errands?”
Ledarius thought for a moment, then looked them in the eyes. “It isn’t going to go the way you think, heroes. Many years I have watched, and I have seen much. People like you, so virtuous and capable of great things. Then they decided to fight him. Many of ‘em had their own agendas. Titan had taken something important from ‘em, and they aspired to seek revenge and kill him.”
“What happened to them?”
Ledarius shook his head, eyes far away. “They were no match. It was not just his power, but his cunning. Now, they are either bones used in fertilization or have been enlisted into his military.”
“Did he take someone from you?” questioned Jane.
Ledarius paused, eyes still staring into nothing. “I once had a wife. She was... taken from me.  My wife and I sabotaged an attack on my hometown, but they still killed the rebels. And her. In her dying breaths, she urged me to run and never look back.” His eyes dimmed. “And so that is what I have been doing all these years. Running.”
“I’m sorry,” Jane responded sadly. “That is just terrible.” 
Ryan stomped over to Ledarius, who was leaning against the wall. “We will destroy him. I promise you that.”
Ledarius snapped out of his trance. “Come back here.” He motioned for them to follow to the back of his shop, which was the size of a warehouse. “There she is. She’s called the Octavian.” 
A medium-sized vessel came into view. It was light gray and shaped similar to a flying saucer, but more elliptical. Tall lamps bathed the craft in light. Ledarius pressed a button, and the whole roof split apart with a loud screeching noise. Sunlight found its way in. “It will fit every one of ‘ya.” 
“Whoa,” Johnny said.
“How is it powered?” Ryan asked. 
“I won’t explain it since you earthlings wouldn’t have these elements on your planet, but its ‘fuel’ is technically the universe.”
“What?” 
“The drive bends space, so it is possible to achieve faster-than-light travel.”
A lightbulb lit in Johnny’s head. “Alcubierre drive.” He brushed his fingers over the ship’s frame. 
“An Alcubierre drive?” responded Ryan. “The speculative proposal of a warp drive by Miguel Alcubierre?”
“It must be,” Johnny replied. 
“I’m confused,” Jane interjected. “What are you talking about?”
“Miguel Alcubierre is a Mexican physicist. He theorized that space-time could be altered in such a way which would allow for faster-than-light travel. It would incorporate the use of higher dimensions and exotic matter.”
“When can we get out of here?” Ryan asked Ledarius, who had been watching their reactions. 
“Thirty minutes.”
“Remember, we need to go to wherever Titan is.”
“He is located in his ship, the Titan.”
“Not on a planet?” asked Johnny.
“Not since Sonovan killed him. Apparently, he likes ships a whole lot more now.”
“Great.”
“OK, well where does it happen to be?”
Ledarius connected something into his computer, and then came back. “It will take a day’s travel to get there.”
“A day?!” Ryan screamed. “Twenty-four hours?!” 
Ledarius furrowed his brow, shaking his head. “What do you mean twenty-four hours? Thirty-one hours. A day is thirty-one hours.”
Johnny shot Ryan a look. “Oh, right. But still!” Ryan complained.
“Just whenever we can get out of here, please tell us,” Johnny said. “OK?”
“I got ‘ya, Earthling. It will be twenty-seven more minutes.”
“Good.”
Their thoughts flew to Rose. Thirty-one more hours, Ryan thought in dismay. Let’s just hope she isn’t dead.




CHAPTER 14

DREAM WE KNEW

Rose Johnson, now Justice, stood in her scarlet-illuminated suit. Titan had said he expected her friends to arrive, and that she should be ready to do what was necessary. He had questioned her as to how she had acquired her suit, for they were indeed his and currently only in the process of design. 
Unable to explain the anomaly, Titan resorted to his psychic powers. Her memories became his memories as he searched her mind. The answer was stunningly perplexing. Faced with a paradox, Titan had spent hours in his throne room in order to come to a reasonable solution to this enigma.
This mysterious speedster, only referring to himself as Z, left Titan bewildered and mystified. Rose had noted that her friends had received suits specific to their powers. Titan’s military had, at the moment, produced two of these, Oracle and Chronos. 
“How did he obtain them?” he asked her. His hand rested on her forehead.
“I do not know.”

* * *

“It’s ready, freaks!” Ledarius yelled. No customers entered the shop, thanks to the big, bold “Closed” neon that attached to the entry.
“Finally!” Ryan replied, jumping off his stool like a man on a mission. 
“About time!” Dustin added. 
Johnny shook profusely. No pregame nervousness could compare to what he had been undergoing. His skin felt like it was going to explode, and his bones felt ready to lurch at any moment.
As they piled into the elliptical craft, its construction staggered them. “You know how many people would kill to see this?” Sam asked, looking about.
“Yeah,” Ryan replied, “Too many.”
The Octavian’s cockpit comprised scores of illumined buttons and switches. Two little holograms of information hovered an inch over the dashboard.
Johnny desperately strove for optimism, but could not escape the stranglehold of pessimism. He could muster only a pasted-on smile. From what he had heard, Titan was the most feared being in the universe, and he—Johnny Sparks—was about to confront him. When he got those powers, he didn’t expect this was the path that had been laid out. But there was no going back. Whatever story now unfolded, whatever events were on course to take place, he would be prepared. He had to be. This was the stuff legends were made of.
“All right, sit tight. It’s going to get bumpy,” Ledarius warned. The craft lifted, and Ryan held his breath. In fact, they all did. The engine purred like a kitten as a blue energy emanated from the rear. The ship jerked and shuddered like an elderly rollercoaster.
Johnny's knuckles whitened as he gripped the balance bars. He closed his eyes, wondering if they should even be doing this. Two sentences came to mind. The words from his father, hours before the encounter with Z.
You wanted to reach the stars. You wanted to go beyond them.
He nailed those words of comfort and wisdom into his brain. 
Ten minutes of ascension through the skies rocketed by before the ship freed itself of Nexon’s gravitational grip. The group stared out the window, in awe at the sight. “Wow,” Johnny marveled. “What a view.” There were dozens of ships, small and large, surrounding the planet like bees around a hive. The lights from the cities shone like tiny stars on the surface. If this did not resemble science-fiction, nothing would. 
Ledarius flipped more switches. “This is it.” 
“Hail Mary, full of gra—” Ryan yelled before the Octavian cut him off with the tremendous sound and energy from the drive. The view from inside was inimitable. The space in front of the craft curved on itself. Behind the craft, space seemed to expand. The crew held on tight for this pivotal moment of launch. However, the ship had already achieved its purpose, and they were well on their way towards the Titan.

* * *

Titan beckoned Justice toward him. Now that she lay in his control, Rose had become his new Voir, despite Solis’s ostentatious disapproval. But what Solis failed to realize was that he would always be Titan’s first in line. He had become much like a son to him during the centuries, venturing together across the infinity of the universe.
“Yes, my lord?” Justice said.
“Solis has reported to me that Ledarius Wepon and your former allies are in transit to our location.” 
She flinched slightly and engaged her suit’s battle modes. “They mean nothing to me.”
Titan turned back to the expanse of the universe beyond his ship with an enigmatic smile. “To be certain, you must engage them.”
She paused. “I will do my best.” Something in her mind strained to remember. She brushed it off.
“If I concluded correctly about your potential, your best is enough.”

* * *

The passengers marveled at the scene. “Wow, it’s like space has become a soup,” Sam admired.
“Yeah,” Johnny added. “I think that results from the curvature.” 
“That is correct,” Ledarius responded. “But if I were you, I would be desperate to get some sleep.”
“You are probably right.”
“There are two rooms in the back.”
The door to the rear of the craft unlocked and slid open. They located a door on one side of the hallway and another one on the other. “OK, Dustin you’re with me,” Sam said. 
“And we will be in the other,” Ryan replied. “Twenty-nine hours boys. Twenty-nine hours.”
Jane said nothing and walked into the room. Four beds filled the room, two on each side. These beds were constructed similarly to bunk beds, except the 'mattress' was a long case. Each person would float in its clasp. 
“Well that’s neat,” Johnny exclaimed. “I suppose aliens have solved gravity too.”
“Duh.”
“They’re aliens! Science is what they do,” Dustin responded.
“Let's just get some sleep, please.”
After a few minutes of fiddling with the touchpad, Johnny managed to close the door on the twins. No one had brought spare clothes with them. Johnny climbed the ladder to the top compartment. Jane chose the bunk below him, and Ryan took one on the other side of the small room. 
“Here, it opens like this,” Johnny motioned, helping Jane with the touchpad. “There.” The compartment door slid open and she climbed inside. Johnny smiled in comfort and shut her in. Within seconds, she was floating inside the sleeping compartment. 
Ryan looked on anxiously. “Uh, that doesn’t look very comfortable,” he complained.
Johnny didn't answer but waited for Jane to drop off to sleep, which took less than five minutes. Ryan eyed him. 
“What?” he asked.
“Oh, I don’t know, but don’t you think that was a bit awkward, even for you?” Ryan asked.
“I was just making sure she was OK.”
“Yeah right. That’s what they all say.”
“That’s what they all say,” Johnny mimicked annoyingly. 
“Well, to be honest, I can't judge... I’m worse,” Ryan chuckled. He hopped into his compartment and, after figuring everything out, begrudgingly sealed himself in. Johnny did the same. Once inside the compartment, the air chilled comfortably, and he too fell asleep in minutes. 

* * *

At the front of the ship, Ledarius contacted another vessel. A voice came over the screen, followed by a masked head. “Do you have the subjects?” it stipulated. 
“I do.”
“Lord Titan will be most pleased with your delivery, Ledarius.”
“Never failed, have I?” Of course I haven’t. Not since she was taken.
“It is pleasing to see you have lived up to my expectations.”
Ledarius smirked. “It’s why I’m in this business, after all.”
“We have calculated your arrival to be thirteen hours, since the Titan will travel in your direction.”
“Sounds good to me.”

* * *

“I hate to interrupt the tension, but you need to leave. Now.” 
“Or what? Are you going to ask for another lighter?”
Johnny was reliving the meeting between him and Z. Then, during the dream, another being came into view, rising up like a serpent. Its eyes were glowing blood-red and it stood at least nine feet off the ground. “Hello, Johnny Michael Sparks,” the figure greeted. In the dream, the stage shifted to a dark, misty place that felt strangely real. 
Wait. Red eyes. “Where am I?” 
“You are in the Shadowverse.”
“The Shadowverse? What? Are you Z?”
“I am not Z.”
“What is this place?”
“It is the source of our power. It turns out someone has exposed you to Ooris. Though not pure, it is enough to bestow upon you the abilities you have gained.”
Johnny nodded his head in conclusion. “Titan.” The monstrous figure nodded once. “Where is Rose?”
“She is safe and is waiting for you to arrive.”
“How is Rose?”
Titan ignored the query. “Your friends, too, have acquired power—power they cannot control.”
“We are doing just fine, Titan. Where is Sonovan Lung? We need to find him.”
Titan nearly laughed at the question. Nearly. “I am here, and you ask me ‘where is Sonovan'?”
“What, can’t you answer?” Johnny taunted recklessly.
“Very disrespectful, Johnny Sparks. Very impressive. Come here now.” 
Instantly, an unexplainable force dragged Johnny to the place where the dark figure stood. “What are you doing?” he exclaimed. “Let go of me!” The darkness grabbed a hold of Johnny and did not let go.
“I’m afraid I cannot do that.” After a few dreadful seconds, Titan grasped him firmly. “Let us look into the past, shall we? A token of a time not very long ago.” 
Instantly, the surroundings vanished and Johnny appeared in a bright hallway. Teenagers were darting about while others chattered to each other. It soon became undeniable: Titan had somehow accessed a memory from high school. 
“So, these were your humble beginnings,” Titan noted. “Charming.” Looking around, the place intrigued Titan. Johnny furrowed his brow at the sight of himself. In this high school, Johnny Sparks had been quite popular, despite his indifference to the title. “Ah, there you are. What an innocent fellow. And so human.”
“Why this? Why do you want me to remember this?” Johnny questioned.
“I want to see you in action.” 
As the two watched, the high-school Johnny Sparks kept to himself, trying his best to either ignore ogles from girls or scowls from people who resented him. Closing his locker, he noticed a new kid being bullied by two members of the football team. As if his instincts had kicked in, Johnny rushed to the boy’s aid, who looked no older than fifteen. 
Watching, Johnny said, “Yep, that’s me. I’ve always stood up for the little guy.”
“Good trait,” Titan answered.
The younger Johnny sprinted over. “Hey, what the hell are you guys doing?” he demanded angrily. The boy’s eyes widened that someone had come to help him. Of course, the two bullies did not feel the same.
“Whoa, you had better watch that mouth. Look who it is! Johnny Sparks here to save the day!” mocked one of them. 
“Whatchu gonna do, princess?” scoffed the other. They approached him, ready for a fight.
“You can’t do that,” replied Johnny. “Leave him alone. Pick on someone your own size.”
By this time, several students had gathered around, craving a tussle. “If you say so, prima donna.” The first, Jared, attempted to throw a big overhand punch, but Johnny moved to the side, landing a round kick right on his abdomen. Leg still raised, he side-kicked the bully into the ground with masterful precision. Jared’s back slammed into the lockers.
Then the other, Nick, joined in on the fun. Imitating his friend’s move, the big man lunged at Johnny and they both slammed into the floor. People let out gasps and shrieks as the two went at it.
With Nick on top of him, Johnny channeled his already-five-year training. Locking Nick’s knees with his own, the bully had an instant to question his choices before Johnny flipped him over. Their positions reversed, and, Nick’s face now vulnerable, Johnny executed a swift, hard punch to the thin space between Nick’s teeth and nose. 
Johnny hustled to his feet just as Jared came back for more. Jared darted at Johnny, but the teenager side-stepped the bully, paving the way for Jared to miss him and smash into the lockers. The crowd cheered.
“Superbly done,” Titan praised. Johnny smiled slightly. He tried to keep his pride in check.
“Thanks,” he replied.
“It is my pleasure,” Titan responded. “But now, I have some things to attend to. Pristine job, Sparks. It is quite interesting that you are all coming to me. I look forward to meeting you in person.” Titan closed the scene and their prior surroundings of a dark, misty terrain descended onto them. 
The figure of Titan began to dissipate, but Johnny chased him and chased him, but it was all for naught. Titan’s figure had vanished completely. In his place, the enigmatic Z appeared directly in front of him, stopping Johnny in his tracks. They stared at one another in silence. How was Z here too?
“When this is over, I will come for you too,” said Johnny. “You can’t hide.”
“It is far from over, Johnny Sparks. I will wait for you.” In an instant, he too vanished. Then Johnny woke up and his eyes popped open. 

* * *

“I want you to relay a message to the Halluxian government,” commanded Titan. “Make sure the Halluxians understand that I will meet with their leaders to discuss the curation of their economy and way of life.”
Justice nodded and ordered for a relay tablet to be brought to her at once. She swiped, initiating its recording systems. Holding it with her left hand, she positioned herself for the declaration.
“People of Hallux, I am Justice, commander of the armies of Titan. He has sent word to me that Hallux has become a corrupt and weak planet, and its inhabitants suffer from disease, famine, starvation, and most of all, cruelty. Titan himself will journey to your planet and personally cure your problems. Please prepare and expect his arrival.”
The message ended, and Titan smiled. His hands fidgeted with the wires attached to his head. “Good. Soon after we remove your former allies from the equation, you will accompany me to Hallux.”
“It will be my honor.”

* * *

The compartment door opened and Johnny sprang out. Jane was still in her capsule and out like a sleeping beauty. Ryan, on the other hand, no longer occupied his own bed. Opening the door, Johnny found him staring out of the back window. The view was similar to the other windows on the craft—a bubble of space that looked like soup, surrounding the craft and its passengers.
“What’s up?”
“I don’t know Johnny. Are you as afraid as I am?”
“If I wasn’t then something would be wrong.”
“Did you happen to have a nightmare?” 
Johnny was caught off-guard with this remark, “Yes, I had one... it was Titan. He’s been behind everything.”
“You talked to Titan himself?”
“I’m pretty sure I did.”
“What did you say?”
“We were talking about my past, about random stuff. It’s still a bit fuzzy... but it felt so real. I didn’t feel like I was dreaming.”
“A lot of dreams and nightmares are like that,” Ryan replied, reassuringly.
“But this was different. I can’t even explain it.”
“Well, what did you think of him? Good, bad, meh?”
“I can’t lay a finger on it. For one thing, he’s huge. And with those red eyes I would expect him to be evil or whatever, but I didn’t really sense that emanating from him.”
“Really? That’s good news. I would like to be in-and-out.”
“Yeah,” Johnny chuckled, “me too.”
Just then, Dustin and Sam opened their door. “Oh, hey guys,” Sam said, yawning. “That was a wonderful sleep I just had.”
“Same,” Dustin added. He and his brother ambled to where Johnny and Ryan stood, looking out at the curved space of the universe.
“We’re far away from NYC now,” Sam said. “Just look at that.”
“How about you?” Johnny asked. “How you holding up?”
“It’s basically unexplainable,” Sam answered. “I really love that we’re in space and all, but honestly, I’m kind of nervous and petrified. It’s a lot of information and scenery.”
“A lot of everything,” Dustin added. “This is not how I envisioned my life. R.I.P. my daily log-in record.”
Sam sighed, leaning on the wall next to Ryan. “I hated to leave... and not saying a word about it was the worst part.”
Johnny did not respond—he had felt the exact same. He chose not to initiate more conversation. The group of men simply watched the curvature of space-time warp constantly before them, stars and galaxies moving about like croutons in the soup of space. The steady hum of the Octavian’s engines provided a soothing background noise. 
“Remember that karate tournament three years ago?” Johnny asked. “The one nobody thought we’d win?”
“How can I not?” Dustin replied.
“Yeah, but we beat the crap out of everyone because we believed in each other,” Ryan said.
Staunchly, Johnny said, “Exactly. We’ll get through this, guys—together.”

CHAPTER 15
CONFLICTING DESTINIES

Ledarius flipped more glowing switches and dropped out of warp, the ship jolting forward as its speed reduced to zero. The engine purred as the others walked into the cockpit.  
“How’s it going?” Johnny asked, resting his arm on the co-pilot’s chair. He looked out to see the view from the Octavian’s cockpit. “W-What the hell is that?!”
“Holy shit!” Ryan exclaimed. A hive of smaller craft scurried about and around the Octavian.
“That is the Titan, the main freighter in Titan’s fleet,” answered Ledarius. Another sizable ship passed their view, but once away, the behemoth was in plain sight for all to examine again. It loomed above like some beast—a sleeping giant.
“Are you telling me you cruised us right up to his big Kahuna?!” Ryan replied.
“I think that's what he's telling us,” Dustin confirmed.
Jane turned to Johnny, who was awestruck and worried at the same time. “What are we going to do now?”
He gulped. “I know what we won’t do. We will not back down and we are definitely going in there.”
“I’m sorry, but when did you get so brave?” Sam asked. 
Before Johnny mustered a retort, a message transmitted from the Titan. “Greetings from Lord Titan! Please dock in 7P, be aware of light traffic. Thank you.”
“I guess light traffic means an entire throng to aliens, huh?” Dustin joked weakly. He checked everyone’s faces, but nobody laughed. “Damnit, a sour, untimely joke. Sorry all.”
The ship was gargantuan in size. The Tetra’s construction crews had shaped its frame like a diamond, only a sliver of room at the top constructed with only transparent material. Giant warp generators dominated on the opposite side. This monstrosity had a width of five miles, a depth of one mile, and a height of three miles. It resembled a whole city in space. As for the color, Titan had chosen a plain, deep gray. There was no need to be flashy when everyone knew who he was.
Ledarius taxied the Octavian to Dock 7P. The bay was swathed in a stark white color.
"This is... amazing," Dustin said, his eyes glued to the scene before him. "It's beautiful." 
"I have goosebumps," Sam chimed in. He was frozen still, overwhelmed.
"How is it beautiful?" Ryan snorted.  
"I see what you mean," Johnny replied. Each person absorbed the incredible view, as they weaved through traffic and into the bay.
Once parked, Johnny and the others fully prepared their suits. “All right Jane, just remember what you learned.”
“I'll try.”
“You'll have to. We can’t lose you.”
With those words, the team slipped on their ninja-like face masks.
The Octavian rumbled once. Then again. With each, Johnny and Jane both felt their hearts skip a beat. Here they all were—a bunch of humans, among a dozen species, in the flagship of—apparently—the most powerful being in the universe. Jane so badly wished her parents could have been here with her. Johnny, feeling the same, turned to see her face contorted in fear. 
He grabbed her hand in a comforting way. “It’ll be OK. Together, we are one.” The back door unlatched like a cargo bay, and a large soldier equipped with a humongous scythe stood, his stance threatening. He wore black armor and a helmet fashioned with an opaque face cover. He had to be at least seven feet tall.
“Greetings, people of Earth. I am Solis, now third-in-command,” he stated. “Titan has been expecting you. Come and witness the Justification.”
They were ushered to follow him, but Ledarius stayed behind. Dustin ran over to him. “I guess this is goodbye?” 
“It is, Earthling. It is. Godspeed.” He paused. “I hope to see you again one day.”
Dustin nodded. “We will, I know we will.” 
Ledarius nodded once and saluted as he turned away and boarded the craft.
The group passed by a variety of mechanical humanoids, who eyed them in curiosity. A profusion of small, medium, and large crafts—most oval shaped—stained the white of the bay. They turned into a hallway, only unlocked by Solis’s touch. Walking down its dimly-lit path, the only noise was the soft purr of the ship. The walls were striped with wires, glowing a sunny yellow. At the end, an elevator opened for them and the group stepped in with Solis.
“Showtime,” Johnny whispered to Ryan. They had already activated the energy banks in their suits. Each respective outfit illuminated in a specific color. Solis apparently thought nothing of it and maintained an ominously straight posture.
The elevator door closed and before long, quickly reached the apex. It opened, and a vast panoramic view of the universe entered their eyelids. A giant throne sat in the middle of the glass-enclosed room. 
Once they all stepped around the throne, Titan came into view. Arms crossed and staring out at the distant stars and galaxies, he appeared even larger in person. 
The big man unhurriedly turned his body, his armor dark blue—similar to theirs—with gold and white highlights. His bright red eyes shone, puncturing into their very souls. 
“Ah, yes. Johnny Sparks. Jane Cooper. Dustin Jones. Sam Jones. Ryan Slade. It is a pleasure to meet you. You need not fear. I have whom you seek.” 
“Oh, thanks,” Johnny said. Titan nodded. But even the nod sent shivers down Johnny's spine. Solis was big, but Titan was a monster. 
“So, uh, where is she?” Ryan asked Titan. The figure did not seem as evil as he had imagined. But those eyes.
 “Those suits are mine, by the way,” he said. “I don’t care if someone gifted them to you. They are still mine, as is the Energy now coursing through your very being.”
“Ooris?” Johnny replied.
“Yes. You, Slade, have been granted the ability of matter absorption. You can absorb and become anything you touch. Incredible.”
“Uh, I guess?” Ryan replied.
“I had a dream last night. You were in it,” Johnny said. “Were you influencing my dreams?”
“I was.”
“For what reason?”
“To prepare your minds.”
“For what?” Jane asked. She did not say what had happened on Azintea. That was an experience she could not reveal. His focus turned to her. 
“For the future, Jane,” he replied. “You see, as I told Adia, I will tell you. Mankind’s two main problems are ignorance and rebellion. Criminals rebel against the law. People rebel against enacting the greater good of the species. But ignorance trumps even that. Humans have a propensity to allow unknowledgeable people to rule over them. They themselves have allowed their minds to be taken over by technology. Phones, computers, and media of all kinds have prevented mankind’s advancement. Chief among these, friends. Friendship has become a malignant cancer for societies across the universe.
“Furthermore, the ignorance and materialist views baffle me. As the so-called prophet Hosea once said, ‘My people perish for lack of knowledge.’ This myopic vision of reality has proved to be an immovable, obstinate obstacle. I, Titan, am saddened by this—humanity could achieve heights no species in the universe has ever dreamed of. But, alas! Nevertheless, I will help them. I will be the way. Only through me can humanity finally set itself on the correct path. The right path. The path to freedom, advancement, and peace.”
Everything had changed so quickly. He’s right, but this is not good. “A-Are you going to Earth?” Johnny asked.  
“One day. Soon. Either Earth is the answer, or it is not. If not, I will bring the Justification nonetheless. It will become the blood and sweat of the Tetra! I will clean house of its evils by my purity. You can trust me.”
“Why?” he replied. “Let us help you. There must be a better way to do it, I’m sure.”
Titan laughed, yet narrowed his eyes. He looked amused and sad. “You are very wise, Johnny Sparks. In fact, you all are. I can feel it. But change is a one-way street. There is no ‘better way.’ That which you compromise to keep, you lose.”
Titan had spoken with such authority that they froze, bewildered. This was something that no one wanted to get themselves into. 
What just happened, Johnny thought. We were not prepared for this. Titan spoke of the very fate of humanity... of my mother, my father. What happened to simply picking up Rose Johnson?
Ryan and Jane both flinched. Ryan had been in a plethora of brawls, but no one resembled Titan. 
Dustin and Sam could not speak. The typical talking points, which might have worked on human sociopaths, would have no effect on this being. He was not really a sociopath, anyway.
“I know you are afraid, my children,” Titan said. “You must listen to me. You have a grand destiny. Due to the mysterious Z, you have been gifted abilities beyond imagination. You stand among a select few from the past millennia who were lucky enough to be granted Ooris. But if you misuse it, your destiny is lost. Join me. Join me, and we will Justify creation.”
Their legs turned to jelly. This was the moment of truth. Johnny glanced at the others, who were in frightened stasis. He gulped and weighed the options as Titan stared him down like a devil. 
But he remembered Jane’s vision. This was not the path. Maybe they were never supposed to retrieve Rose. Find Sonovan Lung.
“You’re so right,” he started. Titan did not smile but held the same expression. The others turned to him while he nodded, as if to say that it would all turn out fine. “But we came for Rose and we must find a man named Sonovan Lung.”
Titan’s eyes widened and he raised his head slightly. “Ah, Sonovan Lung. Sonovan Lung.” He shook his head in remorse. “Then, as I said, your destiny is lost.” Now he spoke malevolently.
“There is always a better way, Titan,” Johnny replied. “You are right on so many things. But I will not accept your methods.”
“Neither will I,” Ryan added.
“Me neither,” Dustin and Sam finally volunteered, simultaneously.
“Forget it,” Jane said, glad she had shown some courage.
Solis stood behind them, watching the scene unfold. Something was brewing. A conflict. 
“Ah, where have I heard that before?” Titan scoffed. “Are you calling yourselves heroes? Please do not. Heroes die. Many have fallen by my blade. I only helped their respective worlds. Why must they be so arrogant and rebellious?” 
“They were the only ones who knew your true nature,” Ryan said. “Now don’t make me ask again. Where is Rose?”
“I know you want to fight me, but I want to see your reactions. Justice!”
The elevator opened again and a masked person stepped out into the room. Ryan recognized the Oracle suit at once, with its dark red hues. “Rose!” he shouted in joy. He ran to her—maybe a journey across the stars was worth it. Justice unhooked her helmet, revealing her face. Her striking red hair draped to her shoulders.
“Ryan Slade. This is a pleasure,” she greeted in a tone absent of any emotion. Ryan’s joy snuffed itself out instantly. His smile faded, as did the others.’
Ryan was pissed. Provoked, he shifted and glared at Titan. “What have you done to her?” The others glared at him as well. 
He turned his face toward Rose, gesturing with his hand. “The perfect weapon. She will truly bring justice to many worlds. Her destiny is now fulfilled, as yours would have been. Like her parents, her species, and her world, she is now mine.”
“Not for long.” Ryan strode to the massive chair and squeezed. The metal left the chair and instead served Ryan, as he absorbed its molecular composition. The man grew and expanded, his body full of the metal. Solis watched, enthralled.
“Impressive ability, Slade. Justice, engage.”
Justice flipped the helmet back on her head. Ryan turned to see her shift to an attack stance. “Oh shit.”
She flung herself at him, eyes blazing. But Johnny ran and intercepted the hit, parrying the attack and forcing her back. Now Solis stepped in, taking out his weapon—an abnormally large scythe. Titan merely moved backwards to the window, set to engross himself in the scene. 
“Thanks man,” Ryan blurted. At that moment, Solis swept his reaper under Ryan, knocking him off his feet. Then he pounced on him, metal clanking on the floor like hammers. But Ryan was now prepared. He rolled back, stood up, and launched a huge punch at Solis, which sent him across the room and onto the floor. “Yeah, don’t try that again buddy.” 
Justice was up again. She attacked Dustin, punching and kicking. He blocked most of the attacks, but she had gotten a kick through his defense at the end. He buckled and she hit him with a palm strike. Luckily, by this time, Sam had crept up behind her. She elbowed him in the chest, pushing him back a great distance. Following up on it, Justice screamed in anger as fire blasted out of her hands. In order to offset the flames, Sam ejected his ice. The two elements canceled each other out, triggering a stalemate. 
“Sorry,” Dustin said. He concentrated his power, and at once the atmosphere in the room changed. Dustin focused the air onto Justice, and soon it accelerated to a speed of one hundred and twenty miles per hour. Titan merely seemed intrigued. The fierce, unrelenting gusts blasted Justice across the room, to become one flesh with the stone wall.
She pulled herself free. “Bad idea,” she retorted angrily. Concentrating her power, fire discharged from her mouth and hands like a demon. 
Jane stepped in and froze the flames in mid-air for as long as she could. Justice looked shaken that Jane had prevented her from striking. Noticing she couldn't hold it for long, Ryan ran in to guard the others, shielding their bodies from the vicious assault. 
Under the unbearably scorching heat, Ryan tried his best to contain the fire. “You had better get in there!” he called. The blaze rolled off his body as if repelled, but he still felt the force of the pure inferno. His strength gave the others time to prepare for another onslaught. 
Johnny looked behind them, and saw Solis approaching, with his scythe held ready like a grim reaper. Ready to confront him, Johnny bolted towards him. Solis tried to sweep him, but Johnny dodged it with ease, countering with a punch so fast Solis didn’t see it coming. He had prepared for it, though, because the reaper somehow folded on its shaft, protecting him from the strike. The punch landed on the shaft, and Johnny screamed in pain. However, it drove Solis to the ground, and he landed with a resounding thud. 
Now Johnny was pissed too. He circled, waiting for Solis to stand. Then he sprinted at him, elbowing his shoulder, kneeing his side, and smashing down with his other elbow onto Solis’s back, collapsing him onto the floor, which immobilized him for the time being.
Justice ceased her fiery attack and began instead to float with the aid of the fire discharged from her hands. It thrust her high off the floor, to the others’ amazement. 
“Wasn’t expecting that,” Dustin acknowledged, in reluctant admiration. 
Sam, however, jumped on the opportunity and shot more ice at her. She blocked it and countered with another blast of fire. Instead of Ryan providing a body-shield for the team, Jane decided to latch onto Justice herself. She did, and, once she had her in her grasp, she flung Justice out of the air like a paper airplane. The floor shook, but Justice was not finished yet. Titan’s weapon leapt into the air and crashed down again, creating shockwaves that swept them off their feet. Despite, the view of his downed compatriots, Ryan jumped up like a madman and sprinted to her.
“I’m sorry, Rose!”
“There is no more Rose!” she screamed in fury. 
“You will forgive me for this, I promise.” 
In one motion, Ryan smashed the floor, cracking it. This was his chance. He kneed Justice in the solar plexus, just hard enough to do the job. It sent her straight up into the ceiling. She smacked against it and fell back down unconscious. Ryan ran to catch her. Slipping her gently out of his grasp, he laid her on the floor. “Sorry for that.”
Titan stood, impressed with the fight. “An excellent battle! You even managed to immobilize two of my best fighters!” 
“And you’re next,” Johnny said, rubbing his knuckle that he had broken on Solis’s reaper.
From the end of the room, Titan telekinetically latched onto Justice, bringing her floating towards him. He examined her and then glanced at Solis, who had finally dragged himself upright. Titan sighed remorsefully. “You know, you just cannot trust anyone. You have to do everything yourself.”
Ryan scoffed. “Oh yeah? Like what, shithead?” 
Instead of responding, Titan raised his arm, and the group felt themselves floating. “Your powers are nothing compared to the power of the Titan,” he spat, his voice now deep and chalky. He closed his eyes. Their levitated bodies were thrust against the back wall and pinned there. “There is no escape.” He stomped over to them, Solis following. 
“No!” Johnny screamed.
“Let us go!” Jane yelled at him. She tried to resist with her own telekinetic power, but to no avail.
Ryan strained to escape his grip, despite the impossibility. 
“Now I will be forced to crush each and every one of you. My Justice was too weak to do the job, so, as usual, I will.” Titan stepped back and sneered, in preparation for a brief execution. 
Out of nowhere, Solis received word of a terrible occurrence. In the lower levels of the ship, a ruckus raged. Something had gone terribly wrong. “What?” he asked urgently, seeking a repeat of the warning. 
Titan glanced at him. “What is it?” 
“Someone has initiated the portal device.”
“Someone? Who?” 
“An unidentified individual.”
A few seconds later, the center of the room convolved and distorted. A large, rotating sphere burst forth. Titan looked on as its force and energy spread forth, bathing the room in black and cyan colors. He still held the heroes in place. 
“My lord, something is coming through the wormhole.” 
Titan narrowed his eyes. “It is him.”
“Impossible.”
“Step back, Solis.” Solis obeyed the command. 
Jane, still held against the wall, remembered her vision—especially the end—when Z had conversed with Sonovan. 
Why must I save them?
You would always save them.
She could not contain her joy. They would survive. “Guys, we were the ‘them’ in the dream!” Out of the wormhole stepped an imposingly dark, strangely human figure, with white, glowing eyes that beamed much like Titan’s. His appearance was almost celestial. The black-gray component of his body draped over his outline like a shroud, only small patches of tanned skin visible. 
Titan raised his head, narrowing his eyes further. “Well, well, well.” 
Johnny and the group, still pinned to the wall, had also identified this mysterious hero. Jane could not help but smile, for she recognized the figure from the information booth on Nexon and from her vision. In the end, they didn’t find him... he found them. 
“It is I, Titan. I have only come to take what belongs to me,” the figure said, fearlessly walking up to the battleground of the throne. His voice now had a very slight Oriental cadence to it. He was the polar opposite of how they had been—bold, unafraid, and confident.
Titan scoffed at the remark. “And yet, you are still as arrogant as you were all those years ago, Sonovan.”
“Ironic, coming from you.” In one motion, Sonovan Lung jumped twenty feet, the air rushing by his face. He slid into Titan, who collapsed. Using his core strength, the warrior jumped up again, his feet knocking into Titan’s face. The Emperor of the Tetra was shoved backward, startled. Finish the combo. Sonovan leapt like a cheetah and struck Titan in the chest with a palm strike. There was a resonant psh as the attack rammed Titan away. This caused him to lose focus and let go of his hold on the group, who crumpled to the floor. 
Once he gained a bearing, Sam promptly froze Solis’s legs in place. “That’s ice!” 
Dustin concentrated an air gust onto Titan, which shoved him onto the ground for the second time in a row. Johnny threw the team into the gravitational grasp of the wormhole. His adrenaline was through the roof.
“Rose, I will come back for you!” screamed Ryan, though she was still in an unconscious state. Sonovan followed them and, less than a minute after his arrival, the portal had closed, the small alliance managing an escape despite the improbability.
Watching their figures dissipate, Titan stood up, eyes ablaze and ready to kill. He punched the wall, cracking it. Then he fell to his knees in mental agony. “Lung!” he roared, telekinetically tearing out parts of the ceiling. The fragments crashed to the ground, sparking upon impact. “Lung!”

CHAPTER 16

REMINISCENCE


Sonovan Lung and the group exited the Einstein-Rosen Bridge on a cool, dark planet hundreds of light-years from the Titan. The weather promised doom and gloom. Rain fell sadly and without relent. The gravitational field was not as prevalent as that of Nexon, only a little stronger than Earth’s gravity. 
Sonovan had built a hideout on this world, known as Herook. The ecosystem only produced plants and alien animals, but no intelligent life. Sonovan clearly did not wish to be found. He had left everything: his planet, his species, and his people. 
Titan had wanted his soul to be tortured and his mind to undergo deterioration. Thus, his current predicament served as his penance—his ultimate destiny. No more, as Titan had declared, could he terrorize and inhibit the negotiation and aid Titan brought to planets and their inhabitants, although some could say there never really was any negotiations. 
The hideout sat in the mountainous region of the planet, with the mountains providing natural camouflage. Their landing spot was clearly on one of the taller mountains, as the air was noticeably thinner. A thin layer of snow blanketed the peaks as far as the eye could see.
As soon as they dropped out of the wormhole, Sonovan limped to the hideaway’s door. The rest followed, unsure of what to do next. 
Ryan was angry. He had just left Rose there, on the ground, unconscious. How could he be so stupid? Why hadn't he grabbed her, freeing her from Titan’s grasp?
Opening the door, the ancient warrior shuffled across the dark room inside. Paying no heed to his new followers, Sonovan strode on to a far door, leaving the people he just rescued standing around, bewildered and puzzled. He shut the door behind him. They heard a bolt thunk firmly into place.
“What the hell?” Sam objected. “He’s just going to leave us here?”
“I don’t know,” Johnny responded. The thunder lent an ominous background to the already dismal place, high above the valley floor.
“What are we going to do?” Jane asked anxiously. Johnny activated the Edge VX’s illuminative extras, and the white serrated stripes on his suit once more glowed azure. He didn't activate bulb mode this time, as his eyes adjusted quickly to the dim light. Looking about, there was nothing much to see in the dingy hideaway.
“What are you doing?” Dustin asked.
“Investigating my surroundings,” Johnny answered. His thoroughly wet feet left watermarks on the ground.
The green-lit Ryan ambled through the sullen, blue-hued darkness to the closed door. Placing his ear against it, he tried to hear a sound, but no noise had been emitted since the moment Sonovan had barred it. “This is not going the way I had thought,” he grumbled, turning away from the locked entry.
Walking back, Ryan found a place to sit among the others. The former college students all awkwardly sat looking at each other, not knowing what else to do. They sat like this, in extreme confusion and misery, for nearly thirty minutes, sometimes pacing aimlessly or staring out into the gray expanse of rain. Eventually, Dustin spoke.
“What the hell happened back there?” he exclaimed, finding a seat and sitting again. “I’m bamboozled.”
“Don’t ask me,” Sam responded, cracking his spine methodically. 
“I think we'll find out soon enough,” Johnny answered. His face was scuffed with dirt and a few cuts. 
“All I know is that these things sure as hell do protect us,” Dustin said, patting his suit like a favorite pet. “I think I had told her one too many jokes. Rose was really pissed.”
Unbeknownst to them, Sonovan had stealthily unlocked his door. Standing in the dark corridor, he inspected them and their attire curiously. These... children? How could they possibly be so important, he thought. “Who are you?” he whispered suspiciously.
They all jolted, surprised, and whipped around to stare at him. “Who are you?” retorted Johnny defiantly. 
Narrowing his eyes, Sonovan answered quietly, “I am Sonovan Lung...”
“I figured it was you,” Ryan said. 
Jane smiled at Sonovan. “You saved us. Just like how he told you to.” As he took a step closer, the team could see his face properly now—his human face. No longer was it concealed by the dark, almost cyan, shroud. He looked like he was of Mongolian or Japanese descent—tall, with a firm build mostly hidden by his maroon-colored long-sleeved shirt. A blue-gray garment covered the rest of him. Though his appearance was Asian, Sonovan's eyes seemed different somehow. 
Sonovan sat on a chair, pondering the events that had transpired. “Who are you?” he repeated. “Where are you from?”
“We are from Earth,” Johnny replied. 
This surprised Sonovan, who placed his finger on his chin in contemplation. “That is a word I have not heard in a horribly long time.”
“Are you human?” 
“Indeed.”
“How did you save us?”
“Every one of you has such a grand destiny. How about you grab a chair and listen?” Sonovan told them his story, and the tragedy of his past. 
“Once, I was a samurai, but a haughty one at that,” he started. “After I abandoned my fellow men, I spent my days wandering the hills. During this time spent as an itinerant man, I discovered a cave. Inside it I found a portal, which I have come to know as the Xun. In my rebellious state of mind, I broke through the Xun and the energy inside it erupted, opening a portal to another realm: the Shadowverse. That outburst granted me immortality, but also released an army of beings.” 
Sonovan now stood, staring out at the window, looking out at the mountainous view, thousands of feet above the ground. The planet’s parent star was setting in the west, its rays shining through the clouds. The downpour had finally ceased. “In my effort to destroy the intruders and rid the planet of their presence, their master, Titan, took my fiancé Aiko. Worse yet... we had already planned to go through ren’ai.”
“Wait, you had a fiancé?” asked Jane.
“Yes. She and I grew up near each other and, in time, she was delighted to become a fellow samurai with me. But after arriving in the other world, Aiko was taken from me by Asterion, the previous Voir to Titan... before Solis. Some time passed until I encountered another Voir, named Solace. I did not know at first, but Solace was Aiko. Titan had taken over her mind, and she only did his bidding.”
“Just like Rose,” Ryan interrupted, turning to the others. 
“Who?” Sonovan asked.
“Rose. She is our friend. Titan tricked us and took her, just like he did with your fiancée Now, only this 'Justice' remains, I guess.”
Sonovan’s eyes were distant. “It is happening all over again, then.”
“Finish your story, please,” Jane begged gently. 
“Very well. I never realized, until too late, that the Xun was no typical portal. It was a time-warped anomaly, created by rips in space-time. This is how Titan arrived in this universe. My deed created a time vortex, while I was exposed to the full power of the Shadowverse itself.”
“Are you serious?” Sam asked, dumbfounded.
“Yes,” Sonovan answered, nodding once. “This opened a time portal from this universe into the Shadowverse, which is how Titan crossed over into this universe. It had reached back nearly seven hundred years. Which means, by the time I had opened the Xun, Titan had already been here seven hundred years, building the Tetra. So technically, he crossed before I was born.”
“Wait,” Johnny interrupted, “you’re saying you time traveled and created all this?”
“That doesn’t make any sense,” Ryan added. “Which came first? You opening the portal or Titan coming here?”
Sonovan grinned slightly. “Neither. Each event is dependent upon the other. It would always happen.”
“So it’s some kind of loop,” Jane concluded. “Right?”
“You are correct.”
“So let me get this straight,” Dustin cut in, “You and that Xun thingy reached back in time across two universes? And that’s how Titan got here?”
“Yes, excellent work. It took much intellect to understand.”
Dustin beamed with pride. “Hehe, I’m smart.”
“But please, there is still more. I discovered friends in this new world, across various star systems throughout space. Many of the inhabitants were technologically advanced—far more than anything human civilization had ever aspired to in my time. 
“I met Titan face-to-face. He banished me, but this led to my acquaintance with Zydok, a member of a species with incredible wills. It had been said their will could challenge even Titan’s psychic abilities. So, I traveled with him, along with a few others, and he taught me things. In fact, one technology his civilization designed was the ability to time travel.”
“Time travel? Like, intentional time travel?”
“Yes. It’s possible, as you have seen and heard, even though I have not tried it myself.”
“What happened to him?”
“After I— no, after we, The Shadows—defeated Titan’s army, Titan forced me to fight Aiko.”
“The Shadows?” questioned Johnny. “Who are they?”
Sonovan shook his head. “Later.”
“Did you defeat her?” Sam asked. 
“Yes. Titan had tested a new technology on her. She became his guinea pig.”
“Just like us,” Johnny whispered to the others. 
“The only one left was Titan himself. He threatened me and my planet, saying that my deed would pave the way to thousands of worlds who would have no defense against his Justification.”
“And I take it you defeated him?” questioned Ryan.
“We did,” he answered, nodding. “It was my crowning glory. Aiko was released from his mental clutches. Soon after, his Tetra—the Old Empire—began to crumble. Many worlds were set free from his tyranny. For five hundred years, peace reigned.”
“Then what took place?” asked Jane.
“The resurrection.”

* * *

The throne room was in ruins. Titan stood up and turned back to Justice, who had just woken from her unconscious state. 
“What happened?” she asked, rubbing her head.
“You lost. You failed. You failed to take them out.”
“Where did they go?”
“With the enemy.”
“How is that possible?”
“Someone hacked the ship’s wormhole machine. A bridge opened to Lung, and he came. He took them from me, seconds before I was about to crush them.”
“Shall I search for them?”
“No, it is too late for that.”
“Then what must we do?”
“Come, Justice.” She limped to him. “As for your fight, you did well, at first. But then something happened. You got distracted. I could sense your concentration slipping—lagging. After everything I have taught you, how could you get distracted? What could possibly take the place of defeating your enemies?”
She looked to the floor and then back to his face. “I do not know, my lord.”
“Well, I do. When you arrived here, I thought I had cured you of your human disease. But it appears Rose Johnson is still alive in there. You know it to be true.”
“Well then, what should I do?” 
“Destroy her past.” Justice clenched her teeth. “Starting with that pathetic excuse for a father figure.”
“No! I will not!” she retorted.
“You must, my dear. There is no other way. It must be done. In doing so, you will fulfill your future and rid yourself of your human mind.”
“Henry is an innocent man.”
“Yes, he is. But he has now become an obstacle in your destiny—inhibiting you from achieving your full potential. When he is gone, there will be nothing else barring you from what you can become.”
Justice raised her gaze from the floor, a new determination stamped on her face. “I will do what I must, my lord.” 
Titan smiled. “Excellent. Expect my order for us to create a bridge to the place you had come from. You will find your 'father' and eliminate him. In the meantime, I must deal with Hallux myself.”

* * *

“For nearly five centuries, there was peace,” said Sonovan, “Until half a millennium ago, when it all began.”
“Wait a minute. How long have you lived?” Ryan asked.
“A millennium,” Sonovan clarified.
“What?!”
“Holy shit dude,” Dustin exclaimed. 
“You’re more than one thousand years old?” Sam asked, shocked.
“You look great,” Johnny said insincerely. 	
Jane rolled her eyes. “Don’t mind them. What happened then?”
“An unknown man rose up from among the unknown star systems. He sought to free Titan from his prison. As you may have heard, Ooris is the source of our power. I have been told you have powers as well.”
“And how you do you know that? In fact, how did you know we were in danger at all?” Johnny asked.
“A bionicle came to me. I do not know who he was or how he found me, but the person told me about you, and that I must save you from Titan. I required much persuasion, but in the end, after spending hours here, he pushed me to agree. You owe your lives to him.”
“Wait, what?!” Ryan exclaimed. “Who?”
The brothers leaned in.
Johnny pondered the news for a second. It can’t be. “Was his name Z?”
“Yes, in fact, it was. Do you know him?”
Johnny glanced at the others. “Let’s just say we’ve met him before. He was the guy who gave us these.” Johnny showcased his powers, running laps round the room. Ryan revealed his as well, as did Dustin and Sam. Jane flaunted hers by raising Sonovan off the floor. 
“Impressive. I am intrigued. You were lucky enough to receive just enough Ooris to obtain specific abilities and not too much, to become like me—a pure Ooran being.”
“What did Z wear?” 
“He wore a metallic suit. He spoke to me and told me you were in danger and are the only hope of the universe. I listened and followed his instructions. And now we are here, together.”
“Just like my vision,” Jane interrupted. “It happened exactly how I saw it.” Sonovan turned to her inquisitively, beckoning her to explain. “I had a vision. I saw you, Titan, Z... everyone. Who were Orslon and Zydok? That V guy?”
Sonovan stepped back, caught off guard. Those names. He had done all that was necessary to leave them behind, but they would torture him forever. “How do you know of them...?”
“Who were they? And when?”
Sonovan wiped every ounce of expression from his face. His eyes had ventured far away again. “From a time long gone.”
“Anything else?” Ryan added.
“Nothing for you to know at this time.”
“Will you tell us?”
“When I see fit.”
None of it made sense. Why would he save them? Why would Z help?
“Z is our little guardian angel, honestly,” Dustin said. 
“Yeah, uh, I don’t think so,” Johnny said.
“Dude, he has been helping us ever since we met him,” Sam retorted. “What is your problem? He only wants to help!”
“How do you know that?” 
“Because! When has he not helped us?” 
“Whatever.” Johnny shrugged and turned away obstinately.
Sonovan continued, his back to the now cloudy sky behind him. The Sun and the thick layer of clouds were fighting for dominance now. “Anyway, the man who would free Titan somehow connected to the Ooran realm, which we call the Shadowverse. It is a parallel universe opposite our own, and with many differences. It is full of Ooris. The Energy can cross between the worlds. You see, these two universes are vibrating at different frequencies in a higher dimensional reality.”
“Yup, multiverse theory,” Johnny noted.
“M theory too,” Ryan added.
“English?” Jane requested.
“Oh, multiverse theory is somewhat based on superstring theory,” Johnny replied. 
“What?”
Sonovan sat back, observing the group, amused.
Ryan face-palmed. “What he meant to say is this: M theory is a theory explaining multiple dimensions of space. It is a scientific elucidation of the possibility of solving quantum gravity, and thus a unified theory of physics, also known as the ‘theory of everything.’ It says that eleven dimensions exist, and another variant states potentially twenty-six dimensions exist in the bulk.”
“Hold the phone. What is ‘the bulk’?” Jane asked.
“It is a higher dimensional reality,” replied Johnny. “The universe consists of more dimensions of space than what we see. But those extra dimensions are unable to be accessed by beings like us.”
“And how does any of that correspond to the multiverse?” a baffled Dustin asked.
“Because superstring theory allows for extra dimensions, which perhaps lead to extra universes outside ours,” added Ryan.
“All thanks, in part, to Michio Kaku!” Sam exclaimed, laughing.
“Where’d you learn all that?” Jane asked.
“Johnny,” Ryan said. “He loves astronomy, astrophysics, the whole shebang.”
“Anyhow, the soon-to-be Solis brought Titan back,” Sonovan interrupted. “To this day, I am still not sure how he did it. My conclusion is that when I defeated Titan, I had never truly eliminated his spirit. The spirit of an Ooran being is impossible to destroy. He can only be sucked into the Shadowverse, becoming one with it. The only way to destroy people like you, with partial connection, is to sever the head from the body.”
“Uh... OK,” Dustin responded, a bit uncomfortable. 
“Had to get that in-depth?” Ryan responded. 
“And how do you make sure he never, ever, gets out?” Johnny cut in.
“I do not know.”
“Great. So, he’s basically unkillable,” Ryan groaned.
“Then what?” 
“It was years before I knew what had happened. Titan had already begun the recreation of his empire. One by one, worlds fell to his blade. As before, he enslaved some inhabitants, killed all rebels, and brought the whole of society under his rule. Once I began hearing the whispers, no words could describe how I felt. From the dead, he had risen again. My wife, Aiko, begged me to not go.” 
“You married Aiko?” asked Jane. “And how was she still alive after all those years?”
“The Ooris. It originates in the Shadowverse. Titan infused it into her when he controlled her mind. A partially-connected Ooran being can live for a millennium, while fully-connected ones, such as myself and Titan, are immortal unless killed by another fully-connected Ooran being. And yes, because she was one-of-a-kind, and we understood each other. Sometimes I was convinced she knew me better than I knew myself. She told me to run. To hide. But if I had killed him once, I could kill him again.” Sonovan relived the dreadful, tragic memory. It made itself known for the thousandth time. It felt like yesterday.

CHAPTER 17
ANCIENT EXILE

A wormhole had opened in Sonovan’s village. He knew what was coming. Solis appeared with a dozen ships: some small, others gigantic. Like a sheep led to the slaughter, Sonovan took the bait and ventured into the cosmos, towards Titan’s pristine ship, the aptly named Titan. 
Titan gazed out at the cosmos as Sonovan was led in. This was a moment that would go down in infamy—a risen lord and his arch-nemesis meeting again. Sonovan thought he saw death itself before him. When Titan finally turned around, the two stared at each other, not saying a word for long minutes, which felt like an eternity.
“It has been an exceedingly long time—has it not? Not even death can defeat me, Sonovan! And now, not even you.”
Sonovan scoffed at the remark. “You are wrong, Titan. If I beat you once, I can do it again. The universe will never again witness your tyranny.”
“Ah, Sonovan, have you learned nothing? You have not heeded my words! Lightning never strikes twice!”
“Says the man who still has wires in his head.”
“You don’t like them? They’re not necessary. They just make me even stronger. Strong enough to finally destroy you.”
Sonovan remained silent.
“Fine. Let us get on with it.” Titan backed into a fighting stance. Reaching out with his arm, he grabbed a giant two-handed sword, nine feet high and two feet wide. Later, telekinesis and telepathy would eradicate the need for him to carry such a weapon.
Sonovan unsheathed his composite swords, known as the Vorson Swords. Composed of multiple layers, the Vorson Swords were colored dark gray, and each layer of the blades folded over the one before it, creating the illusion of many pieces.
“How cute! The weapon Zydok donated to you! Did I mention he has been slaughtered?”
This statement caught Sonovan off-guard, since he had known Zydok well. A good being, he was the last of a species which Titan had annihilated years prior. He had also been the founding member of The Shadows. “What did you do?!”
“I found him. Apparently, he is almost worshipped. Now, he can join the rest of his annoying race.”
“I will exterminate your essence from reality!”
“We shall see.”
Sonovan whipped his weapon into motion, verifying it was still functional. He then focused Ooris into the weapon, charging it with the full power of the Shadowverse incarnate until it dripped with the Energy. Titan did the same and picked his weapon up, then stood in position, awaiting an attack. The combatants were ready.
While millions of stars and galaxies hung in the background, Sonovan made the first move. He leapt into the air, his first combo a flying side-kick followed by two slices with his sword. Titan blocked the strikes with frightening effortlessness, countering with two massive swings of his own, which pushed Sonovan back and allowed Titan to take the initiative. He lifted his leg into the air and stomped with every ounce of his might. The vicious attack missed Sonovan’s knees by only inches. But, this opened a weak spot—Titan’s legs. Seizing the opportunity, Sonovan kicked his lower leg, eliciting a grunt. He then spun and hit Titan with another hard kick to his leg. Titan was shoved towards Sonovan’s left. Another opening. Sonovan spun in the opposite direction, landing his sword on Titan’s side. He struck twice. The penultimate move of the brutal and well-timed combo was a thrust kick, which had the necessary power to thrust Titan thirty feet away. He finished it by leaping the full distance with a superpowered punch to Titan’s face, which flung the Emperor of the Tetra into the wall.
“I felt that,” Titan grunted as he grabbed his face, shocked to discover blood once again. “But my time in the Shadowverse granted me a new and increasingly useful ability.”
“And what might that be?!”
“Fear will now envelop your very being.” Titan reached out and telekinetically grasped Sonovan by the throat. He tried to escape the grasp, but it was no use. Now in control, Titan dragged Sonovan toward his arms. His throat landed in Titan’s hand. “If you can only know how long I have waited for this.” 
It was now his turn. Titan kneed Sonovan in the gut before throwing him in the air. On his way down, he fell straight onto the hilt of Titan's sword. Sonovan had prepared for this, shifting his own sword into a defensive position, that partially protected him from the full power of Titan’s brute strength. 
A thunderous, bone-chilling bang resonated as the hilt of Titan's sword hit the Vorson Sword’s blade. The strike sent Sonovan tearing through the air before smashing into the wall. But Titan had not finished. He raised his arm again and brought Sonovan back before flinging him into the wall once more, knocking the warrior unconscious. 
After fifteen minutes, Sonovan awoke from his unconscious state. He sat up with difficulty, the pain swelling. Something must have been broken. Yet he quickly healed due to his pure Ooris, and the pain slowly subsided.
Yet, Titan had waited for him to awaken, standing only a short distance away. “You could never fully understand my machinations, Sonovan. As I conveyed to you all those years ago, your world teeters on the edge, unaware its Justification draws near. And through your failure, I will discover an infinite number of worlds—worlds that will be forever changed and forever justified in the sight of the creator.”
“Earth is your next target.”
“No, it is not. I am sure it will be centuries before I claim Earth for myself. My primary mission is to rebuild the Tetra. Then, and only then, will I bring Earth under my command. Unless it is the key that I have searched for since the beginning of my quest. “What key?”
“Given who I am talking to, I will keep that information to myself.”
“I will fight you, no matter the cost.”
“Actually, you will not. I have a backup plan for that. Solis!”
The armored Voir strode in. In his arms was an unconscious Aiko. Sonovan’s eyes filled with fear and hatred. He could not let them commit this horrific act. “No! Please... she is innocent! Take me instead! Do it! Snap me in half! Subject me to torture! But do not hurt her!”
“No, Sonovan. I will not. This is your penance. I want so badly to kill you, but because of who I am, I won’t. Your plea for torture is rejected. You see, bodily torment and execution would end your suffering. But torment of the mind—of the soul—that is the greatest and most effective mode of lasting anguish. I know you feel hatred. I felt it during all of those years imprisoned—but not anymore. Revenge is mine, and mine alone. And today, I will receive my due.”
“Please! Please, I will do whatever you ask,” the broken hero begged. His heart began to race. He feared the worst. Was this the end?
Titan's voice took on a deeper tone. “How quickly you change! One moment you will fight me no matter what, the next you beg for mercy. I am afraid there will be no debate.” With that, Titan pushed Sonovan into the wall. “And now your hell begins.” Titan laughed. “And you thought you were a legend. How naïve.” 
In one swift motion, Aiko's soft and fragile neck was snapped. “No! No! No!” screamed Sonovan. He wailed as he ran to her. “Aiko, please! No! What have you done?!” 
“I am truly sorry, Sonovan. But it had to be. Your hell now begins. Here is my justice. I will transport you to a planet and spare your life. You will live there for the rest of your days. I will have various kinds of technology brought with you to ensure your survival, but it will all serve my greater purpose. You will be able to observe as I destroy everything you created, and rebuild everything you took from me.”
Sonovan simply sobbed, holding the lifeless body of Aiko in his arms. Titan signaled for Solis to open a breach. Solis threw many kinds of technology into the portal, including computers.  Then, using his mind, Titan hurled Sonovan into the spherical wormhole.
After many years, at long last, he had defeated his nemesis. His revenge had come.
Solis walked to Titan, who gazed at the spot Sonovan where had been. “Do you expect the loneliness to kill him?”
Titan shook his head and turned to the expanse of the universe, triumphant. “No, for he welcomes it. It is the absence of something to fight for that will drive him mad.”

* * *

They hadn't expected the story to be so gruesome and tragic. “I am so sorry,” Jane consoled. “You must be the loneliest person in history.”
“How have you lasted all this time?” Johnny asked. “Why did you not end it all?”
“Because I had a feeling my destiny still awaited me. The universe, the Oora, was not finished with me yet.”
“What else do you owe to the universe, Sonovan? You already did all you could!” Ryan said. 
“I am usually a tough cookie, but that story hit me right in the feels,” Dustin sympathized. “I’m sorry for your loss.” He placed his hand on Sonovan’s shoulder.
“I am too,” Sam complemented, adding his hand.
“Thank you, heroes. It has been so long since I have had a conversation with someone. I used to communicate with Zydok, Orlson, and Venarian—before they died, of course. But as I said, Zydok was executed. Still, as with everything Titan touches, his death was not in waste. There have been whispers Titan has acquired the ability to time travel.”
“Whoa, slow down. Now you’re saying he can possibly time travel?” Ryan replied. 
“You can’t be serious.” 
“Like I said, only a rumor. And he would need a significant amount of energy to ever accomplish such a feat.” 
“Didn’t scientists say time travel is impossible?” Sam asked, turning his head to Johnny. “I remember the professor saying something about that.”
“Yeah, but what do we know? People think they can comprehend everything that happens, but I don’t think humans ever will, you know?”
“Too true,” Dustin chuckled, ruefully. 

* * *

“My lord, Commander Ace has prepared your ship,” Solis notified Titan, as he stood in the empty, quiet throne room. He wore thick, black armor and an opaque helmet. His voice sounded almost steady and rigid. Titan stood like the emperor he boasted as, a foot behind the transparent enclosure which permitted him a staggering view of the universe.
“Finally, some good news!” Titan replied.
“The trip to Hallux will be a short one, my lord. Approximately fifteen hours.”
“Well then, shall we depart?”
“Certainly.”
On the way to his smaller ship, Solis turned to Titan. The gigantic docking bay constantly emptied and refilled as ships passed to and fro around them. Some soldiers froze at the sight of the Voir, and more at the sight of Titan himself. “Has she arrived back on Earth?”
“Yes, she has,” Titan answered.
“And she will kill him?”
“Indisputably.”
“Your wisdom exceeds the highest heavens, my lord.”
Titan brushed off the reverential remark complacently. He kept marching to his ship. “Disregard courtesy, Solis. If it were not for your heroic qualities, I would never have returned. Because of Sonovan Lung, you heard my legend, and you alone acted.”
“Thank you, Titan.” Solis nodded once at a soldier who was positioned like a tree next to the craft’s metal steps. One thousand soldiers boarded the Invader I, along with Titan and his Voir. The two had been through it all. A mere group of super-powered rebels would not stop them now.

* * *

Justice had journeyed through the wormhole to Earth. It had been a while since she smelled the life-giving air of the blue planet. Putting on the coat Titan had provided for her, she blended into her surroundings. No one even looked twice at her. 
After a few hours walking, she arrived at her home. Henry sat at his table, praying, for he was a religious man. He had not slept since his daughter had left for her mission. Justice knocked on the door. It opened, and her eyes met Henry’s. 
“Greetings, Henry.”



CHAPTER 18

THAT WHICH IS NECESSARY


The group stood gathered like a church congregation in the main room of Sonovan’s refuge in the mountains of Herook. There were plenty of windows, along with a well-placed, open entrance to the cliff outside, which overlooked the hills and valley below, all the way out toward the horizon. The rain had ceased, paving the way for a wonderful breath of chilly air to fill the hideout.
    “What do we do now?” started Sam. “We can't just stay here and do nothing!”
“You must be trained,” Sonovan answered.
“Yeah, well, I am a second-degree black belt,” Dustin responded. “So are the others. I doubt we need any kind of help in that field.” Without warning, Sonovan stood and fastened his hand on Dustin’s throat. He then slipped his left leg behind Dustin’s and swept. “Whoa what the f—” Dustin yelped, as he landed on Sonovan’s back, lying on his hips for a split second before being flipped onto his stomach. 
“Do you still consider yourself prepared?”
“Obviously. I meant to do that!” he puffed.
The others, including Sonovan, laughed. “Of course, Sonovan! What do you think? Didn’t you see how prolific of a fighter he was just then?” Ryan heckled, howling with laughter. 

* * *

Henry’s eyes went wide. “Rose! It is you! My prayers have been answered!” he exclaimed, joyfully. “I thought I had lost you. Please, sit down!” He led her in, moving papers and things strewn around. After he closed the door, he made his way to her, waiting eagerly to hear of her adventures.
“Thank you, father.” She found a place to sit. It was the first chair she ever sat on, back when she had first learned to walk. “There is something I must tell you, father.”
“Anything, my daughter. Anything. I want to hear everything.” He sat on the chair nearest hers. 
Justice drew her knife under her robe. 

* * *

“Great, so... when do we begin?” Johnny asked Sonovan, who had stood and ambled towards his kitchen. 
“How about now?”
“Oh OK, I just... but, what are you doing?”
“Making our meal, Johnny.” Though Sonovan ate food now and then, consumption was not a necessity for him. The pure Ooris in his veins supplied him with an energy that food alone could never supply. 
“Uh, what kind of meal?” Ryan asked, turning to Sonovan while in his chair. “I really hope you don’t ea... you know what? Nevermind.”
Five minutes passed and Sonovan entered the meeting room again, this time carrying several dishes of food like a chef. “Here, have this. One for each of you. It is the meat of the mountain animals that live in these parts. On the side is some vegetables the animals consume.” 
They stared at Sonovan as he laid the food on the table. It had been cooked to a wonderful brown color, and he had sliced each piece in a circular formation. 
“Uh, yeah, I don’t know if I—”
“It’s good! Try it! It is comparable to cooked deer!”
They each had blank faces. “I have never had deer,” grumbled Dustin. 
“Neither have I,” Ryan added. The rest nodded in agreement. 
Sonovan rolled his eyes. “It is delectable. Just try it.”
Dustin glanced at Ryan with a mischievous smile. “Eat it,” he said in his own iteration of a villainous tone. “Eat it now.”
“I shouldn’t,” Ryan feigned a swoon.
“Do it!”
“Ugh, fine!”

* * *

The knife had been drawn. Now she waited for the time to strike. It must be done, her mind told her. But she feared she wasn’t strong enough to do the deed. She looked into Henry’s blue eyes and at his gray hair-stubbed face. He looked at her with such kindness and interest, as he always had—even in her darkest times. He did not foresee what would soon unfold. 
“Rose, where did you get that robe?” Henry asked, touching the fabric. “It is so tan!”
“Oh, a nice gentleman gave it to me. It turns out he is the true ruler of worlds. Our planet is only one of many that can support life. These other exoplanets are home to many kinds of species, but most of them would destroy themselves if it were not for Titan, our true emperor. He has saved nearly every advanced civilization in the galaxy, and it appears Earth’s incompetence, hatred, and prejudice has promoted it to the top of Titan’s list. After Hallux, Earth will be next. This planet I have called home for my whole life will be saved from its own inhabitants. Earth is a special one on the list, because very few planets, in fact, have religions so widespread and diverse. It is as if every human is searching for something beyond its comprehension. And now, he will come for us—to save us from ourselves.”
“This doesn't sound like the Rose I know.” His smile faded, and his expression turned serious. “I don't even understand what you are saying.”
“Your job is not to know,” she retorted, narrowing her eyes. “It is to accept.”
“That I will not, whoever you are.”
“The name is Justice, Voir to the Titan, savior of the universe.”
“From what I can hear, he does not sound like a good man. What has he done to you?!”
“He is most wonderful, gracious, and generous. There is none to compare to him in all of the cosmos.”
She whipped out the knife.

* * *

Ryan savored the taste. “Oh yeah, you cooked this good, Chef Lung,” he garbled as he chewed. “What’s the name of it?” 
“Aphelion Turm.”
Ryan paused in thought, half-expecting that the fancy name would amplify the taste. “OK.”
Close to twenty minutes were spent eating the Turm and cleaning up. After they finished, Sonovan stood up and motioned for them to follow him. “Now, we rest. Once you wake, I will begin your training.”
“Do you have a studio?” Johnny asked.
“A studio?”
“I mean, uh, a dojo? A place of training?”
“Ah, yes I do. In fact, we are in it now.”
“We are?”
“Yes. The room can be whatever you need it to be.”
“Uh, how so?” Dustin asked, confused.
Sonovan smiled at him. “There is no law which states against it.” Leading them out, he paced down the hall to find them a place to sleep. Sonovan led them to a room, where they found four sleep apparatuses, similar to those in Ledarius’s Octavian. 
“There are only four,” Ryan observed. 
“The rest will have to sleep on the ground.”
“I’ll sleep on the ground,” Johnny offered. “You guys can sleep in the cases.”
Ryan raised his eyebrow. “Wow, thanks for being a pal, Johnny.”
“Yeah man, thanks a lot,” Dustin complemented.
“I owe you one,” Sam said.
“Thank you, Johnny,” Jane enthused. “Thank you very much.”
He stared at her but did not have the courage to say anything more. “You are welcome,” he smiled. 
Dustin frowned and turned to Sam, whispering, “He didn’t say that to us.” Sam snickered.
Sonovan surveyed the situation, confused. “That is a very gracious thing you did for your girlfriend and your friends, Mr. Sparks.”
Johnny turned hastily, his face screwed up in panic. “Whoa, what?! I, uh, what are you... what?”
“Oh my gosh, no!” Jane exclaimed, blushing furiously.
“Not again,” Sam mumbled, closing his eyes wearily. I never asked to be plunked in the middle of a cringy Hallmark Christmas movie, he grumbled to himself.
Sonovan startled at the extreme response. “What do you mean? Aren’t you together?”
“No,” Jane stated timidly. Johnny was clenching his teeth, trying to think of something intelligent to say.
Ryan and Dustin could not stop snickering. Still confused, Sonovan prodded on with a question. “Why not?”
Jane did not answer and only huffed. Johnny was rubbing the back of his neck. “Uh... ”
“Yeah Johnny, aren’t you together?” snickered Dustin. 
“Shut up!”
A light bulb flashed in Sonovan’s mind. “Oh, I understand now! She is your helper like Aiko was for me!” he suggested, trying to comprehend this mystery.
Johnny rolled his eyes. “No, she is not my helper either. She is just, uh, a friend and a teammate.” Johnny enunciated the response more as a question than a statement. 
“That was an unclear response.”
“Uh, whatever, OK? Can we just move along and get some sleep?”
“If that is what you desire. I just figured you were together from how close in proximity you always are. And the chemistry is on the bright end of the spectrum as well.” 
Jane scurried to the case and locked herself in. Sam patted Johnny on the back. “Just a friend.”
“Yeah, where have I heard that before?” Dustin replied. 
“My advice? Don’t wait too long,” Sam added. “You will probably lose her then.”
“Yeah, well in case you didn't notice, we might actually lose our lives any day now,” retorted Johnny, rolling his eyes.
“Damn, so pessimistic.”
“No, it’s realistic.”
Sonovan snapped his fingers. “Enough chatter. Now you sleep. Johnny Sparks, a word, please?”
Ryan and the brothers locked themselves into the sleep apparatus. Sonovan escorted Johnny back to the main room for a very interesting conversation.

* * *

In one swift motion, the knife found the Henry's heart, plunging all the way through it. Blood seeped out as the knife severed organs, veins, arteries. “Argh!” he wailed. “No, Rose!” He held onto her arm for dear life. “Why? Why you?”
“I had to.” Her voice switched to that of Titan. “There is no more Rose Johnson, Henry. There is only Justice.”
“No, that is where you are wrong,” he murmured, trying to catch his breath. “In time, she will find her way back.”
The deep voice of Titan resounded as he controlled her mind remotely. “How can you be so sure, worthless nothing?”
“Because I know my daughter well,” he answered, struggling for a breath. “She... never goes down without a fight.”
“There is no fight, I’m afraid. That battle has been won, and you never stood a chance. No amount of love can overcome the will of the Titan.”
“Rose, if you are in there, never stop fighting. You hear me? Never stop! I love you.”
A single tear dropped from Justice’s eyes as she forced Titan out for only a moment. “I know.”
Henry’s eyes widened. “If you can hear me, whoever you are who is controlling her, this... this is the moment your downfall begins.”
Inside her mind, Titan did not respond. Henry died seconds later, falling to the floor, the breath of life evaporating from his body. Rose just watched.

CHAPTER 19
JUSTICE PREVAILS

Johnny found a place to sit inside the main room. Sonovan, fully covered in Ooris, sat next to him. Peace enveloped them and contentment kept both warm. Sonovan emanated both.
“You are a truly perplexing fellow, Johnny,” Sonovan started. “Are humans of the modern day all like you?”
“No, and that’s a good thing.”
“Why?”
“Eh, it’s just my personality, I guess. Sometimes, I wish I would be just another extrovert. Nope. INFJ.”
“INFJ?”
“Never mind.”
Sonovan nodded, dropping the subject. “The rest of the population? Are they similar to how I was when I was younger, or are they far better now? I assume the latter.”
Johnny shook his head, releasing a sigh. He looked into the far-off distance, past all the mountains, and to the vast horizon that stretched in every direction. “Yeah, you assume wrong.”
“How?”
“I don’t think they hold the morals and goodness you fought for anymore.”
“What has happened to society?”
“It’s like Titan said. They’re selfish and rebellious. Technology might have advanced it, but besides that, it has only brought distraction, among other things.”
“I see.”
“I might hate him, but the things Titan speaks of are scarily precise.”
“Yes, I understand,” he nodded, looking away. “He has always had a vast knowledge of the universe and worlds. Sometimes I wish he wasn’t always right. But he usually is.”
“Where does he come from?”
“I am not sure. A servant of his who I released, Torion, told me he perhaps came from a race of beings strong in Ooris, so it is possible he originated in the Shadowverse itself.”
“You said that place is a parallel universe?”
“Yes.”
“How do you get to it?”
“Only beings of true and pure Ooris such as Titan and I can see it. We have the power to walk between the realities.”
“Well, that’s neat.” For a minute, he thought. “How can we get Rose back?” 
“Since I experienced your current dilemma first hand, I can say without a doubt it will be difficult. For starters, Titan’s telepathic power is unlike anything I have seen. That is his original ability—the power to read and control the minds of others. To retrieve her from his grasp, you must sever the connection.”
“Well, how do you do that?”
“There is no way other than to disconnect the cord into his head.”
“Yeah, well that sounds way easier than it is.”
“Trust me, I know.”
“Then how?”
“You must shift his attention with a distraction. Now remember! If you somehow kill him before the connection is severed, her mind will be lost.”
“What? Why?”
“There is a mental bridge. If a bridge is cut in half while people are moving to and fro on it, all of them perish. The people must cross first, and then the bridge can be dismantled without fatalities.”
“Got it. You will be the distraction.”
“I know.”
“You did?”
“Yes. Plus, you and your friends aren’t very imposing or distracting.” He smiled. “And you don’t have an age-old rivalry with him either.”
“Yeah, you have a point there,” Johnny said, chuckling. “But, you said he has telepathic powers? Then what are those wires for? Why does he need them?”
“He doesn’t necessarily need them, but they amplify his psychic abilities to incredible heights. They strengthen him.”
“Oh,” Johnny replied. Great, he thought.
The black shroud covering most of Sonovan's body suddenly lifted and shifted into human skin-tones. Johnny was caught off-guard, “Whoa, what the hell?”
“A gift bestowed to me, as you know.”
“Awesome!” Sonovan's skin had turned tan, his hair raven, and eyes dark brown. 
“Wow, that’s sweet.”
“It is... sweet,” Sonovan replied in his precise, slightly Oriental accent. “Like Gujuman Tea.”
“Guju-what?” Johnny repeated.
Chuckling, Sonovan elaborated. “Gujuman Tea. A friend on Atheros made it for me. It has a lot of sugar in it. About six tablespoons in one cup, to be exact. Mind you, the Atherian sugar is three times the sweetness of Earth’s sugar. In fact, it is possible for some species to die from the sweetness.”
Johnny's jaw dropped. “What? Holy shit!”
“Yes. ‘Holy shit’ indeed. It is made for religious congregations in the hills of Atheros.”
Johnny laughed and looked at Sonovan, his arms now wrapped around his knees as he sat. “You know, you have a personality to you.”
“It emerges every so often.”
“That’s good.”
After this, the two sat without speaking once more. Desperately yearning for interaction, Johnny spoke again.
“Did you really have to say that stuff about Jane being my girlfriend?” he asked. “She isn’t one for big-deal stuff like that.” Sonovan laughed. 
“What brought you to that conclusion? I’ve come to realize people can handle ‘big-deal stuff.’ They only need to be allowed to.” Johnny stayed silent. “I had the same response you had once. You know, Aiko was my helper and a female samurai. She was a fierce warrior.”
“I know.”
“And over time, I saw the compassion she had for others. Who would have thought? A metalworker, a samurai, having such a tremendous heart, even though I used her creations to stab people in their hearts.” 
“Wow, that’s... gory.”
“And you two have something everyone craves in a relationship. It’s the building block of a good one.”
“What’s that?” he responded.
“Shared trauma.”
“Oh, wow. We don’t have shared trauma. And that isn’t a good building block. It’s definitely not what people crave.”
Sonovan shook his head. “Back in my day, it was. Maybe things have changed now. Nothing ever stays the same.” He paused. “Z said you did. He said everyone I would meet had shared trauma.”
“How would he know that?”
“I don’t know. Didn’t you tell me you knew him?”
“Well, not personally.”
“He sure knows you well. Very well.”
“Yeah, and I don't know how. He knows so much about us, yet I know squat about him.”
“He did not seem evil when I met him. And his suit was something I had not seen before.”
“Yeah? What’d it look like?” 
“I cannot even explain it. What I can say, though, is that it was fit for a god.” 
“Yeah, well, he's no god.” Johnny shook his head vehemently.
“Nothing in the physical universe we can see is a god. In fact, Titan himself despises the term.”
“Huh.” Pushing himself up from his position, Johnny stood. “We were going to search for you because Jane had that vision. Z did the work for us. It’s so damn strange.”
“It’s ironic. You wanted to find me, but instead I found you.”
You would always save them, Johnny recollected. He sighed, nodding twice. “Well, I’m going to get some rest. I suggest you get some too.”
“Excellent. When you awake, we will begin.”
“Sounds cool. What should I call you, by the way?”
“Sonovan is fine.”

* * *

The invasion vessel pierced through the blue skies of Hallux. Solis personally oversaw the graceful touchdown of Titan’s smaller invasion ship. After parking near the tallest skyscraper, a metal ladder descended from the ship and Titan stepped out, surveying the scene of thousands of shining, sky-high buildings everywhere in sight before descending. Solis followed his master, and twenty soldiers followed the third-in-command. Titan stomped to the entrance, and the governor of the sector met him. 
“Titan, it is a pleasure to meet you face-to-face.”
Even though the governor spoke with respect, Titan disregarded him. He pushed past and entered the premises, where a dozen governors sat around a large table. They at once ceased their discussions and froze, motionless upon his entrance. He pulled a chair out for himself but did not sit.
Spreading his hands on the table, he studied each of the expressions before him, searching their minds for even a speck of interest, but he found nothing.
Remorse was the main emotion he felt at the moment. Why should he waste his knowledge and expertise on such obtuse and prejudiced men? But one truth remained: he must never let a civilization go unattended. Until he found the answer to his search, that is.   
“We received your message, Titan,” said one. “We do not need your help. Now please, do not interrupt us.”
Such disrespect. Titan brooded over the assembly in a pensive mood. The leaders, resuming their discussions, tensed as the aura in the room darkened. Titan clenched his jaw at their vacuous ramblings. In truth, he wanted to kill them, but that would be for later. He despised politics. Politicians were among the worst kinds of leaders, in his opinion. I would rather criminals be in control than these brainless savages, he thought, irritated. Even criminals have honor—honor among thieves. 
One brave governor turned in his chair and faced Titan directly. “What is it you want? To take us over?” 
“No, I do not desire that,” he responded, glaring at said governor. “I want to help you. To eliminate that which you hate to lose.”
“Your help is not necessary, Titan.”
At this, the Emperor of the Tetra narrowed his eyes in disbelief. “Are you saying that the rampant disease, homelessness, starvation, injustice, and corruption in your government is acceptable? And more so, you tolerate it?”
“How much do you want?” one asked.
Titan slowly turned and focused his stern gaze towards the governor who spoke. “Tell me,” he said, “do you really believe that could work? On me?”
“You must be new to the political arena,” the governor scoffed. “Given enough credits and coin, it always works. Now... how much?”
Irritated would be an understatement. Titan stomped back to the round table. Even Sonovan Lung would never say such something so stupid, so downright evil. In fact, Lung saw these people just like Titan saw them—two-faced scum. “All these years you have lived on the backs of others. You think materials and money will arise as your saviors when the time comes. In fact, you trust in money as if it were some god. I, myself, can be labeled a beggar, for do you see a single coin or credit on me? Why am I not, then? Because I am one of the few who knows where true power resides, and that my destiny is far above any of your closed minds. 
“Foolish of you to think your accumulation of things translates to real power—you could never taste an iota of it, never feel its touch if it slapped you in the face! But luckily, you will soon have the rare opportunity to witness what real power looks like.”
The governors dared not answer this diatribe. They had not expected Titan to have known so much about their planet already. Defeated, each sat back on their chairs, fidgeting with their ceremonial robes. Their pride had been viciously assaulted. Titan growled, disgusted. “Your hypocrisy infuriates me—it vexes me! I will not permit your selfish, hypocritical minds to lead this potentially great civilization. Hallux will become the blood and sweat of the Tetra! Lush, sophisticated, pioneering! My world.”
“No, I will not allow it!” a governor burst out angrily. 
“Neither will I!”
“We will defend our planet with our lives!”
“Never!”
“Leave, Titan. Kill yourself!”
They stood, united in resistance. Titan smirked. “For a gang of hypocrites, you know how to put up a semblance of a fight. Would it be odd if I said I was hoping you would resist?”
“What are you saying?”
“This is what I am saying,” Titan retorted. “You are far too deep in your corruption to be of any use to me. Allow me to make a spectacle, and demonstrate my sovereignty—my superiority—over your weak minds.” They held up their arms defensively. “This will drain Ooris from me, but it is worth it. I will execute it this one time.” 
He bent low. The assembly froze in fear. Placing his finger to the side of his head, a blue glow emerged from his frontal lobe and enlarged into a bright sphere. Suddenly, the blue sphere shot light out in every direction, causing the weak, unfit assembly to collapse into momentary chaos. The room then descended into darkness and a terrifying silence, prompting Titan to draw himself up proudly. “Arise!”
The governors stood like mind-controlled zombies and lined up in rows of four. Solis smiled at the sight. Titan looked at him. “Their minds are now mine.” 
Each governor said nothing, their personalities and brains now warped to his will. They were now his to manipulate. “Ah, you see now, do you?” he asked the assembly, who only stayed in place. “I have reduced you down to the very core of your being—animal. Now... kill, like all animals.”
The men faced one another, eyes wild with horror. In mere seconds, the fighting had begun. Solis threw three basic swords into the melee and Titan stomped out in triumphant glory. He turned back once, to see them slicing each other to oblivion, blood pouring like freshwater rivers. Titan smiled as the door closed behind him and he left them to their own justice.

* * *

Justice left her childhood home, inwardly saying goodbye for the last time. Once she refastened her robe, she made her way to a wooded shelter nearby. On the way, her attention was diverted to a news program on a television in a store window. The headline read: Six Individuals Still Missing: FBI Opens Investigation. Then the news switched to Breaking News. This time, in bold letters, it read: “Scientists Baffled After Another Portal Opens.” The newscaster appeared on the screen.
“A few hours ago, what people are calling a ‘portal’ opened for the second time in only a few days. Something, or someone exited, and both the FBI and the entire scientific community have been looking into finding this person. This is a breakthrough in physics, because, as Dr. Clement Forston says, it is a proof of exotic matter and higher dimensions of space. Government agencies, and conspiracy theorists, have set up base at the location and are waiting for the mystery man or woman to reappear.” 
By this time, a crowd had gathered to watch the television. Several yards away, she spotted a man she recognized from the description Johnny had given her. He was staring right at her. It was Z. His angelically white hair blew in the wind, yet she could not make out his face. From the neck up, his appearance seemed distorted. She looked around at the people adjacent to her, wondering if they saw the same. But no one even noticed Z. She looked back to where Z had stood, but he was gone.
Get to the portal location, Titan commanded. It will be waiting for you. Do not be distracted.
Coat and all, she walked away and took off, finding a brush of forest to creep into. She looked back at the people, but then entered the woods’ embrace, disappearing inside of it.
After running continually for what seemed forever, she came to an open field. She leapt into the air, the fire erupting from her hands propelling her higher. The force of it was enough to rocket her through the skies like a fireball, through the white blobs and marshmallows of clouds, and to her ultimate destination.
She flew and flew like a fiery Superman. As she did, she looked down at the landscape below, passing by farms, towns, and industrial areas with huge factories.
After two hours of flying, her powers were spent. Even though her species did have the ability to harness the power of fire through Ooris, an extended period of this could drain the user’s strength. Thus, she resigned herself to walking the rest of the way. 
Fueled by adrenaline, Justice continued her trek, now walking through the country. To the right and left, grassy fields extended to the horizon. A vehicle or two would seldom pass her on the two-lane road. Alone, her only company was the night sky, which, thanks to the fact she was miles away from towns and cities, was the darkest she had ever seen. As a result, it seemed every inch of the sky was home to a speckle of light. She yearned to stop and simply watch the stars, but the voice in her head resisted that thought, prompting her forward. Magnificent, is it not? the voice, clearly that of Titan, asked. Among those stars is where you and I will rule. Among those stars—among the universe you see before you, we shall bring the Justification. 
Out loud, alone on the two-lane road, she responded, “And that makes me feel infinite, my lord.”
By 2 a.m., she had arrived at Montauk Point. Dozens of trucks, tents, and stations had been set up as people waited expectantly for another wormhole. Even NASA was among them. This event had clearly made world news. 
Many people were asleep, but a considerable number were not. Meandering through the boundary lines and tents, Justice tried hard to appear unsuspicious and invisible. Upon reaching her destination, she positioned her feet in the required location for her departure. 
Since Titan demanded her arrival by 2:20 a.m., she was right on time. A hellish rumble amplified from beneath the ground, and within seconds the entire camp had descended into a ruckus. Gravitational measuring systems went haywire, and the ground in front of her sank. Out of it floated a black sphere. 
People ran in every direction, snapping pictures like firecrackers in the night. Security, the FBI, and police ran to stop her, but it was too late. Gunshots resonated. In one smooth motion, she leaped into the sphere, and the interstellar transport—and its passenger—disappeared. Only dust remained. 

CHAPTER 20
THE PAST


A cooling breeze blew through the hideaway, startling Johnny out of his slumber on the unforgiving floor. He did not remember how or when he fell asleep, only that he had. Turning over, he spotted Sonovan, who was in a meditative position on the cliff outside the hideout, overlooking the mountains and valley below.
Johnny’s body ached as he got up. He shuffled out to the cliff and sat next to Sonovan. The sky popped a bright, clear blue, unlike anything he had seen on Earth. Crisp, chilly air filled the atmosphere, and Sonovan smiled in greeting upon his arrival. “I first learned the art of meditation from my sensei. He taught me many things, this being one of the most important ones. The key is to clear your head from distractions. At first, it was a struggle for me.”
“Why?”
“I was an energetic and excited fellow when I was younger. Most prominently, I was a daredevil. It is what led me to the Xun and, ultimately, the Shadowverse. In my rebellious state, I pushed through it for the sole purpose of curiosity. I abandoned my people. I wanted to discover something new—to be a pioneer... and eventually a legend. Not a day goes by when I do not wish I could go back and stop myself from ever committing such a selfish act. The time vortex. Everything that has happened—it is all because of me. All of the blood is on my hands. Because I had no place in my heart for selflessness. For restraint.”
Johnny pondered his personal history dump. “Yes, but you have to let it go. Who knows? Maybe Titan would have found another way to us. Maybe some other idiot would have done it if you hadn't. Sometimes, even dreadful things happen for a reason.”
“I am sure what I did does not even register on the ‘dreadful’ scale.”
“Look, we won’t lose. We will stop Titan. How? I don’t know. All I do know is that we are a team. And when people are unified, it is said they are impossible to overcome.”
Sonovan turned his head and gazed at Johnny intently. “Johnny Sparks, you continue to impress me.”
Grinning, Johnny replied, “Thanks. I try to be the logical one.”
“Your friends are not intelligent?” he asked, raising his eyebrows.
“Well, yeah, they are actually. Ryan is pretty smart, he even surprises me sometimes. Dustin and Sam are, well, normal, you might say.”
“It is 'normal' to be unintelligent?”
Johnny chuckled. “No? Yes? There is no definitive answer to that question, in all honesty.”
“Things must be very different on Earth now.”
“You could say that, but there are still very, very smart people there too. Humanity has advanced more in the last century than in the last ten thousand years. And in my opinion, any ‘stupid’ person can learn, with time. You only need effort and will.”
“I would be glad to see it. What you say is wise, Mr. Sparks. That is the precise thing you will use against Titan. Your effort and your will.”
“What about Jane and your other friend? Are they intelligent?” The breeze picked up. However, the chilly zephyr was a wholesome one, the soothing air bringing hints of paradise with its graceful touch.
“Yeah, sometimes I think Jane’s smarter than any of us. She doesn’t talk much. Quiet ones are usually full of ideas.”
Sonovan chuckled. “And your other friend?”
“Rose. Yeah, she is a good mix of all of us. A bit of a daredevil, smart, funny and loyal. Problem is, she tends to leap without looking. Got a hell of a temper too.”
“I am sorry this has happened to her.”
“We’ll get her back. She’s a fighter.”
“I hope so.” 
Out of nowhere, Johnny’s legs felt weak and shaky. Probably should inquire of the master, he thought. “By the way, I have been feeling a bit weak lately. What’s going on?”
“The Ooris inside you cannot be used to an extent beyond its function. This is perhaps why Titan has not destroyed you yet. He strains his body too much and depletes it with the constant supply of Ooris. To use an extensive amount of power would result in a deterioration of Ooris levels inside you. Never will you completely lose it, but it will drain energy and leave you with no power.”
“Got it. So, it’s like a rechargeable battery.”
“Correct,” Sonovan replied.
Because he wore no upper-body attire, Sonovan’s chiseled back was exposed for Johnny to examine. Instead of naked skin, his spine and shoulders were covered in black tattoos. The image portrayed two white, gleaming eyes above an unrecognizable symbol. Adjacent to it were four groups of letters: SL, V, ORS, ZY. Furrowing his brow, Johnny leaned back to get a better view and was about to open his mouth when, despite his curiosity, he closed it firmly. When Sonovan deemed it necessary, he would uncover this mystery.
Johnny stood up and went into the room where the others slept. The computer showed ‘30 minutes left’ on its screen.
He left the room and returned to Sonovan. Following his lead, Johnny settled into his own meditative position. The two sat there—not a word spoken. Only the whisper of a breeze made its voice known. 
Sonovan interrupted the peace with a question. One Johnny would have begged to never have to answer. “Tell me,” Sonovan started. “How are the samurai? How have they been? They were finally organized almost two centuries after Titan’s death. I became one of the first official ones, training many.”
Johnny gulped, unprepared to drop this bomb. Knowing Sonovan was once a samurai made this all the worse. Sensing the inactivity on Johnny’s part, Sonovan rotated to look at him closely. “Well?”
Gulping again, Johnny gazed off into the horizon dotted with clouds. He could not muster the courage to look Sonovan in the eyes as he spoke. “They are no more. More than a century has gone by since their extinction.”
Sonovan's lip quivered. “Tell me it’s not true.”
“I'm sorry.”
This was the closest to crying Johnny had seen yet from Sonovan Lung. 
“Thank you for speaking with me, Johnny,” he intoned formally.
With that, he stood up like a soldier, turned, and strode through the hideout and into his room, disappearing from sight. Johnny was left there, alone. 
In the privacy of his room, the ancient warrior laid his body prostrate on the hard ground. His eyes watered—the memories flooded back as if Johnny's words had destroyed a dam. Only then did he come to the realization that he was the last of his kind, the living embodiment of a time long passed. I am the last of The Shadows... and of the samurai.

* * *

As the assembly room was cleaned of the pool of blood and body parts, Titan and Solis made their way to the base of the tower. A clean, transparent elevator took them through the floors. At the bottom, he ordered all newscasters to be brought to his presence at once. 
“I want this to be broadcast to the entire planet,” he commanded.
They did as he desired. Within minutes, the figure of Titan appeared on every screen in every corner of Hallux. The forests, the cities, the slums, the dirty alleys, the mountaintops. No place could hide from his voice. 
“Citizens of Hallux. I am Titan, your savior. My commanders brought to my attention the starvation, disease, famine, injustice, and corruption on this planet. In my great purity and goodness, I vowed I would aid this magnificent land.
“A short while ago, I was confronted, condemned, and assaulted by your rulers. These corrupt and selfish men attempted to hinder me in my quest for a rebirth of Hallux. Their money and infrastructure cried out to them in fear, since I was here to end all their exterior funding. 
“Everything that is hidden shall be made known. That which is kept secret shall be shouted from the rooftops. Nothing will escape my eye—no corrupt thing will avoid me! All I ask of you, the Halluxian people, is your cooperation in this difficult time. Remember, I want only your betterment. From now on, you will be safe and protected from such foul individuals. Their plans are thwarted. From now on, this potentially great civilization will endure—it will survive. Now rejoice, for your redemption is at hand!”
The people watching clapped and cheered. Outside the building, the sounds of celebration rang. The entire city, and then the entire planet, was delighted. For so long, they had been subject to cruelty by selfish men. Finally, their long-overdue help had arrived. Titan's arms slowly rose synchronously with the jubilation of the crowd.
Purpose fulfilled and assignment successful, Titan boarded a vessel which took him to the ant-shaped ship he had taken, the Invader I. He opted to stand, as was his custom. Rarely did he sit. 
Solis started laughing. “I think ‘success’ is an understatement,” he chuckled. 
“Indeed,” Titan answered, almost letting out a chuckle as well. “You did well, Solis.”
“I am grateful, my lord. It was my honor.”
“The all-important one is next. I desire for you to launch ten scout ships, or as they refer to them, ‘UFO’s.’ I need more information about it.”
“‘It’ being?”
“Earth.”
In several hours, the Invader I rendezvoused with the Titan, his flagship. Once aboard, Titan meandered through the snow-white bays and took his elevator to the top. As the doors parted, he saw Justice there, awaiting his entry. 
“I take it you did well?” he questioned. Before she could even answer, he answered for her. “Well, of course you did. I saw it all. Credit where credit is due! Pristine job, Justice. The past is now nothing but a memory.”
She nodded once. “I take it you also had success?”
“That, my Justice, is an understatement.”

CHAPTER 21
DESTINIES

Half an hour later, the deep-sleepers woke up. The lids of their sleep apparatuses slid open. Ryan sat up and yawned like a T-Rex. For some reason, his brain assumed he was on Earth, and it took him a minute to realize he was far from home.
The rest woke up only seconds later, still dressed in the remarkable outfits that had been gifted to them. The brothers and Ryan stumbled out of the room and looked around for Johnny and Sonovan. They found them both meditating on the cliff outside the hideout. 
“Whoa, Johnny, what’s gotten into you all of a sudden?” Ryan asked, surprised that the Johnny Sparks could actually relax for once. 
Johnny opened one eye. “About time you’re awake. Sonovan and I have had a blast talking after I took a little nap.” He looked over at Sonovan, who was still in meditation. “And he’s a pretty interesting and sophisticated guy, by the way.”
“Oh, is that so?”
“Indeed,” was the reply.
Dustin and Sam chuckled. “The guy even has a sense of humor.”
“You should have heard him a few hours ago. I don’t even think he meant to, but he was a real jokester.”
Sonovan stood, his tone and expression serious. “Now, we must train. Follow me.” Caught off guard by his sudden change, they followed him back into the hideout. 
On the way, Sam turned to Ryan. “What do you think he’s gonna say?” 
Dustin put in his two cents. “He’ll probably be all like, ‘You must unlearn what you have learned.’”
Sam and Ryan chuckled. “Yeah! He could even say, ‘I cannot teach them’ because of how reckless we are.”
“Aw come on! We aren’t that bad!” Dustin responded.
“Dude, why else would we have been suspended for a week? Do I have to remind you about that stunt we pulled at the studio?” Ryan replied.
“Oh, yeah,” Sam chuckled.
“The past is the past!” Dustin retorted.
“Yeah, so let’s not repeat it, OK?”
The gold-dipped light of Herook’s parent star shone forth, illuminating the rocky ground. “This will be your dojo. Break nothing, please,” Sonovan instructed.
“Aye-Aye, captain!” Dustin responded. Sam saluted.
Sonovan turned to them, hands on his waist, bandana blowing in the breeze flowing through the refuge. “This is the place where legends are born, my allies. This is the place where discipline and order reign. This place can be anywhere: a bedroom, a field, and even a workplace. No matter the setting, the tradition of the dojo is unchanging. 
“You may have learned martial arts, and that is good. It will ease the lessons for you. But now I will train you in the way I was trained. An art that has long been forgotten. A method of ancient times. A method designed by The Shadows. A method of fighting honed by the warriors of old. Men who could annihilate anyone in their way. And soon, with my supervision, you will become the heirs of their legacy. Are you ready?”
Dustin, Sam, and Ryan’s collective mouths gaped. “Wow, that... was the best speech I have ever heard,” Jane added from behind them.
“She said what I thought,” Ryan said.
“Just when I imagined a Yoda quote would be cool,” said Sam.
“For real,” replied Dustin.
“Wait, who are The Shadows?” asked Johnny. “Can you tell us now?”
Sonovan blinked twice, gazing at the ground in reminiscence. Then he looked up. “One day, I will tell you, but not now.”
For the next twenty minutes, they all stretched their muscles in preparation. At the end of the allotted time, a loud voice sharply cried out, “Ready!” Sonovan's mood and expression had changed so drastically, it was as if he had morphed into someone wholly distinct from his usual personality.

* * *

Titan motioned for Solis to leave him and Justice alone. The third-in-command recognized his body language and left obediently. Titan turned to face Justice. “I had faith you would come through, Justice. I saw it all, and you did well.”
“Thank you, my lord. It was difficult, but I succeeded in the mission.”
Titan laid his arm around her shoulder, caressing her jaw with his fingertips. “I am very proud of you. Your father, though a decent man, held you back. While he advised for you to remain an ordinary person—a failure—I have a far larger, fulfilling destiny in store for you. Your destiny lies in the expanse of the cosmos, the expanding Tetra, not in the welfares of men!” he exclaimed vociferously, gesturing to the clear outlook of space, arms outstretched. “You are a creature of space, not of Earth.”
She contemplated his words. “Your generosity and goodness are beyond the heavens, my lord.” 
Still facing the expanse of stars and galaxies, Titan continued his monologue. "Sonovan Lung and his Shadows defeated and killed me because I was too confident—in fact, even I was mired down in petty planetary issues rather than universal. You wonder why I use ships now? A millennium ago, in the days of the Old Empire, I rarely did. 
"But when Solis resurrected me, I realized the Tetra is not based on any one planet. Instead, it is a living thing and constantly expands. And so, for the last five centuries, I have done exactly that. Like you now are, I am a creature of space." 
"I understand, my lord. You are very wise."
He turned again. “Tell me, how do you think your human friends would react to your new life? What would they call you? Evil? A monster? Too powerful?”
“What are you getting at?”
“They are too naïve and inferior to even comprehend you now. While they worry themselves with the purchase of their next item of clothing, or texting some other do-nothing, you are the Voir to the Titan!” he bellowed, truly invested in the monologue, his voice altered from deep to booming.
She flinched from the echo as it resonated throughout the clear-walled throne room. “I see. You are surely right.”  
“But please tell me one thing. Was that your little friend Z?” he questioned.
“I believe so.”
Titan smiled. “Ah, I am beginning to highly esteem this fellow,” he said. “So perplexing! So mysterious! He is keeping me on edge. I am constantly conjecturing about his true identity! Who must he be? His teasing has me entertained! Most entertained!”
“I, too, am puzzled.”
“I know not an individual who isn’t! Let us hope he is on our side. On the side of purity.”
“I feel that he is not. I think he is neutral.”
“And how have you come to that conclusion?”
“Just my feeling.”
“Then let us hope he does not interfere with our plans.”
For a while then, there was no sound but the low, constant purring of the ship's engines. A message was transmitted to Titan’s database from Solis, who was currently piloting the Titan. Titan walked regally to the relay mechanism. It beamed a hologram of text, lighting up his face in stripes of color. He read it over in haste before twisting around. 
“I have another mission for you, Justice. It is on Iopia. The planet is ninety percent water. Send a message to the leaders and follow it up with a meeting. There have been reports of corruption in the command quarters there. If the rumors are untrue, return to me with the good news. If not, use your own good judgment.”
“Certainly, my lord Titan. I shall do as you ask.”
“One more thing,” he said as she was about to leave. She turned. “I have a very, very, special job for you before you venture to Iopia. We are quite close to your home planet, Xalen. I desire for you to travel there and enter the former citadel of Ta-Vir, your progenitor. There have been rumors of dissidents hiding out there. Prove the rumors either right or wrong.”
Her eyes widened, and she nodded. “I will do as you command,” she answered, calling for the elevator.
Ordering Solis in as well, Titan smiled at his entrance. The dark clad figure stood proud, in dark green armor from head to toe. As usual, he had concealed his face in a glass-like, opaque helmet. He did not wish to be known. The fact that he had resurrected Titan, half a millennium prior, was enough of a legacy for one lifetime. His species could live for a great number of years, after all.
“My lord Titan, what is your decree?”
“My friend, I want you to depart to Quev’lon. You will be brought up to date during your journey. I instruct you to install a new ruler there.”
Underneath the helmet, Solis smiled his pleasure at the command. “Not often do you give me an order such as this.”
Titan rested his head, turning back to the expanse. “I judged it was time.”
Solis strode away, ready for his assignment.

* * *

“Remember, the best defense is offense,” Sonovan Lung instructed. “This style is best used in conjunction with the styles you have already learned. Let us begin.” 
They trained for two grueling hours. The abode transformed into a sweat lodge. Jane had the toughest time learning, so sometimes both Sonovan and Johnny helped her with her stance and combos. But they still learned—learned more than any karate lesson they’ve ever had. They practiced everything. Punches, elbows, kicks, throws, miscellaneous hand strikes, and self-defense.
On the other hand, Johnny’s speed proved to hold a significant advantage over opponents. He could disable enemies without them knowing he had even moved. 
Dustin and Sam had the most fun, of course. They practiced on each other, with Sonovan routinely choosing one and testing what they had learned. 
Ryan was a mixture. At times he understood, and other times he did not. His expression a combination of different emotions, he approached Sonovan. “Wait, so you’re saying to sweep, pick the guy up by the neck, and then do what?” 
“Break his neck on the ground by performing a suplex.” 
Ryan chuckled uneasily. “So, you actually want us to kill the guy?”
“If necessary.”
“When is necessary?”
“You will know when.”
Ryan laughed uneasily again, nervously shaking his head. “Geez, talk about fatality.”
“Here, I will demonstrate.” Sonovan motioned for him to come closer. 
“Um, please don’t kill me!”
“There is no worry needed.”
“That’s kind of hard to do.”
Sonovan gave him a look. “I have trained twenty-three others before you. I know what I am doing.”
“Fine, just get on with it and let’s hope I can manage to learn something.”
They bowed to each other before beginning. Sonovan showed him how the move would be done at a slow, tutoring speed. He advanced and kicked Ryan in the lower calf, lightly of course. “This would distract the opponent. It does not need to be a solid kick, but enough to grab the opponent’s attention.” Ryan nodded. Sonovan then followed up the ‘distraction’ with a roundhouse kick to the ribs with his other leg. 
After the first, he repeated it, alternating legs with such swift ferocity Ryan could do nothing but attempt at blocking. He parried most of the attacks, but that was the point, as Sonovan had said. After six kicks, Sonovan jumped and twisted fully in the air, and upon landing, spun into a sweep. Ryan fell and Sonovan pounced on him. He performed a suplex on him, careful not to hurt Ryan in the process.
Zydok was a better teacher than I can ever be, Sonovan thought to himself sadly. 
They both slammed onto the ground, spreading a cloud of dust. 
“Wow, that was pretty cool,” Ryan said, grunting.
“If done correctly, at full strength, the move could break the neck of anyone.”
“All right, I'll work on it.”
“Excellent. And when used with your powers, it would be an unstoppable attack. There would likely be no need for a suplex.”
“Yep,” Ryan chuckled. “The dude would get smacked.”
“Indeed.”
Sonovan left him and walked over to Dustin and Sam again. They were both doing exactly what Sonovan had just taught Ryan. “Not bad. I did not think you would understand it as quickly as you have.” 
“Gee, thanks! We’ll take that as a compliment,” Dustin replied.
“Yes, you may.”
Johnny and Jane were on the other side of the space, near the massive stone wall of the mountain. As he approached them, Sonovan marveled at how much Johnny had matured in a short space of time.
The two were attempting to replicate what everyone else was doing. Jane could not lift Johnny above her, so she chose to use her ability instead. She would kick him two times with the alternating legs. Then he allowed her to sweep his leg. Instead of jumping on him, she reached out and pulled him into the air, causing Johnny to float. 
“Don’t drop me.”
“I won’t.”
“OK, good. That’s good to know.” 
She turned him over in the air and replicated the suplex move telekinetically. He floated gently to the ground, replicating the move in slow motion. If she had pushed his body down with force, the position he was in would have broken his neck, killing him instantly. 
“Good job, Jane, good job,” Johnny praised.
“Thank you. It’s not like I would ever drop you.”
“I know you wouldn’t. I was just letting out nerves.”
She giggled and Sonovan stepped in, applauding. “Excellent use of those abilities, Jane. You have become a useful asset in this fight against Titan. He has acquired those abilities, as you know.”
“And by this time, he has mastered them,” Johnny said. He shook his head in an attempt to find balance again.
“Yes, he has.”
“I will try my best.”
Johnny almost deemed Sonovan would say, ‘No! Do or do not, there is no try,’ but he did not. Dustin had said too many Star Wars quotes. They were embedded in his brain.
“Good. Splendid, in fact!”
They both smiled at him.

* * *

The journey only took several hours before Solis arrived on Quev’lon. Sixty-five percent land, Quev’lon was home to purple-skinned inhabitants with black eyes, large heads, and oddly shaped appendages, specifically their three legs.
Upon landing, Solis met with the soon-to-be ruler of Quev’lon. Named Io Wix, the man was a native Quev’lonian. His people despised him, calling him a traitor to his own kind.
The capital was situated in the planet's largest city. This edifice stood tall over the lower structures contiguous to its grandeur.
When Solis entered the giant edifice, one thousand soldiers marched with him. Alarms rang and well-fit security and military officers attempted to shoot them on sight, but Solis was prepared for their resistance. 
Pointing, Solis ordered his soldiers to do what was necessary. “Kill them,” he ordered. “Kill them all.” Blaster rifles fired and a slew of blue streaks went back and forth between the Quev’lonian security and the army of Titan, under the command of Solis. 
There were only ten casualties on Solis' side, while the security forces were completely annihilated. More burst in, but upon witnessing the spectacle of seven-foot-tall Solis with his army, and three hundred dead security members, they promptly dropped their weapons and surrendered.
“Anyone else?” Solis questioned. When no one responded, he chuckled deeply. “Exactly what I surmised.”
Solis slaughtered nearby infantry as he and his legion ascended the many floors to the apex of the building, where he burst through two gigantic doors, into the government's legislative hub. Upon his grand ingress, Solis faced three dozen guards who were instantly reduced to ash without difficulty.
The legislature ceased their bickering immediately. “Lord Titan has known this planet for a while,” Solis started.
“And?” a politician retorted. 
“Any world His Greatness studies for an extensive amount of time is in a dire situation.”
“Who is this Titan you speak of?” questioned another. One brave, but aged, presiding elder strode up to Solis. Also exceptionally tall, this three-legged person stood eye to eye with him.
“And what gives you the right?” he demanded. “You have no power over us! I, Ersyxz, deny you! To kill our own! War!”
“I beg to differ,” Solis retorted. Grabbing the three-legged Ersyxz by the throat, he raised him for every eye to see. “You feel it now, don’t you? The fear.” The legislature stood from their seats.
“We will never bow to you,” the elder croaked defiantly. 
“Perhaps, but there is someone far more powerful than I. You will answer to him.”
Another infantry battalion landed—a substantially larger one. One million soldiers crowded the streets and the people ran in terror. But there was nowhere for them to go.
Silence emanated from Solis as the fragile neck of the elder broke in his hand. Released, the dead man dropped to the floor with a loud crash. Solis scanned the premises. No one moved a muscle. “Do as you will,” Solis ordered casually to his nearest officer.
“Execution?” the officer assumed.
In response, Solis turned his gaze to the subordinate, glaring through the opaque helmet he wore, before turning and striding out. 
“Slay them all,” the officer hastily commanded. 
Within seconds, the terrified screams were silenced as all one hundred members of the governing body were massacred. To Io Wix was bestowed the position Dowsa of Quev’lon, meaning ‘king.’ The planet was under new management, for Io Wix only served Titan. Therefore, Quev’lon became the newest civilization brought under Titan’s rule. 
Solis left without fanfare. Easier than I had remembered, he thought.

* * *

Titan, standing in his usual spot, turned when Solis strode into the throne room hours later. “Permission to enter,” Solis asked, dropping to one knee.
“Permission granted.”
Solis stood and slowly paced closer, arms locked behind his back. “My lord, the mission was a success. Easily defeated and overcome without difficulty.”
“I can trust you with my very life,” responded Titan.
“May I not seem prideful in your sight, my lord, but yes, you can and did.” Titan chuckled. “You never disappoint me, my friend.”
“Thank you, greatness,” Solis responded gratefully. His voice descended low. “The scouts have relayed more data. The information has been transmitted, by my command, to your personal database. When you so desire, it is available.”
“Thank you, Solis. Is there anything else?”
“Yes, my lord, and I believe you will be pleased.”
“I will not read your mind. Surprise me.”
“A variable is aboard with them.”
Titan sneered. “Oh yes, what a surprise it is! Please, bring the variable into the examination cell. I want to see it myself.”
“It is a male.”
“Then bring him into the examination cell.”
Solis nodded once and left the room. Titan turned back to the window, deep in contemplation. The stars and galaxies spreading far into the distance of the universe almost spoke to him, beckoning him closer. He had grown accustomed to standing there, looking out into infinity. No matter how far he got, it was never enough. His destiny would be forever ahead, somewhere on the horizon of time. 
He felt this reality was so grand, so awesome, so wide, and so perfect. The Tetra had grown large and mighty, but he was just one being. He could not do it all. 
His mind shifted to the news Solis had brought him. Could this really be it? Is this species the one he needs? “I believe so,” he muttered to himself, the only one left in the room. 

CHAPTER 22
CLIFF NOTES


Once the lesson for the day had finished, Ryan met up with Sonovan alone, while the others went off to practice using their powers. Sonovan had returned to the cliff and relaxed into another meditative posture—this time a virasana, also known as the hero pose. 
Dammit, I hate heights, Ryan thought, frowning. “Always got to pick the weird places to meditate,” Ryan mumbled, doing everything in his power to not look down. He begrudgingly sat next to him in his own position, legs crossed. 
“What is it, Ryan?” Sonovan asked him, eyes still closed.
“How’d you know it was me?”
“You make substantially more noise than your friends.”
“Oh, right. Yep, that’s me,” he chuckled. 
“Do you have a question?”
“Uh huh. Titan can control minds, right?”
“Yes.”
“So how can we prohibit him from controlling ours? And why did Rose get taken and not any of the rest of us?”
“There are many possible answers to that question. Rose, I have concluded, may have had an easier mind to control, and she could have been insecure about herself. This could have been due to her otherworldly origins, never considering herself a human. She could never fully fit in.”
“But internally, she was the same. That’s why doctors were never suspicious of her.”
“It does not matter. It still has an effect. The powers of the Titan overwhelmed her, because she was prime prey. Weak minds are an ancient city without walls. Nothing but a playground for him. To stop him, then, we must have extraordinary will.”
Ryan sighed. “That is easier said than done.” 
Sonovan smirked, knowing he once responded with those same words. “Long ago—before I met Titan—he encountered a species with wills so strong not even he could penetrate them. That is, he could not control them.” Ryan nodded, recalling when he had mentioned this. “They eventually disappeared, their whereabouts unknown. Only a few would ever be seen in public places, and I was fortunate to commune with one. His name was Zydok. Titan murdered him. Zydok's will was incredible, to say the least. In all my days I have never seen anyone with such willpower.”
“Then how can we be like him?”
“Well, you can’t. But you can get close enough. How? You must will yourself into what you believe. Your mission and stance on life must be so strong and firm that nothing can veer you from that belief. Only then might your will be strong enough—strong like The Shadows. Then, and only then, does your mind have a chance. It has been done before. It is not an impossible or unattainable task. Even I did it.”
“How?” 
“Let me ask you a question. As many have stated: before you start a war, you should know what are you fighting for. What are you fighting for, Ryan Slade? Is it a person? A belief? A place? All of the above?” Ryan glanced at Sonovan, befuddled. “It is a six-letter word,” Sonovan continued. “D-E-S-I-R-E. Desire. That is the key. I desired Aiko to such an extent that nothing could stop me from what I had to do. To that end, it is good you like Rose.”
“I d-don’t like her! What are you talking about?”
Sonovan turned his head slowly toward Ryan. “Ryan, you do not need to hide it. I can see into your eyes when you mention her. I have lived long and seen every kind of people. Trust me, I know you do.” Ryan did not respond but remained in mortified silence. Sonovan continued. “But do not fret! This is an excellent thing! She can be to you as Aiko was to me. If you desire her more than anything—to drag her from Titan’s relentless grip—then you can save her.”
Ryan nodded in understanding. He admitted to himself that it made sense. “I understand. I will try. I will try my hardest. Thanks, Sonovan.”
“My pleasure.”
“Is there anything else?”
“In fact, there is. You must know something.”
Furrowing his brow, Ryan responded, “Well, tell me.”
“Whatever Titan says about Earth, do not call him insane. Upon my observations, he is far from that. Many have labeled him psychotic, but the words he utters are true and absent of falsities. If he gets to Earth, he will enact his plan to overthrow the government of the modern day. That is, if he does not find ‘the answer' first.”
“The answer?” replied Ryan, seeking clarification.
“I do not know what it is, but he referenced it twice when I fought him all those years ago.”
“Why are you telling me this?”
“Because if we prevail, you must then work to destroy the evils he sees in the very humans you are trying now to save.”
Nodding but slightly confused, Ryan replied, “I will try.”
“I believe in you.”
Grinning, Ryan turned to Sonovan, primed to ask one more question. “By the way, what are your powers? I have matter absorption, but what about you?”
Sonovan huffed, opening his eyes once more, staring out into the grand view below. “My abilities are much more complex than yours, my friend,” he began. “Due to my ‘accident’ all those years ago, the Xun exposed me to the greatest outpouring of Ooris in history, even more so than Titan himself.”
“Really?” questioned Ryan in disbelief. 
“Yes, really. I source my abilities, like yours, in the Shadowverse. However, I generate Ooris, whereas you were merely infused with it, forming a connection between you and the Shadowverse. This Energy runs in my veins, allowing me to move faster, see farther, and strike with a ferocity unparalleled by any.”
“Not even Titan?” 
“He is my only near match—a nemesis, you might say. But not even he can strike with the power I can. You yourself are nearly on par with us, actually. In fact, one day, you might surpass me in some aspects,” he extolled, laying a hand on Ryan’s shoulder. In the incredibly short time they’d been together, Sonovan Lung had come close to being a father figure for him, and for Ryan, it was all very weird—but a good weird. “Anyway, I hope that satisfied your inquiry,” Sonovan finished.
“It did,” Ryan responded, eyes far away. Similar to Sonovan and Johnny earlier that morning, the two sat peaceably for a while, looking out at the bright blue sky and the snow-capped mountains that extended out for several miles. The mountainous landscape slowly faded into a green, forested ocean that seemed to extend forever, all the way out to a radiant, shimmering silvered sea on the horizon. “Out there is the Kampan Sea,” Sonovan mentioned, pointing to it in the distance. “Giant sea creatures call that place home.”
“You have been there?”
“Yes. It is quite frightening. The only way to explain them is that they seem similar to the centipedes on Earth, except far larger.”
“By how much?”
“I have assumed forty feet, but I could be wrong.”
Ryan looked sickened. “That’s disgusting. Ew.”
“Yes, it is. It was repulsive and gave me nausea.”
“Yeah, well, if it does that to you, I don’t want to imagine what it would do to me,” Ryan chuckled. 
“Then let’s not.”

* * *

News reporters scrambled to report the activity at Montauk Point, that a mysterious, robed woman had left via another portal. 
Neighbors had found Henry Johnson dead on his living room floor. Immediately the police had been notified and they carried out forensic investigations, but no investigator could pinpoint the person who committed the act. They labeled his daughter, Rose Johnson, a suspect, but there was not a high chance of that being the case, as she—and five others—had disappeared days prior. Something was ensuing, and one of the best investigators in the Northeast, Eckhart Dyson, was called in to help.
Police believed the death was linked to the disappearances, as did the FBI. They contacted Dustin and Sam’s parents, but they had no clue as to where the group could be. In fact, the Jones’ household was in chaos. The parents cried with one another and prayed that their boys were not hurt. 
Johnny’s parents were the same. Jane did not have parents, and her grandparents had died, sparing them this misery. 
Ryan Slade had left his mother there as well, even though he defied the idea and still thought it was stupid. 
Everything changed in one night. A man visited Dustin and Sam’s parents, Robert and Jenny. He knocked on the door. He wore a white mask with black scribbles etched over it and, when Jenny opened the door, she let out a shrill cry when she saw his appearance. He covered her mouth in haste to stifle her scream and brought her inside to the couch. 
Robert was poised to attack the man when he, identifying himself as Z, cried out, “I know where your sons are!” Robert stopped dead in his tracks. “But the only way for you to know is if you cooperate with me.”
“Tell me everything you know, now!” Robert demanded. 
“Please, sit down.”
Z explained to them that their sons were not dead, but on another planet with a man named Sonovan Lung, an ancient warrior. He told them they had been tricked by an alien calling himself ‘Titan.’ 
“What can we do to get them back?”
“There is nothing you can do. I only came here to spare you pain, Robert. There is one thing you must both know. If you ever say anything about what I just informed you, I will find you. I will only allow you to call the homes of Bethany Slade and Timothy and Irene Sparks.”
They nodded, aware that they would be no match for him. “Where are you from? How do you know all this?” Jenny questioned. Hysteria edged onto her face and voice.
Rotating his masked head slightly, he responded, “I am from nowhere, and I know because I know. There is nothing else to say. Godspeed.” With that, he opened the door and left their residence, leaving the two reeling in shock. Jenny ran out to see if he was still in sight, but to no avail, since there was no sign he'd ever been there.

CHAPTER 23
REVENGE

Titan stepped into his elevator and pushed the button that would take him to the Titan’s control room precinct. The door opened when he arrived. No one said a word, since it was rare for Titan himself to descend to their level. He eyed his crew, several dozen spread out over the humongous room, and surveyed the situation. 
Several minutes passed, and then he spoke. “As you know, someone hijacked our systems and allowed Sonovan Lung, our enemy, to board this ship. He who was in command at the time, please make yourself known.” 
A commander with the name ‘Supan’ on his ID stepped forward. “It was I.” He stood about 5’8” inches, dwarfed by the size of Titan. Commander Supan had a variegated skin type, glistening like a rainbow in the lights of the control room.
Titan inspected the officer, then led him to the elevator. Everyone in the precinct watched in terror, knowing Commander Supan would likely never return. Yet, there was always hope.
On the way up, quietness reigned. The doors opened and they both exited. Supan was the first to speak. “I am truly sorry, my lord Titan. Someone hijacked us. He came aboard, somehow, and activated the exotic matter and warp mechanism. There was nothing we could do once he activated it. We were slave to it.”
“I see. But how did none of you see him? Was he invisible?”
“No. He was very fast.”
Titan’s interest perked up. “What do you mean by ‘fast’? Does he have similar abilities to Johnny Sparks?”
“Yes, my lord, he does. Our soldiers are well-trained, but they were no match for him.”
Titan pondered this. “Why was the shield not already activated when he arrived? The shield is always active. Who was lazy and did not make sure it was on? Thus, making it impossible for anyone to access it.”
“Only Claq is in control of the warp button shield, my lord.”
“Send him in.”
Supan left at once and brought in Claq, who was in awe at meeting Titan. A yellow-skinned, average-sized individual, he belonged to the Erse species, known for the protruding fins on their calf muscles and their spiky craniums. Titan was not pleased with him, but spoke calmly.
“Ah, Claq. Greetings.”
“Thank you, my lord. This is an honor!”
Ignoring him, Titan continued. “What were you doing when the ship was hijacked? Why was the warp button shield not online?”
“I was”—Claq began to sweat and wiped his forehead— “not in the room, Endless Creator. I am truly sorry.”
Titan’s eyes bore into Claq’s soul. He was furious, though careful to not make it known. Well, not just yet. “I understand, Claq. I fully understand.” His eyes met Commander Supan’s. The commander recognized what Titan intended. He swiftly turned around and left. Claq now knew what was about to happen. 
“You failed, Claq. I have already searched your mind.” Titan’s voice deepened into something comparable to a growl. “Useless. You were in the break room, drinking and playing games. What? At a time like that? I was about to crush them! We were so close! You are now in the thankfully minute group of imprudent fools who dared to serve me without their all.”
“My lord, please! Do not! I am sorry!”
“What a fine soldier you were. But fine”—Titan reached out and telekinetically lifted Claq into the air— “is just not good enough.” His eyes burned crimson, and at this point, Claq had already accepted his impending death.
Titan began to bend Claq inexorably. He wailed in pain before his back broke and his spine shattered. When it was over, his head touched the underside of his knees.
The rage inside Titan subsided, and he personally threw the lifeless soldier into the trash chute.

* * *

An hour passed as Sonovan and Ryan relaxed in meditation. Johnny had come to check on them, but when he saw the two, he knew to keep his distance. Sonovan was bonding with Ryan the same way they had done.
Johnny returned to the brothers and Jane. “Hey Chronos,” he said, “Can you take us over there?” He pointed to a clearing at the bottom of the mountain. 
“Affirmative,” was the reply. Jane’s chest glowed blue with each word the artificial intelligence spoke. “You must ask either the Aurora V5 or Echo V9 to aid you.”
“The Aurora is mine,” Dustin noted. “Sam has the Echo.”
“All right, well who wants to do the honors this time?”
“I will.”
Dustin swung his arms in a circular motion. The generators were activated and the Aurora system turned on. “Where do you desire to go?”
“There,” Dustin guided, pointing to the location. “I want to teleport to that location, at the edge of the forest.” 
“Certainly.” A sphere arose from the floor and floated to them. 
“Guess that’s the taxi!”
“Damn, just look at that thing,” said Sam.
“How does it even know how to form a wormhole? I thought only bulk beings could do that.”
“Yeah, well, there’s so much we don’t know,” Johnny replied. “We are like at the bottom of the ladder of progression as a civilization.”
“Whoa, what the hell are you guys doing?” Ryan exclaimed as he burst into the room. 
Sonovan followed behind him. “Spectacular. Titan has even utilized Zydok’s teleportation powers. Incredible.”
“That dude had teleportation powers as well? Who doesn’t have powers?” 
“Most do not. But the ones who do, they are the chosen ones.”
“Chosen?”
“Yes. Even you are chosen. Heroes are chosen from the sea of the population. In fact, the ones who seem least likely to go anywhere in life are the very ones who could be chosen.”
“OK, but chosen by who?” asked Johnny.
“Fate. Fate elects heroes.”
“Are you telling us 'fate' is a person?” Sam tried to clarify.
“No. It is not, but I am using it as an analogy. After all, one way or another, it all comes for us all.”
“What?”
“Time.”
Dustin coughed. “Wow, this has gotten awfully philosophical. Can we just take the cute little sphere to our destination? We can come back and talk however much you want later.”
“Good plan,” Sonovan replied.
They jumped into the floating sphere. In a moment, they arrived on the other side, several thousand feet below the hideout, on dry ground. Down here, the air was much fuller. The exotic scent of Herook captivated their senses.
“How did you ever explore?” Johnny asked, staring up at the monstrous mountain next to him. 
“The stairs were already here when I arrived.”
“Oh.”
“So, what are we doing down here?” he asked. A brook streamed merrily by, nearly at their feet. Each drank the life-giving liquid to their heart’s content.
“Why is this place so much like Earth?” Jane thought aloud. “I never thought anything so alien could be so similar.”
“That is true,” Sonovan agreed. “It has its pleasures, a world unaffected by man, machine, or the Tetra. Nevertheless, we must find a way off this heap of rock. We must confront Titan. I must confront him and end this.”
“Yeah, well let’s find some food first.”
“There are multiple species of fish in this stream. Blue Yile, as I have called them, are in this picturesque brook.” The crystal-clear water flowed by, in no hurry. It made a pleasant trickle sound by its movement.
“How far have you explored?” Sam asked.
“I have mounted a few dozen voyages. Since food is inessential to me, I have managed many long expeditions. The longest was eight years.”
“Eight years?!” Dustin exclaimed, shocked.
“One does eventually grow bored,” Sonovan responded. They laughed at the felicitous joke. Dustin, always doing things to excess, fell down in laughter.
When things calmed down, Ryan said, “Blue Yile, huh? Let’s find ‘em!” 
Sonovan watched as Ryan splashed in the water, large body flashing about in his emerald-enameled suit. Though he could not pinpoint the exact moment it had begun, Sonovan felt something—a feeling he hadn’t sensed for what seemed an eternity passed—like he was part of a family again. But, like before, no ordinary family. A family of heroes.

CHAPTER 24
PREPARATION

In his throne room, Titan studied the information sent to him via his scouts. Recordings of television programs, everyday events, and specific details of the lives of certain people comprised the information. 
Solis, now temporarily Voir again, stayed close by as Titan worked on picking his new recruit. Justice, meanwhile, headed towards Xalen, her home planet. 
“Humanity’s hunger to worship something higher than them is far more exorbitant than I had previously surmised.”
“Which indicates?”
“Other civilizations we have encountered have nowhere close to this level of religious emphasis. Many of the conflicts on Earth are nothing akin to what we have both experienced. Most of these are not political or military wars, but spiritual ones. They search for meaning and purpose, but fail in their quest. Their so-called free life is only a prison. These people imprison themselves to their lusts and addictions, and thus impede themselves and those around them from ever growing beyond their myopic vision of reality. Humans need to be woken up! What they yearn for is coming for them. Since when has the master sought to free the servant? Never!”
“Yes, my lord. What you say is true.”
“This planet and its rulers are exactly the same as Hallux, despite its lack of advancement.”
“I agree.”
“I am genuinely fascinated. When are the scouts scheduled to arrive? Is the variable sedated?”
“About seventeen, my lord. And yes, he is sedated.”
“Excellent.”

* * *

When Justice arrived on Xalen, she knew she was home. The red-hued sky provided an exotic environment for the advanced species. Once she arrived at her birth-father’s citadel, she sank to her knees, fighting hard to prevent herself from crying. She then stood, stomping to the giant door. As she pushed, it creaked open little by little, pouring light into the dark, abandoned home of Ta-Vir and Kira. 
Wandering the halls, she found his former quarters, made obvious by his name on the door, ‘TA-VIR.’ Inside the dimly-lit room, she found broken computers lying on the floor, a holographic machine, and numerous other kinds of technology and furniture. The place was a wreck.
Across the way, she espied the room of her mother, Kira. In contrast, this white-painted chamber was far more arranged and organized. In the corner, she spotted a petite bed. Walking over, she examined it. With small white barricades like a fence and a soft mattress, it was clearly a baby crib—the one she would have occupied. Clenching her jaw, she fought to suppress her emotions, the force of Titan’s will still imposed upon her. She gulped hard and a single tear squeezed out of her eye and fell to the floor.
After searching the entire house for thirty minutes, she discovered nothing abnormal. She slowly backed out of the citadel, closing the door behind her and shuffled down the hill to her craft, where her pilot and five outfitted soldiers kept watch. “Take me to Iopia, Officer Dox.”

* * *

Justice arrived on Iopia several hours later, after a safe and uneventful journey. Her cruiser landed on a pad located on a command station’s property. Officers ran to the door of the cruiser and met Titan's second-in-command as the hatch opened. 
“My sovereign, I am grateful and honored to meet you. I am Commander Zev of the First Legion. What news do you have for us?”
As he spoke, Justice continued to stride past him, towards the pyramid-shaped main building. “I have news that concerns even you, Commander. Please accompany me as I make it known.” 
“Surely,” he acceded.
Once she entered, the soldiers inside gaped and instantaneously fell into line. Silence lay thick in the air in the large room. Everyone gathered around.
“Comrades, I regret to inform you that Titan has been displeased with the work done on this planet. Rumors have spread that there is insubordination and rebellion in this sector. Are these rumors true?” The crowd remained silent, and several high-ranking officers gulped. “Well? Is there not truth among you?”
“No, there has not been,” Zev answered at last. His face was dirty and scuffed. 
Justice turned to him and stared. “Are you absolutely sure, Commander?”
The few moments passed excruciatingly slowly. She narrowed her eyes. “Fine, I will take it as a group effort, then.”
A further terrifying few seconds passed, with no one owning up to the deed. “No, it—it was I,” Zev stuttered, knowing what was to come as a result. “I want to leave. Titan is not who he once was. It is becoming an intolerant state of government in the Tetra.”
“And who are you to approve such savagery, Zev?”
Zev gulped before responding again. “There is a rebellion stirring, Justice. And I want to be on the side of the good guys.”
“Since when are we the bad guys?” she replied, her anger bubbling like a boiling pan.
“You were never the good guys, either.” 
She scoffed at the remark. This was not how she had hoped this meeting would go. “You do know that Titan told me to use my own good judgment, correct?”
“I’m sure he did.”
“I hoped to leave with good news! Why must it always be difficult?”
“When Titan falls, we will have eradicated the queen bee. It will be easy to overtake you all once he no longer affects your minds.”
“That day you speak of will never come. You shall die in your belief.”
Zev gulped, for he knew the repercussions of his words. But he had readied himself. “I would rather die believing in something, than nothing at all.”
Justice’s scowl deepened. She sprinted toward him, and in one motion, she was at his side. Justice picked him up by the neck and held him high for all to see. “This is what happens to rebels! Justice for the universe!” She unsheathed a swirled blade and stabbed him in the chest with it. He fell to the ground, already dead.

* * *

It took about half an hour to fish for the Blue Yile. Instead of poles or nets, Sonovan insisted on using one’s own body to catch the fish. Ryan had fun, and at the end of it, he had caught about eight fish. They ranged in size from a foot to a foot-and-a-half long. Johnny placed each in a container Sonovan had brought with him.
The geography of Herook was strikingly similar to Earth. In fact, the trees were almost identical to spruce and fir trees. The forest was right across the brook the group now sat by. It looked deep and thick.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, there were sounds of footsteps and blaster fire in the woods, as well as voices. Due to his abilities, Sonovan was the first to take notice while the others were still bantering, totally oblivious. He narrowed his eyes towards the trees, searching, listening. The level of the voices increased as he watched for signs of movement. He clenched his jaw and drew the attention of his companions with a sharp gesture. 
Johnny looked up at him. “What is it?” Sonovan only held up a single finger in front of his lips. Silence. 
Everyone got up to listen and prepare. “Soldiers,” Johnny noted. 
Dustin’s eyes widened. “Shit! Let’s go... now!” He rushed to try to open a portal but Sonovan held up his hand to stop him. 
“No,” he stated calmly, “I want to see your spectacular abilities myself.”
Ryan raised his eyebrows. “You want us to take them out? Will you help?”
“No. I would simply erase their bodies from existence with one strike. I want to see what you are truly capable of. Through this assault by members of the enemy, I will glimpse your destinies, for you are the ones who will prevail over darkness.”
“Let’s do it,” Jane said. 
“Wow, Dustin, she is more fearless than you are,” Ryan jested, admiringly. 
“Aw man, shut up!” Dustin retorted, flushing. 
“Shh!” Sonovan hushed. “They are approaching.” Blue blades of light from the blasters flashed out of the forest. Whoever approached was clearing their path. And soon, these soldiers of the Tetra exited the forest’s embrace and caught sight of the group, recognizing Sonovan Lung among them. 
“You!” one screamed. They wore dark blue armor with large helmets, and weapons of every sort attached to their belts. “Filth!” They pointed their blasters at the group. One stepped out, clad in angelic white armor, but he was clearly far from being an angel. “If it isn't the ones who got away... and Sonovan Lung! This is incredible! I am Officer Lars of the Third Sector, Herook.”
The two groups were separated by the brook. “We don’t care who you think you are!” Sam shot back. “We know you’re idiots!”
Twenty more assailants crept from the forest. “As surely as Titan lives and I live, you are dead,” Lars spat. “Engage.”
“My chosen ones, engage,” Sonovan ordered. “Accept your destiny and destroy them.”
Johnny acted. He sprinted like a super-powered locomotive across the brook, towards the assailants. As he passed, he jabbed powerful elbow thrusts to the rib-cage region of each soldier. He imagined the scene would make a perfect trailer, since the attackers toppled like dominoes under the force of his super-speed elbows. 
Sonovan merely watched as his protégés worked. Dustin generated a supercharged stream of air onto the downed attackers. The ferocity of the airstream picked them up and hurled the bewildered soldiers towards their fellows. Ryan, his appearance like rock, jumped into a monstrous punch which annihilated three, the contact severing the very life from their bodies. At this point, Ryan couldn’t care less about their fate. He just wanted to overcome the evil.
Jane aided by lifting up a few at a time while Johnny stripped the weapons from their holsters and belts. 
She could feel a burning sensation from her very core. As if she wanted to release her anger. The indignation she had suppressed since her parents were taken. Jane howled in fury, but also uncertainty, of whether she could control this power. 
“Stay in control, Jane,” Sonovan instructed. He had stood like a statue next to her throughout. “Do not let the rage overtake you.”
The remaining twenty opponents were raised thirty feet off the ground, subjected to a Titan-like feat of telekinesis. Now an opening had been created. To eliminate them all. 
Sam took the cue and stepped into a brutal attack. “Freeze!” he shouted as silvery-blue jets of frozen energy hit the enemies. They froze, screaming. Jane immediately released her hold, paving the way for gravity to do its work. Like meteorites, the once-proud, well-trained attackers plummeted into the ground like frozen blocks. 
Throughout the short battle, Sonovan marveled at the teamwork on display. This... this was something he had never seen. Well, not for a millennium. They reminded him of the band of warriors he had been a part of all those years ago—The Shadows. Orslon. Venarian. Zydok. And now, the destiny and legacy of those legends was not just to have defeated Titan, but to inspire the next generation of heroes—these humans before him. 
The fight ended without further hassle. Johnny sped back and Ryan rushed over. Jane was exhausted. She let out a long breath as she collapsed to the ground. “That’s all for one day,” she said. Johnny tried to help her up but she resisted. “Sorry, Johnny, but give me a little while.” 
“Oh, uh, OK. Take your time.”
Dustin rolled his eyes and looked to Sam. “That was damn awesome,” Sam said. “This is how life should be. Awesome.”
“It was,” Ryan agreed. He high-fived Sam. “Nice shooting. Too bad you sucked every time you tried those RPG’s and shooter games back home.”
Sam shook his head in denial. “It’s true though, dude,” Dustin replied. “It really is.”
“Whatever,” Sam snorted. “I still have more Victory Royales.” 
Sonovan walked back to them. “My friends, I am impressed. Impressed beyond anything You are truly the chosen. I have seen your destiny, and it is brighter than all the stars of the universe.”
As if in sync, the others smiled widely. This felt so right. This is what they were born to do. “With you as our leader, Sonovan, we can never lose,” Johnny said. The man humbly nodded once.
On the return journey, Sonovan insisted they walk up the stairs to a checkpoint instead of using their teleportation. This elicited complaints from Dustin and Sam, of course. It was quite a hike, taking two hours to complete. Sonovan insisted the trek would aid them, yet they had no clue why.
“How much longer will this take?” Ryan grumbled.
“About thirty more minutes.”
“Oh, thank heaven!”
“I am forcing you to do this for good reason. It will increase your patience and your core strength. Patience is always useful for the warrior.”
“Yeah, well I’m starved now. The gravity here is punishing.”
“So am I,” Sam groaned, sighing.
“Me too,” Dustin added.
“Your bellies will be full soon. I will allow you to transport once we arrive at the checkpoint.”
Thirty minutes later, the entourage reached the checkpoint and Sonovan allowed them to teleport the remainder of the trek. Finally at their destination, the group sat down and prepared to feast. 
Once they ate and rested for an hour, Sonovan called them over to the main room. “Now, we will train again. Are you ready?”
“Yes, I am,” Johnny answered. The rest replied the same.
“Good. We will repeat the last lesson, and I will teach you something new. It appears you have caught on to my lessons faster than I anticipated. Let us begin.”
He initiated the lesson by designing moves which complemented each of their powers. The training lasted one hour, and then they stopped for a drink from the  gigantic water cooler, sat unobtrusively in one of the adjacent rooms. A refrigeration system, which coordinated with the hideout’s power station—a part of the overlay—cooled the tank. “Wow, that’s awesome,” Ryan exclaimed as he brushed his fingers over the glass. “Nice rig you got here.”
“Thank you,” Sonovan replied. His fingers fiddled with a thick book full of martial arts techniques. “The FR1759, as they call it.”
“Gotta love the use of numbers,” Dustin responded as he filled a cup to the brim. The taste of the chilly water was exquisite.
Sonovan led them back to the dojo. “Now we shall continue. I have come up with a practical idea. Black. Red. Blue. Yellow. These particular words will identify the sets of attacks I have taught you. When I scream ‘red’ you will automatically attack. Each will use whatever is necessary to attack the opponent. Blue signifies for you to defend and fall back. Yellow is the one I do not want to ever have to use. But, if it is necessary, we will surrender.”
“Yeah, that won’t likely ever be used,” Dustin said. 
“Just look at us,” Sam added. 
“OK, well what is black?” asked Johnny.
“A last resort. When I say it, you fall back behind me. I will eject an explosion of Ooris, which will annihilate any victim within a five-mile radius.”
“You can actually do that?”
“Yes. Over the years, I have mastered abilities I had not previously known. You see, my bond with the Shadowverse is greater than even that of Titan. Unfortunately, it will drain me severely. In fact, it’s possible I would be bedbound for a week.”
“How about we rename ‘black’ to ‘Never Use Me, Boys’?” Sam joked.
Everyone chuckled. “Good suggestion, Sam.”
Sam’s grin dropped slightly. “Wait, you aren’t going to do that, are you?”
“It will help us remember, will it not?”
“Uh, I guess?” 
“Of course. Yes! ‘Never Use Me, Boys’! NUMB! I like it already,” Sonovan chuckled. 
Ryan, Dustin, Johnny, and even Jane, burst out laughing. “I will never ever forget that one!” Dustin snickered. “How original! NUMB!”
“It will ‘NUMB’ you out!” Ryan clowned, gesturing with his hands. They snickered.
Sam stared at them. “I really don’t know if I should laugh or frown.”
“Probably the former,” Johnny replied, smiling like an idiot.

CHAPTER 25
THE ANSWER

The light fled the sky and night swooped down on Herook. The band of wannabe heroes stood on the cliff and stared out into the night sky. An array of blue, white, and orange-tinted stars glistened down, and Johnny swore it was more than he had seen his whole life. 
“Wow, just wow.” 
The others marveled. “The Milky Way,” Sam acknowledged, in awe. “I’ve never seen it before. NYC isn’t very good for starwatching.”
“Yeah, neither have I,” Ryan added, unable to tear his gaze from the sky. 
“That’s Orion, right?” Jane pointed to a string of three stars. 
“Yeah, that’s Orion,” Johnny replied. “There’s Betelgeuse. It’s a red supergiant more than one thousand times as massive as the sun. If it were in our solar system, it would extend beyond Jupiter.”
“Wow.”
“It is pretty spectacular, correct?” Sonovan said, looking up. “Few planets are blessed with this view, for interstellar matter and clouds block most from seeing anything.”
“Really? I never realized that, but it makes sense,” Johnny replied. 
“It’s amazing,” Jane admired, eyes wide, staring into the universe beyond—the universe they were trying to save.
Ryan sat at the end of the cliff, alone. He wondered where Rose was—what she was doing, if she was all right, and if they could ever retrieve her. “What’s our plan?” he asked, out of the blue. 
“What do you mean?” Sam asked, his attention diverted.
“You know, how are we going to get Rose back? We can’t just sit here and do nothing.” For the millionth time, a smooth, calm breeze flowed over them.
“He’s right. There isn’t time to waste,” Johnny said.
“Well, for one thing, we must find a way off-planet,” Sonovan replied. “And that is something I have not done in a very, very long time.”
“All right, well, how did you do it the first time?”
“I knew a smuggler who would help me. He brought me weapons and prototypes for suits. In fact, he gave me an invisibility suit.”
“You have a secret room? Awesome!” Dustin exclaimed. 
“But, uh, when were you going to tell us that?” Sam asked.
“When it became necessary.”
“Oh, that’s good to know. What about this smuggler guy?”
“I do not know what happened to him. I assume he has passed on, since that was about a hundred years ago.”
“Geez.”
“I was amazed how he could do it. I was very thankful for him, and he became a friend I cherished for a long time. But, like all the others, he is now gone.”
“Are you trying to say our case is hopeless?” Sam asked.
“No, that was not my intent.”
“OK, so let’s get on with it and develop something we could call a plan.”
Sonovan chuckled to himself, shaking his head in the starry darkness. 
“What?” Johnny asked him. 
“You are so ready for a fight, Johnny Sparks. More so, even, than I was. While it is a good trait, you must also have patience. Sometimes the knee-jerk, first reaction is not always the best. Time is on our side.” 
Silence fell for a long minute. Dustin, Sam, and Ryan shot nervous looks at Johnny, while Jane continued to gaze serenely at the view. 
“Uh, thanks for the tip. You sound like my Dad,” Johnny eventually said.
“It’s for your betterment.” Then he turned to the rest of the team. “Look up, like she is,” he motioned towards Jane.
In response to his gesture, they tilted their faces towards the speckled sky, filled with millions of white, blue, and orange dots, along with the enormous spiral arm of the galaxy, stretching across the sky. “ I brought you out here because you must understand the scope of our mission—but not only that. You must find peace. The night sky can teach you things unattainable and unwanted by many. Just gaze... empty your minds. Never stop looking up, never stop looking into infinity. You are children of the light.”

* * *

Marching into the throne room, Solis bowed before speaking. “My lord, the variable has arrived. He is inside the testing cell on Level Twenty-Three.” Solis strode back out and Titan grinned. He turned with haste and made his way straight there. 
Wonder and excitement pervaded his demeanor. Upon his entry, he caught sight of the variable immediately—a male human. The man squirmed in his restraints at the sight of Titan. He slowly approached the man. “What is your name?”
“M-My n-name is J-Jackson G-G-Greene,” the captive stuttered, terrified. “W-What’s happening?”
“Do not fret, Jackson Greene. You will be returned to your proper location soon enough. In fact, you will not remember what happened here.”
“What will happen h-here?”
“A few tests, that is all. Thank you for your cooperation. Many do not behave as well as you have.”
Titan had brain scanners brought in with haste. The soldiers brought hypnosis machines in too, but Titan sent them back out. “Why would we need a hypnosis machine when you have me?” he quipped. Solis stood behind the opaque glass, observing. This could be the culmination of centuries’ worth of work.
Titan placed his hands on the man’s head, which shook violently. Then Titan noticed something peculiar. Jackson was murmuring something under his breath. Titan realized what was taking place and decided to search the human's mind for the words he uttered. 
Oh God, please, help me. I need You right now. Please, help me. You were there for my parents. Be there for me.
Uncharacteristically, Titan’s eyes widened in slight surprise. Another religious one, he noted. His mind contacted Solis’s like a hammer blow, ordering him to activate the brainwave scanner. Make sure you check the medial prefrontal and the posterior cingulate cortexes. 
A few minutes later, the results came back. Solis handed it to Titan. “My lord, here.” 
Titan read over the data in seconds. “Solis, bring in a Halluxian prisoner at once!” he boomed.
The second prisoner was shoved into a restraining bed opposite the human. Tests were repeated with this new prisoner. The data arrived and Solis brought it once more to Titan. The resulting information differed significantly from the test on Jackson Greene. 
As Titan compared the two results, it became apparent this human was unlike any species he had come across. These foolish, primitive, useless individuals. They were like him.
Titan dropped both pages and paced to the throne room. His eyes landed on the familiar expanse once again. He began to laugh, and soon he was bellowing so loudly that Solis rushed in. “My lord? Well? Are you all right?”
Titan continued to laugh deeply, and pivoted to his Voir. “Solis, this is it! It took a millennium, but I have finally found it!”
“Impossible.”
“You and I have witnessed many things, Solis, but this”—he turned back to the window and the universe beyond— “this tops it all. My crowning glory.”
“Our mission is accomplished,” Solis spoke, his voice hollow. “I was so honored to be a part of it.”
Titan shook his head in dismissal. “No, Solis,” he replied, turning back to the window. “Our journey is now only just beginning. This is the path to the Justification. The way. The key. The answer.”

CHAPTER 26
BROTHERS


The next day, Sonovan, as per his own self-disciplined custom, went out to the cliff to simply look out. It was better to be outside than inside the refuge. 
Jane followed close behind. Sonovan smiled when she found a spot next to him. Truthfully, she hated heights. The suit she and the others had worn this entire time made her light-headed, to a certain degree. She had never worn the same attire for such a long time before.
“Do not be afraid, Jane. You will not fall with me here.”
Nervously glancing at him, she nodded. She was still a little unconvinced, despite being ten feet from the cliff edges on either side. “I don’t know how you stay out here, this far out. Isn’t it scary? It is for me.”
“Yet, here you are,” he replied, chuckling. “Life is funny. In fact, those who do not find humor in this reality are doomed to never fully appreciate it. Take yourself, for example.” She hesitantly turned to him, feeling shaky and imbalanced, crossing her legs carefully. “You have fought the most powerful being in two universes, yet are petrified of a plain mountain cliff.”
She giggled, feeling a little safer as he steadied her arm with his own. She felt herself flushing a bit pink and tried to stamp the feeling down, mentally scolding herself for such a ridiculous reaction.
“All jokes aside,” Sonovan added, “What about you? What is your story? I haven’t learned too much about you.”
Taking in the glorious view and cool wind, she began, “Well, my parents were killed in an ‘accident.’” 
“You do not believe it was an accident?”
“No,” she responded abruptly. “My parents were into things they were not meant to be. So, some people on Earth had them killed.”
“Who committed this evil?”
“I don’t know for sure,” she replied, shaking her head. “Government agents? Terrorists? Criminals? All of the above? Some shroud of mystery has shrouded it. Nothing has ever been found.”
“Does it make you angry?”
She nodded with vigor. 
“You deserve to feel that way,” he responded, turning to her. “I hate to praise him, but I am sure Titan would have rid the planet or the Tetra of someone—anyone—like that.”
“Really?”
“Yes. He is not as evil as he might seem. In fact, there is some... justice to him. A purity—some innate goodness.” Jane’s eyes widened. “But this purity has only made him ruthless. He believes it is necessary for people to die in order to bring peace and justice.”
“Wow, I never saw him that way. I only thought he was a psychopath.”
“He is far from that. Just... misled. We both were. Chasing after things we could never attain...” he muttered, eyes gazing into the horizon, but seeing nothing. 
“I understand. Maybe something terrible happened to him once. Like me.”
“I do not know, but you could very well be correct in your assumption.” He paused for a few seconds. “Through the years of exile, I wanted to kill myself, but there was no way to do so. After I had lost everyone, only one would stay in my company for some time, occasionally. We would meet in the Shadowverse, which is where I could stay for many years, learning more about my place in existence.”
“Who?”
“Titan. His primary reason was to mentally torture me over the fact he had risen, as punishment for my rebellion. Yet, sometimes, we would just converse.”
“Converse? You? Him? About what?”
“Everything,” he whispered. “I was able to understand his motives and his personality better. From time to time, Titan and I would even fight inside the Shadowverse itself, although it accomplished nothing. Sometimes he wanted to prove his strength. Sometimes I wanted to release my rage for what he had done.
“Then one day, I saw there was more to it. I had to let go of my anger or it would destroy me. So, I did, and we have not met since. It is sad we ended up being so different, for I believe we are ultimately after the same thing.” He smiled at the thought of that, closing his eyes and turning his head. His hair blew like a flag in the wind. He sighed deeply, eyes glistening in melancholy. “I wish... I wish the circumstances had been different. I never uncovered what made him this way, but if only the circumstances had been different...”
“What do you mean?”
“We could have been brothers,” he muttered. In his mind, he forced himself back to reality, away from the imagination he had found himself briefly lost inside. He shook it off.
But he felt him. Since they had been gifted with the purest form of Ooris from the Shadowverse itself, Sonovan and Titan were connected. Though their places in the universe lay separated by thousands of light-years of cold, empty space, they would always be linked—their destinies intertwined.
At that very moment, in his ship, Titan stared out into the vastness of the universe pensively. The two ancient legends sensed each other—out there among the stars—Titan in a massive ship, Emperor of the Tetra, while Sonovan meditated in exile on an almost-uninhabited, yet beautiful, world. 
And yet, despite his status as the most powerful being in the universe, Titan had never found the peace a peasant-like Sonovan had. It was truly ironic.
Sonovan looked at Jane. “I am surprised you did not become a vengeful individual due to your past,” he stated.
“Yeah, pills do a good job,” she mumbled. “And maybe the years of heartache have toughened me.”
Sonovan nodded. “You are strong. Stronger than I was.”
Like many, she glanced toward the ground, unsure of what to say next. After a minute, she ventured, “Do you think we will win?”
“I don't know. Just know we will protect you. United, we will be unstoppable.”
She frowned, turning back to the view. “And I will too.” Sonovan smiled once again. It made her smile too.

* * *

“I am grateful that after being marooned on some planet far from here, I was able to hitch many rides across space as I wandered for years,” Sonovan said. “I visited many worlds, many civilizations. Nobody even recognized who I was. But soon, I was found, and everyone was after me. So I found a refuge here, and have been here ever since.” The group sat in one of the bedrooms of the hideout. “I still have some leftover tech. Do you know anyone we could contact?”
“No, not really,” Johnny replied. 
“Only Ledarius Wepon,” Dustin responded.
“What planet was he from?”
“Oh, uh, I think it was called Nexon.”
“Ah, yes! Nexon. I have been there! An advanced civilization.”
“Yeah, that’s an understatement.”
“And yet nobody can help us. I’ve begun to feel we might be stuck here,” Ryan whined.
“No, we have a purpose,” Johnny said. “Something sent us here. Z said we had to save the world, so that’s what we will do.”
“Wait, are there any command stations on this planet?” Sam asked Sonovan.
“Actually, there are. But far from here. Scouting drones appear in the sky every few weeks. The place is uninhabited by native, intelligent peoples, but the Tetra has employed many bases around the globe, mostly used for training and mining. Thankfully, I have utilized the power of one of the invisibility suits and connected it to the hideout’s mainframe. It allows me to cloak my place. It has proved enormously helpful.”
“Well that’s neat.”
“I suggest using those special suits of yours to get us to that location,” went on Sonovan. “The only base on this planet is to the east, possibly three-hundred miles away, but there are numerous caves and crevasses in the terrain which would block that sort of journey by foot. The base keyword is CS0341. That code name alone should be enough information to get us there.”
“OK, so once we get there, what happens?” Jane asked.
“Quite simple, actually. The first step is to cause a ruckus. This will attract attention and soldiers will come over. Johnny and Ryan will take them out. Jane, I want you with me. Sam and Dustin will freeze the other guards. Once they are taken out, the chief officer will likely recognize you, and most definitely, me. I will order him to contact the Titan. Knowing him, Titan will have a ship flown here immediately. It would not surprise me if he sends your friend. Once aboard, we go to face Titan.”
Slowly and seriously they all nodded in agreement, then headed to get some rest in preparation for the confrontation ahead.

CHAPTER 27
THE SCHEME

Titan was not in his usual position when Justice strode into the throne room. She had got used to him standing there, in a kingly position, staring into space. This time, though, he was practicing techniques, moving about with a hologram of himself, which executed all sorts of strikes. It was weird. Titan was fighting himself.
She walked up, and Titan immediately turned off the simulation. “My lord, I did as you commanded. It turned out the head officer at the base was a rebel.”
“I take it you killed him on the spot?” Titan said, turning to her as he caught his breath.
“Yes, my lord.”
“Bravo.”
“How have you been doing, my lord?”
“Thank you for asking, Justice. Please, sit on my throne. I have so much to tell you.”
“I am honored beyond words, my lord. Thank you.”
She sat, armor clanging on the hard stone of the throne—the throne he had sat on fewer times than a single ant has killed a spider. “Please, tell me.”
“I have found the answer to my place in the grand story of time. My purpose has been discovered. The human my emissaries procured has one constituent none of the former species I have encountered possess. Do you know what it is? A spirit. These lowly humans have the one thing nothing else in the universe can boast of. They have this... artifact, if you will, of a higher dimensional, non-corporeal reality. It is who they really are. Beyond the material, they do have a body. But it is not of this crude matter. It is made of particles unseen and untouchable by us. This spirit is the reason why they have so many wars, confrontations, and needs.”
“And why is this so important?”
“I never told you my primary quest. But now I have found it. For thousands of years, I craved the entire universe. I have only gone an inch beyond this one galaxy. I must spread the Tetra—my empire—throughout the cosmos and help those who cannot help themselves—bringing true justice and ending the illusion of free will. But it is impossible to do that if I am only one. There must be more beings like me. And now, there will be. 
“The people of Earth are surrounded by thousands upon thousands of satellites. These satellites will be the vessels of my ascension and Justification. Once I reach Earth, I will set up my Justification Machine. It will take over control of all the known satellites. 
“Using my already-built mechanism, I will project my own Ooris spirit into it. This will cause a chain reaction which will spread the Ooris inside me to every single satellite orbiting Earth. Via this conduit, my spirit shall occupy—possess—every spiritual being on the planet: the humans.” Titan was now pacing throughout the large chamber, not able to contain his enthusiasm and anticipation. This was made noticeable by the wild gestures he made with his arms and hands as he paced.
“And after that, I will be unbeatable! Nothing will stop me! The pure Ooris I will wield will allow my consciousness to morph the humans into myself, and they will gain my powers as well. Think of it. More than seven billion Titans and counting. All aware of each other and connected through one consciousness. And if one goes down, there would still be billions left. Yes, it will be quite an easy task to spread across the universe.”
Blinking thrice, Justice tried to form a response. “My lord, that is the most glorious scheme to ever grace my ears. You will be like a god.”
Facing the transparent barrier, Titan stared into the expanse of the universe beyond him. “There are no such things. A god is what we make it. Though I am convinced something, or someone, caused the creation of the omniverse, the creator does not care about its creation and has instead placed the burden of justice for the inhabitants of its creation on my shoulders—to justify reality in its sight. And I will reign forever and ever, and will never fail.” As always, his eyes were like daggers, penetrating through the cold darkness of space.

* * *

Early to awaken, Dustin and Sam ambled over to Sonovan, who sat just outside the refuge on the cliff. On their way out they stepped over Johnny, who was sleeping on the floor again. “What a guy,” Dustin noted. “Always takes the heat for us.” 
The brothers joined Sonovan in his meditative position—which he seemed to always be in—on the rocky ground. Despite the length of time they had been with him, the three had not found time to chat, just them, alone.
“Yo, look at him. Looks like a monk.”
“My sensei was a samurai. He was taught the arts he would teach me. His base was solid. 
“Initially, I had trouble grasping it. In my younger days, I was an energetic, vigorous, but selfish person. It resulted in my greatest mistake, the day I ignored the Xun’s sentries and traversed that portal to another realm. But, as your friend Johnny told me, the past is the past. Yet, all the years I have been in exile, I have so badly wished to go back and stop myself. I am constantly faced with my failure, and the blood of countless souls is on my hands. It is torture of the mind. 
“That is why I come out here. The harmony of nature soothes the senses and the mind. I am thankful Rez found this place for me. In truth, even Earth could not compare to this peace.” He pointed to the vast scene below.
“I guess you could say we know the feeling,” Sam replied. 
Sonovan looked curious, and motioned for them to continue. “When we were younger, about thirteen, our grandparents died. But it was our fault.” Sam got a bit teary-eyed as he recalled. “You see, we were busy playing video games and were both too lazy to get up and find the GPS.”
“GPS?” 
“Yeah, it’s like a computer that helps you find your way to a place you want to go. Anyway, they gave up looking for it and just left, after seeing we didn’t care enough to help. And, uh, they drove away to go to the store, but they never came back. 
“We had just moved into our new house, and they didn’t know the way to get there. While driving, they got lost and made a wrong turn. And, uh, that was that.”
“What happened?”
“Their vehicle hit another car. Both were, uh, killed.”
“I am so sorry.”
“But don’t you see? It’s our fault! We never even told our parents! Or our friends!” he cried.
“I see.”
Dustin looked down sadly. Sonovan had not seen the twins like this before: vulnerable and serious. “Yep, that’s the story,” Dustin breathed, sniffling. “We were just a pair of assholes. And their blood is on our hands.”
“I understand. We are all in the same boat, then. You caused your grandparents to die, and I caused the greatest being in the multiverse to take over and kill billions in the process.”
The brothers both couldn't help but chuckle through their tears. “Good thing we were born with a sense of humor,” Sam said. 
“Yeah, helps us cope,” Dustin sighed.
Sonovan stayed silent and nodded. A few moments of stillness followed before Sonovan continued. “Do you know why I am out here meditating so much?”
“Yeah, you are out here quite a bit,” Sam said. “Why?”
“Because if I would be inside, meddling around with nothing, I would go crazy from the anxiety and panic, knowing how many have been impacted and will be impacted by what I did. So just like you telling jokes, I need to meditate to cope with it. We all have our different things. It’s what makes us all different, yet same. 
“I have enjoyed learning about and meeting each and every one of you. It has been such a pleasure and it brings me joy to learn about you all. Thank you.”
The brothers both smiled wide. “No, thank you, Sonovan. You’re such a good guy. I wish there were more people like you.”
“Does Earth have an absence of kind people?”
“Yeah, you could say that. There are not enough. We’re on a shortage. Nowhere near the amount necessary.”
“Oh,” he responded, as he nodded and closed his eyes. The two tried their best to imitate him. A cool breeze blew into their faces once again. In that moment, the brothers felt a peace they had never experienced. It was overwhelming, yet welcome.
Within an hour, the others had woken up and joined the brothers and Sonovan on the cliff.
At the sound of their movement, Sonovan stood up. His black hair blew in waves in the steady breeze. 
They said good morning to each other before Sonovan led them into the main room. He had already prepared breakfast. Since a variety of food was not in abundance, the food laid in front of them was Aphelion Turm once more.
Subsequently, the group cleaned the dishes, while Sonovan prepared their final lesson. Today they would teleport to the command station to the east. 
“The lesson is ready. Come and learn the ways of old. It is your third and, unfortunately, final lesson. Well, at least for now. Anyway, come!”
For another ninety minutes, the students trained. Sonovan paced throughout, fixing improper stance or incorrect offensive and defensive maneuvers. 
“No, that is incorrect, Ryan. For this one, the object is to squat near the ground.”
“But that makes no sense.”
“In Taekwondo, yes. It would make no logical sense. But this is not Taekwondo.”
Sonovan stepped into the imaginary ring and became his sparring partner. “Now, squat low. You want a low center of gravity, since it will keep you balanced once you strike. This move, as you can see, is suited for your specific abilities.” 
Ryan spun behind Sonovan, who did the same. He then kicked Sonovan’s lower leg and followed with a spinning side kick. Sonovan countered by replicating an attack similar to that of a soldier. He used a large sword and sliced horizontally. Ryan ducked into a squat, which provided ample distance for the newly-learned attack. He sprang from his position, shoulders square, and would have slammed into Sonovan had the latter not sidestepped at the last second.   
“Excellent job, Mr. Slade!”
“All right, I think I got it. I like it. Fits me.”
Sonovan grinned in satisfaction. He left Ryan practicing, his attention distracted by the sound and sight of ice crashing into the ground and piling up into a frozen drift. “Hehe, that was cool,” Sam exclaimed. He spotted Sonovan with his peripheral vision and turned. “Get it? Yeah, I’m so funny,” he chuckled.
“Superb, Sam. You improvised without my advice. Cool, indeed.”
“Oh, uh, thanks!”In retaliation for nearly freezing him, Dustin pushed Sam with air, blowing him into the ground. “Was that really necessary?” Sam groaned, his long, suddenly-white locks in complete disarray. “You screwed up my hair! Thanks for that!”
Leaving them be, Sonovan moved through the concentrated, engaged fighters to observe Johnny’s style of combat. It was swift and clever. Never did he move too much or use unnecessary strikes. This low consumption of energy increased his stamina capacity. 
Jane did not have to duplicate what the boys were doing, mostly due to her smaller frame. Instead, she resorted to telekinesis. Her levitation was an effective assault and at times, she could even stop Johnny from getting to her. Sometimes he fell on his own, slipping in his haste, or she would manage to push him back. 
Despite the time that had passed, Johnny still had not totally mastered his super-speed. In his opinion, though, the ability matched his personality to a T.
Once the ninety minute practice session was over, Sonovan arranged them into formation. “My allies, over these couple of days, I have been fortunate enough to learn about each and every one of you. But now, you must put your own lessons to use. I am sorry I could not teach you more, for we could easily be here for years, learning together. But time is of the essence, and Titan awaits you. Your destiny is on the horizon. We must be ready.” He led them into another room, where a golden chest lay. A key was put to the lock, and the chest opened. 
Inside lay an assortment of parts. “This is the invisibility suit. Only I will wear it. I will sneak into the ship and will meet you in the throne room.”
The attachments were a hard material and shaped similar to the legs of a spider. It attached to the wearer’s chest and back, enclosing both. 
“Wow, cool,” Dustin said.
“Yes. Now, you must rest for two hours. Then, we depart. When we arrive at the command station, lay waste to it. Once that is done, call the Titan. He will likely send your friend, so you must be physically, but also emotionally primed and ready.”
“We will be,” Johnny replied. Despite the fear that had risen, every person attempted to sleep for the allotted two hours. 
Before heading to her sleep apparatus, Jane went over to Sonovan, who was unhooking the invisibility suit. “I have to say, there is a peace I sense in you now, which wasn't there when we met you.”
Sonovan looked up and smiled. “Yes, you are correct. I have found that during the entirety of this whole predicament, my personality has changed quite a bit. Now, I feel fulfilled and back in the game.”
“Thanks, by the way, for all the teaching and time you have devoted to us. They are grateful too”
Shooting a glance at the others, he nodded again. “They are very interesting individuals, and I am grateful to have met you all.”
She glanced at the floor. “I hope this never ends.”
He nodded and fully unhinged the apparatus. “So do I, Miss Jane. So do I. Anyway, I hate to interrupt, but I highly suggest you rest once more. There may be no rest later.”

CHAPTER 28
INTO THE TITAN

Titan had ordered Solis to meet him in the throne room. “Solis, I want you to steer us to Herook,” instructed Titan. “I have a feeling something is about to happen. The villains are not dead. Not yet. We must imprison them before they become a threat.”
“I will notify the stations there to prepare for the arrival of the Titan.”
“I have realized this must be where Sonovan Lung has hidden all these years. He had left the planet I had brought him to, and he went to Herook. The Energy connecting us has shown me the way.”
“I see, Lord Titan.”
“Once we arrive, inform Justice she will descend into the planet and land at the command station there.”
“Very well.”
As Solis bowed and turned to leave, Titan stopped him. “Wait.” 
The third-in-command stopped in his tracks and turned. “Yes, my lord?”
“If I cannot turn them, I will impede them. We must have the Dragonstone cage ready.”
Solis nodded once, acquiescent. “We have never used it.”
“Then it should work as good as new.”

* * *

Jane and the brothers opted to rest in the sleep apparatuses. Ryan and Johnny, on the other hand, ambled out to the cliff and sat, the melodic sounds of pots, pans, and ornaments blowing in the chilled wind. For once, Sonovan was not there but was resting in his room.
“What do you think Rose is doing now?” Ryan asked Johnny. “I've been trying not to think about it.”
Johnny sniffled. “Whatever it is, I don’t think it’s good.”
“You think we can save her? From him?”
“I believe in all of us,” Johnny replied. “Together, united, we will not be stopped. And if we get the chance, we kill him then and there.”
“I remember the last time I conspired to kill somebody,” Ryan said. 
“I know, man. I know.”
Ryan turned in place, gazing towards the cliff entry to the hideout, imagining Sonovan in there—in his room—recollecting his entire life. What adventures had he been on? What battles had he fought in? Who had he met across the cosmos? “That guy’s been a father figure to me already.”
“Sonovan?” Johnny asked.
“Yeah. He’s so wise: so interesting and level-headed. I hope to be like him one day. He understands.”
Johnny nodded and replied, “He is truly something special.”
“Where do you think he’s been? The universe is so large and time is so long. He’s been around for one thousand years. What worlds has he been to? What battles did he fight?”
“I suppose I can answer that inquiry,” Sonovan replied. He stood motionless, a few feet away. He walked towards them and sat. “I have been to places you can only dream of, even when I had been by myself after Titan’s resurrection—when I was a wandering man. But when I was of The Shadows, we traveled the galaxy, fighting battles in alleyways, forests, mountains, cities, ships—you name it. You yourselves have not yet experienced that, but you might one day. All I can tell you is this: When with those you love, venturing across space for the light—fighting the dark—you feel limitless. I have lived long and seen all kinds of beings. But the sight of a lost soul is always the same.”
Amazed, neither replied. Sonovan did not add to the short monologue but grasped Ryan and Johnny by the shoulders lovingly. They stayed there, Sonovan in the middle, arms wrapped around each other’s shoulders. It was only for a little while—but to them, that short time elongated into eternity. 

TEN MINUTES LATER

Waking twenty minutes before the set time, Dustin and Sam meandered through the refuge, knowing not of what to do or think. Sonovan found them lost and paralyzed by their fears. 
“Is there anything you need, my compatriots?” he asked, leaning on the corridor wall. He could almost smell their fear in the frigid air.
Dustin rubbed the back of his neck, too emotionally drained to even respond. Sam's eyes darted about nervously, as if searching for something to grasp and hold onto for dear life. 
“Is there anything you need?” Sonovan repeated, stepping closer to them.
Out of nowhere, Dustin began to tear up. He tried to hide it by turning away and pushing the long locks of his hair across his face.
Nothing he could do could conceal anything from Sonovan. The ancient man read him like a book. Stepping between them, Sonovan turned Dustin towards him. “I know what you are feeling,” he comforted. “Many have felt the same.”
Shooting him a glance, Dustin replied, “I don’t know what to do. Look at me! I’m an ordinary guy! I’m not a hero!”
“Do not say that,” Sonovan replied. “Quiet.”
Nevertheless, Dustin persisted. “I don’t have these qualities or the will necessary to prevent my mind from disappearing like Rose! I... I don’t know—” he stammered, sniffling through the tears. Unable to bear his brother’s show of fear, Sam also began to crumble.
“Quiet, please,” Sonovan repeated but, unable to stop, Dustin continued to stammer out words of trepidation and distress. Finally, Sonovan took matters into his own hands. “Quiet!” he boomed, grabbing Dustin by the shoulders. Dustin and Sam both looked up in shock. “Say no more! The words you speak bring only disaster!” Frozen, the brothers just stared at him. “If you want to save every person you hold dear, you must be attentive right now whilst I speak.”
“I don’t know either—” 
“It is not for you to know! Listen to my words. Heed them. Your only hope is in yourselves. If you do not focus and keep yourselves optimistic, you will never prevail. The will to succeed will only come if you believe you will succeed. There can be not an ounce of doubt, for the enemy will use it to his advantage!”
“You don’t understand,” Sam retorted. Dustin rubbed away the snot from his nose. “We aren’t these people you say we can be. We’re just—”
“Quiet!” Sonovan boomed again. “I understand perfectly. You think you cannot, but the truth is the very opposite. Trust me, I once shared your feelings,” he spoke, eyes far away. 
He remembered. He remembered the first time, and the difficulty he had faced. “But in the hour of need, you will rise to the occasion. Because if not you, then who? I see it in you, for you are the chosen ones, but have yet to accept this. When you look into the eyes of the Titan, you will attain that which I speak of, for fear shall find you again. Fear of losing everything you care about. And in that moment, nothing can ever again stand in your way.”
Eyes wide, they both stared, blinking several times to make sure they had heard correctly. No man had ever spoken with such authority, yet such humility. “I-I don’t know what to say,” Sam replied. Dustin stayed quiet, eyes still red from his tears. He knew Sonovan spoke the truth: He had tried to escape, but destiny held him fast.
“Good. I only seek for your triumph, and I only know one truth. If not today, we shall one day prevail and overcome the forces of the Titan. Why? Because I have made myself believe so. If not, I would be worse off than you. The doubt would swallow me up, and my fate would already be decided.”
“I understand,” replied Sam, glancing at Dustin. Uncharacteristically, Dustin’s eyes were narrowed, and he appeared more focused and ready than Sam had ever seen him. In fact, it was as if his brother had become someone new. Dustin nodded in agreement. “You have opened my eyes,” he replied, looking up to Sonovan in respect, but also with a solemn readiness for the time coming.
Holding his gaze, Sonovan instinctively knew he had accomplished the responsibility that life tossed at him in that minute. “I know I have,” he answered. “Never fall prey to doubt. You are prepared.” Smiling, he watched the two sauntering off together down the corridor, where the dim light gave way to the brightness beyond. Dustin turned his head once and nodded, the body language speaking for itself. 
Only a very brief stretch of time went by before Sonovan called this primed and ready band of heroes he had mobilized together.
“My allies, the moment is upon us. Dustin, activate the portal to CS0341, Herook.”
“Already set.”
“In the short time I’ve known you all, I have become fond of you. This is not the end. Remember, believe in yourselves. If you believe hard enough, Titan's power can do nothing to harm you. Believe in yourselves as I do. Then, we can never fail.”
“I am so hyped,” Sam replied. “Let’s get this show on the road.”
Sonovan raised his hands to the sky. “Oora, I call on you. Fill me.” A hole opened in the room, and a jet-black mist flowed from it. Before anyone could understand what was happening, the mist touched Sonovan’s skin.
Contact was made on the fingers first, and then the blueish-blackness traveled down his arms, up his neck, and finally down to his feet. His appearance had changed from human to a celestial being. Mist clothed him and surrounded his body, similar to dust attracted to an object. His eyes illuminated into flashlights, piercing through even the darkest and most opaque environments. The mist resembled a shroud, for a few parts of his body were not covered by the Ooris. It moved about continually, as if alive.
“Wow, just wow. I’m amazed, to say the least,” Johnny exclaimed. 
“Can I touch it?” Sam joked. 
“No, you cannot. Focus. Our moment of truth is here.”
“You look dope,” Ryan added. Both of Ryan’s hands reached the rock floor. “Bulk time.” The particles contacted his skin, activating his absorption powers. The millions of them traversed the floor into his body. In about twenty seconds, he had grown seven inches, his voice changed to a deeper tone, and his form took on the dark gray appearance of a rock.
“Yep, this is so fitting for me,” he exclaimed as he flexed his muscles. “I like the term Rocky. You guys remember that? Damn, that was weeks ago.”
“Yeah, I guess you weren’t blessed with the ability to control flowers,” Sam replied.
“Blessed? Nah, that’s a curse.”
“Whatever you say, Rocky.”
Ryan smiled at the new nickname.
Dustin swung his arms and the generator inside his armored outfit activated. A light shot out from his chest. They heard rumblings beneath their feet. As it had before, the sphere rose from out of the ground. It rotated as it lay in wait for the travelers.
“That is so awesome.”
“I’m never gonna get used to that.”
“Yeah, well it’s only open for fifteen more seconds, so I recommend you move it,” Dustin motioned.
Johnny went first, followed by Ryan, Sam, Dustin, and Jane. Sonovan took one last look at his hideaway, wondering if he would ever see it again. Then, he too took the jump. 
The ride was short and fast. Almost instantly, the group landed on the other side, right in the middle of the command station.
Soldiers turned in shock and recognized Sonovan Lung. Their eyes widened. Captains and commanders acted promptly. Their blasters and weapons were in their hands at a moment’s notice.
Sonovan was ready. “Red!” he shouted. 
“Yes sir!” Ryan corresponded. 
Dozens of soldiers arrived on the scene. Johnny sprang upon them, and the rest followed his lead. Ice poured from Sam’s hands, and Dustin united his power with his brother's. The air from his palms blew in such swift currents, no one could withstand it. “Watch out for the blasters... or wrist rockets!” he screamed.
The blue and yellow streaks flew by them, some only missing by inches. Johnny took care of most of the fire, though. Johnny sprinted, speed doing the work for him as he slipped through elegantly. He stripped the guns from the guards and tripped each. Jane telekinetically pinned the soldiers to the wall and flung them into each other, cracking the helmets. 
Ryan was busy doing his thing. He kicked one soldier in the ankle, following the spitefully weak attack with a spinning side kick. The brutal strike broke every bone in the poor soldier's body as he launched her into three more.
Two soldiers appeared behind Ryan and fired shots. They obviously hadn’t realized Ryan’s power. The blasts of normally fatal energy bounced off his body. Johnny was there in an instant and stripped them of their weapons. Sam noticed and froze them. Ryan smiled and a single crossover side kick was enough to do the job. The ice shattered their bodies. Four more armed soldiers were behind the ones who had been killed, so Ryan leapt like a cat towards them, arm outstretched in a fist. They froze in fear. Ryan’s fist rammed into them, rocketing their insubstantial bodies into the back wall. The force of the impact was so great that they went straight through it. Another ran at him from behind, shooting like a madman. The fire bounced off his frame. Ryan elegantly spun around into a spinning hook-kick: an instant kill-shot.
More soldiers and guards were summoned. “Get everyone in here! We’re under attack!” Before the commander could add more, Sonovan came up behind him and kicked him between the legs, elbowed his side, and kneed him in the perfect spot to render him useless in the fight. Though not at Johnny Sparks' levels of speed, Sonovan had done it all within seconds. 
Two more soldiers came up behind him and fired. Sonovan dodged both and swept the guards’ legs. The power was with him now. The Ooris ripped their legs off their bodies. To complete the combo, Sonovan jumped high and punched his fist into the floor, which sent a shockwave of Ooris into the ground, erupting like an earthquake. The ferocious and unexpected attack killed all soldiers within a twenty-foot radius. 
“Couldn’t have done that earlier?” Ryan exclaimed. Sonovan smirked and looked for more opponents to eliminate. Truly, he had missed this. Centuries of nothing—of desolation—and now he was back in the game, more alive than ever. Eyes burning, he truly considered he had been transported into the past once again. All that was necessary in each strike was a bit of power, which, when executed, caused the opponents to either explode from the pure Ooris, or threw them into walls, backs breaking upon impact. As he had stated, not even Ryan Slade had yet accessed this power, and he never would, for only Sonovan Lung was of untainted, clean Ooris. The only other being who could generate similar power was Titan himself. 
Sam froze the remaining troops, whose numbers had dwindled to almost zero. Sonovan snuck up behind one, who tried to flee, but to no avail. He kicked him into Ryan’s punch. That was it for him. He exploded like a grenade. The last four attempted desertion, but Dustin pushed them into a wall, and Jane used a great amount of mental strength to collapse it on top of them. They had rid themselves of every enemy. The station had become a ghost town.
“Woo-hoo! We’re on a roll!” Ryan exclaimed.
“Yeah! You were awesome! I was awesome! It was all so awesome!” Sam added in exhilaration. “Or I can just say it was cool, if you know what I mean.”
Johnny fist pumped Jane, who reciprocated. “Great job, that was awesome.”
“I know,” she replied. “I like being a hero.”
Those words brought Johnny back to the alleyway where he met Jane. He remembered Z, clear as day, speaking to him. 
Remember Johnny, just do what you do best. Be the hero.
“Right, Johnny?”
Jane snapped him out of his stupor. “Huh, what? Oh, yeah. Ditto.”
“That’s what I thought. It was such a breeze,” Dustin laughed.
“Really?”
“What? I have great pun game too.”
Sonovan walked over to them and wiped the blood off his currently half-Ooris, half-human fingers. “Brilliant, my friends. But it is not over. I will now put on the invisibility suit. It will render me undetectable.” Once it was applied, Sonovan disappeared from sight.
A strident noise echoed in the sky above. They looked up to see a small craft descend into the station among them.
The dirt was kicked up and the bodies were blown aside as it landed like royalty arriving. Its main door slid apart, and out stepped an armored woman. She had red hair and they recognized her instantly.
“Rose,” Ryan whispered. 
Johnny glanced at him. “You know what to do.”
She glared at them but said nothing, eyes like daggers. Then suddenly, Justice leaped into the air, fire screaming out of her hands. The impact on the way down blasted heat in all directions, unleashing a surge of energy which sent the heroes tumbling into the broken-down wall.
Grimacing, Ryan shouted, “This isn’t you, Rose!”
She glared at him, eyes icy. “It is now,” she spat. They painfully picked themselves up to face her again. 
Ryan approached her. “Look, we don’t want to fight. Titan is controlling you. You must overcome your problems and fight it. You are a fighter. Please, do it for us, but especially for yourself.”
“Actually, Mr. Slade, Titan is expecting you. That was a welcome gesture. Come along at once.”
The group, including the invisible Sonovan, boarded her craft, where seven other fully-equipped soldiers stood like figurines. 
“Rose, listen to me. Fight it.”
She turned to him. “Do not say that again.”
“Or what? Little Titan is going to get mad? Aw!” Johnny heckled.
Instead of responding, she remained calm. “You will see.”
“We’ll see him lose,” Johnny replied.
“You will see your lord, your salvation,” she retorted.
The craft took off, leaving the station in ruins. In a short time, it was in the outer atmosphere as it climbed away from Herook. Invisible, Sonovan looked down on the planet as he could see more and more of its spherical form. That was where he had been all this time. That had been home for years upon years.
Soon, the group could see Titan’s gargantuan ship, hovering above like a demonic spirit. 
“Permission to access Bay 1,” the pilot spoke into the system.
“Granted,” was the answer.
The small craft docked in the Titan’s main docking bay. Like the first time, they stared, without speaking, at all the equipment, technology, and ships dotting the loading bay. Passing soldiers in blue, green, and yellow armor eyed them with curiosity and suspicion. Justice led the way to the elevator, and they entered.
Invisible and therefore undetected, Sonovan ran over and disengaged a craft they could appropriate to escape. The plethora of noises and sounds made by the ship made it difficult to carry out without attracting notice, but he managed it and met his allies near the elevator, sneaking in just before the door closed. His training allowed him to move inaudibly. Not even Justice heard his entrance.
The elevator ride to the throne room was silent. In a short while, they reached the top and disembarked into the throne room of the Titan, Emperor of the Tetra.
CHAPTER 29

THE MIND


The throne room stood in eerie silence when the elevator opened. On the opposite side of the huge room, Titan stood with his arms crossed in front of him. As usual, he was staring out of the giant window, but turned when he heard their entry.
“My young heroes,” he greeted, lowering his head to them. “Very nice outfits. Vibrant.” Their suits illuminated in each specific color. Fortification mode had been switched on, initiating the armor to form around their bodies like plates.
“Hello, Titan,” Sam answered. “You’ve gotten smaller since our last meeting.” 
He almost laughed. “I only want to help the humans, like you,” responded Titan, armor clattering on the floor. “My destiny lies in spreading the Justification throughout the universe. We do not need to be adversaries.”
“And you will find our destiny will always lie in your path,” Johnny retorted.
“Is that destiny something you discovered on your own, or has it been told to you?” Titan shot back. “Do not try it, Sparks. Pain is something everyone must endure.”
“Trust me, buddy, you will feel pain,” Ryan replied, smashing his fists together.
“We know you want Earth,” Johnny accused.
“So, Sonovan told you everything, did he?”
“Yes. And he taught us more than you ever could.”
“Impressive! I cannot wait to see how much you have learned and retained.”
“Yeah, just like you said. ‘Come and see.’ Come and see, Titan. Let’s do this.” Johnny backed into a fighting stance, ready to sprint at a moment’s notice. This time, he did not fear Titan. He hated him.
“Slow down, Sparks. There is much for you to know before you throw yourself into the heat of battle.”
“All right, let’s start from the beginning,” Jane coolly cut in. “What do you want Earth for?” 
“If I told you, it would not be much of a secret, correct?” His voice cut off. “My oh my! I sense something with you. Your minds are resilient. I-I have not seen this kind of will for a long time.” Uncharacteristically, Titan had stuttered.
“Glad we could give you déjà vu,” Johnny replied.
Justice surveyed the situation but then walked to stand with Titan. 
Titan continued, “I know you want to fight me, but please, patience! I am sure Sonovan had taught you that from the outset, did he not?” 
“You’re right,” Ryan replied. “He did. But he also taught us something else. Knowledge.”
“Of what? How to be morose and depressed every second of life? Was he not? I shall be greatly disheartened if he was not.”
“Let’s just say we have given him a reason to live.”
“But do you not see? I will bring mankind to the pinnacle of creation! They will be unstoppable!” he bellowed. This might be his last opportunity to turn them to his side. “You, too, can be by my side, with me.” 
“No, we won’t,” Sam replied.
“What you say might be true, but we believe in free will.”
“Free will,” Titan sneered, shaking his head at the comment. “There is no such thing as free will. I learned that many years ago. Your destiny is already inscribed in the annals of time. The future exists at the same time as the past and present. Fate is already written.” With those words, Titan frowned. The last two sentences he had spoken resonated within his mind, but he was unsure why. A clue.
“Our destiny is to never back down from you.”
“And Rose will be ours again,” Ryan added. “No matter what, we’re getting her back.”
“You will be greatly disheartened, then.” As they watched, Titan bent low onto one knee. The rest furrowed their brows at this. Similar to his action on Hallux, a blue orb formed, emerging from his cranium. Out of nowhere, the orb exploded, sending a shockwave of energy through the throne room. Only Sonovan Lung remained unaffected, but his greatest fear had been realized. Their minds had been taken over.

* * *

The team opened their eyes. Each lay on a wet, spongy ground. The atmosphere around them was dreamlike, a light blue. The surface extended infinitely. 
“What... what happened?” groaned Johnny, rubbing his head as he stood. 
“Where are we?” Jane asked.
From seemingly everywhere, a voice resonated. “You are now mine. This is my mind. The genesis.”
“What?” retorted Ryan. To his right, he saw Justice standing. She did not move a muscle and stood like a soldier.
“What are we going to do?” Sam exclaimed.
“Did we just lose?” Dustin added. “No, we can’t!” 
“Oh, but you already have,” the voice answered. The ground beneath shook violently, and they fell like dominoes. Peeking up and rubbing his eyes due to the strange blue colors, Dustin made out a small light. It expanded until legs began to form—and arms—before Titan fully materialized. “Now you see, don’t you?” he asked them, feet stomping onto the ground. “Your gifts are minor compared to the power of the Titan.”
“I will kill you!” roared Ryan, pushing himself up. Before he advanced, the surroundings vanished. He turned in fear. Blackness overwhelmed as light died. “Guys? Johnny?”
“Mr. Slade, it is only you and I.” At once, the blackness was altered, bathing his surroundings in the blue aura from before. Looking around, he could see the others in some sort of transparent cage. 
He ran toward their location, but slammed into a transparent wall. “What?” he growled. He stood up again, placing his hand on the invisible barrier. “Oh God.” In a fit of anger, he punched with all his strength, but nothing could free him.

* * *

Johnny was in his own predicament. When the darkness enveloped him, Titan appeared, but he could only make out the bright crimson eyes of his enemy. “I hope you see the truth now, Johnny Sparks.” The eyes circled him, speaking into his ear like a serpent. Johnny tried his very best to keep the voice away—to shake it off—but to no avail. “You are not fast enough,” Titan whispered as he circled. Being unable to see his form made this real nightmare all the worse. “You never will be.” 
Johnny swung his arms around, attempting to grapple Titan. But the eyes had disappeared, replaced by a large holding cell with invisible barriers. While peering out, he saw Ryan trying to burst out of his own. Johnny banged on the cell. “Let me out of here!” But the worst had not yet passed.
Johnny turned at the sound of crying behind him. The atmosphere around him faded into darkness. In its place, he could make out a single city light. The rain fell sadly. Underneath the lamp's feeble gleam stood a girl with her arms wrapped around herself, shaking in the cold, bleak weather. Johnny sprinted towards her, her weeping chilling his heart. Upon his arrival, the girl looked up to him. “J-Jane?” he asked. “What happened?” The rain had him soaked and shivering.
Still crying, Jane answered, “You couldn’t. You weren't fast enough. You will not save us.” Johnny began to shake his head, tears forming in his eyes. “Face it Johnny! We cannot beat him! He is more powerful than we are together! His armies reach into the billions!”
At this comment, Johnny stared intently into Jane’s eyes. He narrowed his own. “After everything Sonovan has taught us, you say that?”
“It’s the truth!”
Johnny shook his head. He stood over her, glaring into her eyes in a way he wished he would never have to. “Get out of my head, Titan.” At once, Jane vanished, fading away like a mirage. Out of nowhere, a large fist contacted his chest. He was punched into the ground. Yet, its support went out from under him. He felt himself falling and falling, to a place so deep, so dark. 
Without warning, his body landed on a hard surface. He pushed himself to a standing position and quickly looked around. He had landed inside some sort of ancient corridor. The walls were constructed of gray bricks. He walked down its passage, but there was nothing on the walls except a single flaming torch. Gathering it in his hand, he examined the area.
“Where am I?” he shouted. The echoes served as the only reply, reverberating down the alley. “Deep breaths Johnny. Deep breaths. This isn’t real. He’s trying to scare you. I’m not afraid of anything you throw at me!” 
Turning a corner, the flames’ light illuminated a chair with a large skeleton on it. Johnny jumped. Upon further inspection, he realized that the chair was a throne. He squinted to make out a gold-plated label adjacent to the skeleton’s head. 
Johnny Sparks. 
His heart almost stopped beating. Titan had struck fear into him now. “Ugh... argh! Come out! Face me!” Turning, he bolted down the dark corridors, desperately trying to escape the sight. After many turns and non-stop running, Johnny came to a dead end. Across the blockage was a horrendous sight. There were dead bodies—Sonovan, Dustin, Sam, Ryan, Jane... and his parents. He backed up, clearly unprepared. 
He thought frantically. What had Sonovan told him? How could he conquer this fear? “Just remember, Johnny,” he told himself. “Remember what he said. Remember.” Then he recognized the perfect inspiration had been with him all along. “Do what you do best. Be the hero. Be the hero, Johnny. Be the hero. Be the hero!” He screamed, rushing towards the wall, only envisioning one outcome: his breakthrough. And he did. The wall, including the bodies, burst open as he rammed straight through. 
He did it. On the other side of the superficially impenetrable divide, he found himself inside a dark and dingy room with a small blue light in the corner. It was very Earth-like. There was a ghostly whisper. “Extraordinary,” it said.

* * *

Despite his desperate attempts, Ryan could not break free from his entrapment. “You couldn’t save me,” said a voice. He gulped, dreading the figure he knew he would see. Before him was Rose, not Justice, wearing the same clothes as when he had first met her on that fateful day. 
“Rose? I know. I couldn’t save you. But I will. I don’t know when.” He walked closer until he was hovering over her body. “But I will save you if it’s the last damn thing I ever do.”
“You can’t.”
“I will, Titan. My desire makes it so. Just like how, uh, Zydok had done. Sonovan told me about him.” 
From seemingly everywhere, Titan growled, “And where is he now, Slade?” Rose vanished. Ryan could feel his own psychic power increasing. Maybe, just maybe, he could prevail.

* * *

Sam and Dustin were both kept far apart. Despite what Titan had put them through—the exact events Johnny had gone through—they remained resilient. Out of the entire team, including Jane, they had been the strongest. Anything Titan threw their way had been pushed aside. Not even their parents proved to be a threat to their mental strength. But then Titan found their weak spot.
“Dustin, do you see that?” asked Sam, pointing through the blackness towards two elderly people standing huddled together. For once, the twins were together. “Is that...”
“Grandma? Grandpa?” finished Dustin. They both ran toward them and hearts hammering. They looked exactly the same as just before their deaths.
“Dustin. Sam. You abandoned us. You were selfish then! How can you expect to prevail when you abandoned your own family?”
Sam glanced at Dustin. “Don’t let him get to you. Don’t.” Nevertheless, Dustin approached them, clasping his grandmother’s hand. 
“I’m sorry we couldn’t save you,” he croaked. “I miss you so much.”
“We miss you, too,” responded his grandfather. “We love you always, no matter what you do.”
Sam, now next to his brother, brought their grandfather into a hug, and he reciprocated. Speaking into his ear, Sam said, “We will prevail. For you.” He then backed away, as did Dustin. The elderly couple smiled sweetly, but their eyes shifted into hellish red. The brothers moaned in fright. 
“You won’t,” was the low, hoarse reply. Titan had spoken through the fake bodies. Both vanished.

* * *

Jane could not see a thing. Panic and distress began to settle in. “Where are you?!” she screamed, dreading the moment of his appearance. “Come on! Show yourself!” It became apparent that there would be no answer. Her heart-pounding anxiety rose the more time elapsed. She began to worry an escape was impossible. Tip-toeing through the blackness, she tried to feel her way, though there was no wall to fall back upon. She felt like she was drifting, alone, in the middle of an ocean, with no bottom or barrier. She could faintly hear the sounds of multiple voices, but each so low in tone and pitch she couldn't make out any words. The sounds would fleet through her hearing and then out, taunting her.
Without warning, a light turned on in the distance, illuminating one small spot in the dark, sodden wasteland. Two people stood erect in the beam of light. A dog sat between them. “Mom? Dad? Mom! Dad!” She rushed to their location, but smacked into an invisible barrier. Upon collision, she bounced off and onto the sodden, muddy terrain. From the ground, she looked up at them. Both were dressed in casual attire but totally expressionless, eyes fixed ahead. 
She got up and placed her fingers on the barrier, despite neither person nor dog making a move. “I love you... but none of this is real.”
A voice spoke in her ear. “You made it real.” At once, the scene vanished, leaving her alone. 

* * *

Suddenly, the cages they had been locked inside opened and faded away. Brushing off the dust, Johnny, Jane, Dustin, Sam, and Ryan walked out of their prison. “What the hell?” said Johnny. “Guys? Is this really you?”
“Johnny?” asked Jane. She had been crying.
“Jane?” he responded. He ran over to her. “Are you all right? Are you OK?” 
“No,” she replied, shivering. Had she been in ice? “I-I’m not. He s-s-showed me m-my pa-parents.”
Johnny sighed and brought her into a hug. He nearly got lost for a minute, just standing there, holding her, as she cried into his shoulder. 
“I hope that was a good appetizer,” said Titan. The being materialized again, except this time, he was not alone. Fifty Titans appeared around the team. The heroes backed into a small circle. “Many of me, and so few of you. It’s a foreshadowing, really.” 
“What are we going to do?” Ryan whispered.
Sam and Dustin remembered what Sonovan had taught to them. This was why. This very moment was why he had taken them aside. “We don’t fight,” Sam directed. “We just don’t fear.”
“What?” questioned Johnny. “What do you mean?”
“It’s like Sonovan said,” Dustin replied. “We overwhelm him with our desire. This can be the only way out of here.” The brigade approached closer still, boxing them in. He had the team cornered right where he wanted them. 
“You’re mine now,” Titan taunted. The contingent of Titans prepared to eliminate the team. 
“Do whatever you want. I do not fear you,” countered Dustin.
“Neither do I,” added Sam. The brothers faced Titan down with deadpan expressions, unafraid.
One by one, twenty of the fifty opponents disappeared. Their heads collapsed into their necks and they simply vanished.
At the same time, Dustin and Sam faded away. Johnny and the others gulped. “Uh, was that supposed to happen?” Johnny said. 
“I think so,” Ryan answered. “They made it out.”
“Argh!” roared Titan. “You must be the strongest I have ever come across. Who are you?!”
At once, the remaining three were separated into jail cells again. The walls were soaked in blood, with bones and skeletons scattered around each cell like features of the terrain. “You will kneel,” said the voice. 

* * *

Back in reality, Dustin and Sam were freed from Titan's mental grasp. Somehow. They had grown very strong.
“We did it!” exclaimed Dustin. Around them stood the static bodies of the others, including Titan. All of their eyes gleamed a demonic black.
“But we have to get them out too,” Sam replied. “Let’s not celebrate yet.”
“Sonovan, you still here?”
Though invisible, Sonovan responded to them. He had the faith they would survive, and his faith in them was rewarded. “I am amazed, my friends. I truly am. But do not speak with me. Now is not the time. We must continue. You passed the most excruciating part.”
Sam’s white hair was strewn across his face, so he paused to fix it. Dustin channeled his power. He focused a vortex of wind on Titan’s body. In one swift motion, the air whisked Titan into the glass with such ferocity that it seemed even the stars shook. 

CHAPTER 30
VERSUS

Inside the psychic arena, Titan was priming to overpower the final three that remained: Jane, Ryan, and Johnny. Before he could enact his sinister plan, there resonated an thunderous, ear-splitting snap. Titan’s mind ripped away from theirs, liberating them from his psychic clutches. Sam and Dustin had forced him out, leading to the demise of the imaginary world he had constructed.
As the illusionary surroundings vanished, the team regained their eyesight and full mobility. Back in reality, Titan glared furiously at the brothers. “Impressive.” Titan, standing, was not deterred by their narrow escape. Johnny, Jane, and Ryan collapsed to the floor. Justice stood close by. “Your minds. I was wrong. Much, much more resilient than I had thought.” These kids were starting to be like a fly that dodges every swat.
“Thanks guys,” Ryan said to the brothers. “Owe you one.”
“Yeah,” added Johnny. “Thanks.” Coughing, Johnny helped Jane up. “Like I said, Titan, déjà vu.”
“Yeah, what he said,” Ryan affirmed. 
“Let us finish this,” growled Titan.
Johnny smirked. He sprinted full speed and socked Titan in the chest with an elbow and kicked the leg, collapsing him to one knee. The size difference brought to mind David and Goliath perfectly. Despite his size, Titan responded like a lightweight boxer and grabbed Johnny, throwing him into the ground like a ragdoll. 
Justice acted as soon as the first attack was thrown. Six against two. In the corner, Sonovan waited for the proper moment.
On the ground, Johnny screamed, “Ryan, watch out!” Justice leapt and attempted to light him aflame, but Ryan dodged the attack. Justice continued to relentlessly blast fireballs at him and Ryan continued to parry the attacks, the flame-balls bouncing off in all directions. 
Jane, standing next to Ryan, focused and pulled Justice out of the air and to the ground. Unfortunately, she got up uninjured and even more pissed off than before.
“You will all kneel!” Titan bellowed. 
“Sam! Go! Ryan! Go!”
Sam shot ice blasts, but to no avail. Titan pushed them aside with his power. Johnny attempted to sprint, but Titan telekinetically stopped him mid-stride. “Slow down, Sparks.” Before he could break Johnny into two pieces, Ryan sprinted and tackled Titan. The impact slammed Titan into the ground. Seeing his face unprotected, Ryan punched Titan over and over. His hand reached back to rip the wire out of Titan’s head, but he was too late. 
Mind on overdrive, Titan telekinetically pushed Ryan off him and let him dangle in the air. He was nearly crushed under Titan’s mental grip.
Johnny had seen it unfold, and rushed to help. Titan saw him coming and back-kicked him. Johnny flew across the room. Hearing Ryan scream, Dustin turned and yelled, “I got you!” The air accelerated into a focused tornado, which blew Titan off his feet. 
Ryan fell to the ground, but stood back up, rage filling his vision. “You’re dead,” he spat.
The two fought hand-to-hand. Titan unleashed a flurry of elbows and strikes on Ryan, who covered and dodged like a boxer. Then Titan executed a ridge hand, which was succeeded immediately by a spinning hook-kick, truly a sight to behold given the size of the Emperor of the Tetra. Ryan ducked, and, recognizing an opening once again, employed the lesson he had been taught. Shoulders square, he pushed off his back leg and smashed into Titan, causing him to lose balance. He followed it up with a spinning side-kick and landed with several hammer fists and elbows. 
Although presently invisible, Sonovan beamed—his training was being put to good use. Ryan recognized an opening to unhook the cord that connected to his head. “Take this, you tall bastard! Johnny, do it!” 
Titan had turned in time and elbowed Ryan in the ribs. The strike sent him crashing onto the impossibly clean, mirror-like floor. “You are nearly as powerful as I, Slade,” he said, “but not enough.”
Sam seized the chance and froze Titan on the spot. The ice crept up his leg and began to engulf his body. 
Meanwhile, Justice was dealing with Jane and Dustin. Every attack Justice threw was pushed away by air. For her, it was frustrating. That was obvious due to the excessive number of growls. She was almost animalistic in her behavior.
Jane stepped in front of him to shove her back. Instead, Justice jumped over both of them and landed behind their shoulders. She kicked Dustin and spun into yet another side-kick onto Jane’s back. Jane flew into Dustin at a high speed. 
Titan, frozen on the ground and vulnerable, bellowed, “Justice!”
She rotated her head and saw Titan in ice. Instinctively, she blasted him with a dose of pure fire, melting his icy prison. Telekinesis did the rest, and the frozen shards floated from his body.
Johnny advanced in earnest, aiming for the wire, but Titan was ready once again. “No, you will never succeed, Sparks,” he replied, grabbing Johnny by the throat.
With the distraction, Ryan and Sam attempted to attack again. Ryan leapt from his position and would have landed a punch if Titan had not stopped them both; one hand stopping Ryan, the other Sam. He shoved them to the floor once again. 
Johnny, Sam, and Ryan attempted another attack, but it was too late. Titan raised his arms, and along with them, a clear, telekinetic shield formed around his body, impervious to any melee attack. They were repelled like mosquitoes.
Jane got up and froze Justice. She also shoved Titan away from her compatriots. Dustin mimicked her by causing a hurricane-force stream of air on Titan and Justice. She slammed into the glass, and so did Titan. He grunted from the pain, and the indignity of being caught off guard. Not even his telekinetic shield could protect him from a focused blast such as that. 
Their will is very strong, he perceived. After all, they had nearly broken through my own mind—though they are not strong enough to tread the full distance. Not yet, at least. 
Jane again latched onto Titan. Her first idea was to face plant him into the floor.
“Your power is not strong enough,” he replied. Her eyes widened and his hand rose. “Strong, but not strong enough. You are nothing without the Ooris gifted to you—nothing.” Jane rose into the air with the motion of his hand. She shrieked as the force upon her neck increased drastically. Only seconds would pass before it crossed the threshold into fatality.
“No!” Johnny screamed. His body reacted to the adrenaline, catapulting him into Titan. It was a sufficient impact. Titan slammed into the glass again, but it still held fast.
Johnny relied on his reflexes and instincts alone from this point on. His reverse and hook punches, as well as a slew of roundhouse, hook, and front kicks were smooth and quick, and they did what he needed. After a rapid flurry of blows, he slid through Titan’s legs and to the opposite side.
Sam was busy with Justice. At one point, the fight was a stalemate, but that quickly altered. Her anger burned like the fire she discharged as she floated high above the floor. She released her fiery attacks momentarily, and without warning, her feet pounded into the ground, closely followed by her fist. The force of the impact sent them both into the wall. It also lit the spot she had vacated in flames. 
Nobly walking through the fire, she smiled to herself. “Yes, I am stronger,” she growled. “There is only Justice.”
Ryan utilized Titan’s distraction. Dustin joined forces with him, pushing Ryan through the air as Ryan executed a flying side-kick on Titan’s shoulder. 
Titan once again flew into the glass barrier. The three heroes stood shoulder-to-shoulder and smirked at him. “Not so powerful now, are you?” quipped Johnny. 
The pain surged through Titan, but he relished in it. Hatred is a strong motivator. He stood and limped toward them. “Enough!” he roared.
The heroes never felt this form of force. It inhibited their every move. Even Sam and Jane were thrust from the ground and into the air. No one was safe. 
Justice walked to her master. He stomped forward, pushing their helpless bodies into the back wall, adjacent the main door and pinning them there.
“Don’t you see? You are powerful! You can join me, and we can rule for eternity! I do not want to hurt the humans! I want to save them!” he shouted in emotion, balling his fist. 
“You won’t!” Johnny retorted, unable to wipe off the blood trickling down his cheek. But his healing factor had that covered.
“Oh yes? And who will stop me? What being will prohibit me from accomplishing this? Please, let me know his name! I must find him or her. Is it you? How about Sonovan?”
“It is us! All of us.”
“Why can you not understand? Pathetic. Listen to me now. Despite humanity’s assumption that the universe is a mistake, I refuse to believe everything rose from a mistake in nothingness. What would that lead to, you ask? Ironically, my intellect has brought me to one conclusion: someone created all this. Unfortunately, this creator no longer cares for its creation and has placed the burden upon me to enforce justice and order on the universe that it designed. I will bring the Justification.
“Extraordinary measures require extraordinary wills. Pure justice ignores ethics. If someone prevents true justice from being carried out, prevent them from breathing.”
“A creator would never choose someone as vile as you to police the universe,” Johnny retorted, still bound to the wall. 
“I beg to differ. Listen, here is what will transpire: I will restrain you long enough so that you can be thrown in the Dragonstone cage, where you will stay until I enact the Justification.”
“No!” Johnny answered. 
“Sonovan will stop you!” Sam added.
“What the hell is Dragonstone?!” Ryan blurted. 
Titan did not answer, but deflected. “Now that we mention him, where is Sonovan? Too scared to come himself? Still wallowing in his defeat?” But then, he felt something in his very being. Titan halted in his discourse.
“Not anymore, for what you say will never happen. I’ve been reborn.” It was Sonovan Lung, coming up to Titan from behind. He unfastened the invisibility apparatus from his chest and it fell to the floor like a discarded backpack. “And this time, my eyes are fully set not on your death—but our destiny—our destiny.”
For a short while, no one said a word. Titan and Sonovan glared at one another, each studying the other’s expression and holding a scowl. One set of eyes burned crimson and the other angelic, and both were locked in a hellish staring contest.
“Greetings again, Sonovan. Time has certainly affected you. Was I correct? Is torture of the soul, the mind, and the spirit worse than torture of the body?”
“Yes, you were. But I know of something stronger than you—far stronger. Friendship. If I had known then what I know now, I would have done so many things differently.”
“I am impressed with your students. They have learned much. Nevertheless, it is all for naught.”
“Thank you. I have primed them just to defeat you.”
Titan let out a deep chuckle and shook his head. “Time has not humbled you. Fascinating.”
“No, but it has taught me many things. Unfortunately, Orslon never taught his skill in distraction to me. But time and solitude did.”
Now had arrived the time to flaunt a new ability he had learned through the centuries. Ooris coursed through his already permeated, shrouded body, into his arms. It discharged from his fingertips, the dark-colored energy rocketing out of him like a blaster. The sudden attack was so quick that not even Titan had perceived it from Sonovan’s mind. Titan stumbled back, dazed. In consequence, the others were released from their imprisonment and fell.
Justice screamed in fury and ran to strike them down where they stood. Having known she would resort to a battle, Johnny acted at last—determined to even the playing field and set the score. He sprinted as fast as he could towards Titan, who had not yet created another telekinetic shield around himself. His surroundings moved in extreme of slow motion as he passed by Justice and found the connection on Titan’s head. “I will never slow down,” he said, as if responding to the comment Titan had made earlier.
He ripped the now-single cord from Titan’s head, and Titan collapsed. “No!” he bellowed. Justice fainted like a deck of cards. 
Strange sounds were heard from Titan’s mechanical armor. His bright red eyes rolled back into snow white, and then turned black. “No!” he screamed again. “Revenge!” A clear wave of energy emerged from Titan’s head. 
“Oh shit!” Ryan exclaimed. He ran to Justice and picked her up into his arms. “Guys! Go!”
It was too late. The wave exploded, blowing Sonovan and the others in every direction. “This is not the end!” Titan cried. A blue sphere of energy encompassed Titan as he crouched there on his knees. 
The team had been slammed into their surroundings, hard enough to knock everyone out. Everyone, that is, except for good old Ryan Slade. Johnny Sparks had taken the most brutal hit. His right leg had broken, and he too, slid into unconsciousness. Ryan ran over to help him, but as he inspected the injury, Johnny's body began to repair itself. Multi-colored energy wisped around his feet and knees. 
“Whoa,” Ryan admired. “That’s sick.” Though Johnny was still out cold, only a few minutes elapsed before the leg had fully repaired itself.  Ryan stood and took in the scene. Everyone was out like a light, or at least partially incapacitated. Sparks rained down from the ceiling, and some areas were on fire. He could now hear the sirens buzzing throughout the ship.
“Oh crap.”
Running over to the others, he tried slapping them awake, and thankfully, this worked. Sonovan was first to awaken. “Oh, good. At least you’re alive.” Sonovan helped him in waking the others from their slumber. Thankfully, Jane had landed on Justice’s body, which shielded her from the worst of the impact. The suits also did a fantastic job of absorbing hits. 
Only Justice, or Rose, had not awakened.
“My everything is killing me,” Sam complained. 
“Join the club,” Dustin replied, trying to snap his own back.
“Jane, are you all right?” Johnny asked her. He didn't even know his leg had been broken.
She held her arm, which felt numb. “I will be... we all will.”
“Does this mean Rose is ours again?” Ryan asked Sonovan.
“Likely,” Sonovan replied. He smiled. 
Ryan glanced down at her unconscious body and beamed. He fixed the hair which had been blown across her face.
“You’re ours again,” he said.
Dustin patted him on the back. “I ship it.”
“So do I,” Sam replied, “Even though it cost me one hundred bucks.”
They looked over to see Titan’s sphere still covering his body. “Let me guess, we can’t punch through that.”
“You are correct,” replied Sonovan. “It is a consequence of the beating his armor took. That is its last resort.”
“I... don’t think we will last another bout with him,” Sam groaned, trying to breathe in deep to quench the pain.
“We have to,” Johnny replied. “We have come this far. Now is not the time to quit. But... how did you guys overcome him inside that place? How did you do that?” Johnny looked at the brothers in wonder. 
Sam rubbed the back of his neck, motioning to Sonovan. “He’s a great motivator.”
Sirens rang throughout the ship. Solis was on his way up. He had been ordered to pilot the Titan when the group was brought aboard.
“We had better get out of here,” Ryan asserted.
“Yeah, and like right now,” Dustin added.
“Looks like we will have to fight our way out,” Ryan replied.
“Yeah, leave that to us,” Johnny responded. “Sam, Dustin, and I will do it.”
“What about me?” Jane asked.
Johnny glanced at her and winked. “You just look cute and sit tight.”
“Wow, I never knew you had an ounce of flirtation in you, Johnny!” Dustin exclaimed. “Plus, I’d watch it if I were you. She kicked more ass than you did.”
“Th-That was not a flirt!” Johnny said.
“Yeah it was,” Dustin retorted.
“Nope.”
“Yep.”
“Nope.”
“Yep.”
Sonovan’s eyes alternated between the two as they began to bicker with one another. Ryan rolled his eyes. “Oh my God, shut up! Let’s go!”
“I have set up a ship for us,” Sonovan started. “Its code name is ST12. It is ready in Bay 1.”
“Well! Why didn't you say so?” Sam chuckled. 
“Wait, where will we be going?”
“Back to Herook.”
“Oh, great. Back to Herook. Just where we wanted to go. Can’t we go anywhere else?”
Sonovan shook his head. “Unfortunately, we must pick up necessities that I have left. Have faith, Ryan. Have faith.”
Dustin spoke into Aurora. “Take me to Bay 1 and the ship ST12.”
“Enjoy,” was the reply. 
As always, a sphere rose from the floor. “There’s our taxi.” They jumped through and landed contiguous to the ST12. The craft’s shape was similar to the one Ledarius took them in, except marginally smaller.
“Get in,” Sonovan commanded. “I remember how to operate these.”
Without a second thought, the heroes, having barely escaped with their lives, boarded the craft. “Buckle up,” he directed. The buckles were illuminated yellow restraints that wrapped around their sternum, shoulders, and legs. 
The craft jolted to life and Sonovan took off. Soldiers passing were startled to see the ST12 flying, since it had been decommissioned only days prior.
Nothing could be done, though, as the ship swiftly exited the energy field that barred the ship’s atmosphere from space. 
Sonovan piloted the craft through a short distance of space, and within minutes, they were already in Herook. The hideout was visible only a few miles away. 
“There is our destination,” Dustin pointed. “Again.” 
ST12 parked at the base of the mountain. “Wow, didn’t think I’d see this place again,” Sam said. 
“Yeah, you could say I was pessimistic,” Dustin added. At the same time, his brother activated another portal to the hideout.
“But you guys saved our asses,” Johnny replied. “I never knew you could be so brave. I owe you one. We all owe you one.”
“Thanks Johnny,” replied the brothers simultaneously. “But you can thank Sonovan for that.”
“Don’t thank me,” the said man replied as the wormhole rose from the ground. “I only fuel you. What you do with the fuel is yours to decide.” 
Back in the hideout, Ryan laid Rose on the floor. Her hair fell to her shoulders in a wild mane. He checked her pulse, and to his joy, it beat steadily. Ryan caressed her hair. “You’re ours again,” he said.
“Great, so we’re alive. What do we do now?” Dustin asked. “I got beat to a pulp by both of them, so I need rest.”
Sonovan shook his head in response. “We cannot. The Titan has undeniably already tracked us here. I have been here for ages, but it is no longer a safe refuge. Time is of the essence now. Come with me, all of you. I have a serum which will accelerate your healing factor.”
“You have that?”
“Yes, and I have not used them. About thirty vials are inside their containers. Pure Ooris.”
“Where’d you find them?” Ryan asked.
“A Frontinian gave me them. They are a species who live on the planet Frontin.”
“Damn, there are so many.”
“Of what?”
“Planets.”
“Yes, there are. And an innumerable amount of beings reside out there,” Sonovan said, pointing to the sky. “Somewhere.”
“Well, uh, do we put Rose in the sleep thingy, or just keep her here?” Sam asked.
“Leave her here. Confusion will set in if she wakes there. Now come, leave her. You must take the serum.”
“I hate needles.”

* * *

Solis and an entire squadron made their way up to the throne room. He had been ordered by Titan himself to stay away from the potential conflict but the pungent smell of fire that permeated the air was difficult to miss. Once he entered, he was shocked. Titan was surrounded by an energy field but on his knees. The ceiling was destroyed, and Justice? Nowhere to be found. 
“What the hell happened?” one soldier garbled. 
Solis furrowed his brow underneath the helmet. “Where did they go?”
“I thought you knew,” one said.
“You don’t know where they went?”
“No, my liege, we don’t. They just... disappeared.”
“How?”
“Like I said, I do not know.”
“Well, find out, soldier. Now.”
“Yes sir.”
“And the rest of you can leave,” Solis commanded. “But prepare my Nightkillers.”
The elevator door closed and Solis was left in the room alone. Hesitantly scanning the scene, he shouted, “Argh! Why?!” in frustration. “I thought you were more powerful, Titan.”





CHAPTER 31
NOWHERE TO HIDE


Less than an hour later, Rose woke up. She rubbed her eyes and massaged her head, squinting at the light of the setting Sun. Her surroundings were significantly different from what she last remembered. Her head throbbed. “Oh my God, what happened?” she said to herself. “Hello?” 
Her voice echoed through the hideaway, and the others, preparing to leave, heard it and ran to her. Ryan got there first, almost tripping over his own feet. “Rose!” he exclaimed.
“What happened?” she asked, squinting again to make out Ryan’s form.
“I-I don’t know, but what’s important is that you are OK.”
“Ryan?” she asked, trying to make out the expression on his face.
At least she remembers me, he thought. “Yeah, that’s me! Ryan Slade, remember?”
“Yes, where is everybody else? Where am I?” she asked, taking in this unfamiliar location.
“You are on Herook,” Sonovan said. 
“How do you feel?” Johnny asked. “You don’t look good at all.”
“Yeah, of course she doesn’t. Duh. She’s been through a hurricane,” Dustin said. 
“Yeah, not happy land,” Sam added.
Rose stood up with Ryan’s help, still confused and lost. “There you go,” he soothed. By this time, he had already shrunk from his power form. 
Squinting her eyes, she recognized Sonovan. “Wait a minute. I know you. You are Sonovan Lung.”
“Yes, I am. It is a pleasure to truly meet you. Your friends have told me much about you.”
Without warning, Rose emitted an ear-piercing scream and collapsed to the ground. The memories of what Justice had done returned to her in a flood. “No! No! No! What happened? Dad? Dad! No!” she cried in sorrow and bewilderment. Tears streamed down her face at the memory of her father’s death at her own hands. 
“Rose! What is going on?!” Ryan shouted, kneeling by her. Her forehead bowed to her knees while she wept, vibrant red hair draped over her like a shield. 
“Dad!” she cried again. 
“What? What happened to your dad?” Johnny asked her. “Rose!”
Dustin and Sam, along with Jane, also lowered themselves to huddle round her. “Rose, you need to tell us,” Jane said. “Please...”
So vivid was the memory. Nothing she did could drive it out of her mind. The knife as it pierced Henry’s skin, over and over. His final conversation with Rose. Titan’s response through her. All of it returned to her memory, unrelenting and clear.
Because if I know my daughter well, she never goes down without a fight.
There is not a fight to compete in, I’m afraid.
Rose, if you are in there, never stop fighting. You hear me? Never stop! I love you.
I know.
It was all too much for her. The voices resonated, reverberated, and echoed everywhere, with no regard for her feelings. She sobbed with increased ferocity every passing second, and the only thing the others could do was try to comfort her.
“I don’t have a good feeling about this,” Johnny said, looking at them in concern.
Ryan was close to crying with her and totally out of whack. This was Rose—the girl he had a crush on that stood taller than Everest. The person he believed would always be far stronger than him. But now, she was... human. Broken. Vulnerable.
Sonovan stood up quickly and paced towards the entrance. His fingers brushed his chin as he contemplated. “I know what has transpired.”
Johnny stood up and furrowed his dirty blonde eyebrows. “What are you talking about?”
“Titan had likely told her to destroy her past. If what you said is true, that means the only past she had to kill... was her father.”
“What would that accomplish?”
“After that, she would be malleable. That was the plan. Titan wanted her broken, to forget the only man she ever loved. It gave him full control.”
Ryan’s eyes burned with anger. In fact, his friends had never seen him so full of rage. “No!” he roared. “I’ll kill him myself!” A kickboxing dummy nearby blew apart in his fury. A single punch diminished it to mere dust.
Rose struggled to balance herself. She glared at Sonovan. “This is your fault! You were the one who opened the Xun to our universe a millennium ago! Why? To satisfy your depressed, selfish life?!” she spat in a frenzy of anger, arms flailing about in animation. “Yeah, I heard the story. You killed all those bugs that were released. But the time vortex! You alone are responsible! If you had never committed such a sin, my father would still be alive! Even my real parents would still be alive! Everyone that monster ever came across would have lived in normalcy. Damn you!” She advanced toward him to discharge her wrath, but Ryan stepped in the way, blocking her path. He held her back.
“No, no one else needs to be hurt, Rose.”
“Get out of my way, Ryan,” she hissed, glowering at him.
Despite her resistance, he held her steady. He looked her deep in the eyes, almost lost in them. There were trenches of pain inside them. “Please, come with me.”
Sonovan lowered his head. He knew she was right. What had he done? Why was he so foolish? The pure Ooris of the Shadowverse bathed him, made him stronger than anyone in history, yet at what cost? “I know, Rose. I know. You are right. It was all my doing. The blood of countless people is on me. Because I was foolish. I was selfish. In every sense of the word, I was wrong. Guilty on a trillion counts.”
“Yes, you are!” she spat. 
“Rose, I beg you,” Ryan replied. “Come with me.”
Because of his gentleness, she released herself. He nodded in satisfaction and led her to the cliff outside. She backed out, eyes locked on Sonovan as if on prey, but the man did not turn away from her wrath. His eyes held hers. 
Hmm, he is strong, she noted, despite her grief. 
The breeze cooled them both as they sat on the edge of the cliff, as the night laid its head upon the mountains of Herook. Stars shone as the Milky Way’s arms stretched out across the sky. Now it was Ryan’s turn to comfort.
Marveling at the view, Rose relaxed—at least, as much as she could. Ryan lay adjacent to her, cross-legged, just as Sonovan had shown him. For some time, neither spoke. When he sensed she had calmed down a bit, he began. The beauty of Herook had worked wonders on her emotions.
“Look, I know you feel hatred. But you have to listen to me right now. It will get you nowhere. And yeah, I know the feeling.”
Without glancing at him, she replied, “No, you don’t. I don’t think you could.”
“I never told you.” She glanced at him inquisitively, and he blurted out. “You ever wonder what happened to my Dad?”
She turned fully to face him, for he had piqued her interest. “I thought he just stayed home a lot? Didn’t you tell me he was a wrestler?”
Shaking his head in reaction to her response, he exhaled in sorrow. “No. Here’s what really happened. As you know, I was an only child. One day, my parents took me out for a ride. I was sixteen, and my father was driving. My mom sat in the back, and I in the front passenger seat. Out of nowhere, a piece of shit car hits ours. My Dad, uh, my Dad didn’t... he didn’t m-make it,” he said, his voice cracking. A tear seeped from his eye and fell to the ground. “And worse, the driver was drunk. Turns out he had gotten a promotion and celebrated with alcohol. We were the ones who were affected by his mistake. We were innocent—innocent! 
“Only my mother and I made it out. It was the worst day of my life. For months, I promised myself I would murder the guy who crashed into us. I even had a plan devised. But my mom found out because I had it saved in my documents. I was a dumb wannabe criminal—at least, that what my Mom said. Apparently, it’s a compliment. She forced me to stop, and I was stuck without the revenge I craved so much. And you know what? Even to this day, that anger resides in me. It’s in there. It was all that bastard’s fault. If only he hadn’t gotten the promotion, or if we had not gone for a ride that day. Such small things came together perfectly to cause that horror. To this day, I have never drunk a drop of liquor. I made a vow to never drink.
“But one day I realized there was more to it. If I held onto the anger, the hate, only I would be burned.”
She was awestruck and saddened by his story. “How did you keep such a thing hidden so deeply?”
“It’s like Sonovan once told me. Desire. Will. I no longer wanted to be plagued by the hatred, so I did something about it.”
“I envy you.” She placed her hand on top of his fingers, dwarfed by the size of his. He glanced down and swallowed.
“You can get through this too. You know, when we found out you were taken by that monster... those were some of the worst moments of my life. I was frightened nearly as much as when my father was killed. It brought all those feelings back.”
Her eyes widened. “You were frightened? For me?”
“Uh, yeah,” he responded awkwardly. 
Without hesitation, she started to lean in. He gulped because he knew what this entailed. Those YouTube videos had better not fail me now, he thought.
Just when something was about to happen between the two, Johnny zoomed in, and stopped, shocked. “Whoa, whoa, whoa, am I interrupting anything?”
Ryan gulped again. Rose rolled her eyes, smirked, and helped him up this time. “Uh, no? Yes? I don’t know,” Ryan stammered.
“Really, Johnny? Now?” she groaned. 
Johnny held up his hands in defense and smiled. “All right, sorry. I was just checking to make sure you weren’t impaling him or something.”
She giggled, still gazing at Ryan. That finally hammered the signal into Johnny’s dense head, and he realized he should leave. They were both standing now. Without warning, she planted a kiss on Ryan's cheek. Ryan froze, mentally debating and wondering how a literally fiery girl could make him freeze. 
“That is my way of saying thank you. Thank you, Ryan. You’re such a great guy. I knew you were different from the second I really talked to you. Maybe that’s why Z gave us all these powers and singled us out. Because we’re different. We always would be.”
Stunned, Ryan’s mouthed wordlessly. A few moments were needed before his dazed brain could process events. “Uh, wow. Th-That was so—”
“Don’t ruin it by being yourself,” she cut in, rolling her eyes.
He couldn’t help it. He burst out laughing. “Well, I did go through psychic hell to get you back, so I think I deserved that, honestly.”
“You did great.”
“You knew?”
“I still saw everything.”
Inside, Rose faced everyone in a more civilized fashion. She even met the man she had attacked. “I am sorry for what I said to you, Sonovan.”
Placing a soothing hand on her shoulder, he said, “Never apologize for the truth, Rose. Every word you spoke was nothing but the truth—not lies. A truth I have been burdened with for a millennium. And to add to the list, I am sorry for your father. I am so very sorry, young one.”
A few teardrops welled in her crystal eyes. She wiped them off with her hand. “Every one of you... you are my only family now.”
“Thanks, Rose,” Johnny replied. “We’ll take care of you,” he looked to the others, “together.”
“Oh, I think Rocky here has the caring part already covered,” Dustin chuckled. “Too bad I missed it.”
“Ugh, say goodbye to that money I had bet,” sighed Sam. 
Rose tried to ignore them and glanced to Jane, who kept quiet, as always. “Well, uh, Jane! How have you fared?”
“I’m trying my best,” she answered quietly. “And I don’t think my best is enough.”
“You can’t be that way,” Rose replied, walking toward Jane. She embraced her like a sister. “Insecurity is a terrible thing. I learned that.”
“Talking about learning, what is Titan’s plan?” Johnny interjected, hoping to skew away from that conversation. He felt he should be the one to bolster Jane’s confidence, then wondered why the hell he thought that way—especially since women, instinctively empathetic, usually far surpassed a man in that field.
Rose sat down on the ground, and the rest, including Sonovan, did as well. Her eyes were far away and haunted with a deep fear. “This is one of two reasons why he did not want me ripped from his grasp. Then you would find out.”
Johnny furrowed his brow. “Find out what?”
“His true plan for Earth. What the Justification is really about.”

* * *

Solis had not left Titan. He stood by the recovering Emperor like a son. Eventually, the shield dissipated and Titan's eyes popped open, shining like the red supergiant stars.
“Where are they?” Titan bellowed, scanning the room. He could not lose them. Not again. Not when he had basically beaten them. Twice. Yet, my nemesis finds a way to save them again. Incredible.
“Gone, but not for long.”
“Gone?”
“Back to Herook.”
“So, they are below us.” Titan strode to the outlook point—the transparent barrier providing a gorgeous view of the planet below with its clouds, oceans, and landmasses.
“Yes.”
“I did not anticipate their rapid increase in power. How could I?” he lamented, picking up the wreckage. “And now, I am sure they know my plan. This is the one thing I feared! I failed. My power was not enough to destroy them when I had the chance. Oora is with them, that conniving beast.” 
“My lord, there is little to worry about. Leave them. There is no way to stop us. This ship is the fastest in the universe. We will outrun them before they even step on theirs. And the portal generator is recharging—slow, but getting there. Justice’s voyage to Earth took much energy.”
Titan gazed down at the planet. “What you say is true. But still, send a squadron to them. Fly close, lock on, and completely obliterate their location.”
“Already done. The ZX Squadron just await my orders.”
“We must move quickly. The end is near. Set course for Earth.” Solis bowed and headed out, but Titan stopped him. “Also, I want any criminals on board to be sent here as soon as possible.”
Solis nodded once and left the room. Alone, Titan viewed the  aftermath of the battle. His throne was broken, his ceiling in ruins, and the walls were close to collapsing. A team of some forty attendants were on their way, thankfully. 
“That which is necessary, that I will do,” he muttered.

CHAPTER 32
ESCAPE

Rose leaned back against the stone wall of the mountain, recollecting. “Titan only invades planets when it’s necessary and then he links them into his massive empire. But he only raids planets which he believes need aid—corrupt and suffering worlds, such as Hallux and Corsic. There are many undeveloped worlds with unintelligent inhabitants. These he leaves alone, because they are not civilized. Once a species advances sufficiently, he is there to pick up the pieces.
“But his plan for Earth is different. It is not to destroy them or to invade. The plan is to use humans. He has taken some from Earth and tested them. He claims you have some kind of spirit.”
“Whoa, what? What do you mean?” Sam asked.
“Elaborate,” Johnny requested.
“A spirit. He says it is some form of a trans-dimensional energy. Apparently, he has one too.”
“And how would he know all this?”
“It makes sense. His knowledge of the universe is boundless, as I told you,” Sonovan replied. “This. This is why he wanted Earth so badly the first time I fought him,” he said in dawning realization. “Because of the special trait humans, like myself, possess. But I destroyed him before he had enough time to investigate further. It is all coming together.”
“Right. And he calls it ‘the answer.’ Basically, he wants to become everyone, or for everyone to become him. The idea is to utilize a machine he has already built. First, the machine will expose the Shadowverse to our realm. It will flood the planet with an outburst of the Shadowverse’s energies. Ooris, they call it. Once the whole atmosphere is encompassed by the energy, he will project his consciousness into the machine. And here’s the worst part. Once that happens, everyone is doomed. His spirit will enter our bodies, and he will become each and every one of us. Or, we will become him. I don’t know. The sheer power he will possess will even grant him the ability to morph all of the humans into himself.”
Shocked, the group began to loudly discuss the information, voicing their colorful opinions. Sonovan did not speak, but only listened.
Out of nowhere, a sound of rockets echoed in the distant night sky. “Wait! Quiet! Do you hear that?” Rose hushed.
“Hear what?” Ryan asked.
She held up her hands to shush him. The sound grew louder with each passing second.
“I think I hear something now,” Sam said.
“Oh shit,” Ryan said.
Johnny bolted to the cliff outlook. In the distance, he spotted several bright lights. “Oh no, that can’t be good.”
“What the hell is that?” Dustin fretted, peering to get a better view. 
Sonovan pulled out a small telescope he had acquired over the years. “It’s his forces. We need to abandon this place.” The lights stopped their motion and lined up in a row across the distant sky. Sonovan knew exactly what this meant. “We have to go. Now!” He sprinted into his room and gathered a bag of vaccines, belongings, serums, his swords, and slung it around his shoulders. Everything else he left behind forever.
In moments, the squadron of fighters were firing at them. Everyone ran inside as pieces of the cliff broke off under the relentless impacts. Explosions blew apart the walls of the hideout. There was nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. 
Looking below, Sonovan spotted the ship they had stolen, burning merrily. Their only escape route—their only way off-planet—was demolished. He gulped as it exploded into a pillar of smoke.
“Sam, activate your suit! We need to teleport to a cave in the west! Do you see it?” he pointed to a forested hill to the west, which rose nobly over the valley.
“Yeah, I see it!”
“Do it then!”
Rose unloaded several balls of fire at the brigade, and a few made contact. However, the rest still fired unceasingly, and with the once-safe abode in the mountains now uncovered, fire rained down on it. A screeching, moaning sound emanated from below their feet as Sam tried desperately to activate the Echo. 
“The entire side of this mountain is slipping,” Sonovan revealed.
“Sam, would you hurry up?!” Ryan implored.
“I’m working on it! Shut up!”
“It should be activated by now!” The groans of the mountain increased beneath them.
“Echo, I need you to activate a portal to the hill right there! See it?”
“Affirmative. Activating.”
The sphere popped out of the ground. “Ready. Go!”
The group slipped into it and instantaneously arrived at the mouth of a giant cave. Rushing to view the state of the mountain they had left, they were horrified at the sight. 
“No!” Johnny screamed as he watched the hideout explode into pieces. “No! Goddammit! No!”
“Our ship is gone as well,” Sonovan said.
Slowly, Johnny turned to him. “You have got to be kidding me. Please tell me you are kidding.”
“Wait, what? Our ship is gone?!” Ryan agonized.
“How are we going to get out of here?!” Rose added. “We’re screwed!”
“I think they marooned us on purpose,” Dustin said.
“Yep, we’re screwed,” Sam moaned deeply.
“It’s over. Earth is finished... we couldn’t do it.”
Ryan let out his frustration on the cave entrance, breaking the rock. Rose was about to do the same when Sonovan prevented her. 
“No. If you release your rage, they will spot us.”
“We are marooned,” Jane said. “It doesn’t matter anymore.”
Fate would have it otherwise. Out of nowhere, they heard footsteps approaching from deeper inside the cave. 
“What was that?” Ryan whispered. They all turned to look. 
“Light up your suits,” Johnny directed. Ryan’s illuminated green, Rose’s red, Johnny’s blue, Jane’s gray, Dustin’s gold, and Sam’s white. “Is anyone there?”
The rainbow of colors lit up the cave, but no one appeared. “Must be my imagination,” Ryan said.
“It was not.” They jumped and whipped back around to see a figure in black sweatpants, a jacket, and a white, scribbled mask leaning on the cave entrance. It couldn’t be. “Hello, I believe you are in need of my assistance.”
“Z,” Johnny gasped. “Who the hell are you? How are you even here right now?”
“That is of no concern.”
“You seem to say that a lot.” 
“You were the one who made Titan know we existed,” Ryan said to him. “Why?” 
“He would have come to Earth soon enough.”
“What are you? Some kind of interstellar policeman?” Sam asked.
“No.”
“Then you just like messing with people,” Johnny snarled.
“You see, I’ve done some really horrific things. But now I am giving back to the universe. And the number one priority is you—all of you.” He spotted Sonovan in the back of the group and nodded. “Hello again, Sonovan.” Sonovan nodded in response. “And hello, Jane Cooper. It is a pleasure.”
She was caught off guard as the spotlight had shifted so quickly to her. “Um, hi.”
“I always loved that name. You should be very glad that your parents named you that.” 
“Thank you,” she whispered.
“Hey Johnny, would you look at that! He’s picking her up faster than you could,” Dustin laughed. Johnny jabbed his side. “Ow!”
“Look, are you going to help us or not?”
“Yes, in fact, I am.”
“I saw you on Earth,” Rose interjected. “Why were you there?”
“To make sense of that would require knowledge of many things.”
“What do you mean?”
“One day, but not today. The future will always be a mystery, but the present is where your focus must lie. Neglect of my words will doom us all.”
“How did you get your powers? I have seen you have super speed too.”
“An anomaly.”
“What sort of anomaly?”
Z ignored his question. “I have, for you, a wormhole device constructed by Titan. I have modified it. Now, interstellar distances can be journeyed in a short period of time.”
“Oh my God! Really?” Dustin exclaimed. “Told you! Guardian angel!”
“Yes, really.” He wheeled it out of the shadows of the cave. It was rather large and bulky, with orange stripes on it. Constructed of a core and eight subsequent attachments, Johnny estimated it to be about ten feet in diameter. Some variant of metal housed balls of glowing, cyan energy on the attachments. 
“Holy shit,” Ryan drooled. He reached out an admiring hand.
“Please, do not touch.”
“All right, well, prove your worth and activate it,” Johnny demanded imperiously.
Z obeyed. “Surely.” The mechanism activated, and the blue orbs of energy expanded. Streams of light burst from each orb and integrated into a black sphere. It grew larger as the energies swirled, bathing the room in its intense hues.
Afraid, the group backed up as Z stood calmly in the midst of the chaos. “True power,” he acknowledged. 
The energies ceased their turbulence and the cave fell into silence. But the dark sphere continued to rotate. Their bodies, despite vigorous resistance, were dragged toward its embrace. 
“Whoa, wait!” Ryan yelled. They screamed and struggled as they were sucked into the wormhole. Dustin turned back, as did Sonovan, for a last glimpse of Herook before it was ripped from their view.
Inside the wormhole, space curved and warped in all directions. Stars and galaxies formed its tunnel, thanks to the fifth dimensional warpage. As suddenly as they had been drawn into its gravity, they were dropped off and landed on hard but familiar ground. 
After what felt like so long among the stars, they were home at last. 
CHAPTER 33

SHADOWFORCE


Subject to a crazed indignation he had not experienced in years, criminals were shoved in for Titan to vent his rage, and he slaughtered them without remorse. A seemingly endless repetition of snaps, breaks, and spewing blood gradually soothed his ire. Solis strode in, keeping his gaze firmly averted from the dead, who lay there in mounds.
“My lord, your forces completely destroyed the hideout. The mountaintop is also demolished. But there were no dead bodies found. So, we obliterated their ship, which they stole from us.”
Titan released his telekinetic grip on an already-dead lawbreaker, exhaling deeply as it fell to the floor. “They cannot be far. They are now marooned. Drop a C9 bomb in the surrounding area. I want them dead. Well, possibly. At least scare them a bit.” 
A C9 bomb was the third largest his military had constructed. Yet, its power to destroy was apocalyptic. It would annihilate anything within a three-hundred-mile radius, and the radiation would destroy even more.  
“Yes, my lord.”
“But, make sure the divisions of troops are ready for action once we reach Earth. You can never prepare enough. Heroes always seem to find a way. I want them armed and ready.”
“Of course.”
“Here is my command to you: equilibrium. You understand what that entails, correct?”
Solis nodded once.
Smiling in a sinister manner, Titan bid him away. “Then see to its completion, Solis.” 
“Your command is my life, my lord. Expect it done already.”

* * *

The heroes and Sonovan pressed their faces to the ground. Joy was an understatement. Happiness soaked them in its torrents. Sonovan smelled the ground in earnest admiration, for he had not done so for five-hundred years.
“Home at last! Never have I been so glad!” he exclaimed, smiling from ear-to-ear. “And still, it retains its beauty!”
“We’re back! Holy crap!” Ryan exclaimed as well. He ripped out grass and rubbed it against his cheek. The others, to their own surprise, did the same.
“Oh yeah, I can be here all day!” cried Dustin. 
“I almost want to eat it,” Sam added, motioning to the dirt.
“Ew, no. That’s disgusting,” Rose replied. Jane laughed.
Only Johnny remained standing. He faced Z. The man seemed strangely familiar, yet so dissimilar to anyone he had ever met. “Look, I think I was wrong about you. So, I’m sorry for that.”
Z shook his head and gave Johnny a hard look from behind his mask. “There is nothing to be sorry for, Johnny Sparks. The one you had met before was not... really me. He was a fake. That was not Z.”
“Then who are you?”
“I am Z. Just... not him.” At this, Johnny furrowed his brow in confusion.
After a few seconds of silence, Johnny responded, “Is your name really Z?”
“What do you think?”
“I don’t know anything anymore. What I’ve been through has generated questions I have no answers to.”
“At one time, I felt the same. Don’t worry. Heroes always figure it out in the end.” His scribbled mask moved with his mouth as he spoke.
“Can you join us? It’s fine if you keep the mask on. But we need more help. A lot more help.”
“No. This is your fight. I have to free more planets, you know? Well, among other things.” Unlatching a case he had brought with him, Z drew out a long, thin cylinder. Johnny inspected it, but the cylinder was absent of any form of writing. It was smooth and gray. “Just do what you do best. Be the hero,” Z instructed.
That phrase again, Johnny noted.
By this time, the others had come over. Ryan leaned in. “Hey, whoever you are, I want to shake your hand.”
Z extended his hand as well. “Thank you, Ryan. Godspeed. Godspeed to all of you. In whatever you do, do good.”
Johnny shook his hand as well—a firm grip. “Good luck. But, uh, will I ever see you again?”
“Possibly,” Z replied. The machine activated, although not to produce the familiar wormhole. A clear, mirrored circle appeared out of the cylinder, flashes of blue emanating from it. In a glimmer of time, Z collapsed into it and disappeared.
“What the hell was that? That was not a wormhole.”
“I don’t know,” Johnny replied, his eyes staring into the place where Z had been.
“I am sure it was not,” Sonovan replied. 
“Then what could it have been?” 
“Something else. I do not know.” 
“Well, what the hell are we supposed to do now?” Ryan. “We just went through a week-long journey through time and space, and now it’s almost over.”
“Yeah, what do we do now?” Dustin added.
“What about Henry? She, uh, you know, did that stuff to him. Is she a suspect?”
“How am I supposed to know?” 
“Please don’t mention it,” Rose requested. “Ryan and I will go check. Then we’ll see his mom. We are still labeled missing, so we had better keep quiet.”
“No, that is not what’s going to happen,” Johnny responded in a commanding tone. “We’re going straight to the White House. After that, we can do whatever we want. I bet Kevin thinks we’re dead.” 
“No offense, but that is a much better plan,” Sam said, pointing at Johnny in approval.
“Thank you.” He quickly glanced at Rose. “No offense.”
“I don’t really care. Let’s just get a move on.”
“Echo, activate bridge to the White House in Washington, D.C., United States of America, Earth,” spoke Sam. “And yes, we are in Quadrant 33 of the galaxy MW1.”
“Granted. Enjoy the trip.”
“I don’t think it was necessary to say all that,” Jane replied. 
“It sounds cooler. I saw it on the hideout entry.”
A wormhole opened and they took it, the trip a breeze after all they'd been through. They arrived at the front door of the White House. “What a place to be dropped off, Echo!” Ryan exclaimed. Guards and secret service drew their guns and weapons.
“Freeze!” they commanded in unison. 
“That’s my line!” Sam shouted back.
Johnny ignored them and sped everyone in and straight to the President’s desk.
The President was interrupted and nearly called his secret service in. Fortunately, the guards were already on their way to the door.
“What is the meaning of this? Do you know who I am?”
“Wait! Mr. President, don’t call anyone! We can explain and are here to warn you!” Johnny implored.
“Warn me?” the President asked, amused. “A bunch of kids? Warning me? About what?”
“More like a bunch of badass superheroes!” Dustin replied.
“How about the end of the world?” Ryan asked flatly. The President eyed him.
“How did you even get in here?”
“Long story. But, if you care about anything on this planet, you have to listen to us.”
The guards stormed in. “Freeze! Hands behind your backs!”
“Didn’t I already tell you not to use my line, boys?” Sam retorted. 
“Wait!” the President ordered. “Leave them.”
“But Mr. President! These are criminals! Trespassers! Not to mention, possibly spies!”
“No! We aren’t spies! Honestly!” Johnny defended vehemently. 
“Quiet!” the President boomed. “I want to hear what these superheroes have to say.” Intrigued, he sat back and waited. The guards and secret servicemen lowered their weapons. “Please, elaborate.”
“Rose, you go first.”
She stepped forward. “This is an honor, Mr. President. Please, get comfortable. This will take a while.” She, along with occasional corroboration from the others, explained every event that had transpired in the past several days. In fact, she even mentioned how Titan controlled her for a while, and she had served him only. 
“The Shadowverse is an alternate universe, filled with Ooris. It lies beyond ours. Titan harnessed this power to create his empire, called the Tetra. And he’s now coming here, to Earth. Our friend, Z, as I told you, built us a device to get back here. Without him, we’d still be stuck on Herook.”
The President frowned, bewildered and disbelieving. “So, let me get this straight, a giant alien madman, who has built an empire throughout the galaxy, is coming here to invade our bodies?”
“Yes, that is correct,” said Dustin, nodding.
“Mr. President, take that with a grain of salt. That’s impossible,” one serviceman cut in. 
“Well, how do you think we got here? A portal. You want to see one?”
“And how do you think we can do this?” Sam replied. He froze the glass of coffee on the President’s desk. Johnny sprinted across the room. Rose lit her arm on fire, and extinguished casually.
“Wow,” the President marveled. “Tony, are we in a comic book?” he said, in an aside to his aide. 
“I think so, sir.”
“I think that’s enough for today. I don’t need to see portals to comprehend what you are saying.” He ushered them out of the room. “Let me contemplate this information for a bit.”
They led the group, including Sonovan, out of the Oval Office and into a hallway nearby. Secret Servicemen eyed them behind the opaque shades they wore, as the group stood there in silence. Dustin tried to ease the tension. 
“So, uh, what’s up fellas?” No one responded. “OK, uh, you guys really take your job seriously. Look at you! Standing there like a statue. All black suits and sunglasses. Tell me, you got a laser blaster in there?” One guard turned his deadpan face to regard him. “Oh, I see how it is. No talking. Got it.”
“Dustin, would you please shut up?” Johnny begged. 
“I am trying to ease the tension! It’s like a rubber band in here.”
The group watched as people crowded through the door into the Oval Office. Of course, each person eyed them in curiosity, intrigue, and amusement. Their superhero suits stood out among the business attire of everyone else. 
“This is going to take a while,” Ryan murmured. 
“Patience,” Sonovan replied. His pack was slung around his back, still carrying essentials. He was still dressed in his robes, and looked like an aging hippie. The others looked far more intriguing. No one could realize that Sonovan was actually the most powerful, despite his lack of flashy attire.
“Easy for you to say. You’ve had a millennium to learn patience.”
“Patience,” Sonovan repeated placidly.
“It’s crazy,” Jane interrupted, warding off more banter. “We were just on Herook thirty minutes ago. What the hell has happened to my life?”
“Titan happened,” Johnny replied.
“And Sonovan,” added Dustin.
“And basically everything else,” Ryan finished.
“We are just one small part in a much larger, grander story, my friends,” Sonovan responded. Sonovan’s samurai bandana was neatly wrapped around his head, where his jet-black hair had been arranged into a bun.
The group stood there for about twenty minutes more before the door opened and they were ushered in. Advisors and politicians filled the room. “What do you call yourselves?” the President asked. 
“Whoa, uh, group huddle?” Dustin motioned to the others. “OK guys, this is a huge moment for us. What’s our name?”
“What about Team Sonovan?” Johnny suggested.
Frowning, Dustin shook his head in disgust. “Wow, I thought you were smarter than that. What’s the point of all that studying? Abysmal, Johnny, abysmal.”
“We’re not a soccer team,” Sam jested. “Sonovan?”
“I do not care,” he replied. He smiled. “But The Shadows is taken.”
“Whatever, that was useless,” Sam replied.
“How about The Shadowforce?” Dustin cut in. “It rolls off the tongue, you know?”
“Hmm, The Shadowforce,” Ryan recited, mulling over the moniker. “Shadowforce. I like it.”
“Guys?”
“Yeah, that matches us pretty well,” Jane replied. “I agree.”
“Rose?” 
She shrugged. “I guess. I’ve kind of just gotten here.”
“Gentleman? Are you ready now?”
Johnny turned around first. “We’re The Shadowforce.”
“Oh man, I wanted to say it,” Dustin whispered annoyedly.
“The Shadowforce?” the President reiterated, turning to the Vice President as if questioning whether this was real. I’m going to wake up and realize this was all just a bad dream, he thought, hoping for that to be true. The Vice President shrugged at him.
“Yes, sir!” Dustin exclaimed. “Credit me, though. This dumbass wanted ‘Team Sonovan.’”
The President raised his eyebrow, studying each of them head to toe. “Very well, then. Everyone out. I want to speak with this Shadowforce in private.”
The room fell silent once the door closed. The President cleared his throat. “How much time? How much time do we have before he arrives?”
“In my estimation,” Sonovan replied, “only a few days.”
“And when he arrives, he’ll have his own ship. It’s gigantic. Easy to spot.”
“How is it powered?”
“Some kind of Alcubierre drive,” Rose answered. 
“In fact, the planets we visited had the same drive, just not as advanced,” Johnny said.
“Alcubierre? The Mexican scientist?”
“Yes.”
“And how will you stop him?”
Sonovan spoke up. “I know how to stop him. And with the help of my new friends, he will fall, for good this time.”
“For good? What do you mean? This has happened before?”
Sonovan nodded once, his expression expertly conveying his feelings. The President stared at them intently. He narrowed his eyes. “I believe you, Shadowforce.”
“Thank you, sir,” Johnny replied. 
“And how long until it happens, once he lands?”
“An hour, two at most.”
“God help us all.”

CHAPTER 34
RECONCILIATION


The throne room was still. Titan stood near the cracked belvedere, holding a thick book. Solis strode in. “My lord, we will arrive in five days,” he stated.
“Good. In case you were wondering what I have been doing all this time, I have been studying this book.” He lifted it up. “The so-called Holy Bible. Granted, I’ve studied every religious book on Earth. No other species can boast the sheer amount of religious information. Anyway, I must say, it is the most interesting text of Earth. Human, but undeniably otherworldly. I am impressed! The book speaks much wisdom, and I am surprised mere humans such as King Solomon understood the follies of this existence. Many species could have utilized this and built a better society. And then, it even mentions me.”
“My lord? It mentions you?”
“Yes, it does. As I have deciphered it, a man known as the ‘man of intrigue’ appeared in different places. It describes him as cunning and intelligent, always ready for a fight.
“In a time of need—a time of hardship, this man will appear. The entire world will be swept by his grandeur, and in time, the world will be under his feet. He will control it. But mind you: he never states his plot is to destroy it, but to save it.”
“Which indicates?”
“In this short, but profound, analogy, I am he.”
“You are this man?” questioned Solis, desiring elaboration.
Titan shook his head once, resting his arm on the throne. “No, I am not. But, as I said, it serves as an analogy. My plan is not to destroy Earth, but to use it.”
“I see.”
“Are you ready to accomplish the greatest feat of all, my Solis?” Titan asked. “The moment is at the door.”
“Yes, Endless Creator. I have never been more prepared in my entire life.”

* * *

Taking a deep breath, the President relaxed into his chair. “I want you to stay in a warehouse I have, off-the-books. It’s quite luxurious. Until he arrives, your orders are to stay put.”
“Thank you, sir,” Johnny replied. “But we need to reconnect with our loved ones.”
“I will have a driver take you wherever you need to go.”
“Yeah, well, uh, we live in NYC, so we’ll just teleport there.”
Captivated, the President asked, “Can I see it?”
“Sure.”
Dustin activated the portal, and the sphere rose out of the floor. “Incredible,” the President breathed in awe. “Just incredible.”
“Yeah, it really is,” Ryan replied.
“Mr. President, we will be back in about two hours,” notified Johnny.
“I will be expecting you, Shadowforce. But for now, take those things off and get into casual attire.”
Sonovan asked for one favor. “Sir, if possible, may I take a short stroll around the city? I have not been back to Earth in a terribly protracted length of time. If I have pleased you, please grant my request.”
Sonovan’s veneration enamored the President. “Of course. You can ride in one of our SUV’s. Tell Charlie where to drop you off.”
They nodded and jumped into the portal. As quickly as they had burst into his office, they burst right back out. Alone, the President chuckled. “Amazing.”

* * *

Johnny, about to jump into the portal Sam would open for him and Jane, stopped short. His body felt weird and tingly. “Uh... I don’t feel so good,” he groaned, falling to the floor. “What’s happening?”
Jane, Sam, and Dustin shouted for Ryan to come over. “Ryan! Come here! There’s something wrong with Johnny boy!”
Rushing to his aid, Ryan bent low. “Is this like the car fiasco?” He slipped his arm underneath Johnny’s shoulder, helping the weak man to stand. “You don’t look very good.”
“Yeah, you look pale,” Jane added.
“What she said,” Sam agreed.
Though wobbly, Johnny stood with Ryan’s support. “I-I think it’s the Ooris. I’ve spent way too much. Sonovan said that if we use our powers too much, we may lose them for a bit.” He tested his power and, sure enough, the Ooris did not respond.
“What?” Dustin retorted. “How long is ‘a bit’?!”
“I don’t know. A few hours?”
“So, if I use mine without caution, I’ll lose it too?” questioned Ryan. “Who told you this?”
“Sonovan. On Herook. Maybe I forgot to tell you.”
“Shit.”
“What does he need?” asked Rose. She had not been in the room. 
“Uh, a lot of Gatorade.”

* * *

Ryan and Rose traveled together to his house. He knocked on the door, and she asked, “Who is it?” 
“It’s me, Mom. It’s Ryan.”
Nearly ripping the door off its hinges, his mother rushed to embrace him. “Ryan, I thought I lost you!” she cried. Her dark brown hair ruffled against his shoulder. Rose stood there, not speaking a word.
“I’m fine, Mom. I have so much to tell you.” 
She looked at her son with admiration, relief, and happiness as her hand was placed on his cheek. “Do you know how many nights I have slept?”
“Probably none.”
“That’s right, Ryan. None! And you know what made it worse? Some stranger broke into the Jones's place and told them where you were. I was next! He broke in here too!”
“What did he look like?” Ryan questioned, definitely suspicious as he furrowed his brow.
“Tall, and he wore a jacket. And I don’t know what he looked like. Something covered his face, like a mask. Do you know him?”
“Uh, kind of.”
“Well, who the hell is he? What boys are you palling around with now?” She glanced at Rose, only now realizing she had been there the whole time. “Well! Who might you be, ginger? My apologies if I offend you, but by golly, you are tall!”
“Genes,” Rose replied, nodding.
Ryan let out an uneasy laugh and cleared his throat. “This is Rose. We met her a while back. A lot of weird shit has happened, so please, can we come in?”
“You’re my son, Ryan. Of course you can come on in. And please, bring your girlfriend with you!” She turned to Rose, who blinked twice. “He finally did it. I’m so amazed he found someone like you,” she whispered. “You know, he always had problems around pretty girls.”
“Mom!”
Starting from the beginning, Ryan and Rose both told their sides of all that transpired, including Titan, Justice, Z, and his impending arrival. 
“This is too much,” Bethany said. “I can’t retain all this.”
“Take your time,” Rose replied. “Even I can’t make sense of it all.”
Nodding, Bethany stood and went into the kitchen. She returned with three glasses filled with water. “I’m sure you need this.”
“Thanks, Mom,” Ryan said, helping her with the cups. He handed Rose one.
“Thank you.”
“Are the boys involved as well?”
“Yeah, that’s right.” 
“How long?”
“Until what?”
“Until he gets here.”
“Less than a week,” Rose replied. “Likely around the five days range.”

* * *

“Ah, home sweet home,” Johnny exhaled, reclining on the family couch. “It’s been too long.”
Timothy sat next to his son and placed his hand on his shoulder. “I told you,” he said. “You are special.”
Johnny remembered that night, the very night he and the others had been affected by Z. On the couch, he turned and gave his father a firm hug.
“I know now, Dad. Thank you. For everything.”
“Out there among the stars, away from your family. But please, why didn’t you tell us you had these... gifts?”
“I don’t know. There wasn't a good time.”
“Well, anyway, I’m so proud of you, son.”
“Thanks, Dad. But, uh, what are you talking about? Who told you about my gifts?”
“Bethany and the Jones's. Some masked nut broke into their homes. He told us where you were and what happened. Why didn’t you tell us?”
Johnny gulped for the billionth time in the last week. “Did Beth describe him wearing a mask?”
“Yes. You know him?”
This is getting crazier each time. It doesn’t make sense. “Let’s just say we’ve been in contact with him recently,” he replied, glancing to Jane for possible support. “His name is Z—well, that’s what he told us. But I don’t know who, or what, he is. During our ventures, he would occasionally help us out. He created a device to transport us here. If it weren’t for him, we wouldn’t be here right now.”
“Sounds like a friend,” Timothy said. 
“I don’t know. I just can't trust him.”
“Why?” Jane interjected. “Why can’t you?”
Turning to her, he said, “A guy who flaunts the same ability as me, and always keeps a mask on? I definitely can’t trust him. But I respect him for being an aid in our time of need.”
“Oh, OK.”
“By the way, who are you?” Irene asked. “I’ve never met you before.”
“I’m Jane. I met Johnny here by accident.”
“Accident?”
“Yeah, it’s pretty hard to explain,” Johnny cut in. “You see, Z gave us our powers, and that night is when I met Jane. She was under attack by some thug.”
“You attacked a thug?” Timothy responded in astonishment.
“Well, yeah,” Johnny replied, “He was toast.”
“That’s my boy.”
“And Z helped you? Why?”
“He said he had done some bad things in his life, and now he wants to give back to the universe.” Johnny brooded over the statement, ruminating. “And you know what? That reminds me,” he said, turning to Jane. “He said we had seen a fake Z, remember? Something along the lines of ‘that was not Z’?” 
“Oh, you’re right. I remember him saying that.”
“I am lost,” Timothy replied. “Who is who?”
“It’s possible there are two Z’s?” Johnny contemplated, glancing at Jane for more help.
His mind ran into overdrive, putting the pieces of the puzzle together. “I think our little friend isn’t here by a coincidence. You know what that means, don't you?”
“I can see where you are going with this. No. Just no. That is not possible and you know it.”
“But think about it! Sonovan said Titan had acquired technology with that capability.”
Timothy and Irene glanced at each other, then back to Johnny and Jane. “I don’t think I understand what you are saying, Johnny,” Irene said.
Johnny smirked, shooting looks at each person. “He’s a time traveler.”

* * *

“Please, tell me all the places you’ve been!” exclaimed Jenny. “I want to hear all about it.” 
“All of it?” Sam responded.
“All of it,” Robert replied.
“All right, but I warned you.”
From then on, the events were recollected and shared. Like Ryan had done, everything was brought to light. 
“So, Rose was a psychopathic murderer who killed her father?”
“Please, never mention it. She is awfully sensitive about the matter.”
“And another psychotic alien is coming to Earth? To turn us into freaks like him? You’re crazy.”
“No, Dad, it’s all true,” Sam replied. Astronomical stories, in Robert’s mind, were over his head.
“Soon enough, he’ll be here. And you had better hope it’s a repeat of our last fight. Or else we’re doomed.”
Robert instinctively grabbed his sons by the shoulder and embraced them tighter. In a matter of seconds, the aura in the room had changed to a serious one. “I’m not going to lose either of you, you hear me? What can I do?”
Instead of replying, the brothers brought their mother into the group hug. After a minute, Dustin said, “Just stay put. We’ll handle it. Z said we had to be the heroes he knew we could be. And that is what we are going to do.”
Easing out of the embrace, Sam sat back onto the couch. His phone rang. “Hello?”
“Sam, it’s Johnny. Meet me at my house. Call Ryan and get him over here too.”
Sam furrowed his brow, eyes scanning the street outside his house through the shades on the window. “Uh, why? Something wrong?”
“I’ve got a clue as to who Z is.”
His eyes widened. “We’ll be right over. Wait there.” 
Hanging up the phone, Sam fastened his baseball cap onto his long hair. “Dustin, we got to go.”
“Why?” 
“Johnny’s figured something out.”
“About what?”
“Z.”
“Oh shit. Sorry Mom. Sorry Dad. Duty calls!”
Jenny and Robert again hugged their sons tightly. Both held on just a little too long, as it had been far too long. Dustin almost forgot how it felt to be safe and loved, as fear had clouded his vision. He never thought they’d ever return. 
“Just make sure you come back.”
“Of course,” Sam replied as he opened the door to leave. Of course we will.





CHAPTER 35
A WALK


After Charlie, the President's driver, dropped Sonovan Lung off at a parking spot in downtown Washington D.C., the aged warrior thanked him. The African-American smiled and shook his hand. 
Stepping out onto the sidewalk, Sonovan began to walk, measuring his strides, erecting his posture, and keeping his balance. As he passed by a wave of fellow humans, Sonovan felt somewhere else—a dream, possibly. How could this place be so different from how he remembered it?
During his stroll, he drew much attention. His large build, neatly-coiled black bun, shoulder-length bandana, and attractive robes received second, third, and even fourth looks. The proper name for the blue-gray robes he wore was Orskan, and they were given to him by a hero of old, named Orslon. He ruminated that he had yet to explain to the group who The Shadows were. That day would likely be today. 
In response to the awkward glances of civilians, Sonovan seized the opportunity to reciprocate their interest. 
His deep stares bore into the passing people—men, women, and children. Businessmen and women became distracted from their calls, and teenagers put down their phones altogether. 
Sonovan marveled at them, but felt sadness overwhelm him. A momentous amount can be learned from the eyes, he knew. The modern-day man is absent of peace, he noted. They rush to and fro, but to where and for what purpose? Mankind seems to have forgotten the very first principle of meditation—peace of mind and spirit.
Titan had been correct. Entertainment had become quite the drug here. 
He continued his stroll, still watching, listening, learning. The city was a grand place, like many he had visited, across many worlds. This was unsophisticated in comparison to some, but seemed to accomplish what humans intended.
Once he had seen enough, Sonovan walked all the way back, through several dirty alleys. Once he emerged from one, he found Charlie’s SUV sitting mysteriously in another wide alleyway across the street.
“So, how was it, my friend?” Charlie asked as he scratched the stubble of hair on his jaw.
“Not as pleasant as I had thought, I am afraid. It has changed so much. Today’s people seem to think entertainment is a right rather than a privilege. Thank you, though. My gratitude is with you for the trip.”
Charlie nodded and replied, “Yeah, it’s not for everyone.”
Sonovan nodded and they pulled out of the alley, speeding off to the designated location.

* * *

Underneath a farm in Maryland, the government had set up a large underground bunker. About the size of three ice-hockey rinks, the purpose of the bunker was for safety in case of an attack. For now, the large facility's function was to shelter the new heroes for five days, or until whenever Titan arrived. 
Alone, Sonovan meandered through the halls of the bunker, which were pale and depressing. The walls wore a miserable gray, and, of course, no natural light could permeate it. Thank goodness there were computers, televisions, radios, walkie-talkies, phones, along with a slew of guns and other weapons locked in a safe. 
Making himself comfortable, Sonovan tested his knowledge of computers and marveled at how simply they operated. Compared to the planets he had visited, Earth was many steps behind. Nevertheless, since the last time he had called it home, Earth had advanced farther than he could have imagined. 

* * *

Jane went outside and took a seat on the porch of the Sparks’ home. His parents stayed inside, but Johnny followed her and sat on the bench across. 
“You never told me, by the way, how you got your powers,” he started, looking at her. The bangs flowed off her forehead as if she had arranged them that way. He caught himself in the thought, internally dissecting, like in a court room or scientific laboratory, why he had noticed such a minute feature.
Though she still appeared a tad tentative, she explained. “The night after my parents were killed, I stayed at my grandparent’s house. When I woke up, it wasn’t long until I discovered I had them.”
“And you’ve had the telekinesis ever since?”
“Yes.” 
“I won’t be surprised—”
“If Z gave them to me too? Sure. He injected you with powers, so why not me? If he really is a time traveler, he knows what’s going to happen. And if he’s human, does that mean we prevail in the end?”
“Don’t be so sure, Jane. I don’t want to jinx anything. If we fail, no one survives. If we succeed, well, I don’t know what happens. The point is, we have to focus on now. We’re all both universes have—but that’s enough.” Just then, a blacked-out vehicle pulled up onto the side of the street. “And I don’t think he’s human,” he finished. 
In casual clothing, Ryan, Rose, and the brothers stepped out of the vehicle and it drove away. They walked up to the porch. “You know, I’m really beginning to like the treatment we’re getting,” Dustin chuckled. “It’s like I’m a superstar or something.”
“Yeah, I could get used to it,” Ryan replied.
“And it’s so nice and warm in there!” Rose exclaimed. “I hate the cold.”
“Unironically,” Ryan replied.
“You know, I am literally right here!” Sam objected.
Johnny looked to Jane and rolled his eyes.
“Z isn’t who we think he is. He might help us every so often, and yeah he gave us powers, but each meeting is not a coincidence.”
“So, what are you saying? Of course it’s not a coincidence,” Ryan replied.
“No, you misunderstand. I think he has to help us.”
“What?” Sam replied. 
“Remember when he said the guy we met when we got our powers ‘was not Z’? That must mean there are two—or something like that.”
“What are you getting at?” Rose replied. 
“This is what I’m getting at. He’s a t—”
“Time traveler,” Rose interrupted, finishing his sentence. 
“Uh, yeah.”
“What? A time traveler?” Ryan replied. “And how did you come to that conclusion?”
“Remember what Sonovan said? Titan has the technology to time travel. So, who is to say Z doesn’t have the same?”
“Or maybe he stole it,” Jane added. 
“That explains why he already had that wormhole machine in the cave,” Rose said.
“Right.”
“OK, so we’ve hit at pretty much everything except a name. Who is this guy?”
“That part is the mystery. It’s why his name is Z. He doesn’t want anyone to know his true identity... if that wasn’t obvious already.”
“Of course. Typical. Always got to be mysterious or whatever,” Dustin moaned.
Johnny’s phone rang at that moment. “Hello?”
“Hello. This is the President. I am personally calling you to come to the White House at once. If you can, please teleport or do whatever it is you do. I do not desire to see media around wondering who the hell just entered the most protected house on the planet.” 
“Who is it?” Ryan asked. Johnny shushed him.
“Yes, sir. What is the purpose of the meeting?”
“I want to know how you intend to prevent this onslaught.”
“No problem, sir. We’ll be right there.” He hung up and faced the group. By then, Robert and Irene had come out to see. “That was the President. We have to go.”
“You are going to talk with the President?!” Robert exclaimed. “Holy crap!”
“Yeah, it’s pretty cool.” 

* * *

During his wanders through his new surroundings, Sonovan met several guards. Out of courtesy, he asked their names, and they responded. In fact, Sonovan introduced himself to everyone, to their amusement. The way he was raised—his traditions—were evident. 
Despite the murky life he had led as a young man, time had taught him patience, courtesy, and to cherish the little things—the things many would disregard. 
A guard approached him and said the President expected him at the White House. At that moment, a portal opened between them, and the guard stepped back in fear. Dustin jumped out. 
“Hey, Sonovan. I’m here to pick you up. We got two more teleportations left on my suit for the next thirty hours, so after this, we won’t be going many places. Sam has a few left, though.”
“Let us depart,” he replied. They both jumped into the portal together as the guards watched in incredulity. 
“I think I had too much to drink yesterday,” one said.

* * *

In the Oval Office, the President stood as the group exited the portal. Sunshine baked the room in golden hues.
“Here we are again, sir,” Johnny said. “At your service.”
“Yes, this is a delight. Now, I want to know how we can prevent this mass onslaught Titan has planned. You said the satellites are the key.”
“They are, but I don’t recommend destroying them all. Titan has for sure already planned ahead for such a thing.”
“You see, Mr. President, Titan has a vast amount of intellect gained from millennia he has spent invading worlds across the Local Group, as you call it,” Sonovan added. 
“Wait, how old is he?”
“Not a soul knows. Not even I.”
“And, if I may ask, what is your name?”
“I am Sonovan Lung.”
“Sonovan who? What are you? A samurai? A ninja?”
Sam facepalmed. 
“Yes, in fact, I trained as a samurai about a thousand years ago.”
The President’s eyes widened and he coughed. “So, you are immortal?”
“That is correct, sir.”
“Just when I thought fantasy would stay that way. Anyway, go on.”
“I suggest this,” Rose started. “In my time aboard his vessel, I noticed something interesting. The ship has no external shields—like, none. I guess all those science fiction books and movies are way ahead of reality. But, he can generate a huge amount of energy and block incoming fire. This can work to our advantage.
“If we fire a load of missiles at his ship, he will generate a gigantic shield around his vessel. This will weaken him somewhat, and make it easier to defeat him.”
“Very intuitive, Rose,” Sonovan replied, “I had not imagined that, but it makes sense.”
“Thanks.”
“OK, so we pound on his ship and he’ll deflect it. Then what?” the President replied.
“He has already built satellites for his plan. In case we prevail, it would not be logical to simply destroy all the technology and equipment that orbits Earth. It would be a huge waste of money, and, like I said, technology, that we have amassed over the past half-century.”
“Yes, you are right,” the President responded. “We just let him release his satellites? What happens then?”
“Leave the rest to us,” Johnny replied.

CHAPTER 36
ENTER SHADOWVERSE

A few hours later, Sonovan was meditating in his bedroom. Legs crossed and eyes shut, his mind drained itself of thoughts, which was considerable tougher since the bedroom had no beautiful view, calming breeze, and the like. Nevertheless, he began to slip into the mode. Almost in a meditative state, Sonovan jumped as the group walked in. 
“Oh, sorry!” Sam exclaimed, arms up in defense.
“Didn’t know you were in your trance. We’ll be right out,” Rose added. 
“No, my friends, it is quite all right. Please, join me.”
“Oh, uh, OK.”
They sat next to him, forming a horizontal line across the dorm. Sonovan was in the middle, with Johnny to his right and Ryan to his left. Next to Ryan were Rose and Dustin, while next to Johnny were Sam and Jane, respectively. 
“Wow, this is literally nothing like Herook,” Ryan mumbled, desperately striving to get in the mood without the majesty of nature as a backdrop. “I miss that place.”
“So do I,” Dustin added. 
“Me too,” Jane said.
“Yeah, Herook was quite a locale,” Sam said.
Sonovan smiled. “Yes, quite a place indeed. But, for now, this will have to suffice. Jane, will you turn off the lights?”
“Certainly,” she replied. With the snap of her fingers, the switch turned off, and darkness reigned.
 “Do any of you want to venture from this place?” asked Sonovan. “To somewhere far behind this physical realm? To a world of darkness, excitement, and energy?”
“Uh, yeah! What the hell do you think we’d say?!” Ryan exclaimed.
“Then close your eyes. Stand and place your hands on my head. Your bodies will connect with mine, and we shall depart into the Shadowverse itself—it is time you discovered your true home. Rose, you can join us. Your time with Titan has enabled you to absorb some amount of Ooris.”
In the darkened room, they all stood and placed a hand onto Sonovan’s head, like some occult ritual. A deeper blackness descended upon them—a darkness they could feel. 
“It’s tingly,” Sam flinched. 
“Ooris is with us now. Close your eyes and focus.”
Seconds later, Ooris absorbed them and they vanished. 
Johnny opened his eyes, and his surroundings were no longer the dull walls of the bunker. His face was pressed to the ground, except ground it was not, but a soft surface—considerably denser than a waterbed but nowhere near as dense as typical soil. Colors of all kinds streamed through the firmament above them, resembling auroras. 
“Wow,” Johnny awed. Even the very ether gave the impression of a dreamlike setting, though this was farther from their imaginations than east is from west.
“This is spectacular,” Ryan said. “And I thought Herook was awesome.”
The view left the fledgling Shadowforce thunderstruck, yet Sonovan stood calmly while a black mist continually rose from the ground beneath them.
“My friends, this is the Shadowverse. The source of all our powers. Impressive, is it not?”
“Understatement of the century,” Johnny replied. “Definitely understatement of the century,” he repeated, gaping.
“Why have you brought us here?” Jane asked Sonovan, who was now wreathed in darkness. 
“To teach you. To teach you the ways of The Shadows. To teach you that which you can see is not everything that exists. You are now where few men have gone before—in the beyond.”
The auroras lowered in the sky, as if alive. “The lights are coming awfully close,” Sam remarked, backing up slightly. 
“Do not fret,” replied Sonovan, his eyes locked onto the aurora. “Oora will envelop you in its embrace.”
“Oora?” Ryan replied.
“What’s that?” added Johnny.
“It is the power. In my time in the Shadowverse, I have learned much. But chief among the discoveries is the Oora—Zydok introduced me to it. You cannot know Oora fully, for it is a living thing. Oora is the Shadowverse incarnate, a non-corporeal being. Here, it knows all, is all.”
Ryan’s eyes were glued to it. “Whoa, that’s just—”
“Incredible,” Johnny finished.
“Is that why you call it Ooris?” asked Jane, staring. 
“Yes,” he answered quietly. “Oora has not met you before, so let it surround you and touch your very being. It is benevolent and will not hurt you.”
“How old is it?” Rose asked.
“Its origin is unknown. Possibly the very beginning of time.”
Johnny glanced at him and then back to Oora, which by now had enveloped them. “Whoa,” he exclaimed, gingerly touching the streaks of light. Colors infiltrated the area, whistling in every direction, the black mist demarcating itself and Oora. 
Without warning, Oora fully encompassed the squad, passing through them as if they posed no boundary. 
“Whoa, that feels weird!” Dustin exclaimed. He squirmed. 
An accumulation of Oora encircled Sonovan. The Energy seeped beneath his feet, and, to his clear astonishment and incredulity, began to lift him upward. This moment brought to mind the very first time their encounter had unfolded, centuries prior—back in the age of The Shadows.
“Fear not, my friends. It sees a decent soul within me, for it knows me.” His arms rose as the Oora nudged his body higher still. Soaking in the untainted force of the Shadowverse, his eyes and body were blanketed by the hundreds of shades of colors Oora emanated. 
“Hold on tight,” Johnny advised. The dark mist ascended through the ground and fused with Oora. Sonovan was at least twenty feet off the surface, Oora keeping him still and the Ooris attached to him. 
“Look at that!” Ryan pointed. Oora enveloped him in its embrace, and subsequently Sonovan’s body disappeared. Its power had generated a wind—an intense wind—which pushed back at the team as they tried to resist.
A voice reverberated from inside the cocoon. Despite them knowing that it was Sonovan speaking, his voice sounded otherworldly, almost indecipherable, as if he were possessed.
“I…AM…THE…CHOSEN…ONE…AND…I…WILL…FREE…US…” 
Immediately afterward, another voice was heard, this time clearly not Sonovan. It was not thundering or booming like Titan either, but rather just there. “AND FROM WHAT SHALL YOU FREE US?”
“I…WILL…FREE…US…FROM…THE…ENEMY…”
“ERSETA. ERSETA OOA W’IOR XENY.”
“YES…ERSETA…”
Oora vanished, and Sonovan dropped from his place. Despite the height, he landed without a scratch, exhaling a deep breath. Only the black mist Oora left behind remained. All was quiet and at peace, but in the distance, the Oora appeared in the sky, watching over them.
“What... just happened?” Sam reacted. 
“That was Oora,” Sonovan replied, standing tall. “It has a destiny for me.”
“Was that your voice?” Dustin asked.
“It was Oora speaking through me.”
“What’s ‘Erseta’?” Johnny asked.
“It means ‘redemption.’ The Oora has burdened me with the momentous task of destroying our common enemy, the Titan.”
“And how will you be redeemed?”
Sonovan glanced at the ground, head low. “I wished so hard that it would never come to this, but it has. The only way to keep my nemesis from ever returning is to go with him.”
“What do you mean?” they questioned further, furrowing their brows.
Sighing, he continued. “If we succeed, you cannot kill him. I will release all my Ooris onto him, which will be more than enough to do the job. Thereafter, he and I would depart into the Shadowverse, except not here. We would be in the Yeonlo Zone. Separate from this place, the Yeonlo Zone is a place for those who have passed on. Titan’s corrupt Ooris would repress him there, locking him away for eternity. What you see before you is only a mere inkling of the Shadowverse.”
“Are you actually telling us you might be gone soon?” Ryan concluded.
“I am afraid so, my friends. But do not worry. All will work out in the end.”
“Why?” Jane asked. “Why must you do this?”
“That which is necessary, Jane. Rose knows what I am saying. I must do what is necessary—for the greater good of the Shadowverse.” 
“We can’t lose you,” Johnny replied. “There is no Shadowforce without you.”
“Then don’t be The Shadowforce. Be whatever you make it to be. Thus, what Z told you was correct. Just do what you do best—what all of you do best. Be the heroes we all need you to be. Titan and I... we are the past. But that fight is nearing its end. You, on the other hand, are the future.”
Johnny sighed, looking to the rainbow sky. Without warning, though, an alarming growl vibrated from beneath the ground. 
“What the hell was that?” Sam exclaimed.
“Yeah, what the hell was that?” added Dustin.
“That would be my enemy.”
“Titan is here?” responded Ryan. 
“We’ll see.”
“What are we going to do?” Rose asked, jittery. “H-He can’t see me. Not like this!” She was frantic to leave, before her former master reared his head.
Sticking his arm out, Sonovan approached them. “Hold on to me, just like you did before. You need to leave and return to your world. I will stay behind briefly, but I will be right behind you.”
They grasped his shoulder, and in an instant, were back in the room from which they departed. Waist-deep in melancholy, Johnny’s arm was still outstretched as a tear dropped from his eye. 
“Guys? Y-You’re a-alive!” stuttered someone from the door.
They turned to see the one person they would least expect. “Kevin?” Rose exclaimed.

* * *

Titan stood by the transparent enclosure in the Titan. Solis, as per usual, strode in and bowed. “My lord, seventy hours remain of the trip.”
“Good. Now, I want y—” Titan responded before cutting himself off.
“My lord?”
“Please leave. Now.”
“Certainly.”
Etched into his very being, a small voice sounded. He could feel the voice. Titan scowled, focused and vanished, reemerging in the Shadowverse. The mist rose from the ground in a smooth ascent, but Titan could not possibly care about his surroundings at this point.
“Titan, I have been waiting for you,” Sonovan greeted politely. 
Titan turned villainously and faced him. Both were now completely black, and no trace of armor or cables were found on Titan. They were like spirits. In contrast to the white eyes of Sonovan, Titan's glowed deep red, like a devil. “Well, well, well, if it isn’t for the man who started it all. How may I be of assistance this time?”
“I want to get straight to the point. I beg you, please, stop this madness. End it. You can never find true justice this side of heaven! Never! In fact, you will go crazy in the search.”
“No, that is what you believe—it is your opinion. Right you are, Sonovan Lung. But extraordinary measures require extraordinary will. If not me, then who?”
Sonovan approached him. “For what? To slaughter every person you deem unfit for life? Who made you judge, jury, and executioner?”
“The Justification will undoubtedly prompt a swift end to the injustice, evil, and 'free will' spread across creation. My hand is still there for you to grasp—imagine that! You murdered me, yet I will still forgive. Just say the word, and I will order for a ship to take you to me at once. You and I can rule! No more pain! No more anguish! No more corruption, evil, and madness! And chief among these, no more free will. Together, you and I, the most powerful beings in history, can place our stamp on this reality. You once said we could have been friends. Here is your chance.”
“What made you this way?” Sonovan replied quickly, cutting short Titan’s proposal.
Titan remained silent for a brief time, then spoke. “A better question is, ‘Why are you here?’ You are stranded on Herook, with your beaten allies. Now please, leave me be. I have a great many things to attend to.” Unlike in the physical universe, Titan, as the others, controlled no powers. Therefore, Titan had not known they had arrived on Earth due to Z’s intervention. 
“Oh, I forgot. You are a very multifaceted man, correct?” 
“You dare insult me by labeling me a man,” spat Titan. 
Titan approached closer, to where they were within a foot of one another. “Have you shrunk?” Sonovan quipped. “I thought you were larger.”
In an intriguing turn of events, Titan laughed, his loud snickers echoing. “I am proud to acknowledge time has finally taught you humor! Well, at least Aiko’s death did something!”
Head high, he did not retaliate. “Yes, time has taught me many things, and for that, I am grateful. Unfortunately for you, I have let Aiko’s death go. She was an incredible person to share the epoch of time I lived in, and a skilled warrior. But she is gone, and I cannot do a thing about it. The past is unchangeable, but the future is in my hands.”
Titan scowled at him, and for the first time in years, lingered, unsure of what to say next. Instead, he turned away. 
“You never answered my question. Why will you not stop?”
Swiftly turning back to him, Titan sneered. “Do not worry, for it will be over soon. Why do you think I have kept you and your allies alive? You feed me more power! If I killed any of you, the scope of my abilities would diminish. Our humble union that you, me, and your allies have formed is beautiful. The Ooris inside you has connected us all in a complex integration of wills. Though I supply the Energy into all of you through the Shadowverse, you all also bestow me with additional power. Like when you had opened the Xun, the time vortex, you helped me. Now you are unintentionally helping me again. Thank you for that—so generous of you.” 
Titan dematerialized, a slight grin pasted on his face. Sonovan let out a distressed huff of breath and closed his eyes. In a moment, he arrived where he had left: his bunker bedroom. The others were waiting for him, including an average-looking man they had not acquainted him with.

CHAPTER 37

SHADOWS


Though he and Titan had a heart-to-heart in the oddest of ways only a minute prior, Sonovan rallied and held out his hand in greeting. “And you are?”
“I-I’m K-Kevin,” he stuttered, shaking his hand thoroughly without letting go. “Kevin M-Moon.”
“Greetings, Kevin Moon. I am Sonovan Lung.”
“Wow, th-that’s an awesome name,” he responded, still shaking his hand.
“Yeah, it is,” Ryan interjected.
“W-Who are you exactly?”
“We’ll tell you later,” Rose replied. Nudging Kevin away slightly, since she could tell Sonovan found the outpouring of emotion awkward.
“H-How did you s-survive?” asked Kevin. He shoved his hands in his pants pocket. “I imagined y’all were d-dead, so this is a surprise. But s-sure as h-hell a welcome o-o-one.”
“In summary, we met Titan,” Johnny started. “He warped Rose’s mind, and she became his psychopathic lackey.” 
Kevin glanced from Johnny to Rose, and back. “W-Wait, what?! Rose, are you OK?”
“I’m fine now, Kevin. Thanks.” She grasped his shoulder softly, reassuringly. They had been friends for years.
“Yeah, long story. Anyway, we met Sonovan Lung. He once defeated Titan, who’s the ruler of many worlds. We met him on Herook, which turned out to be a gorgeous planet with a bit more gravitational pressure than Earth.”
“Sick,” Kevin replied. “Go o-on!”
And go on they did. Johnny explained everything that went on, and every facet of their spectacular journey across the universe. Kevin realized, just like the Shadowforce members did, that his life was about to change for the better. He too would be on this spaceship to a new destiny—a spaceship that had no brakes installed.

* * *

Still in warp drive, Titan found time to simply train himself. He reminisced about when he had last fought Sonovan and The Shadows. The rage from that day still cursed him. This time, he would not fail. This time, he would destroy him. This time, the stakes had been raised.
“Creation has groaned from the beginning until now, waiting to be saved.” WHACK. “And now the hour of its reckoning has come—its justification in the sight of its creator is here!” he said aloud. SLAM.
On a table on the other side of the room, six boxes lay in wait. They were gray with black markings. The metal glistened in the starlight. Titan eyed them, waiting for the moment to arrive. He had not discovered the identity, but knew a journeyman when he saw one—or heard of one.
On cue, a wormhole opened in the midst of the throne room. Out of it jumped a man in a scribbled mask and jacket. Titan grinned at the sight. The bait worked.
“Greetings, Titan,” he addressed. “It’s been a while.”
Titan pondered his words, yet staying near the transparent belvedere and ocean of stars. “Z,” he started. “That is the abbreviation for your name, is it not?”
“That’s right,” Z answered, steadily striding to the black table.
“Who are you? Where do you come from?” He lowered his voice to a near whisper. “Why have you come to this place?”
“Can you not just read my thoughts?”
Titan huffed, but kept his expression carefully blank. “No... I cannot.”
“Exactly,” Z replied. “I am the embodiment of the future. And because of that, I know how to inhibit even you. But, do not consider me an enemy, Titan. We are more alike than you can presently understand.”
“Then I will not.” He pointed to the boxes. “There they are. Take them! Or rather: give them. It is destined to happen, remember?”
Z turned to see the six boxes on the table, waiting for him. He smirked under the mask and turned back to Titan, who stared back malevolently. “Thank you, my lord.” Z grabbed them and opened a portal once again. 
My lord? Titan wondered. Titan halted him with a question. “Tell me. Do I succeed? Do I prevail?”
His back to Titan, Z slowly turned his head to respond. “Yes, yes you do.”
Not a human, then, Titan realized. The Emperor of the Tetra studied his eyes, and innately sensed the truth had been told. “Godspeed to you, wherever or whenever you venture.”
Z nodded once, turned back to the portal and leapt into its grasp, disappearing completely. Titan clasped his fingers in front of him while he strolled to the throne and sat—one of the few instances—armor clanking on the seat. He pressed a button and the massive chair rotated in place, facing the grand spectacle of warped space as the behemoth ship, the Titan, traveled many times past the speed of light.

* * *

“Yikes. So, we’re a-about to be p-possessed?” exclaimed Kevin.
“You could say that,” Johnny responded.
“And he’ll be here in a few days, mind you,” Ryan added.
At once, Sonovan stood up. He sauntered to the corner of the room, where his pack lay. Grabbing it, he removed several items, including his swords, known as the Vorson Swords, a few small portraits, and three rolled-up banners.
“What are you doing?” Johnny asked as the others talked.
“Making it my own,” he replied. He placed a portrait of himself and a woman on his night table. 
“Who’s that?” Johnny asked. 
Sonovan glanced at it, holding the stare for a short while before turning back, repositioning his attention on the banners. “That... was Aiko, my wife.”
Johnny picked it up and examined the picture. “She was beautiful.” Indeed, she was. An Asian woman, she had raven-colored hair, and was rather tall for the time, about Jane’s size. 
“Most of all, she was beautiful in the areas that counted in life. Inside, she was pure.”
“I’m sorry.”  
“Don’t be, for it was not your fault.”
Sonovan glanced at him and back at the banners. He produced a hammer and some nails and began to secure the banners to the wall. The others came over to see what the fuss was. 
“What are you doing?” Dustin asked.
Sonovan did not reply and instead continued his work. The banners were attached; the large, bold letters standing out in the dull room. “There,” he muttered. The letters resembled no language on Earth.
“Where did you get those?” Ryan asked.
“One thousand years ago, on the planet Ionio. They were inside our dojo. ‘Our’ as in The Shadows. We were a team. I took these for myself.”
Jane walked to the table and also picked up the portrait. “This is Aiko?” 
He nodded again. 
Johnny carefully examined a photo of Sonovan and three others, each ranging in size. “Who are these guys?”
“Oh wow,” Jane exclaimed.
“I think those are—” said Sam, before Sonovan interrupted him. The man ambled to where they stood. 
Today. “The Shadows, as we called ourselves,” Sonovan cut in. “We were a team of the most intelligent, skilled fighters in the galaxy and were devoted to defeating Titan. Without them, I could not have beaten him. We were so optimistic—so lively—from a time long past.” In the photo, Sonovan wore a completely black suit of armor with green highlights. To his right and left, three others wore similar outfits of protection. Though The Shadowforce, at the moment, considered themselves heroes, the figures in this photograph were different, almost poles apart. They were warriors. 
“That is Zydok, nicknamed Zy,” he said, pointing to the person on his right. He was wearing a mask, as was everyone in the photo. “The two on my left were Orslon and Venarian. Ors and V, as we called them.” Sonovan lowered his head, eyes glistening as he recollected what they had been through. A tear oozed out and plummeted to the ground. “The greatest, most fearless fellows and warriors I had ever met. They found me when I had nothing. I had been thrust into a new world. And together, we journeyed through the cosmos, until ultimately overcoming Titan. I killed him with a single sword.” 
“What happened to them?”
“Ors and V were never connected to the Shadowverse. Only Zydok and I were. And not even he had developed as deep a connection to it as I have. They died, and luckily, I was there. I could see them off. Zydok though, was murdered.”
“By Titan,” Johnny responded.
“Yes. I had told you this before.”
Sonovan glanced at Kevin, who gulped. “So, I returned to Earth with Aiko. We became legends, our story spreading across the cosmos. Five-hundred years passed, and Titan came back from the dead. And here we are. Zydok is dead, Aiko is dead, I was exiled for years. I made it off that planet, then wandered for centuries. Then Z led me to you.”
“Oh, y-yeah! Z! What happened to him?” Kevin asked.
“He popped up every so often,” Ryan replied. 
“He had developed a wormhole device to transport Sonovan to Titan’s ship,” Johnny added. “In turn, Sonovan saved us. Then we met him again, this time in a cave. He used another device to teleport us to Earth. Said he had modified Titan’s technology.”
“Whoa, w-what did it look l-like?”
“Big, bulky, and made up of several small connected spheres of energy. It was weird. But anyway, he told me the Z we had met was not the real Z.”
“What do you m-mean?”
“He was insinuating his real identity, I concluded. When he left us, he had activated a cylindrical box he carried.”
“But it wasn’t a usual wormhole,” Sonovan said. 
“That is because it wasn’t a usual machine,” Johnny replied, pacing around the room.
“What conclusion have you come to, then?”
“He’s a time traveler.”
“Time traveler?”
“Yes,” he replied, gesturing with great animation. “You even said Titan had acquired the technology. Plus, he said it himself. He had done really bad things, and the Z we had encountered was not the right one.”
“Whatever that means,” Dustin added.
“Yeah, I don’t necessarily understand what that means. But I think we saw different versions of him at alternating points in time.”
“I see,” Sonovan replied. “Do you believe he is in cooperation with Titan?”
“I do not know.”
“Titan brought up Z many times,” Rose said. The others turned to her. 
“Really?”
“Yes. He said he was fascinated and entertained by him, and asked me my opinion. I remember that I said he is likely neutral.”
“Then what?” Ryan asked.
“When he first learned of his existence, it troubled him.”
“Why?”
“Because he hadn’t expected another one of us to be out there. Worse yet, as he said, his own power had not felt another.”
“Interesting,” Sonovan replied, “How Titan could not sense Z’s presence. Interesting, indeed, but flummoxing too.”
“Time tr-travel. Incredible. You s-said the machine looked like a c-cylinder?”
“Yeah, it was long and round,” Johnny replied, angling his arms to show the size.
“G-Got it.”
The door opened and a guard with the name ‘JC’ on his lapel strode in. “I hate to interrupt, but here are some communicators. They’re headsets. It’ll allow us to keep in contact you.”
“Oh, thanks,” Johnny responded.
Closing the door, Johnny glanced at Sonovan. “So, you got any more lessons up your sleeve?”
Sonovan smiled and nodded. “Oh yes. When shall we begin?” 
“When are you guys ready?” Johnny asked, hands on his hips.
“Uh, can I eat first?” Ryan replied. “I’m starving.”
“So am I,” Rose replied.
Ryan chuckled and said, “That’s my girl.”
Johnny, Dustin, and Sam’s collective expressions went deadpan. “Wait, so are you two officially a thing now or... ” Sam asked, grasping for clarification.
“We’re getting there.”
“Oofy doofy,” Dustin replied. “Guess I was wrong! Ten was the charm.”
“Ten what?” Rose shot back.
Dustin and Sam snickered to each other. “Uh, nothing.” Ryan’s face was embarrassed and internally he begged for them not to spill anything discomfiting.
“What do they mean?” Jane whispered to Johnny. 
“She was his tenth crush.” He whispered back.
Her eyes widened and she giggled, but kindly said naught. 

CHAPTER 38
CALM BEFORE THE RAGE

Sonovan rose from the ground. He had just finished twenty minutes of meditating in the dull abode he now called home—no matter how temporary. Nevertheless, its gray paint and windowless walls served his needs adequately.
During his stay, he made sure to meet the guards stationed in the bunker. Pleased to see humans other than himself and The Shadowforce, he made time to always greet them and converse. They were enamored with him and his story.
At this very moment, though, Sonovan prepared the team for another lesson. This time, Rose was a new addition. Sonovan had never taught her, so during the session he was her sparring partner.
At this moment, The Shadowforce was learning a new move from an ancient, unique fighting style. 
“This is another one of my creations, part of the Kage No Michi,” Sonovan said, walking through their midst. “Translated, it means ‘Way of the Shadows.’” 
“This is your art,” Ryan said, trying to clarify.
“Yes, it is.”
“Cool.”
“So, begin by performing a boshi-ken.”
“A what?” 
“Boshi-what?” Dustin replied. “I’m sorry, but I didn’t take Japanese in school. Spanish made more sense.”
“The boshi-ken is a thumb strike. I want you to close your hand into a fist. Now bend your thumb but stick it out a bit.” Sonovan helped Ryan as the others watched intently. “Excellent. The way this move is incorporated in this technique is for you to stab the side of my neck with it.”
“Stab you with my thumb’s joint?”
“Yes, but go slow for the demonstration, of course.” Ryan slowly contacted Sonovan’s neck with his hand. “Good, now use your left knee and ram it into my stomach.” Following his teaching, Ryan did it correctly. “Perfect. In your rock form, this will annihilate the opponent. Johnny, I want you to come up behind him.” 
Following directions, Johnny activated his powers and approached Ryan from behind. Ryan utilized his own training and back-kicked Johnny, who moved out of the way. 
“Outstanding!” Sonovan praised. “For the rest of you, you can optimize it by using your own technique. Instead of a back-kick, you can freeze the opponent, or blow him away, etcetera.” 
“Got it,” Sam replied. 
“If not, and the opponent is stronger, then once you kick him with your shin, knee him twice with alternating legs. Johnny, you, for example, would likely do this.”
“OK, got it,” Ryan replied. 
“Gotcha,” Johnny replied.
“Now, continue.”
Rose chuckled to herself and said, “Gives a whole new meaning to shadow boxing.”
“Ha! That’s funny,” Dustin snickered.
Once the lesson had ended, Sonovan retired to his room. Johnny did the same, but the others went for a snack. JC came by Johnny’s room. “Are you OK, sir?”
“You don't have to call me sir,” Johnny replied. 
“It’s mandatory,” JC replied, smiling impishly. “Anyway, I have come here to relay a message from the President. You are not allowed to leave the premises. So please, make our job easy and don't try.”
“Can I at least call anyone? You know, Mom and Dad type anyone?”
“Yes, you can.”
Appearing tentative, the man spoke up before leaving. “By the way, how many of you are there?”
“Besides us and Titan, one more.”
“Who?”
“I don’t even know the answer to that question. I wish I did.”
JC looked around. “God help us all.”

* * *

Johnny called his parents the next morning, his elbow resting on his dresser. They picked up after the first two rings.
“Hello?”
“Hi Mom, it’s Johnny.”
“Johnny! Here, let me put you on speaker. Tim!”
“Hey son, how’s it going as a hero?”
“Not very well.”
“What’s up?”
“I’m scared, Dad. You don’t know Titan, but we do. He is unlike anything you have ever seen. And I’m afraid to die. But most of all, I’m afraid to fail.”
There was a silence on the opposite end for a short while. “I understand your fear, son. You don’t know how heart-wrenching this has been for us.” 
He could hear his mother crying. “Mom, please don’t. It will make me feel even worse.”
“I’m scared too, Johnny,” she replied during sniffles. “I just can’t.”
“I’m calling because this is the last time I can call you.”
“What? Why?”
“President’s orders.” Again, there was silence. “So, let’s just talk. Just... make noise.”
The call lasted a further forty minutes. They talked. And talked. And talked. About everything—from memories to current happenings. When he hung up, he wept—there was no telling if that was the last minutes he would ever share with the ones who birthed him. He owed them his very life.
Once he left the room, the brothers entered and phoned home as well, sitting next to each other as always.
“Who is this?” 
“Hey Mom, it’s us. Dustin and Sam.”
“Dustin! Sam! How have you been?”
“Well, if you want the truth, terrible.”
“So have we,” replied Robert.
“Oh, hey Dad. I love you,” Sam replied.
“We love you too, Terrible Two’s.”
“We won’t be able to call you again, so this is it. It’s the order of the President. He doesn’t want anyone possibly hacking the feeds.”
“Oh, we understand.”
“I’m scared, guys,” Dustin replied. “I’m terrified.”
“If you think you are scared, you don’t even know what we have been through. Sleepless nights. Sleepless.” 
Dustin drew a breath and gulped. “Look, if we... if we don’t make it, just know I love you. Always.”
“No! Please! Don’t say that!” 
“Yeah,” Sam added, “I love you. No matter what happens.”
“We know you will succeed.”
“How?” Sam replied.
“Because we believe it. We have faith.”
“I wish I shared your optimism.”
“What should we do?” Dustin replied.
“For the first time, I don’t know, son.”
“I don’t either.”
Like Johnny, they spoke together for an hour. They relished in the memories of the past—a time when losing a video game was worse than an international tragedy. “Remember that time when Dustin jumped off that rock and hugged me as we landed in the lake?
“I remember that like it was yesterday!”
“Yeah, that was funny,” Dustin chuckled. “Hell of a picture too.”
After a few more minutes chat, they bid goodbye. “I love you, guys,” Dustin said. “I really do.”
“Never forget that,” Sam added.
“We love you, and you will succeed. We know it.”
“I love you.”
Everyone entered Sonovan’s room as he lingered there in meditation. They came in and sat next to him in a circle, eyes closed, minds focused. Every minute that passed was another closer to the arrival. Less than forty-eight hours remained, and each dragged by slower than the last.



CHAPTER 39
THE ARRIVAL


Almost two days had passed. Sonovan lay anxiously in his room, readying himself. Already prepared and suited up, The Shadowforce made sure to rest and fill themselves with energy, no matter how much anxiety and worry filled their minds with negative thoughts. During this time, sleep was rarely achieved. After all, this would be the culmination of everything Sonovan Lung and The Shadowforce had fought for. Everything led up to this moment—the ultimatum. 
They sat together in a circle, eyes shut and minds empty, wills focused. Sonovan's eyes suddenly popped open and he stood up. The others looked up at him. He strode with alarm to a corner of the room, eyes darting about at the ceiling. 
“What is it?” Ryan asked.
Sonovan turned to them and whispered, “He is here.”

* * *

The Titan dropped out of warp and glided over the face of the waters of Earth. Titan stood like the emperor he was, in his throne room, gazing down at the glistening seas of the blue-green marble. 
“On this rock, I will build the New Tetra,” he said. “On this day, the true Justification begins.” The other five warships he had chosen to accompany the Titan dropped out of warp in its wake. Solis smiled as Titan continued. “I want you to ready every soldier on all the ships.”
“Yes, my lord. They are ready for battle.”
“Good. I expect them to be. Do your duty, Solis.”
“Yes, my lord. I have fought alongside you for ages. I will not stop now.”
“Release the Orbs. All four. Ensure they reach their destination on each side of the planet.”
“Yes, my lord.” The sun’s light shone around the ship, illuminating the entire room. “Tap into the broadcasting frequencies, Solis.”
“Why?”
“I want to hear it. The panic.”
Solis brought a transmitter to him and he listened for almost fifteen minutes, shutting his eyes against the dazzling light from the giant transparent enclosure. Screams and hysterical reports were on every station. Not much time had elapsed before the humans had spotted him. He sneered as the transmitter scanned through every frequency on Earth. 
“Ah, so satisfying,” he said, elated. “Their fear will be short-lived.”
At that moment, ten flaming missiles approached from the surface. Titan distinguished them from afar and screamed for Solis to shoot them down.
They obliterated nine of the ten missiles, but one still headed for the throne room. Titan stretched out his arms to stop the attack, and he did. The missile halted as he used a great amount of Ooris to hold it in place. 
Spreading apart his hands, Titan growled as he disassembled the missile piece by piece. It exploded, far from the ship’s hub. 
Titan sank onto one knee, exhausted. He then stood and faced Solis. The missile had come closer than it should have. Too close. One explosion would send everything haywire. 
“Prepare the message. I want to appear gorgeous. Blonde hair. Ocean blue eyes. Tall. Everything this feeble stretch of civilization deems perfect. And for the other societies, what they deem perfect.”
“At once, my lord. The Orbs have been released.”
“Good. Let us end this.”
The Titan descended through the atmosphere, soon hovering over New York City. If he went to any place, he would go to the very city The Shadowforce originated. The millions below looked up to the gigantic ship, its wide diamond shape blocking the light of the sun. Some shrieked, some screamed, some ran, and others froze in place. The monstrous invader hovered over the Big Apple, casting an ominous shadow. 
A small scout ship jettisoned from the Titan. In it, Solis located the one-and-only Irene Sparks. He flew to the house and landed in the middle of the street. He disembarked as people stared in horror. With a swing of his scythe, he fragmented the front door. Irene and Timothy jumped from their places and backed into a corner. 
“No, please!” screamed Timothy. He fumbled for his gun and shot several rounds. The armor Solis wore deflected the bullets, which ricocheted into glass and wood, shattering and splintering them. Solis grabbed Irene despite her cries. Timothy lunged at Solis, but he backhanded Timothy in the face, knocking him out as he hit the wall. 
Neighbors screeched, rushing like ants as three of Titan's soldiers kept watch outside the smaller vessel. One nodded at the other two, prompting them to violently silence the screams. Irene Sparks, the wife and mother of the Sparks family was abducted by Solis, the Voir to the Titan, Emperor of the Tetra. Solis personally piloted the craft out of the neighborhood and boarded the Titan. Sedated to prevent any nuisance, Irene was brought before Titan, who ordered for her to be kept alive. 
“Only to be used if it becomes necessary,” Titan directed.

* * *

Inside his quarters, Johnny had just attached the blue-tinted shades to his suit when he was overwhelmed with the realization of what was happening and what he was about to do. Only an hour earlier, he had had to give a bit of a pep-talk to Jane, who was prone to all the same things he was.
Suddenly falling limp, Johnny collapsed to the floor, his legs weak with dread and anxiety. That very second, Sonovan walked in. “Johnny?”
Glancing upward, Johnny sighed. He hadn't wanted Sonovan Lung to see him like this. “Sorry. I just... I don’t know where to turn.”
Nodding in empathy, Sonovan approached him, kneeling down. Sighing, he began to speak. “I know what you are feeling, Johnny Sparks. Your friends, Sam and Dustin, were in the same state of mind before we fought Titan the previous time. I taught them a lesson, and so I will teach you.”
Shaking slightly, he turned his head to face Sonovan. “I just... I don’t know if I have the strength. Not even physical strength. I mean the mental strength to do this again.”
“You sound exactly like your friends,” chuckled Sonovan. He placed his hand on Johnny’s shoulder in a soothing gesture. “This is what you must know. The will to survive and prevail will only come once you accept your place in reality. But, most importantly, the necessary will can only arrive when you gaze into the eyes of your enemy. For in that moment, as I told your friends, fear will find you. Fear of losing every person you have ever loved will hit you like a punch. The rest is up to you, but knowing Johnny Sparks, nothing will stop you then.”
Johnny gazed into the man’s eyes for half a minute, searching for something he could unearth in them. He turned away. “I see what you mean,” he replied. Though not entirely better, this pep-talk had helped to ease his emotions. “Thank you, Sonovan.”
“Always my pleasure, Mr. Sparks. Now, go, my comrade. Leave me and lead your team into victory. Today, I redeem myself. Though Titan has plotted a Justification, I have planned the Redemption.”
Breathing in and then out, Johnny stood. His mind was ready, and he knew it. For the first time, he believed he had finally attained that perfect will Sonovan had described. The will to act with fear of the repercussions and to only see one outcome: a victory. He fastened the dark blue mask on his face, which covered his features up to the blue shades.
The Shadowforce was ready for battle. Johnny stepped in front of the team and rubbed his hands vigorously. “I want you all to know how proud I have been to know you. Since the day we met, you guys have been second family to me. That goes for you too, Rose. And Jane. Anyway, I guess, uh, this is it. We have come this far. No matter what happens, I love you guys. I really do. This is our time. Titan thinks he will destroy everything we have ever loved, but he’s mistaken. He knocked on the wrong door. In the name of life, join me, my friends. In the name of The Shadows. In the name of Sonovan Lung. In the name of Oora. In the name of the Shadowverse itself. Join me, and together... we will defeat the force of Titan! One last time.”
The roar from among them was exhilarating. “For the Shadowverse!” thundered Ryan.
“For the Shadowverse!” boomed Sam and Dustin.
“For the Shadowverse!” yelled Jane.
“For my fathers!” screamed Rose. 
“For The Shadows,” Sonovan finished.

CHAPTER 40
FAKE MESSIAH

The holographic systems had been initiated, and Titan prepared himself to make a declaration before humanity. A light beamed down from the Titan and materialized from toes to head into a life-like human man with blonde hair, blue eyes, and a stature unrivaled by anyone. He smiled at all the people who had gathered. Cars stopped in transit, and the sounds of the city silenced. Newscasts interrupted to film live on location. The world held its breath as convincing, realistic holograms of a striking, elegant man appeared in every major city on the planet.
Fixing his now-blonde hair, the image commenced, “Hello, my companions in creation. I am Natit, your savior, and aid in time of trouble. I have been referred to by many names. I am Jesus Christ. I am Mohammed... Allah. I am Yahweh. I am Krishna. I am Buddha. I am the Messiah. The being this planet has been lying in anticipation of since the dawn of civilization. And now, after many centuries, I am here. Truly, I am sorry I had not been there for you. But I am here now. No longer will plague, disease, corruption, death, and destruction scourge your people. 
“Humanity has been chosen. You are the chosen ones—no other species can boast of such. This very day, all the horrors of the past will cease. 
“This generation, your young ones, have such potential to reach the stars, yet are somehow grounded to earthly desires, possessions, and lifestyles. You. You are fearful. Your freedoms and free will blind you. Freedom has become the chains of this generation, and you have done this to yourselves.
“But no longer. Together, this very day, our destinies will intertwine, and we shall spread out across the stars, forever together—forever one. Your destiny is above any other species in the universe.” He adjusted his stance and put on a tempting and welcoming expression. “You will be like gods, and together, we will justify creation in the sight of the One... in the sight of Oora.”
During the speech, as it mystified the world, a car pulled up and a man in a well-tailored suit climbed out. He strode up to the realistic hologram, unafraid. “I am sorry, Titan, but we do not accept.” Natit furrowed his brow.
Behind the gargantuan monitor on the Titan, Titan stumbled back, confused. “How?” he said to himself. “No. No. No!” Focusing, he could now feel them. His mind had not sensed them, for his faith in their demise on Herook had been too great. I had too much faith. “They will never learn.”
Scowling, the hologram muttered, “So be it.” He then dematerialized. 
“The enemies are here,” Titan growled, turning to Solis. “They always find a way.”
“What is your command?” replied Solis, equally angered.
“Complete what we came here to complete. Set course for the Gobi Desert. There, we will park the Titan.”
“And the machine?”
“Leave that to me. I will take it and legion of soldiers. Keep another thousand on the sands of the Gobi as a distraction. Make it more per your discretion. As for you and I, our destination is the Valley of Megiddo, in Israel. It is poetic. If somehow all else fails, rendezvous with the fleet and order them to destroy everything in sight. All ten million of my Special Forces must then be expelled onto the surface.”
Scuttling about, Solis made ready for the invasion. “May the Shadowverse be with you, my lord.”
“Let us hope not,” Titan replied.

* * *

The Shadowforce left the bunker. “Mr. President, where is the ship?” Johnny asked through his communicator. 
“The Gobi Desert.”
“The Gobi? Why?”
“I don’t know, but you had better get over there.”
Sonovan stepped in front of them before they departed. “On the other side, there will likely be a contingent of his military. Fight with caution. Johnny, your speed will be our best aid. Dustin, as soon as we arrive, I want you to go into full hurricane mode. Ryan and I will drop as many as we can and cover you. Rose, I want you to light everything that moves ablaze. The heat should be as if the Sun walked on Earth. Sam and Jane, I want you both to keep close together. So, the pairs are Ryan and me; Sam and Jane; and Dustin and Rose. Johnny will be rogue.”
“Sounds fire,” Rose replied, smirking. 
“Remember your training. I have been blessed to be with you. Now, into the fray, we shall go.”
Every suit illuminated its colors—Dustin gold, Sam white, Jane red, Ryan green, Jane gray, and Johnny blue. They fired fortification mode up, so the uniforms bulked up, adding ancillary weight as the armor materialized and hardened onto their bodies.
With a tentative voice, Dustin spoke, “Aurora, take us to the Gobi Desert.”

* * *

Taking a small ship to the Valley of Megiddo, Titan stepped out, armor and all, breathing in the fresh air as a smooth breeze flowed across his large frame, red eyes, and bald head. “A beautiful day. A beautiful day for the birth of the Justification.” With more on the way, five-thousand soldiers followed behind him. Over thirty carried the machine. The tan creation had a rectangular shape, with a conglomeration of spires and pieces inside it. 
Once set up, Titan, stressing the need to do it himself, ignited the Justification Machine. Constructed by Titan himself, the automaton was created to open a portal into the Shadowverse, paving the way for its energies to surround the planet, which would offer the Ooris Titan needed to possess every living human on Earth. Once initiated, Titan sneered as a ray of black energy shot out of the center. The beam halted twenty thousand feet above the surface, where a piercing sound emanated. In the spot where the energy had accumulated, a gap emerged. Murky mist seeped from this anomaly, mixing with the beam from the machine. 
There was an explosion, and the beam shot higher into the sky until its top skewered out of sight. It stopped at the edge of the mesosphere, where Titan’s satellites had been placed. At this moment, the beam split into a multitude of directions that curved across the face of the planet, gradually shrouding it in darkness. The Ooris had begun to spread.
“I waited long enough for mankind to advance,” Titan said, grinning vilely. “Now I can justify them.” 
A timer appeared on the Justification Machine, ticking down from sixty minutes. Once the timer reached four zeroes, Titan would ascend above everything in the physical universe, on the doorstep of a godly status.

* * *

The portal shoved the brigade out into the desert, and the Sun seared their skins as The Shadowforce surveyed the scene. High above, the Titan hovered over them. Straight in front of them, dozens divisions of soldiers stood, numbered in the thousands, per Solis’s command. Their armor was black and their helmets translucent, tinted black as well. In their arms were white blasters, the appearance of which was similar to rifles.
“Slip on your masks, guys,” Johnny directed.
“Party time,” Ryan exclaimed.
Sonovan walked to the front of the pack. “Who is in command here?” 
A soldier in gray armor stepped forward and approached them. “It is I, Sonovan Lung. How grateful we are that you could join us, coward.”
“Coward no longer. Where is Titan?”
“It is of no importance.”
“Must you take the difficult path? If I do not have to fight, I will not. But if I must, be ready to meet your maker.”
“Is that a threat?”
“It is whatever you make it to be.”
“Death, then.”
“For you.”
The commander chuckled and took out his blaster. Sam froze him on the spot, white hair blown back by the quick strike. 
“Sam, was that necessary?”
“What? Was I the only one who knew that conversation was going to Nowheresville?”
“He might have been able to tell us something.”
“Eh, but I hate wasting time.”
The other soldiers unhinged their rifles and aimed at The Shadowforce. “All right, here we go,” Johnny said, planting his feet into the sand. 
“Red,” Sonovan directed. 
Johnny blasted off and into the fray. He ran as if his life depended on it, and technically, it did. Johnny kicked up the sand as he moved like a hyper-speed locomotive. He punched, kicked, elbowed, and threw aside anyone in his way—a man on a mission. In fact, he had not thought he could ever be so violent or so devoted to a cause. Only a couple of weeks ago he was in his apartment studying for an exam which seemed meaningless now. Yet, this is what he had yearned for: a higher purpose.
“For the Shadowverse!” Ryan cried. 
“For the Shadowverse!” the others roared. 
They ran into the battle. Dustin recognized the opportunity and exploited the environment’s main constituent—sand. Upon his command, the sand was raised and blown into a vicious fury of wind, transforming into five distinct twisters.
Sonovan leapt into the fight, slamming down with an Energy burst. The pure Ooris ripped apart the soldiers around him. His eyes blazing white, he was never more prepared to complete the responsibility Oora had charged him with. 
Adjacent to him, Ryan smashed, flipped, and kicked the enemies. Their blaster fire proved ineffective as he plodded through to clear the way for Rose and Sam. Similar to Sonovan, though not quite as powerful, Ryan smashed through the soldiers, obliterating some with ease. Their bodies, some organic, others robotic, were wiped out from his power. 
Jane slipped under an attacker, who followed her move and grabbed her by the throat. Johnny careened to the rescue, slipping through and breaking the neck of her assailant. She flinched. “Thanks,” she replied. 
“Get on,” he motioned, trying to make out her form. The sand blew in torrents.
“What?”
“Get on.” He opened his arms for her to climb onto. “Don’t be afraid. We will work together.”
She got on his back and they both sped off. Jane focused her power on the air. This formed a vast wave of telekinetic energy that immobilized the bulk of the army. Running at an unparalleled speed, Johnny, carrying Jane, encircled the battleground. In an ear-splitting scream, she pushed her arms down, and nearly half the soldiers face-planted into the sand. 
“Nice job,” Johnny approved.
Dustin turned the twisters into the path of the downed warriors. “Rose, now!” he cried. 
Fire ejected and gushed from her hands, immersing the sand devils in flames. “Fire tornado coming around!” she screamed to Dustin. “Do it!”
On their way to the immobilized soldiers, the fire tornadoes drove through the other four hundred, bathing them in flames. The soldiers screamed in agony as they burned. The other five hundred which Jane had immobilized were eliminated, the fire baking them in their armor where they lay. 
Sam froze the last remnants of the once-formidable foes. He turned to see Sonovan somehow surrounded by almost fifty, who attacked from all sides. Yet, Sonovan moved with an unparalleled pace and blocked all the strikes.
Closing his eyes, Sonovan felt peace—tranquility in the middle of battle. “All that surrounds me is fear,” he said. Every movement of the opponents he heard and deciphered. The soldiers behind him moved their feet in preparation to shoot. Everything seemed to move in slow motion. “And the dead,” he finished. The sand beneath him took the full fury of Ooris. His fist impacted the ground, the Ooris rushing through the sand beneath like an earthquake. Thus, the many adversaries were no more.
Sam froze the burnt soldiers. In the span of a few minutes, the entire brigade had been slain. 
“Woohoo!” Ryan roared. “That’s what I’m talkin’ about!”
They came together and congratulated each other. “Excellent job, Shadowforce,” Sonovan complimented. “Johnny, that was an excellent idea to take Jane on a joyride. Perfect use of her power. Dustin, you came in clutch, as did Rose. A flame tornado! Did not expect that. As for the rest of us, excellent work. Brilliant, Ryan and Sam. Brilliant. But now, the true fight begins.”
Johnny nodded and replied, “Where is he?”
A transmission came through his attached headphones. “Great job out there. Titan is in Megiddo. Like, the Valley of Megiddo. In Israel. And the Justification has already begun.”
Johnny looked up and turned to them. “He’s in the Valley of Megiddo. Israel.”
“Israel? Why would he choose that place?” Sam asked.
“It’s already been started,” the voice informed. “The machine, I mean.”
There was silence. “Well, what are we waiting for?” Sam exclaimed. “Let’s get this sucker!”
“It’s not that simple, Sam,” Johnny replied. 
“Well, sure it is. You’re thinking too much.”
“Trust me, I’m not overthinking anything. Titan is ready for us, I know it.” He turned to Sonovan. “What are we going to do?” His heart beat with such ferocity he could barely detect it. Clearly, this little brigade had been a distraction. Above, two more invading ships were making their way through the calm, blue skies, filled with more soldiers.
Sonovan grabbed his hand, grasping it tight. “You know what to do.”
Johnny stared at him, unsure yet somehow certain. “Dustin, open the portal.”
He gulped. “Aurora, take us to the Valley of Megiddo.”
“Certainly.”
“For the Shadowverse,” Dustin muttered, for hopefully the last time. 

* * *

The mist of Ooris had dimmed the sky surrounding Earth. Solis stood near Titan, admiring the sight. 
“This is it! My ascension!” Titan bellowed. “This is the hour. Millennia of searching will finally come to a head. The Justification is here.” 
“Oh, I don’t think so,” retorted a voice from behind. Titan rotated his body dreadfully slowly, his eyes making contact with Johnny’s. The rest of The Shadowforce accompanied him. 
The thousands of soldiers behind Titan, along with Solis, who boasted an enormous scythe, armed themselves. Vultures soared above in the air as if in anticipation of the conflict.
Before he could reply, Sonovan front-flipped gracefully from behind Jane and moved to the front of the pack, between the next generation of heroes—The Shadowforce—and the Titan.





CHAPTER 41
ULTIMATUM, PART I


It had all begun that night in the parking lot—one of those moments that would go down in history. Johnny Sparks and his friends were imbued with superpowers from the mysterious Z. The journey of a lifetime was set into motion. And now, the end neared.
Johnny had never wished to witness a glaring Titan on Earth soil, the world he had called home since birth. Ryan, Rose, Jane, Sam, and Dustin felt the same. But that very reaction spurred something fresh: a global patriotism. 
Head held high, Titan scowled at The Shadowforce. “So, the heroes found a way back home. Incredible! Your power is unprecedented!”
“You know what we’ve come for, Titan,” responded Johnny, scowling. “You think you can take away the free will of the universe? I believe you are mistaken.”
“You can recollect what I said about free will, can you not? Free will is an illusion. A mirage. Take this place, for example. A beautiful planet, yet its inhabitants cannot control their evil. Even now, a murder is taking place. Even now, someone starves to death. Even now, something terrible ensues. 
“The political leaders of this planet are naïve, corrupt, greedy, and inhumane. They only seek to do evil—to better their lives. Fakes! Don’t you understand? Give a species free will and they will destroy themselves. Your world will fail, like all the others.”
“I believe in humanity. We may hurt each other, but if we work together, we can achieve anything,” replied Johnny.
“No. Humans are too weak to do as you say. This world—this society—is far beyond repair. Won’t you agree, Adia? Or may I say, Justice? Did your time with me not show you the truth?”
Rose glared at him and ignored his question. “You will pay dearly for my parents. You will wish you stayed in the Shadowverse.”
“I miss you, my dear.”
Her jaw clenched. “I never wanted you as my lord.”
Sighing with a feigned sadness, he continued, “Don’t you see? This civilization is too weak! They say ‘I believe in humanity’ yet continue their evil deeds. And now it has reached the point of irony. The politicians, and so-called good people, condemn the acts of treason and murder, yet take part in them. In their little huddles—their sects of debauchery—they secretly condone the very acts they would condemn. Irony! So, since humanity is too weak to change, I will do it for them.”
“You’re right, Titan. You’re right. But while people fail in so many areas, I still believe in hope. Hope that humanity will one day choose the right path.”
Sonovan nodded, as did the others. “You must have faith and hope, my old enemy. You must have faith. Not everyone is evil.”
Titan shook his head. “Then, since they are too slow to improve—to change—I will speed it up. No longer will there be death, chaos, or war, for all will be me. All will be me.” Johnny flinched under the chilling declaration. The others gulped. “And I will rule with an iron rod for all the days that remain.”
But Sonovan was fearless, for he had been through this before and knew Titan better than anyone. “So be it,” he challenged. “Time tends to repeat itself. What has happened before... will happen again.”
Titan chuckled aloud. “When I win, your powers will be mine as well, and there will be no Shadows to stop me. Orslon, Venarian, Zydok. They truly became legends. But they are now dead. I will inhabit your bodies, and your powers will be spread across all of us. Think of it! Speed, wind, ice, absorption. All mine!”
Sonovan shook his head. “It was I who masked our location,” he said. “You may think it was an extraordinary act of your faith, but it was me. You failed.”
Titan narrowed his eyes thinner than a razor blade. “It doesn’t matter. You will not stop me this time. No matter how hard you try, you cannot avoid your destinies.”
“And how can you be so sure?”
“Your ignorance blinds you. You are not the first, nor will you be the last. Many have been as arrogant as your freshly christened 'Shadowforce.’” With this, he turned his head to Sonovan, smiling maliciously.
Sonovan recognized who Titan was referring to. “And we defeated you. Orslon. Venarian. Zydok. In their name, I will defeat you again—permanently.” Titan snarled at the comment.
Sonovan stepped closer. “By the end of today, you and I will be together in the Shadowverse. You will never again be able to escape and terrorize reality.”
“Now, do not jinx your already dwindling odds.”
“You talk a lot,” Dustin cut in. “Even more than me. Damn, I never thought I’d see the day. Someone who blabbers more than me!”
“You will never win—any of you. If I fail today, Earth will destroy itself within the century. Would you not rather save your species than let it slowly suffocate over time?”
“I would rather do my part in saving ourselves.”
Rotating in place, Titan created a telekinetic shield around the Justification Machine. “Well then, if you love these feeble souls so much, you will have to slay me to ever stop the Justification.”
“And that, Titan, we shall.”
The soldiers behind Titan adjusted their stances. At the same time, Sonovan unsheathed the Vorson Swords and charged them with a huge flow of Ooris. They almost resembled dark lightsabers now.
From among the soldiers walked Solis in full gear. He wore gray armor with metallic rib cages and held his massive, technologically advanced scythe. He stopped when he reached where Titan stood. “The ultimatum is here, my lord.”
“Yes, Solis. It will pave the way to millions of worlds with no heroes to guard them.”
“No!” Johnny screamed. He sprinted to Titan and aimed for his side. Titan threw a hook punch, but Johnny ducked and lashed back with an array of punches. They were so quick that Titan lost his balance. Johnny pounced onto him, but Titan was ready this time. Grabbing Johnny by the throat, he squeezed with a tremendous force. Ryan stormed in and kicked Titan in the side.
“Get off my friend!” he screamed. Titan stood back up, squaring off with Ryan. Titan attempted to thrust kick him, but Ryan moved to the side, squatted low, and sprang out like a trampoline, just as Sonovan had taught him. The two slammed into each other, flying through the air and landing with an earth-shaking bang. 
The Special Forces, realizing battle had begun, bolted into action. Their armored outfits resembled the ones Z had given The Shadowforce, since the Tetra initially created theirs for the very Special Forces the heroes were now fighting. 
Dustin flared up a torrent of wind, collapsing the soldiers, which were half-robot, half-living. The wind from Dustin threw them off-balance, which was exactly what The Shadowforce sought. Ice rained down upon the army. Sam had unleashed a furious stream of icy shards, which froze nearly seventy of the robotic soldiers. The frozen water shaped gargantuan drifts.
Rose followed by discharging fire, aiming at the warriors surrounding them. She leapt into the air and slammed back into the ground, similar to how she had when she had fought as Justice. When she landed, an explosion of fire and energy burst out from her center. Her eyes burned in fury as the robots blew apart and fell to their knees, still ablaze. Though no longer a servant of Titan, the lessons he had inadvertently taught her had not been forgotten.
Titan lifted Ryan off him and attempted to break his neck by slamming him into the ground. He smashed Ryan down, forming a hole in the soil as if from a meteorite strike. But it was to no avail, as Ryan was still alive and kicking, the matter his body had absorbed protecting his human frame. 
Jane shoved Titan forward, lifting him up and smashed him into the ground as well. To her horror, Titan jumped back onto his feet in one motion. He reached out and telekinetically grasped her by the throat. “Come over here, weakling!” he bellowed.
But she didn’t budge. For the first time ever, her own telekinesis held him back. He furrowed his brow and kicked his power into full gear. But still she barely moved. He realized one thing: She was getting much stronger.
“I... can’t hold it... much... longer!” she cried. Nevertheless, she held strong, much to Titan’s bewilderment as she began to close his hand. He fought to maintain his superiority, but he was losing. 
He expelled as much possible Ooris as he could, which finally broke through. She flew in a straight line, right into Titan’s grasp, who choked her there. 
Johnny made his way through the army, catching sight of Sonovan, who had been enjoying himself in the heat of battle. Then he turned and saw Titan with Jane in his grasp once again. “No!” he screamed. He bolted through the misty dirt and gravel, kicking Titan in the crotch. A painful spray of knees, elbows, and punches followed the first strike, before Johnny leapt onto him, arms strangled around Titan’s neck. Titan dropped Jane and grunted as Johnny held on, dangling above the ground, due to Titan’s nine-foot height. Reaching as far back as he could, Titan latched onto Johnny’s hair, pulling him up and slamming him onto the ground with a thunderous thump. 
Titan spoke into his armor. “Take me to the lab.” A portal opened just as Johnny stood up again. To his horror, Johnny watched as Titan sneered, about to jump into the floating transport. He had to move fast and come up with a plan in only a millisecond. 
Jane thought for him. In retaliation, she reached out and angrily shoved Titan into the portal.
Sprinting to Sonovan’s location, Johnny grabbed him and ran toward the spherical portal. The world progressed in slow motion as Johnny pulled Sonovan along. The duo slipped into the rapidly-closing sphere at the very last moment, as Jane too aided them, her telekinetic abilities pushing them through. If it had taken a moment longer, Johnny would have missed the chance.
Titan exited the wormhole at a high velocity, thanks to Jane’s final push. He had crashed onto the soil, where the smells of war instantly evaporated. Standing up at the former Montauk Air Force Base, he observed all kinds of tents, trucks, cars, and mobile homes. The scientific community, news outlets, and NASA had been there ever since the wormholes had first opened. 
Titan chuckled to himself at their amazement, but it did not last long, because the people spotted him and fled in fear. On top of that, Johnny and Sonovan had somehow passed through the portal too. “Why must you persist? Will you ever learn?” he said, frustrated.
“No, I’m very thick-headed,” Johnny replied. “I hope you got a good look at someone else standing up to you, by the way. Her name is Jane. Call her by it.”
Sonovan scowled at Titan, who scowled back. “Look at them. How primitive and underdeveloped. Now it is too late to wake up this place and bring you all back to life—to reality!” he bellowed. “If I do not save them, this species will destroy themselves. Can’t you see that? I am not hurting them—I am trying to save them!” he bellowed again, balling his raised fist.
“You are not wholly misguided, Titan,” responded Sonovan. “These people are distressed and agitated. And you are right. Freedom can destroy a people, and this place is becoming increasingly lawless. But you must not give up hope. Each person should strive to be the peacemaker—controlled, serene—not a nothing. All should work together towards a common goal.”
“It pleases me we can agree on something, but Earth is beyond hope. And any hope they do have I will rip from them.”
“You still have not changed,” Sonovan retorted.
“Justice never changes.”
“Enough talking,” Johnny said.
“What do you think I am doing? I am distracting you to prolong the time!” 
Johnny darted to Titan, who, though foreseeing an attack, was not fast enough to dodge the speedster. Johnny sent Titan through the gate, landing as many punches as possible, instantly shattering the ‘No Trespassing’ sign.
Sonovan sprinted behind—trying his best to catch up to Johnny’s blazing speed. Titan and Johnny both slammed into the ground, Johnny on top of the armored ruler of the Tetra. Consumed by hatred for his enemy, Johnny struck with punches, palm strikes, and a basket of other techniques without any sign of relenting. His anger fueled his every move, unremittingly and ruthlessly venting his pure rage. “I will kill you!” he screamed. In a span of three seconds, Johnny had landed sixty hits. 
Now it was Titan’s turn to retaliate. The giant man swept his arm to the right, easily shoving Johnny off his body. As his eyes burned red, Titan picked up Johnny by the back of his neck and rammed him into a wall. Roaring in fury, he grabbed the speedster’s leg and slammed his body back into the ground like a rag doll. Telekinetically grasping him, he flung Johnny’s body back into the wall of the building and Johnny yelled and writhed in dizzying pain. The Ooris in him worked on overdrive to resist his body’s tendency to faint.
The damage would have been worse if Sonovan had not rushed to the rescue, executing another flying side-kick on Titan’s shoulder, eliciting a grunt and pushing him away from the downed, but recovering, Johnny Sparks. “A rematch, once again,” Titan noted. Titan looked about at their surroundings, not ever imagining this to be the place. “The years have led to this moment, Sonovan. Here we are again. Oh, such memories.”
“It has been a millennium in waiting,” Sonovan replied. “This is for Zydok, Orslon, and Venarian. For The Shadows.”
The memory returned to Titan. He remembered them clearly. It was so long ago, but even then, he had known in his very being they would defeat him. In their eyes had been the desire and the will to overcome. And now, almost one thousand years later, Titan could still see the same in the eyes of Sonovan. Much time had passed, but Sonovan had the unchanged, consistent look of wisdom and strength in his eyes. For that reason only, Titan found respect for him. Never in all his journeys had Titan ever come across a being of such passion and conviction.
Sonovan advanced toward him, skillfully sidestepping a wide kick from Titan, who then spun into a spinning backhand, followed by a hammer fist. Sonovan ducked the attempt, but instead of getting hit or dodging the downward attack, he clutched the giant fist with both hands. Gripping tightly, Sonovan threw the giant arm aside, as Titan’s entire expression shifted. Without warning, Sonovan executed a 540-degree jump triple kick, landing potent strikes on Titan’s leg, body, and face—all with one swift kick. 
Titan was heaved backward as his eyes widened. “Indeed, you are powerful,” he marveled, astonished. Yet, what had he expected? Though he himself had trained in his own style, Sonovan had been a member of the most skilled league of warriors in history.
Sonovan slid his swords back into their respective sheaths. “No. Power does not determine anything. Only will and desire does. And I have both.” Pieces of the wall of Montauk Laboratory slid off their bearings, crashing to the ground as the two dueled with bare hands. 
The duo worked off each other’s strikes, parrying, ducking, and responding with similar attacks. The attacks were fueled with Ooris, leading to blows with such ferocity and power that any other being would be ripped apart. Not even The Shadowforce members could resist the sheer power of every strike. 
Titan telekinetically grabbed Sonovan to bring him closer. Sonovan felt himself floating, but only a moment elapsed before his body sailed into Titan’s grip. “No, not this time, nemesis!” Sonovan said. He channeled even more Ooris—the dark, misty Energy flowing all the more than before. The beast had awoken. They were now matched. The Ooris coursed through Sonovan’s arms, discharging through his darkened, misty fingers before rupturing into Titan like a blaster. The two were once again flung into opposite walls. Crashes of concrete walls pinned the nemeses in an arena as Johnny still recuperated. 
Groaning, Titan pushed himself to stand, as did Sonovan. He scowled at the man. “Argh!” he roared, preparing for an onslaught no person could survive without a miracle—but Sonovan was the miracle. A perfect product of the Shadowverse itself. 
Sonovan, his form almost completely shrouded in the Ooris, took a step forward. Titan took a step. One. Two. Three. On the fourth beat, the rivals vaulted into the air—the red eyes of Titan matching the gleam of Sonovan’s white. It was time for an onslaught of pure Ooris.
Now standing, Johnny flipped over rubble to escape the sheer force of the two opposing Energies, as Titan and Sonovan exhausted themselves in a fury of Ooris. They both landed fist-first, Titan’s giant hand landing in sync with Sonovan's. The dark blast radiated first from a single whitish-red point. The ground shivered underneath the ferocious power. The two nemeses were left in stasis—neither able to push back the other as the dark Ooris blasted in every direction like ripples in a lake. The circle of energy pushed forth further still, like an uncontrolled tornado, snapping trees, cables, and the fence surrounding the former military base. Johnny rushed through the debris as it hailed down around him.
“You... will... kneel!” Titan roared through the thunderous reverberation of the two Energies. It was a stalemate, as the two glared into each other’s eyes. This would be their destiny—always opposites, always equals. 
“No!” Sonovan shouted back through the whirlwind. “We both will!” Ooris leveled the surrounding area, forming a red-white barrier between Sonovan and Titan. Their fists remained in stasis, as if sending their Ooris through the terrain, despite only being within inches of each other. Soon enough, though, the resistance barrier between the two grew too much to bear. They were both flung in opposite directions, hundreds of yards apart. Within seconds, the two had risen again. Johnny sprinted back at super-speed through the now desolate Montauk Lab. Only soil was left. No grass. No trees. No walls. No fences. Yet, Titan and Sonovan inched not away, but closer. 
“You... you are truly powerful, Sonovan Lung,” Titan said. “Why did we end up being so different?”
Sonovan was quiet for a few seconds as Johnny arrived, sliding to a stop next to him. “God damn,” Johnny marveled. “I’m out for like a minute and it all goes to shit.” Surprisingly, Titan began to laugh in his signature, deep tone. In a crazy turn of events, Sonovan did as well, before stopping himself. The humor erased itself quickly as the mist wreathed from his body. 
“I wished so much for us to have been brothers, Titan. But I was mistaken. This is our destiny.”
“I know,” Titan answered. He did know. “But not anymore.” Titan lifted his arm and spoke, “Zeo,” into it.    
The spherical portal rose from the ground and Titan leapt in. Johnny grabbed Sonovan and they squeezed through the rapidly-collapsing wormhole. Zeo turned out to be Stonehenge, in England. The Sun shone high in the sky as Titan walked among the gargantuan slabs of rock. The wires once attached to the back of his head swung loose in the wind. 
With his back turned to Sonovan and Johnny, Titan began a monologue once again. “All of creation has groaned from the beginning until now. This is the reckoning, or, may I say, I am. I am humanity’s savior and the reckoning of the omniverse. The Shadowverse, at long last, has an emperor. Oora will be pleasantly surprised when I bring the Justification to the Shadowverse and this universe. Even the One, the name I have given the creator of everything, will be glad. No more injustice. No more corruption. No more death. No more free will.”
“Oora would never agree with you,” Johnny replied. “I can say so from experience.”
“No, Johnny Sparks. You have never truly experienced it.”
“My redemption is at hand, Titan,” interrupted Sonovan. Sonovan kept his plan hidden from his thoughts, so that Titan would not discover it. He had learned to master mental warfare. The psychic powers of Titan could not affect him. Well, not anymore.
In a spurt of anger, Titan telekinetically grabbed Sonovan and flung him into Johnny. They both bounced off a rock slab. Titan stomped to them, but Johnny moved quickly and swept Titan’s leg. The move shook him off-balance, so Johnny pointed an uppercut right under the jaw, which smacked Titan with enough force to stagger him backward.
Regaining his balance, Titan spat a white substance, eyeing it in curiosity and amazement. “Blood.”
“That will be the least of your worries,” Johnny shot back, defiantly.
“I’m afraid not. Come, let us continue this battle for the very soul of reality.” Reaching out, Titan created another portal. Johnny sprinted to him, landing a kick to the leg and his side. He grunted, grabbed Johnny by the neck and threw him in. Sonovan leapt to his feet and jumped in too, just as the portal was closing. 
This time, the trio of fighters jumped to somewhere in Japan, among the hills of Mount Yari. They fought and battled with speed and skill. The lessons Sonovan had taught Johnny on Herook were clearly not wasted. 
The stars of the night shone down upon them at the high altitude. Many a time, Sonovan, the incarnation of the warriors of old, and Johnny, representative of the heroes of the future, would attack together, forcing Titan to hold them off with both arms. Other times, Titan would telekinetically throw their bodies. Telepathy would not totally work on them, for their minds were almost impenetrable. Whatever Sonovan had taught worked well. Both were relentless, unwilling to surrender. 

* * *

On the other side of the world, the rest of The Shadowforce was thoroughly busy with Titan’s robotic Special Force units. Although their abilities were quite superior to the soldiers that had been annihilated in the desert, The Shadowforce was fully equipped to make their stand.
“Jane!” called Ryan.
“What?” she called back as she shoved another Special Forces soldier into six, ripping all seven apart. She could barely hear anything thanks to Dustin and Sam creating some form of blizzard, and Rose bathing parts of the ground in flames.
“Form a shield around yourself, Dustin, and Sam! I don’t think this armor will be enough to deflect the incoming fire! I saw Titan do it! You’ve grown powerful enough!”
“I don’t think I can!”
Ryan leapt into the air, clearing the area around them. Then he turned to her. “Yes, you can,” he said in his gruff, rocky voice. “Believe in yourself.” 
Jane closed her eyes. The rolling waves of battle dissipated into ripples of silence. When she finally opened them, she was ready. Her forces of telekinetic Ooris burst forth, wrapping every hero and heroine in her shield. This paved the way for The Shadowforce to fully attack, no matter how temporary it would be. 
The endless onslaught of fire, ice, strength, and telekinesis counteracted an equally endless array of blasters and bombs. Megiddo had turned into a war zone within the span of just ten minutes. In fact, only one thousand of the nineteen thousand members of Titan's Special Forces had been obliterated. The robotic soldiers would also teleport occasionally, to reappear behind the heroes unexpectedly.
Adding to the hardships, Solis ran the entire operation from behind the scenes. He was no slouch, but rather one of the greatest military minds to ever walk the universe. 
Israeli military helicopters and fighters had been sent in, but they were easily shot out of the sky by the giant war mechanisms that Solis and his soldiers had set up. Another ten thousand soldiers were deployed, with more on the way, as the ten million aboard the five warships in space stayed in place above the face of the Earth. A few thousand were deployed every five minutes.
As the minutes raced by, The Shadowforce began to weaken. Their strength was shrinking, and their powers followed suit. Only Rose could keep up the assault unfailingly, mostly due to the fact her powers were borne from her alien DNA.
During the battle, a portal opened, and Titan, trailed by Sonovan Lung and Johnny Sparks, burst out from it. A loud kiai sounded as they saw Sonovan in mid-air executing a flying sidekick to the back of Titan’s head. Johnny followed closely behind, trying to hit low on Titan’s giant frame.
Stumbling, Titan turned and telekinetically threw them into the air and landed with, once again, another crash.
Solis raised his arm and snapped his fingers, and the Special Forces, to their surprise, ceased their fighting. He meandered through to Titan, who wiped the blood from the back of his neck. “Ah, would you look at the time? Soon, the universe will be on its way to freedom from injustice, tyranny, and death.”
“No, I won’t let you!” Johnny retorted. The Shadowforce had all run over to join them. 
“Persons like you and your Shadowforce must be broken, and there is only one way. Shall we begin?”
“What are you talking about?”
“This.” Titan levitated the entire team in one smooth motion. “This will take an excessive amount of Energy, but it must be done. You took my Justice from me. Do you not understand that I loved her as my own daughter? Now, I will take something you love as well, Sparks. Equilibrium.”
At that very moment, Solis marched through the helpless pack of heroes. In his arms was an unconscious Irene Sparks. To Johnny’s horror, the dark-clad Voir placed her in Titan’s hands. 
“You have become the new Sonovan Lung,” Titan stated, bestowing Johnny a sinister look. “And for that, you must be broken. All of you. One is not enough.”

CHAPTER 42
ULTIMATUM, PART II

Titan released his grip on Dustin, Sam, and Johnny. Instead of floating above the burnt soil, they were pinned in place on the ground. Titan kept the rest held aloft. With single movement of his arm, Titan dragged Dustin over to his empty hand. 
“We have a winner. What a superb warrior you are, Dustin Jones.”
Not a word escaped from Dustin’s mouth. “No! Get your hands off of him!” Sam cried. “Don’t you touch him!”
“Titan, please! Don't do this!” Johnny begged. “She... they are innocent. Take me instead.”
“Actually, I won’t. I will not kill them both, but you will have to choose. So, who will it be? The wife of Timothy Sparks and mother of a hero? Or your best friend? A difficult choice this is.”
“Sam, listen to me. You know what I said,” Dustin cried. “I love you man.”
“No, don’t say that! Come on Johnny! Do something!”
“I don’t know what to do.” He froze, as if time had stopped. Turning his head, he saw The Shadowforce floating off the ground, locked in their invisible prison. The scene turned dark as he watched Sam crying helplessly, in slow motion, and Titan holding his mother and best friend triumphantly in his clutches. Coming back to reality, time sped up once again. “I do not know what I must do, but I know one thing. I will not play this game of yours. You want to prove that in their hour of need, humans will commit the worst atrocities. But I will not play.”
“You are very wise, Sparks. But you must understand what that will mean.”
“If you touch him, just be aware you are already dead. You're dead!” Sam screamed.
“I hoped such measures would not be necessary.”
“Titan, I beg you. Take me instead! Please!”
“You are quoting Sonovan Lung, Sparks. When I killed his wife, Aiko, he begged me to do the same—to take him instead. How alike the two of you are!” he spat scornfully, turning to Sonovan. “Incredible!”
Johnny glanced at Sam, who was in severe distress. “Please. I don’t care. Just take me,” Sam replied. 
“A man cannot be broken, unless he is kept alive and the thing that he cherishes most is taken from him.”
“I will kill you!”
“So be it,” Titan replied coolly.
“I love you, buddy,” Dustin gasped.
Nothing in their lives could have prepared them for this. Titan snapped his fingers and Irene was killed instantly. Johnny saw her body fall in slow motion. The moment extended into an eternity. Then, Titan casually speared Dustin in the chest with a blade, choosing to watch the hero die slowly, in pain.  
“No!” screamed Sam in horror. The others could not even speak, their mouths locked shut and squirming in their places. “No! Dustin!” 
“Mom! Dustin!” screamed Johnny. “What have you done?!”
“That which is necessary. Equilibrium.” 
Johnny and Sam sank to their knees.
Coughing up blood, Dustin gripped the handle of the blade protruding from his chest. “Hurricane... is what I have become,” he muttered, painfully. Titan furrowed his brow, unsure of the words he spoke. He was about to lay the finishing blow to his neck when something extraordinary happened. 
Dustin's anger outweighed his pain, as he realized the end was near. Easing the knife out of his chest, Dustin stood up, a bloody hole gaping in his heart. “I will be your downfall.” At that very second, Ooris accumulated around him, swirling in every direction. His eye color disappeared, giving way to a pure, glowing white, while his body shifted to black. 
Titan’s eyes widened, amazed at the will and power of this mere human. He stepped back, now fearing all his plans had been for naught. The Energy was with him—the full power of the Oora. “I seek revenge and justice for all the atrocities this one has committed!” boomed Dustin, something so much more powerful than he had been before. “Give me power... one last time.” He could feel the power Sonovan had spoken of. The untainted, pure Ooris. He would be the last to ever possess such untold power.
For Titan, it was happening all over again. The winds fell upon the remnants of his army. They were obliterated—ripped into pieces. Solis, too, was thrown across the ground alongside Titan, who was still standing, stunned. 
Leaping into the air, Dustin flew like a bird. Hovering over them, he beckoned Titan closer. This would be Titan’s last effort—nearly the full capacity of his power which he would now have to expel, only minutes before the Justification could begin. It was almost time.
Grabbing a telekinetic hold of Dustin, Titan rammed the now formidable adversary into the ground, smashing his head twice. Picking him up by the neck, Titan attempted to wipe his mind, but he could not, for Ooris had pervaded Dustin completely. Only a few minor cuts appeared on Dustin’s celestial body. 
Frustrated, Titan roared in anger. “You will kneel!” he bellowed, bringing Dustin nearer to his face. “You must realize that you and your pathetic alliance are doomed to fail!” In the midst of his rage, Titan flung Dustin into the air and slammed him back into the ground, triggering a blast of dirt as if a grenade had detonated.
Limping from the hole, Dustin looked more pissed than paralyzed. Sure, the brutal assaults had weakened this new form, but not nearly enough. “Will you ever learn?” Titan exclaimed, attempting to force his mind and body onto Dustin to no avail. 
“Your time is over,” coughed Dustin. Truthfully, he was hurting now. Everywhere. But the Ooris, and the ferocious winds, clutched onto Titan, throwing him into the air. 
Dustin clapped his hands, and the wind invaded every square inch of Titan’s body, ripping his dark armor clean off. Titan fell to the ground. At the same time, the rest of the team were freed from their prisons.
Completely naked, Titan collapsed onto his knees, The Shadowforce surrounding him. Their eyes burned in anger. Solis stood and engaged his scythe. He sprinted at them to attack. He slammed his weapon into the ground, which cracked and sent an eruption of alien force through the earth. 
The Shadowforce, except for Dustin and Sonovan, were thrown back. But Sonovan did not waver. The ancient warrior turned and blocked another attack with his swords. Following it, he impaled Solis with one of the Vorson Swords—the weapons of Orslon and Zydok. 
“You brought him upon us again,” Sonovan growled. “Now suffer.” Solis collapsed to his knees and fell face first to the dusty ground. Groaning, the downed soldier wheezed as he grabbed at his chest. For the first time, Sonovan could actually make out a small part of the face underneath the cracked helmet—dark purple skin and striking golden irises. 
Taking hold of his shoulder, Solis pressed a silver button. “There... is not much time.”
“Then do what must be done,” responded his lord. “Order the annihilation.” Solis vanished in an instant, a portal consuming his body.  
The team stood up as Dustin levitated Titan off the ground. He violently threw the Emperor of the Tetra into the wheelhouse of Ryan, who punched him forward so that Johnny might take out his anger on him. He unleashed a frenzy of punches and kicks, landing a strike on every conceivable spot on Titan’s body. Jane picked him up and slammed him back, while Rose burned the armor he had worn. After this, the frenzy of attacks ceased. 
Completely naked, Titan knelt, amazed that these humans had overcome him. They could see metallic formations on his sides and on his leg. His skin was as white as snow.
Only a few minutes remained before the Justification. No longer connected to his suit, he had little Ooris left to defend himself with. But there was just enough. Growling for the last time, he took out a small object. Before they could finish him, space collapsed around Titan and he vanished. 
“Where the hell did he go?” exclaimed Johnny, turning to the others. “Tell me! Where did he go?!” Sam searched wildly around the spot, now abandoned, where he had been. Seconds passed, then Titan reappeared. 
“No more jumps left,” the object informed him. Despite the circumstances, Titan was laughing—howling madly, even. 
“I broke you,” he gloated. “I might have lost, but I still won. The winds of change will arrive here in time. You did not really think I would just lose the fight for the soul of all realities in a battle with you, did you?” Rose punched him in the face. “And today, I finally discovered the identity of Z, by the way. A token from the past, present, and future, if you will. I will not spoil it for you, because he will be here soon enough. The winds of change will come.”
“Shut up!” Johnny and Sam screamed simultaneously. 
“We don’t care who Z is! After all, he is nowhere near as vile as you!” Rose exclaimed angrily.
“I beg to differ.” On his knees, Titan sneered, then he spoke so low it was practically a whisper. “Within the next fifty years, when humanity destroys itself through war, corruption, hatred, and insanity, you will remember this moment and reconsider what your motives really were. And in that moment, you will realize you killed the prophet—the messenger—the only one who could save humanity from themselves. You will be rulers of nothing. Then, and only then, will you know that I was right all along. But it shall be too late then, for your planet will die in your hands—the planet that could’ve saved the universe. I, Titan, have done something—something you couldn't expect, or ever hope to guess. Something no one can ever take away from my record of accomplishments.”
Sonovan approached him. “No, just... no. You will not be around to see anything. The heroes I have assembled will stop anything you have ever planned.” 
“I will always return, old enemy. Forever opposites, you and I.”
“Forever equals,” Sonovan finished. “But this time, you are never coming back.”
“And how can you be sure of this?”
“Because I am going with you.”
Titan’s eyes widened, fear suddenly clouding his vision. Dustin, now calling himself Hurricane, shoved Titan to a standing position. “Congratulations, Sonovan Lung.”
“No, do not congratulate me. I am in deep sorrow, for I know I will not be able to stay with my friends or the world I was born into.”
“A necessary recompense for your actions all those years ago.”
“Yes. This is my redemption.”
Titan did not respond. Sonovan grabbed hold of him. The dusty sky opened, and a black sphere popped into existence. The monstrous dark clouds made way for the Ooris Energy, the sun’s rays shining through like a pathway to Heaven. Sonovan turned to The Shadowforce. 
“It was an honor to serve with you, Shadowforce,” Sonovan said. The members surrounded Titan and Sonovan, like a small church assembly.
Rose walked up to them. “Thank you, Sonovan.” Then she faced Titan, her former master. “And you. I hope the Shadowverse has a place for you.”
She turned to walk away, but Titan called to her lovingly. “Adia, I want you to know something. Your real father, Ta-Vir, was a great man during the time I had known him. In my defeat, he told me to remember him on the day of my passing, and I have kept my word. Not a day goes by when I do not think of him. And because of that, cherish your name. Do not throw it away.”
Astounded by the brief statement, she nodded once, but did not give him the satisfaction of a response.
“I wish I could say something, Sonovan. I wish I could say something that could summarize my time with you,” Johnny said. “I—”
Sonovan held up his finger to signal to Johnny to cease speaking. “No, Johnny. You do not need to. We will see each other again. I promise. In my departure, I will bestow upon you all my Ooris. Once you grow stronger, contact me. Set aside some time to visit me every once in a while?” Sonovan asked, the Ooris coming closer.
“We can visit you?” Jane replied.
“One day,” Sonovan replied. “Now, there is little time. I must go.” In his mind, he remembered all the places he had been, and people he had met. Aiko came to mind—when he had first met her. She had pleaded with him to let her help him, and after becoming a bit of a pest, he had obliged. It was so long ago. But now, he would meet her again. 
The Shadows came to mind as well. Orslon. Zydok. Venarian. How incredible were those days!
“Whatever you do, never stop believing. Be the heroes, Shadowforce. Never give up. Never relent from seeking out evil. For when you do, you will lose. The evil can never find you. You must find it. Do not be as I was. Remember the lessons I have taught you. You will find a way to defeat anything.”
Titan turned to them. “I underestimated you, Sparks. But he will finish what I started. I promise you.”
“You killed my mother!” retorted Johnny, crying, attempting with all his might to land a punch—something, anything—to release his rage. However, the Ooris surrounding Titan and Sonovan held him at bay.
“It had to be done. And in death, I will have become something more than just one being. I have become an ideal.” Out of breath and nearly totally void of Ooris, he turned to the entire team, to make his last statement. “You think you prevailed, my heroes, but you are wrong.” Johnny narrowed his eyes through his tears. He wiped the dirt, tears, and snot off his face, and listened to the words Titan spoke. “You truly might think you have won, and yes, today your victory is yours... but your humanity? What it means to be human? That’s mine. Forever.”
“How? What the hell are you talking about?!” Johnny felt a strange dread trickle through him.
Titan remained silent.
“That which is necessary, Titan,” Sonovan said, as the Ooris surged. “Through action, a man becomes a hero. Through death, I have become a legend. Through time, my legend will become a myth. Through hearing that very myth, another will take action. No matter what happens, this is my redemption.” Johnny, along with the rest, watched the man he admired greatly, along with the greatest threat the universe has ever known, depart. Sonovan only smiled with a reassuring gaze at the team he had constructed. The clouds separated like a pathway to the beyond. As the Ooris grasped them one last time, and the rays of the sun basked Sonovan in glory, he uttered his final words. “Do you remember? Never forget, Shadowforce. You are children of the light, children of the Shadowverse.” Then the two opponents disappeared in an instant, and the rip shut. 
The team was left standing there: wishing, wondering, confused. The shield around the Justification Machine faded, so Ryan quietly destroyed it with his bare hands. Rose finished the job by bathing it in fire as it erupted into black smoke. 
Then, the murky sky brightened as sunlight chased away the darkness. The Earth was free from the tyranny of Titan and his Justification Machine. 
Johnny ran to his mother, but Irene was already dead—killed instantly by Titan’s snap. He held her tightly, wanting so badly to wake up from this nightmare. He wanted to be back in his bedroom, the past month a figment of his imagination. But it wasn't so. He wept as he cradled her in his arms. His body trembled.
“I was not strong enough to save you, Mom. I was not strong enough.”
The others gathered around him, including Dustin. His form was dark and intimidating. Without warning, though, he collapsed as well. The pure Ooris was no longer with him. 
He fell right into Sam’s arms. “Dusty!” he cried. 
“No one lives forever, brother.”
“You can't go! Please! No!”
“I love you guys. I love all of you like family. Tell Dad and Mom I did what was necessary. I always wanted to be the hero, and now I am.”
“Dustin, just so you know, you’re awesome,” Ryan replied. Despite his size, he too succumbed to the emotions that did battle through their bodies. 
“I love you man,” Johnny said. The Shadowforce knelt onto the ground beside their fallen hero. Each placed a hand onto Dustin’s chest.
“So do I Johnny. So do I. Will you visit me?”
“Bet your bottom dollar I will,” he replied. 
“I’m scared, Sam. I’m scared.”
Sam was in complete shock and had no clue what to say. He wiped the blood off his chin and the tears off his brother’s cheek. 
“You will always be one of us, Dustin,” Ryan replied. “I w-w-wish it was me instead of you.”
“I know, but this is the way it had to be.” At that moment, the sky opened once more.
“Guess this is my ride out of here. This world was never big enough for me.”
“Thanks for meeting us there,” Johnny replied. 
Sam still cradled him in his arms. “I love you, bro. Never forget that.”
“You... have my word. Just remember what Sonovan said. We will... see each other again. I promise.” The mystical energy of the Oora surrounded Dustin, and he vanished. It left the suit he had been given, the Aurora, in his place. A legend had passed on. Sam twitched as Dustin’s figure faded from his embrace. He was there, then not, for he had been taken away.





CHAPTER 43
AFTERMATH


Sam wept for what seemed an eternity. His cries were long and bitter, and from some trench deep within. In fact, the entire Shadowforce wept. For Irene. For Dustin. For Sonovan. Their lives had been turned upside down in the span of just a few minutes. 
Finally, Sam began to ease out of his sobs. Replacing them was a burning rage. “I am going to destroy that God-forsaken ship right now!” He opened a portal and The Shadowforce jumped into it. 
They landed inside the Titan, now in an utter state of collapse. In consequence of Titan’s passing, no one knew should be done. Solis had disappeared too. “Let me make that decision for you!” Sam screamed. The entire place fell prey to Sam’s true potential. His power filled him, and he erupted into a fury of ice. Sam immersed the entire Navigation Department of the Titan in his icy rage. Every living thing froze. “Rose, I want you to destroy it.” 
“Gladly,” she replied. She leapt into the air as Ryan smashed the floor in two. Upon her impact, the pure energy inside her surged into a wave of fire. It detonated with a blast so violent that it destroyed the electronic systems of the ship, and caused it to begin to fall out of the sky over the Gobi Desert.
“Now we can leave these screwed shits!” Sam yelled ruthlessly. His demeanor was no longer the fun-loving and lively person they knew. In its place, a vengeful, rage-filled persona overtook him. Sam activated another portal to Megiddo, just as the ship approached the sands at terrifying speed.
In Megiddo, Sam picked up Dustin’s suit, realizing his smell still pervaded it. He clung to it as if to a treasure—an item he had long searched for and finally obtained. 
“Titan!” Sam howled. The long, drawn-out cry originated from deep within his very being. He lay there on his knees, sobbing. Johnny, Ryan, Rose, and Jane comforted him, yet to no avail. Johnny and Ryan were the hardest hit, besides Sam. They had known Dustin for years and considered him family. 
Johnny gathered his mother in his arms. Her eyes still shut, he too wept again, and as Sam had done, Johnny roared, “Titan!” In the aftermath of the Battle of Megiddo, The Shadowforce had lost three people. Irene Sparks, Dustin Jones, and the immortal warrior of old, Sonovan Lung. He had finally achieved his redemption—the reward being eternity in the Shadowverse with Titan and Dustin. 
In the aftermath, Titan was correct: He had broken them. And in death, I have become something more than one being, Sam recollected, I have become an ideal.
Over the next several hours, news outlets and the Israeli Military arrived to survey the scene, but The Shadowforce had already vacated the battlefield. They left only the inactive remnants of Titan’s Special Forces and the heap of ruins that was once Titan’s flagship. The impact generated a sea of inferno in the Gobi Desert, swelling across the fragments of the Titan, burying them in sand and ash. The five war cruisers orbiting the Earth had exploded in space. In fact, their orders were to destroy everything in sight, but their warp drives were somehow hacked, resulting in catastrophic technological failure. The Shadowforce was perplexed as to what could have happened, for the ten million soldiers on the ships were completely annihilated. But they had no way of knowing, and were not meant to. 

* * *

Sonovan found rest for his soul and redemption for every selfish action he had committed. Finally, at long last, he could rest. His destiny had arrived, and he had fulfilled it. For centuries, he had wondered if he could ever again be the hero—be who Oora and The Shadows expected him to be. If only Orslon, Venarian, and Zydok could see him now—their destiny fulfilled through him.
Titan, on the other hand, ended up back where he had started. The corrupt Ooris inside did not forsake him, though. Therefore, in the commencement of this new life, Titan resorted to peace and tranquility, the pure Energy leveling out his darkness. In essence, Titan had become the prime balance of the Ooris in conjunction with Sonovan’s pure, good Ooris. Forever opposites, yet forever equals—destined to remain in the Shadowverse ad infinitum, in equilibrium. Dustin, too, was far from simply dead. His death, though he had been fearful of it, proved to birth something so much grander than he ever believed could exist. Now, his Ooris enabled him to reconstruct the Shadowverse in any way he desired. Oora aided him in the discovery of new areas, and showed him how to will the Ooris into his own world. The Shadowverse itself seemed to extend infinitely—it did.
Dustin created a planet with waves hundreds of feet tall. He conjured up a surfboard with the words ‘Never Gone’ pasted on the underside. 
In losing his body, he gained unexplainable serenity. He was sure he did not ever want to return to Earth.
Titan and Sonovan had arrived in the dreamy Yeonlo Zone, which comprised ninety percent of the Shadowverse. Due to her being imbued with Ooris nearly a millennium ago, Aiko was also alive inside the Shadowverse. Sonovan could not believe his eyes and thought he must be dreaming when he saw her beautiful raven-colored hair. When she saw him, she ran to him.
“Sonovan! Is this really you? How?”
“My love? You are here? How?”
“Answer my question first!”
Sonovan did not answer her. Instead, he cupped her face in his hands. “Now I know that it was all worth it.” And there, just as he had done a millennium prior, he kissed her. 
Titan watched their encounter from afar. Aiko peeked past her husband and saw him. Though without any of his connections and armor, she still felt his presence there. That corrupt Energy was difficult to miss. “Titan?”
He stared at her. “Aiko.”
“You do not know how glad I am to see you here.”
“Glad?”
“Yes. It is about time you got what you deserved. My life needed justice.”
“I am sorry I killed you, but it was necessary.”
Sonovan rolled his eyes. “Whatever you say, old enemy.”
Titan eyed him in wonder. “How are you still not vengeful? What happened to you on Herook?”
Sonovan slapped his hand on Titan’s dark shoulder and left it there. “Because I forced myself to forgive you. The anger would have destroyed me if I had not. Also, on Herook, I came to a conclusion. You would always be my nemesis—my opposite. I would always be yours.”
“I see. You do realize it is not over, correct? Z will finish what we started. I am sure of it. And in that moment, you will know I was right.”
“I believe in heroes.”
“You mean heroes like me?” Dustin cut in. He ran over through the grass. Sonovan had summoned a planet similar to Herook, except, there was no sky. In its place, the multi-colored essence of the Oora, coupled with a space-like blackness, imitated a dreamscape sky.
“Ah, Dustin. This is a surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one!”
“What’s up Sonovan? Oh, are you Aiko?”
“Hello, Dustin.”
“Hello, ma’am.” 
Titan clenched his jaw at the sight of Dustin. “Well, well, well. If it wasn't for you... You took everything from me.”
Titan turned and vanished. There was nothing for him there.
Dustin frowned. “Anyways, see you around, Sonovan.”
“We shall meet again, my friend!” Sonovan shouted back, his voice resonating throughout the terrain.
CHAPTER 44

END OF A JOURNEY


The days flew by in a fog of grief, until it was time for The Shadowforce to meet with the President, who had asked them to consider working for the United Nations as heroes. During that time, they buried Irene Sparks. The plot of ground had been dug and casket placed inside. The entire Shadowforce attended the burial, including Timothy, who had fallen into a trench of grief. He could do nothing to stop Solis. Yet, Johnny was almost always by his side. He wanted to forget what happened and what Titan did to him. The grief would pass. Nothing lasts forever. Johnny, eyes brimming over, had held his father while he wept as the mahogany casket was covered in dirt.
A few more days elapsed and The Shadowforce slowly began to heal from the hell the past few weeks had brought. Despite the permanent absence of Dustin Jones—the Hurricane—and Sonovan Lung, the team felt a creeping excitement at the thought of meeting the President again.
The peace and quiet of the Oval Office reverted into controlled mayhem once The Shadowforce arrived. Standing in his custom-tailored, pinstriped suit, complete with a blue tie, the President smiled. “Ah, my young heroes,” he greeted, hands outstretched. 
Johnny instantly had a flashback to the time Titan had spoken an identical salutation on his ship. Forcing the thought out of his mind, he dedicated his thoughts to remain focused on whatever the President had to say. 
“Good to see you,” continued the President. “Please. Sit down.” He motioned to a Secret Serviceman and the guard fetched five—now only five—chairs. “Now, let us begin. Where should I start?”
“Anywhere you’d like,” Johnny replied.
“All right. I’ve been in direct contact with Ludridge, the Secretary-General of the UN. The United Nations will host an event for you here in D.C. I expect you to be there, barring any external influences. Ludridge will present you with awards and medals. Sound good so far?”
“Uh, yeah,” Ryan replied. 
“Go on, sir,” Sam added.
“If you agree, Shadowforce, the United States will be pleased to offer you a special gift. After that’s done, I will announce a brand-new underground headquarters for The Shadowforce. It is underneath an abandoned apartment building in NYC and has nearly as much space as the bunker in Maryland. Also, it’s filled to the brim with technology: computers, satellite dishes, televisions, and communicators to contact the nearest FBI Surveillance Vehicles.”
“Whoa,” Johnny responded, stunned.
“Holy shit,” Rose responded. “How long have you been working on that!?”
“Well, it used to be an FBI safe house.”
“Ah, makes sense!”
“My interest is piqued, sir,” Sam replied, a slight grin arising for the first time in a while.
“Cool,” Jane said. They turned to look at her. “What?”
“Are you always so calm?” Ryan asked.
“Not that that’s wrong,” Johnny cut in, making a face at him. Ryan raised his hands in defense.
“Anyway, that is not the end of it. Do you want statues? For all of you? They would rest in D.C. and Manhattan. Times Square, to be exact.”
They looked to Johnny, who seriously considered it. Then he had a flashback.
In that moment, you will reconsider what your motives really were. 
You will be rulers of nothing.
The offer before him was replaced in his thoughts by the hours he had spent talking with Sonovan and listening to everything he had to teach. His mind transported him back to Herook, sitting on the edge of the cliff with his mentor, the breeze cooling their bodies. 
Without an ounce of doubt, Johnny knew what the answer should be. “No, we don't want that.”
“Are you sure?”
“Absolutely. Sonovan Lung was a model for us all—a man of complete humility. I will not make the same mistakes he once did. So no, but thank you, sir.” Johnny internally celebrated that he could utter such words so confidently.
“I agree,” Ryan confirmed. He nodded at Johnny and gave him a thumbs-up.
“So do I,” added Sam. “Dustin would too.”
“Titan was right,” Rose interjected abruptly. The others, including the President, shot her a double-take. 
“What?”
“He was right. This place. This society. It’s bent on fame and eminence. I remember with clarity my time with him, and to be honest, he was right about lots of things. I know he was misguided in how he went about it, but he was still right.”
The others froze for several seconds. “Uh, I guess she has a point there,” Ryan eventually conceded through a frown. 
“You’re right, Rose,” Jane responded. “But please. You almost sounded like Titan himself for a bit there.”
“My inner Justice,” she replied. “It’s always there.”
Ryan chuckled uneasily, wishing to move on. “Anyway, I don't think it’s a good idea.”
“How about only two?” Johnny asked.
“What do you mean?”
“Only two monuments. For Sonovan Lung. Just two. One in New York, outside the United Nations Headquarters, and one in this HQ you have ready for us.”
Ryan glanced toward Johnny, who in turn glanced towards the rest of his team. Jane nodded first. “Let’s do it,” she said. “I like that.”
“I do too,” Ryan said.
“Great idea,” Rose said, nodding once.
“Excellent! I will have it ordered ASAP.”
“Actually, Mr. President, can we have one more order?” Sam cut in.
“Go on.”
“Can you possibly forge one for my brother? Just for our HQ.”
“It will be my honor.”

* * *

When The Shadowforce arrived in Manhattan, they filed into an FBI van headed to the secret headquarters. Traffic was dense and people were crowding the streets. Nevertheless, the van made it safely to its destination. “In there,” the driver pointed. Once parked, they jumped out and entered the apartment, which was unoccupied and clearly abandoned.
“So, where are the goodies?” Ryan asked the agent, Frank.
“Follow me.” The group stuck together closely until they arrived at a door. Frank took out a keycard from his pocket, pressing it onto a scanner. The light went green, and the door, to what seemed to be an elevator, opened.
Once inside, Frank pressed the button corresponding to the bottom floor, labeled ‘UX.’ Rubbing his hands vigorously, Ryan glanced at Sam, who uncrossed his arms, though still with an unhappy expression. Two levels below the main floor of the apartment, the elevator opened, prompting its passengers to exit with a low beep. “We are here,” Frank said, opening his arms wide to showcase the enormity of the space. 
Their clandestine residence was packed with numerous screens, computers, radios, communication devices, cameras, and—ironically—a few agents. 
Sauntering over to a few chairs, encircling a hexagonal base with three computers and their screens, Johnny was enamored with the technology the government had supplied. They had connected the screens to the hexagonal base which ascended into the ceiling. 
“Who will run these?” he asked, turning to Frank.
“That friend of yours, along with several cyber-security and defense personnel. What’s his name again? Ken?”
“It’s Kevin,” Rose interjected. “Kevin Moon.”
“All right, so Mr. Moon will manage the technological end of your squad,” he replied, hands on his hips. “Let me take you to your bedrooms.”
During the short walk to the nearest bedroom, Sam and Ryan marveled at the place. Instead of the dull gray of the bunker, this place was full of a variety of colors: black, blue, green, and slate. The ceiling measured close to thirty feet, so it provided ample breathing room. 
The corridor split into alternating entries for rooms. The first was large and spacious, with a bathroom complete with a tub. “This is yours,” Frank motioned, gesturing to Johnny. They positioned a queen-sized bed in the middle of the room, while the room itself was easily double the size of his current apartment. 
“Wow,” he mouthed in disbelief. “This is overkill. You didn’t need to go this far.”
“President’s orders. And in the main room will be two sculptures, as ordered, of Dustin Jones and Sonovan Lung.”
“Neat,” Ryan replied. Rose ventured to her own room, exactly the same as Johnny’s except for its crimson-painted walls. “Good choice of color,” she noted. 
As for Jane, Ryan, and Sam, they each wandered the corridor until they found their particular accommodations. Jane lucked out with a white interior and wooden floor. Ryan had a dark green for his room, while Sam received blue.
Meeting in the hallway, Frank led them back to the central chamber. “So, what do you think?” he asked.
Ryan raised his eyebrows, nodding. “Well, it’s sure as hell better than where I’m at now.”
“It had better be,” Frank joked. “The President spent about twenty-five million for this rig to be established. Oh, and that reminds me, I still have one more thing to show you.” Leading them once again, Frank rounded the corner behind the corridor, where a gigantic steel and titanium door barred the exit.
Frank whipped out his keycard. The door unlocked and Frank stepped through into a dimly lit area. It seemed awfully familiar. A firm jump onto the track and there was no doubt where they were. 
“Is this a subway tunnel?” Jane asked. 
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Interesting addition, but I fail to understand the necessity,” Sam said. 
“You know, this could be a fascinating place to train,” Johnny replied. “It might be small, but it works.”
“True.”
“And this provides an easy outlet to the city,” Rose replied, “I like it.”
“For Johnny, not for us.”
During the others’ chatter, Johnny kicked his feet on the track, walking towards the middle of the rail. Staring down the dark tunnel, he visualized Z somewhere out there. The question being which one was out there?
Turning back to the others, Johnny asked, “You know, any of you guys remember what Sonovan disclosed to us before he left?”
“He said a lot,” Ryan replied. “Which part, to be precise?”
“When he said how we should deal with evil and injustice?”
“Refresh me.”
“He told us to never wait for evil to show its ugly head. We must search it out.”
“Never let it find you,” Jane responded, recollecting the memory. “You must find it.” 
“Exactly.”
“So, what are you saying?” Sam asked.
“We are going to find this guy.”
“Who?”
“Z,” Johnny replied, turning back to the imperviously black corridor.
“Didn’t we all literally shake his hand though? And didn’t he literally give us powers and help us along the way?”
“You don’t seem to see the point,” Johnny snapped. “He insinuated there is some other version of him out there. In my opinion, it’s the one we had first come across.” Losing interest, Frank had ascended the two stairs back into the Headquarters, leaving them to it. “Go on,” Ryan urged.
“Which means we have to search for him. Since Kevin will be working for us, he can head the search while we, uh, you know, save people.”
“Uh huh,” Sam replied. “What are you going for here? Another big fight against an unknown guy? Remember the last time we leaped without looking? Rose was taken and we were thrown into an intergalactic war against a psychopathic lunatic who took so much from us!”
“He’s got a point,” Rose said, raising her eyebrows. 
“Of course I do.”
“You misunderstand. I don’t want to fight him. But I do want to find him. Evil cannot hide. It must be brought to light.”
“I’m in,” Jane answered quietly.
“Just like that?” Ryan asked, raising his eyebrows. She had caught Johnny mid-speech. His expression was surprised but also exultant.
“Thank you, Jane,” he acknowledged, flustered and grateful. She simply nodded before she lowered her head. In the sudden and unnecessary tension, Sam shot looks at them both. 
Something came to the forefront of Johnny’s mind. He furrowed his brow. 
“What is it?” Jane asked. 
“Do any of you guys remember what Titan said to us right near the end?”
“Precisely what?” Ryan asked. 
“The part when he said something about my, or our, humanity is his or something.” 
They scratched their heads, memories failing. “Negative, ghost rider,” Sam remarked. 
“Nobody?”
“No, I got nothing,” Rose answered. The rest had the same response.
Something isn’t right. 

CHAPTER 45
CHILDREN OF THE LIGHT

“You seriously don’t remember?” Johnny asked, bewildered. They shook their heads again.
“Yeah man, what Rose said,” Ryan answered. “Got nothing.” 
Johnny studied their expressions in the dim, golden light. “Alright, whatever. Anyone else in?”
“You know me,” Rose replied, “I love a good mystery.”
“Well now I have to join,” Sam replied. “Just another day in the universe, I guess.”
Smiling ear to ear, Johnny clapped once. It resounded far down the tunnel. “I don’t know if you guys understand how much this means to me. To see us all united and together. If only Sonovan could see the fruits of his labor.”
“He does,” Ryan replied. “Trust me. He does.”
“OK, so since we’re on the same page, that leaves that ‘event’ the only thing left on our to-do list,” Sam stated. 
“I suggest we get ready then. Two days, my friends. Two days.”
“You sounded like Sonovan when you said ‘my friends,’” Sam replied, shoving his hands in his pant pockets. 
Johnny chuckled and placed his hand on Sam’s shoulder as they walked up into the HQ. Sam, who he’d known since childhood. Sam, whose brother saved all of existence. “I’ll take that as a compliment, buddy.”

* * *

The day of the celebration arrived more swiftly than they would have liked. Simply titled “The Event” by news outlets around the world, millions gathered outside the Capitol Building for the celebration of a lifetime.
Every member country of the UN had its President, or Prime Minister, present for the special occasion. The crowd ranged from infants and small children to the elderly, its size twice that of the largest attendance to any Presidential Inauguration held in the United States. The day was chilly, yet cloudless—the blue sky vibrant. It was one for the history books.
On their way to the podium, The Shadowforce had the privilege and opportunity to shake the hands of the world leaders. The only disappointment was that they could not see them with their own eyes, for the President had supplied them with masks to hide their identities.
First, the President ascended the stairs of the platform, waving his hand in greeting to the sea of humanity.  To commence the celebration, the President gave a short, but grand, speech, which set the stage for the Secretary-General.
Following the President’s lead, the Secretary-General of the United Nations offered a ten-minute, well-thought-out introduction. He turned towards The Shadowforce, beckoning them over. 
“Who wants to come with me?” Johnny asked. It was almost a shout, the thunder the crowd emitted almost deafening.
“Not me,” Ryan replied. “You know me! I can’t do that. There are way too many people. I’ll just chill right here.”
“All right, anyone else?”
“I’ll do it,” Sam answered, nodding a few times.
The two stepped up to the platform and shook Secretary-General Ludridge’s hand once more. The screaming and shouting were drastically more pronounced now. Johnny copied what he had seen great speakers do: He raised his arm to try to beseech the crowd into silence. They obeyed.
Adjusting the microphone, Johnny spoke into it. In his mind, he sought to comprehend the sheer size of the throng, and the likely billions around the planet watching him. The weight of the moment struck down on him like a hammer, and he had to catch his breath. 
Sam recognized what was happening and asked, “Are you OK?”
“It’s just the size of it all. Thanks.”
“Of course, buddy. I’m right here.”
Johnny ever so slightly smiled and placed his hand on Sam’s back comfortingly. “So am I.”
Turning back and clearing his throat, he began to speak. “Hello everyone. Today is a day of celebration. A celebration of hope. 
“In the last few weeks, my compatriots and I have undergone the most incredible time in history. Traveling the galaxy, we discovered highly-advanced alien civilizations, with technology we had only dreamt of. We met mysterious people: a courageous, incredible man named Sonovan Lung, and a warlord bent on universal domination, named Titan. We journeyed across the stars and planets, learning about our new place in existence and our new destiny. We trained our minds and bodies to prepare for him. How did we muster the power to defeat him, you might ask? An old friend once told us the way to overcome anything. D-E-S-I-R-E,” Johnny spoke, gesturing enthusiastically. “Desire is a short word, but if you have it, nothing can stand in your way.
“We overwhelmed Titan with our desire, but that does not mean he did not take things from us. In fact, the truth is precisely the opposite. I, along with the brave people you see before you, have lost more than you can know. One of our fellow compatriots was the one who truly defeated Titan. He unlocked his full, innate potential—something we all have—in his final moments, summoning the will to overcome his enemy’s power. Our leader, Sonovan Lung, saved all of us, and thus you, by sacrificing himself. He faced his fears and saved the universe. They both did. 
“But we do not disregard the truths our enemy, Titan, conveyed to us. His knowledge of worlds and of the universe far outweighed anyone. I will try not to sound pessimistic, but in many ways, he was right.” The crowd fell silent, so much so that had a pin dropped it would sound like a grenade. Johnny adjusted his stance, breathed in deep, and released his words. “With the way things have been going lately, he foretold the fate of our world—our society. Titan predicted that the end would come, not immediately, but in time—a slow death—and that our existence would be destroyed not by an external source, but by each other.
“So, let us prove him wrong. Have faith in humanity, but never cease from doing your part in the greater story of life. I learned that. But most of all, no matter the cost, sacrifice what you want for the greater good. Sonovan Lung taught us the way of peace and goodness. If we all follow these simple tenets of living, we can make the world an amazing place, a place where other species and worlds will come to for guidance.
“And so, I implore you to follow the road that leads to life. If we work together, love each other like we should love ourselves, but more importantly work together for the things that really matter, humanity will be indestructible. Love one another, but never forget to love what is lovely.” He gulped once, shot a glance at Sam, and finished, “Thank you.”
A voice cried out from the crowd. “What do you call yourselves?”
Sam grabbed the microphone on the podium. “My brother, who was killed in battle, came up with our name. We are The Shadowforce!” 
In conjunction with the exclamation, someone pulled the sheet out from behind where they stood. Underneath, the workers exposed the memorial of Sonovan Lung for every eye to see. Johnny turned to see the massive work of art. He exhaled a long breath, in awe of the workmanship. It resembled Sonovan more than he had imagined it would. 
In the sculpture, they had portrayed him smiling wide with that wonderful twinkle in his eyes. He stood at an angle, left arm behind his waist and right arm raised high in the air, sword in hand. Johnny had never observed something so magnificent.
“That is just... perfect,” he exclaimed. 
“It is,” Sam marveled. “It really is.”
Even his bandana had been formed around his head to match the appearance they admired and deeply loved. If only Sonovan himself could witness this! Burned into his memory was that final look that Sonovan had given him. The reassuring gaze that told him everything would be all right. The way the Sun and the Ooris had basked his figure in glory. And then, the words which had resonated deep, far deeper than even the expanse of the universe itself.
You are children of the light, children of the Shadowverse.
Ryan wrapped his big, brawny arms around Rose and Sam, and Johnny did the same with Jane so that they were all connected, looking up to the sculpture of a legend. 
Johnny let a tear drop from his eye and smiled. “Enjoy the Shadowverse,” he whispered, though no one could hear him due to the ecstatic roar from the multitude.





CHAPTER 46

A NEW PATH


Inside the parallel universe, the Shadowverse, the pure Ooran being Sonovan Lung had entered a new world with incredible geometric designs. Someone with great knowledge had generated this place inside the Yeonlo Zone, which constituted ninety percent of the Shadowverse itself. An intuitive mind had attentively built this world. With Aiko by his side—forever—Sonovan explored it. Suddenly, a figure jumped out to greet them. Sonovan could not believe his eyes.
“Z-Zydok? Zy?” uttered Sonovan. This had to be him. The green, pointy-eared man smiled. In this sector, the ‘pure form’ of their bodies could be altered into their physical, original ones. Truly, Zydok resembled a human in more ways than one.
“It is I, my friend!”
“I f-found you!” he stuttered again. Sonovan ran to him and embraced tightly like a child. “My greatest friend! It is you!”
“It is, Sonovan! It is!” replied Zydok. 
“What happened?” responded Sonovan in haste. “I... I couldn’t save you. But I succeeded. I defeated the Titan, with the help of six of the strongest people I ever met... besides you.”
Nodding in understanding, Zydok laughed. “My end was coming anyway. I always knew you had it in you.”
Sonovan embraced him again and wept on his shoulder. “I have missed you dearly,” he whispered.
“Ors and V would be so proud to see you now. We finally fulfilled The Shadows’ promise: to eradicate evil, no matter the cost.”
Easing out of the hug, Sonovan gripped Zydok’s shoulders tightly. “I could never have been what I had become if not for you, Ors, and V.”
“I can believe that. Remember when we found you?” chuckled Zydok. “What a mess.”
Sonovan laughed. Words could never express his joy. “That very same thing happened to me. In death, I created something beautiful. The Shadowforce, they are called. One of them, Dustin Jones—my friend—is here as well.”
“Is that so?”
“Yes, I want you to meet him. I think V would have gotten along very well with him.”
Zydok laughed again as Aiko watched the two. “That is a surprise indeed. He was an entertaining, interesting fellow, but a formidable warrior.”
“So is Dustin.”
“I want to meet this Dustin, but please, let us not hurry. The Shadowverse has expanded far beyond its previous size. We must learn everything about this netherworld. And we only have eternity,” he said, winking at Aiko.
Sonovan wrapped his arm around Zydok’s neck, who reciprocated. Clearly hearing their conversation, Oora scooped them up, the two still interlocked as its polychromatic, vibrant energies surrounded them in its embrace. And so, with Aiko along for the new journey, the two legends passed on into the unknown.

* * *

In his apartment, Sam had finished packing up his things. All his stuff would be moved to the new Headquarters several miles away. He found an empty corner of his room and sat. Sinking onto the floor, Sam spied something he had not played with in a long time—Dustin’s Rubik’s Cube. Gathering it in his hands, he had a flashback of the very first time Dustin had shown it to him. The memory returned as vivid as it was at the time.

* * *

“Dude, check this out! I succeeded in forcing Mom to buy one!” Dustin shouted, bursting into Sam’s room. Only fourteen, Dustin enjoyed things not many would find interesting, never mind entertaining.
“What’s this?” asked Sam, disinterested.
“How can you even ask that? You should be ashamed, bro. It’s a Rubik’s Cube! Ever heard of it?”
Sitting up, fourteen-year-old Sam placed his laptop computer aside. “Huh.”
“Yeah, and check this out!” Fiddling with it, Dustin gradually aligned the colored cubes together. Sam watched intently as his usually fidgety brother patiently concentrated on the cube. “There!” he exclaimed, handing it over to his brother. “Now you try.”
The flashback ended and Sam shed several tears in remembrance. Coming back to reality, he could not believe his eyes. He had successfully aligned all the cubes in color-coordinated fashion. “I did it, bro,” he whispered. “I did it.”

* * *

Ryan awoke to his radio playing a wonderful tune. At first, he couldn't figure out where he was, rubbing his eyes to make sense of the master bedroom he found himself in. At last, he remembered where he was and what had transpired. 
Two weeks had passed since The Event, and The Shadowforce had been officially designated property of the United Nations. Their current location was kept confidential.
The scientific community, on the other hand, had scheduled conversations with The Shadowforce. Their knowledge and observations from Herook, Nexon, and Titan’s ship would be an immense kick-start in human advancement across the stars. This truly would be the evolution of planetary thinking as a whole. Remnants from the Titan were to be examined by the greatest minds on Earth.
As for Titan’s empire, the Tetra, it had already began to crumble for the last time. With the destruction of half of his fleet and its flagship, soldiers, commanders, and generals simply left the field. The power Titan had wielded on their will had been eradicated, just as Commander Zev—the one Justice killed—had predicted. A new day had begun for all the planets Titan had conquered. Led by Ledarius Wepon, a rebellion had stirred that was surprisingly faced with very little official opposition. Within a few weeks, all systems were freed from the tyranny of the Titan. The question was, could they retain peace and order without his authority? Only time would tell.
Word had spread across space that Sonovan Lung had returned and finally restored peace. This would be his greatest achievement. The rumors also had it that his protégés had made Earth their home, so no one dared to come near the blue-green marble. At least for now. Soon, though, that would not be the case.
On Earth, the wreckage from the Titan and the other half of his fleet was salvaged and in the process of being cleared. In the meantime, Jane had taken up her old job at Cricket Wireless. Though temporary, she decided to return to it since she loved to work. It gave her purpose, even with her new destiny. Kevin Moon was elected to run The Shadowforce Headquarters. He had hired two FBI Intelligence members to be his right-hand-people: Joseph, an African-American with a buzz-cut, and Christine, an Italian in her mid-20s, were both welcomed with open arms. 
Johnny routinely visited his father, now a widower. Occasionally, he would stay over for a day or two in his childhood home. In the same way, Sam visited his own parents at least once every seven days.
The Shadowforce trained five times a week. From time to time, they would practice in the subway tunnel, or in the dojo Johnny had asked the President for permission to build. The banners Sonovan had preserved and possessed were attached to the walls. A smaller version of the monument of Sonovan Lung and an original, lifelike one of Dustin Jones had been erected in the center of the main room.
Before setting the dojo up, though, Johnny, Ryan, and Sam visited the bunker where they had stayed. As they opened the door, the scent of Sonovan pervaded. They found the room precisely how he had left it—clean, spotless, still. The trio, a bit choked up, gathered the banners, his sack, and finally, the pictures. There was one of Aiko, his great love, and the figures each member of The Shadowforce felt like they knew, yet had never met: The Shadows. They only knew their names: Sonovan Lung, Zydok, Orslon, and Venarian. But they were determined to share anything they knew of them with the world.
Each possession was set up in the dojo—the pictures, the sack, and most of all, the Vorson Swords, the weapons of Zydok and Orslon, which hung like an ancient ornamental monument. 
Before they began training, Johnny and Ryan insisted on meditating for thirty minutes straight, just as Sonovan had taught them. Day by day, The Shadowforce had increased their strength and their connection to the Shadowverse, and it was only a matter of time before they could finally contact Dustin and Sonovan—and whoever else was there.
Sauntering over to his closet, Ryan dressed after washing his hands and face. Opening his door, he crept over to Johnny’s room. Johnny was on the floor meditating, as per the new usual. Leave him be, Ryan thought.
Walking over to the room Rose slept in, he peeked in. To his surprise, she was sound asleep. Finally. 
Lastly, he went over to Sam’s room and discovered that he was meditating as well. Newly framed photos of his family and Dustin were hung on the wall and randomly dispersed along the desktop.
Turning back, he tip-toed to the refrigerator, doing his best to keep quiet. His efforts were doomed to fail. Before he knew it, Rose was behind him. “What are you doing?” 
Ryan jumped in fright, knocking into the refrigerator. A few cans inside were displaced. “How did you hear me? I was being super quiet!”
“Um, you are really loud.”
“Dammit. I’ve been working on my stealthy ninja footwork!”
She laughed, joining him in searching for something to eat. “What’ve we got in here?” she asked.
“Let’s see. Tuna. Some fresh salad. Oh! How about some waffles? Kevin keeps buying them.”
Smiling wide, she grabbed them immediately. “You don’t even know how much I adore waffles. My Dad used to make them all the time for me. He made them just how I liked it. Whip cream, chocolate chips, and a few cherries.”
“What? That sounds really w—”
“Yeah, it’s weird all right,” she interjected. “But I’m weird.”
“Nah,” he replied, turning her around to face him. “You’re my kind of weird.”
Just then, Johnny walked in. He coughed at the sight. “Oh, uh, am I interrupting anything?”
“You said that last time.”
“OK, sorry. I’m starving.”
“Go to town,” Ryan motioned.
In a jiffy, Johnny had zoomed around them and poured himself cereal for breakfast, completing the meal with a glass of orange juice. “I’m never going to get used to that,” Ryan said, blinking thrice.
Once the couple had picked a meal, they sat at the same table. Ryan ate cereal and Rose selected the waffles, cooking them as best she could remember. 
“So, I’ve been thinking,” Johnny started. “It’s time to begin searching. It’s been two weeks. We’re in the swing now, I think.”
Chewing, Ryan nodded. “OK,” he garbled.
Confused, Johnny replied, “That’s it? Just ‘OK’?”
“What am I supposed to say?”
“When do we start?” Rose questioned.
“Well Jane is working again today, and I’m going to surprise her,” he said, a mischievous smile creeping across his face. 
“Hold up,” Ryan replied. “What bombastic idea do you have now, Clark? Let me just hear it so I can approve.”
“Uh, no. It’s a secret, doofus.”

* * *

A few hours passed, and the day threatened to get away from him. Johnny sat everyone down at a round table, in the midst of the computers, televisions, and other technology around the main cortex of the HQ. “Today, we’re beginning the search for the man who calls himself Z. Titan said he would come. Sonovan said for us to never relent from finding where evil lies and destroying it. So that is what we’re going to do.”
“Al-All right, what does he look like?” Kevin asked. 
“White mask, wears a jacket, and is unmistakable,” Sam replied. 
“Yeah, he’s basically wherever someone shouldn’t be,” Johnny agreed. 
“And he’s quite tall,” Sam said.
“Got it. W-Well that’s a s-start. I will begin b-by hacking some s-security feeds near the places you had encountered h-him previously.”
“You can do that?” 
“Oh yeah. E-Easy p-peasy lemon s-squeezy.”
“Wow, I underestimated you,” replied Ryan, raising his eyebrows. “You are smart.”
“I told you that the first time, Rocky,” Rose replied, a twinkle in her eye.
Ryan smirked, relaxing into his chair. “Oh yeah! I love that name. My new codename, by the way.”
Sam shook his head and rolled his eyes. “And I’m Mr. Freeze,” he said sarcastically.
“Did J-Jane already leave?” Kevin asked.
“Yeah. She’ll be back later.”
“What is it with her?” Sam wondered audibly. “Why does she insist on working?”
Johnny sprang to her defense. “I don’t know. If she likes it, I’m all for it. She needs an escape, as do we all. Cricket is hers.” The table went dead silent. “What?”
“Nothing,” Sam replied, shaking his head. “It’s nothing. Just get it over with and spare me the bullshit.”
Johnny frowned. “Whatever. All right, so in closing, we start today. Z will be found.”

* * *

Later that day, Johnny opened the gigantic back door and jumped onto the track. In one motion, he was gone. He was sure to be cautious, as one misstep would send him flying into something unbreakable. The darkness and walls were but a blur as he raced through the abandoned terrain into that which was not. When he stopped running, he was outside the Cricket Wireless store. Adjacent to it was the alley where it all began. Slightly curious, Johnny stepped into the smelly, dirty passageway. 
He walked down the alley to the back wall, turning to his right to see if there was anything dubious. In front of him lay a door, which he assumed would be locked, but he tried the handle anyway. To his surprise, it actually opened, revealing a small room lit by a dim blue light on the ceiling corner. 
Searching around the tiny chamber, he found nothing except for a pair of broken sunglasses on the floor. Under the blue light, he inspected them in bewilderment. Though clearly not exactly the same, the sunglasses bore a resemblance to a pair his mother had given him in a Christmas stocking when he was ten. Though he had broken them after three years of usage, these dredged up the memory.

* * *

“Here, son, this is yours,” said Irene, pointing to a stocking with the scripted word “Johnny” inscribed on it. Rushing over, ten-year-old Johnny Sparks brought over a step-stool to reach the stocking. Closing his eyes, he placed his hands inside, rummaging through it. He liked to feel the full surprise when he opened his eyes. His tongue stuck out in excitement.
When his fingers grasped something out of the ordinary, he hastily yanked the mysterious present out of the stocking. In his hands, he held a small pair of sunglasses, with white frames and blue lenses. In a moment, he had placed them over his eyes and took in the effect on his surroundings. “I love them! I love them!” he shouted in delight. 
Running to his mother he embraced her with open arms. “Now I can look so cool!” he added, looking up at her. “Sam won’t be the cool guy anymore!” 
“Now you are very cool. Cooler than anyone in New York!”

* * *

He slouched to the floor, forlorn. Why did it have to be him? Why was he thrown into this mess? Why? Why did Titan take her? 
Equilibrium. Revenge for what he had done to sever the connection between Rose and Titan’s mind. Burying his head in his hands, he cried there for a short time. But then something else popped into his thoughts. Another memory. As the tears dried on his cheeks, he glanced upward towards the blue light and furrowed his brow. He rubbed his eyes with the sleeve of his jacket to get a better look. He had been here before. This place reminded him of something, but he couldn't quite place it.
Johnny backtracked to when he and the others were in the midst of their psychic battle with Titan. That conjured up enough of the memory. 
What in the hell? 
This room closely resembled the one he had been punched into during that nightmare of a conflict. But... what had been the purpose? He had not even ventured here yet. 
Then, out of the plethora of different thoughts competing for dominance, something steamrolled to the forefront of his mind. He had nearly forgotten the words. The team had not mentioned it either, and when he brought it up, not one had recollected. Had Titan made them forget? 
Your victory is yours, but your humanity? That’s mine. 
Those words. What was it in those words? How could he win, but lose his humanity? It didn’t make sense. Johnny mulled it over for the next ten minutes. What the hell was he even trying to say?  Though Dustin and his mother’s deaths had easily been the most traumatic events of his life, he couldn’t help but feel something else happened. Something he was missing. 
He hated to leave things unresolved. Nevertheless, he slid the broken sunglasses into his pocket and walked out, leaving the door open just a crack.
Jane had been at work for nearly three hours. A figure walked into the small store, setting off the bell. He was dressed in a Cricket Wireless uniform, and her jaw dropped. “Johnny?!” she shrieked.
Smiling wide, he sauntered over to her, giving a brief hug. “What are you doing here? And what’s that outfit for?” she asked, smiling wide.
“I’m working here. Well, at least for a bit.”
Her eyes widened in delight. “Really?!”
“Yes, really.”
“Oh my gosh! Yes!” she exclaimed. Customers whipped around to see what the fuss was all about. “Oh, sorry. My bad.”
“So, uh, how about we get started?” 
“Let me show you the ropes, superhero.”
Johnny grinned.

* * *

Once Johnny had completed his first day of work, he and Jane left together for the Headquarters several miles away. 
“How’d I do?” he asked, very interested in her personal opinion.
“Really good,” she replied, beaming from ear to ear. “You still have a way to go, but I’m sure you can handle customer service.” Johnny laughed and looked at her—her dimples were notably more obvious. 
Gulping, Johnny mustered the will to ask the paramount question he doubted he could ask. He’d dated many different girls, but for some reason this type of conversation with Jane Cooper was more daunting than speaking with Titan himself. “Uh, w-would you like to, uh, go on a date? You don’t have to! Just putting it out there...”
Jane’s looked shocked. A full minute passed before she had the courage to respond. “Oh! I-I... I don’t know what to say.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re the first person to ever ask.”
“What? How? That’s impossible. Just look at you!” He had not meant to say the last sentence, but it blurted out.
Her eyes twinkled as she blushed. “On that note, where shall we go?” 
Smiling, Johnny took her hand in his and they strode off, wandering through the heart of Manhattan. “Wherever you would like,” he responded. 
“Let’s see where the walk takes us, then,” she replied. “Maybe we can imagine we’re normal again.”
Barely thirty seconds into their peaceful stroll, they passed the alley adjacent to the Cricket store. The fledgling couple stopped to look. “That’s where it all started,” Jane said.
“Yeah, and this is where it all begins,” he replied, and, as if the moment had been planned, he turned her toward him. His eyes gazed into hers as they shone happily. He was ready—finally. He closed the distance between them as she stood on her tip-toes. And there, like how he imagined Sonovan and Aiko once did, he kissed her. She shivered as he summoned all of the skills he had learned from previous hopeful-turned-rotten dates. But this felt different. It felt like destiny. His lips moved in perfect sync with hers. Reluctantly, he pulled away. Was he dreaming? 
Thank God he wasn’t. She fell back onto her heels. “That was amazing,” she said, looking like someone had stunned her with a blaster. 
“I agree,” he responded, not tearing his gaze away. It felt like time had stopped; that the snow-crested, bustling city streets filled with people, the music of cars and taxis all faded. They both kept quiet for a bit as they continued their stroll; taking in the scene, sounds, and wonderfully crisp temperatures. Then Johnny broke the silence. 
“You know, walking through these streets, I keep thinking, how did we ever survive all that?” Johnny said. “Sometimes I feel like I am in many different places at once. Herook, Nexon, Titan’s ship.”
“I know the feeling,” she replied, nodding thoughtfully. “It’s crazy. And we’re walking by people who could never know what we’ve been through.”
“And that’s the point. A hero can be anyone.”
“You're right,” she responded, grinning. He smiled back, thankful he had made sense for once.
“Defeating Titan, saving Sonovan Lung, and freeing the Shadowverse and us from his tyranny was only the beginning. You know, I think our best days are ahead of us.” Jane nodded once more and held his hand tightly. 
Unbeknownst to them, someone had been watching and listening intently from the infamous alley. Leaning against the wall, Z unhinged the scribbled white mask from his face for the first time, freeing his angel-white hair. “Oh, you have no idea,” Z said to their distant forms. “Yes, they are.” With those words, he zoomed away like a rocket, running toward a future no one could predict.



THE SHADOWFORCE WILL RETURN





The Heroes

Johnny Sparks

Johnny Sparks is a 21-year-old college student living in New York. He is six feet tall, with medium-long, dirty-blonde hair and blue eyes. His best friends are Ryan Slade, Dustin Jones, and Sam Jones, and he met them at a martial arts school when he was young. Currently, he works at that same studio and is a second-degree black belt. After the Encounter, Johnny receives the power of super speed.

Ryan Slade

The brute of the team, Ryan Slade is 22 years of age, living in New York. He is of firm and large build; standing just over six feet five inches. He likes short hair, and is nearly bald except for a very thin crew cut. Alongside Johnny Sparks and the brothers Sam and Dustin Jones, he works at a martial arts studio, where he acquired a third-degree black belt in Taekwondo and Hapkido. Currently, he and his mother live together, since his father died. After the Encounter, Ryan acquires the ability of matter absorption. 

Dustin Jones

As funny as he is deep, Dustin Jones is twenty years old. He lives in New York, with his brother, in an apartment. Standing just under six feet, Dustin Jones has a thinner build, with light brown eyes and long brown hair that reaches his ears. Considered the comedian of the group, his brother tries to keep up with his quick wit. Alongside Johnny Sparks, he is a second-degree black belt, as is his brother. After the Encounter, he acquired the gift of air and wind control.

Sam Jones

The continually fresh and well-dressed member of the group, Sam keeps cool most of the time. He lives in New York in an apartment with his brother Dustin, and has dark brown eyes and hair. A funny man himself, he tries to emulate the liveliness of his brother. He stands just under six feet, and has a second-degree black belt in Taekwondo. After the Encounter, Sam acquired ice powers. He and his brother are both twenty-two.

Jane Cooper

After her parents died in a mysterious car accident, 21-year-old Jane Cooper was forced to live with her grandparents, who took her in as their own. Her grandmother died one year ago and her grandfather six months prior. She tries to hide her pain, and is very shy of other people. Average-sized, she is five feet seven inches tall, with chestnut colored hair and clear brown eyes. Her powers have been with her since she was a teenager—telekinesis. 

Rose Johnson

As fiery as her hair, 22-year-old Rose Johnson was taken in by a single man when she was only an infant. Being an alien from the planet Xalen, she has innate fire abilities, which account for her reddish eyes and tall frame; standing at six feet. Her father, Ta-Vir, and mother, Kira, sent her to Earth after their planet was invaded by the Titan.

Sonovan Lung

After coming in contact with a mysterious anomaly, Sonovan Lung became a being of pure Ooris. He is nearly one thousand years old, having been a samurai in Japan. After he and three others—Venarian, Zydok, and Orslon—defeated Titan a millennium prior, he returned to Earth victorious. Five hundred years later, though, Titan was resurrected by someone called Solis, Titan’s new second-in-command. After Titan killed everyone he loved, Sonovan was exiled to live in destitution and regret wherever he set foot across the universe. Sonovan is a virtuous, albeit powerful, foe; standing six feet four inches, with large arms and a strength unparalleled by anyone except the Titan. The pure Ooris running through his veins grants him the full power of the Shadowverse incarnate. 



The Villains

Solis

Titan’s current second-in-command, known as his Voir. Of unknown origin, Solis’s real name is unspecified, and his face is as well - always hidden under an impervious helmet and armor. Solis resurrected the former ruler of the Tetra, Titan, Sonovan Lung’s nemesis.

Titan

A being of pure Ooris, the same as Sonovan Lung, Titan wields incredible power, now owning the abilities of telepathy and telekinesis, as well as the power of Ooris. His origins are unknown, though he is thought to have been borne from a species pure in Ooris. Standing over nine feet tall, the crimson-eyed Titan is massive, with dark blue armor surrounding his body and one or two wires attaching to the back of his head. Lord over his armies, Titan controls two dozen planets across the galaxy, and his motives are clear. He believes the creator of the omniverse has placed the burden on him to bring justice and end free will across the universe, aptly calling it his “Justification."




The Unknown

Z

A mysterious individual, Z goes by no other alias. His known power is super speed, but it is possible he has amassed others. He stands over six feet tall and never goes anywhere except with a white mask and jacket. Aiding the heroes at several different points in time, he was also responsible for bestowing their powers upon them. Currently unknown and a possible threat, Johnny Sparks will not rest until this masked individual is brought to the light.





























About the Author
John-Clement Gallo is a 18-year-old Christian author of The Shadowverse saga. He enjoys astronomy, astrophysics, ambient music, and ice hockey, while also a trumpet player. While living in Houston, Texas, he was the youngest person (11) to become a licensed RC pilot. On the other hand, he is ranked a black belt in Taekwondo and Hapkido, though he is very unassuming and tends to keep that accomplishment a cool secret. Currently, he lives in Orlando, Florida with his family, trying to outlive the constant heat.













Conclusion


Thank you for downloading this book and reading to the end! 

I hope you enjoyed the journey, but most of all, I hope the lessons and themes of destiny, will, and courage resonate with you. 

As of now, I am working on the next book in the series, Vengeance, as well as a prequel for this book, which will be titled The Legend of Sonovan Lung. It will be Sonovan Lung’s background story; telling the beginning of his rivalry with Titan, and the formation of The Shadows. Can’t wait to get started!

Still, I ask one favor. If you either liked or disliked this book, would you please leave a review? No matter the kind, reviews help me since I am only 17 and quite new to writing books. 

Much thanks if you do leave a review and, while you’re at it, do follow my personal site. There, you can join my email list and group, called The Shadows (obviously). You can be kept up to date with how the upcoming installments are going, receive inspirational quotes and music, but, most importantly, you have an opportunity to provide feedback on possible storylines in the sequels and prequel to come! I hope you come along for the ride. Sign up below:

https://shadowversejc.com/

Thank you, and remember…

You are children of the light, children of the Shadowverse.

–Sonovan Lung



The Shadowverse: The Legend of Sonovan Lung
The Shadowverse
The Shadowverse: Vengeance
Children of the Shadowverse
