


Published by Adam Gaffen
This Edition, Copyright © 2022 by Adam Gaffen
Cover Art © Emily’s World of Design
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the author.
All Rights Reserved.
The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.
For more about the author, future works, and events please visit:
https://www.cassidychronicles.com

Portions of this work have been previously published. Run Like Hell (Cassidy Chronicles 1), ©2012, Adam Gaffen. A Deadly Quest (Cassidy Chronicles 2), ©2012, Adam Gaffen.





Also by this author:
Run Like Hell (Cassidy Chronicles Book 1)
A Deadly Quest (Cassidy Chronicles Book 2)
A Desperate Gambit (Cassidy Chronicles Book 3) 
The Road to the Stars (The Cassidy Chronicles, Volume 2)
The Measure of Humanity (The Cassidy Chronicles, Volume 3)
A Quiet Revolution (The Cassidy Chronicles, Volume 4)
Triumph’s Ashes (The Cassidy Chronicles, Volume 5)
Memories of Aiyana (by Kendra Cassidy)
Into the Black (Tales from the Cassidyverse 1) (forthcoming)
The Ghosts of Tantor (The Missions of the TFS Pike) (forthcoming)
Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Missing Date
Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Viscount’s Butler
Who Watches the Watchers?
Refuge
The Longest Night





Table of Contents
 
North America: Things You Ought to Know
Book 1: Run Like Hell
Chapter 1: The Wedding
Chapter 2: Meet the Family
Chapter 3:Take the Money and Run
Chapter 4: Quick Change Artists
Chapter 5: You Call That A Shirt?
Chapter 6: Sin City
Chapter 7: A Terminal Experience
Chapter 8: Whispers in the Dark
Chapter 9:Off to See the Wizard
Chapter 10: Where the Sidewalk Ends
Chapter 11: Pardon Me, Do You Do Weddings?
Chapter 12: Hope You Guessed My Name
Chapter 13: NEVER Play the Slots in Vegas!
Chapter 14: Handyman’s Special
Chapter 15: Hobbit Hole
Chapter 16: A Little More Than Meets the Eye
Chapter 17: Lies, Damn Lies, and Reporters
Chapter 18: Reach Out and Touch Someone
Chapter 19: Unexpected Visitors
Chapter 20: You Want What?
Chapter 21: I Hate Paperwork
Chapter 22: I’m Pretty Sure They’re Not Selling Cookies
Chapter 23: Do You Have It in Orange?
Chapter 24: On the Road Again
Chapter 25: Traveler’s Advisory in Effect
Chapter 26: Traffic Sucks
Chapter 27: I Promise I Won’t Speed
Chapter 28: So, You Think You Can Drive
Chapter 29: On to New Orleans
Book 2: A Deadly Quest
Chapter 1: Welcome to New Orleans
Chapter 2: Please Don’t Feed the Animals
Chapter 3: Please Have Your Papers Ready
Chapter 4: Come into My Parlor...
Chapter 5: Loose Lips Sink Ships
Chapter 6: Plans
Chapter 7: Just A Few Words Before I Go
Chapter 8: Where to Now?
Chapter 9: You Talk Too Much
Chapter 10: A Three-Hour Tour
Chapter 11: Keep the Beat
Chapter 12: Check Your Seat for All Personal Possessions
Chapter 13: Chinese Ideogram for Trouble
Chapter 14: Not Another Boat!
Chapter 15: Electrons in the Night
Chapter 16: This Doesn’t Look Right
Chapter 17: Beware of Greeks...
Chapter 18: Wings West
Chapter 19: Out the Front Door
Chapter 20: Into the Lion’s Den
Chapter 21: Hit the Road Jack
Chapter 22: Your Audience Awaits
Chapter 23: Who Am I Again?
Chapter 24: Now What?
Book 3: A Desperate Gambit
Chapter 1: I Get By
Chapter 2: With A Little Help
Chapter 3: From My Friends
Chapter 4: The Bitch Is Back
Chapter 5: House of the Rising Sun
Chapter 6: Your Lying Eyes
Chapter 7: The Long Run
Chapter 8: Get the Party Started
Chapter 9: Missundaztood
Chapter 10: Shadows of the Night
Chapter 11: Dirty Work
Chapter 12: Daughters of Darkness
Chapter 13: Sympathy for the Devil
Chapter 14: Girls Are Back in Town
Chapter 15: I Like it Heavy
Chapter 16: Don’t Threaten Me with a Good Time
Chapter 17: This is Our House
Chapter 18: A Little South of Sanity
Chapter 19: I Hear You Knocking
Chapter 20: But You Can’t Come In
Chapter 21: It’s Not You
Chapter 22: Uncomfortable
Chapter 23: Leave It
Chapter 24: Dr. Heckyl and Mr. Jive
Chapter 25: You Call Me a Bitch Like It’s a Bad Thing
Chapter 26: The Reckoning
Chapter 27: Bad Girls World
Chapter 28: A Dirty Job
Chapter 29: Better Sorry than Safe
Chapter 30: If I Were A Rich Girl
Chapter 31: Bet U Wish U Had Me Back
Epilogue: New Modern Love
Afterword



North America: Things You Ought to Know

This is the country that Cass and Ken know in 2113 – a fractured remnant. The Great Schism of 2021 began the disintegration of the United States. Some of the separations were peaceful, others not. Travel between the newly-minted countries varies widely, usually reflecting the separation process. 
National and state boundaries have been unchanged since the Wet Firecracker War of 2093.
In terms of military power, the United States still holds a slim edge over the Northern Imperium and the New Confederacy, enough to keep an unstable peace. Economically, the California Confederacy and the Republic of Texas are nearly level, with the Northern Imperium and the Empire of New York usually battling for third. Due to its lax regulatory structure, Las Vegas Free State is fifth, while the People’s Republic of Massachusetts and the Sonoran Republic are sixth and seventh. The list is rounded out by the United States, New Confederacy, the Kingdom of Hawa’ii, and Big Sky Lands.
Currencies are Credits in the Sonoran Republic, Daleys in the Northern Imperium, Bruins in the California Confederacy, Production Economic Units in the People’s Republic of Massachusetts, Cuomos in the Empire of New York, and Dollars everywhere else.

National Dates of Independence
 DATE        EVENT               MAJOR EVENTS & NATIONS INVOLVED
2021
The Schism
Declarations of Independence by the New England Collective (MA, ME, NH, VT, RI, CT), Empire of New York (NY), and California Confederacy (CA)
2036
War of Texan Freedom
Reestablishment of the Republic of Texas and incorporation of Oklahoma into RoT (TX, OK v. United States)
2040
War of Independence
Declaration of Independence for Northern Imperium (IL, MI) and conquest of Wisconsin & Minnesota in subsequent war (NI v. United States)
2053
Glorious Revolution
Internal Conflict, New England Collective. United States intervention resulted in the establishment of the People’s Republic of Massachusetts and return of other states to the union as the United States New England Territories (MA V. ME, NH, VT, RI, CT, United States)
2061-2063
Second American Civil War
Declaration of New Confederacy (VA, NC, SC, GA, FL, AL, MI, TN, KY, AK, LA) and subsequent war v. United States. Eventual peace settlement establishes NewC (GA, FL, AL, MI, AK, LA, TN, KY)
2072-2077
Green Wars
Continuous low-level conflict across the continent and nations, pitting advocates of environmental causes against others. PRM and CC were suspected of provocation, but nothing was proven. Creation of Big Sky Lands by treaty (KS, NE, SD, ND, MT, WY, ID). Creation of Sonoran Republic by treaty (NM, AZ). Creation of Kingdom of Hawa’ii by treaty (HI).
2078
Nameless War
NewC attempted to wrest LA & AK from the United States, which resulted in war between US, NewC, RoT. Ended by establishing Border States as the neutral territory between countries (AK, LA), governed by none.
2093
Wet Firecracker War
The war between the United States and the CC over the fate of Las Vegas. Despite the declaration of war, no actual fighting ever occurred as Las Vegas was too vital to both sides' economic interests. Ended with the establishment of the Las Vegas Free State.






Chapter 1: The Wedding

Her wedding day was perfect.
The late summer day was warm and bright that afternoon. It should have been; they’d paid enough to Weather Control to get it just the way they wanted. 
Guests had been gathering for hours. Their families and friends enjoyed the pre-wedding party, trading stories until the minister had gently shooed them outside. The ritual Exchange of the Prenups had been done, duly witnessed and countersigned. Then it was her time.
In later years, she never remembered the wait or the walk to the altar. To her, it seemed instantaneous, a jump from the hall's interior into the sunshine, standing with the bouquet in hand.
Other details she would never forget. Her maid of honor’s dress kept slipping, causing her to constantly readjust it, fiddling with the strap and supports as unobtrusively as possible. The old-fashioned tuxedo her groom wore, complete with vest, tails dangling behind. Her mother’s quiet pride. Her father’s attempts, ultimately futile, to hold back tears. The only intrusion of the outside world was the bright flare of the launch, distant and silent, of the latest shipment of supplies for the construction yards high in orbit. There was even comic relief, a squirrel perched in a tree, watching the proceedings and chittering his protests at the unwarranted intrusion into his space.
At last, everyone was in their place. The day, the hour, was at hand.
When the minister lifted his hand from beneath his tunic and showed the flechette gun, she grabbed her bride and groom’s hands and ran like hell.
Chapter 2: Meet the Family

Her name was Aiyana Cassidy, and she was thirty-two years old. 
She was half Irish and half Native American, and her name meant “Eternal Bloom,” though everyone called her Cass. Tall, at 190 centimeters, and slim, she had auburn hair that trailed down her back when it wasn’t pinned up for work. Her long, tanned legs led up to a womanly figure, and she had attracted more than her fair share of suitors over the years. But it was her eyes that were her most memorable feature: pale, ice-blue eyes that seemed to gaze deep into the soul of anyone she talked to. 
She’d grown up in a small town in northern Minnesota, part of the Northern Imperium. She thought her childhood was uneventful, though outside observers might have disagreed. Science fair winner in sixth grade for her design of a hypersonic transport, she’d always shown a flair for design and engineering. It wasn’t a surprise when she announced that political differences be damned, she would attend MIT.
“There’s no way I’m paying for my daughter to go to school in the People’s Republic of Massachusetts!” declared her mother that night.
“Fine! Don’t pay; they’ve offered me a scholarship!” retorted the teenager.
“But you’re going to be so far away!” protested her father. “And we can’t get visas to travel outside the country, at least not to the PRM!” 
The Northern Imperium had been ruled by the Daley dynasty since its establishment in 2040. Periodically, protests for a more democratic form of government would arise. The Imperial Internal Affairs Bureau would infiltrate the demonstrations, gather the names and vital information, then systematically follow them for the rest of their lives. Their youthful misdeeds would be used to suppress further “disloyalty.” Both her parents were snared in the IAB’s net and discovered their freedom to travel had been severely curtailed. Their planned honeymoon to the Confederate States was derailed when their visas were denied. They were listed in the IAB’s database as “potential domestic terrorists” and couldn’t get permission to leave.
“I can,” she said simply, in the cruel, unthinking way perfected by teenagers from time immemorial. “Besides, who said I wanted you to visit?”
Things degenerated from there, and she ended up spending the night, and the rest of the school year, at her best friend’s house. Kendra Foster-Briggs was thrilled to have her stay. 
“I’m going west. You’re going east. We’ll make our last summer together one to remember!”
Seven years at MIT earned her a Master’s in Quantum Mechanics and a Doctorate in Optical Engineering. The Heavy Lift Corporation sponsored her internship, with a job promised on graduation, to help design the next generation of Photonic Laser Thrusters (PLT). Within days of the successful defense of her doctoral thesis, she moved to New Mexico and the Los Alamos laboratories. Within months she had validated the faith HLC had in her and was given her own research team, budget, and allowed the freedom to work as she pleased. 
Higher-efficiency optics were a priority, allowing HLC to throw larger payloads for lower costs. Aiyana tinkered with high-energy physics as well. She had examined the problem in her thesis: if the power from the lasers penetrated the atmosphere more efficiently, or skipped the atmosphere altogether, then larger payloads, larger ships, were possible. If more materials were put into orbit, proper deep space exploration ships could be built. She threw herself into her work.
Her professional life flourished, but her personal life floundered. There was one near-miss, a failed engagement while at MIT, but little since. There simply wasn’t time, with her assigned work, her side projects, and the classes she taught by remote. Until she forced herself to take an entire night off. A new movie was opening, and the system premiere was, for some reason, in Los Alamos.
Her interest was simple: her old friend Kendra starred in the movie. More surprising, Kendra was why the premiere was in Los Alamos. Unbeknownst to Aiyana, Kendra had made the metro area her home. Aiyana thought about her best friend and first love on her way to the theatre.
Kendra had skipped college entirely, going directly to the San Fernando Valley and getting into the sensies. She was shorter than Aiyana by several centimeters. Kendra was blonde by birth, preferred pixie cuts, had sea-green eyes, and was fuller across the hips and bust than Aiyana. From her earliest years, she’d loved the pop culture of the twentieth century, throwing herself into the “television” programs and “movies” of the era. In many ways, they were substitutes for the family life she missed. She would often speak to Aiyana longingly of what she called “ohana,” her perception of a loving family. 
Kendra had been entranced by the sensie industry for years, ever since seeing the classic “Behind the Green Door.”She’d started her own home-based production company as soon as she hit the legal age of eighteen. Now, several years later, she had made enough money and invested wisely enough to be selective in her roles. Rare was her on-screen performance, and rarer still a public appearance. 
She had purchased a large spread near the Jemez Mountain Trail, fifty klicks west of Los Alamos. The remote location was her attempt to ensure privacy, as much as was possible in an era of constant passive surveillance. When her studio wanted her to appear for a premiere, she had the clout to ensure that the event took place near her new home. That led to the encounter with Aiyana. 
As if they’d never been apart, they were again inseparable, laughing and talking, staying out late and picking up where they’d left off before college. Their romantic relationship quickly re-blossomed. Soon, Aiyana was more likely to telecommute to work, supervising her team through a holographic avatar and spending most of her time with Kendra at their home.
Derek James surprised them both. He was the heir to a sizeable, some might say outrageous, estate. Derek never actually talked about his holdings, but money had never been an issue, no matter the scale, and he’d never needed to work. Ten years older than either woman, he’d spent his life indulging in whatever struck his fancy. He collected antique internal combustion machines, explored the coral reefs around the nation of Hawa’ii, and spent weeks on end in orbit observing cloud formations. He’d divorced his husband of six years over a disagreement about children. Derek wanted them and was willing to have a fetus artificially implanted in a ManWomb ™. Mark wouldn’t agree to provide any genetic material. Since Derek’s first wife, Amelie, had died before they could have children, he felt strongly enough about it to end the marriage.
Derek drifted south to the Mishizaki Artist’s Retreat. For the first time, he’d buried himself in a single occupation, and the results were extraordinary. His light sculptures were featured at several local galleries, and this is where he met Aiyana. She’d initially come out of professional interest in the mechanics but was soon entranced by their subtle plays of colors. Initial, dry conversations soon turned personal. Then came a few casual dates, followed by a deepening connection, and finally, Aiyana brought him home to meet Kendra. It was the most nerve-wracking day of her life.
She and Kendra weren’t exclusive. Aiyana was demisexual and needed a deep emotional connection before committing to a physical relationship. Kendra, by contrast, was pansexual. Both were cautiously polyamorous: they preferred to be in a monoamorous relationship but were open to bringing in others. Since rekindling their relationship, this was the first time either considered bringing someone else in permanently. The last time Aiyana had felt this nervous was the night before her doctoral defense.
To her great relief, Kendra had accepted Derek readily. Although he didn’t officially move out of Mishizaki, most of his belongings were at the ranch in short order. Kendra gave him an entire wing of the sprawling house for his studio and a gallery, which soon became a focal point of the local art community.
This idyllic arrangement continued for several months until Aiyana gathered her courage. On a cool ShakesDay evening in 2113, she made dinner for her two loves, an unusual event in itself. Then, getting on her knees, she asked both to marry her. To her joy, they both accepted instantly.
The wedding was planned, the invitations sent out, the guests invited. Vacations were arranged, honeymoon booked, paperwork completed.
So why did Reverend Farrell try to kill them?

Chapter 3: Take the Money and Run

“What the hell is going on?” panted Derek.
“Cass?”
Aiyana was still dragging them away, pumps long since lost. The replica Cadillac convertible, their intended ride after the wedding, was forgotten. Forgotten, too, was the pandemonium they had created sprinting down the aisle and out of the hall. She remembered the whine of the flechettes, the staccato “thip” as they buried themselves in the ceiling and walls, the screams of terror torn from the throats of her family, friends, co-workers. She didn’t have a destination in mind, but her feet seemed to know where they wanted to go. She was willing to go with that for now.
“I don’t know!” she snapped. “You saw the gun!”
“What gun?” said Kendra.
That stopped her. They were about three blocks from the hall, headed into the center of town. Aiyana pulled them between two buildings.
“Farrell. He had a flechette gun. You saw it! I heard it!”
“I didn’t see a gun,” said Kendra. “I was looking at you. Your eyes got real wide, then you grasped my hand and ran! I followed you!”
“What’s this about a gun?” asked Derek.
“Neither of you saw it?” asked Cass. They shook their heads, almost in unison.
She couldn’t believe it. She knew she saw a gun where there shouldn’t be one. She knew it! And she was sure that Farrell used it, though none too well. So why were the other two being so oblivious?
Kendra spoke first. “Cass, I believe you, so we’ve got to get out of here. Somewhere safe.”
“Back to the ranch?” said Cass.
Kendra shook her head firmly. “No. That’s the first place they’ll look.”
“The studio?” suggested Derek.
Another shake. “Not there, either.” She was flagging down a taxi as she spoke.
“Then where?”
“Let’s get there first,” Kendra said cryptically. 
An older Shigumi sedan saw them and began slowing.
“No,” announced Derek.
“Yes!” insisted Kendra. “We have to get away –“
“Why?” Derek said, a stubborn set to his face.
The cab was stopped by them. The door raised slowly, an unspoken invitation to enter.
“The gun – didn’t you hear the yelling?” asked Cass.
He dismissed her with a wave. 
“And we didn’t cause a scene by running away?” He grinned lopsidedly. “If you wanted to elope, why couldn’t you pick a less dramatic gesture?” 
The joke fell flat.
“Oh, for Zeus’ sake! Will you get in the cab?” Kendra said, exasperated. The robot was waiting patiently by the curb, one door still open. “We can discuss this on the way!”
“On the way where? This is something I need to know.” Derek complained but bent and entered the vehicle, followed by Kendra and Cass.
“Tube station, quickly,” said Kendra as the cab started to move. “We only have a few minutes. How much cash do you have?”
“I left my bag at the wedding,” sniffed Cass, giving in to the shock of the past few minutes.
“Cash? I never carry cash,” said Derek. Kendra was disappointed, if not surprised. Most transactions were verified biometrically, with DNA “thumbprinting” and a retinal scan. You slid a finger into a sensor receptacle, where a minute sample of your DNA was extracted and verified. The same was done with the retinal image. If both matched, your transaction was processed. If not, your finger was captured in the receptacle’s pressor beam, and you awaited the arrival of authorities to straighten it out. Or you left the finger behind. Your choice.
The practical upshot was that cash was extinct for all intents and purposes. Oh, vendors and merchants still accepted it/ The Currency Laws of 2086 expressly required them to do so. Only oddballs, criminals, and black marketeers carried cash regularly.
“Shit!” cursed Kendra. She thought for a moment, then said, “Change destination.”
“New destination?” inquired the cab.
“Nearest bank.” The cab, connected at all times to the planetary network, instantly recalculated the route and smoothly changed direction.
“Bank?” said Derek.
“We need cash, and you have the most,” apologized Kendra.
“Oh, thank you very much!”
Cass sat back, watching her oldest friend take charge of the situation. It felt odd, given that she’d been the one to react first, but also somehow right. Kendra would make it work.
Chapter 4: Quick Change Artists

There was a minor at the bank. None of them had any means to pay for the taxi other than E-Deb.
Faced with the inevitable, Kendra used her account. It would put them on the grid, but they had no choice. They couldn’t exit the cab without paying. The robotic intelligence would simply seal the doors and wait until it received the proper sum. After long enough, the police would be summoned. Then, they’d be on the grid for sure. 
What if this madness wasn’t just Farrell? Kendra didn’t know, but she wasn’t willing to chance it.
The blue scanner light inspected her eye, and the sampling system hummed. Seconds later, though it felt like hours, the polite voice of the cab said, “Thank you,” and the doors unsealed. As one, they released breaths they didn’t realize they were holding.
“How much do you want?” asked Derek, walking towards the Los Alamos Credit Union.
Kendra thought. 
“We need new clothes, travel money, meal money….” Her voice trailed away, then she named a sum.
“Right. I’ll probably want a bag, then, to carry it.” He reached the door, held it open for them, frowned when Kendra held Cass back.
“We’ll wait out here,” she said.
Muttering, Derek entered.
“What was that about?” asked Cass, pulled aside by Kendra again. They were between the bank and a small antique shop, closed today. Kendra started pulling frills and bows off her dress. 
“Ken, hon, I don’t think this is the place for a quickie.” Cass surprised herself at the giggle in her words.
“It’s not for a quickie,” answered Kendra, smiling herself. “Wedding dresses are a little bit obvious, though, aren’t they?”
“Oh!” exclaimed Cass. She started peeling parts of her dress away too.
Kendra continued. “I sent Derek in alone so it wouldn’t be quite as obvious. With the amount of money he’s withdrawing, it’s better if he’s alone. I don’t want them thinking he’s being forced, or coerced, into getting that cash.” She finished removing the extra parts of her dress.
“Like we’d be much of a threat!” laughed Cass, gesturing at Kendra. She had a point.
The arms and skirt of the pale blue dress had disappeared, leaving only the Amazonian bustier and a pair of micro-shorts above her shoes. Unlike Cass, she’d managed to keep hers throughout the run; years of performing in heels made wearing them second nature. It was immediately evident to anyone looking that nothing larger or thicker than a single piece of paper could be concealed around her person.
Cass’s outfit offered even less concealment. Her dress wasn’t pieced together like Kendra’s, so it had to be shed in its entirety. Fortunately, she’d worn both bra and panties today, if a little more revealing and sheer than most. Those, and her garters and hose, were her entire outfit now. 
“I think you need to lose the hose,” suggested Kendra. She was right. The run hadn’t been kind to them, and Cass shrugged them off without another thought.
“We look like we’re ready for the beach,” said Cass.
“Too bad there isn’t one nearby,” replied Kendra. 
Cass asked, “What about Derek?”
“What about him?”
“Won’t he be overdressed?”
Kendra shook her head. “You think anyone will look at him with you on one arm and me on the other?”
Cass laughed. “No, I don’t suppose so!”
“Even if they do, they’ll just think he’s some rich guy who got lucky -”
“- which ain’t nothing but the truth!” finished Cass. Spirits thus buoyed, they reappeared around the building, just in time to see Derek emerge from the bank with a bulging sack.
“Over here!” called Cass as he looked around in confusion. Relief flooded his eyes.
“I thought for a second you’d taken off, that this was all a punking,” he admitted.
“It’s no punking, Derek. Something weird is going on.” 
Kendra looked at the bank-supplied bag. “We need something besides that,” she said, gesturing and holding out her hand. He dipped into it, removed a small stack of bills, and handed them to her.
“I’m going to get us a backpack. No, wait. Better yet, beach bags for Cass and me. And maybe something light to cover us. And shoes, too.”
“Shouldn’t we stick together?” said Cass. All she knew of this kind of thing was what she saw over the FicChans.
“You saw the gun. We didn’t. I don’t know why Farrell would have done that, but you said he did, and that’s enough for me. That means someone is hunting you. Derek, you have to look after her while I shop.” Derek paled at this. “Stay somewhere public, but not exposed.”
“What about there?” He pointed to a small café.
“That’ll do. I’ll meet you there in a few minutes.” Kendra strode across the street, ignoring the traffic.
“You ready?” he asked Cass.
“No. Let’s go.”
Chapter 5: You Call That A Shirt?

“Frak me.”
It was an Anachronist’s Café. This one, it seemed, was dedicated to reviving the surfer culture of the late twentieth century. The walls were painted in a Hawaiian pattern, in bright, contrasting, clashing colors. Antique and replica surfboards hung from the ceiling. An ancient-looking jukebox played classics by groups like the Beach Boys and Jan and Dean. Cass fit in reasonably well, if a bit fancier than the standard bikini. Derek, however, was seriously out of place.
“You look ridiculous,” she said.
“Oh, thank you, like I didn’t already know that,” snarked Derek. “Why’d we come in here, anyway?”
“Because Ken said to,” answered Cass. “Look, it’s just for a few minutes.” 
A young woman in a tight red swimsuit, carrying a server’s tray, came over to them.
“Like, dudette, you are so bitchin” hot, you know?” she said. “What a totally trippendicular look! Can I, like, get you anything to drink?”
“Can you repeat that in English?” muttered Derek.
“Shush!” remonstrated Cass. “What’s your favorite?”
“That’s easy, like, oh my God, it’s got to be the Spicoli!”
“Fine, two of them.” The waitress went away.
“We’ve got to do something about your appearance,” said Cass, returning to the original subject. “At least while we’re in here.”
“Fine.” Scowling, he took off the coat and pulled the tie away from the collar, unbuttoning the shirt halfway and untucking it. 
“Better?” he said as he hung the coat carefully on the back of his chair.
“I suppose that’s all we can do for now,” she admitted. 
“What’s going on?” demanded Derek. “Here we are, in a bar I wouldn’t be caught dead in, though maybe it appeals to you, waiting for Kendra to return so we can run off and hide from some lunatics who want, what?”
“I don’t know,” moaned Cass. She rested her head in her hands for a moment and closed her eyes, emotions whipsawing again.
“I don’t know,” she repeated. “I wonder if -” 
Whatever she was going to say was interrupted by the waitress's return.
“Two Spicolis.” She set the glasses down, a pale smoke spilling over the top and tumbling down the sides, and again gave Cass a searching look. 
“You are a tre betty. If you get tired of this gnarly dude, just look me up. My connect’s on the check.” She walked away with a wink.
“I – what – did she just hit on you? It’s your wedding day!” sputtered Derek.
“Yours, maybe. I just look like a beach girl, I guess,” answered Cass, picking up the drink and sipping. “Not bad.”
“Dammit, Cass, this isn’t a time to joke!”
“No, it’s the perfect time to joke,” she retorted. “Once Kendra returns, we can try to figure this out. For now, I think we should just lay low. That means, drink your drink.”
Making a face, Derek did so. 
“Pthah!” he spat. “How can you drink that?”
“Blending in, dude. Blending in.”
“I think you’ve blended enough already,” he muttered sourly, taking another tiny sip.
Fortunately for Derek’s self-image, it was only a few minutes before Kendra returned. 
“Shoes, wrap, bag,” she said, naming the items as she handed them to Cass. 
“Shorts, shirt, sandals,” she said to Derek. “Go change.” 
Without a word, he stood and stalked off.
“What’s up his ass?” asked Kendra, sliding into his seat and taking a pull at Derek’s drink.
Cass shrugged. “Waitress hit on me. He’s pissed.”
Ken laughed. 
“Is that all? Just shows she has good taste. Well, some, at least,” she admitted, looking around the décor. “Maybe not in her choice of employers, though.”
“He’s confused and worried, too,” continued Cass. “He asked me why this is happening, and I don’t know!” 
She felt Kendra’s arms encircle her and pull her close.
“I’m not sure either,” said Ken. “We just have to get somewhere safe, somewhere we can stop and figure this all out.”
“And where is that?”
“Well, I think -”
“I refuse to go out in this!”
Both women’s heads turned to stare at Derek. Cass couldn’t help it. She giggled.
“What did you do, raid a blind man’s closet?” he demanded. He had a point.
The shirt was bright, fluorescent orange, streaked with purple jags. The shorts, though sturdy denim, were dyed green. Topping it off, the sandals were yellow. And not just yellow or yellow, but YELLOW!
“It’s not easy, shopping for someone your size,” defended Kendra, smothering laughter. “Especially this late in the summer! I picked the best quality I could find, but the choices were awfully limited.”
She couldn’t resist any longer and the laughter tumbled out. “Oh, babe, I’m sorry, I didn’t think they’d look like that together!”
The women’s laughter broke through the foul temper, and a slow smile spread on his face. 
“At least nobody will be looking at you two. They’ll be blinded!” 
This set off another paroxysm of laughs, which he joined.

Chapter 6: Sin City

“We’re going where?” objected Derek.
They’d left the café and were walking down the street, arm-in-arms. 
“We have to plan, and we can’t do it inside a cab. Those things record everything; haven’t you ever seen Taxi Love?” Kendra referred to a popular channel that showed nothing but live shots of people having sex in taxis all over the world. “It goes in the memory, it goes on the grid, and whoever is doing this knows where we’re going.”
“They can hear us out here,” protested Cass.
“It’s much more difficult to track a moving conversation on a busy street than inside a vehicle,” Kendra rejoined. “Plus, we can change direction or stop walking whenever we want. Trust me, if they’ve locked onto us, this should throw them off for a while. They can’t be sure if we’re meeting someone, making a drop, or just waiting. They have to keep their distance and watch.”
“How do you know all this?” said Cass, but Kendra didn’t answer directly. “We’re going to Vegas,” she said instead, prompting Derek’s protest.
“Vegas,” she said in response. “We don’t need passports to get in. Once there, we can lose ourselves easily in the crowds until we change how we look. Then we can go to ground and see what we can find out. Besides, I have some contacts there from my days in the industry. In any case, we don’t have our passports. We couldn’t use them for travel without getting on the grid, even if we did. That leaves Vegas. The opposition will know this too, but they can’t be sure we don’t have passports. That gives us an advantage.”
“Vegas is dirty and dangerous! I won’t permit it!” insisted Derek.
“You won’t permit it?” Kendra’s tone was menacing as she stopped dead, halting the others. “Since when are you in charge? Do you think having a dick puts you there?”
“In case you didn’t notice, we didn’t get married. Remember?” added Cass, coming to her oldest friend’s defense.
“Dirty and dangerous is what we need right now,” resumed Kendra. “Or do you think we should go home and wait for the next wacko with a gun?”
“No, no,” he hastily retreated. “I’m not saying that! I just wonder if you thought this through?”
Cass thought it was time for a distraction. She took Derek’s face in her hands and kissed him thoroughly. “Babe, we can get married in Vegas. Tonight. If you still want to, that is,” she added, casting her eyes downward.
That did it. 
“Of course I do!” Derek exclaimed. He resumed walking.
“Dirty pool,” whispered Kendra.
“Seemed necessary,” shrugged Cass.
“You know we can’t get married in Vegas, not with our real names.”
Cass’s face reflected her knowledge. “But he doesn’t seem to realize that. And at least he’s moving.”
“True. And I’ll bet we can make him forget all about a wedding if we try.”
Cass giggled. “Probably.”
#
Los Alamos had an extensive public transportation network, and they were at a stop before long. The tram ride to the tube station was short and uneventful. They examined the departure times.
“Okay, this is gonna be risky, but we have to do it.” Kendra started them moving again.
“Do what?” asked Cass.
“We need to reproduce our passports. We can’t go back to the house and get them, but there’s a way to get duplicates at international terminals.”
“There is?” said Derek. Both women nodded in confirmation. Cass explained as Kendra continued to study the schedule. 
“Yes. Just before you get to Security, there’s a small office. For a pretty hefty fee, you can get a copy of your passport made on the spot. I had to do it, once, for a conference in Huntsville. It’s all based on biological markers. You know there’s no way yet to counterfeit DNA?” Derek nodded. “That’s why it’s used for the E-Deb system. This takes it one step further.”
“The only drawback, well, one of two, is that they’re clearly marked “For Temporary Use.” They expire in just a couple weeks,” added Kendra.
“What’s the other drawback?” asked Derek.
“It puts us on the grid,” Kendra said. “But I can put that to our advantage, I think. Come on, we need to get tickets for the fifteen-thirteen capsule.”
“That goes to Nashville,” said Cass. “Don’t you mean fifteen eighteen?”
“I know what I mean,” answered Kendra. “Watch.” Boldly she stepped up to the kiosk and spoke her order.
“Three, first-class. Destination Nashville.”
The machine chittered. 
“Nashville is outside the jurisdiction of the Sonoran Republic,” droned the programming. “Travelers are advised that passports or valid class B travel permits are required for reentry to the Republic. Do you wish to proceed?”
“Proceed,” Kendra answered with confidence.
“Two hundred eighty-six credits. Please place your hand in the slot.” To the others” surprise, she did so. “Payment confirmed. Enjoy your trip,” finished the pleasant, though artificial, contralto.
“I thought we weren’t supposed to be on the grid?” asked Derek.
“False trail,” she replied. “When we get the temporary passports, the goons will see that  Kendra Foster-Briggs just paid good money for three tickets. Most people will assume I won’t walk away from that. Watch me.” 
Fitting actions to words, she briskly walked toward the terminal. The passport system was just as she described it, and in a few minutes, they had the bright yellow temporary passports in their hands. Kendra led them back towards the ticket kiosks.
“Now you’re going to get the Vegas tickets?” Cass said, trailing behind.
“No,” Kendra disagreed. “That’s your job. You pay cash, and I stay away from the cameras.”
Hyperaware of the risks, Cass approached another bank of kiosks. Kendra gave her last bits of advice. 
“Don’t look at the sensors. Look anywhere else. Don’t hesitate, and don’t let it scan you.” Kendra gave her a quick kiss. “You’ll do great.” Then she stepped away.
“Three, Las Vegas Free State.”
“Class?” asked the machine.
“First,” amended Cass.
“Las Vegas Free State is outside the jurisdiction of the Sonoran Republic,” droned this programming, exactly like the first. “Travelers are advised that passports or valid class B travel permits are required for reentry to the Republic. Do you wish to proceed?”
“Uh,” Cass stammered, unsure. Then she remembered the plan, and after a quick glance at Kendra, she was reassured. Ken knew what she was doing. Ken would take care of her.
“Yes, proceed.”
This kiosk chittered and said, “Three hundred sixty credits. Please insert your hand in the slot.”
Cass shot a look at Kendra, mouthed, Now what? 
Kendra gave her a Go on motion, so Cass said, “I’m paying with cash.”
“Insert payment below.” A small drawer opened, illuminated from within. Cass dropped in four hundred-credit bills, and it retracted.
“Payment processing.” Louder chittering. “Please take your change and your tickets.”
The drawer popped open again. She scooped up the contents and walked away.
“We’re on our way!” she exulted, proud of herself.
“Won’t they think it odd we have no luggage?” suggested Derek.
“No,” said Kendra. “Lots of people take day hops to Vegas or go for a night or a show.”
“Remember?” prompted Cass. “We went last December?”
“Oh yeah. I tried to forget about that trip.” Derek had lost heavily in the casino that night. Losing what would be a year’s salary for most people wasn’t too painful for him, but it embarrassed him to fail at anything. “But we had a bag.”
“One,” clarified Kendra. “Today, we each have an oversized beach bag, and who knows what’s in them? People travel with less all the time.”
“If they even ask,” added Cass as they walked to their gate. The terminal was quiet for once. “It’s none of their business, anyway. If they get too nosy, I’ll -”
They never learned what she’d do, as a hand clamped down on her shoulder, and she jumped.

Chapter 7: A Terminal Experience

Cass was roughly spun around.
“Dr. Cassidy?” said an urbane voice. The speaker wasn’t attached to the hand. That individual was slightly shorter than Cass but much more muscular. His face was lined and darkened by years of Sonoran sun, with two deeply suspicious eyes and topped by lanky black hair. His clothes were clean but worn and ill-fitting as if they’d been selected for him. His grip on her shoulder was professional, impersonal.
Her eyes flicked to the voice. It came from a much younger-looking man, professionally dressed, his hands resting poised by his sides. It seemed to Cass that his respectable looks were a mask he wore, protective coloring, and no more. She could feel the menace radiating from him. She looked into his eyes and saw nothing.
When she didn’t reply, he repeated the question. 
“Dr. Aiyana Cassidy?” 
The grip on her shoulder tightened painfully.
“Yes!” she spat through gritted teeth.
“Good.” He turned to walk off, with his muscle pulling Cass along.
“Hey!” she protested. Nobody else was around to hear her. A bend in the corridor prevented any immediate rescue. Derek stood, dumbfounded.
Kendra wasn’t.
Silently she launched herself at the apparent leader. Her legs came up and wrapped around his torso, pinning his arms, while her arms went around his neck. They tumbled forward, unbalanced, and she wrenched his head sideways. A horrible grinding snap, and Cass knew his neck was broken.
In the moment of stunned silence, she grasped her captor’s shoulders and kneed him in the groin, even as he released her shoulder to assault Kendra. Instantly in agony, he dropped to his knees, clutching himself. Cass steadied herself, then kicked at his face, flat-footed. The ball of her heel shattered his nose and orbital bones, then drove into his skull another five centimeters. He fell backward, dead.
“Quick!” panted Ken, grabbing her target. “Help Cass drag that guy to the lockers!” 
When nothing happened, she looked up. “Derek!”
No response.
“Derek!” she snapped, louder.
He blinked then came back to life. “You killed him.”
“Damn right I did! Help Cass. Her guy’s bigger!”
He looked down at the other body. The unsubtle odors of released sphincters began to rise. “Cass?”
Dream-like, she had copied Kendra, tugging at the body. It outweighed her by a good fifty kilos, maybe more, and she was having problems. 
“Derek, I need you,” she pleaded. That got through to him, and he bent down with a grimace.
Still no observers, but it couldn’t last. Kendra propped hers in front of a large pair of lockers. She used his cooling hand and still-open eye to pay for them. Then she patted him down, removing a wallet, commpad, and ceramic knife. 
Cass did the same to her assailant, finding another wallet and an old-fashioned leather sap.
“Stuff “em in,” ordered Kendra, suiting actions to words. Her body, smaller, folded quickly into the confined space, and she closed the door. Derek and Cass struggled with the other while Ken searched the wallets.
“Huh,” she said after emptying the first. “Four IDs, all different names. Dale Arnold, David Asimov, Dan Andrews, and Douglas Archibald. Not very imaginative.” 
She wiped the now-empty billfold before tossing it into the crowded locker, then checked into the other. “No ID at all in this one. With any luck, nobody’ll miss them for a while,” she said, adding that wallet to the first. She pushed the door shut.
“Come on. We’ve only got about ten minutes until our capsule.”
“How can you be so calm?” asked Cass. “You – we – killed them!”
“You think we had a choice?” rejoined Kendra. “You have any doubt that, wherever they were gonna take us, it was gonna be bad?”
“No, but -”
“No “buts,” sweetie. It was them, or us. I choose us.”
Belatedly they noticed that Derek had lagged behind. They turned to look.
“No way,” he said, shaking his head. “This is not happening, this isn’t real, it’s just a bad case of nerves. I’m still asleep, still home, it’s the night before the wedding, and I’m having a nightmare.”
“It’s a nightmare, all right, but it’s real enough,” said Kendra. “We’ve got to go.”
He shook her off. “It’s not real,” he insisted, louder. “It can’t be. Things like this just don’t happen in real life!”
Faint voices could be heard down the corridor. Cass was suddenly aware of their vulnerable position. “Derek, we can talk about this later!”
Nothing was getting through to him. The voices were getting louder. In only moments, they would be discovered, and the two bodies as well. Nothing good could come of that.
“We’re leaving,” said Kendra, taking Cass’s hand.
“We can’t leave Derek!” 
“He’s already gone,” she said softly. “We have to save ourselves.”
Cass allowed herself to be pulled away. The last she saw of Derek, as they rounded the corner, he was still standing by the side of the hall, talking to nobody.

Chapter 8: Whispers in The Dark

“Walk, don’t run.”
Kendra’s calming words had their desired effect. Cass slowed what threatened to be a headlong pace to something closer to normal.
“Better.” The voices behind them stayed constant. No sudden shouting or alarms were raised. Apparently, whatever Derek was doing wasn’t enough to attract official attention yet, but who knew how long that would last?
Derek! Cass thought with a pang.
“Act normally. We’re just a couple of girls out for a night on the town.” Kendra pasted on a smile.
“Normally? Ken, how can you be so calm?”
“Zen. Thinking happy thoughts. Pradax. Take your pick.” She didn’t slacken her steady pace towards their gate.
The public address system blared. 
“Loading for Las Vegas Free State commencing. All passengers are advised the capsule departs in five minutes. Please make your way to the gate at this time.”
“That’s us,” said Ken. “Now, you can hurry.” 
Although it wasn’t much farther, they sped up and arrived with plenty of time to spare. The gate attendant wasn’t exactly overwhelmed. This capsule was too early to get many serious partiers but too late for the business crowd. Still, the hard tickets threw him momentarily.
“Look into the scanner, please,” he asked.
Cass was flummoxed, but Ken didn’t hesitate. “Oh, do we have to? We just want to take a quick trip without the other halves knowing.”
“Ladies, I understand, but you still need to look into the scanner.”
Ken dialed it up a notch. “But then they’ll know where we went! We just want a night without the boys around!”
He was insistent. “Eyes to the scanner, now.”
Kendra’s voice turned harsh. “Listen, bratchik, if I wanted to look into a scanner, I would’ve debited the tickets. I don’t, so I didn’t. Now, are you going to let us board, or do I need your supervisor?” Kendra was in full diva mode, something no man or woman could withstand for long.
Still, he made one more attempt. “I have to account for all the people who board the capsule, and we track it by the retinal scan.”
She waved the tickets under his nose. 
“That’s your problem, not mine. See this fine print? “The holder of this ticket is entitled to one transit from the departure point to the specified destination printed on obverse.” It doesn’t say anything about scans or geeky twerps giving legitimate travelers a hard time, so back off.” There was a not-so-subtle emphasis on the last two words, which finally penetrated the hair gel.
“Tickets, please,” he capitulated, extending his hand.
“Here you go,” replied Kendra sweetly. “Thank you.” 
She kissed his cheek, rubbing her chest against him, and boarded with Cass close behind. When they were seated, carefully separated from the other passengers, she leaned into Ken.
“Why’d you do that?” 
“I’m hoping that he remembers he copped a feel rather than the hard time we gave him,” she confessed. “There’s no proof that those tickets were ours, but it wouldn’t take too much imagination to put it all together. Plus, there’s just the two of us. Unless they’ve grabbed Derek, they’re still looking for three.”
The doors whooshed shut, and the mostly empty capsule catapulted from the station. Despite the crushing acceleration, Cass allowed herself to relax. They were safe, for now. This tube was an express line, direct into Vegas, with no intervening stations. Another capsule would be along in fifteen minutes, then another, and another. Since the express tubes were built on a semi-ballistic arc, there was no opportunity to stop a capsule short of destroying the entire system. She didn’t think that whoever was pursuing them was that fanatical or desperate. 
Yet.
After a few minutes, the acceleration eased away. They were coasting now, a magnetically-levitated bullet in a vacuum tube. Once there, the capsule would be pulled around to the return tube, loaded with passengers headed back to Los Alamos, and launched again. The eight hundred klick trip would take about an hour. That was how long they had to plan their next move.
Kendra interrupted her musings. “Cass, we need to talk.”
“About what, Ken?”
“Who’s chasing you? Why? What do they want, and why won’t you give it to them?”
Cass’s face twisted in agony. 
“I don’t know!” she moaned. “There’s nothing – nothing! - going on!”
“Shh, shh, babylove,” Kendra crooned, letting Cass rest her head against her chest. “I know it’s tough. But you’ve gotta think. First things first. Is there anyone who wants to hurt you?”
“No!”
“Are you -”
“Damn you, Ken, don’t you think I’d know?” At least there was some fire in her voice now.
“No, I don’t, but maybe you can give me some clues, and we can try to figure it out. What’s new at work?”
“Work? Same. Next-generation polarizing mirrors. But it’s not –“
“Any side projects?”
Cass paused before saying, “As a matter of fact, yes.”
“What is it?” asked Kendra. “This might be something!”
“Well, it could be nothing. Probably a dead end, in fact.”
“Doesn’t matter what you think about it. If it’s something extra you’re working on, then maybe someone else wants it.”
“It’s just a quirk of quantum mechanics,” demurred Cass.
“Then tell. I always thought I needed to learn more about it.” The blatant lie did its job and brought a smile to Cass’s face. 
“Fine. I’ll try to keep it basic. You know about quantum teleportation?”
“Not a clue.”
Cass laughed. 
“Most people don’t. It’s a way to transfer information nearly instantaneously from one point to another. We use it all the time today in our computers. The AI systems wouldn’t be possible without it.”
“Okay, so it’s a useful trick. What does that have to do with you?”
“Well, I was thinking – ”
Kendra interrupted. “Always dangerous.”
Cass glared. “- That it might be possible to teleport objects, maybe even people, and not just information. That is, it would still be information, but there would be a physical result.”
“Whoa! Slow down, girlie, and go over that again?”
“I told you it wasn’t easy.”
“Yeah, yeah.”
“Quantum teleportation involves the transmission of data – qubits – from one point to another.”
“Uh-huh, if you say so.”
“I do. This is what makes our modern computers operate as well as they do, a level they only dreamed of back in the Twentieth.”
“Okay, I get that.”
“Good. Do you know how the replicator works?”
“Not really. I know they made it a lot easier for me when I lived in the Valley and didn’t have time to cook or shop.”
“Well, the replicator uses a quantum computer to store molecular patterns of things, like food and clothes. That steak au poivre you made last night?”
“What about it?”
“You could describe it chemically as so many atoms of carbon, so many atoms of oxygen, hydrogen, and so forth. Then you describe how to combine them to achieve the texture and taste you manage with the stove.”
Kendra snorted. “Hmph. Can’t duplicate my steak. There’s always something missing.”
Cass looked pleased as if Kendra was a particularly slow student who’d just gotten a critical point. “Right, exactly! Molecular memory isn’t very high-tech; in fact, it’s downright primitive. The resolution is pretty poor when the necessary components are assembled, like an old-fashioned fax machine. There are always some errors. That’s why you can’t do anything too complex with a replicator.”
“Okay. I think I’m with you.”
“Alright. Here’s where it gets sticky. Living beings are complex.”
“Too right!” Kendra nodded emphatically.
“Shut it, I’m talking. That’s why you can’t replicate them. You need data on the quantum level, not just the molecular level, which is orders of magnitude more difficult. Now, there are two problems with this: first, storage. Even the simplest life form would require terabytes of memory. Something like a person would be up into the exabytes, at least, and that’s significant even with quantum storage but not impossible.”
“So we can store the information if we want?”
“Yes, but there’s the second problem. See, we have most of the pieces to teleport something or someone. We have computers fast enough to manage the zettaFLOPS of calculations needed. They can access the exabytes of data a complex quantum mechanical system would entail using quantum teleportation. And replicators can assemble stuff out of raw materials, though not to the precision necessary. The only thing we’ve been lacking is a scanner exact enough to assimilate all the quantum data.”
“And why is that a problem?”
“If you’re missing data, you can’t make an exact copy,” Cass said sharply. “You only have one chance to do a quantum scan because the object being scanned is destroyed in the process. You miss a bit and it’s gone forever.”
“Ah. So you scan a frog and miss data; it might be lacking a leg?”
“Nothing quite that dramatic, but essentially, yes.”
“Nice lecture, but what does this have to do with you?” The capsule announced the halfway point of the journey.
“Well, I do optics.”
“Duh.”
“To do teleportation, we need a scanner that is about an order of magnitude more accurate than we have now.”
Kendra shrugged. “I’ll take your word for it.”
“I thought we could tie a gas-ion krypton laser through a BBO crystal and increase the throughput. We use another optical crystal to narrow the wavelength further, down to the level we need for a proper scan.” Cass rattled this off smoothly. She’d obviously given it considerable thought.
Kendra groaned. “Stop. Can you repeat that in English?”
Cass smiled. “I figured out how to focus the laser onto a narrower point and still retain its power.”
“See? That, I understood! Not all that felgercarb about BBO and throughput. So now we have all the pieces to make teleportation work?”
“In theory, if it all comes together. Yes.”
Kendra snorted. “And you wonder why anyone would want to shut you up?”
Cass was shocked. “But it’s just an idea! I haven’t put it together; I don’t even know if it’s possible!”
Kendra regarded her coolly. “You tell me. Would this work? Or are you just spinning dreams?”
“It should work,” said Cass. “But I don’t know for sure!”
“And who else knows about this?”
“I haven’t talked to anyone!” said Cass vehemently. “Well, no, I talked to Derek about it once. But other than that? It’s just a bunch of notes and speculation on my -” Her voice stopped.
“On your what?” prompted Kendra.
“On my network at the lab,” finished Cass. “Oh, shit.”
“Yep. No privacy there, no matter what protection you’ve applied to keep people out. Always a back door in the system for the owners.”
“You don’t think -”
“Honey, I always think, but I don’t know. If teleportation became possible, don’t you think that the transportation industry might object, just a little?”
Cass blanched and was silent. Kendra continued.
“Okay, here’s what we have to do. We can’t stay in Vegas. The little scene at the gate makes it too easy to track us down, and the Free State isn’t too large for a really determined organization to saturate. That’s assuming Derek doesn’t talk; if he does, we might have a reception waiting for us when we arrive.”
Cass moaned. For a few minutes, she’d forgotten about Derek, but now his plight slammed back into her. How could they leave him behind? Kendra said they didn’t have a choice, and maybe she was right, but it hurt.
Kendra was still talking. “No sense borrowing trouble, though. One thing we have in our favor, we have what’s-his-name’s commpad.”
“How does that help? Can’t those things be tracked?”
“Absolutely. I’m counting on it, in fact.”
Cass shook her head in confusion. “I don’t get it.”
“As long as the commpad is moving, and the bodies aren’t discovered, then whoever hired the uglies will assume they’re still on our trail. They probably won’t send anyone else after us. At least, that’s what I’d do.” She shrugged. “Once we get to Vegas, I’ll plant the pad on someone. Then we go off on our merry way, get our errands done, and move on.”
“And if the bodies are found?”
“Run like hell.”
Chapter 9: Off to See the Wizard

Their arrival in Vegas was anticlimactic. 
No goons with guns awaited them, no special attention singling them out. At least no more than two attractive women would garner, anyway. A quick stop in the ladies’ room and the extra padd was disposed of. An older woman with a distinct deep south drawl would now be their mule.
The ever-present slot machines lined the walls, welcoming visitors to the city and beginning the process of separating tourists from their money. Illuminated signs advertised casinos, hotels, and shows. Deftly Kendra steered them through the throng.
“Now where?” asked Cass as they cleared the last of them.
“Now, we go visit an old friend of mine,” answered Ken.
#
Ken’s friend lived well off the famous Strip, far back into the areas only the locals traveled. The interrogation at his door, under other circumstances, would have been amusing in its paranoia. Now, they were grateful he took the time.
Under the best circumstances and most generous description, the room they entered was cluttered. Papers, computers, cameras, printers, drives, and monitors all competed for space on the desks and shelves that lined all four walls. In several contrasting styles, music played from speakers arranged around the room. Cass could see a fine golden mesh on every exposed surface, including the ceiling and floor.
“Why do you need a Faraday cage?” she asked.
“Because I don’t need no snoopy bitches prying into my business!” he barked. He was old, though hard to say just how old. He could have been anywhere from sixty to ninety. A fringe of white hair circled his otherwise-bald head. His face was like deeply carved mahogany. Skinny almost to emaciation, his fingers were what drew Cass’s eyes next. They were delicate, slim, and obviously pampered.
“You’re a forger,” she stated.
“That’s like calling Michelangelo a painter,” he sniffed. “I am an artist, and you will remember that, or I’ll forget that my old friend Ken brought you here and thump your skinny white ass!”
Cass stammered an apology.
“Don’t worry,” assured Kendra. “He’s really a sweetheart. Dick’s bark is worse than his bite.”
“You’ve never seen me bite,” he mumbled, obviously pleased.
“He is a magician with documents, though,” she continued.
“How do you know him?” asked Cass.
“Well -” Kendra was reluctant to continue, but Dick picked up the slack.
“You know what she does for a living?”
“She makes movies. She used to do sensies,” said Cass.
“Sensies,” he scoffed. “Porn, it what it is. Porn-o-graph-y.” He stretched out each syllable. “It means, literally, “the writing of harlots.” Did you know that?”
“Uh, no,” answered Cass, confused by the turn in the conversation.
“Yep. And Kendra there did some of the very best writings, though I don’t know that she’s anyone’s harlot,” he admitted. “Made some real good money, she did, always gave her customers what they wanted. Got lots of people work, too, work they could do and were good at. The problem was that some of them had pasts they needed to get away from. Jail time, or maybe an ex, or some kids wanting a slice of mommy’s pie. So they needed a new identity.”
“And you gave it to them,” finished Cass.
“Hell no, I sold it to them!” laughed Dick. “Made myself a pretty penny, didn’t I, Kenny?”
“It was always worth it,” said Kendra. “Never had a problem. And you know I hate that nickname.”
“Finest manufactured IDs and backgrounds you could ask for!” amplified Dick. “What’s the problem today, Ken? Bounty hunter?”
“Hey, that was just the one time! No, this is personal. We need a whole set-up,” she said, gesturing. “ID, passports, bank accounts, backgrounds, the works.”
He whistled. “What did you do, child?”
“I didn’t do anything.” Seeing the skepticism on his face, she continued. “Really! This time, it wasn’t me. It was all her!”
Dick eyed Cass critically. “That red hair, I’ll bet you’re a hellion, but you don’t look the type to get into that much hot water.”
“I don’t know what I did. All I know is Kendra says we’ve got to run away.”
He turned his attention back. “Kendra?”
“Cass is being modest. She’s solved the problem of teleportation.”
“I have not!”
Kendra ignored the outburst. “I think someone’s willing to kill to keep it quiet. I want to get her away, somewhere safe, until we can figure it all out.”
“Why?” asked Dick.
“’Cause I love her.”
He nodded. “Good enough for me. How fast?”
“How fast can you get it done?”
“Full background?”
“I think so.”
He thought. 
“Tomorrow, noon.” He named a figure. “That’s the usual fee, plus fifty percent for the rush job.”
“Double it. I’ll forward you the money, plus more for the accounts you’re setting up. Still the same dummies?”
“Still the same. If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it, my daddy taught me.”
“Okay. Noon. Here?”
“Hell no! I’ll meet you at the old Luxor.”
“That wreck? I thought it closed down.”
“Some damn fool bought it and opened it back up,” he said. “Thinks there’s money in reviving the last Twentieth-century casino. Dumped a gigabuck into it so far, not much to show. Looks better, though.”
“Okay. We’ll see you then.” She turned to leave.
“Doesn’t he need photos or anything?” said Cass.
“What do you think all this does?” He gestured to the jumbled electronics. “I’ve got you both measured and recorded seven ways to Sunday.”
Chapter 10: Where the Sidewalk Ends

“We’ve got to talk.”
“And drink. It is vitally important that we talk and drink. Now.” Cass’s face showed her confusion, so Kendra said, “Kidding. What do you want to talk about?”
They walked west along East Flamingo Road, gradually making their way into the tourists’ part of town. The homes and buildings around them were small and crowded but well-kept. There weren’t many people about, being near dinner, and the sun was still bright in the summer sky.
Cass still cast nervous looks around before speaking again. “How do you know all this?”
“It’s amazing what you pick up,” began Kendra.
“Cut the crap! There is no way a sensie actress and producer would know how to kill a man like that! Or what to do with a commpad or any of the other things that have kept us alive this afternoon!” She stopped and took Kendra’s arms, turning her to face her mesmerizing blue eyes. “Tell me the truth, Kendra. If you love me, you’ll tell me.”
“I’ll tell you,” said Kendra. She started walking again, and Cass let her. The silence stretched for a couple blocks while Kendra composed her thoughts. Finally, she spoke.
“I work for a company you’ve probably never heard of. We don’t make anything; we don’t advertise; hell, hardly anyone knows we exist! Mostly because we do things that aren’t always legal. Protection is one of our jobs. Couriers, bringing information or packages to places sane people wouldn’t go. Threat analysis. Assassination.”
Cass gasped at the last word.
“Could they –”
Kendra figured out what she was trying to ask and shook her head. “No,” she stated, and there was absolute certainty in her voice. “I would know if there was…no, there isn’t a contract on you with us,” she finished. “That doesn’t mean it’s not one of our competitors.”
 “How long…?”
“Have I worked for them? Eleven years, now, doing one thing or another.”
“Uh-huh. And what’s your job?” Cass’s voice was calm and unemotional.
“Not research!” laughed Kendra, trying for levity. “I never did very well in science. Do you remember Bio? When we had to dissect the pig?”
A small, wistful smile tugged at Cass’s lips. “You fainted when I removed the skin.”
“That’s about when I figured that I wouldn’t be following you in your classes and changed my focus.”
“Is that so? I always thought it was Billy Donovan in Econ.”
“Him too, though if I’d paid more attention to class, and less to him, maybe.…”
After a moment of silence, Cass prompted her with, “Maybe, what?”
“Maybe my studio wouldn’t have gone under.”
“But – what? I thought, I mean, I saw your films!”
“I made plenty of money,” Kendra agreed. “For other people. I got paid, but not real well, not at first. I was a dumb eighteen-year-old who’d never been away from home. I could whine and say they took advantage of me, but I knew what I was doing, what I wanted. I wanted sex, I wanted to get paid, and I didn’t want to go to jail. Sensies. Simple.”
“Your production company, the ranch! You’re rich!”
“No, my production company failed. I was still performing as much as I could, to bring in more money, because I was losing it on the films I made.”
“What happened?”
Kendra shrugged. “I didn’t watch the bottom line closely enough. Eighteen and stupid, right? I paid the actors and myself too much and got paid too little on the distribution end. I took loans out to keep me afloat without knowing how to pay them back. I did my best, but I couldn’t keep up after a couple of years. That was at the end of ’01, beginning of ‘02. One morning, I received a message from OutLook. They said they wanted to invest in my company. They loved my work and knew that they’d make a ton of money in the end.”
“What was the catch?”
“There wasn’t one, at first. They paid off all my loans, got me in the clear, and gave me a production manager, a stone bitch named Amanda Talbott. I have gotta admit, she really knew her stuff. Amanda renegotiated all the contracts, got the books in order, generally straightened everything out. That went on a few months before the other shoe dropped. It was pretty gentle, actually. No threats, no violence.”
“How’d it happen?”
“Amanda and I were having our usual weekly meeting, and she said, “It’s time for us to talk.” I said, “Isn’t that what we’re doing?” and she just laughed at me. “I mean about paying back OutLook.” “Paying back?” “You didn’t think that it was a gift, did you?” It got loud from there for a while. But once I calmed down and gave her a chance, she explained it all pretty well. They offered to keep the company going, let me draw my salary, and all I had to do, at first, was go for training.”
A look, equal parts wistful and regretful, crossed Kendra’s face. 
“I learned how to be a courier, at first. The training was a bear, but I managed it and started doing runs between productions. Yes, I still made sensies,” she said to Cass’s look. “For a while. Then, a couple years after I started, they trained me to be an assassin, and I had to cut back on my shoots. I’ve been free and clear for a few years now, so I reduced my workload. My last run for OutLook was –"
“Wait a sec. Back up. Assassin?”
“You asked, remember? Turned out, I have quite a talent for it.”
Cass nervously asked, “Have you - “
“Killed? Yes. Today was my eighteenth in self-defense.”
“Eighteen?” Cass looked at her friend and would-be bride warily.
“Plus twelve more on assignment,” Ken admitted. “But they were all bad,” she assured Cass.
“And what was I? Another assignment?” Cass pulled her hand away.
“No! You weren’t ever – ever – an assignment!” Kendra grabbed Cass’s hand back. “When we met again at the premiere, that was the best thing that had happened to me in years! Everything after – falling in love again, moving in together – none of that was planned or faked. That was real!”
“I want to believe you, Ken-doll, I really do.” Aiyana’s voice cracked.
“Then believe this.” Kendra dropped to her knees, heedless of the rough concrete, and gazed upward. “Aiyana Rosewind Cassidy, I love you. Will you marry me? Tonight? Now?”
Cass stood, stunned. “What about Derek?”
Kendra looked up at her redheaded love. “We’ll get him back, Cass. I swear to Zeus, if it’s at all possible, we’ll get him back. I know how much you care about him, how much he means to you.”
“You promise?”
Kendra nodded. “We can marry him later, once this is all worked out. Triad marriages don’t have to happen all at once.”
Now With Aiyana fell as well, her arms wrapping around Kendra. “I thought you said we couldn’t? Not with our real names? And the fakes won’t -”
With surprising vehemence, Kendra said, “Fuck the fakes! I want you to be my wife tonight! It’s a risk, using our real ID, but if I can’t have you, now, legally, then running ain’t worth it!”
No more words were necessary or, at that moment, possible.
Chapter 11: Pardon Me, Do You Do Weddings?

“Do you, Kendra Marissa Foster-Briggs, take Aiyana to be your lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold, for better or for worse, in sickness and in health, for richer or for poorer, being her rock and her joy, until death do you part?” 
The minister – well, not really a minister. If you'd prefer, more of a professional wedding officiator – looked down at the two women. 
They’d caught a taxi with a genuine human driver, who was more than pleased to take cash money for his services. He took them first to a bridal shop, then a jeweler’s, followed by City Hall, and finally to the Chapel of the Resurrected Sirians (An Alienist Congregation, the sign read). The wedding dresses were simple compared to the ones they had worn only a few hours earlier. They were mirror images in white, keeping with Kendra’s Amazonian style. Aiyana was exposed on the right, while Kendra was revealed on the left. Both showed a plentiful length of leg, too.
The jeweler was eager to sell them wedding bands, though she insisted plain gold bands weren’t enough. “You need something sparkly,” she said, guiding them to another case. “I know the perfect ones.” 
She was right.
The rings she selected were identical in form, a bold, brilliant diamond in the center, flanked by a pair of smaller, identical jewels. The one she chose for Kendra to wear had topaz; Aiyana’s had emerald. 
“Obviously, the topaz and the emeralds are your partner’s eyes. You’ll know you’re always in their thoughts. The diamond is for the purity and eternal nature of your love.” It was a line, obviously, but it wasn’t necessary. They were sold. The rings were sized quickly, and they moved on.
They got a marriage license at the twenty-four-hour window in City Hall without any difficulty. Bribing the clerk to delay filing for a full day was also simple. Five hundred Vegas dollars tucked under the completed form and a few whispered words? The problem was solved. 
Nor was there any issue at the Chapel. 
“We never drop weekend paperwork off before Monday no how,” said Reverend Hos Gaw Yu. He pocketed his tip just as quickly as the county clerk.
Now they were here.
“I do,” whispered Kendra. She’d agreed to be asked first.
“And do you, Aiyana Rosewind Cassidy, take Kendra to be your lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold, for better or for worse, in sickness and in health, for richer or for poorer, being her rock and her joy, until death do you part?”
“I do.”
“Then by the power granted me by the Church of the Resurrected Sirians and the Free State of Las Vegas, I pronounce you wife and wife! You may kiss your bride,” he finished.
A scattering of applause rose from the waiting celebrants, doubling as witnesses to the ceremony, as they each lifted a filmy veil from the other’s face.
“You meant it,” said Aiyana, weeping.
“Of course I did, you silly bitch! Now kiss me and take me home. I want you in my bed, no.”
Cass stopped in mid-kiss and backed up. 
“No?”
“No. Not my bed. Ours.”
Cass considered this and found it good. With a huge smile, she collected another kiss before letting Kendra finish.
“What’s more, I want you there now!” 
The next few minutes were a blur of congratulations, signatures, and departures. Soon they were back with their tame taxi driver, who steered toward the Luxor.
“We have about sixteen hours before we meet Dick,” said Kendra between kisses and caresses. “What can we do with all that time?”
“We’ll think of something.”
Chapter 12: Hope You Guessed My Name

“Didn’t get much sleep, did ya?”
Cass whirled at Dick’s voice from the shelter of a booth behind them.
“Where’d you come from?” she demanded, glaring at him, then Kendra when she laughed.
“Been here an hour, waiting for you two to wander in. Starting to wonder if you’d forgot about me.”
“Spotted him as soon as we got off the elevator,” she admitted. “It’s an old trick, and Dick knows ‘em all, don’t you?”
“Made some of ‘em up,” he boasted. The women settled in across the booth. “Hair of the dog?” he asked, calling up a menu.
“No,” said Kendra. “It wasn’t any dog that kept us up,” she said.
“The curious incident of the dog in the nighttime,” said Dick with a twinkle.
“Now, Dick!” she admonished, color rising. Cass looked between the two in confusion. “I’ll explain someday,” Kendra promised her. 
“Enough monkey crap, Dick. Everything ready?”
“All set. Hold up to any scrutiny you want. Casual, federal, even bankers.”
Kendra whistled. “Nice. How’d you get them so quickly?”
“Always have a few working. These are just a couple of the better ones. Been making regular moves with them for, oh, four-five years now.”
“That long?” asked Cass.
“Shit, girl, I have one, been keepin’ it active for forty-two years! Finest kind. Guaranteed not to shit the bed when you need it most.”
“What’s that one for?”
He looked at Cass as if she were stupid. “For me, of course! Sooner or later, some bright boy’s gonna figure me out. That’s when I’ll know it’s time to close up and retire.”
“Okay. Your money’s in account fifteen.” 
He nodded and slid a hard copy of the news across to them. He rose.
“Kendra, it’s been a pleasure doing business with you again. Aiyana, you be good to this girl, hear me?”
“I will,” she agreed. “I married her. She’s good for me.”
“That she is,” said Dick. “That she is.” 
He turned and walked away.
“What a strange person,” remarked Cass as Kendra unfolded the sheets of newsprint. A large, flat envelope dropped out into her lap. Cass reached for it but was stopped by Kendra.
“Whoa! You ever open an Impervalope?”
“No.”
“Take your fingers off if you don’t do it just right, and destroy anything inside as well. Considering this holds our immediate futures, I think I should open it, don’t you?”
Cass nodded her agreement, abashed. Kendra noticed.
“There’s a lot to learn about this whole secret agent shit,” she said quietly. “I’ll do my best to teach you.”
“Okay. So how do you open that whatchamacallit?”
“Impervalope. Lots of people use them for sensitive documents. The trick is there’s a nanoscanner woven into the threads of the surface. Nothing fancy. Just enough memory in there to store a single DNA code. If you don’t have the code and try to force it open, poof! It superheats, vaporizes the contents and itself, and, if you don’t drop it fast enough, your hand. Nasty. Seen it happen a couple times. Packages that didn’t make their destinations.”
“How do you open it?”
“Like this.” Kendra licked the seam, which promptly fell open to reveal two smaller envelopes.
“Here’s yours,” said Kendra, handing her one marked “A.”
Nervously, Cass licked her envelope’s seal. She jumped back and dropped it when the envelope spoke with Dick’s voice.
“Betcha Kendra showed you how to open an Impervalope, and you assumed this was another!” It trailed off into laughter.
Kendra had the good grace to look abashed at the joke. “You can’t put an Impervalope inside another. Sorry. Forgot. Never learned why, just that it was a Very Bad Thing.”
Her heart still racing, Cass simply said, “Bitch.” 
But she smiled.
They opened the envelopes and dumped the contents on the table. All sorts of official documents were there, worn and aged in all the right places.
“What’s your name?” asked Cass, searching for her own. Kendra was quicker.
Her howl drew stares from passers-by. “Son-of-a-bitch miserable rotten sense of humor jackass prick!”
“What?” asked Cass.
It took a few moments for Kendra to calm down, but she was almost smiling by then. “Bastard knows me too well!”
“What -?”
“You remember my obsession with television and movies from the Twentieth and early Twenty-First, right?”
“Yeah, never understood it, but it seemed harmless enough.”
“Not anymore.” She dropped a military-looking ID in front of Cass. “Read.”
Bemused, Cass read. ““Colonel Wilma Deering, Earth Defense Force.” Earth Defense Force? I don’t get it.”
“She’s a character from a show!”
“And that’s bad?” Cass was genuinely puzzled. “Was there something wrong with her?”
“No, she was beautiful, intelligent, loyal, and a fierce defender of anyone she cared about.”
“Sounds like he got it right,” commented Cass. “Wonder who he chose for me?” She searched for her own ID, found it, and stared at the name blankly for a moment before speaking again.
“Oh my god.” She closed her eyes and dropped her head into one hand. With the other, she handed the ID to Kendra. 
Kendra’s hoots of laughter drew more stares than her earlier outburst. 
“Shut up!” Cass said from under her hand. “God, I still have nightmares about that Halloween.”
Kendra’s laughter eventually subsided. “Willow! You were Willow! Hera take him, how did he know?”

Chapter 13: NEVER Play the Slots in Vegas!

“What now, “Wilma”?”
They’d packed up their meager belongings, checked out of the hotel, were now back in the casino section of the revived Luxor, gawking like tourists. The temporary passports, too valuable to discard and probably too dangerous, were buried deep in Kendra’s bag, under a towel, between pages of a copy of Joseph and The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. Kendra suggested the casino because it would be more difficult to eavesdrop on them there.
“Well, “Willow,” we’ve got to think about where we go next. By this time tomorrow, the wedding of Kendra and Aiyana Cassidy will be a matter of public record. I’m sure the Free State will be receiving all sorts of nasty visitors shortly after that. Willow and Wilma should be elsewhere. Fast.”
“Why can’t we stay here? Use our old account to buy tickets under our real names and send them off on another wild goose chase?”
Kendra, still scanning the crowd, said, “Because, my dear, sooner or later, they’ll realize that it was a wild goose chase and end up back here. But they’ll be pissed and even more determined to find us.”
“Oh.” Cass’s voice was small.
“Plus, we’ve already used that trick once. No professional operator will get caught out twice. You saturate the destination and the departure points until your little fishes – us! - get caught in the net.”
“Oh.” Cass’s voice was even smaller.
“And we shouldn’t just run off to “somewhere” again. We need to have a destination that makes sense, a place we can start figuring things out.”
“Houston,” answered Cass immediately.
“Why Houston?” Kendra wasn’t dismissive, but her tone showed her doubt.
“HLC’s corporate offices. Maybe we can get into the records and find out if they’re behind this and who ordered it.”
Kendra paused. “Not bad. One little problem. How do you get in?”
“My ID is good for all – oh.”
“Bingo. Aiyana Cassidy’s ID is good for all HLC properties. Unfortunately, I suspect if Aiyana Cassidy shows up, something very terminal will happen to her. Since I’m rather attached to her, I think we should avoid HLC. At least until we can figure out another way in.”
“Um. Yeah.” Cass blushed at her naiveté, then spoke again. “What if HLC has nothing to do with this? I’m out of a job!”
Kendra nodded. “Point.”
“Any ideas on that, Ms. Secret Agent?”
“Don’t rush me, I’m thinking. Here,” and Kendra pushed a handful of coins into Cass’s hands. “Go hit the slots. We need to blend in here, not stand out.” 
“How about this one?” Cass pointed to a glitz-covered machine, three meters tall, with multiple screens and buttons. Above it, a giant glowing sign proclaimed, “BIGGEST JACKPOT IN VEGAS!” It was highlighted by spots shining from a half-dozen fixtures but was standing alone. Nobody was playing.
Kendra frowned. “Why isn’t it getting any action?”
Cass peered at the directions before responding. “That’s why. It might have the highest payout, but it also sucks in the most money. Look: hundred dollar increments, you have to bet the maximum for four consecutive pulls and hit the pattern exactly, you don’t win anything if you’re even a little bit off – damn!”
“What?”
“Well, if I’m reading this right, you have to place four consecutive eight-thousand-dollar bets to hit that payoff! No wonder nobody’s playing – where are you going?”
Grinning, Kendra said, “Getting you thirty-two grand.”
#
“It’s not my fault! You brought me the money!” Cass complained.
“You didn’t have to put it in the damn machine!”
“It was your idea! “Blend in,” you said! “Look like tourists,” you said! What are the odds that we’d hit the jackpot?”
Kendra growled, “According to the casino manager, three hundred twenty-nine million, six thousand, two hundred and five to one against.”
“How could I expect to win?”
Irritated, Kendra said, “Irrelevant. It’s done. You won. At least we won’t have any money worries for a while. How much did it pay off?”
“Sixteen million. After taxes.”
“I just wish you’d been able to avoid the cameras a little more.”
“The manager was about to throw you out. You were hanging all over me and getting in his shot.”
“Exactly! Photo recognition AI ring any bells? They publicize the hell out of winners, try to get more suckers to come play and recoup the payouts.” Kendra’s eyes kept sweeping the crowds, but her steady pace didn’t waver.
“Oh.”
“Yeah, oh. Well, what’s done is done. How do you feel about short, black hair?”
“Huh?” Cass didn’t quite make the turn in the swerving train of thought.
“Maybe a pageboy cut? But definitely short. Eyebrows, too.”
“What about you?” Cass touched her shoulder-length red hair.
“Nobody was looking at me. I didn’t hit the biggest jackpot in Vegas.”
“Not fair!”
#
“Black is NOT my color!” Cass complained. 
“At least we didn’t have to cut it. Should have guessed we could find a wig in Vegas. Now we won’t have to worry about the new ID not matching. We just have to get to the terminal safely.”
After the delay in the Luxor, they’d decided to ditch the “blend in as tourists” idea and instead taxied to the locals’ side of the city, to a middling-sized restaurant named “Guy’s Diner.” They settled into a booth, ordered, and were now discussing their next steps.
“I think you need to contact HLC discretely. Is there someone you can trust completely?”
Cass fiddled with the black wig, thinking. “Maybe. Lisa.”
“Lisa?”
“Dr. Lisa Mantchev. I don’t think you ever met her. She’s been on sabbatical for the past year, working at the Woods Hole Undersea biome, and just got back last week. She’s a bioelectrical engineer with another Ph.D. in applied computer networks. Right now, she’s working with algae to try to combine power generation with oxygen cycling. It’s actually a neat concept if she can get it to work. Since life generates electricity, she thinks -”
Kendra’s eyes were glazing as she reached out a finger across Cass’s lips. “Do you trust her?”
Pushing the hand away, Cass answered, “Yes. She and I were pretty close for a while.”
“How close?” asked Kendra archly.
“Why, Wilma! Are you jealous?”
“Not at all, Willow, dear. Purely professional interest, I assure you.”
“Uh-huh.” Cass chuckled. “She and I are friends, that’s all. I was a bridesmaid at her wedding, actually.”
“There are some things you shared that she’d recognize as coming only from you?”
“I think so.”
“That’s a start. Then the plan is for you to contact Lisa, make her believe it’s really you, then we’ll get her to poke around. See if there are any crumbs we can follow.”
“And if there aren’t?”
“Then we’ll have one more ally. Ah, here’s supper. Eat up. We have to catch the nineteen-fifty shuttle.”
“To where?”
“Nowhere.” Kendra was already digging into her food.
Cass paused with her fork halfway to her mouth. “Pardon me?”
“I’ll explain when we’re on the way. Eat.”
Chapter 14: Handyman’s Special

“We’re in the capsule. Explain.” Cass’s tone showed clearly that she wouldn’t be put off by glib answers and doubletalk. Newlywed or no, there was only so far she could be pushed before pushing back. 
Kendra sighed. It had been a long time since she trusted anyone with all of her secrets. Not since…she cut off that thought. Best not to go there, not now.
“We need to lay low for a while, right? Figure out what’s going on, who’s behind it, and how to stop it. We need peace and quiet and lots and lots of access. So, we’re on our way to a little place I have.”
“You have?”
“Well, we, fine -”
“No, I mean, look, if they’re looking for me, and they know you’re with me, you’re married to me for gossake! Won’t they lock in on any place that you, you know, own?”
Kendra nodded. “Ah, I understand. You’re right. Your apartment, our house, the studio, your lab. They’re all almost certainly watched now. We go back to any of them? We’re done for.”
“That’s what I thought. Why is this place different?”
“Because I don’t own it.”
Cass frowned, and Kendra admired it.
“You’re cute when you frown.”
“Don’t distract me. You said you have a place.”
“I do.”
“But you don’t own it.”
“Right.”
Cass considered this, then shook her head. “I still don’t get it.”
“Well, I paid for it through several dummies and cutout corporations. Now it’s maintained with its own funding, managed by a little AI that only knows to invest and pay bills for upkeep.”
Cass wasn’t sure about this. “And we can get in?”
“Yep. All I ever used it for were quiet weekends, a little retreat off in the woods and hills.”
“Where is it?”
Now Kendra hesitated. “You might not like this.”
“Try me.”
“It’s in the People’s Republic.”
Cass brightened. “No, it was my mom who didn’t want me going there. I didn’t care one way or another. People are people, even if they did talk a bit funny.”
“Good. We’re out in the western end, a little town called Florida.”
“I’m confused. I thought we were going to Massachusetts?”
“You’ll see.”
#
The closest the capsule ran was Albany, the capital of the Empire of New York. From there, a chartered transport brought them to the border in Williamstown. Exiting the Empire was painless. 
Entering the People’s Republic, not so much. Their ordeal began with original forms in triplicate. These were followed by a detailed inventory of every possession they brought into the country. They had to pay import tariffs on each item and submit an income tax form. Of course, the income tax was only payable in Production Economic Units, which weren’t available outside the People’s Republic, so their Dollars had to be converted at a ruinous exchange rate.
The tedium lasted three hours.
“They ought to work for some of the nastier banana republics in the California Confederacy,” commented Kendra as they finally passed through. “They could teach them a few tricks. I felt like confessing to everything, and I ain’t done nothing!”
Cass silently nodded. She was wrung out. “Where is this place?”
“Not far now. We just have to hire a taxi or something, and we’ll be there in forty-five minutes. Tops. Then a soak in a hot tub, dinner, and bed. What do you think?”
“Don’t let me fall asleep in the tub.”
Hiring a ride wasn’t that easy. The PRM had strict guidelines regarding hours of operation, miles, rates, zoning, and endless other minutiae. In the end, it took four different vehicles two hours to eventually bring them to a small collection of run-down buildings. 
“Are you sure you have the right place, lady?” asked the final driver, peering into the encroaching brush.
Kendra turned her most winning smile on him. “Quite sure. There’s a trail here we’re interested in hiking.”
“Oh. Greens. Have a nice walk, then.” 
Apparently he didn’t think too highly of “greens” because, despite the darkness, he sped off, leaving them on the edge of the woods.
“That got rid of him,” said a pleased Kendra.
“I’m not sure I wanted him to go. This place gives me the creeps!”
Kendra looked around. “Yeah, but it keeps people away. Come on, it’s only a few hundred meters back into the woods.”
Cass pointed at the massive second-growth forest. “In there?”
“Yes, in there. Don’t worry. It’s perfectly safe as long as you’re with me.” Kendra set off with sure strides. With no choice but follow or be left behind, Cass hurried to catch up.
The path through the trees was nearly impossible to see as it plunged into the darkened forest. Obviously, this particular trail had few, if any, regular visitors. Yet something odd was happening. 
Every few meters, as Kendra approached, a soft blue glow would illuminate the ground, then fade away seconds later. The glows aimed downward. No light was wasted on the trees behind and beside.
“Am I seeing things?” asked Cass after passing a few of the lights.
“No,” laughed Kendra. “They’re programmed to respond to my subdermal implant.”
“Your what?”
“Implant. It broadcasts on a very particular frequency. Come to think of it, I should get one for you.”
“I have one,” Cass said. “But it’s not rigged to transmit.”
Kendra shrugged in the darkness. “We’ll fix that or get another one. The house will recognize you and learn your habits too.”
“The house, habits, what?” Cass tried to keep up.
“We’re almost there,” was the only explanation.
And soon enough, they were. 
“It’s very, ah, rustic.”
It was a mess. It looked like an old-fashioned chemical rocket that someone had squashed flat and then layered in brick. The second-growth trees continued around it, completely concealing it from overhead eyes. 
“This is your retreat?”
“Sort of. Come on in. You’ll love it!”
Muttering, “Somehow, I doubt that,” Cass nevertheless followed her wife up the rickety-looking stairs to a worn but securely locked door. Suddenly she felt Kendra’s arms under her knees and behind her shoulders, lifting her off the ground.
“What the…?”
“Traditional, carrying the bride across the threshold. Have to collect a kiss for the toll, though.”
Cass paid willingly.


Chapter 15: Hobbit Hole

On her feet inside the dilapidated building, Cass said, “I kissed you for this?”
It was a reasonable question. The dim light barely pushed back the shadows, but what she could see was ruin and wreckage. Large, unrecognizable machines were strewn through the visible part of the room, giving the impression of a careless child who dropped their toys. A broken door, barely hanging from a single hinge, was askew on the far wall. Vines had forced their way through the shattered windows, taking root in the decomposing walls. Dirt and other filth covered the floor.
“We’re safe.”
If Kendra meant to be reassuring, she failed. “Safe? Safe? This must be some strange usage of the word of which I hadn’t previously been aware – I felt safer running from the wedding hall!”
Kendra laughed. “It’s not much to look at, I know, but -”
“It looks like it should be condemned!”
“Actually, it has been. That’s how I got it so cheap.” Kendra sounded pleased.
“You mean you actually paid for this?” Cass was aghast.
“Yep, and it’s worth every penny!”
“Ken-doll, I don’t know how to say this, but it looks like shit!”
“Exactly!” Kendra saw the confusion and anger on Cass’s face and relented, laughing.
“Follow me.” She walked toward the broken door. Half-expecting the floor to disintegrate beneath her feet, Cass followed gingerly.
Kendra pulled the door open, exposing another, almost as-ruined room. “This was the control room,” she said in explanation, though it really explained nothing. 
“Control room?”
“For the ventilation fans.”
“Fans? What are you talking about?” Her exasperation with the unanswers was clear.
“Sit, and I’ll tell you.” Kendra dropped into a chair. Cass looked around suspiciously before settling gingerly on a chair of her own.
“Have you ever heard of the Hoosac Tunnel?”
“No.”
“It was a nineteenth-century engineering project. It took over a quarter-century, cost millions of old dollars, and killed almost two hundred people. All to get through the Hoosac Range and connect a couple of railroad lines.”
“Ah. Money was the motivation.”
“Mostly, but also there was a sense of challenge. That was an age where men tried to do things just because they hadn’t been done before, just to do them, to succeed where others had failed even to dare.” Her tone was wistful.
“They built a tunnel through a mountain, so what?”
“Not just a tunnel. It was the longest tunnel in North America at the time, over seven-and-a-half klicks long!”
Cass was dismissive. “The capsule tubes have longer tunnels.”
“Now, yes, but we have laser borers, high-output plasma cutters, and all sorts of other technology. They used steam power and nitroglycerin!”
“Nitroglycerin?”
“An explosive.”
“I know what nitroglycerin is. I just don’t know anyone who uses it.”
“Nobody, these days. Don’t distract me.”
“Right. They dug a tunnel.”
Regaining her enthusiasm, Kendra started again. “Right! And it was used for nearly two centuries, finally falling into disuse in the last half of the last century. The tubes were the final blow to the old rail network, so the Hoosac saw its last train. The automatic doors were closed for a final time and sealed, and the site was abandoned.”
“Sad story. So what?”
“This is part of the tunnel!” Kendra crowed in triumph.
Cass peered into the encroaching darkness. “This? Honey, we’re on top of a mountain, not under it.”
“You don’t know what this is? Come on, use that brain of yours and figure it out!”
Cass thought. “Where’s the tunnel? From here.”
“The west entrance is three point seven klicks west of here, and the east entrance three point nine clicks east-southeast.”
“And vertically?”
“About a three hundred meters down.”
Cass nodded. “This was a ventilation and exhaust shaft, wasn’t it? And all this was the control systems and machinery for the fans.”
Kendra’s smile blossomed. “You got it!”
“You own a defunct exhaust system for a disused railroad tunnel.” Cass made a face. “I still can’t see the attraction.”
“It’s simple!” Kendra stood and held out her hand. “Come with me.”
“Where now?” asked Cass, taking her hand. 
“A good surprise.” Kendra guided her unerringly towards a seemingly-solid wall. When they were only a meter away, a previously-invisible seam appeared in the center of the wall. The two halves slid backward into hidden pockets on the side, revealing a small, gleaming room. Kendra stepped in without hesitation, followed closely by Cass.
“Same chip?” asked Cass.
“Yes, but a little more advanced reading,” answered Kendra as the room began to descend. “It responds to a particular frequency. Then it transmits the surrounding temperature, salinity, humidity, all sorts of crap I didn’t bother to try to remember. Basically, if it’s been removed from my body, it won’t work, even if the frequency is right.”
“Clever.” Cass did her best to appear nonchalant. “So, an elevator. Where to?”
“The bottom of the central shaft.”
“Why?”
“You’ll see.”
Cass, to her chagrin, stamped her foot in frustration. “Kendra Marissa! Can’t you just give me a straight answer?”
Kendra looked abashed. “Sorry, dear. I’ve had to hide all this for so long, I’m loving showing it to you, and I don’t want it to end!” She stepped closer to Cass and looked into her ice-blue eyes. “Forgive me?”
“How long does this elevator take to get to the bottom?” asked Cass evasively.
“About five minutes. It’s slower than death, but that’s intentional.”
“Then you have five minutes to earn my forgiveness,” said Cass, her eager grin answered by Kendra’s. 

Chapter 16: A Little More Than Meets the Eye

The elevator doors opened to a mussed but forgiven Kendra and a satisfied Cass.
The difference between the surface and the lower level couldn’t have been more dramatic. Where above all was ruin and filth, below was gleaming and new. Lights that simulated natural sunlight snapped on, dispelling the darkness.
“Don’t move!” said Kendra urgently as Cass took a step. “The sensors have to react to my implant first, or the automatic defenses will activate. I really don’t want that to happen.”
She stepped forward, shielding Cass, before standing still for a few seconds. Cass noticed a small emerald light activate on the far side of the room.
“Okay. I’m clear. You can follow me, but don’t pass me or make sudden movements. The system will still respond, ah, negatively.” Kendra reached behind her with an arm to keep Cass in line with her body.
“Negatively?”
“Negatively. As in, shoot to kill, no warnings negatively.”
“I think I’ll wait right here,” said Cass, patting the metallic side of the elevator.
“It’ll only take a minute,” Kendra said, striding across to reveal an old-fashioned keyboard. Her fingers flew across the keys, a retinal scanner popped out of the wall, and a small compartment opened up. 
“Right, we need to key you into the system. Come over here,” she said, still typing.
“It’s safe?” said Cass as she took a tentative step into the room.
“Safe enough. Don’t dawdle! We only have sixty seconds to complete this, or….”
“Bad things?” Cass said, speeding her pace.
“Nasty things,” confirmed Kendra. 
“Here,” she continued. “Finger in here. This will do a print and get a DNA sample. Look into the scope, state your full name, and then say, “Though through the rough borough the plough ought to cough.””
“What?”
“It’s nonsense, just say it, and quickly! Though through the rough borough the plough ought to cough!”
Stumbling a bit over the odd phrase, Cass said, “Aiyana Cassidy Foster-Briggs, though through the rough borough the plough ought to cough.” 
A second emerald indicator lit. Removing her hand from the biometric sampler, she said, “Now, what was that about?”
“Apparently, that phrase covers enough of your usual speech patterns to ensure that the system will recognize any spoken command. And, until we get your implant synced up, the other biometrics will allow you access to the house.”
“This is your house?” Cass said bitingly. “Not much in the way of furnishings, is there?”
“Ah, in the words of the philosopher Bachman Turner, you ain’t seen nothing yet!” Kendra’s mischievous grin was infectious, and Cass felt herself smiling back. 
“Right through here, my dear!” With a magician’s wave, another door opened.
The room beyond was astonishing. Kendra’s eyes twinkled as Cass took in the room.
Cass knew that she was hundreds of meters below ground in a centuries-old abandoned railroad tunnel. The “windows” set into the walls showed the outside as it would appear on the surface. The walls were paneled in a dark wood, with comfortable-looking furniture grouped in conversation areas. The ceiling was low, about two-and-a-half meters, and Cass commented on it. 
“Oh, there’s a second floor. The tunnel is about six meters tall and almost eight across, though we used seven of that. Supports, reinforcing the old brickwork, and a few other mechanical things take the rest of the space.”
““We”?” asked Cass.
“OutLook and I. What’d you think, I had someone else stashed away down here?”
“No, but why all the furniture? It seems like an awfully big space for one person.”
“It is, but, well, you’ll see. This is sort of a public area, where I could be debriefed without getting into the rest of the place. Through that wall,” Kendra pointed to the west, opposite their entrance. “There’s a huge kitchen and dining area. All the bells and whistles you want, from replicators to an old-fashioned wood-fired brick oven set into the original tunnel wall. A huge freezer, too. I paid an arm and a leg for it, but it’ll keep my dinners frozen until the next ice age. Then, further along, there’s a lounge and hot tub.”
“Wow! That’s a lot of space!”
“There’s lots of space to use down here. I own the entire tunnel, one end to the other, and if it didn’t get done at the beginning, it wouldn’t get done at all. Then there’s upstairs.” The entire time she talked, Kendra walked to another hidden door, which she now opened. A short flight of stairs led them up.
“This is where I spend most of my time when I’m here,” said Kendra, clearing the door at the top. “Do you like it?”
Cass couldn’t answer. The sight before her was beyond anything she expected.
It was a bedroom, which didn’t do it justice. To call it a bedroom would have been like calling the Coliseum a “sports venue.” It was the absolute epitome of all things bedroom, from the oversized bed to the reading corner, the walls of books to the integrated entertainment area. Cass’s gaze kept returning to the bed. Supported by exquisitely carved mahogany posts, the bed dominated the room without effort, as a lion dominated the savannah.
“There’s a “fresher through the far door,” said Kendra. “All the amenities. Just one little problem,” she admitted with a frown.
“What?” managed Cass, finding her voice again.
“I’ve never figured out if two people could fit into the shower. Or the bath. I think so, but there’s never been anyone I brought down here I wanted to find out with. Until now.”
Kendra glanced down, then brought her eyes back up to meet Cass’s with a wicked gleam. “Or would you rather hear about how this place was built?”
“You owe me a back scrub. Now seems like a perfect time to collect. And I’m sure I can find something better to do with that mouth of yours.”
Chapter 17: Lies, Damn Lies, And Reporters

The following two days were as near to heaven as Cass figured she’d ever get.
Neither talked about their pursuers or the risk to their lives. They gave themselves to each other, experiencing completeness that neither ever expected to find. Both knew this idyll couldn’t last, as the sweetest grapes grow on the rocky slopes of a volcano, but neither would acknowledge the rumblings below. At least, not for a time.
The morning of the third day, though, dawned differently. Kendra logged into a secured terminal for the first time to poke a cautious eye towards the world outside her bunker.
“Some good news, Cass,” she said after a perusal.
Cass glanced up from one of the books she had liberated from Kendra’s library. “That would be a switch.”
“We’re in the news.”
Book forgotten, Cass jumped up and crossed to Kendra. “That’s good? Ken, sometimes I worry about your ideas.”
“It’s good.” Kendra paused the feed. “Our wedding was big news for a small town. I know for a fact there were at least two nosies there, maybe more I didn’t recognize. And, you gotta admit, it was a pretty dramatic departure. That kind of thing shows up.”
“Wouldn’t whoever’s trying to kill me try to shut that down?” Cass wondered.
“You’ve got it!” Kendra beamed.
“No, I don’t.”
Patiently, Kendra explained. “If they wanted you dead, then yes, the whole thing should have just disappeared, you know? Keep it quiet, pretend it never happened. Who really saw anything besides you? You saw a gun and heard shots, but I’ll bet everyone there just saw us break and run. Why? Who knows? Sure as hell they don’t. And that’s pretty much how the story reads.” She shunted the feed to a padd near Cass. “Go ahead, take a look.”
She waited while Cass read the brief article.
“Miserable bitch!” exclaimed Cass when she finished. “She makes us look either crazy or stupid!”
“Oh, the writer? She does,” admitted Ken. “What do you expect from her? Mysti always wanted to be a mystery writer. We gave her a couple real-life runaway brides, and you expect her to hold back?”
“But I’ve known Parker for years! She knows me better than that!”
“She sees you as a story, maybe even her big break. Did you read any of the follow-up stories?”
“I’m almost afraid to.”
“Well, they can wait. My point is if HLC or whoever’s behind this wanted you dead, then maybe the first article gets out, maybe not, but the subsequent ones? Not a chance. No, this means that HLC wants you under their thumb, wants to keep the pressure up to let you know they haven’t forgotten. They’re hoping you make a mistake. They made one oversight.”
“What’s that?”
“They didn’t count on me. Nobody knows about OutLook or my involvement with them, other than you.” Kendra looked troubled for a moment, but it passed.
Cass shivered. “We’d better not screw up then.”
“My thoughts too. And it also gives us some leverage if we can get to your buddy Lisa.”
“How secure is your server?”
“How secure is the gold in Fort Knox? Security is what I do, chica.”
“Out of the way, then. I need the keyboard.” Cass took possession of the system with a sureness that had been lacking. Fingers flew over the keys, almost faster than Kendra could follow. She whistled, low and approving.
“Damn. This is second nature, isn’t it?”
“Shush. You had your secret skills. Well, I have a few too.” Cass continued to type. “Remember my time at MIT?”
“Yeah. You had a dozen different accounts. Never knew which one to look for.”
“Yep, had to. My parents? Let’s say that their displeasure was active for a while.”
“Oh, honey, I didn’t know.”
“Nobody did,” Cass said brusquely. “Didn’t really want to think about it. Anyway. Kept them, too. Locked them up, pinched them off the main system, then threw away the records, anything that would link them back to me. Once I get in.…” She growled at the recalcitrant terminal. “HAL’s being a prick, I haven’t used these accounts in years, and he’s a bastard about security too.”
“HAL?”
“MIT and their sense of humor, what can I say? Ah, that’s it.” Fingers flew again. “If Lisa checks her email, and this doesn’t bounce into spam, and she remembers the bender we went on when her boyfriend dumped her? We ought to hear from her pretty soon.” She stopped typing. “Then what do I tell her?”
“My turn. Gimme.” Catching a quick kiss in passing, Kendra fell to the task at hand, explaining as she went. She opened up a new window, leaving Cass’s work intact. “Here’s what I think. They need you alive to develop your idea. Or at least, they’d prefer you alive. The problem is there’s a copy of your research somewhere inside their network. At least one copy, probably more.” 
“Right, the one they stole from my computer.”
“We steal it back. I have some worms here that I can reprogram to invade their system and wipe out any trace of your work. It won’t help if they’ve got an isolated copy, but I can have it spread throughout their whole network. If they plug their copy into an infected terminal, it’s gone.”
“But I don’t remember all the details!”
“So? We get in and get a copy of our own before wiping it from the system. That’s easy. All I need is a backdoor.”
“Can’t you just hack in?”
Kendra continued typing, not as quickly as Cass, but her fingernails still beat out a staccato.
“I can,” she admitted. “The problem with that is getting traced back while I break in, and I’d really rather keep this place secret, or at least safe. I like it here.”
Cass’s face lit. “Ah! Lisa opens the backdoor for us -”
“- My worm slips in and does its dirty work. Then at least we have some leverage if everything goes to pot.”
“Got it now. Did anyone ever tell you you’re pretty good at this secret agent stuff?”
Kendra sat back and flexed her fingers, finished with her reprogramming. “Not lately. Not that I cared about.”
“Well, while we’re waiting for Lisa, let me express my gratitude.” Cass closed the distance between them and took Kendra’s face in her hands. 
Chapter 18: Reach Out and Touch Someone

To Cass’s disappointment, Lisa’s reply was quick to arrive. 
““What the fuck happened to you?” Well, it’s to the point,” mused Cass, reading it aloud.
“Tell her. No names or places, but I think she’s looking for a reason to trust you.”
Cass muttered the message as she typed. ““Hard to explain. Problems with work, but not really. Remember my pet project? It might be feasible. That’s scaring some heavy hitters. Had to get out of town fast. Am OK, she’s with me, but he isn’t. I need a favor.” Vague enough?”
“That’ll do. You sure Lisa will understand?”
“We talked about our projects several times a week. She knew I was working towards practical teleportation. She knew about the wedding.”
“Why wasn’t she there?” Kendra sounded suspicious. “If she’s such a good friend?”
“She just came back from sabbatical, and she’s got a month of work on her desk.”
“Sorry. It’s a professional hazard. In my experience, there’s no such thing as coincidences in this business.”
“Except when there are.”
“I suppose. You trust her?”
“Almost as much as you.”
“Send it.”
Chapter 19: Unexpected Visitors

The master alarm sounded, a jarring, discordant klaxon, flashing red lights, and a calm feminine voice saying, “Red Alert! Red Alert!”
“What’s that!?” exclaimed Cass, jumping to her feet.
“Silence alarm!” shouted Kendra. The din ceased, though the lights continued to flash. “It’s a perimeter alert. Come on, we’ve got to get to the control room.”
“Can’t you deal with it from here?”
“Deal with it, yes, but all the sensors are down there.” Kendra left the room at a run, leaving Cass little choice but to follow. Kendra was already bent over the controls when Cass caught up, examining the data.
“What – is – it?” panted Cass.
“Looks like a couple kids poking around the old ventilation house,” answered Kendra. “Don’t think it’s anything to worry about. It’s happened before.”
“Didn’t you just say there’s no such thing as coincidences?” countered Cass.
“Point. Computer. Arm active defense sequence Gamma. Connect me to HQ.” A speaker burst into life, static-filled for a moment before falling silent.
A deep male voice filled the room. “Identity.”
“Kendra Foster-Briggs. ID Foxtrot Romeo India Delta Alpha Yankee Seven Seven Zero Seven.”
Cass said, in a prison whisper, “Isn’t it Kendra Cassidy?”
Kendra replied, equally quietly, “I haven’t changed it with the office yet. Hush.”
“Voiceprint confirmed. Respond: Life is short.”
“But the years are long.”
“Identity confirmed. How can I help you, Agent?”
“I am in active protection mode, subject Aiyana Cassidy Foster-Briggs. Possible incursion against secure location in progress. Defensive systems activated, but human intervention by outside agency desired.”
“Call the cops, in other words.” The voice held a tinge of humor. “You’re always by the book, Kendra.”
“Just get them out here, will you, Tom? It could just be a couple kids; if so, I’d rather have the locals take care of them instead of revealing what this place can do.”
“Roger that.” A momentary pause, then Tom continued. “An anonymous call has been placed with the deputy closest to the property. He should be on-scene in a few minutes. Are they doing anything worrying?”
Kendra checked the monitors. “No, just poking around the old controls.”
“Keep the link open, just in case. Lamparty, out.” The voice cut off, but the static didn’t return.
The tense minutes crawled past. Then there was a change in the way the kids stood.
“Looks like they heard something. Yep, there he is.” Kendra pointed. A uniformed figure entered the ruined control room. Both boys looked stricken before bowing their heads to whatever the officer was saying.
“I can imagine it now, can’t you? “Boys, what are you doing up here? Don’t you know this is private property? I ought to take you two back to the station, let you sit in a cell for a while before I give your parents a call -”“
Cass laughed. “You remember that night too?”
“How could I forget? Old Man Ringo’s run-down shack, out on Long Lake? I nearly peed myself when those flashlights lit us up!”
On-screen, the two boys shuffled off to the exit, followed by the officer.
“See? Coincidences do happen. Let’s go back; maybe Lisa’s answered us.” Cass took Kendra’s arm and led her out.
Neither saw the officer drop a tiny object in the grass outside the dilapidated building.
Chapter 20: You Want What?

Lisa had responded: “How can I help? What do you need?”
“Pretty open-ended,” commented Kendra. “Okay. Explain it to her. Delicately.”
“Delicately, she says. Tell my friend delicately that I need her to help us violate security at the company she still works for.” Cass thought, then typed. When she finished, she invited Kendra to look. What she saw was:
“Open a backdoor. We need to do a little digging.”
“Delicate,” grimaced Kendra. “But it ought to get the point across.” Cass hit Send.
“Done,” came the reply, followed by an alphanumeric string.
“Digging commencing,” typed Cass. Once she was in, Kendra executed her program. Within seconds, she said, “We’ve got something.” 
Kendra opened a file. “This look like it?”
Cass peered over. “Those are my notes!”
“Can you tell if we have all of them?”
“Let me see. Hmm. Looks like we do.” She switched to another view. “Doesn’t look like anyone’s played with these copies. The dates are good, before the wedding day.”
“Download complete! Okay, I’m turning the worm loose. I’ve targeted it to attack anything in the system that went through your particular IP entryway. It’s overkill and will wipe out more than just the teleportation files. Still, it might throw them off for a while, make them think it was a broad infection from your terminal instead of a specific attack.” A few keystrokes sent the program on its way. “You can tell Lisa to close the door now. It’s in.”
Cass: “Done. Close it up.”
Lisa: “Closed. You owe me.”
Cass: “When we get home.”
Lisa: “And when is that?”
Cass: “Don’t know. Will keep in touch until then.”
Lisa: “You’d better.” 
“She’s closed the connection,” said Cass sadly. “I didn’t know what to say when she asked when we’d be home. Will we ever go home?”
“I don’t know, babe. This gives us our best chance.” 
“And what about Derek?” Cass sounded utterly miserable. “Kendra, we left him behind!”
Kendra hugged Cass close. “I know, and I didn’t want to. But there wasn’t any choice, not really.”
“But, but…!” Cass’s voice broke off into weeping. “I love him, Kendra!”
“So do I,” Kendra answered, though with less passion. She didn’t say anything else for a while, letting her wife sob, giving her what comfort Cass could find in her arms. Eventually, the tears stopped, and Cass pulled back.
Kendra looked into Cass’s eyes, relieved to see the storm had passed. “Better. Don’t forget, we’re still on our honeymoon! How about some lunch?”
Cass blinked, then protested. “It’s only ten in the morning!”
“So? Haven’t we done enough to earn something to nibble on?” Kendra leaned down and whispered, “I can think of a few things to nibble on.”
She felt Cass shiver and smiled. 
“Come on.”
Chapter 21: I Hate Paperwork

“What next? Much as I’m enjoying our time here -”
“It has been nice, hasn’t it?” mumbled a sated Kendra beside her.
“- I really want to get this whole mess taken care of.” Cass felt Ken’s head bob up and down, nodding agreement.
“I should probably check in, officially.” 
Kendra disentangled herself from Cass, letting her fingers trail longingly across her skin. 
“You’re not helping,” Cass said, gooseflesh rising under Kendra’s touch.
“No, I’m not, am I?” There was no repentance in her words at all. She emphasized her lack of remorse by standing and stretching, flexing, showing Cass every curve and line.
“Should I come back to bed?” Kendra purred.
“I think the sooner we fix this, the sooner we can get all of us into bed,” Cass countered. Kendra nodded her agreement and wrapped a filmy skirt around her waist. With deliberate motion and much swaying of her hips, she made her way down to the terminal.
Cass took the time to drop a t-shirt over her head before following Kendra down. She emerged to find Kendra setting up the secure connection.
“Babe,” Kendra said. “If I get a live link, don’t say anything until I bring you in, all right? I don’t know that they’ll need to talk to you at all, and I’m really not sure how they’ll react to you being here. I’m sure this is all classified or some similar shit, not that I particularly care.”
“I can do that,” agreed Cass. “But what about your top?”
Kendra glanced down. “The one I’m not wearing?”
“Exactly. You want this?” Cass made to pull the t-shirt off, but Kendra stopped her.
“No. They won’t care how I look, and I don’t care about being seen in my skin. But you can stand behind me and rub my shoulders while I write this up.”
“I can do that.”
For long minutes the only sounds were of Kendra typing, recording the events of the past week, punctuated by occasional moans as Cass found a good spot. With a final grimace, she sent it off.
“That’s that. Now, we wait. What do you want to do?”
“I should review my notes,” said Cass, dropping her hands and moving to another screen. “If they’re really after me for teleportation, I ought to be sure it works.”
“I thought you were sure?”
“In theory, yes, it makes sense, but that’s a long way from having a working model. I don’t want to go down in history as a footnote like cold fusion, phlogiston, luminiferous aether, and the Martian canals.”
“Okay, I was with you up to phlog-whatsis.”
“Phlogiston?”
“Yeah. That.” Kendra was saved an explanation by a ping from the terminal. “Huh. We must be on a shortlist. We’ve got a request for a little text “chat” with my supervisor.”
“That’s good, right?”
“Could be. Remember the stone bitch?”
“Yeah?” Cass was wary.
“Yeah. I report to her. Let’s find out what Amanda wants.” Kendra started towards the controls, stopped, and said, “I should probably warn you. Amanda’s not just my boss. A few months ago she was promoted, and now she’s running the show. One of the downsides to being a high-ranking agent is that there are fewer people between the big bosses and me.”
Cass thought about this. “She’s more likely to take a hard line?”
“Yeah.” 
Kendra shrugged. “She was never exactly easy-going, y’know?” Then she typed, “Agent Foster-Briggs reporting.”
“Took your time, didn’t you?”
“Damn skippy I did! It’s my honeymoon, fer gossake! I suppose I can’t type that.” Instead, she tapped out, “Regret necessity of delay to ensure the security of subject.”
““Subject”?!” hooted Cass. ““Subject”? Really?”
“Well, I can’t exactly say, “Delay caused by wanting to fool around with the love of my life,” can I? Not in a formal setting, at least. Besides, if I can pitch this as a job, then maybe I can get some official backup. If I’m doing this because I love you, then I’m likely to be out in the cold.”
Cass nodded reluctantly. “It seems very impersonal.”
“It is,” Kendra agreed. “Okay, she’s answered. “Bullshit. You just wanted a couple days off.” Huh.”
“Guess you could have,” giggled Cass.
Kendra typed, “Secure location established. Request further instructions.”
“Formalities, then. Report in person to HQ ASAP.”
“Guess the honeymoon’s over,” sighed Cass.
“Acknowledged.”
“Inform me of ETA. I want to meet Ms. Right. AT.” 
“That’s it. The connection’s been closed.” Kendra walked over to Cass and sat in her lap, arms going around her. “How do you feel about New Orleans?”
“Ken-doll.” Cass returned the embrace.
“Yes?” Kendra’s voice was a bit muffled.
For some reason, Cass had difficulty getting the next words out. “New Orleans is dead. Hurricane Alondra, back in “98, remember? Totally flooded, not worth reclamation?”
“That’s what everyone is supposed to think. Hush.”
Cass hushed. Mostly.

Chapter 22: I’m Pretty Sure They’re Not Selling Cookies

Packing didn’t take long, though they did take advantage of Kendra’s closets to expand their wardrobes considerably. 
“Remember, once we’re out, you’re Willow again, and I’m Wilma. Do you have your retinal inserts in place?”
“Done. Doesn’t seem natural, sticking these in my eyes.” They were chatting as the elevator slowly rose.
“It’s not, but they work. If we were going to do a permanent cover, we’d have retinal surgery done to match the new IDs, and that’s a pure bitch. A friend of mine in the company had it done, and she said that she had to keep her eyes covered for three days. She wore sunglasses for a week to keep the glare down. Oh, dammit!” Kendra slammed her heel on the “Stop” button.
“What?”
“I forgot something. We have to go back.” She keyed for a return to the bottom.
“What did you forget?”
“Your gun.”
“Gun? I don’t need a gun. I have you!” Cass tried to make light of it.
“I need you to have it. I might need you to cover my back. I’m good -”
“Agreed.” Cass put an extra leer into the two syllables.
“- But not invincible.”
“Wait. Shouldn’t you have a gun?”
“Who said I didn’t?”
“So why do I need one?”
“I told you: to get my back.” She took Cass’s hands in hers and looked deep into her eyes. “It’s taken me a dozen years to get hold of you again. I’m not going to do anything to lose you now.”
Cass blushed. “You say the sweetest things.”
“Besides, you’ve proved you’re good in a pinch already.” The elevator doors slid open. They deactivated the security protocols before padding deeper into the bunker.
“While you’re getting your – my – gun, I’m going to do a search.”
“Oh?” asked Kendra.
“Derek,” said Cass in a small voice. “I know you promised you’ll get him back, and I believe you! But I need to know what happened to him.”
That sobered Kendra. Yes, she loved Derek. He was fun in bed, good around the house, and always had something interesting to say. She liked him, too. But she’d never been as smitten by him as Cass. When Aiyana had proposed to them both, she felt more connected to Cass than Derek. Once they had left him behind, she hadn’t spent much time thinking about him except as a potential weakness, a way for the opposition to track them. A professional hazard, she supposed, being able to compartmentalize her life so thoroughly.
“Go ahead,” Kendra agreed. “But don’t get too involved; I won’t be long.” 
True to her word, it was bare minutes before she returned to find Cass still furiously pecking at the terminal.
“What’s wrong?”
“No connection, I can’t get any data to come up -” She was cut off by Kendra swearing before sprinting to the control room. She raced to catch up. When she arrived, Kendra was hammering at the controls.
“Frak, frak, frak!” she cursed.
“What’s going on?”
“We’re cut off!” snarled Kendra, continuing to pound buttons.
“How -”
“All the systems are on a secure,” POUND, “Dedicated,” POUND, “Hard-wired line, with a gigabit wave satellite link for a backup,” POUND! 
“There’s no way for the connection to be lost, short of a holocaust or the line being physically cut between the topside and here,” she finished.
Noticing the monitors were all black, Cass said, “That’s why we can’t see anything?”
“Yeah. Frak!” Kendra still pounded at controls in increasingly-futile gestures. “More evidence someone’s taken over topside.” 
Kendra gave up on the recalcitrant computer and moved to a different part of the console, a much older-looking section.
“What are you doing?”
“Seeing if our uninvited guests have done their homework. If they didn’t, we’re still in with a chance.”
“What -”
“Hush, mama’s working.” She slapped the terminal. “Come on, you ancient piece of crap, wake up!” 
One by one, green LEDs illuminated the console. 
“Good!” was her only comment as she keyed in commands, toggled switches, and pushed buttons. After what seemed to be hours but was really less than a minute, Kendra exclaimed, “Gotcha!” and stood up.
“Come on. It’s time to go.” She led back into the bunker, away from the elevator, into the kitchen.
“I don’t think we have time for a snack,” Cass said nervously. 
“We have more time than you think. Remember how long the elevator takes? That’s a deliberate defensive measure. There isn’t a second access from topside to here.” She grinned. “We’re not here for a snack. This way.” 
Kendra opened up her freezer.
“We can’t hide in here. They’ll find us!” Cass’s voice was panicky.
“We’re not hiding. We’re running. Close that door.” Dazed, Cass did as asked. A dim red light showed Kendra stepping towards the back corner. “Come on, Cass. I need your help with this!”
Cass shook off her paralysis and followed. “What are you doing?”
“Getting us out of here. I need you to listen carefully and do exactly as I say. We’ve only got one shot at this, then the system locks down for two minutes before resetting.”
“What do I do?”
“Lift up that carton of chocolate ice cream, put it down on top of the vanilla.” Cass did it. “Good. Now, the hamburgers behind you? Slide them to the left – left, not right!”
Cass caught herself and changed direction. “Next?”
“Last step, move the carrots to shelf directly above.”
When Cass withdrew her hand, she was shocked to see a panel drop back and slide open in the freezer wall, shelves and all. “Put everything back, then hustle. We have about thirty seconds from when the last item is back in place to get through.”
Food replaced, Cass followed Kendra through the door before it silently closed.
“What was that? And where are we?” The darkness around them was absolute.
“Here, take my hand. We have to keep moving.” Suiting actions to words, Kendra led her further into the dark. While they walked, she explained. “That was my emergency back door. It’s on a separate power supply, with independent computer controls. Even if the bunker’s computers are tapped, nothing shows up.”
“I meant the whole thing. What happened?”
“We were compromised somehow. Has to be connected to those meddling kids, though I don’t know how they did it. Doesn’t really matter now. The point is the world didn’t end, so someone cut the secure link from the outside. The only place that could happen is topside, inside the building. I paid a pretty penny to have four different lines converge here to give me plenty of redundancy. All four failing at once is a virtual impossibility. Add in the satellite system? No, if the link to the net is broken, then there are huge problems upstairs.”
They continued walking through the passage, as Kendra explained. “Of course, with the computers down, we were blind, so I had to fire up my backup system. It’s old. Would you believe it actually has a physical drive? Found it in an antique shop. It’s called a Reindeer. Anyway, it’s so old it runs on transistors. Nothing today can tap into it because it speaks a completely different language.”
“That’s what all the Christmas lights were about?”
“Yep. It’s my failsafe. Not smart enough to do any kind of active defense. I managed to slow down the elevator further, jam the doors closed at the bottom of the shaft, shut down the ventilation, and little things like that. Whoever’s dropping in won’t enjoy their stay.”
“That’s nasty, but they deserve it! Kendra, they’re going to trash your beautiful house!”
“They’ll try,” Kendra agreed. “They won’t get far. And it’s our place!” Her tone turned grim. “Don’t worry too much. OutLook will take care of our uninvited guests. An automatic alert sounded when we went off-line, and OutLook will dispatch a Quick Response Team. The only problem is, it’ll take them at least thirty minutes to get here. The People’s Republic isn’t where we usually operate.”
“And you’re sure they won’t find the door in the freezer?”
“Sure? No. But it’s as secure as I can make it. It’s not in any plans, anywhere, and the trigger sequence is most particular. No, I don’t think they’ll figure it out. Zeus willing, the QRT will catch them and sweat them for information.”
“What about us? Are we just going to wander around in the dark?”
“Oh. Babe, I’m sorry, I forgot you can’t see.”
“You can?” Cass didn’t quite gasp.
Kendra shrugged, and Cass felt it through their grasping hands. “Just a bit. My vision extends into the infrared. There are lights all along here; they’re just not visible to most people.”
“What else haven’t you told me?” said Cass darkly. “Superpowers? Able to leap tall buildings in a single bound?”
Kendra laughed. “Just short buildings with a running start and a tailwind. No, nothing else major. Um. Let me think.” They walked in silence.
“Okay. Weirdness about me. My vision. I’m rated at 20/10 and can see infrared and ultraviolet. No wisdom teeth, no cavities. Never been sick. Remember junior high? I didn’t want to be in Ms. McKnight’s English class second semester and kept trying to get mono by kissing everyone? Well, turns out I can’t catch anything. Something about my immune system makes it “very aggressive.” I’ve been told my heart is unusually large and beats unusually slowly. Oh, and my twelfth chromosome pair is wonky. It came back when my DNA was mapped. But other than that, I’m perfectly normal.” Cass could hear the smile in her voice and smiled back.
“You’re not some modified freak? One of those Enhanced Humans?”
“No, no modifications. Not even a piercing. You know that.” Kendra chuckled. “Remember your fourth birthday?”
Cass thought for a moment. “Not really. I remember you got thrown out, and I snuck over in the middle of the night to be with you.”
Kendra said, “I remember it better. Your brother was mean to you, and I found him in the kitchen and threw him across it.”
“Oh, yeah!” Cass said. “Now I do.”
“And you remember me telling you about the Hulk?”
“Big and green?”
“Yeah. Well, like him, you wouldn’t like me when I’m angry. Time slows, and my muscles go into hyperdrive.” Changing the subject, Kendra said, “We’re pretty close now.”
“Pretty close to what?”
“You’ll see in a minute.”
Chapter 23: Do You Have It in Orange?

The lights came up slowly.
“Same sensors?” asked Cass.
“You got it. If they hadn’t registered me, they would snap on and blind whoever was stumbling around.”
“So what’s the surprise – oh, my.” Cass trailed off.
“Yeah. That sums it up. Isn’t she a beauty?”
Gleaming in the rising lights was a work of art. Low, sleek curves rose from the ground, hinting at greatness. They were approaching from the back and could see the long window sloping gently to the rear. Wide low-aspect tires dominated the corners. 
“What is that?” breathed Cass.
With evident pride, Kendra said, “That is a Bugatti Veyron Super Sport. This particular one is number eighteen in a production run of thirty.”
“It’s beautiful.”
“She is,” agreed Kendra. As the lights continued their slow rise, more details were revealed. The glossy sides were bright red, while the body's center was a black so deep it felt to Cass that light simply fell into it.
“She’s everything I thought I wanted. The best ever built. Unique. Extraordinary. The freedom I feel, driving her, oh, Cass, it’s like nothing else.”
“Should I be jealous? Does she have a name, this other woman of yours?”
“Not unless you’re jealous of yourself,” confessed Kendra. 
“I call her Aiyana.” 
She glanced away, briefly embarrassed, before turning again to look at Cass. 
“I’ve always loved you. And I had to keep you in my life, somehow, even when we were apart for all those years. When I found her and had her brought back to her glory, it felt natural to name her after you.” She looked back at Cass, eyes tearing. “It’s silly, I know. I can change her name if you want.”
“Not a chance!” said Cass fiercely. “Now, stop leaking tears. You know I can’t resist you when you do that.” 
Cass gave Kendra a quick hug before releasing her. “What next, O secret agent woman?”
Pulling herself together, Kendra said, “Well, now we get out of here.” She stepped over to a wall rack to grab a keyring.
“Keys? This needs keys? No electronic entry? Biometrics?”
Kendra waved a small plastic box at her. “Not personalized, like now, no. Without this transmitter, you can’t get in, start the car, nothing.”
Dubiously, Cass asked, “How old is she?”
“She’s a century old this year.”
Cass whistled. 
“I hope I look this good at a century.” She opened her door, climbed in, and sank into the richly padded seat. “Whoa.”
“That sums her up. Ready?”
“No.”
“Good. You can’t be, anyway. Here we go.” Kendra thumbed the car to life, and a deep, throaty growling sprang up and surrounded them. Bright headlights threw stark shadows against the rough brick walls of the tunnel. Kendra shifted into gear and gently applied the gas, staying centered.
“Shouldn’t there be railroad tracks?”
“They were removed for the steel years ago. The ties were taken out, too.” They had continued to accelerate over the gravel rail bed and were now approaching forty KPH. The engine’s pitch had risen steadily, and now Kendra flicked her hand and tapped the gear shift. Instantly, the low growl resumed without any slacking in speed.
“Ken?”
“Cass?”
“What happens when we run out of tunnel?”
“You’ll see.”
“Why doesn’t that reassure me?” moaned Cass, closing her eyes.
“Don’t be such a worrywart. Just do me a favor?”
“What?”
“Hold on.” And with a savage grin, Kendra mashed her foot to the floor. The engine’s growl became a roar. The massive car leapt forward as the acceleration drove them back into their seats.
“Holy crap!” managed Cass, clutching the door handle. “Aren’t you going a little too fast?” she asked, seeing the needle whip past a hundred KPH.
“You ain’t seen nothing yet!” laughed Kendra, shifting again.
A vertical shaft of light appeared ahead, swiftly expanding to reveal the outdoors. In seconds they shot through the gap into the sunlight pouring down. They sped along the railbed for a kilometer, gradually turning north, before bursting through a line of trees onto a road.
“Where are we?” gasped Cass.
“North Adams. Still in the People’s Republic, more’s the pity. A few klicks, we’ll pick up Route Two and head West into the Empire. From there, we burn daylight until we reach Iron City. We’ll stop there for the night before heading to New Orleans.”
“Should we be going this fast?” Trees and houses passed in a blur of browns, greens, and a few brighter colors.
“Maybe not.” Kendra let up on the accelerator. “She’s got some power, though. Just wait until we get on the open road.”
“Do I want to know?”
“Twelve hundred horsepower.”
Cass’s face scrunched in concentration as she tried to recall the ancient term. “Horsepower?”
“It’s a gasoline engine, not an electric. The electric equivalent would be eight hundred and eighty kilowatts.”
“Holy mother of -”
“Top speed, back in the day, was officially four hundred thirty-one KPH, though I’ve heard stories that it could crack four forty.”
“I believe it.”
They slewed around the corner and arrowed West. “I’ll prove it, too. Later. You’re right; this isn’t the place to show off her legs.”
“She’s a little flashy, isn’t she?”
“She sure is!” agreed Kendra. “Perfect car for today. We’ll hide in plain sight. Nobody’ll notice you and me. They’ll be too busy staring at her.”
Cass relaxed. “Where are we going, again? Iron City?”
“Pittsburgh. Just for the night.”
“How romantic. A night in Pittsburgh.” Cass sighed. “Well, since you’re driving – and you have to do the driving because I don’t know how to handle a beast like this! - I may as well get back to work digging for news.”
“She’s not tough to handle. She’s more powerful than she looks,” said Kendra, glancing sideways at Cass, who grinned back. “I know I’m driving. She takes practice. I’ve got a few surprises for you, though. Open up the glove box.”
Cass did so. “Shiny! Don’t tell me this was part of the original equipment?”
“No, that’s an extra I installed when I had her rebuilt.” The glove box contained a complete, compact, powerful computer called the Roadrunner, with an expanding, flexible GlasSkin monitor and virtual optical pickup keyboard. “Top of the line. Responds to voice commands, if you want, or -” 
Cass already had it fired up and was hard at it, fingers moving through the empty air. “Love these VOP devices,” she said. “Just wish there were some tactile response.”
“I guess you’re all set, then?” laughed Kendra. “Let me know if you want to stop for anything.”
“Lunch would be nice,” murmured Cass, already getting lost in her task. “Getting out of this country would be nicer.”
“Right. Exit the Republic, then lunch. Your wish is my command, O mistress!”
“Wife,” corrected Cass.
Chapter 24: On the Road Again

Exiting the People’s Republic was easier than entry, for values of easier. It still wasn’t an experience anyone enjoyed or repeated more often than necessary. It took not quite a half hour and yet more paperwork to get the Veyron out of the country.
“Export license fee!” fumed Kendra. Eventually, they won their freedom and headed into the Empire of New York. Entry was painless, compared to Massachusetts, after crossing the half-kilometer DMZ.
Lunch was quick, simple, and cheap in a small town outside Albany. Cass brought a tablet in with them, tied to the Roadrunner, to continue her search while they ate.
“Anything yet?” said Kendra once their meals were ordered.
“Nothing. Nothing! Past that initial pack of rumors and half-truths, the day of the wedding, not a word! It’s like he disappeared!”
“Did you try -”
“I emailed Mysti, asking about follow-up, but she hasn’t replied yet.”
“I was going to suggest the police logs. Two dead bodies in a locker, remember? That ought to make the news, or at least the public side of the police blotter.”
“I try not to, but that’s a good idea.” Poke, poke, drag, pinch, poke. Wait. “Nothing.”
“That is odd,” admitted Kendra. 
“Unsettling, too. There should have been something by now. Unless.” Cass’s voice stopped.
“Unless what?”
“What if they took Derek? Not the police, HLC.”
“Derek has more money than god, Cass. He may have bought his way out of the spotlight,” suggested Kendra dubiously.
“You don’t believe that. I can hear it in your voice.”
“No. I think you’re right. I think whoever hired those goons grabbed Derek, disposed of the bodies, and buried the whole thing. Now…” Her voice trailed off on a speculative note.
“Now, what?”
Kendra waited while their plates were brought to them. Only when they were alone again did she continue.
“There’s nothing we can do, not here, not with this equipment. Our best chance, our only chance, is to get to New Orleans as quick as we can and hope OutLook can help us.”
“What if he’s hurt?” Her worry showed plainly, and Kendra’s response was as calming as she could make it.
“You’re valuable to them. Derek’s valuable to you. Us. Whoever has him should treat him well.”
“Should.”
Kendra’s patience slipped. “Dammit, Cass, what do you want from me? Go charging across the country to Zeus-only-knows where, break in, spring Derek, and go riding off into the sunset? I may be a secret agent, but I’m not James Bond!”
“Who?”
“Never mind. The point is, I can’t do anything alone. I need my company’s help if we want to find Derek and figure out what happened.” Kendra paused, seeing the hurt in Cass’s eyes. “I miss him too, but we have to concentrate on one thing at a time. First, Pittsburgh. Tomorrow, New Orleans.”
“How long will it take to get to Pittsburgh?”
“Depends on you, honey.”
“On me?”
“The safe route, the slow route, is down towards the City, through the Delaware Water Gap into Pennsylvania, then south and west across the state, avoiding the radiation around the Philadelphia strike. Probably take us the rest of the day. It’s, what, noon? Might get there by nine. We have to go through some pretty heavily populated areas, and the roads aren’t the greatest.”
“And the other choice?”
“If we stay in the Empire, we can take the Thruway towards the remains of Buffalo, then almost due south to Pittsburgh.”
Cass tried to visualize the route. “Is it shorter?”
“Time-wise, for us, absolutely. Distance, not so much. Actually, it’s about fifty kilometers further.”
“I’m all for faster.”
“Well, there’s the problem with the Thruway. It used to be a National road, but it was purchased in the Eighties and privatized. It’s the best road across, condition-wise, but there are no rules, no laws, and no enforcement.”
“None?”
“None. I’ve heard tell of highwaymen, roving bands of thugs that try to force people off the road, shit like that. No speed limit, which works for us. We ought to be able to blow past anything out there. If not, I have a couple tricks up my sleeves.”
“What sleeves?”
Kendra looked down at her tank top and smiled. “Point.”
“How much shorter would it be?”
“We’ll have to stop for gas a few times. Pushing Aiyana hard burns gas something awful, but we come out ahead. Overall, it’ll add a bit, but I’d say, oh, in time for tea. Call it four.”
Cass wiped her lips, set down the napkin, and stood. “I’m ready. Let’s see how many of those highwaymen we can embarrass.”
“That’s my girl!” Kendra dropped some bills on the table. “Time to hit the road.”
Chapter 25: Traveler’s Advisory in Effect

“Lovely,” commented Cass as they whisked past the sign at the entrance. “How much did we just pay for our toll?”
“Fifty Cuomos,” said Kendra. “About thirty Sonoran credits. Course, I didn’t have any credits, at least none I wanted to admit to, so I had to use five hundred United States dollars.”
She grimaced. 
“And we have to pay again in Utica, Syracuse, and Rochester.” The grimace vanished, replaced by a mischievous grin. “Trust me, it’s worth it. Watch.” 
Her heavy foot crushed the accelerator to the floor, her nimble fingers flicked through the gears, and Cass felt the old car respond. The needle flicked past a hundred KPH, then two hundred, then three hundred before slowing and steadying around three fifty. Despite their speed, the interior was comfortable, even cozy. While she wouldn’t call the engine “purring,” it was less than the banshee howl Cass expected.
“How can you keep track of the other cars?” she asked in amazement.
“I cheat,” grinned Kendra. “Constant real-time position fix, scaled on a heads-up display, with lidar painting of the other vehicles on the road. Plus, I’m damned good.”
Less than a half-hour later, they neared Utica. “Time for a fill-up,” announced Kendra. “She’s fast and beautiful, but I told you she gets thirsty.”
“How do the tires hold up to this?”
“New technology?” Kendra shrugged as she steered them towards the exit. “I don’t know, but I remember hearing that the original tires would need to be replaced after driving this fast.”
They pulled off into a service area. The robotic attendant directed them to an isolated pump, past the hydrogen and biodiesel pumps, and well away from the quick recharge stations.
“Why are we over here?”
“Gasoline engine. Petrochemical. Doesn’t mix well with electricity and sparks. Plus, I think it’s a holdover from the Green War in the Seventies. There’s a stigma in owning one of these old oil-burners.”
The fueling was quick, if expensive and smelly, and they were soon back on the road.
“Should we try for four hundred?” asked Kendra with a wicked smile.
“No, three fifty’s fast enough for me,” managed Cass. “Not that I don’t trust your driving, dear, but I don’t think pushing a century-old car near its mechanical limits is a wise idea.”
“I suppose not. Ready for another run?”
“Ready.”
“Next stop, Syracuse!”
The second leg was much shorter, only fifteen minutes, but they stopped for fuel again.
“I don’t dare run out between Syracuse and Rochester,” Kendra said darkly. “The population really thins out. If I were a highwayman, that’s where I’d be waiting.” After filling up, she pulled off to a quiet area to plan.
Cass’s voice had a nervous edge, though she tried to hide it. “You really think there are highwaymen? Preying on the traffic?”
“Hope for the best, prepare for the worst,” evaded Kendra. “Just in case, you ought to take this.” She reached into her bag, pulled out a small pistol, handed it to Cass. “This is a Colt Shredder, the best small civilian flechette gun on the market today.” 
The barrel ended with a wide mouth to allow the spinning centimeter-wide discs room to exit. At the same time, the handle was more rounded than a traditional projectile weapon to allow for the magazine. 
“Semi-automatic and will fire as quickly as you can pull the trigger. Lethal out to about twenty-five meters, but not very accurate past ten meters. If anything happens, thumb off the safety, here, and fire.”
Cass took it and examined its lethal lines. “Not much stopping power, is it?”
“No, but you hit someone with it, they’ll know it. You expecting some old chemical-powered thunderer?”
“No. I guess I didn’t know what to expect.” She tucked it into her bag. “Won’t I get in trouble for having this?”
“Not in the Empire. That’s why I waited until now. You don’t need any permit, or license, to carry here. In the People’s Republic? The application is a half-centimeter thick!”
“Why did you have it?”
“I filled out one of those miserable forms, then another for multiple carry, and a third for concealed carry. I wasn’t going to leave them behind or you unprotected.”
“What do you have? Can I ask?”
“It’s a custom piece,” Kendra said, pulling it from her bag. “Dual magazine, dual-barreled, dual-ammo. Four-position safety: on, mag one, mag two, both.”
“What does it fire? It doesn’t look like mine.” Cass reached for it, but Kendra pulled it back.
“It wouldn’t. The bottom barrel is a needler.” The muzzle was barely two millimeters across. “High-velocity darts. I have them loaded with explosive tips, but I can switch out to frags or armor-piercing.”
“And the top?” The top barrel was a few centimeters longer and had a wider opening.
“Plasma gun. It's very illegal in the PRM, so it’s officially listed as a gas discharge tube for the needles. Doesn’t make any sense, but they don’t know shit from Shinola about guns.”
“Good lord. You don’t do things by halves, do you?”
Kendra shrugged. “Limited capacity. Each mag is only good for a half-dozen full-power shots. The plus side is I can burn the glacis off a tank at fifty meters.”
“And you think I need a gun? You’re a walking fusion bomb!”
“I need someone to cover my back, remember?”
Cass just shook her head. “How about we just get back on the road?”
“Good idea.”
Chapter 26: Traffic Sucks

They passed Seneca Lake, about seventy klicks shy of Rochester, when the traffic died away.
“Not good,” said Kendra, checking the lidar. “Not good at all. Cass, try the phone? Dial a number, anyone.”
Cass did, then shook her head. “Nothing. Not even an out-of-service message. That’s funny. The signal strength is good.”
“It’s masked. Old trick. You overlay a radio signal with a stronger one of your own.” Kendra’s eyes flicked from ahead to her instruments to the mirrors as she spoke. “Maybe they’ll stand off since they can’t catch us on the ground.” 
A sudden flash from the lidar screen caught her eye. “Or maybe not. Shit. Cass? Buckle up. Tight.”
“Why?” Cass said as she added the supplemental five-point harness to her belt.
“Rolling blockade ahead. Eight big rigs, shoulder to shoulder. Looks like they’re making about sixty KPH. We’ll be on top of them in less than a minute.”
“What are you going to do?”
“Pull out one of my tricks. I just hope it’s enough.” Kendra let up on the accelerator, deployed a small panel by her knee, and spoke rapidly. 
“We’re only going to have one shot at this, and it’s going to go fast, so let me tell you what I hope will happen. I have a one point twenty-one gigawatt laser mounted to fire through the front grille. It’s hooked to capacitor packs that are placed throughout the car. The capacitors will completely discharge with the shot. They’ll give us about fifteen seconds of power, but then we’ll have to recharge. That happens as we drive, but it takes time. I also have to divert coolant from most of the ten radiators to pull heat from the laser instead of the engine. Otherwise? We melt the front end. Of course, that means we’ll be limited in speed to about a hundred KPH until the laser cools enough to switch them back.”
Cass’s pale skin went paler. “How long is that?”
“Don’t know. I’ve never fired it. In any case, I’m going to align us with the far left rig and hope it swerves into the rig next to it, making enough of a clearing that we can scoot through.”
“And if not?”
“If it doesn’t? Then we’ll try plan B.”
“Which is?”
“I’ll tell you after we try plan A.”
The dark line of trucks came into view as they crested a small hill. Daylight was barely visible between their boxy shapes as the drivers maintained less than a meter’s separation between them. As they came closer, details could be made out.
“Shit,” muttered Kendra. “Stupid! I should have figured….”
Cass squinted. “Are those guns?”
“Got it in one. Look like heavies, maybe fifty calibers. I see at least two Vulcans, no, make that three, one on each flank and one in the center.” Carefully, she slowed to match speed with the rigs and maintained separation, holding at about three kilometers.
“Okay, then, plan B. We turn around and run.” She downshifted and cranked the wheel hard around, tires screaming in protest before gripping again and hurling them the way they came. “Just a little detour. Might cost us – oh frak me running!”
“What now?”
“It’s a trap, and we’re boxed in! The lidar’s painting another row of rigs headed right towards us and about ten klicks ahead.” Downshifting and spinning the wheel again, Kendra growled, “Fine! They want us? Let’s see if they can handle us.”
“Ken?” Cass said nervously.
“Laser time again. But we’re gonna go right up their gut.” She centered the Bugatti on the center truck and dropped the speed again. “Okay. Capacitor charge, check. Radiator flow redirected, check. Laser cycling up.” 
With each check, she pressed a button on the knee panel. 
“Here goes nothing. Firing.” And she stabbed down at the final button.
There was no dramatic beam of light stabbing out from the nose of the car, but a subtle hum added to the engine's noise. The effects on the truck were far more noticeable. First, the tail of the truck bed glowed red, then white, then simply evaporated. As Kendra continued her pursuit, the glowing patch tracked up and down the body of the truck. The fixed mount swayed from side to side with the movements of the Bugatti. Ammo cooked off, the barrel of the Vulcan drooped and melted. Kendra held the car steady for maybe two seconds, but that allowed the laser to burn through the heavy rear axles. Finally, as the gauge on the capacitor plummeted towards zero, they hit a bump. The beam jerked up and to the left, penetrating the cab and punching a five-centimeter hole diagonally through the driver from hip to shoulder. The top of the torso flopped into the seat next to his legs, still clutching half the steering wheel, eyes wide in shock.
The driverless, uncontrolled rig crashed to the left. The right-side truck swerved farther over to avoid whatever just happened to the center unit. Kendra pressed the gas with a whoop, and the Veyron accelerated.
“Don’t forget about the radiators!” shouted Cass.
Sparing a glance down at the knee panel, Kendra noted the temperature falling slowly, too slowly for her liking. “No worries. Even at a hundred KPH, we can outrun these beasts.” 
She plunged the car into the smoke and confusion.
The center truck continued its swerve towards the median, pushing its left-hand neighbors with it. The driver of the outside rig, furthest from the chaos, braked behind the wobbling tonnage of metal just in time to see the Veyron zip through the smoke. Thinking clearly, the driver radioed to the other trucks.
“This is Leo in truck one! Target has passed the line. Repeat. The target has passed the line and is moving fast!”
“Leo, this is Kevin in truck seven. How did they get past you?”
“Don’t know. Truck four just went to pieces and slammed into Nova’s rig. I don’t know if she will pull out of it or not. She’s pretty tangled with George in truck two.” The three trucks ground to a halt as he spoke, now well behind them. Two more trucks from the right side were also shuddering to a stop, leaving just three in pursuit of the fleeing car.
The grounded trucks started checking in.
“This is Nova. Get that bitch!”
“Simon, truck three. I saw those bitches as they passed me. Teach ‘em a lesson!”
“Kevin, you with me?” Leo’s rig began accelerating ponderously.
“Right behind you, Leo. Brad?”
The final still-mobile driver checked in. “On my way.”
In the Veyron, Kendra was frustrated. 
“If the engine were cooler, I could go faster. That would cool down the laser, but I can’t go faster because the radiators are all trying to cool the laser! Gah!”
“Uh, Ken? We might have company soon.” Cass was turned around, peering over the engine through the rear window. “Looks like three trucks made it through the mess you made.”
“They’re gaining?” Kendra couldn’t believe it.
“They’re gaining,” agreed Cass, swiveling and dropping into her seat. “Any more tricks?”
“One, but I’d rather not use it.”
“Why not?”
“It’s a self-destruct system.”
“Yeah. Don’t use that.”
A line of tracers screamed overhead. 
“That does it! They are not shooting up my car! I’m diverting the radiators back to the engine!” She threw the switches that redirected the coolant flow. “Let’s hope we can get enough speed to cool the laser naturally.” 
She flattened the accelerator. 
“I think it’s time for maximum effort,” Kendra grunted as she was smacked back into the seat. In seconds, the trucks were fading away behind them.
“Two hundred!” she called out a moment later.
“Three hundred!”
“Three hundred and seventy-five! Woo-hoo!” She held the outrageous speed for a full five minutes before releasing her foot and allowing the Veyron to slow. The towers of Rochester appeared on the horizon. Only then did Kendra feel they’d eluded the danger the highwaymen presented.
“Change of plans,” she said, sliding to the exit lane. “We’re getting off the Thruway before we refuel. There’s a decent road that’ll take us south from here. It’s a little out of the way, but we can link up with Eighty-Six before hitting Seventy-Nine near Erie.”
“Fine by me, but why?”
“Couple reasons. I don’t want to give those jerks another shot at us. We put a lot of ground between us, yes, but they’ll make up most of that while we refuel. They might even pass us, and I don’t think they’ll fall for our trick again. Plus, they still have the rear rolling blockade. I suspect they’re going to shoot first and loot the bodies after.”
“I forgot about the other trucks. What was the other reason?”
“Buffalo’s not a Nice Place anymore. Not after the Border War. Damn Canucks trashed it pretty well. Emperor said that it’s “safe and secure” now, but that’s one of those classic lines. You know the ones. “I’m from the government. I’m here to help.”“
““The check’s in the mail.”“
““I won’t come,” uh, that is,” and Kendra blushed. “You get my drift. I don’t think it’s safe, and I don’t want to risk another encounter with the highwaymen.”
“So, South?”
“South.” Kendra steered them towards safer roads, leaving the Thruway behind. The highwaymen waited, lurking just past the service area entrance overnight, before finally giving up and looking for prey with fewer fangs.
Chapter 27: I Promise I Won’t Speed

The rest of that day’s journey was uneventful. 
Exit from the Empire was as easy and informal as the entry. Their official passage into the United States was similarly routine. It took longer, using the minor roadways, but they arrived in Pittsburgh well before sundown. Kendra splurged on a luxury suite at the Parkway, a tall, glittering, glass-clad structure in the heart of the Golden Triangle.
Their room was spacious, comfortable, and equipped with the inevitable terminal. Cass was all for using it to do more digging into Derek’s fate, but Kendra vetoed it. 
“We’ve had a hellacious day. All I want to do is relax and forget.”
Cass saw the lie in her eyes and knew that Kendra had no intention of forgetting the highwaymen but agreed a quiet night would suit her as well. They took their supper in the hotel restaurant, two women seeking solace in good food, good wine, and good conversation. The night ended with Cass drifting off to sleep in Kendra’s arms.
Cass was right, of course. 
Kendra eased from their bed and attacked the terminal as soon as Cass was asleep, searching for any links between their near-fatal Thruway encounter to their presumed pursuers. Something nagged at her. Something didn’t add up, but she couldn’t figure out where or what. At midnight, knowing another long day’s drive lay ahead, she surrendered and climbed back into bed. Eventually, she slept.
#
“Wake up, sleepyhead!” Kendra was obscenely cheerful.
“Hunf?” was Cass’s reply.
“Come on, we’re burning daylight!” Kendra hit her with a pillow. 
“Wha time’zit?” The light through the windows was decidedly grey.
“Four-thirty, come on! We’ve got a long, long way to go today, and if you’re really nice to me, I might, I say might, no promises! I might let you drive the Veyron.”
Cass managed to sit upright, covers dropping onto her lap. “You don’t expect me to drive as fast as you, do you?”
That elicited a laugh. “Honey, if you manage to hit two hundred KPH, I’ll eat, well, you can choose what I eat!”
Cass leered. “You’re on.”
Showering, dressing, and packing seemed to take no time at all. By five they were on the road again. When the sun finally peeked over the eastern horizon, they were near Columbus.
“Why are we headed West? I thought we were going to New Orleans.”
“Long story or short?”
“You said we have a long day ahead.”
“Okay, long. This goes back to school. You remember Allen?”
“Allen,” mused Cass. “Yates? I remember him. He was with us, from, what, first grade? Got really big in middle school? I mean, like, huge?”
“Yeah, that’s him. Allen Yates. Remember, the football coach tried every year to get him to play?”
“And every year, Allen’d tell him, oh, how did he say it?”
““I’d rather die a thousand deaths than participate in a sport that contributes to intellectual stagnation.” That’s him. Well, I had the biggest crush on him.”
Cass answered, “I know.”
“You knew? I never told you. I never told anyone!”
“You didn’t have to tell anyone. It was soooo obvious!”
“Anyways,” warned Kendra, “I never did anything about it, then we graduated, and I went to the Coast, and he moved away too.”
They’d pulled into a filling station. The conversation paused while they took care of necessities. When they’d refilled, Kendra picked up the tale.
“A few years later, I must have been nineteen or twenty. I took a vacation. I’d been working non-stop and was just about burned out. Doesn’t matter how much you love doing something, you do it too long? You need a break.”
“Agreed.” Cass remembered some grueling years as she established herself at HLC.
“I didn’t know exactly what I wanted to do and was just sitting around the apartment for a day or so when I thought of Allen. I was young and impulsive. I threw some clothes in a bag and took off. I thought I remembered hearing that he’d moved to Atlanta or somewhere else down South, so I headed there first. Don’t ask me what I was thinking. I don’t know. It’s not like ten million people live there, and I didn’t have a comm code, address, or nothing. Like I said, young and impulsive. But not stupid.” Kendra sensed Cass’s skepticism and corrected herself. “Not completely stupid. After a couple hours of wandering around places I thought he might have liked, I woke up, went to a public terminal, and paid to have a search done.”
Cass noticed Kendra’s knuckles whiten as she clenched the steering wheel.
“He was in some crappy hospital in what had to be the worst part of town. If it wasn’t the worst, I don’t want to know what was. In any case, he was in ICU. He was hooked up to so many machines, he looked like a spider sitting in a web, but no spider ever looked that bad.” Kendra’s voice dropped, deepened, and took on a rasp of pain. “Cass, some redneck motherfuckers took baseball bats to him in a bar a week before. They beat the shit out of him, broke every rib on his left side, punctured a lung, broke both legs and knees, shattered one arm and his face! His face looked like a piece of rotten meat. And all because he was black and asked a stuck-up bitch if he could buy her a drink!”
Kendra choked back a sob before continuing. 
“I stayed with him for three days, Cass, and he never woke up. I felt him dying, and I couldn’t do a fucking thing about it!” Tears dripped from her eyes, but her voice never wavered. “He died with me holding his hand. I hope he knew I was there. I like to think he did. He was part of my ohana.”
“I remember,” Cass whispered. “You, me, Allen, Lyssa.”
Angrily, she wiped the tears away. “That’s why we’re headed West. I won’t go into the New Confederacy if I can help it. I’ve only been there twice, officially. Both times were assassinations, and I have to admit, they brought me more pleasure than any other job I’ve done for OutLook.”
Cass tried to object. “But it wasn’t -”
“I know it wasn’t every person who killed Allen, but it’s their culture. When they broke away, it’s like they abandoned every moral, every scruple, that the countries around them still hold. They’re sick and perverted, and I can’t forgive them for it. That’s why, even though it’ll take us an extra six hundred klicks, we’re going the long way around.”
The car was silent for a time as the scenery whisked by. At long last, Cass spoke.
“Did they ever catch the people who did it?”
“Oh, yeah, they even turned themselves in. “Drunk & Disorderly,” ten days.” Kendra’s tone was bitter.
“Ten days? That’s all?”
“Remember what I said? “Officially”? I’ve made a few other trips off the books.”
“And?”
Kendra was harsh. “Six for six.”
Cass thought about this as the kilometers sped past. 
“Good,” she finally decided, and Kendra nodded.
By Indianapolis, the mood had lightened. 
“I think -” began Cass, then stopped.
“You think? That’s what got us in this mess,” joked Kendra.
“I think I want to try.”
“Try what, sweet?”
“Driving.”
Kendra’s head swiveled. “You sure about that?”
“No. This is probably the best chance I have, isn’t it?”
“True. The road’s pretty well straight and flat from here to St. Louis.”
“Then let’s switch places.”
Kendra’s grin touched her eyes and her voice. “You’ve got it. We need to refuel again.”
The station stop was soon upon them, and Cass settled herself into the driver’s seat while Kendra took care of the gas. The chair needed some adjustment for her greater height, but she soon had it where she wanted and took the wheel. The controls looked intimidating. 
“You ready?” said Kendra, settling in the passenger side.
“Not really,” admitted Cass. “I haven’t driven a gas-powered car in forever.”
“It’s easy, even this beauty. Okay, down here’s the ignition.” Kendra pushed a button at the bottom of the center console. The engine began to growl again. 
“This is your gear shift.” She put her hand on the stick, smack in the middle of the console. “You don’t have to use it if you don’t want to; the car will drive as an automatic.”
“You shifted,” Cass pointed out.
“I’ve driven her before. You haven’t. But if you want to try, all you have to do is tap the stick away from you to shift up to the next gear or pull it towards you to downshift.”
Cass turned her attention to the dashboard. “What about this other dial?”
“Which one?”
“Far left, bottom. I recognize the others: oil temperature, fuel state, speedometer, tachometer.”
“I don’t know what you’d call that one. It measures how much horsepower you’re using.”
“So, showing off.”
“Basically. Don’t worry about anything else. I’ll handle the climate controls, music, stuff like that. You just keep us on the road.”
“I’ll try. Buckled in?”
“With you driving? Damn skippy. I still remember you rolling your dad’s Ford going up the driveway.”
“Hey, it was slippery. It was winter!”
“Excuses,” Kendra scoffed.
The Veyron still in Neutral, Cass pressed lightly on the accelerator, testing. The needles quivered, the growl rose, then subsided as she released it. 
“Here goes.” She shifted into Drive and pulled away.
“So far, so good!” Aiyana said when they’d cleared the station. Kendra just laughed.
“A little more gas, honey. We have to be doing a hundred KPH by the time we merge.”
“A hundred? Ought to be able to manage that…” she muttered.
The merge was successful. At first, Cass stayed glued to the far right, getting a feel for the Veyron’s handling. She soon grew more confident, pulling to the center lane and passing slower-moving vehicles. They elicited their share of stares, though they weren't sure whether for the car or themselves. 
Kendra said, “Cass, don’t forget, the speed limit here’s only seventy MPH.” 
“That’s what, about a hundred and ten KPH?”
“About that. Always throws me, the U.S. holding on to the old system.”
“So does the People’s Republic,” Cass reminded her. “When they’re not measuring in smoots.”
“What’s a smoot? Wait. Tell me later. My point is, it’s backward. Ignorant. Stubborn.” Kendra peered across. “But you’re doing one-forty.”
Cass glanced at the speedometer. 
“Why, so I am. Worried you might have to eat something?” She began a gradual acceleration.
“No, I just don’t want to get pulled over by the local fuzz.”
“Buzzkill. You’re not getting off so easily. What do most police forces use for their vehicles?” The gentle acceleration continued, passing one-sixty.
“Well, there’s the Tesla Intruder, pretty popular. And the Atmos, that’s big now too, especially here in the Midwest.”
“Uh-huh. Two pure electrics. With a crappy range and top speeds of what?”
“Two hundred? Maybe a smidge more. But that’s not all they have, the feds patrol these roads too, and they roll in their HydrOx Renegades. Those have decent range and top speeds.”
“Oh, yeah?”
“Two fifty, at least.”
“You’re right. Not bad at all.” 
Cass snuck a glance at the speedo. 
“Still. I’m feeling lucky.” With that, she slammed her foot down on the gas and swerved into the far left lane. “They’d better move because I’m not slowing!”
“Dammit, Cass! You’re not ready for this!” Kendra yelped.
“You want to bet me again, love? Two fifty, going, going, gone!” She was gleeful.
“You don’t know what’s ahead!”
“Oh, yes I do, remember? Lidar? Ten kilometers range, that’s not very long at these speeds, but it’s enough for me to see! Geronimo!” she whooped.
Kendra didn’t know what exactly had come over her wife, but she decided, for the moment, to shut up and hold on.
“Three hundred! I can tell she’s still got more to give! Damn, Ken, this car’s amazing!”
“Don’t you want to slow down, just a little? Maybe?”
“I’ve slowed down all my life.” Aiyana’s tone was fierce, rebellious, and Kendra wondered again what untapped angst she’d uncovered. “For once, I’m going go all out!” 
But she did ease up on the accelerator once they hit three-fifty.
The gas gauge was visibly dropping with each passing kilometer. Then again, they were covering great gulps of tarmac in no time at all. Kendra held her peace, held her breath whenever they whooshed past other cars, and offered up silent prayers to every god and goddess she could think of.
“Terre Haute coming up. Not bad. Fifteen minutes, Indianapolis to here.”
“No,” agreed Kendra, “Not bad at all. Are you thinking of slowing down any time soon, maybe? Sweetie? Please?”
“Why, Kendra Marissa Cassidy, I do believe you’re scared!”
“You’re out of your frakking mind, did you know that? Aiyana Foster-Briggs, slow down!”
“Spoilsport.” Cass allowed the engine’s growl to drop slightly, and they fell back down to three hundred. “Only until we’re in Illinois, then I want to see if I can top her out!”
“You won’t be able to,” said Kendra. “Not without this.” She held up another key.
“What’s that?”
“That’s the Top Speed key. Hey, don’t laugh! That’s what it’s called!” Kendra continued over Aiyana’s manic giggle. “You have to insert this in a different lock and go through a checklist to try to max her out. Without this, you’re limited to three seventy-five.”
Cass mocked a pout. 
“I suppose I can deal. Three seventy-five?” The pout disappeared as Terre Haute, barely noticed, vanished behind them. “Then I guess I’ll have to settle for that.”
“Oh, crap!”
They were less than thirty kilometers from St. Louis, the most recent capital of the United States, when Kendra spoke again. 
“That’s it! Aiyana Foster-Briggs, I don’t know if you noticed, but that was the fourth – fourth – county Mountie you left standing still!”
“I like the sound of that. Aiyana Foster-Briggs.” Cass rolled the name around in her mouth, getting a feel for it, and smiled. “I guess this is the end of my fun?”
“I don’t think I can take anymore,” admitted Kendra. “And you’re not ready to handle her in the kind of traffic we’re going to encounter around the capital. So why don’t you pull off at the next exit before we get too much closer and let me take over for a while?”
“I think that’s a wonderful idea,” said Cass, beginning to weave her way to the exit lane, shedding speed. “We need gas, too.”
“You think?” 
The needle was pegged near enough to Empty as to make no difference. “
At least we’re not dry.”
“Oh?” Cass eased them off the highway.
“Yeah, oh. I’d hate to look for assistance from one of the sheriffs you just humiliated.”
Chapter 28: So, You Think You Can Drive

Even though it was barely ten, Cass wanted to stop for lunch, but Kendra vetoed that.
“If it’s still there, and there’s no reason it shouldn’t be, then I’ve got a place you can’t miss. We can be there in an hour or so.”
“I need something,” whined Cass playfully.
“Here, I got you this,” said Kendra, tossing something at her.
Cass caught it. A white cloud exploded from her hand, enveloping her head.
“A powder doughnut. How kind of you.” Cass waved a hand to clear the air.
Kendra leaned into the Veyron. “I know, I’m a sweetheart. You don’t want to miss this place. Trust me.”
“I trust you, but it’s been a long time since the bagel in Pittsburgh.” 
Kendra popped up from her side, eager to go. “Ready?”
Cass paused, halfway into the passenger side. “You want me to eat this in the car?”
“On second thought, no.”
“Good,” said Cass, settling into the leather seat.
“Brat,” said Kendra, smiling nevertheless. Before starting the Veyron, she made a few adjustments, saying, “Next stop, Sikeston.”
“Where?”
“You just watch the scenery for a while. Have you ever been to the capital?”
“No, I haven’t.”
“You’re not going to be there today, either. We’re going to pick up 355 and head southwest around it. Any kind of luck, we’ll avoid the worst of the traffic. We’ve certainly missed rush hour, at least.”
Their luck held, and traffic was light as they zipped around the loop road. As they neared the ramp to join 55 South outside of Festus, Cass asked Kendra, “Isn’t there something different about the Veyron?”
“Different? Different how?”
“I don’t know,” admitted Cass. “She just feels changed, somehow. Tighter. Stiffer, maybe. You think I did something to her?” She sounded worried.
“I’m sure she’s fine,” dismissed Kendra. “Hold tight. We’re coming up on the interchange.” 
The wide, specially-designed tires gripped the pavement as Kendra accelerated smoothly up the curving ramp and onto the highway. The merge completed, she scooted over to the far left lane.
“Ah, I know!” said Cass. 
“Oh?” said Kendra, still accelerating, passing two hundred KPH.
“She’s lower to the ground!” exclaimed Cass with a note of triumph. “Why is she lower?”
“That’s what happens.”
“Happens when?”
“When you try to max her out.”
“I thought you said you had to use a special key and do some additional checks and, oh.” The penny dropped.
“Give the lady a prize!” They topped 300 KPH.
“How fast are we trying to go?” asked Cass, tugging the supplemental harness into place.
“Well, way back when she was rated as being able to hit four hundred thirty-one KPH. I’ll be happy if we can hit four-twenty.”
“Oh, gods preserve us!”
Kendra adopted a deliberately nonchalant tone. “Look at that, four hundred. And we’re not using all our horsepower yet. Come on, baby, go, go, go!”
The engine was getting louder, practically roaring behind them. It was still smooth and steady with no sense of strain as the big old car stretched her legs for the first time in decades.
“Four-ten!” exulted Kendra. Cass couldn’t help but be carried along with the excitement and peered over at the instrument panel.
“Fifteen!” Cass squeaked.
Their acceleration slowed noticeably as they neared the maximum the engine was rated to produce. Still, the gauge climbed. Now they flashed through a kilometer every eight and a half seconds.
“We’ve passed three police cruisers. Just thought I should mention th
at,” warned Cass.
“I made a call, pulled a couple strings. We’re cleared until we hit Cape Girardeau.”
“And how far is that?”
“At this speed?” The speedometer topped four twenty. “About eight minutes. If we keep this up, which I don’t plan on doing.”
“We’re still accelerating?”
“We are,” acknowledged Kendra. “Not sure how much more she has to give, though.”
Perryville whipped past. “I think that sign said that Cape Girardeau is twenty-five miles,” observed Cass. “How much more can you push her?”
“We’re nearly done,” confessed Kendra. “We’re still climbing, but we’re barely at four twenty-four. And we’ve burned through almost half the tank.”
“That’s plenty fast enough!” pleaded Cass.
“I agree. I’m just trying to get you to lunch,” said Kendra with an impish grin. “I’ll slow down to three hundred. We’ll be sitting down to lunch in ten minutes. Maybe twelve.”
Cass exhaled loudly. “I’d like to get to lunch alive, please, Kendra.”

Chapter 29: On to New Orleans

“Well?” asked Kendra as they regained the highway after lunch.
“Well, what?” Cass patted her lips with a napkin, still tasting her meal.
“What do you think?”
“Think about what?” answered Cass.
“Lunch, you brat!” an exasperated Kendra exclaimed.
“Oh, that. It was…adequate,” teased Cass, burping quietly.
“Adequate!? I drive you to the most singular restaurant I have ever eaten at. I do this at great personal risk. I treat you to lunch. A lunch which you couldn’t seem to get enough of, especially the fresh, home-thrown rolls. And all you have to say is “adequate”?”
“Would you prefer “inadequate”?” continued Cass. It wasn’t often she could get Kendra so worked up, and she was determined to enjoy every second of it.
“Hmph. See if I take you there again,” Kendra grumbled. “Oh, crap,” she added, more seriously.
“What?”
“Inspection,” Kendra said, slowing to match the traffic.
“Inspection?”
Kendra snarled, “Is there an echo? Yeah, a frak-loving inspection for contraband, weapons, drugs. You didn’t think we’d be allowed into the Border States without the Feds taking an interest, did you? They are all that stand between the Republic of Texas, the Connies, and the U.S.”
The Border States resulted from the 2078 war between the United States, New Confederacy, and the Republic of Texas over the fate of Arkansas and Louisiana. The Connies wanted them broken away from the United States, while Texas was pleased with the status quo. In May of that year, the Louisiana legislature rejected secession. In June, a Connie sympathizer parked a car with a pony nuke outside the State House and vaporized the venerable pile of granite and assembled legislators.
Rioting erupted as the conflict escalated. By July, National Guard forces had been supplemented by regular Army troops. Still, they were being steadily driven back by Connie Greybacks. Texas then invaded from the west, pushing the Connies back. 
The fighting continued through the summer, raging up and down the length of the two states. Citizens with any sense fled the region to the country of their choice. The battles grew nastier and nastier, all three sides adopting a scorched-earth policy as they were pushed back in their turn. September brought hurricanes and a slowdown in the combat operations, but the fighting ratcheted back up in October. By November, all three sides were tired of it. 
By the end of the year, a negotiated withdrawal of all forces was in place. Neutral “Enclaves” were established at Little Rock, Shreveport, and Lafayette. Intended as safe zones for the doubly-decimated population to gather under the watchful eyes of all three nations, they were soon centers of lawlessness. In the vicious gang wars that ensued, most of the weaker criminals were eliminated, leaving each city nominally “at peace.” By peace, it meant few people were killed in broad daylight any longer. Most of the population lived in one of these Enclaves. The small percentage which didn’t kept well away from the roads (and each other).
“Sounds like a fun place to visit.”
“Well, it’s about on a par with visiting Montana in January. With more bureaucracy.”
Aiyana shuddered. “This isn’t recommending itself to me. Wait. You said inspection. What about my gun?”
Kendra nodded. “That could be a problem if they get too diligent. If not? Well, we can only try. Cass, press the “Auto,” left double arrow, and top Bugatti symbol simultaneously.”
Aiyana did and heard a “click” from behind her. 
“Take the guns out of our bags and put them in the compartment that just unlocked.”
Twisting in her seat, Cass managed to get the two weapons snugged down before the car slowed further. A large sign flashed, “Prepare for Border Patrol Inspection.”
“Ready? Willow?”
“Yes, Wilma. Ready. I think.”
“Just let me do most of the talking.”
“No problem.”
They crept toward the barrier before being signaled to halt. A half-dozen heavily armed guards watched the sparse traffic. Another one approached the Veyron, openly admiring the lines. Kendra lowered the window.
“Good afternoon, officer,” said Kendra as politely as she could manage.
“Good afternoon, miss. Passports, please.” His voice was gruff but respectful.
Kendra handed them out and waited. He carefully compared the pictures to the occupants. “Purpose of travel?”
“Business,” said Kendra.
“Duration of your trip?”
“Two days, perhaps three.”
“Destination?”
“New Orleans.”
He seemed surprised but kept it from his voice. “Ma’am, are you aware that while in the Border States, you will be entirely on your own? That the United States maintains no permanent presence in the territory and cannot be responsible for your safety?”
“Yes.”
The shortness of her answers seemed to throw him off stride. “You’re sure?”
She smiled winningly. “We’re sure. I don’t intend to outfight anyone, but I can sure as hell outrun them!”
He nodded. 
“I can see that.” He gestured at the car. He stepped back and patted the roof. The barrier lifted as he said, “Safe trip.”
“Thank you.” Kendra smiled and pulled onto the roadway. Raising the window, she said, “That was easier than I hoped.”
“What did he mean, can’t guarantee our safety?”
“Remember the Thruway?”
“Ye-es,” said Cass warily.
“The Border States are like that, but worse.”
“We have to go there?”
“We have to go there,” agreed Kendra. “It’s the perfect place for OutLook’s HQ. Close enough to three major powers with relatively easy access to all, while officially outside of any jurisdiction.”
“I guess…”
“Trust me. There won’t be any problems once we get there.”
“It’s the “once we get there” that makes me nervous.”
“Well, one step at a time. Next stop, Little Rock.”
“Why there?”
“Because it’s one of the Enclaves and relatively safe, so we should be able to refuel without any issues. I wasn’t lying when I told him that I intended to outrun trouble, not outfight it.”
Driving the road to Little Rock disturbed Cass. To either side was a kilometer-wide cleared zone, ending abruptly at the renewed forest encroaching from both directions. Occasional houses, some in fair condition, others little more than charred wooden beams, broke the monotony.
“Kendra?”
“Yeah. I feel it too. Never liked this road, but there’s no air access to the Border States, and I’m not leaving the Bugatti behind to take some fisherman’s trawler the slow way around.”
“How long will this take?”
“Well, Little Rock, about an hour. Going to take it pretty easy. If we keep the same pace, ninety minutes to Shreveport, then another ninety or so to Lafayette. After that, it gets slower, but we shouldn’t be more than six or seven hours. Really want to get to New Orleans before night falls.”
Cass screwed up her courage and asked, “You want me to drive any part of it?”
“No, I don’t think so. Not much traffic and the locals don’t usually try anything before dark. We’ll be to HQ before then.”
Relieved, Cass said, “Good,” and turned her head to the side. She closed her eyes. Seven hours, and maybe she could start getting some answers. They were on their way. What they’d find was a mystery, but she felt safe with Kendra.




Chapter 1: Welcome to New Orleans

“You never said anything about walking!”
“No?” said Kendra, all innocence. “Wimp. We’re almost there.”
Aiyana Cassidy Foster-Briggs, physicist, optical engineer, and known universally to her friends and family as “Cass,” grimaced. “No. Not one word about walking, let alone a fifteen-kilometer hike!”
Kendra Cassidy, her childhood friend, wife, and current protector, just smiled. “I thought for sure I said something. Hurricane destroying what was left of the road after the Border War? You’re sure?”
“Positive. How much longer?”
“A few more klicks. Maybe two? You can see the skyline, well, what’s left of it.” Kendra pointed down the cracked asphalt surface. “A walk in the park.”
“For you, maybe. For me, it’s been a little bit tougher.”
“No, no, I mean literally, a walk in the park. We have to cross the old City Park, and then we follow Esplanade right down to HQ.” 
“And we couldn’t drive because…?”
“Because the road’s crap.” Kendra’s beloved Bugatti had been left behind, between the remains of Laplace and Kenner, when the road had finally become impassable.
“Is that safe?” said Cass, looking into what had once been a carefully-tended park. Now, it was a mangrove-filled marsh.
“Not completely,” admitted Kendra. “But it’s only the alligators you have to worry about. Oh, and cottonmouths. There aren’t any two-footed predators here. Only to the south along old Canal Street. Well. Not as many. Besides, if we’re lucky, you’ll get to meet Bonnie and Clyde.”
“Who?”
“A couple old friends of mine,” Kendra replied. “I don’t want to spoil the surprise.”
“That’s not reassuring.”
“That’s why we brought the guns.” Kendra waved her custom-built pistol at the edge of the road. 
“Ready?” said Kendra, looking back.
“No.”
Chapter 2: Please Don’t Feed the Animals

It wasn’t as bad as Cass thought it would be.
It was still pretty awful. After Hurricane Alondra in ‘98 and the final catastrophic breach of the city levees, City Park had flooded. Only by keeping to the remains of roadways could they keep their footing, though each was soaked to the waist before long. Kendra kept them on course by heading for the wreckage of what looked to be a Greek temple.
“It was called NOMA, I’m told,” she said in response to Cass’s question after they passed the remains of a football stadium. “Some sort of museum. We should steer clear of it, though.”
“Should I ask why?”
“Of course, you should! Always be aware of your environment, especially anything that might constitute a threat.”
Cass nodded, though Kendra couldn’t see her. “Okay. So why should we steer clear of it?”
“It’s haunted.”
“You’re kidding.”
“A little. The locals, the ones that remain, believe it’s haunted by the people killed when the roof collapsed. It was one of the “approved hurricane shelters” during Alondra, but the roof wasn’t up to the wind and the rain. It’s said that two thousand people died when it all fell in.”
“That’s awful!” exclaimed Cass.
“It is,” agreed Ken. “The other reason is it’s a perfect breeding ground now for water snakes. The cottonmouth is the one we have to look out for. Deadly.”
“Water snakes?” Cass looked around her. She was knee-deep in murky water at the time.
“They’ll mostly stay away if we keep moving. Hint, hint.”
As they made their way down the watery path, Cass tried to recall the stories she’d heard about Alondra and the death of New Orleans. During the twenty-first century, the effects of climate change became more pronounced. Ocean levels rose, and the seas continued to warm, leading to more powerful hurricanes, even adding a sixth category of such storms. None had been documented until Alondra.
With sustained winds topping two hundred MPH and gusts recorded up to two hundred and fifty-five, the hurricane tore a swath of destruction through the Caribbean. Brushing the northern coast of South America, Alondra flattened Barbados, Grenada, St. Lucia, and the Netherlands Antilles before turning northwest. Passing over and demolishing most of both Jamaica and the Caymans, she passed through the Yucatan Channel, targeting New Orleans. 
The evacuation was mandatory. In the three days before landfall, more than ninety percent of the population of New Orleans and the surrounding parishes, totaling nearly three million people, were removed. People fled the oncoming storm from the tip of the Mississippi Delta north to Baton Rouge. Still, roughly three hundred thousand remained, too stubborn or ignorant to heed the warnings.
On the night of October 4th, Alondra made landfall. The storm surge had thirty feet, overpowering the newly-raised levees and inundating the city. Over the next twelve hours, the storm reshaped the land. When it finally pushed north, dying as it left the warm waters behind, all that remained was a shattered countryside. Lake Pontchartrain became Pontchartrain Bay, as the narrow strip of land separating it from the sea had disappeared. The Mississippi’s course had been altered, emptying now into Atchafalaya Bay.
Three hundred and fifty-two thousand people lost their lives.
New Orleans was dead, though the body continued to twitch.
It was with these thoughts in her mind that Cass asked, “What made them pick New Orleans?”
“Huh?” grunted Ken, concentrating on keeping her footing.
“Your company. Why here? Why not Chicago? Or in Big Sky? I’ll bet Las Vegas would love to have you.”
Kendra chuckled. “Vegas would be sweet. And Chicago? Really? In the Imperium?”
“The Imperium’s laws are pretty lax if you know which officials to bribe!”
“Down here we don’t have to bribe anyone,” Kendra countered.
“No, but at least in Chicago you don’t have to worry about hurricanes, haunted museums, and water snakes!”
“You may have a point,” Kendra said, swatting away an insect. “As for why here? It’s not anything that was covered in my training. And I haven’t been here much the past few years, as you know.”
“I can’t possibly think why you aren’t down here every weekend,” groused Cass, rolling her eyes. “It’s such the garden spot.”
“I know,” laughed Kendra. “There’s just so much to -” 
She broke off and froze in place.
“Wha-”
“Shh!” hissed Kendra. “Hold still!” 
Cass stopped.
Kendra leveled her gun. Pivoting silently, she scanned the surrounding vegetation, then stepped back, so she was inches from Cass. 
“Ten o’clock. Someone’s out there, about a hundred meters. I don’t know if they know we’re here, so we’re going to take this slow and easy. Down, into the water.”
Gulping, Cass complied, settling into the evil-smelling liquid.
“Lower. Just keep your head above the surface.”
“It’s not that deep!” whispered back Cass.
“As far as you can get, then.” Kendra crouched down as well, still peering off into the trees. A few moments’ observation later, she turned back to Cass.
“Good news, bad news. The good news is, they’re not very good at moving quietly. I can hear them pretty well. Bad news, there are at least three of ‘em.”
“Three?” squeaked Cass before controlling herself.
Kendra ignored the outburst. “At least. No worries.” She patted her gun. 
“Come on. We’ve got to move. Otherwise, the snakes’ll start approaching.”
Cass levitated out of the water.
“Quietly!” hissed Kendra. She moved down the watery pathway.
Aiyana hurried to catch up and whispered, “Ken, shouldn’t we get off into the woods? Give us more shelter, conceal us? Maybe?” 
“Normally, yeah, but unless you know the territory really well, it’s best to stick with what you know. I know there’s a steep drop-off somewhere along here, and we really don’t want to get into that. It’s a pretty good-sized pond. Swimming targets are easy targets.”
The sunken roadway continued on, overhanging mangrove branches blocking most of the light from the setting sun. In the distance, Cass could dimly see the remains of a stone archway.
“Exit?” she asked hopefully.
“Yes. A few hundred meters. Then -”
Kendra cut off at the sharp crack of breaking wood close by their left. Unintelligible, angry words followed. Gesturing for Cass to follow, Ken dashed ahead, heedless of the noise of the splashes and the muck flying around her.
“I thought… we were… trying… to be… stealthy!” panted Cass as she struggled to catch up.
“Shut up and run!”
They ran.
The sound of pursuit behind them grew louder as the hunters realized their quarry had heard them. Crashing and cursing came clearly now through the tangled woods.
“Almost there!”
The road was rising from the muck, allowing them to move faster. 
It wasn’t quite fast enough. A figure burst from the woods onto the path ahead and leveled an old-fashioned shotgun at them. They stumbled to a halt. He was winded, but the barrel of the gun never wavered.
“What do you want?” demanded Kendra, trying to control the situation.
“Not your place, asking questions. Answering questions is.” The rest of the band stumbled out of the mangroves.
“Friends of yours?” asked Kendra, edging towards Cass.
“Stop moving, you. Stop talking.” 
Kendra stopped.
The half-light didn’t reveal much about him or his four companions. Their clothes were dirty and torn, but it was impossible to determine whether from passage through the mangroves or earlier. Kendra was certain that the shotgun was definitely pointed at them.
Rough hands ran over their bodies, searching for weapons. Both guns were taken, as were their packs. Two pairs of hands held Cass’s arms by her sides, but only one had Kendra, perhaps because she was shorter, or maybe it was her pixie-cut blonde hair making her appear younger.
“Not from here, you aren’t. Where?” asked the shotgun holder.
“Sonoran Republic,” answered Kendra, omitting virtually everything important. “Visiting. Business.”
This drew snickers. “Business in Nawlins, there ain’t.” The shotgun’s barrel wavered as his attention slipped.
“Business in Nawlins, we have,” insisted Kendra, adapting to his speech. “Letting us go, you are.”
“They’s too stupid to live,” said one holding Cass. “They’s too pretty to waste. I say we keep ‘em.”
Kendra looked at Cass and mouthed, Ready? 
Then she sprang at the man with the gun.
The blast from the shotgun went wide, splashing one of his companions over the mangroves, and Kendra was upon him. A straight-arm blow to the gut bent him over, then a knee to his chin put him on the ground. Kendra spun, ready to come to Aiyana’s aid, but found her skills unneeded.
Cass reached back, grabbed hold of the men holding her, and swung them forward. Their foreheads weren’t quite the right height for a cartoon crack, but one was down, clutching a shattered nose, while the other staggered, holding his head and out of the fight for now.
The final ruffian, realizing how badly he was outclassed, turned to run back into the swamp. Cass stretched with fluid grace and whipped his feet from under him. She jumped on his back when he fell, grasped his head, and bounced it once off the cracked pavement.
Seeing how swiftly Cass had handled her end, Kendra retrieved her favorite gun and turned back to the apparent leader. He was on his back, still gasping and not going anywhere fast. She knelt down and waited for his eyes to track on her.
“Don’t try it,” she advised, holding her gun so he could see it. She heard a thump behind her. Without turning, she asked, “Any problems, Cass?”
“One got a little frisky, so he had to take a nap. No problem.”
“You never mentioned your hand-to-hand skills to me!”
“I’m not Ms. Super-Agent-Assassin, but living in Los Alamos, a girl’s got be able to protect herself. I’d just gotten away from the mindset, you know?” Kendra noted the unmistakable note of pride in Aiyana’s voice.
“Been there. Any of them going to make it?” Kendra’s eyes, and the barrel of her gun, never wavered from her prisoner.
“Except the one that got splashed, they all should survive. Uglier, but they’ll live.”
“You hear that, mon frere?” said Ken. He stared at her with stunned eyes. “We left four of you alive to crawl back into your swamp. First, a few questions.”
“Not gonna talk, you,” he muttered, then spit.
“I think you will,” Kendra said sweetly. “Cass? Can you bring me my pack?”
“Just a sec.” 
Thud. 
Thud. 
Thud. 
A moment later, Cass dropped the bag next to Kendra. “Here you go.”
“Should I ask?”
“Just kicking a habit. Didn’t want any nasty surprises while you were busy. Can I borrow your gun?”
“Where’s yours?” Kendra handed her weapon up then started rummaging.
“One of the brothers dumb fell on it and crushed the barrel.”
“Clumsy. Inconsiderate.” Kendra glared at the leader. “You owe her for a new gun, understand me?”
Still defiant, he said, “Not a hope, you haven’t.”
“Tsk, tsk. Going to have to teach you some manners. Watch him. I need to find something.” She stood up and stepped back, then resumed searching. “I know it’s in here somewhere….”
“Ken?” Aiyana was being terribly casual, and Kendra hid a smile of pleasure. It was a far cry from the first moments of this chase, and it was easier for Kendra to keep Cass alive.
“Mmm?” mumbled Kendra, her mouth holding a smaller bag.
“Your needler. What rounds did you have in the magazine?”
She took the bag in hand to answer. “Explosive. Any particular reason?”
“You may want to step back further. He’s getting a little squirmy, and I don’t want you splattered if I have to put him down.”
“Aww, how sweet.” Kendra took a couple more steps back. “Though I think this outfit’s only good for burning, now. He still squirmy?”
“You know, he froze right up.”
“Crazy bitches, couple of you are!”
“And don’t you forget it,” added Cass. She moved to keep an eye on the one still conscious and the other three simultaneously.
“Found it!” exclaimed Kendra, putting the pack down and holding up a needle and a bottle of a blue liquid.
“What is it?” said Cass, curious.
“Let’s say he won’t be able to resist our charms. Or our questions. Stop him!” Kendra yelled.
Their erstwhile prisoner had leapt to his feet and darted for the safety of the trees. Cass shouted “Stop!” while tracking him. When he didn’t, she pulled the trigger. A burst of needles tore across the gap. Most missed him, blasting chunks out of the greenery, but three hit him squarely across the back. His legs continued for a couple steps before falling, while his shoulders and head were tossed sideways.
Aiyana turned and vomited. Moments later, stomach empty, she stood and wiped her mouth. “Sorry, Kendra, I didn’t mean to -”
“Don’t worry about it,” Kendra answered, putting her arms around Cass for a quick hug. “I should’ve swapped out the mag.” 
Kendra released her, dug through the bag, and handed Cass a water bottle. Cass looked down. “We still have the sleeping uglies,” she said before taking a swig and rinsing her mouth.
“The Three Stooges, maybe.” Kendra kept digging until she found what she sought.
Cass spat and said, “Three who?”
“Let me tell you.” Over the next five minutes, as they trussed up the three survivors, Kendra explained. 
“Nyuk, nyuk?” croaked Cass, incredulous.
“Something like that,” laughed Kendra. “Deeper in the throat, though.” 
Before she could demonstrate again, they were interrupted by a shout from the entrance.
“Hey! Kendra!”
Cass still had Kendra’s gun. She whirled to face the shouter, gun steady.
“Hold on a minute!” The man stopped dead in his tracks. “Kendra? Tell your friend who I am?” 
He was about Cass’s height, with a shock of unruly brown hair, highly arched eyebrows, a patrician nose, and eyes that promised mischief.
Kendra gently pushed Cass’s arms down and away from the target. 
“Cass, meet Joe Buckley, one of the agents at OutLook and one of my oldest friends here. Joe, this is Aiyana Cassidy, my wife.”
“Aiyana Cassidy Foster-Briggs, you mean,” corrected Cass.
“Really? Hey, congratulations! Guess that means no more late-night study sessions, eh?”
To Cass’s amazement, Kendra actually blushed. “Not that kind, no.”
“Something you want to tell me?” purred Cass.
“Not right now,” muttered Kendra. “What brings you out here, Joe?” she continued, desperate to change the subject.
“Talbott the Butthead. She knows you’re on the way, so one of us is on every reasonable route down to the office, all the time. It’s been getting old,” he complained.
“How many shifts have you pulled?”
“One.”
“Typical. We’re here now. Let’s go.”
“What about those three?” Joe pointed at the still-unconscious thugs. “You want to bring them in?”
“Are you kidding? I wouldn’t spoil the office with their filth. Don’t think they meant anything by it. Just a random jump.” Kendra slung her pack over her shoulders.
“Aren’t you going to let them go?” Aiyana asked.
“Nope.”
Aiyana persisted. “Aren’t you worried about the alligators getting them?” 
Kendra looked at Joe, who simply shrugged.
“Nope. Come on, we’re wasting time.” Without another word, she walked off, Cass trailing her and Joe hurrying to bring up the rear.
“Kendra! Aren’t you worried they might get, you know? Eaten?” whispered Cass.
“Maybe. I’d bet they have a knife about them. The wire we used is strong, but a sharp knife could go right through it. Two minutes after the first one comes to, they’ll be gone. Or not. Sweetie, it’s not our problem. They played rough. We played rougher.”
Joe caught up to them. “Married. Damn, damn, damn. Never would’ve guessed you’d be the marrying kind, Kenny.”
“Kenny?” Cass giggled. Ken? Yes. Kenny? Not so much.
“Don’t ask. And don’t repeat that nickname, Joe, or I’m gonna tell everyone why I called you Triple-B for a month.”
Buckley’s mouth dropped in horror. “You wouldn’t.”
“Call me Kenny again. Find out.”
Wisely, Buckley said, “How long have you been married?”
Kendra accepted the change. “Let’s see. Los Alamos to Vegas -”
“We weren’t married yet.”
“That’s right. It was still the same day, though.”
“Barely.”
“Barely counts. One. Then, Vegas again, to our little hideaway. How many days there?”
“Not enough. Call it three days.”
“Then two more, getting here. Six days.”
“Is that all?” said Cass, running through the count in her mind.
“Yep. Six days.”
“Seems longer.”
“Wait a minute. You’ve been married for six days? That’s it? Shouldn’t you be on your honeymoon?” Joe was incredulous.
“We should be -” began Cass, but Kendra cut her off.
“But Talbott wanted me to come in. Something urgent.” She squeezed Cass’s hand. Cass took the hint and didn’t say anything.
“That sucks for you. I oughta call this in, let the office know you’re on the way.”
“How much further is it?” asked Cass with an embarrassing bit of a whine in her voice.
“About ten minutes. A pretty easy w— Aaargh!”
An alligator lunged from the swampy water, clamped down on Joe’s left leg, and was dragging him back to the water. Kendra leapt for Joe, grabbing his arms and digging in her feet. That slowed the gator’s progress enough for Cass to rush to the other side and kick at the jaws. However, the gator was determined and tossed its head from side to side.
“Get it off! Get it off!” screamed Joe.
“Cass! Gun!” shouted Kendra.
Aiyana stopped kicking. “Crap! Gun, right – where?”
“My pack! I can’t reach it!”
Meanwhile, Joe was still screaming, and the gator continued to thrash around, biting down harder. Cass tore into the pack, finding the weapon as Joe’s screams reached a crescendo. There was a horrifying crunch and a crack, and then the sound of ripping cloth. Before Cass could level the gun, the gator scuttled back into the water, tired of fighting, tired of being kicked, and satisfied with its prize: Joe’s left foot and calf.
Cass stood for a moment, frozen. Kendra’s voice cut through her paralysis. “Put down the gun and help me!”
“What can I do?” said Cass, dropping to the ground. Kendra was ripping away the tattered cloth around the amputation site.
“Give me your belt,” she demanded. “I have to make a tourniquet, stop the blood loss, or we’ll lose Joe right here.”
Cass undid the buckle and whipped it off. “Here you go. What else?”
“I need a cloth and clean water to wash the wound. Get the rest of the water from our packs. Do you have anything tough enough to use for a bandage?” While she spoke, Kendra wrapped the belt twice around the leg, just below the knee, and pulled it tight. 
“I’ll check.”
“Water first.” Cass handed Ken the bottle she’d drunk from, then searched for more.
“Stay with me, Joe,” said Kendra, pouring the water over the stump. The bleeding had slowed to a trickle.
Teeth clenched, Joe said, “Not going to get rid of me that easily. Pretty close, though.” He managed a faint grin between tight lips.
“Joe has absolutely the worst luck ever,” explained Kendra, still dribbling water. “Thanks,” she added when Cass handed her a blouse.
“Remember the time in training?” she said to Joe. 
He nodded and groaned.
“We were in a live-fire exercise, and Joe was in full battle rattle,” Kendra explained, tearing the blouse into strips. “Rounds are flying overhead. The instructors firmly told us that, as long as we stayed within a meter of the ground, we’d be fine. They promised they wouldn’t fire lower than that. Safety first, right?”
“I guess,” agreed Cass, handing Kendra another bottle.
“Remember what happened next, Joe?”
Eyes still shut, he managed a grin. “Yeah. You goosed me.”
“I did not! I was reaching for a handhold, and I just happened to, ah, find something softer.”
Cass laughed. “What happened?”
“He jumps up, spins around with the most outraged look on his face, and is just about to say something. What were you going to say, Joe?”
“It was five years ago, Kendra!” He winced as she found another sensitive spot. She dug around in the pack again, found a single-use injector, and popped it into his leg. 
“Morphine,” Kendra said before continuing the story.
“Whatever it was, you never said it, ‘cause you got hit by, what, three rounds?”
“Four. Two in one spot.”
“Four.”
“How did he live?” asked a shocked Cass.
“Full body armor,” answered Kendra. “Standard equipment for that kind of exercise. Anyways, that’s not the good part.”
“No?”
“No. Whistles blow, the guns go silent, and there’s all this shouting, right? The instructors come streaming out, all heading right for us. They get there, and the lead instructor, this real salty ex-Marine named Rollie, he starts ripping Joe a new one.”
“Oh no!”
“Oh yes,” contradicted Joe, feeling the drug now. “I try to explain to him what happened, and he just looks at me like I’m nuts. Finally, in this real quiet voice, his “You’re not worth yelling at anymore” voice, he says, “Son, you sure you got enough balls for her to notice?” He had me on extra training sessions for a week after that.”
Kendra was giggling, and so was Cass. 
“It wasn’t funny!” insisted Joe. “You wanna know the worst part?” he asked Cass.
“What?”
“She didn’t even get gigged! Not a word, okay? Finally, I get time off. I go see her, and we’re, you know, having a little fun, right? Things are getting pretty hot and heavy when Kendra stops, gets out of bed, and says, “Sorry, Joe, gotta go.” And out she walks!”
Cass looked at Kendra. “You didn’t!” 
“I did,” admitted Kendra. “And I got in trouble, just not as publicly. Okay, Joe, it looks like we’ve got the bleeding stopped. Give me your commlink.”
He reached into a pocket and retrieved the device. “Emergency code still Hotel Echo?”
“Yeah, though you could just tell ‘em that the Joe Buckley curse has struck again.” He sniggered.
“How much morphine did you give him?” whispered Cass.
Chapter 3: Please Have Your Papers Ready

The rescue party from OutLook was there in five minutes with a small APV to carry Joe. Kendra and Cass would have to walk, though they did have another agent accompanying them. She was a short, skinny brunette with an elfin grin. 
“I’m Amanda McAllister, but everyone calls me Mac,” she introduced herself. “Director Talbott asked me to finish escorting you in.” 
She talked quickly, with a hint of an eastern accent.
“Hi, Mac. Didn’t we meet once before?” asked Kendra. 
“No, I’m pretty sure we didn’t, I would remember meeting the legendary Kendra Foster-Briggs, everyone knows you and my cred would go up so much people would forget I’m a tech geek.”
Cass just nodded her hello; the adrenaline rush from the events of the past hour had worn off, leaving her feeling drained. 
Kendra continued. “My silent partner here is Cass. I hope there aren’t any more nasty surprises.”
“Oh, no, Ms. Foster-Briggs, no more surprises, at least I hope not, but that’s the thing about surprises, they’re surprising, aren’t they?” Kendra tried to parse the sentence, failed, and decided to nod. “You’ve been here before, but Cass hasn’t, do you want me to do the whole tour guide thing or just get us there quick as we can?”
Taking a look at Aiyana, Kendra said, “I think a quick walk would be best. It’s been a long couple of days, and it’s getting dark. I remember we don’t want to be out after sunset.”
“You got that right, boy, it’s not safe out here at night, not alone at least, but there’s three of us, and so we should be just peachy!” Mac led off.
Kendra allowed her a few meters before following. Pitching her voice low so only Cass could hear, she said, “Hon? You okay?”
“Yeah, Ken. I’ll be fine. I just want to get this day over with.”
“I know. Have to check in on Joe tomorrow, see how he’s doing.”
“What do you think will happen to him?”
Kendra shrugged. “Depends on what Director Talbott wants. He might be more useful in the field. In that case, she’ll get him fitted out. Mechanical or maybe biological. It all depends on which he’ll take better. If not, she’ll find something in the office for him to do. Might be a little safer for him.” She wasn’t quiet enough.
“Are you talking about Joe, wasn’t that the most awful thing you’d ever seen, I can’t imagine being there when a damn big gator’s trying to rip off someone’s leg, he’s so lucky you kept your head and got it off of him, I’m sure he’ll tell you when you see him again!”
“Do you ever stop to breathe?” asked Kendra.
“Oh yeah, I breathe all the time, see?” And Mac demonstrated.
“Tell me, Mac, are you usually out in the field?”
She exhaled, then said, “Not usually, I’m more of an IT specialist, you know, like I said, a tech geek, you give me a system and I can hack it so clean they won’t even know I was there, why do you ask?”
“Oh, no reason.” Kendra let the conversation die and took Cass’s hand in hers. 
In a very few minutes, the river came into view. 
“We’re going down there?” asked Cass.
“We are,” confirmed Kendra. “You won’t believe where the offices are located.”
#
“I don’t believe it.”
Cass was looking at the nineteenth-century Greek Revival-style building at the end of the road. In stark contrast to the destruction they had seen along their walk, this brick building seemed to be pristine. A neat, tended lawn surrounded it, with people walking the grounds; huge stumps could be seen where trees had been removed. In the wreckage of the city, it seemed incongruous to find a building that had such vitality. 
“What is this place?”
“This is the headquarters of OutLook,” answered Kendra with more than a touch of pride. “It used to be the old New Orleans Mint, then a museum. Now it’s ours. The neighborhood’s gone to hell since the first time I was here, but HQ’s still the same.”
“It’s amazing.”
“We don’t want to keep Director Talbott waiting, she doesn’t like that, it makes her unhappy and then she makes us unhappy so why don’t we just get inside so I can bring you to her office?” There was definite urgency in Mac’s tone, perhaps a touch of fear.
“No, she doesn’t like to wait. Never did,” Kendra agreed. “We can sight-see later.” 
They walked toward the Ionic columns at the center of the building.
“Shouldn’t there be more security?” asked Cass. “It seems awfully open.”
“There’s plenty of security, don’t you worry about that, it’s our job to keep you safe, and we will, so you can just-”
“Mac, enough!” said Kendra. “The security’s there; we just don’t advertise. You’ll see what I mean.” They made their way up the steps and entered the old building.
The difference was immediate. Three heavily-armed guards stood inside the doors and directed them to three separate man-traps. Kendra managed to say, “Real name!” before the doors closed and locked behind them.
“State your name,” demanded a metallic voice.
“Aiyana Cassidy Foster-Briggs,” she answered.
There was a long pause as the machinery thought about this before stating, “Identification not found. Entry denied.”
“What? No, wait, I’m supposed to be here! I was brought here by an agent!”
Nothing happened at first. Finally, the voice said, “Identity of the responsible agent.”
“Kendra Cassidy!”
Another pause. “Identification not found. Entry denied.”
Frustrated and realizing her mistake, Cass shouted, “Foster-Briggs! Kendra Foster-Briggs!”
“Identification recognized.”
A longer pause. Cass was about to start screaming and banging on the walls when it spoke again.
“Place your hand in the scanner for DNA confirmation.” There was no arguing with the dispassionate directive. A slot opened in the far wall. Aiyana stepped forward a pace and inserted her hand with some trepidation. There was a sharp prick, then the voice said, “Processing. Wait.”
It wasn’t more than fifteen or sixteen seconds before the exit appeared, but it seemed much longer.
Cass stepped through and found the others waiting.
“I forgot that you wouldn’t be in the system,” said Kendra. “Hope you didn’t have too much trouble.”
“Not much once I remembered your name.”
Kendra’s face was quizzical.
“You haven’t updated it, remember?”
“Oh, shit,” Kendra said with chagrin.
“Got that right. Forget it. What’s next?”
“Right this way, Ms. Foster-Briggs, if you’ll follow me, we just have to get you a visitor’s pass, and do you have your pass Kendra or do you need a new one, we can always get them both at the same time, it’s not a big deal, but we ought to get moving.” Mac led them along a corridor. There was no attempt at modernization; the ancient marble floors were scuffed, the brickwork rounded by untold numbers of hands. At the end of the hall, they boarded an elevator. Mac reached for the controls, but Kendra got there first. She pushed a button, and they started to descend.
“I know where we’re going,” she said to Mac, who seemed about to question her.
After nearly a minute, Cass commented, “This is either the slowest elevator in the country, or we’ve gone much farther than I thought we could. How deep are we?”
“Oh, I’m so sorry, that’s classified, strictly need-to-know, I know you’ll understand but I can’t tell you -”
“We’re on the way to Security first and get IDs. That’s down in the Pit. I’ve got it right, haven’t I, Mac?”
“Well,” Mac began. “Yes, we have to get you IDs, and we get them at Security, if I don’t get you IDs then Director Talbott will have me hunting for nutria for breakfast, and I don’t know if you’ve ever eaten a nutria, but they’re not all that tasty, I don’t want to do that, so –”
Kandra cut her off.
“They still down in the Pit?” repeated Kendra, but before Mac could answer, she turned to Cass. “There was always a problem, see, with explosions when things went wrong. You couldn’t see it, it’s around the back of the building, but they blew out an entire wing one time, just absolutely leveled it.”
“So now it’s underground? Under your offices? That’s safer?”
“You’ll understand when you see it.”
“Agent? You wanted to go to Security first? That’s -” 
Mac’s explanation was cut short as the elevator finally stopped. The doors opened, revealing a short corridor that seemed to bend to the right, but before she could take more than a few steps, Kendra put her arm in front of Cass and said, “Hold on. I never asked, never needed to, but are you at all claustrophobic?”
“No.”
“Agoraphobic?”
“No. Kendra, what…?”
“Just checking. Come on.” She led off into the corridor, which soon changed from metal panels to rough-hewn rock.
Cass said, “I thought it would be cold. Aren’t caves supposed to be cold?”
“Only near the surface. When you get deeper, it gets warmer.”
“How much warmer? I mean, how deep are we?”
“We’re about a kilometer underground, and the temperature down here is a balmy 35° Celsius year-round.”
Cass’s face went white. “A kilometer underground?”
Mac answered. “It’s perfectly safe, the cavern’s only about two hundred meters up and twice that wide, plenty small enough to support the weight above it, but it was the only safe place we could put them, it’s a lava bubble we think, whatever it is it works for us to do our R&D, it’s just amazing when they have all the spotlights on! But, Kendra, we don’t -”
Cass got paler and paler through the entire recitation.
“Thanks a bunch, Mac,” growled Kendra, interrupting her again, then pulled Cass to the side.
“Sweetie? She’s right. It’s safe down here. You won’t even be able to tell once we get back inside.”
“Inside? Inside what?”
Kendra had been gently herding her along the wall. Now the rock gave way again to sheet metal and another door with a guard.
“ID, please,” he said from behind a security barrier.
“We’re here to get an ID; how can we give you one?” asked Kendra, posing the logical question.
“IDs are in the first sub-basement,” he replied, suspicious.
“Mac?”
“I tried to tell you Kendra, I really did, but you cut me off, and that’s okay because I know you’re worried about your wife, I’d be worried too if I didn’t know what I was getting into down here, but we really shouldn’t be down here, not yet, and I did try to tell you!”
Kendra dropped her face into her palms then ran her hands through her hair. 
“Fine.” Her tone indicated it was anything but. “Sorry for the intrusion.” 
Quietly they eased back to the elevator.
“I sure hope there aren’t any more surprises, Mac.”
“No, ma’am.” For once, the petite agent didn’t have much to say.
The ride up to the processing sub-level was silent. The procedure didn’t take much time, and they were soon headed up to see the Director. On their way, Kendra turned to Mac. 
“If you see I’m about to pull another boner like that, stop me, will you please?” She smiled to take the edge off her words.
“Sure, Kendra – I mean, Agent.”
“Kendra’s fine. Can’t stand on formality when I just showed myself as a complete jackass, can I?”
The third floor of the building was thoroughly modern. They were led down the hall, through an anteroom, to a final barrier, another biometric checkpoint, which swung open just as Kendra was about to initiate the procedure.
“I knew you’d make it eventually!” called a voice.
Kendra grinned. “I knew we would, too,” she said, striding across the carpet to stop in front of an old-fashioned wooden desk. A figure stood up out of the darkness from behind the desk and came around into the light.
“Welcome back, Kendra.” She put out her hand.
“Thank you, Director,” she answered, taking the hand, then being pulled into a hug.
“Dammit, Ken, when did you think I got formal?” 
“Maybe when you got your promotion, Amanda? It’s been a while, after all.”
The Director released Kendra and stood back, holding her at arm’s length. “Ha! The only reason they promoted me is I knew where they stashed their skeletons. You think I was going to change my MO just because they gave me a bigger office?”
She was tall, nearly as tall as Cass, but much more athletic despite her age, which Cass guessed at her mid-forties. That body was covered with a conservative suit, custom-made by the look, which suited her position. Shoulder-length blonde hair framed a face that was currently warm and inviting, but Cass could sense that the emotion would change in a shot if needed. 
Probably a helpful trait, running a business like this, she thought. 
“Guess not.” 
From the far corner, an assistant stepped forward with a pair of chairs. 
“Oh, good, Keith. Right there, that’s fine.” He set them in front of the desk as she settled back into her chair and raised the lights. “Sorry about the dramatics. I couldn’t resist.” The smile was on in full force.
Cass sank into her seat with a grateful sigh. Kendra stood a moment longer, unsure if the remaining chair was for her or Mac. Talbott, noting the confusion, cut through it.
“Mac, if you wouldn’t mind waiting outside? Don’t go too far.”
“Yes, ma’am.” Mac escaped to the relative safety of the anteroom.
“Kendra? Refreshment?”
“Coffee would be good,” admitted Kendra.
“And Ms. Cassidy – I mean, Ms. Foster-Briggs?” The correction was smooth but planned, Cass noticed. It was as if Director Talbott wanted Cass to know that she knew all about her.
“That would be fine,” agreed Cass, though she really wanted a shower and a bed. That didn’t look like it would happen any time soon, however.
“Keith, coffee service, please.” The assistant headed out.
“This is the inventor,” said Talbott after the door closed. She scrutinized Cass for a long moment before speaking again. “Good job bringing her in, Kendra.”
“Thank you, Amanda. It wasn’t easy -”
“Yes, I’m sure you had quite the adventure,” said Talbott, waving off any explanations. “I look forward to seeing your report. But for now, tell me your story.”
“You just said you would wait for the report?”
“Not the official report. I want to hear about your wedding! I never figured you to be the type to settle down again, Kendra. How did – Cass, you said? - manage to pull you in?”
The tale took fifteen minutes to tell. Keith delivered the coffee near the beginning, then faded into the background. Kendra was animated, relishing the opportunity to free her emotions, and Cass was soon pulled in, adding details and expanding on stories. The subject turned to Kendra’s early days with OutLook, which Cass found fascinating even despite the frequent reminders from the Director of, “That’s still classified.” And eventually, a few stories from Talbott’s career came to light to much amusement.
“He never did figure it out.”
Kendra was rolling with laughter, and even Cass found it hard to control the giggles.
“Cheese in the ventilators in July!” whooped Kendra before losing it again.
“Not everything I do, or did, was lethal,” answered Talbott with a smile. “Now, then, not to change the subject, but I do rather need to talk with Kendra. Keith, would you bring Agent McAllister back in?”
When Mac returned, Talbott said, “Would you please escort Cass to her quarters and answer any questions she might have? I’m afraid I have to detain Kendra for a while yet.”
“Yes, ma’am.” She waited for Aiyana to rise.
“You won’t be long?” said Cass.
“I don’t think -” began Kendra before being interrupted.
“I won’t keep her terribly late. I know you’ve had a busy few days.” Cass allowed herself to be led from the room with that blatant dismissal.
The door snicked shut behind her.
Chapter 4: Come into My Parlor…

Once the door closed, the mask came off.
“You are one stupid bitch! I ought to have the two of you tossed back out onto the streets and let the local vermin take care of you!”
“I got her here, didn’t I?” retorted Kendra. “And what do you mean, “Good job bringing her in”? It was my choice, Amanda, not a mission!”
“Barely. Got your ass jumped by a pack of crackers in the park and nearly got another agent killed. As for your objection? When you asked for help, it became a mission. And if what that pretty little physicist worked on wasn’t a game-changer, I wouldn’t think twice about canning your ass!” Then Talbott’s tone changed. “But it is, so for now, you’re still on the payroll.”
“Whoop-te-do. Don’t do me no favors, Director.”
“Don’t you worry, I won’t. Starting with, as of now, you’re off this mission.”
Kendra bounced out of her seat. “You can’t do that!”
“Yes, I can. Director, remember?”
“No, you can’t! I was never on this mission, remember? She’s my wife, for gossake! Nobody knew about Aiyana’s breakthrough. Nobody was assigned to protect her! The only reason I brought her here is that I didn’t have anywhere else to go! For fuck’s sake, Amanda, someone tried to kill her at our wedding!”
“That’s it exactly, Agent Foster-Briggs. She’s your wife.” The voice was cold again.
“What do you mean by that?” asked Kendra in a dangerous tone.
“You’re too emotionally involved to be effective. End of discussion.” Talbott turned to search for some papers on the desk, finding the correct one quickly. She handed it to Kendra.
“What’s that?” said Kendra, not reaching for the paper.
“Your new assignment. Time-sensitive, I’m afraid; you’ll have to leave within forty-eight hours to make the rendezvous. Doesn’t give you much opportunity to prepare, but -”
“I won’t do it.” Kendra’s refusal was flat.
“You don’t have a choice,” responded Talbott.
“I work for you. I don’t owe you anything. My debts are paid. I’m not your slave. I can quit, and leave, any time I want.”
Talbott leaned back in her chair. “Go ahead.”
Kendra stood. “I should. I will!”
Talbott nodded. “The door is right behind you.” Before Talbott spoke again, Kendra turned and got as far as putting her hand on the door. “You walk out now, though, and you won’t ever see your wife again.”
Kendra froze. “You’re bluffing.”
“Am I? Where is she, do you know?”
“I’ll find her if I have to tear the building apart.” Her hand tightened on the handle.
“Impractical, that. Oh, you might take out eight, ten agents, but there’s over a hundred here right now. You wouldn’t stand a chance.” Talbott maintained an infuriating calm.
Kendra’s hand fell away from the door.
“It’s a simple assignment, really,” purred Talbott. “Once it’s complete, we can discuss the possibility of you leaving.”
“Certainty, you mean. If I do this job, it’s the last one I’ll ever do for you,” growled Kendra. “What about Cass?”
“Aiyana? Oh, we’ll take care of her here. I’ll put Agent McAllister in charge of her comfort and care.”
Kendra thought, trying to find anything to salvage from the situation. “We’re working with someone on the inside, trying to figure out who did this to her. She’ll need access to computers and the net.”
“Naturally. It will be secure, I assure you, from any outside attacks or trackbacks.”
Kendra reached for the paper. “How long is this assignment?”
“Oh, just a few days. A simple matter, really, delivery and exchange. But it’s back into the San Fernando; you do still have your contacts, yes?”
“You know I do.”
“Splendid. Then let’s discuss the details.”
Chapter 5: Loose Lips Sink Ships

The quarters were a few levels below ground.
“Nothing with a view?” joked Cass, trying to make the best of it. After all, if she could be happy with the idea of living in a railroad tunnel, a few days in a basement couldn’t be too bad, right?
“Oh, no views down here, Ms. Foster-Briggs, we’re a little ways under the building, not too far, did you know that it used to be a Mint and there are all sorts of secret tunnels leading all over the old city? Pretty cool, actually, and we haven’t even begun to map all of them yet which stinks because we’ve lost people down there before but we got them back.”
“Okay, before we go any further, two things. One, you can call me Aiyana or Cass, but not “Ms. Foster-Briggs.” Got that?”
“Yes, Ms. - Cass.”
Cass smiled at the younger woman’s correction but didn’t otherwise acknowledge it. “And second. Breathe, once in a while!”
“Ma’ - Cass?”
“Forget it. Quarters, eh? Sounds grim.”
“Oh, no, Miss – Cass, not grim at all, even the regular quarters are very nice, they don’t skimp at all, but these are the VIP suites, I’m sure you’ll be comfortable here, and if there’s anything I can do just let me know because I guess I’m going to be your hostess and guide while you’re here.”
“That’s nice, Mac. Wait. What about Kendra?” 
Mac tried to shrink into herself. “Oops. I don’t think I was supposed to tell you anything.”
“You hadn’t until then. What’s going on, Mac?”
Mac ignored the question. “This is your room, your ID can get you in, and then you can program the door to respond to your voice if you want. Let me show you.” She took the card from Cass’s hand and passed it before a sensor. 
A friendly contralto said, “Welcome, Aiyana,” as the door silently retracted into the wall.
“Pretty neat, huh, Cass? The computer selects a voice appropriate for the person assigned to the room.”
“Very, but I’m more interested in -”
Mac still ignored her. “Ooh, this is nice! Wow!” 
Cass had to admit, it was a tastefully done and comfortable-looking room. A small couch, a table, a desk with a full-service terminal were to the left of the entry. To the right was a compact kitchen and another doorway, currently closed. Dominating the far wall was a monitor that stretched at least eight feet.
“Watch this!” Mac walked over to the monitor’s control panel and touched a key. “What do you want to see?”
Cass was struck by a sudden feeling of homesickness. 
But, she thought, where was home now? Certainly not Minnesota. That hasn’t been home for fifteen years. MIT was never home either, though I was happy there. Mostly. Between stressing about my classes. Los Alamos? My apartment? It had been a house, yes, but never home, not until Kendra came back into my life. So now where?
I guess it’s wherever Kendra is. And Derek, she added, feeling a twitch of guilt.
Pushing the thoughts aside, she took two strides over to Mac and, surprising them both, lifted the petite woman off the ground.
Using the voice which had intimidated many undergraduate research assistants, Cass said, “You listen to me, Mac, and then you answer me. Where is Kendra, and what do you mean you’ll be watching over me?”
“The Director gave me my orders!” squeaked Mac. “She said that Kendra had an assignment she had to complete and that it would be a few days and I should make sure you stayed out of trouble and maybe helped you find out what was going on because I’m a really good hacker all the instructors said so and can you put me down now please?!”
Cass dropped her with a thud. “An assignment? But we’re on our honeymoon!”
“I know it doesn’t seem fair but a business is a business and I guess this needed Kendra’s expertise and there’s nothing we can do about it so can you maybe let me just be your friend while you’re here?”
Cass took pity on the suddenly vulnerable-looking agent. “I suppose so. Come on. Finish the tour.”
Chapter 6: Plans

“What’s the mission?” asked Cass without preamble when Kendra returned.
“Who told you?” If she was surprised at Cass’s knowledge, she didn’t show it.
“Mac let it slip, then I might have encouraged her a bit.”
Kendra looked around. “Where is Mac, anyway?”
“I told her to get lost. I think she’s a little bit afraid of me. Can’t imagine why.” Cass didn’t seem too apologetic about it.
“Well, the mission ought to be easy enough,” said Kendra, downplaying it. “Quick courier run into California. Bring the package, make the drop, and back again. Then we’re out of here.” 
There was a finality in the last sentence that caught Cass’s attention. “Oh?” she prompted.
“I told Amanda that I was done,” said Kendra. “One final job, then I’m free of them.”
“Why? I thought you liked this work?”
“I’m good at it,” said Kendra. “I never said I enjoyed it. Well, some bits I like.”
“What about your secret hideaway? Or your car?”
“They’re mine, free and clear. I can complain about the methods, but I can’t complain about the pay. OutLook has always been generous, even before I repaid my debt.”
“Kendra. What’s going on, really?” Cass’s tone caught Kendra’s ear. Clearly, she wasn’t going to take any non-answers.
Kendra’s answer tumbled out before she could edit it. “I realized that I couldn’t do this job any longer, not if it were going to take me away from you.”
The embrace Cass wrapped her in was fierce if brief. “Okay, then. How long will this take?”
“According to Amanda, I have to leave for Cali no later than the day after tomorrow. One day to get there, a few days to make contact, another day back. A week tops.”
“And what am I supposed to do without you?”
“Well, you have Mac to keep you busy.”
“I’m not tired of you yet, wench.” Aiyana leered at Kendra.
“Not like that! She’ll get you back in training, maybe help you with your search for Derek. I’ve heard she consistently tops her classes in data mining, hacking, all sorts of things electronic. Much better than me, I expect.”
“Hard to believe, after what I saw,” Cass said, then looked thoughtful. “If I can get in touch with Lisa again, maybe I can figure out who hijacked my account.”
“See? You’ll keep busy. I’ll be back before you know it.”
“And until then?”
“Well, I have a little bit of background I have to learn, but my time’s pretty much my own for the next day or so.”
Aiyana put her hands around Kendra’s waist. She turned her around and marched Kendra forward. “Not anymore. I’m going to show you the bedroom. And Mac assured me the walls are soundproofed.”
Chapter 7: Just A Few Words Before I Go

They ended up with almost thirty-six hours together before Mac, with great trepidation, commed their quarters.
“Sure, Mac, come on down,” said Kendra, looking through the open bedroom door. Cass, lying in tangled blankets, stuck out her tongue. “We’ll be ready for you in a few minutes.”
“Okay, great, thanks, I’ll see you –” Kendra closed the connection.
Cass climbed from the bed and stretched languorously, Kendra taking in every curve. “You sure you want to give this up? Hmm?”
“No,” Kendra said.
Aiyana smiled a happy, sated smile. “That’s the right answer. Don’t worry, I’ll dress.” She picked up a few stray pieces of clothing, headed for the bathroom, and closed the door. Kendra heard the shower start, sighed, and started getting ready herself.
She was packed when the signal announced Mac’s arrival.
“Come on in!” Kendra shouted.
“Hi Kendra, looks like you’re ready to go, where’s Cass, is she ready yet because there’s a full afternoon of training that I thought she might want to do and if she doesn’t that’s cool too but we have a great Hapkido instructor you remember Master Cordova don’t you Kendra?”
“He’s not half as rough as my first trainer, but yeah. He still beat the hell out of me for three months until I finally figured it out.”
“He can be a little rough, I guess, but you do learn, don’t you, but in any case, with all of your problems, I thought she could use a little self-defense training and then I have time to help her with our computers you know I was first in my training for infiltration and assault on IT systems and a good thing too because that’s what the Director has me doing she doesn’t let me get out in the field very much,” she finished.
“Did I hear you say something about computers?” Cass stepped into the room, still toweling off her hair. She’d put on tights, but nothing else, and Mac flushed and turned away.
“Yes! I can get you access and show you how -”
“I can navigate around the net pretty well,” Cass began, then changed her tone when she caught Kendra’s frantic head-shaking. “But I can always use a guide.”
Still speaking to the wall, Mac continued. “It’s gonna be fun, I just know it, Director Talbott has told me all about your problem and she told me I can go ahead and hack into HLC’s servers whenever you want me to so what if we do it right after Hapkido and you probably want to get lunch first because Master Cordova won’t let us into his class if we’re even two seconds late, I know that because he did it to me before locked me right out and then chewed me out for missing the lesson, I ask you is that fair I mean I didn’t lock the door he did!”
“What time?” prompted Cass, letting the ends of the towel drape across her shoulders.
“Fourteen, I guess you have plenty of time, but I’m just so juiced this is gonna be great have you ever done Hapkido or any martial art before?”
“I used to study capoeira, mostly for the dance aspect of it, but I was pretty good with the esquivas and the ginga. My apelido was Ruiva Alta. I guess he still is, but it’s been a few years since I did anything formally.”
Astonished, Kendra said, “I never knew you did; what did you call it?”
“Capoeira. It’s a Brazilian form of martial art. Lots of legwork and tumbling moves. You’ve seen me do it.”
“Oh, that dancing thing? No wonder I could never keep up!” laughed Kendra.
Cass chuckled as well. “It looks like a dance. That’s what attracted me to it, back at MIT. But it all has a purpose. Don’t know if I want to try to learn a new technique, Mac, so we might pass on the Hapkido.”
“That’s okay, it’ll give us more time to do a little snooping, which is more fun than getting beat up by Master Cordova, did you know that he’s a sixth-degree black belt? Pretty rough on the new trainees, I remember being there but now I’m a second degree, I can usually sort of hold my own or at least not get pounded on too bad anymore, maybe it wouldn’t be too much fun for you so we’ll skip if then I guess.”
“That means it’s almost time for me to head out,” Kendra added sadly.
“Oh, no!” Cass took two steps across and plastered herself to Kendra.
“’Fraid so. Mac?”
“Yes, Kendra, what can I – ohhhh.” The penny dropped, and Mac paused at the hallway door. “I’ll just be outside, then.”
Her head resting against Kendra’s, Cass said, “I don’t want you to go; I don’t trust your Director.”
“Amanda may be a bitch, but she’s always played straight with me. It’s a milk run, even if it’s high-priority. She could have given it to any one of a dozen agents.”
“So why you? If it was so urgent, why wait for you to get here? You weren’t on a schedule. It could have taken you a week!”
Kendra frowned. 
“Good point. It hadn’t occurred to me.” The frown deepened before she shook it off. “Nothing I can do about it now. Maybe she’s pissed I didn’t invite her to the wedding? Don’t worry. It’s one last mission, then I’m done, and we can begin the rest of our lives together. Deal?”
Firmly, Cass said, “Deal. I’m going to spend most of my time on the computer, see what I can dig out. I want to make sure your worm wiped out every trace of my research. It wouldn’t do us much good if they still had a copy, would it?”
“Do what you think is best, hon,” replied Kendra. “Maybe you should teach Mac a few moves in your capa – your capo -”
Cass laughed. “Capoeira. Maybe I should. Maybe I should you,” she teased.
“You’ve already taught me a few moves,” began Kendra, hands rising to tease, but Cass stopped her before they went too far. 
“Mac’s waiting.”
“Screw her.”
“Not my type. Go on. I’ll be waiting here for you.”
Kendra kissed her wife. “I love you, Aiyana.”
“I love you too, Kendra.”
Chapter 8: Where to Now?

Despite the implied urgency in Mac’s message, Kendra cooled her heels in the anteroom for almost an hour before Director Talbott allowed her in the office.
“What the hell, Amanda?” demanded Kendra, stomping across the room. “You stress how urgent this is, how time-critical a mission it is, and then you have me wait on you? Damn you, Amanda, if I hadn’t promised you this last mission, I’d walk out on you right now!”
“Shut up and sit down!” Talbott blasted right back. “You are still my agent, and you will do what I say!” Talbott’s tone could have carved a diamond. “Not that you had a need to know, but you were kept waiting, princess, because the agents accompanying you were delayed en route.”
Kendra wasn’t going to hold for that. “Then you shouldn’t have summoned me!”
Talbott smiled coldly. “Feel better? Not that I care any longer. As you’ve said, after this, you’re all done, and you can take a one-way trip to the Titan Colony if you like.”
Kendra stood mute.
“Aren’t you going to ask me who the agents are? You’re usually more inquisitive.”
Kendra maintained her silence.
“Silent treatment? How mature. Evan Livingstone and Jamey Yarnelle will be with you from here, north to the Imperium, and onward until you land at the Palmdale shuttle port. At the entrance to the Valley, you will be met by Gary X and Ed Sanchini. They’ll take you the rest of the way.”
“Gary X?” asked Kendra, her incredulity breaking her silence. “He couldn’t come up with anything better? And why the escorts? It’s not like I don’t know people there. I worked and lived there, remember? And why Palmdale? Isn’t that part of the Duchy?” 
California had shattered worse than the United States it had been part of. Almost every county was now a country of one sort or another: republics, pure democracies, tyrannies, monarchies, any form of government imaginable. San Fernando Valley was functional anarchy, while Palmdale was the seat of the Duchy of Lancaster. Anything went in San Fernando, while the Duchy was much stricter and more controlled. It made the choice to go into the Duchy first puzzling.
“Yes, it is. We need you to come out of the Duchy rather than directly from the Imperium. The package – let’s say that it would be expected from the Imperium but not the Duchy.” Talbott ignored her other questions.
Kendra shrugged. “Your show. You do know there’s no travel between the Imperium and the Duchy, right?”
“That’s your problem, agent. Not mine.”
“Whatever. When do I pick up, and who is my contact in ‘Nando?”
“The package will be provided to you in Chicago by one of our agents. She’s currently serving in the Northern Imperium’s Navy, so don’t be surprised by her appearance. That’s all I can tell you.”
“Amanda, that’s not how we do things.”
“It is this time. Need to know.”
“Fine, whatever.” That seemed to be becoming her mantra, but if it got her through this, well, so be it. Kendra restrained an urge to tap her foot. “Where are they, and when do we leave?”
The door chime sounded.
“That should be them, and immediately.” 
The door swung open, revealing the two agents. Both were short and dark, with brown hair, but the resemblance ended there. Jamey’s hair was tied in a long ponytail. He wore what could only be described as “hippie clothes.” The faded blue jeans were ripped at the knees and below the back pockets. His worn brown suede jacket had fringe dangling off the sleeves. He sported a multi-colored shirt with the archaic “peace” symbol on it to top it off.
Evan was the polar opposite. Everything about him screamed “professional,” from the stylish haircut to the designer shoes. A banker, perhaps, or a businessman. Not a lawyer. They generally wouldn’t come out in public without at least one very large, very well-armed guard.
“Kendra, have you ever met Evan or Jamey?” Now that she was in public again, the “warm” Amanda returned.
“Jamey, once or twice, but I don’t think I know Evan.” She extended her hand, and he accepted it. His grip was firm and brief. Professional.
“Ready to go? All clear on the assignment?” asked Talbott.
“You know it,” said Kendra.
“Completely,” said Evan.
“No problemo,” added Jamey. “We’re outta here.”
“Fine. I’ve arranged for an APV to get you into the New Confederacy. I know how you feel about them, Kendra, but they have the loosest border controls. From there, I want you in Chicago in twenty-four hours, no later.” She stood and handed an Impervalope to Kendra. “The rest of your instructions are in there. You are not to open it until you are in the Confederacy. Are we clear?”
All three nodded.
“Good.” Without another word, she sat down and returned to her work.
Chapter 9: You Talk Too Much

After Kendra left, Cass let Mac back into the quarters. Sensing her mood, Mac refrained from her usual stream of chatter and busied herself at the terminal, apparently catching up on a bit of work. Only a few minutes passed before Cass realized that she would sink into a funk if she didn’t get out, so she said, “Mac, why don’t you show me the gym? I think I might take you up on that workout.”
OutLook had a complete fitness center on the third level down, taking the entire floor, and that’s where Cass and Mac ended up. 
“Weights, treadmills, all sorts of exercise machines for people who don’t want to do sparring or some other sort of interactive exercise, but those aren’t for me, they keep telling me that I have to be ready for anything even though I work mostly here and not in the field, there might be a job they need me and if I can’t defend myself where will I be?”
“I agree,” said Cass. “Where’s Master Cordova’s studio?”
“Oh, down this way, but if we’re going to do anything, we have to hit the locker room and change first, wouldn’t do to try Hapkido in street clothes, and did you bring a gi of any sort with you?”
“No.”
“That’s okay, I can get one for you to borrow, it’s not a big deal, people come and go here all the time, you wouldn’t believe how much laundry actually has to get done, it was one of the tasks I was given, to write a program that would track whose clothing was being cleaned and how often, not all that interesting really but a little challenge because people didn’t want anyone “official” to know how often their underwear was being washed, pretty silly huh?”
They had passed several doors, some open, and Cass had peered into every single one, not caring what people thought. They were all pretty similar, with padded walls and floors, though she had seen a couple rooms with punching bags and speed bags, as well as what she would have sworn was a ballet studio.
“Here we are.” Mac stopped in front of a pair of doors. “Do you want to observe first or do you just want to see if Master Cordova can get you into the lesson, I’m sure he wouldn’t mind either way, but maybe you should watch for a while first since you don’t know Hapkido, it’s the door to the left, that leads to the gallery, I’ll go down and talk to him and maybe convince him to do a demonstration?”
“Sounds like a plan,” laughed Cass, wending her way through Mac’s speech to the eventual point. The door slid away in front of her.
The gallery was pretty small, with a couple of rows of seats set about three meters above the studio floor. Cass was the only one present. She could see one person, presumably Master Cordova, standing before a group and leading them through a series of moves. 
The Hapkido version of a roda, she figured out. 
She watched, fascinated, as they repeated various kicks, punches, sweeps, and other moves. Some students were quite advanced, while others were apparent novices, yet the Master had patience for them all.
Several minutes later, Mac emerged from a door beneath the gallery dressed in her gi. Bowing, she approached Master Cordova, who stepped away from the class with a smile to talk to the diminutive agent. Although Cass couldn’t hear the conversation, she had no trouble imagining it:
“Master Cordova I brought someone new today who might want to do some training, she’s doesn’t know anything about Hapkido but she says she used to study something called capoeira, she didn’t really explain too much about it, she doesn’t have a gi so we’d need to get one for her and she’s sitting up in the gallery waiting for me to talk to you so here I am and what do you think?”
The end of the sentence was evident as Master Cordova turned and took a quick glance at Cass before returning his attention to Mac. Whatever he said was brief.
“Come down!” called Mac, heedless of any decorum.
Face flushing as every eye in the studio turned to look, Cass found her way up then back down to the class to be met by Mac.
“Master Cordova said yes!” blurted Mac. “Isn’t that great? It’s going to be so much fun, and -”
“What was the question?” Cass interrupted the spiel. 
“Oh! I asked him if you could join for a few days. I explained we have to get you a gi first so let’s go and find one, then we can come back after this session is finished. Master Cordova can maybe do a personal lesson with you since you don’t know anything about it.”
A gi was quickly located. Cass found herself inexplicably nervous she approached the studio door again. Perhaps it was missing Kendra for the first time in months; maybe it was the borrowed clothes; or maybe it was not knowing what she was walking into. For the first time since her flight from her wedding, she was at loose ends, and it was uncomfortable.
“Earth to Cass?” Mac’s voice broke through her ruminations.
“Sorry. Woolgathering.” Taking a deep breath, she stepped through the door.
Chapter 10: A Three-Hour Tour

An APV was an uncomfortable way to travel. 
Short for Amphibious Powered Vehicle, it was a strictly utilitarian creation with no luxuries and little comfort. Three people were pushing its capacity limits, and the waves on the Ponchartrain Bay were pounding at the tiny craft.
“Good thing none of us are prone to seasickness,” joked Kendra.
“Speak for yourself,” answered Evan, turning so she could see his face. She noticed, then, his pallor. “But the medicine helps. Not talking about it helps more.”
“Sorry,” she replied. “How much longer?” she asked instead.
“Five more minutes to Lake Borgne,” answered Jamey, piloting the tiny craft. “Once there, I can open her up and get some speed on. It’ll be another hour or so until we can make landfall in Mississippi. We have to get beyond their patrols, which stick mostly to the area around the coast. I plan on heading into the Mississippi Sound and land on one of the islands.” Jamey checked the radar before he continued. “We keep a couple old fishing boats stashed out there. After a couple hours and a quick change of ID, we’ll simply motor into Gulfport and open our instructions. Nothing to it.”
Kendra was impressed and said so.
“Been doing this for a while,” said Jamey. 
“He’s been doing this,” corrected Evan. “This is my first insertion into the Confederacy, and if I have anything to say about it, my last.” He was a pale green.
“I’m sure Director Talbott considered every aspect before selecting you for this mission,” lied Kendra in what she hoped was a reassuring tone. She really didn’t want him to get sick in here!
“So, Evan, how long have you been working for OutLook?” Maybe if she kept him talking, it would help.
“Three years next October,” he answered.
“And what do you do?”
“I’m primarily a forensic accountant, but I have a smattering of legal training as well.”
“But you’re a field agent?” Her voice couldn’t contain her surprise. To her mind, accountants were little old men with a monk’s haircut, half-moon glasses, and a permanent squint.
“You’d be surprised at how fiercely people protect their books,” he countered. “I have to be able to access the records, and most of the companies I have to look into are pretty clever about isolating their systems. I can’t always hack in remotely, you know?”
“I guess,” she said. “You’re up on hand-to-hand?”
“Three forms of karate and gold gloves in boxing,” he replied proudly. “Haven’t had to use it much lately, but I’ve stayed in practice.”
“Uh-huh.” Kendra was dubious. In her experience, practice didn’t substitute for field use, but maybe he was more than just a seasick accountant.
The conversation pretty well died there. Jamey kept them posted on their progress, but that was about it. Kendra lost herself in thoughts of Cass. Evan concentrated on not redecorating the cabin.
Chapter 11: Keep the Beat

In her borrowed gi, Cass took two steps into the studio, stopped, bowed to Master Cordova, and then straightened. She was pleased to note a slight smile on his face. She’d guessed right.
“Welcome to my dojang,” said Cordova in a cultured voice. “Agent McAllister told me that you were interested in attending a few sessions while you were here?”
“Not exactly,” answered Cass. “I need to keep in practice, but I already have an art I am familiar with. Capoeira? Do you know it?”
“I am aware of it,” he answered. “I don’t know anything about it. Perhaps you could demonstrate a few moves?”
Cass thought for a moment, then nodded. “I’ll need my music. Do you have a playback system in here?”
By way of answer, he pointed to a terminal she hadn’t noticed in a far corner.
“Just a minute, then,” she said. 
Capoeira, while a martial art, is intimately tied to music. The practices are set up as a game, almost always played to a musical background, usually a rhythmic, percussive melody accompanied by the chants of the capoeiristas waiting for their turns. While solo practice is not forbidden, it is discouraged, as the art is best expressed in a pairing, and this is what occupied Cass’s thoughts now.
“Mac,” she called over her shoulder. “I need a partner. Are you up for something different?”
“I don’t know, all I’ve learned is Hapkido, not your capo-whatsit, so I’d be totally at a loss, and that wouldn’t be good, would it?” 
“I suppose not,” said Cass. “Master Cordova?”
“I could try,” he replied. “May I see you at practice first?”
Cass considered while fiddling with the controls. 
“I can run through some of the moves,” she decided. “It won’t be as representative of the dance, though.”
Mac said, “Dance? I thought this was fighting not dance what do you mean a dance?”
Cass had to laugh. “Try to keep up, Mac!” 
She approached the center of the dojang. Cass knelt, both palms on the floor, one leg extended, as the music began.
“I chose the Angola for the tocque,” she said, standing fluidly and stretching. “It’s a basic tocque for demonstrations of equilibrium and strength.” While talking, Cass placed her hands on the ground again and rocked back and forth. Then she began a series of moves, stylish and graceful. Aiyana executed leg sweeps, rolls, and flips, all strangely flowing, almost in slow motion. The power and potential behind each move were apparent.
The initial sequence took a few minutes.
Cass stood fully. “Ready, Master Cordova?”
“Ready, Mistress Cassidy,” he answered. “Is there an opening ceremony?”
She didn’t correct the last name. “I’ll show you.” 
Aiyana lowered herself to the ground, balanced on the balls of her feet, then extended her hand. He copied her, clasping her hand.
“Just do what moves you feel you need to avoid my attacks,” she said, beginning to rock again. “This is called the ginga. It’s the basis of just about every aspect of the art.”
 As she spoke, she kicked at him, which he instinctively blocked.
“You don’t block. You evade,” Cass corrected. “Try something.”
He watched for a few seconds, then launched himself at her. Without breaking the rhythm of her moves, she side-stepped his attack, coming around behind him and striking him with an elbow to his back as he passed.
“The ginga allows you to attack or defend,” Aiyana clarified. “You don’t absorb the attack. You allow your opponent to show an opening, then you attack.”
“I see,” grinned Cordova, allowing his body to move to the tocque’s beat. “But what if I do this?” 
He swept his leg towards her. To his surprise, she flipped backward on her hands out of his reach, landed on her feet, and immediately resumed her ginga.
“Esquivas,” she said. “Evade. You want to try again?”
He shook his head. “Why don’t you attack inst-”
Before he could finish, she had started turning cartwheels, careful to stay out of his reach until she had circled behind. From her hands, still upside-down, Aiyana pushed towards him feet-first. He blocked the kick, but her head impacted solidly with his chest. He fell back, converting the fall into a roll. She followed with another forward flip, this time connecting with her feet and knocking him onto his back. The sequence ended with her sitting on his chest, feet pinning his arms to the ground. Cass grinned, gathered herself, and bounced up and over his shoulders.
“Impressive,” he said, new respect in his eyes as he rose.
The sparring continued for about twenty minutes, neither totally subduing the other. Cass did deal far more punishment than she absorbed. When the music ended, she stepped back and wiped the sweat away from her eyes.
“Well done, Master Cordova,” she said. “You were picking up on it pretty well by the end.”
“Please,” he responded, “Call me Jason. Or I’ll be forced to keep calling you Mistress Cassidy.”
“Fair enough,” she laughed. “Cass.”
“Oh boy, I’m so glad we’re all friends here now, you know that was just amazing, Cass, I couldn’t believe my eyes, and when you took down Jason -”
In a frosty voice, Cordova said, “I’m still Master Cordova to you, Agent McAllister.” 
For once, Mac didn’t have anything to say.

Chapter 12: Check Your Seat for All Personal Possessions

The APV bypassed the first of the Mississippi islands.
“Cat Island,” said Jamey. “It’s not inhabited, rarely visited, and seriously swampy.”
“Then why not stop here?” asked Kendra, now sitting across from him. Evan had decided he might be better off not seeing the water and had switched places with her. “It sounds perfect. We don’t want to meet up with anyone, do we?”
“No, but there has to be some traffic to and fro, or we’ll be too conspicuous. We’ll land on the south coast of Ship Island and hike across. I just hope...” His voice trailed off.
“Hope what?” she prompted.
“Well, Ship is home to a historic site. Fort Massachusetts. It’s an abandoned installation from the First Civil War. Lots of tourists come to see it, which is good for us. Three more people won’t be noticed. On the other hand, there is a security presence on the island to keep them from chipping off pieces of the stonework and what have you. It’s pretty minimal, but they might be marginally more alert.”
“Then we’ll just have to be more careful than they are alert,” answered Kendra. “We can discuss it once we see the arrangements.” She thought for a long moment. “You said there’s a fishing boat stashed here? We’re supposed to use them to get to the mainland?”
“Two,” corrected Jamey. Evan didn’t say anything, but she could sense his awareness.
“Why use them?”
“That’s the plan!” declared Evan.
“Agent, if you want to survive in this business, one of the first things you have to learn is to take advantage of opportunities,” said Kendra coldly.
“Well, duh!” snapped back Evan.
She shook her head. “You’re missing the chance here, boys. This place has people wandering around. Tourists, right?”
Jamey nodded, and Kendra continued. “Why not just slip in with them? They have transportation, somehow. Wouldn’t that be easier than trying to find a hidden boat, get it running, and motor to shore?”
No answer from Evan. Jamey said, “That does make sense. Hold on, this is the tough bit.”
Landing on the south shore of Ship Island was tricky. Waves from the Gulf pounded the land, concealing the contours of the coast. Neither Kendra nor Evan had any experience reading the radar return. To them, it showed so much clutter. Nor could Jamey take his attention from the approach to interpret. The old but still-active GPS system was only helpful for the visible features. The underwater obstacles remained hidden. Thus, early in the summer evening, they made their landing by dead reckoning and occasional compass fixes, much as rumrunners had done two centuries earlier.
“Land! Oh, thank you!” Evan scrambled over Kendra and out. Kendra followed more sedately, and finally, after a brief pause at the controls, Jamey. 
“What about the APV?” asked Kendra. “Won’t the Rangers or whoever get interested if they find it abandoned here?”
“They would,” replied Jamey. “But they won’t.”
“Huh?” was Kendra’s comment.
“I triggered the autopilot. Set to return to HQ. These babies aren’t cheap. If I lost this, Talbott would take it out my hide and out of my paycheck for the next ten years!” Sure enough, the little APV’s canopy closed before it backed into the surf, where it was quickly concealed by the still-churning waves.
“Problem solved,” said Jamey with pride.
“Almost,” corrected Kendra.
“Almost? It’s perfect!” insisted Jamey. “We’re here, nobody spotted us, and the APV is gone! What else could you want?”
“Our instructions?”
“Our instructions?” parroted Jamey.
“Remember? Mission?” Kendra’s voice was getting patient. To anyone who knew her, this wasn’t a good sign.
“Instructions.”
“In the APV.”
“Oh –”
“What’s the plan, genius?” Kendra snapped, patience exhausted.
“Um. Evan?”
“Remote?”
“Remote!” Jamey seized on the word.
“Remote,” was Kendra’s dubious reply. “And getting more remote every second. Explain. Quickly.”
“This,” said Evan, pulling a small device from an inside pocket. 
“The APV has an auto-drive feature, which Jamey engaged, but by pressing this button,” he demonstrated, “You can summon it to your location. Handy, yes?”
“Lucky, more like,” grudgingly admitted Kendra. “A little too clever there, Jamey. Maybe you ought to fill me in on your plans before you execute them? Seeing as how I’m the senior agent?”
“Sorry.”
Chapter 13: Chinese Ideogram for Trouble

“Mac, I want to find a terminal.”
After her workout, Cass had showered and changed. She emerged from the locker room to find Mac awaiting her.
“Oh sure Cass, what do you want to do, find some vids or maybe some music, or just check the news or what, we have all sorts of terminals all over the place, so I’m sure we can find one we can use.”
“I need to check my messages, do some more digging. I have to find out what’s been going on with HLC.”
Mac’s usually sunny face fell. “That might be more difficult, guests aren’t supposed to have access to outside networks, it’s not my choice it’s the policy and I don’t have anything to do with it so please don’t hate me!”
“Mac,” Cass wheedled. “I need to do this, and I need your help. I can’t live my life wondering who’s going to come after me next, and I can’t hide forever either.”
“Well...”
“You did say you’re adept at this sort of thing, didn’t you?”
“Oh yes! That’s my field, IT, I’m really, really good at it, so good that my handle is Ghost, that’s what they call me, because nobody ever sees me when I’m sneaking in and out of networks, I haven’t been caught yet!”
“Perfect! Then it shouldn’t be any problem for you to help me get into the HLC computers, should it?”
“Do you know what sort of servers they run and what their encryption is, it’ll really help if you know that, but if you don’t I can figure it out or get the information somewhere else, boy this is going to be fun!” By the end, Mac was nearly bubbling.
“First, I have to get my messages. Where can we do that?” Full circle.
“There are terminals all over but if we’re going to do this on the down-low then we need one that doesn’t have a lot of foot traffic and I think I know just the place come on, follow me!”
They ended up in a classroom on the second floor above ground.
“Don’t worry, nobody’ll come in here until tomorrow, all the classes are done for the day, I already checked.”
Cass didn’t really hear; she was already accessing her mail account.
“Oh, damn, Lisa, you brilliant maniac!” she exclaimed. 
“What is it, is there something wrong, who’s Lisa?”
“Lisa’s an old friend, she’s trying to help me out, and I asked her for a favor. This is what she said,” answered Cass, who then read the message aloud.
“Cass,” it began. “Don’t know what you did, but all hell’s broken loose here. Your lab is locked down. Security is questioning everyone who works there and everyone who knows you. They already talked to me. I think I threw them off, but don’t reply to this. You know how to reach me.”
“She sounds like she’s in trouble.” Mac was subdued.
“The timestamp is yesterday afternoon. Mac, I need a phone.”
“What about the terminal, you asked for a terminal, not a phone!”
Aiyana grabbed the smaller woman’s shoulders, ignoring the flinch, and said, “Mac! Lisa’s my friend. I asked for a favor, and she might be in trouble! I have to call her and find out how she is!”
Mac considered this. “I suppose I can figure something out, after all it’s just a phone call, what could possibly go wrong?”
“That’s the spirit!” Aiyana said. “Where do we need to go?”
A moment later, Mac produced a phone and held it out.
“No video, and we can only maintain the connection for a minute, so you’d better be quick, no long chats, I’ll be listening as well, and don’t tell her where you are!”
“Yes, mother,” answered Cass, taking it from Mac. She punched in Lisa’s code, trying to remember her husband’s name. They didn’t share a surname, so she couldn’t just say, “Hello Mr. Mantchev!”. She remembered that much. Keith? Karl?
It rang twice before a man’s voice answered. 
“Hello.”
Ah! She remembered the name. “Kevin?”
“Who’s calling? Your screen isn’t on.” The voice was a little bit off. Something about it wasn’t matching her memories. Aiyana hadn’t talked to him often, but she did know his voice, and this wasn’t quite right.
“Is Lisa around?” she asked.
She should be. It was nearly dinnertime, and one thing Cass knew was that Lisa made a point of being home every night in time to sit down with her husband.
“She’s not available. Can I take a message, tell her who called?” And that was wrong too. Kevin knew her, just like she knew him. Maybe not close, but close enough to be less precise, less formal.
Mac was making “hurry up” gestures, and Cass had to agree. There was definitely something wrong.
“I’ll try back later,” she said and disconnected.
“Too bad she wasn’t home, but I’m glad you listened and didn’t say -”
“Mac, something’s happened to her. I’ve got to talk to Kendra.”
Mac looked dubious. “We might have to talk to the Director.”
“You’re scared of her, not me. Lead on.”
#
“Impossible.”
They had been granted an audience almost immediately. Cass wasn’t sure whether to be honored or suspicious, but she decided to roll with it while she could.
“What do you mean, impossible? Don’t you have all sorts of super-spy things, implants, subdermal transmitters, all that? Hell, can’t I just pick up a phone and call? What if you have to get hold of them?”
“Dr. Foster-Briggs, it’s not that simple. Our agents are trained to operate with complete autonomy. The agent must initiate any contact between them and the Complex here. It’s a security measure, you see.”
“I don’t. Pretend I’m stupid and explain it to me.”
Director Talbott looked like a teacher faced with a recalcitrant five-year-old. 
“Kendra is undercover. She -” Talbott checked the time. “She should be infiltrating the New Confederacy about now. Suppose she’s talking with a border official, trying to pass as a simple tourist. What do you think would happen if a piece of highly-controlled technology should happen to take that moment to activate?”
Cass didn’t like that idea. “That’s a fair point. Surely, though, she, or one of the other agents, will be checking in at some point. Can I talk to her then?”
Talbott shook her head. “The next communication I expect from them is when they reach Palmdale, and that only to confirm they’ve contacted the next pair of agents. I won’t have a chance to get a message to Kendra before she is passed to the next link in the chain.”
“Then tell them to have Kendra call in!” Cass exclaimed, exasperated. 
“That won’t work either.”
“Stop telling me what you can’t or won’t do for me and tell me what you will!” shouted Cass.
“I will confine you to your quarters if you don’t control yourself!” barked Talbott. Mac, already standing well in the background, shrank even further away. The Talbott Temper was legendary. She didn’t want to be near when it finally blew.
Aiyana, ignorant of her danger, stood and fired right back. “You might run this, what did you call it, the Complex? Let’s get one thing clear: I don’t work for you! If you try to confine me, I’ll leave, and if you try to stop me, we’ll see how many of your agents I can put into the hospital before they take me down!”
Mac edged towards the door.
“I could take you out myself without breaking a sweat, and as long as you’re in the Complex, you will do what I say!”
“Try me, Talbott, try me! I had a great warmup earlier today with your pet martial artist, and I would love to see what I could do to your sorry ass!” She began to make the rocking movements of the ginga.
Mac’s hand found the exit control. Too late.
“McAllister! Get over here and put this uppity bitch in her place!”
Mac took a step forward and stopped. 
“No, ma’am.” She looked surprised at the words as they left her mouth.
“What did you just say, Agent?” Talbott’s voice could have cut through durasteel.
“No. I won’t. It’s not right, and it’s not fair to Cass or Kendra.” Mac braced for the onslaught.
Talbott looked from one woman to the other, shocked. Then she inhaled, released, sat back behind her desk, and, what? Laughed?
“I suppose we’ll just have to do something else, won’t we? Oh, sit down, Doctor. You too, Mac.” As they took wary steps towards chairs, Talbott continued. “If you can inspire that sort of loyalty in a person you’ve only known a few days, well, perhaps I’d better rethink my position. A skill like that is worth preserving, or at least removing from an adversarial position.”
“You’ll contact Kendra?” said Cass, hardly believing what she was hearing but unwilling to let the opportunity slide.
“No, but not because I won’t; I can’t. But I think I might have another option for you.”
“I’m listening.”

Chapter 14: Not Another Boat!

Fort Massachusetts was a relic, preserved for posterity through constant effort against all Nature could throw at it. A D-shaped masonry structure initially located a few hundred meters from the north shore of Ship, decades of erosion and hurricanes had swept away the land. Now only a few meters separated the water from the curved outer wall. Typical of construction of the period, shallow arches provided ample access to the interior.
After the near-debacle with the APV, Kendra’s infiltration plan was accepted by silent assent. One by one, Evan, Jamey, and Kendra slipped into the groups of tourists wandering around the fort, mingling and striking up conversations with random strangers. Drifting with the human tide, they made their way to the ferry landing, where a young attendant gathered the visitors.
“Last ferry! Ten minutes until the last ferry leaves for Gulfport!” he called, then spoke more quietly to a young woman who had apparently asked a question. “If you lost your ticket, you have to pay the full fare for return, twenty dixies.”
Another question.
“Not my rule, sorry.”
Another question.
“Cash only. No credit, no e-deb. Ten minutes!” he called again after the teenager moved on.
Kendra was close enough to hear half the conversation. It eased her mind a bit, but quick on the heels of that thought came a less-pleasant one: did she have any dixies? Without making too much of it, she started searching her bag. Ah, there! Not many, but enough. Emboldened, she strode toward the boat.
Boarding was simplicity itself. Kendra crossed a short gangplank, and she was aboard. No ticket check, nobody collecting fares, nothing. She wandered, noting the location of lifeboats, emergency supplies, all the minutiae that a trained agent does without a second thought to ensure her survival. Kendra managed to find both Evan and Jamey during her self-guided tour of the boat and share hurried, whispered conversations.
Of course, neither had a ticket, and neither had brought any cash.
Rookies! she thought. I’ll just have to do the thinking for them. 
Kendra told them each to make themselves scarce. She’d figure something out.
The ferry was punctual, at least. Ten minutes after boarding, the deck’s vibration took on a different feel, and Kendra noticed the gap between the boat and dock growing. 
Now, she thought, they’ll start checking tickets.
She wasn’t far off. The same loud youngster was circulating through the crowd in a few minutes, collecting old-fashioned paper tickets. There seemed to be just the one, which fell nicely into her plan. If there had been two, there might have been trouble, but one?
One, she could handle and be subtle. She didn’t try to evade or dodge; she stood still and waited.
He wasn’t long. The natural milling of the other passengers soon brought him to the one stationary person in the room, Kendra.
“Ticket, please.”
She put a twenty-five dixie note in his hand. 
“Ah’m sorry,” she said in her best drawl. “Ah seem to have lost mah ticket.”
“This is fine, miss. I owe you five dixies.” He started digging through his pockets.
“Oh, no need fo’ that, you jes’ keep it. You work fah too ha’d.”
“Thank you, miss.” He blushed before steeling his courage. “I didn’t get your name.”
“Deering, Wilma Deering, but y’all can call me Wilma.”
The young man, younger than she thought, apparently, stammered his thanks again before adding, “My name’s Chris Blue.”
“Why, such an unusual name!” She batted her eyelashes at him in the time-honored manner and took his arm. “How ever did you start working on this fine little boat?”
That did it. He was hooked. Chris spent the rest of the twenty-kilometer trip with Kendra glued to his side. She unobtrusively steered him away from her fellow agents as he made his rounds. She made little noises of appreciation at even the most banal comment to ensure his focus.
As the ferry approached the Mississippi dock, he reluctantly returned to reality.
“I’m sorry, Miss Wilma, but I have to help tie us up.”
“Oh, what a shame! And Ah was having such a wonderful time listening to your stories!” The thicker she laid it on, the more he lapped it up.
“It won’t take long. Have you had dinner? I know this great little place called the Shrimp Shack. My cousin Gary runs it. They’re always busy, but he can get us in, and they do the finest shrimp and grits this side of Mobile!”
“Sounds heavenly! The Shrimp Shack? Lawdy, yes, you can take me to dinner, just give me a little time to freshen up, won’t you? A girl likes to look her best when out with such a handsome man.” Kendra shuddered inwardly.
The things I do for the job.
“An hour enough time?”
“Oh, more than enough.”
Chris’ grin threatened to split his face in half. 
“An hour, then.” He raced off to help tie the ferry to the dock.
Kendra dropped the Southern belle act found the others. “Ready, boys?”
“What’s the plan?” asked Jamey.
“Get off the boat and get the Hades out of Gulfport before I have to eat grits,” ground out Kendra.

Chapter 15: Electrons in The Night

“I’m really not sure about this.”
Mac was walking Cass back from the meeting. The proposition from Talbott was, on its surface, simple enough: Mac would coordinate the attempt to determine Dr. Mantchev’s status remotely by hacking into HLC’s computers. If that failed, Cass wasn’t sure what the next step would be.
Cass was enthusiastic about the project since they were investigating her friend’s fate; Mac, not so much. 
“Why not?” Cass queried. “I mean, best case, you get into their security remotely, and we don’t have to even leave the building, right? Didn’t you tell me that you’re good at that sort of stuff?”
Mac groaned. “I guess I shouldn’t have said that so often but you’re right if it all goes according to plan, then I can get in and out before they knew what hit them.”
“That’s the spirit!” gushed Cass. She needed Mac to be at her best. Aiyana knew she couldn’t get into Security at HLC, even using her real ID.
“At least I don’t have to worry now that I’ll get in trouble if the Director found out because she already knows and it’s actually her idea, I just hope it works because I’m not good in the field in fact I’ve never been on a mission away from here except for this one run and that wasn’t anything much because there were three of us it’s not like what Kendra does I don’t think I could handle it being out all alone and depending on her skills to keep herself alive and it’s kind of freaking me out just thinking about it.”
“Then stop thinking about it and let’s try to get it done here,” reassured Cass. 
The terminal they had been assigned was in a community access room with three others. To both women’s relief, they were all unoccupied, meaning they wouldn’t have to take extra precautions to keep their session private. Mac found their terminal and settled in. Already, being in front of the screen, she seemed more relaxed. Cass began to hope, but caution caught her first.
“Hold it,” said Cass before Mac got too engrossed.
“Huh? What’s the problem why do you want me to stop?”
“Check the terminal.”
“Huh?”
“I’ve been thinking. Would you say that Talbott usually supports this kind of project?”
“Um, what kind of project do you mean?”
“One brought to her by someone else, someone outside the organization.”
“Oh.” Mac was, mercifully, silent, as she contemplated what Cass was saying.
“Exactly. On top of that? Look, I don’t know her at all, but her change of mood and perspective seems just a little bit, well, suspicious.”
“Oh,” repeated Mac.
“She assigned this terminal to us.”
“Riiiight…”
“I’d be very, very suspicious of this. You’re not the only hacker she employs, right?”
“No…”
“I’m sure you’re the best, but how tough would it be to monitor the traffic from the terminal?”
“Oh, that’s actually really easy, it just takes a repeater, or maybe a splitter down the connection, or –”
“My point exactly,” interrupted Cass, “It’s easy to do. In fact, this terminal could already be rigged for surveillance, ahead of time, right?”
“Oh…”
“Right. That brings us back to what I said,” Cass concluded, triumphant.
“Um. What did you say, I forgot, sorry?”
Cass sighed. “Check the terminal. Make sure it’s secure.”
“I can do that!” Mac took out her personal comp and fiddled, explaining as she did so. “I’m going to use my comp to communicate to an account that I’ll access through the terminal, I can measure how long it takes to respond, I know how fast the system should be, and if there’s any sort of relay there would be a lag in the response time and if it’s a splitter and signal is being diverted I can track that too because the strength will be decreased, so it’s not going to be any problem and oh shit.”
“Tapped?” said Cass.
“Tapped,” agreed Mac. “Splitter and relay both by the results I got.”
“Can you get around them?”
“No, if they were both programming hacks, I could, but the splitter is physical, and it could be anywhere between here and the central network connection. But –”
“But?”
“Well everyone thinks I’m a ditz I know it and it’s not a bad thing sometimes it’s just that I’m better with machines than people but anyways, if we ended up at that terminal –” Mac gestured across the room. “- Well, it would just be old goofy me making another mistake and there’s no way you would know that that wasn’t terminal THX-1187 is there?”
“Mac, you’re a genius!” Mac blushed but didn’t say anything. Instead, she led them to the terminal she’d indicated. Without saying anything else, for once, Mac ran the same tests as she had on the compromised one before turning to Cass and grinning.
“This one’s clean, we can use it without anyone reading what we’re doing, I’m going to have to do a little hack to get out of the local network since this terminal wasn’t set up for external links but that’s easy I do that all the time but don’t tell anyone because I’d get into trouble.” By the time she took a breath, she was smiling broadly. “That’s it, we’re connected and where did you want to go?”
“We need to tap into Heavy Lift Corporation’s network and find out what’s going on with Dr. Lisa Mantchev.”
Mac’s skill was not exaggerated. Using a combination of keystrokes, gestures, and voice commands, she quickly overrode the security HLC had set up around its system.
“Do you have any idea where the information we’re looking for might be stored, I can do a global search and try to find her name but that could be problematic, besides risking triggering an alert since if she’s really in trouble there have to be protocols set up to prevent people from doing what we’re doing, though I could take those down if I have to, but the other issue is there are going to be references to her all through the system, payroll, HR, her lab results, and sooner or later we’re gonna get kicked out of the system so where do we go from here?”
“Why don’t you try their security logs? If they’ve done anything like brought her in unwillingly, they have to have a record of it, right?”
“Sure,” agreed Mac and began her wizardry again. A few moments passed.
“Okay, there’s an entry that corresponds to her address, but it’s pretty unspecific as to who went there and why, just it was part of an ongoing investigation but that could be an interview at her home, not a snatch.”
“An in-home interview doesn’t make sense. Lisa’s at the lab every day, just about, and I know they’ve asked her questions during her workday at least once. No, if they went out to her home, they were there to grab her. Mac, who was notified of that visit?”
“Nobody, it’s just a log entry. The only person who’s accessed it is a muckety-muck in Security, going by their access codes, so someone’s in the loop on this pretty high up.”
Cass thought. “Try payroll. There might be something there. I know off-site work is coded differently because I learned how when I started working from home.”
More fingers flew. “You’re right, there are fifteen entries for off-site work for the period around the notation in the security log, but that’s an awful lot of people to get one scientist, no offense!”
Cass rested a hand on Mac’s shoulder and leaned in to see better. “Can we check the individual entries? Maybe we can narrow them down, figure out which ones were people working from home and eliminate them?”
Mac jumped back into the files. “It’ll take some time, I have to link them to the personnel records, and that can get tricky if I don’t want to leave my fingerprints all over the site.”
“Do what you need to do,” said Cass. She sat back and forced herself to relax. She would figure this out, but she had to rely on Mac’s ability.
“I can get them to display individually but not as a group since they’re scattered all over task codes and departments,” said Mac. 
“They’re coded by department? Why didn’t you say so?” Cass was at the monitor in a flash.
“Is that important?”
“They wouldn’t send someone from, say, Optics to visit Lisa. She’s a bioelectrical engineer, and she works in the Power Generation department. It’s gotta be either someone from that department or Security.”
“Or uncoded,” added Mac. “There’s four of those, they don’t have a departmental code, they’re just pay entries, and pretty hefty ones too if I’m reading this right, they must have some sweet jobs to get paid that much!”
No code? Big money? Cass grasped Mac’s arm. “Those four. Can you get into their files?”
Mac tapped for a few moments before shaking her head. “I can’t, actually it’s not that I can’t but they don’t seem to have files, not like you do or the other regular employees, there’s not even a name listed, just routing and account numbers so their pay can get to them, other than that there’s nothing at all not even a date of hire. Ooh, this is interesting, the same Security officer who accessed the log is all over their pay entries, does HLC usually have Security mess around with payroll information?”
“Not as far as I know. Mac, I think we’ve found our scumbags,” said Cass. “Now we have to figure out, wait. No, it doesn’t matter who they are, does it?”
Mac looked confused, but Cass didn’t notice. She was running ideas out loud, not really looking for feedback. She started ticking points on her fingers and gesturing as she moved around the room.
“We have four people who don’t exist in the system except as highly-paid codes with no personal data. We need to know what they did with Lisa, where they took her, what’s happened with Kevin, what she’s told them – all sorts of things. Records, records, records, there have to be records somewhere!”
“Um, Cass?”
Cass didn’t hear Mac. “How do we find them? Dammit, it has to be simple, or we’re in trouble!”
“Cass?” repeated Mac, a little more firmly.
“Uh? What?”
“I didn’t want to interrupt you, you seem to be thinking hard, but I have to tell you two things, well one thing I have to tell you right away, and the other can probably wait.”
Cass stopped pacing. “Okay, what do you have to tell me?”
“HLC is trying to trace the hack, and I have to disconnect or they’ll find out who did it and that wouldn’t make the Director happy at all and you’ve seen how she gets when -”
“Mac, shut up and drop the link!”
“Right.” Mac got them out of the system. “I can get back in when you want me to, it won’t be that hard unless they change all their protocols which they can’t do anyway, not on short notice like that, so we have some time before we’re permanently locked out it’ll just take a little work on my end to go through a different router and my cut-outs so that they aren’t able to trace us quickly.”
Aiyana worked through the thought. “Now that we’re safe – we are safe, right? Yes or no, Mac.”
“Yes.” Cass could see it nearly killed Mac to use a single word.
“Good. What was the other thing you wanted to tell me?”
“Oh yeah, it’s about the records you want, I was thinking that it wouldn’t make much sense for them to keep them in the system, you see how vulnerable they are to attacks, and that’s not the kind of thing you want to keep in there so if I was them, not that I am or would ever do something like you think they did to your friend, that really sucks, and it’s just mean too, in any case, if I was them I’d just have a paper file in a safe or something.”
Aiyana thought she was catching on to Mac’s mode of speech, worried about it briefly, then shook it off. “If it’s on paper, there’s no way we can get to it from here, is there?”
“Probably not, unless they’ve done something really foolish like scan it in for their own records, or maybe they made a copy of it, that might have happened, and if they did, then there’s going to be a memory scan in the machine, the problem there is if it’s a dedicated copier it’s a standalone and not tapped into the network, and if it’s a combination unit in someone’s office then it’s connected, but they’re dumb, that makes them hard to find, all of which means we’d have to go to every machine and check their memories which could take a long, long time even if we got in there, we’d have to pose as technicians or something.”
“Wouldn’t it be simpler if -” started Cass, but Mac had a head of steam up and carried on.
“There’d have to be some sort of problem for techs to be called in, though, wonder if I could dump some sort of virus into the system that would affect the copiers, it might have to be a physical attack instead, maybe some nanotech, but we’d have to already be there or maybe use someone as our mule to bring it into the building, even then there’s no guarantee that they’ll call for outside help because I’m there are good techs on-site with all the servers they have, why do they need that many servers anyway?”
“Mac!”
Mac looked up from her musing.
“We don’t want to poke around every copier, do we? Wouldn’t it be easier just to find the paper file? Assuming we have to infiltrate HLC. Damn. That’s not something I ever expected to be doing!” Aiyana shook her head at the turn her life had taken in the past ten days.
“Well, if you put it that way...”
Before Mac could get rolling, Cass interrupted. “We still have to figure out where that file would be. Got any ideas?”
“Actually, yes, if I can tease some more information out of those payroll records, I might be able to tell who they reported to, or at least what department, that would narrow it down so it wouldn’t take quite as long to search, we know that it would have to be someone high up in HLC to order this, there might only be two or three names, we could get in and out pretty quickly in that case, and there’s that Security officer whose codes are all over this, I’ll bet anything that they’re the ones with the file if there is a file which I’m not entirely sure of but like you said it does seem to be the best bet if I can’t find anything online which I’ll check for before we try to do anything on the ground.”
“We’re going to do this, aren’t we?” Cass realized. “I’m not the secret agent in the family. Kendra is!”
“Guess she’ll have a little competition then.”

Chapter 16: This Doesn’t Look Right

Leaving Gulfport was easy. Maglev trains ran hourly for Jackson, the state capitol, about a hundred and eighty kilometers away. From there, depending on their specific orders, they could catch transport to anywhere on the continent.
Evan sealed the compartment door before Kendra pulled the Impervalope from her bag.
“Anyone want to make a bet? I’ve got a hundred credits we end up in Las Vegas. Evan? Jamey?” she asked. “Chicago, we know. Wonder how she plans to get us into the California Confederacy? Last I heard, they weren’t talking to the Imperium.”
She licked the seal then hesitated before opening it. 
“Last chance. Any takers? Come on, ten dollars says we get sent off to Big Sky. No? Cowards.” 
Kendra pulled the old-fashioned paper out and read.
“” You will proceed by most expedient means to Chicago, Illinois, Northern Imperium. The package will be delivered to you there by a local agent. From there, you will proceed to the Big Sky Lands,” ha! I knew it!. Um. Right, “Big Sky Lands, exchange ID with our agent in Butte,” oh, Zeus, Butte? It’s the armpit of a particularly smelly giant. Crap on toast. “Then fly directly into the California Confederacy. Do not attempt entry by land into the Confederacy. You will be met at the border of the Duchy of Lancaster by the agents already named to you at Eighteen hours, local time, the day after tomorrow. Good luck.”
She snorted. ““Good luck.” Nice touch, eh?” She looked at her two companions and was underwhelmed by their responses. Evan was already investigating connections to Chicago on a secure padd. while Jamey was staring out the window. “You boys got that? Good.”
Kendra closed her eyes. It was going to be a long, long night.
Gulfport to Jackson via maglev.
Jackson to Louisville and inspection at the border, a reasonably quick process.
A short ride across Indiana to the Imperium. The inspection was considerably tighter than the Confederacy border, possibly due to the Imperium's constant economic and military pressure. Comprising only four former states, it still managed to be a manufacturing powerhouse in the fractured mess the North American continent had become. The Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River gave them access to the Atlantic and worldwide markets and independence the United States hated.
Chicago was the center of the Imperium, the seat of the Daleys. The official capital was Milwaukee, but that mattered only to the bureaucrats who lived and worked there. Trade, military power, and political influence flowed through Chicago, so the money and people followed. The 2040 War of Independence had scarcely scratched the city. The population had never stopped growing, starting with ten million at the time of the war and now approaching double that. 
It was an easy place to go unnoticed.
The meeting was set for five a.m. at the base of the old Navy Pier. Even at that ungodly hour, the Pier was busy with tourists. Kendra felt a grudging stir of admiration for the planning. She was contemplating the Ferris wheel towering overhead when she was nearly knocked over.
“Hey!” she exclaimed, recovering her balance. “Watch where you’re going!”
Her accidental assailant backed off. “My apologies, miss, I wasn’t looking out for myself.”
She noted the recognition signal, bit off her sharper retort, and replied, “I suppose I could have looked, too. No harm done, at least.”
Signals exchanged, the smaller man said, “Very gracious of you.”
“Not at all.” He didn’t offer any indication he had verbal instructions for her, so she strolled further onto the pier. After a few moments, she checked her pockets and found a note which hadn’t been there before. In an unfamiliar script, it read, “There’s a Twentieth-century submarine, the former USS Chicago at the end of the pier. You might want to check it out on your visit. I don’t know when it opens, but you never know. See you later. Jerald.”
Kendra headed for the end of the kilometer-long pier, the sky above her turning from black to a deep blue as she walked, stars fading in the growing light. As she walked, she transmitted back to Evan. 
“Made contact, agent name Jerald, no last name.” She described him, then added, “Can I get confirmation?”
“Roger, wilco, will get back to you with that.”
“You’ve got about five minutes.”
“Roger.”
She walked in silence, enjoying the chill air of the lake, wishing that Cass were there with her.
Less than a full day, and I already wish I were back in her arms. The sooner I get this done, the sooner we can get back to solving our problem. Or not. We could always just say to hell with it, leave the country, hell, leave the planet!
By the time Jamey had confirmed Olp’s status, she found herself at the edge of the pier, staring down at an antique Los Angeles-class submarine. A rope stretched across the gangplank, and a sentry on the dock prevented entry. 
What the hell, she figured. Kendra approached him.
“Good morning,” she began.
“Good morning, ma’am,” he replied. His shirt had a nametag that said Monegain. “Can I help you?”
“I was wondering if I could tour the submarine?” she asked, totally winging it.
“Ma’am?” His look of confusion was too genuine to be manufactured.
“Tour? Look around? Don’t you do tours? This is a retired sub, isn’t it?”
“No, ma’am, it is not. The NIS Chicago is an active unit in the Imperium’s navy and is not open for tours.”
“Oh, I must have – oh.” 
Shit.
“Is there a problem?” said another voice. This one was female.
“No, ma’am!” said Monegain more crisply. “Just helping this lady, ma’am!”
“Really?” She turned to face Kendra. “Ma’am?”
She was about Kendra’s height, with long brown hair tied back from her head, friendly eyes, and a NI lieutenant's dual stripes on her coat.
“I was taking a walk because a friend suggested I check out the submarine at the end of the pier. I hadn’t heard of any such thing, and I figured why not? I assumed it was a museum or something. My mistake.” Kendra made as if to walk away, but the lieutenant stopped her.
“Well, technically, we’re on active duty, but what the hell. Step aside, Seaman.”
“Aye aye, ma’am.” Monegain did just that, removing the rope barrier as well.
“Thank you, lieutenant,” said Kendra after they’d crossed onto the hull.
“You’re welcome, ma’am.”
Kendra laughed. “You have to stop calling me ma’am. Kendra Cassidy.”
“Lieutenant Tara Henderson, Navigator.” The women shook hands, then Henderson led Kendra to an open hatch behind the sail. 
“I should lead,” she said and descended into the sub. Hoping this was the right decision, Kendra followed.
At the bottom of the ladder were two more Seamen. To be accurate, one Seaman, one Seawoman, standing to the side. Lieutenant Henderson waited until Kendra descended, then addressed them.
“Anderson, I want you and Sanzari to escort Ms. Cassidy to the wardroom. I’ll meet you there shortly.”
“Aye, Ma’am!” snapped Anderson. “This way, please,” he said, and as Henderson headed forward, they headed aft.
At a plain steel door, Anderson stopped and opened it. “If you’ll wait here, ma’am?”
“Thank you,” answered Kendra, stepping through the hatch. Sanzari followed and dogged the hatch shut. Kendra ignored her.
“Life is short,” said Sanzari.
“But the years are long,” replied a surprised Kendra. She had assumed that Henderson was her contact, not an enlisted sailor. On reflection, she supposed it made sense. Much easier to get in and out on short commitments that way. “Zeus take me! Sorry, Sanzari. I didn’t know who my contact was.”
“No problem, Agent Cassidy.”
“Kendra. We’re all chickens together here.”
Sanzari chuckled. “Whatever you say, Kendra.” She moved to the lockers on the wardroom wall and opened one. Sanzari extracted a standard-looking envelope.
“I don’t know what this is, I don’t want to know, but I’m glad it’s out of my hands,” she said, handing it to Kendra. She tucked it into her bag.
“Thanks.”
“No problem,” answered Sanzari, then smiled. “And congratulations on your marriage.”
“Word still travels fast, I see,” Kendra said with an answering smile.
“Nothing slows down the rumor mill,” agreed Sanzari. “I -” 
She stopped as the handle to the door turned, the military mask dropping back over her visage. She slipped a fast wink at Kendra, then was all business again.
“Thank you, Sanzari,” said Henderson, ducking through the hatch. “Dismissed.” 
Without a word, Sanzari saluted and left.
“Now, then, Ms. Cassidy, if you’ll come with me, I think we can give you that tour you wanted.”
Oh boy.



Chapter 17: Beware of Greeks...

“You think we can?” asked Cass, taking a wide, sweeping kick at Mac’s torso.
“Ow! I know we can, it’s just a matter of pulling it all together and getting the right people and right equipment, ouch! We can’t do it ourselves, we’re going to need at least one and maybe two more agents to help get us in and out even with the best IDs we can, oof!” Mac rocked sideways to avoid another kick and collided solidly with Cass’s follow-up elbow strike.
The women were in the dojang, getting in an early morning workout. Cass was teaching Mac basic capoeira moves. To her astonishment, the much-slighter woman was picking them up readily. The unusual martial art, and Aiyana’s skill, had drawn a group to the gallery to observe them.
“Does that happen much?” Cass nodded towards the people above them.
“Not often, but sometimes, lots of the agents here do martial arts, and there’s always an interest in learning a new move or two, I guess they heard about your session with Master Cordova, you know the only thing faster than light is gossip, and they wanted to see for themselves.”
“I don’t usually perform for crowds,” muttered Cass.
Mac stopped, faced the gallery, and yelled, “HEY! You guys are making Cass uncomfortable! You want to watch, you have to be down here on the floor, not up there where it’s safe!”
“What the frak are you doing?” demanded Cass.
“Emptying the gallery, isn’t that what you wanted, see, it’s emptier already!”
The seats were nearly empty, Cass realized. “As long as they’re gone, I guess it’s okay. I just hope they don’t all take you up on your offer.”
“Offer what offer, I didn’t make an offer all I said is they had to come down here where, oh!”
“Yeah, oh,” said Cass grimly as the dojang door opened and the first person stepped in. She set herself into her ginga. “You’d better get ready.”
“For what?”
“If I’m going to give a demonstration, I’m going to need a sparring partner. That means you, Mac.” Determination creased her brow while Mac’s furrowed in worry. 
“Defend yourself.”
“Oh shit.”
#
“Ow.”
Mac was black-and-blue from her shoulders to her ankles. She probed gently at a particularly tender spot and groaned. “Did you have to wallop me? And in so many places?”
Keeping her back turned so Mac couldn’t see the smile, Cass answered, “I got you good? Sorry. Just trying to make it as realistic as possible. Don’t worry, I have my share of bruises. See?” 
She pulled up the gi to reveal a single bruise just above her hip. “You tagged me there. Not bad at all, Mac, not bad at all.”
The PA system announced, “Dr. Foster-Briggs and Agent McAllister, report to the Director’s office immediately.”
Cass stood. “That’s us. Let’s go, Mac.”
The agent hesitated, gesturing at her gi.
“Uh-uh, you keep telling me the Director doesn’t like to wait.” Aiyana, barefooted, set off. Her long legs made for a quick walk. Mac hobbled after, wincing.
“Me and my big mouth.”
#
“Oh, I’m sorry, did I interrupt?” The insincerity in Talbott’s voice was unmistakable.
“Not at all,” replied Cass, genuinely ingenuous. She sat and propped her bare feet on the edge of Talbott’s desk in a calculated demonstration of contempt. The glare from Talbott at the gi-clad scientist could have peeled paint. “Just finished. Right, Mac?”
“Right,” agreed Mac, also settling into a chair, her aches making her oblivious to Talbott’s evident ire.
Barely restraining a growl, Talbott asked, “No luck on the remote access? Pity.”
Hiding a satisfied grin, Aiyana answered, “Not at all, Director. In fact, Mac got us in without any issues. The problem is, we’re at a dead end. The information we need doesn’t seem to be stored on their server. We think it’s in a paper file. Probably somewhere in the security offices.”
“Or possibly in a standalone computer,” added Mac.
“Or in a standalone computer,” amended Cass. “Either way, there’s nothing more we can get out of the system from here. I don’t like it, but we’re going to have to go in.”
“Out of the question!” barked Talbott. “Forget it! Whose harebrained idea was this?”
Mac raised her hand a few inches.
“I thought you had more sense, McAllister! Do you know how difficult it is to set up an infiltration? Let alone on short notice! And who’s going to do this stunt? You’re barely qualified, and Dr. Foster-Briggs is a rank amateur! No offense, Doctor,” Talbott finished with rank insincerity.
“None taken,” replied Aiyana with equal insincerity. “But what’s this about short notice? Who said anything like that?” responded Cass. “I didn’t. Mac didn’t.”
“It’s obvious,” said Talbott. “You gung ho half-wits want to charge into the industrial headquarters of a multi-national company and search for a few files that might not exist. You know Agent Cassidy would object. Therefore, the only option to get your little “job” done is do it before Kendra returns. Why? Because you’re so lovestruck, you’ll listen to her, and you sure as hell won’t listen to me! Am I wrong?”
Cass and Mac exchanged a glance. 
“I might not phrase it exactly like that,” dissented Cass, “I’ll admit, you may have a point. At least about the urgency, not the reasons you think.”
Talbot visibly reined in her temper. “Go ahead. Convince me.”
“The timing is critical if they’ve taken Dr. Mantchev and are holding her. We don’t know how long she can hold out. I don’t know what information she can tell them, but she’s been in contact with me. That alone is enough reason to free her. We know that neither she nor her husband Kevin have any training in that thing. Then there’s the question of, what if they’ve already broken her? How long will they keep her alive?” 
Cass shook her head before she continued in a quieter voice. “I don’t want innocent blood on my hands.” She looked down. “I couldn’t. It would be too much.”
Talbott changed stripes again. “I understand. Well, let’s see.” She punched a few keys at her workstation. 
“McAllister, you can get back into their system and insert the proper personnel files? Yes? Good. Dr. Foster-Briggs, I’ve heard about your prowess with capoeira, but I’d feel better if I sent another agent to supplement Agent McAllister. That said, it’s your plan. I think you should be in charge, overall. You might not be a proper agent, but you know the objective and certainly have the motivation.”
“Me?” Cass blurted. “In charge?”
“Second thoughts?” said Talbott nastily. Then, in a voice intended to reassure, she continued.
“It’s no different than running a lab, I would imagine. You simply have to know the end goal, and the others are there to help support you. I do want to send along another agent, strictly as support.” She considered the options in front of her. “McAllister?”
“Ma’am?”
“Montana, Hansen, or Williams. All are available. Which should be assigned to your team? Who have you worked with?”
“Which Williams, ma’am?”
“Katherine.”
“Oh, Kat’s a good agent, I’ve liked working with her before, and I don’t know Hansen,” temporized Mac. “How long has he been with us?”
“She’s been an agent for eight months,” answered Talbott with a hint of emphasis.
“My mistake,” said Mac. “I suppose Williams, then.”
“Montana it is,” decided Talbott, keying in her choice. Before Mac could protest, she said, “You and Dr. Foster-Briggs are entirely too friendly as it is. This will be a dangerous mission, not a girls’ night out. Besides, Williams broke her wrist last week, remember?” 
Talbott busied herself with something, letting Mac and Cass sit and stew for the next few minutes. Neither dared discuss the sudden mission, not in front of Talbott.
The door signal sounded, then the door opened.
“Agent Montana. Very prompt.”
The woman standing in the doorway was nearly Cass’s height but more powerfully built. The only way Cass could think of her was “solid.” Not freakishly muscular, but well-defined and exuding an air of confidence. Her straight brown hair was cut sensibly short, and she wore no makeup that Cass could see. The only thing that detracted from her image was the pair of old-fashioned eyeglasses with square black frames.
“Agent Montana, this is Dr. Aiyana Foster-Briggs. And I believe you know Agent McAllister?”
The look Montana gave Mac was hardly friendly. In fact, it barely acknowledged her presence at all. 
“Dr. Foster-Briggs,” she said instead with a rich soprano, extending her hand.
Cass took the offered hand. “Agent Montana. Please, call me Cass. Or Aiyana.”
“Cristina,” answered Montana with the slight hint of a smile. “My pleasure.”
“Dr. Foster-Briggs is leading an infiltration, Agent McAllister is providing technical support, and you, Agent Montana, are assigned -”
“To hurt people and break things. Yes, ma’am.”
Talbott couldn’t entirely smother her smile. “Something like that. Now, I’m sure you have a great deal of planning to do, Doctor. Please let me know if there’s anything we can provide?”
Cass’s inner alarms were rattling her skull, but she silenced them, thinking, I don’t care what her motives are, this gives me a chance to save Lisa. And Kevin.
“Of course, Director.”
“Very good.” With that, the audience ended.
Chapter 18: Wings West

Kendra now knew more than she ever expected to learn about the operation of nuclear submarines. She couldn’t imagine a circumstance where it would be useful for the life of her, but hey. The hour-long tour seemed exhaustive, at least. Still, when it came to making a covert pick-up, this was less painful than most.
It was nearly seven before she returned to the safe house, only to be bombarded by questions from Evan and Jamey.
“Whoa, whoa!” Kendra shouted, raising her hands. “You know as much as I do about the package, which is to say exactly zero.” She waved it before them. “You think I’m opening it? No frakking way! Not without orders. I know we have a shuttle to Butte to catch in two hours and ten minutes. Do we have the name of our contact in Big Sky?”
Evan yawned. “I haven’t checked yet, sorry.”
“What’s the point of us coming? We’re supposed to be your escorts, but you insist on making all the contacts yourself!” groused Jamey. Evan busied himself with the communications relay. “It’s not like I couldn’t be doing more important things than sitting around and waiting for you to return.”
“Not my choice,” countered Kendra. “I don’t know if you know my record, but I’m a courier, the best OutLook has ever had, and an assassin. That means I operate alone, not saddled with a couple guys who don’t know their way around. But Talbott ordered you here, so I suppose you’re along for the ride.” She shrugged. “I don’t like it much either, but orders are orders.”
“Goodall,” said Evan, apropos of nothing.
“What?” Jamey and Kendra said simultaneously.
“Dom Goodall is our contact.”
Kendra nodded. “That makes a little more sense. Do you have a picture? Or a location?”
“Picture, no, location, yes. Terminal A Lounge, fifteen minutes after the shuttle arrives.”
“Standard recognition codes?”
“Yes.”
“I hope he’s on time.” Kendra checked the time. “Half an hour, boys. We don’t want to be late to the port.”
Her concern was unnecessary. They arrived in plenty of time, even passing through departure customs in record time. Naturally, the shuttle was delayed a half-hour for what was called “extended maintenance,” which Kendra heard as “broken part.”
Once settled in for the short flight, Kendra asked one of the attendants in her section what had been replaced.
“The flux capacitor, I think,” he said before turning to other passengers.
That gave Kendra pause. If it failed, then they’d find out just how well one of these shuttles flew without engines. She rather suspected it would fly in much the same way that bricks didn’t. The timing was awfully suspicious.
And wouldn’t that be my luck! Last mission and splat!
Kendra shook herself. She had to put those thoughts out of her head. Yes, professional paranoia was a life-extender, but not everything was about her. Sometimes a coincidence was just a coincidence. Still, the timing bothered her, nagged at her. Nobody hired OutLook if the delivery was simple, and Talbott wouldn’t choose her if it wasn’t something pretty heavy-duty. She’d had her share of hazardous runs, but surely whoever wanted this package wouldn’t kill everyone on the flight just to get to her! 
Would they?
These and other pleasant thoughts kept Kendra company for the entire forty-five-minute flight. She shook off her mood as unprofessional and counterproductive as the shuttle approached the gate. Evan and Jamey were in the upper-class seats, pretending to be a couple. It was good tradecraft, letting them scout the terminal first. The downside was Kendra had to wait until they’d disembarked before she and the rest of her class were allowed to exit.
“I hate waiting,” she muttered more than once, repeating a mantra that went back to childhood. It didn’t help that this was all according to plan. She was the courier, after all, and they were the escorts. Kendra still planned to be as vigilant as ever. Having them patrol forward wouldn’t hurt.
Kendra exited the gate in the middle of a group of passengers and scanned the area intently.  No threats appeared, so she did her best to project the image of a bored traveler, no particular acting skills required. She spotted a sign giving directions to Terminal A and figured it would be a good direction to go. With every nerve tingling despite her best efforts, Kendra made the three-minute walk.
She could see the Lounge ahead, just on this side of the understaffed and under-occupied Customs office. Kendra stopped and waited, the picture of the indecisive woman. Jamey passed by and, in a prison whisper that couldn’t have been heard for more than three or four meters, said, “All clear.”
Kendra rolled her eyes. 
“Good job, Double-Oh Nothing.” The obscure reference sailed right past him. Still, he’d done his job, and she was ready to meet the mysterious Dom. She walked up to the Lounge door and entered.
As befitted a remote port like Butte, the Lounge was nearly empty. A lone attendant stood behind the bar, desultorily cleaning glasses with a rag, and a woman sat in a chair, reading. Kendra approached the bar.
“What can I get you, miss?” asked the barkeep. She couldn’t make out the name on his tag.
“Life is short,” Kendra said.
“I’m sorry, I don’t know that one,” he said, sounding puzzled. “If you tell me what’s in it, I’ll surely try, though. Sounds potent.” He grinned in what he hoped was a tip-inducing manner.
Kendra was confused. This wasn’t her contact? She checked the time. She might be a couple minutes early, but not too far off. Realizing he had spoken, she replayed her mental tape.
“Oh, no, how about a vodka martini instead? Shaken, not stirred.”
“One martini, coming up.” He stepped away to prepare the drink.
Kendra became aware of a presence to her right. Glancing over and looking down, she saw the woman she had dismissed moments earlier.
“Life is short,” said the woman with a distinctly British accent. She was only about a meter and a half tall, give or take a few centimeters. Straight black hair fell below her shoulders, and the outfit she had chosen highlighted her curves. Kendra could see a twinkle in the gold and brown eyes. 
“But the years are long,” responded Kendra automatically.
“Never assume,” said the woman with a smirk. “Dom is short for Dominique. Don’t worry, I get it all the time. I think that the Director does that intentionally just to have a laugh.”
The barkeep returned with the martini. “All set. That’ll be sixteen dollars.” 
Kendra pulled out a twenty. 
“No change, thanks.” He rewarded her with a brilliant smile, but she had already turned away.
“Do you have your passport?” asked Dom in a low voice when they found seats away from the bar and the door.
“I have the one Director Talbott assigned me if that’s what you mean.” Kendra answered equally quietly.
“That’s the one.” Dom dug around in her bag and pulled out an old-fashioned paperback. 
“Swap it with the one in here,” she directed, handing the book to Kendra. “Have you read this? It’s quite enjoyable,” Dom said loudly.
“No, I haven’t.” Kendra flipped through the book, made the swap, and handed it back. “Maybe I’ll pick it up.”
“You should,” Dom said, tucking the book away.
“Who am I now?” Kendra asked, quiet again.
“Dani Drake. She’s got a ticket on the Fourteen Ten flight to Palmdale.”
“Dani? Dani? Oh, man, Talbott must be punishing me for something. I just wish I knew what!”
Dom laughed. “Ask her for me as well when you get back. I’ve been stuck here in Butte for the past eight months! Now, it’s not a bad town, mind you. It’s not London by a long shot. It isn’t even bloody Kent!”
The two women shared a laugh at their mutual predicament. Then Kendra thought of something.
“What about Evan and Jamey? Do you have new passports for them?”
“The Director didn’t give me any instructions about them,” said Dom. “Do you think they need them?” 
She glanced at a clock. “It would be tight, but I could probably manage to get back to the shop and work up a pair before the flight.”
Kendra shook her head. “If Talbott didn’t think it necessary, then I won’t worry about it either. Still, that begs the question, what do we do for two hours?”
“I certainly have a few stories I could tell about my time with OutLook. What about you?”
“Oh, one or two, one or two.”
Dom nodded sagely. “We can get lunch here on the company dime. Why practice being uncomfortable? In my experience, we’re in that state far too often. Might as well enjoy what respite we get.”
“I like the way you think.”



Chapter 19: Out the Front Door

“I think we’re going to need to sit down and work this through beginning to end, list all the potential pitfalls and make plans to avoid them if possible or defeat them at worst, and then we can go back to the Director and tell her what we need for support and if we need any more agents, though I don’t think we will, after all there’s you and me and Montana, and -- “
Cass cut Mac off. Again. 
“And we’re not going to tell Talbott word one, much less ask her for anything. We need ID to match jobs within HLC and weapons. Mac, hacking HLC is your job. You also need to go to Security and get IDs for the three of us.”
“I don’t need one,” Montana said stiffly. “Standard procedure is to maintain an alternate identity at all times. I have two running.”
“Good news. Mac? You have one as well?”
“Yes, I do, just the one required by policy but it’s current and I know all the details.”
“Can you get another one done? Montana, the second set, is it off the books?”
Cristina arched an eyebrow. “How did you know that?”
Aiyana grinned. “It’s what I would do if I worked for someone like Talbott.” Montana nodded with a flash of professional acceptance. “Mac, I’ll need an ID too.”
“What about your Willow identity?”
Cass shook her head. “Nope. Three reasons. If Talbott doesn’t know about it, I want to keep it that way. If she does know about it, it might not be safe to use. And finally, if I can get a clean ID, I want to keep Willow in reserve.”
“I understand, but I really think that -”
“Good, Mac, now on your way!” 
As soon as Mac had retraced her steps to the elevator, Cass said to Cristina, “We’re going to need some weaponry. Think you can pry some of your favorites out the boys in the basement?”
Montana’s grin was feral. “I think I can. Doc, I think I like you!”
They met Mac back at Cass’s quarters. 
“Where’d you go, what’d you get, is it anything that I can see or -”
“McAllister, shut up, for once in your life!” barked Montana. “We need to leave. Now.”
Both she and Cass had bags slung over their shoulders, with Montana carrying a second bag.
“Clothes and supplies,” Cass said, as Montana tossed it to Mac. “Cristina grabbed a few things from your room.”
“My room?” Mac sounded confused.
“Yeah, you probably ought to get the lock fixed when we get back,” added Montana, already striding away.
“The lock?” stammered Mac, hurrying after them.
“And maybe the door too.” Montana shrugged, a look of contrition failing to cross her face. “Sorry about that. I just didn’t have the time to wait for the Doctor here.”
“I told you, I didn’t have the tools I needed! And you’re not supposed to call me Doctor!” insisted Cass. “For one thing, I don’t think bow ties are cool, I don’t wear a twenty-foot scarf, and I’ve misplaced my sonic!”
Ignoring Aiyana, Montana said, “Mac, what ID did you come up with for the Doc?”
“I, um, borrowed Agent Rivera’s cover ID, I learned her password a while back, it was totally accidental but I just didn’t forget it, and even though she doesn’t look anything like Cass they’re at least about the same height and that’ll throw things off a bit since she’ll be back here while the ID is walking out the front door but I made sure I disabled that checking subroutine so we shouldn’t have any kind of issue exiting, getting in will be a problem though.”
“Fine, what’s my name?” asked Cass.
“Deety Burroughs. I know it’s a little weird but it’s what I could get quick and I have your passcard here, I’m glad we don’t have to do the biometrics to leave the Complex just log out of the system and do a quick scan.”
Aiyana groaned. “That makes me so much happier.”
The three women took the stairs to the first floor and approached the exit's checkpoint.
“Remember, don’t act nervous,” said Montana before leading the way. “Hi, boys!” she said happily to the two guards on duty. “Quiet afternoon?”
“Not bad, Cris. What’s going on?” said the first, passing the bag through with barely a glance.
Cass and Mac had followed closely and were now handing their bags to the guards as well.
“Nothing much, a little overnight exercise,” answered Montana, watching the other two bags sail through just as easily. “Should be back by this time tomorrow.”
“Watch out for the gators,” said the second guard. “You know about the one that got Joe, right?”
“I did. How’s Joe doing? I haven’t heard much.”
“He was medevac’d out to Houston. Man, the Old Lady was pissed!”
“Why?” asked Mac from the back.
“He was out on a milk run, right? Meeting Foster-Briggs and some hot-shot scientist chick she was bringing in? Now he’s missing a foot and half a leg and will be doing rehab for six months, maybe a year? And you ask why she’s pissed?” The first guard gave a bitter laugh. “Wouldn’t be surprised if something real bad happened to those two ladies. Joe was always one of her favorites.”
Cass’s already-pale skin went a few degrees whiter.
The second guard said, “In any case, just be careful out there. We want everyone to come back safe.”
“We will be. Come on, Mac, Deety.” 
With that, Montana led them out the doors and off the property. The sun was still mid-way in the western sky. They probably had at least three hours of solid light before it became hazardous. Walking up the old Esplanade was quick and easy. Still, Montana led them to the west, along the outside walls, rather than into the park itself when they neared it. After a few hundred meters, Cass asked, “I thought, that is, when we came into the city, we walked through the Park. Shouldn’t we go back out the same way?”
“Kendra tell you why?”
“Something about it being safer than Canal, I think.”
Montana nodded. “True. The nightcrawlers are all hiding out, waiting for dusk. We’re making good time. We’ll make better time if we stick to the roads.” 
She casually glanced behind them.
“Besides, if we went through the Park, I wouldn’t have been sure.”
“Sure of what?” said Mac, peering back herself.
“We’re being followed. Don’t turn around again.” Montana slowed her pace.
“Are they, what did you say, nightcrawlers?” said Cass, a shiver in her voice. Despite her newly revived prowess in capoeira, the prospect of facing off against hostiles again didn’t excite her.
“No. Agents.”
“Frak me running,” muttered Cass. “I thought we’d got away clean.”
“I didn’t,” said Montana. “I’m surprised it took them this long to make their move. We may have been a few minutes ahead, but they’ve made up ground.” 
She reached into a pocket, pulled out a pair of sunglasses, and made a show of cleaning off the lenses.
“I count four. Katzell, Williams, DiFiore, and maybe Cross. Good. The only one I’m worried about is Katzell. The rest should be easy. Mac, take out DiFiore. Doc, Cross is probably the least experienced, and I’ve caught your practices, so you shouldn’t have any problems. I’ll take out Williams first. With her wrist, she won’t be any problem, then Katzell. Everyone clear?”
By now, the group following them was less than twenty meters away. Montana dropped her bag, letting it slip without resistance from her shoulder, twirled, and charged at the surprised agents. Both Cass and Mac were hard on her heels a bare moment later.
Montana hammered into Williams, bowling the pocket-sized woman over and smacking her head against the concrete. Katzell was quicker on the uptake and dodged away from the first rush, but Montana corrected and wrapped him in an arm tackle. The two went down, rolling across the pavement, grasping with one hand and pounding anywhere exposed with the other.
Despite her diminutive size and inexperience in the field, Mac had learned much from Master Cordova. Mac recognized that DiFiore was taller by at least ten centimeters and outmassed her by a half-dozen kilos, so she danced just outside DiFiore’s reach, feinting and bobbing. Finally, DiFiore lost patience and charged at her. Mac kicked at the exposed solar plexus, snapping the larger woman over. Mac followed up with a solid chop to the neck, bringing DiFiore to her knees. A final sweeping kick to DiFiore’s head, and she was out.
Cass immediately settled into her ginga, rocking from side to side, waiting for the other woman to make the first mistake. 
“What’s the matter? Can’t make up your mind?” taunted Cross.
“I know what I want to do,” said Cass levelly. “I want to give you the chance to change your mind. Be smart. Go away. I don’t want to hurt you.”
Cross scoffed. “Doubtful.”
“Come over here. I’ll show you.”
“If you insist.” Cross lunged, throwing a furious combination of punches and kicks at Cass. She avoided the ones she could and absorbed the ones she couldn’t. Aiyana launched her own attack even as Cross pulled her arm back from her last punch. Cass opened with an elbow to Cross’s chee before she spun, leapt into the air, and buried her foot in Cross’s side. Her momentum carried Cass over Cross. Aiyana landed on the opposite side and jabbed hard into the kidneys. A final sweep at Cross’s ankles did for her, and she was down.
Aiyana looked around. Mac was sitting on the dazed DiFiore’s back, Williams was unconscious, and Montana was finishing with Katzell. One arm hung limp at Montana’s side. Katzell had proven more of a challenge than Montana anticipated, but she gave a vicious kick to Katzell’s chest. He toppled backward, unbalanced, and landed awkwardly. There was a terminal-sounding crack.
Montana stood, chest heaving. “Damn. He was a tough old bastard.”
“You think he’s dead?” squeaked Mac.
“If not, he’s doing a fine imitation.” She pointed to the body. His head wedged into an old storm drain when he landed. When his body continued pivoting, his neck shattered.
“N-n-now what?” said Mac.
“Get the rigger tape,” said Cass. “I have an idea.”
Aiyana and Mac worked rapidly as Montana rigged a brace for her arm. It was only a matter of moments before the other three were bound. They’d been laid out so their feet were touching, their heads pointed outward. Each leg was taped to their neighbor’s legs, making it nearly impossible for them to stand. Additionally, their hands were bound behind their backs, taking away even that little bit of leverage.
“Should we ask them anything?” said Cass, eyeing DiFiore, the only one still alert.
“No, no time. We need to get out of here sooner than soonest,” replied Montana. “This might buy us an hour, maybe ninety minutes.”
Cass thought. “Where’s the highway from here?”
“A klick, maybe. West of here. You have a plan?”
“Better. I have a car.” She pulled the keys to the Veyron from an inside pocket. “It might be a little crowded for you two. Mac will have to sit on your lap. It’s only about twelve kilometers away. Once we get to the car, nobody’s going to have a hope in hell of catching us on the ground.”
“What’s so special about this car?” asked Montana, wincing as she picked up her bag. 
“You’ll see.” Cass grabbed the bag from Montana before picking up her own. Mac lifted hers. “No way you’re going to manage twelve kilometers with that arm and a bag. If you’re right, we don’t have time to waste.”
They set off again. Now Cass took the lead.

Chapter 20: Into the Lion’s Den

Customs entering the Duchy proved no issue for “Dani Drake.” Kendra was sure she wouldn’t have had any problems as herself. She’d been on too many courier missions not to appreciate the extra layer of protection a cover identity provided. Now, all that remained was crossing the Demilitarized Zone and border into the San Fernando Valley.
The DMZ was a relic of the 21st century. It was created during the dissolution of California but before the formation of the Confederacy. The riots and lawlessness spread outward from Los Angeles. The citizens who lived north of the dying city fought back. The fiercest fighting came from those pinned between the Mojave Desert and the mountains. Military forces recruited from Edwards AFB and others waged a desperate battle to prevent penetration of the hills by the Angelenos. Realizing that they faced a determined, organized, and well-trained adversary, the Angelenos eventually gave up. 
When order returned at last to the Los Angeles Basin and San Bernardino Valley, and they eyed the lands to their north again, they found a foe even more entrenched and determined than before. The Duchy of Lancaster solidified the resistance and again fought their opponents to a standstill. Years of back-and-forth skirmishes made no real dent in either side’s defenses and served only to inflame passions on both sides. A truce was eventually reached, with the mountains declared the DMZ and only a single corridor, from Palmdale through to Santa Clarita, set aside to allow commerce and communication between the erstwhile enemies.
The borders on either side of the DMZ were strictly controlled and heavily patrolled. Smuggling was difficult, and weapons were nearly impossible, much to Kendra’s chagrin. That’s why she found herself in a rented room, just a few minutes from the border, shedding what was turning into an impressive pile of weaponry. Evan had turned his back out of what she suspected was a genuine sense of modesty, but Jamey stared unabashedly.
“I don’t believe it. There’s no way you could have, no. I refuse.” He shook his head. “You seriously had a whole pack of Octol hidden?”
She held up the packet in question, not much larger than a few sticks of chewing gum. “Of course I did. You never know when it might come in handy. Better than knocking on a door you just gotta get into.” She added it to the stack.
“How much longer?” asked Evan, still facing away.
“Just about done.” Kendra held the final object in her hand, weighing if the inspection would consider it a weapon. Finally, she decided not to chance it, and dropped the small vial of perfume with the others. “Ready.”
Evan glanced at her pile and said, “We’ll make sure it’s waiting for you back at the Complex.”
“You’re not my escorts back?” she blurted. Kendra assumed the arrangement, however awkward, would continue on the return.
“No. While you met your contact in Chicago, we received new orders. We’re recalled immediately after seeing you across the border. You’re to return by your own methods.” He reached into a pocket and pulled out a message flimsy. “It’s right here.”
Furious, Kendra slapped it aside. 
“It didn’t occur to you to mention this earlier?” she yelled. “Okay, I knew you were inexperienced, but I didn’t think you were stupid! And Jamey, you’ve been in the field plenty of times! Didn’t you – I mean – dammit!” She stalked out of the room.
Evan and Jamey shared a glance then chased after her. “Wait! Where are you going?”
“I’m making arrangements for my return trip! You’re waiting here until I get back,” she snapped.
“You can’t go! There’s not enough time!” insisted Evan. “We’re supposed to meet with the Valley contact no more than three hours after arriving in Palmdale!” 
Kendra stopped and waited for him to finish. 
“It’s been almost two hours since we landed. The briefing said the passage across the DMZ would take most of an hour. That doesn’t leave you any time to make plans!”
She considered. “Tell them we’re delayed. I have to set up my route. I’m not going into the Valley without a bolt hole.”
Jamey shook his head. “Can’t. We don’t have any communications with them. Operational security.”
“You two frakkers picked a fine time to decide to play by the rules.” Kendra inhaled deeply, held it for a five-count, and released it. “Fine. Give me your comm,” she demanded of Evan.
“My comm?” He was already reaching into a pocket.
“If I can’t make plans in person, which is always better – and learn this now, boys: always make critical plans where you can see the other person’s eyes; it’ll save your life – then I have to do it on the net. Jamey, you’re driving. Try not to piss off the patrols.” 
Snatching the comm from Evan’s unresisting hand, Kendra climbed into the back and began mentally running through her contacts list.
By the time they passed Lang, a small town about eight kilometers from the end of the DMZ, she’d made all the plans she could. Some would have to be confirmed once she hit the Valley, but she was satisfied with the initial setup. Kendra leaned forward.
“How will we recognize these jokers?”
“They’re supposed to approach us.”
“Standard recognition?”
“No,” said Jamey. “Something different. The Director said you’d recognize it, but it doesn’t mean anything to me. Ev?”
Evan said, “It’s in four parts, not two. After they greet you, you say, “Do you have a match?” The first response is, “I prefer a lighter.” You answer, “Even better.” And the final part is, “Until they go wrong.” Hope it means something to you.”
Kendra frowned. “Nothing specific, though it feels familiar.” 
She ran through the sequence a few times and reviewed what little she knew about the two men meeting them. Gary X and Ed Sanchini. Kendra searched her memory for their names but drew a blank. 
They must not be from OutLook, she thought. Locals hired for the mission? Well, I’ve done it before.
She’d used affiliated agents, blind drops, cut-outs, mules, and every other trick in the book, most more than once, so this wasn’t totally out of the ordinary. Her musings were interrupted by the car slowing as they neared the final checkpoint into the Valley. 
“Showtime,” she said.
The inspection was disappointing. For all their preparations and worry, they spent more time idling in the queue than in the actual search. Kendra was fuming when they pulled out of the Customs station and towards the rest area.
“Everything! I had to leave everything behind, and for what? I’ve had more thorough searches trying to get into a jewelry store! Frak, frak!” After a few seconds of this she pulled herself together. “Right. Let’s go find the next links in the chain.”
The rest area was centered around a pair of buildings. By the signs, one was a restaurant and lounge. The other provided showers, sleeping cubicles, shopping, companions. In short, everything a visitor to the Valley would need. By unspoken consent, the three agents ended up at the second building and entered, one at a time.
Kendra’s first thought was, I’m home. Her years in the Valley came rushing back, good and bad both. Her feet guided her over to the video chips of their own volition, and she found herself looking at a row of familiar titles. 
Interesting days. Very interesting. I wonder what would have happened if…
She ran a finger along the edges, reminiscing, before bringing herself back to the present. Just in time, too, as a young couple passed by, giggling and holding hands.
Home soon, Cass.
Kendra looked around. Enough people were wandering through the store, both singly and in pairs, that any of them could be her contacts. She concentrated on looking disinterested in the other customers. After all, it was their job to contact her.
Five minutes of strolling nearly convinced her they were in the wrong building when a giant of a man bumped into her side, knocking her to the ground.
“Watch where you’re going, ape!” she hissed. He towered over her by a good twenty centimeters and was probably twice her weight, none of it fat. A shaved head revealed elaborate abstract tattoos. 
“Watch yourself,” he growled with a voice more suited to a cement mixer before moving on.
“You’ll have to excuse him,” said a voice to her left. Kendra spun to face another man, still taller than her but not by much, with short-cropped blonde hair and what looked to be a permanent tan. “He’s lost something, and he won’t be happy until he finds it.”
“No reason for him to be a jerk,” Kendra retorted.
“No, I suppose not.” He made no move to walk away, and Kendra started to get a tingling sensation. 
Could this be my contact? One way to find out.
“I don’t suppose – I mean, it’s not common, but – do you have a match?”
“I prefer a lighter.” It was!
“Even better.”
“Until they go wrong. Come on, we need to hurry.” He took her by the elbow and herded her to the exit.
“My other escorts -” she protested.
“Ed will take care of them. I’m Greg.”
“Greg? I thought – no, forget it, it’s not important.” She was sure, though, that the name she’d been given was Gary, not Greg. Still, it wasn’t surprising that a name was wrong in this screwed-up mission. They neared the exit, and Kendra looked back to see the giant talking with Evan, who gestured around. “Looks like Ed’s having problems.”
Gary/Greg didn’t even glance back. “He’ll manage. Come on.” The door opened for them, and they were into the late afternoon air. “We have a vehicle over this way.” 
“I can manage to walk on my own,” she said, tugging her arm away.
“Of course,” he said, smirking. “My apologies. We don’t want to be late.” 
He hurried on, and Kendra found herself nearly running, trying to keep up.
“Where is this vehicle?”
He pointed. “That.” 
That was a bulk transport, usually used to haul products between stores.
“What?”
“Trust me, it’s much better on the inside.” They reached the side of the transport. Greg reached up to open a door in the side. “Up you go,” he said as he pulled it wide.
“In there?” This was getting to be a bit too much.
“We don’t have time to argue! I’ll explain it all in a few minutes once Ed comes back. Now, get up there!” He boosted her up. 
“Here, drink this.” Greg pressed a bottle into her hand.
“What is it?”
“Just water, but it’s hot in there. You’ll want it.” Kendra noticed the heat. The sun had beat on the transport for some hours, and it was uncomfortable. She uncapped the bottle and drank gratefully. Before she could thank him the door slammed shut and latched.
Tiny cracks of light illuminated the interior, but it was enough for Kendra to explore her surroundings. There didn’t seem to be anything special about it: four steel walls, a sliding door on the back, no other exits she could see. She finished off the water as she poked around, then sat against the far front wall, waiting.
She didn’t have to wait long. The back gate lifted up, and she could see Ed silhouetted against the sunlight. He dropped something heavy into the back, bent, lifted, dropped something else, then lowered the gate. 
“Hey!” she exclaimed, surprised at how quiet her voice was.
The side door opened, and Greg’s face appeared. He hoisted himself into the back with her.
“I thought you said it would be better on the inside,” she protested.
“How are you feeling?” he asked, ignoring her question.
“What’d Ed do back there?” she said.
“I’ll tell you if you tell me how you’re feeling.”
“I’m feeling – I’m feeling pretty good, actually.” She giggled. 
Giggled? 
“What’s going on?”
“It’s working.” Before Kendra could process what he meant, Greg was on her. He reached down and snapped shackles on her wrists before she could react. For some reason, it didn’t seem to be a big deal, but she could tell, dimly, something wasn’t right. 
What’s wrong with me? 
Her brain made a connection. “You drugged me!”
“Twice, actually. Once when Ed ran into you. He shot you with the precursor, and the trigger was in your water.”
She giggled again. “You’re not going to get away with this.”
“No? Who’s going to stop us?” He turned on an interior light. “Not those two.” 
Greg pointed to the far end, where Evan and Jamey lay, obviously dead. Few people survived plasma shots to the chest. Kendra noticed that Evan’s tie was still in place from the collar down to the singed end, just above the sternum. To her horror, she found herself laughing. 
When she managed to bring herself under control, she said, “Those aren’t the only agents we have; our Director will -”
“Won’t, you mean. Won’t do anything.” He took her bag and extracted the envelope she’d carried from Chicago. “You know what’s in here?”
Kendra shook her head drunkenly. “Need to know. I didn’t need to know.”
“Oh, but you’ll like this. It’s your indentures, signed by Director Amanda Talbott herself, authorizing your sale. Or, for that matter, your death.”
That penetrated the drug-induced haze. “Sale? Death? For what?”
Greg’s laugh was cold. 
“Your sale back into San Fernando’s number one business: sex. Kendra Foster-Briggs returns! And for the right price, you can own a piece of her! As for death, well, there’s lots of people who want more than a piece of your ass.” 
He shut off the light and dropped out of the door.
As she sat in shock, he said, “One more thing. A little touch I thought you’d appreciate. Your silly recognition code? From Russia With Love.” While she thought, he closed the door and latched it. The old movie finally surfaced, and the connection was made. 
I’ve been betrayed – WE’VE been betrayed! Aiyana! Oh, Zeus, Aiyana! I’m so sorry!


Chapter 21: Hit the Road Jack

“This is your car?” Mac sounded exhausted. Under the best circumstances, it was a fair walk, and these weren’t. Aiyana had set a punishing pace despite carrying both bags, and the two agents felt honor-bound to keep up.
“Well, technically, it’s my wife’s car, but yeah, it’s mine.”
“Doc, I am impressed.” Montana’s voice carried the conviction behind her words. She stared at the Veyron, admiring the lines.
“I told you. Call me Aiyana or Cass. Not Doc.”
“Sorry, Doc, but you’re running this show, and I’m not gonna call you Aiyana.”
Cass sighed. “Fine. Mac, stop gawking and give me your bag.” 
Cass put all the luggage in the boot then opened the doors. “Like I said, Mac, you’re going to have to sit on Cristina’s lap.” 
Mac didn’t look too pleased. There was definitely some bad blood between the two, but she was in this far. There was no backing out now.
“Watch it!” Montana snapped, her injured arm jostled by Mac.
“Sorry.”
Once they were packed into the cabin, Cass fired up the willing engine. It responded with a roar. She floored the accelerator and sprayed gravel, clawing back onto the battered road. Despite her best efforts to stay upright, Mac was pushed back against Montana. 
“Sorry,” she muttered again. Montana grunted.
Deciding to address the elephant in the car, Aiyana asked, “What gives? I mean, I don’t know you all that well, Mac, but you don’t seem to have a harsh word for anyone. Why does being next to Cristina make you look like I’m asking you to suck on a lemon?”
Mac and Montana actually exchanged a glance before Mac answered. 
“Well, it was back when I was coming out of training, this was basic training, and I was probably the smallest person to actually make it through, not that that has anything to do with my story, it’s just funny how things like that work sometimes, you remember all the -”
“Mac, let me tell it, or we’ll be in Houston before you finish!” interrupted Montana.
Mac pouted but shrugged her agreement.
“Like Mac was saying, it was after she came out of training. She didn’t do anything wrong, you know? My issues with her have never been professional. She’s capable enough.”
“You never said that!” exclaimed Mac.
“You never asked me. Hell, we never talk.”
“Oh, yeah, because I avoid you!”
Aiyana glanced over, but the heat in Mac’s voice seemed to be the end of it for the moment.
“There she is, fresh out of training, and I’d been in for, oh, two years or so, right? Mac’s doing all these things with the computer systems I couldn’t even begin to dream of. You know how she makes it look completely effortless?” Now Montana shrugged. “I got pissed. No good reason, just jealous, I guess, maybe. I wasn’t good with computers. Oh, I got by, but getting by wasn’t what I needed for my career track.”
“Which is what, by the way?” asked Cass.
“I wanted to be an analyst, but my computer skills held me back. So now I’m what I said to Talbott: an expert in hurting people and breaking things. I couldn’t manage courier or assassin. I never had the skills like Kendra. She’s absolutely legendary, you know?”
“I’ve heard a little,” Aiyana said. 
“In any case, assassin was right out. I ended up a personal protective agent, your run-of-the-mill bodyguard disguised as eye candy.” A hint of a grin appeared. “Hey, Doc, you know something else that used to really bug me?”
“Nooo…” answered Cass.
The grin got more visible. “You know how fast Mac talks now. Would you believe she used to talk even faster?”
“No way!” exclaimed Cass. Mac looked acutely uncomfortable, though whether from the story or her precarious perch was debatable.
Now the grin threatened to take over Montana’s face. 
“Yup. If you think she’s hard to follow now, you never would have been able to cope with her then. It was so bad, you practically had to record the conversation and play it back later to make sure you didn’t miss anything.” She looked right at Mac, and her tone changed from light to serious. “Since we’re, ah, so close now, I guess it’s as good a time as any to tell you I’m sorry. I was a bitch to you, and you didn’t deserve it. Pax?”
Mac was speechless for a moment. 
Only a moment. 
“Well, um, okay, I think that’s good, I never did understand what happened, we never really had a chance to connect, or even talk, before you started, well I guess that’s not important anymore, since you’re sorry about it and we do have another job to do, and oh my God, what about our jobs?”
“I’m hoping our driver has an idea about that. Doc?”
Cass thought before answering. 
“There’s something rotten going on. Your Director is playing some kind of game. I haven’t figured out what it is, and I doubt I can. She’s on her home turf. I don’t have any real connections outside you, Mac, and Kendra once she gets back.” She stopped and gathered for a moment. “As I said, there was something wrong at the HQ, and I knew I needed to get out. I’m sorry you two got dragged along, but I don’t think it would be safe for you either. Maybe not right away, but that woman? There’s something poisonous about her.”
“You know, Doc, there’s something to what you’re saying. Ever since she got the Director’s post a couple months ago, she’s been, well, tetchy. Same old Talbott one minute, bitch of the world the next. Most of us at the Complex just figured she was having a ton laid on her shoulders, but, you know, maybe there’s something else going on.”
The road was flying past their wheels. Cass was holding them at a reasonably sedate two hundred KPH, but that was probably faster than any other vehicle had traversed the tarmac in decades.
“Can you think of anything, in particular, that may have set her off? Any missions you heard of? Rumors, gossip, anything?”
Montana fell silent. Mac filled the gap.
“I know she had a tracking program on Kendra for months and months. I was ordered to write it.”
Aiyana’s attention wavered, and the car wobbled. “Tracking program? Tracking what?”
“Everything, from location, movements, activity, you name it, every time Kendra hit the net, we’d get a ping here, and we’d compile it, then once a day the Director, though she wasn’t the Director then, she was just the Agent Administrator, Talbott would get the whole list of what Kendra did, Talbott never said why she wanted the list, I just wrote it up and sometimes I would deliver it, though come to think of it there was one day she was really really upset.”
“When?” said Cass with urgency.
“I don’t remember, but maybe I can hack into the Complex’s network, I remember an entry on there was about quantum something, though maybe that was on your records.”
“My records? What records?” demanded Cass.
“Well, once you and Kendra were living together, your name was added to the reports, you know, even though it’s not against the rules, we’re really not supposed to form emotional attachments while we’re in the field, even if we’re on inactive status like Kendra was because you never know when you’re going to be recalled to active status and having someone you love at home would be leverage that could get used against you.”
“This is too much. You’re telling me that Kendra was inactive while we were together? And you were still tracking her? And me?”
Mac misinterpreted. “It’s not against the law, you know, since the Complex is in an extra-legal territory of three countries we’re effectively outside any controls, and we have a duty actually to monitor all our agents in the field, you could even say especially the inactive ones since it’s possible for them to come back to duty and we need to know what entanglements they’re in so we can provide them with the proper excuses to get out of them.”
“Not what I meant, Mac,” ground out Cass, white-knuckled with anger. “I meant, she wasn’t on active duty when she and I, that is, when we started dating? I wasn’t her assignment?”
“Oh, no! I think her last assignment was before she moved out there, something down in the Valley, and she really burned some bridges when she did it because there was a death warrant out on her for months and months, and come to think of it, I don’t know if it ever expired.”
“Death warrant?” Montana sat up straighter, dislodging Mac. “And she went back in?”
“I don’t think she ever knew about it,” said Mac. “I mean, she knew she pissed off a bunch of people, but the official warrant never really hit the light before she cleared out.”
A dreadful certainty came over Cass. 
“She’s walking into a trap.”
“We can’t be sure of that,” argued Montana. “Her mission could be legit, you know.”
“No way. Dammit! That makes this – damn!” Cass pounded the wheel in frustration.
“Talk to me, Doc. What’re you thinking, we get in and save her ass?” Montana shook her head. “You’re crazy.”
“I’m telling you, it’s a trap!”
“Doc, I’m telling you, if it’s a trap, then there’s no way that Kendra’s gonna fall for it. She might have been off the books for a while now, but there is nobody I would rather have in a tight corner. I told you, she is legendary in the Complex. She’s gotten out of more trouble than any other three agents combined. And it’s not like she’s all by herself. She does have a couple agents with her as backups. They might not be the best and brightest, but there’s no such thing as a “sub-par” agent in the Complex. They don’t last.”
“Still, what if she needs me? Us?”
“Not friggin’ likely! I’ll bet you a double dixie that, by the time we’re done with our little sneak, she’s back in Talbott’s office, going up one side and down the other?”
Cass had to smile. “No bet. You’re probably right. I just worry you know?”
Montana’s expression softened. “I know. All we can do is our end and hope she can get our asses out of the crack when we return. Or arrange for somewhere safe to meet us, “cause I don’t think even Kendra Foster-Briggs, the Assassin’s Assassin, could talk Talbott out of taking a strip out of our hides!”
“Okay, okay. We need a plan.”
“What do you mean, we need a plan? Didn’t you have a plan?”
“Well, yes, I did, and it was a neat plan.”
“And...?”
“And, it rather involved us being on the right side of Talbott, not fugitives.”
“Oh.”
“I’m open to ideas.” She looked at the SatNav. “We have about three hours at this speed to come up with something. Mac, there’s a computer on your side if that’ll help.” 
She flashed a dizzying smile at the two agents. “So. Who wants to start?”
Chapter 22: Your Audience Awaits

The transport stopped, jarring Kendra against the wall. They had driven for a long, timeless time which she had no way of judging. The drugs made her only peripherally aware of her surroundings in any case. She was wrapped in her thoughts.
How could I be so blind? How could I fall into their hands so easily? Here, drink this, Kendra. Kendra, here’s a new password, don’t worry that it’s not the regular password. It’s all good. You need escorts, Kendra. Strict need to know, Kendra. Frak me!
She raised her head in dejection as the door opened. Gary’s, Greg’s, who-the-fuck-ever’s head was silhouetted in the light. 
“Still with us?”
“Go fuck yourself!”
Greg smiled. “Ah, the famous Foster-Briggs temper. Tell me, Kendra, when you blasted the Organization to hell all those years ago, did you do it because you were pissed? Were you ordered to do it? Or were you just too stupid to realize you would never be able to escape?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Don’t play stupid with me, bitch. You were responsible for three years of bloody chaos as all the remaining factions fought it out for supremacy after you took out Williamson and his lieutenants.” Greg climbed into the back and stood just out of reach of her feet.
“Williamson was scum. He was snatching girls from their homes and forcing them to sell themselves!”
Greg stood, impassive. “Doesn’t matter to me. You might want to think about your story when you get inside.”
“Why? So I fetch a better price? You can’t make me fuck them. Whoever buys me will just have to kill me.”
There was mock horror in Greg’s eyes. “Oh, no, Kendra, no! First, you have to talk him out of killing you outright.”
“Talk who out of it?”
“Why, Junior. Williamson’s son. He’s the one who paid for your return and paid a pretty penny too.” He reached into a deep pocket. “Are we going to do this the easy way or the hard way?”
“Your mother still walking the Boulevard every day? Or is she hiding in the dark now?”
“Hard way. Fine.” He pulled his hand out of the pocket, holding a tranquilizer gun. “Good night.” 
The pfft of the dart was buried under her scream of rage, cut off as the sedative took effect.

Chapter 23: Who Am I Again?

It was amazing what Mac could do. She was on the road, on a system space-limited and subject to dropping out of coverage. Macl managed to enter the HLC servers again, upload their new IDs, and create positions and work histories for them despite the challenges. To top it off, she devised a plausible excuse for why three lowly employees from the Wichita office would be called into the Houston headquarters.
Rather than get in immediately and risk detection for their late arrival, they decided to show up the following day with the rest of the workforce. Then the fun would begin.
“First rule of infiltration: KISS,” insisted Montana.
“Kiss?” said Mac.
“Keep It Simple, Stupid,” answered Cass. “Engineering, too. Minimize the opportunities Murphy has to screw things up.”
Mac looked around. “Who’s Murphy?”
Montana looked at Cass. “Did she really say that?”
“I think she did. Mac, don’t talk about it, got it?”
“Talk about what? I don’t understand you guys at all!”
Montana tried to take control. “Good night, Mac. Go to bed.”
“But we don’t have everything ready! I have to print out the IDs and make sure the RF spoofer is active, then check the chips and make sure the neural net is primed for -”
Aiyana intervened. “How long will that take, Mac?”
“Half hour, maybe. Less if I can concentrate, which might be tough if you two are sitting and talking about other things because this is my ass too, so I want to know what’s going to go on and happen, and that’ll slow me down.”
Montana almost prevented an eye roll. “Get up early, then. Go in the bedroom, shut the door, and get some sleep.”
Cass agreed with Montana. “If there are any computer issues tomorrow, we’ll need you to deal with them, and you have to be at your best. A good night’s rest is the best thing for that, I’ve found. Pick out a bed, shut the door, and we’ll try to keep it down out here.”
Now Mac looked interested. “What are you going to do, if it’s important stuff I need to know about it so that I can play my part!”
“Go. To. Bed. Now.” Cass made her tone as firm as she dared, and Mac’s reaction was exactly as she hoped.
“Yes, ma’am.” Mac headed for the bedroom and closed the door behind her with a final look over her shoulder.
Montana looked at Aiyana with appreciation. “Doc, do you have kids?”
“No, but I remember how my parents treated my siblings, especially my older brother.”
“That’ll do it, I guess. Doesn’t Mac drive you nuts?” asked Montana, sotto voce. “Even now, I can only take her in small, small doses!”
Cass smiled slightly before the smile turned sad. “She reminds me of my sister. Kaeli. Always going a mile a minute.”
Montana noticed the subtle change in her demeanor and changed the subject. “What’s our cover?” 
Grateful, Aiyana settled in for a lengthy discussion.
In the morning, the Houston offices of the Heavy Lift Corporation registered the entrance of three techs from the Wichita office: Deety Burroughs, Jessica Dawn (who was feeling very self-conscious about her name, just at the moment), and Amelia Rose. The system at the entry read their IDs and admitted them without even a twitch. Moving purposefully through the crowded halls, they made their way to the IT department, where they reported to the supervisor, a cranky old man named Price.
“You’re not on my list,” he snarled, waving the paper in question before them. “You’re not supposed to be here!”
“Sir, I’m sorry, yes we are,” said Burroughs, extending another piece of paper. “And that’s exactly why we’re here. Too much data is being lost between your office and ours, and it’s originating here.”
Price scowled. “I have a full staff here! Why’d they call you bozos in?”
Dawn’s face showed annoyance at being called a bozo, but Burroughs put a restraining hand on her arm. 
“Sir. With respect, we’re not bozos, and we’ve been over our entire network. The fault is definitely in your system. Since we’re familiar with the issues, it’s quicker for us to deal with it even with the transport time rather than trying to explain all of our procedures to your crew here.” She brushed a lock of red hair away from her face.
“Hmph,” he groused. “First smart thing the head office’s done this week. I suppose you need terminals and access?”
“That would be helpful, sir. If it’s possible, too, can it be a quiet room instead of the cubicles?”
“Why?”
Rose piped up. “Because we’re going to be talking to each other a lot as we try to track down the fault and you know how disruptive that could be and we’re not here to disrupt your department we’re here to help you out.”
Price’s bushy eyebrows went up. “Talk a lot, don’t you?”
“What my colleague means, sir, is we might be a distraction to the others. We don’t want to cause any more disruption that is absolutely necessary. Plus, we can probably be in and out without anyone else knowing about this little issue.” Burroughs appealed to his vanity, which seemed to work. He almost smiled.
“Fine, just stay out from underfoot. This way.” He turned and started leading them down the corridor.
“Thank you, Mr. Price.” Deety was politeness personified. Jessica peered through her thick-rimmed glasses at the surroundings.
“Oh, I don’t stand on that formality, now that I know you’re supposed to be here. You can call me Vince if you want.” The office he led them to was small and well away from the department's core. Price was very nearly apologetic.
“No window, and a long way from the break room, but you shouldn’t have to worry about interruptions. And, like all the other offices, it’s totally Faradayed.” The scowl returned. “Don’t need you techs interfering with each other’s systems.”
This was better than she expected. Aiyana had a hard time keeping a grin from erupting on her face. She reined it in, though, as it wouldn’t be in character. 
“I suppose it’ll work,” Deety semi-grumbled. 
“It’s the best I can do. Take it or leave it,” snapped Price. “If you need me, you can try extension 1138.”
 He stomped out of the room. The door closed behind him with a solid thump.
“Gonna be a long day, tracking down that fault. We’d better get started.” Taking Montana’s advice about surveillance, Cass stayed in character. “Amelia, why don’t you start on the software? If it’s the same as the problem we found, we can be out of here before lunch. Jess, see if there’s anything in the physical end. I don’t think so, but we’re not being paid to assume.”
“What are you going to do?” Jess asked, locking the door.
“See if the internal logs have any records of the faults.” 
These were the agreed-upon cover stories. Mac, as Amelia, would get into the system and try to keep ahead of any cyber monitoring. Montana, as Jess, would poke around the walls and ceiling. She was ostensibly looking for connection problems. In reality, she would search for hidden cameras and microphones. Aiyana, as Deety, would use the codes Mac had hacked into the system to try to find any more information about Lisa. The isolated room was an unexpected bonus.
The first hour sped by. 
“Got anything?” said Cass to the other two.
“Nothing out of the ordinary,” replied Montana, still poking her way through the walls. She’d been careful to redirect the various bits of tech she’d discovered to other feeds rather than disable them, as the loss of signal would undoubtedly trigger an alert. Mac could probably cut it off, but there wasn’t any point in taking chances.
“Nothing unusual here either, C – Deety, just standard reports, haven’t found the fault yet, but I’m still looking around, I thought we had something, but it turned out to be nothing at all. What about you?”
Cass shook her head. 
“Nothing we didn’t already know,” she answered. “I’ll keep digging around.”
Another half-hour passed without incident. Finally, Cass exclaimed, “Got something here! One of the Deputy Directors of Security, Glenn Kaine, entered a personal log about Lisa!” 
“What does it say?” said Mac.
“Why don’t you come over here and look?” answered Cass. “I don’t want to say anything in case I jinx it.”
Abashed at her security slip, Mac came to read the entry, followed by Montana.
Mantchev has to know more about this than she’s saying. Brought her and her husband in for interview 0330. Separated them to break morale.
“Anything going on your end, Amelia?” 
“Not a twitch, doesn’t look like any of the software I’m monitoring is the source, but don’t worry, I’m watching really close because I sure don’t want to miss anything on my end!”
“Looks promising,” agreed Montana after reading it herself. “What do we do now?”
Falling back into her role, Aiyana said, “I think that there’s not one but two faults. See? I’m going to try to track down their exact locations in the system, then we can work on picking them out.” With renewed energy, Cass attacked the files again. 
This might just work!
Now that she knew whose files she needed, the prying went quicker. It was only minutes before the rest of the logs unlocked. Cass examined them.
“Hmm. Jess, what do you think of this?” Cass pointed to a new entry.
Still resistant. Unacceptable. Have to try a different tack. The timestamp was the previous afternoon.
Staying in character, Montana said, “Seems like the fault’s gotten more persistent. It’s causing cascading problems. Have you dug out the locations yet?”
“Not yet, not the sub-locations. But we have the primary location now. Do you think it would help to investigate that node?”
Montana looked pensive. “It might be tricky.”
She pulled out a padd and waggled it at Cass. “Let me think,” she said aloud, turning away.
What if Kaine is in the office? Montana typed.
We’ll have to get him out, typed back Cass. How?
Mac can plant a false alarm into the system and direct it to his attention. He’ll have to respond.
We still have to get in there, Cass objected.
I could go in and knock him out.
No!
It’s what I do!
Cass, trying to avoid violence, typed, What if the problem is in a security sub-routine? Aren’t those nodes and servers on a different system?
Good idea! We’ll give Mac a few minutes to rig her program, then we’ll head out.
Cass said, “I think I have it narrowed down to a single server, but there’s a problem.”
“Ugh. There’s always something. What is it this time?” said Montana, playing her role.
“It’s down in the security section, one of their machines. I can’t access it to make the corrections from here.”
“I guess we have to go there and poke around?” sighed Montana.
“Afraid so,” Cass said. With precisely the right amount of insincerity, she added, “Sorry.”
“Bitch. Come on, Amelia. Deety’s got some grunt work for us to do.”
Mac, responding to Cass’s direction, spoke up. “No way, Deety’s got to come too, she’s the one who knows the specifics of the fault, right, so she can’t stay behind!”
Nicely played, Mac, Cass thought. “Fine. Whatever. If you two can’t do it on your own, I guess I have to hold your hands.” She disconnected and backed out of the various hacked systems. “Ready.”
Mac went off-script. “Hold on, hold on, I have to get this done, you don’t want me leaving code tangled like this, I know we weren’t directed to do any upgrades but some of this is just so lousy a teenager with a pocket system could improve it, I figure I’m just doing them a favor and okay, that’s it, let’s go.”
Mac was utterly oblivious to Montana’s glare as she walked past.
They checked with Price before exiting the department. “It’s not our servers but theirs? Should have known those ham-handed hacks couldn’t manage their own programming! I’ve told them repeatedly they didn’t need to have a discrete system. What’s the point of HLC spending all the money on our department if they want to in-source it? Our servers could easily, safely, securely handle all the encryption they need, but would they listen! Hell no! Serves ‘em right!”
Price returned his attention to his work, rant complete, the three Wichita linewomen forgotten.
“Uh, Vince?” Deety said.
“Huh? What?”
“Where is the security section?” she asked.
“Oh, right. I forgot you don’t know the building!” He scowled again, his favorite expression. “Just ask for directions. There’s a computer that provides ‘em. Hardly ever screws up.” 
Their forged passcards continued to work beautifully at the checkpoints. They slowed only at the entry to the security department. There, a guard sat, physically checking IDs.
“Wichita?” he asked. His badge read J. Cox.
“Just down here for some troubleshooting,” answered Cass, doing her best to look bored instead of terrified. “Commo problem between here and our office. We fixed our end and have tracked the issue to the security computers.”
Cox was still looking at them suspiciously, so Cass upped the ante. “Look, we don’t want to be here any more than you want us here, but holding us up just keeps us here longer. Don’t believe me? You can call Vince Price back in your IT department. Jess, what’s his extension?”
“One One Three Eight,” supplied Montana.
“Yeah, that’s it. If you have questions. Or, if you really feel like being a jerk, keep us out and let the problem continue. I won’t take the fall for it, though.” She peered at him, making it clear who would be to blame.
It worked. Cox waved his hand after passing back the IDs. “No way, I’ve dealt with him before. He wouldn’t save his grandmother from a tornado. Go ahead.”
“Thanks.” The smile she flashed him was entirely genuine, though not nearly for the reason he thought.
They went deeper into the department. The server was at the center, along with the directors’ offices. The guards waved them through at the following two checkpoints with only a cursory examination of their credentials. It seemed like hours, but they were as close as they could get to the security servers in only moments.
“We need terminals,” demanded Montana of a passing worker.
“Ah, that’s not my department,” said the young man. “You’ll need to see a supervisor.”
“Fine. Where is one?”
“Down there.” He pointed to the right and scurried off to the left.
“Wonder what that was about,” smirked Montana, turning right.
They noted the names on the doors as they walked along. 
“Glenn Kaine, Deputy Director,” read Cass. “Think he can get us terminals?” she said to benefit the ears she knew were listening.
“If he can’t, nobody can,” agreed Montana. She pushed open the door.
A young blonde woman sat at a desk, obviously a secretary. She was also obviously installed for her looks and not her secretarial skills, as she painted her toenails. 
“Hi,” Montana said. “We need to see Director Kaine.”
“Uh-huh,” the blonde answered, still painting. “He’s gone to lunch.”
“We were told he can help us,” Cass said, trying another angle.
“He’s still at lunch.”
Mac was looking more panicked, but Montana put a calming hand on her shoulder. “Listen, Miss…”
Her head came up. “Courtney. Nobody calls me Miss anything except Miss Houston. Until I was disqualified. Did you know you can’t be a dancer and hold the title? I didn’t.”
“Courtney. Fine.” Montana sped behind the desk with a surprising turn of speed and lifted Courtney from her chair. “You and I know both know the Director’s inside that door.”
Montana used Courtney’s body to point at the frosted-glass door to the inner office.
“And you and I also know you’re not here because you can type a hundred words a minute. So be a good girl and tell the Director the workers from Wichita need a moment of his time.” Montana dropped the blonde back in her chair. 
“Please,” added Aiyana.
Eyes fearful, Courtney picked up the handset, waited a moment, and started whispering.
“A little overdone, maybe?” suggested Cass.
Montana shrugged. “We’ll see.”
Courtney hung up. “Go right in.”
Montana said, “Thank you,” before turning a triumphant grin to Cass.
“Show-off.” Cass led the way and knocked on the door.
“Come in,” said a gravelly voice. The door slid aside. 
“Can I help you? Unless you want to terrorize my secretary some more, that is.”
The office had monitors mounted all along one wall, showing various views of what Cass assumed was the inside of HLC. There were four large monitors on the semi-circular desk, and another hung behind, on a rear wall. A collection of keyboards and other input devices were scattered around. But none of this drew their attention like the person behind the desk.
Cass would describe the man behind the desk as corpulent if she was kind. Pale skin gleamed in the office light, dark hair fell in uneven strands across a nearly bald head, and the whole was stuffed into a poorly-fitting suit. In all, he was almost the caricature of a security manager. Cass refused to underestimate him. They had come too far.
“Yes, sir, we’ve tracked a communications fault down to your security server. We need access to terminals to do repairs and patches to the software.”
The wattles under his chin wobbled. “Communications fault? Since when?” he blustered.
Aiyana had an answer. “It’s been a couple days. I’m sure you’ve gotten the memos. I know I’ve seen your name on the distribution lists.”
“A security breach? And it’s sent in a memo!?” He half-rose from his chair.
“No, no,” reassured Mac. “It’s not a breach, it’s more a case of over-zealous security cutting off the communications, we didn’t even know about it until we started pulling things apart this morning, then we finally localized it to your server, and it’s just a problem within the company not anyone from the outside getting in, haha, and now we want to get this done so we can get out of here and OW!”
Cass’s boot-shod heel came down hard on Mac’s toes. “What my colleague is rambling about is we want to do our job and get out of your way.”
Kaine growled, “No wonder she’s in IT. Okay, how long will this take?”
“No idea, but as little time as possible.” Montana flashed what she hoped was an ingratiating smile. “We want to go home.”
Kaine grunted. “Makes two of us. Whaddya need from me?”
Time to shoot for the moon, Cass thought.
“Terminals, three if possible. We might need physical access to the server if it’s a physical fault. We’ll have to shut down the system to reboot when we finish.”
Kaine looked pained. “Terminals, yes. Access, if you have to have it, we can arrange it. No chance on the reboot.”
Mac stepped forward, getting totally into her natural role as an IT specialist. “If we don’t reboot after doing a software patch, you’re just going to keep having the same problem every time, even if we get it to run once, without a full reset, it’ll just come off like getting a bandage wet before your cut heals, there’s no reason you can’t survive for the two minutes it’ll take to go down and come back up!”
“She talks a lot, doesn’t she?” He glanced at a clock. “Tell you what. If you can get this all done in the next, um, forty-two minutes, then you get your shutdown at noon. If not, you’re SOL.”
That was better than Aiyana had hoped, and she tried to keep the pleased look from her face. “Good enough. Where are the terminals?”
“We don’t really have much extra space.” He seemed to think then decided. 
“Use my office. I have more important things to do around the department.” He rose, fully revealing the well-fleshed frame. “I’ll be back just after noon.” 
Without another word, he left. Even with the door shut, they could hear him growling at Courtney, her simpering reply, then the sound of the two departing.
“More important,” scoffed Montana. But Cass was already taking charge.
“Amelia, you know what needs doing. Take care of it.” 
Montana didn’t need any direction. She was already searching the walls for any monitoring devices. Cass paced. Until she knew the office was secure, she didn’t dare hunt for any information. She didn’t think it would be bugged. What director wanted their actions recorded? Better safe than sorry, but, for once, she agreed with Kendra’s, “I hate waiting.”
“Clear,” said Montana, securing the door. 
“Mac, get into his files.” Mac switched seats and attacked a keyboard.
“We’re in,” Mac said a moment later.
“Find those entries!” Cass was plundering his desk, pulling out the drawers, hunting for paperwork that could lead them to Lisa and Kevin.
“Listen!” Mac read. “Moved subjects from holding cells to Level 2 to avoid questions. What’s Level 2?”
“I’ve only heard about it. Some kind of super-secret section, like Lockheed’s old Skunk Works,” answered Cass. “Nearly impossible to get into, even if you’re high in the company. I never even saw anything about it officially. All I know are rumors.”
“A real black project? I can get into that, their best security is their secrecy, once people know about them they can get hacked real easy, in fact, that’s what got me into OutLook, I got caught breaching the firewall -”
“Mac, more hacking and less talking! We don’t know how long we have until Kaine returns!”
“Actually, we do, Cass, he said he was going to be busy on the floor of the department until noon, we have twenty-nine minutes until then, take off five minutes just to be safe and that still leaves me with well over twenty minutes to take care of the system and cover my tracks before he returns.”
“Not the point, Mac!” Her search finally paid off. Cass pulled a notepad from behind the files in the bottom drawer. She scanned the pages, still talking. “The more you talk, the less attention... you’re paying... to what... you’re... FOUND THEM!” 
She read more carefully, holding up a hand to stop any other comments.
“Two rooms, C281 and D4. There are no guards on the rooms, restricted access. Mac, that’s your bailiwick. Kept drugged between interrogations. Oh, shit!” She stuffed the notes back in the desk. “Fast, fast, fast, Mac!”
“What’s going on?” asked Montana from the door.
“According to his notes, they’re scheduled for termination today! In, like, an hour! That’s what he went to go supervise!”
Mac’s eyes were huge.
“Can we get in with our IDs as they are now?”
“Yes, but we’re going to leave a trail, I haven’t had a chance to completely mask our signatures, so there’s going to be a record whenever we scan the cards for admittance, and I’ll just bet there’s an alarm system set up on those two rooms, and how are we going to get there anyway, I don’t know the layout of the building, and I don’t think we have time to grab one then go get the other.”
“The trail doesn’t matter,” Cass said as she tossed everything she touched in her bag. “Those are fakes, remember? Just make sure you take or wipe down anywhere you touched. We can’t leave our real fingerprints.”
Mac, trying to be helpful and failing, said, “They can do a DNA scan based on our skin cells, hair, anything we’ve shed, you know that?”
“Takes more time,” said Montana, spot-cleaning the walls. “Longer than we’ll be in the area. Will the direction system work for a secure area?”
“It ought to. Security seems to be primarily physical with a computer backup. They probably won’t have directions locked down. We have to ask, so there’s no point worrying. Mac, you go with Cristina to C281. I’m going to take D4. Grab whoever it is and get out! We meet back at the transport in fifteen minutes and run like hell. Got it?”
“What about you?” Montana asked.
“I’ll manage. I’m not as good at hurting people as you are, Cristina, and I can’t hack the system like you can, Mac, but I’m good enough for this. We’re burning minutes. Go!”
Montana paused, hand over the door controls. “Good luck.”
Cass answered softly, “In my experience, there’s no such thing as luck.”
Montana nodded, keyed the door, and slipped out, Mac on her heels. Cass waited a handful of seconds before following. The outer office was empty.
“Directions, room D4,” she stated clearly.
“Follow the blue directional.” 
A pulsing blue hologram appeared ahead of her at eye level, bobbed twice to get her attention, then set off down the corridor at a comfortable walking pace. She passed through the department without a single glance, the blue guide being all the workers needed to convince them she belonged. Checking out of the secured area was easy, as well, and Cass began to believe she could pull this off.
Her bravado to Montana and Mac had been an act. She was terrified something would go wrong, or they were taking too many risks, or they should have waited for Kendra to return. But the choices were made. She followed the guide.
One final checkpoint. 
“ID,” said the bored guard. Her nametag was missing, Cass noted as she passed the card over. The system beeped. 
“Go ahead.” If there was any question why an IT tech from Wichita was requesting access to what was supposedly the most secure area of the building, the guard didn’t notice or care.
The guide pulsed more rapidly as she approached the door until it disappeared with a final bright flash. 
“Guess I’m here,” she whispered. She palmed open the door. The interior was dark. Feeling conspicuous, she stepped in, reaching for a flashlight. The door shut behind her, and the darkness was complete.
“Hello, Aiyana,” came a voice from the blackness, which then lifted. 
“Deputy Director Kaine,” she answered as coolly as she could manage. “What an unpleasant surprise.”
“What, no bluster? No questions?” The voice wasn’t any easier on the ears.
“What’s the point? No, I take that back. How long have you known?” She scanned the room. Kaine, a guard behind him, two more on the wall opposite.
“Oh, we’ve known for a couple days that you would be making some sort of attempt. I didn’t know you were in the building until you talked to me a little while ago.”
“Dammit.”
Kaine laughed, a horrid laugh, the laugh of the bully just before he pushes the smaller child into the mud. 
“Yes, you were doing fine until then.” A false look of politeness crossed his oily visage. “My apologies! Would you like to sit?” 
He gestured to the guard behind him, who brought a chair around to face him.
“No, I’ll stand.” A sudden thought. “What about – about Jess and Amelia? And Lisa and Kevin?” She caught herself before revealing Mac and Montana’s identities.
“I have good news for you! Not all good, of course, but at least some. Dr. Mantchev was nothing more than bait to lure you in. Your friends, and are you really going to insist on calling them Jess and Amelia? We both know that’s not their names.” He paused and waited before continuing. 
“No matter. They’re not important. About now,” Kaine consulted a clock. “Yes, right about now, they should be extracting the good Doctor without any difficulties. She’ll even be conscious. Aren’t we kind?”
“And Kevin?” She hoped for good news.
“I’m afraid that Dr. Anderson resisted our attempt to apprehend him. My staff aren’t known for subtlety, and he didn’t survive the encounter.” He said the last with no trace of emotion.
Cass deflated, stung, not for the personal loss but for her friend’s loss. “So, what, you’ll let them see the door before catching them?”
“Not at all!” The fake smile was plastered on his face. “They’re free to go. If they’re smart, as soon as the time has expired – you did set a time limit, did you not?” 
Cass nodded. There wasn’t much point in hiding it.
“Smart. When the time expires, and they realize you’re not coming, they should leave. We won’t stop them. After all, they’ve served their purpose.”
“That’s it?”
His smile turned vicious. “Unless they try to rescue you. Then they’ll find that their skills aren’t quite as polished as they think.”
It was too much. Aiyana sank into the chair. 
“Was it all a setup?” She could see him struggle with the answer, though whether it was to tell the truth or lie, she didn’t know. 
“No, but I’m not going to tell you which parts were and which parts weren’t.”
“Talbott.” It wasn’t a question.
“That much, I’ll tell. Yes. Ms. Talbott took on a contract, and she fulfilled it to perfection.”
“Jess? Amelia?” The thought that the two women she believed to be her friends would conspire to do this to her was unbearable.
“I won’t say.” The bastard knew exactly what he was doing. The uncertainty would gnaw at her and hurt her worse than anything else he could do. Kaine stood.
“Now, Dr. Cassidy, we have much to discuss. Would you, please?” Mockingly he bowed her to the exit.
I just have to hold on for a little while, Cass thought as she was herded from the room, handcuffs she hadn’t noticed being fastened pinned her arms behind her back. Kendra’s out there, and Mac and Cristina. Lisa too. They’ll figure out what happened, come and get me out of this. I just have to draw it out as long as I can.
Holding onto that thought, Dr. Aiyana Cassidy Foster-Briggs marched into captivity.

Chapter 24: Now What?

“She’s late,” said Mac for the fifth time in as many minutes.
“I know that,” ground out Montana. Dr. Mantchev was in the back of the transport, trying to make herself as inconspicuous as possible. “One more minute, then we go. She’ll have to manage on her own.”
“No!” Dr. Mantchev’s temper was plainly tied to her classically red hair, nearly the same shade as Aiyana’s if much shorter. “She risked her ass to get me out, and we’re going to -”
“Do exactly as she told us to do,” finished Montana. “She was clear, and she was in charge. And she was right. Fifteen minutes, then gone. Rendezvous at the hotel tonight.”
“And if she’s not there tonight?”
Montana hesitated. They hadn’t discussed that contingency.
“Well?” insisted Mantchev.
“Then, we head back to New Orleans and get Kendra.” It was the best she could come up with.
“Time.” Mac’s voice was, for once, subdued.
Without a word, Montana started the transport and left the HLC campus.



Chapter 1: I Get By

“This sucks.”
“Shut up.”
“Where are we going?”
“This sucks.”
“Shut. Up.”
“You didn’t answer me. where are we going?”
Cristina Montana, agent of OutLook and specialist in hurting people and breaking things, took her attention from the road for a brief moment.
“Hotel.” The one-word answer was enough for the questioner, Dr. Lisa Mantchev, at least for the moment.
“This sucks.”
“So help me, Mac, you say that one more time, and I’m gonna throw you through the window!”
“I can’t help it. Cass should be with us!”
Montana had to admit that her fellow agent had a point.
The two agents were returning after rescuing Dr. Mantchev from a holding cell in the headquarters of her employer, Heavy Lift Corporation. A fourth woman, Aiyana Cassidy Foster-Briggs, had spearheaded the effort. Things had gone well for most of the op; they’d split up, Cass to fetch Lisa’s husband, the agents to release Lisa. Mac and Montana had done their end and headed for the transport, where they were supposed to meet Cass.
Cass hadn’t made the rendezvous.
It was a testament to the power of Cass’s personality that the two professionals had obeyed her directions. They departed for their hotel room, the secondary meeting point.
“You’re right,” Montana said at last. “She should be. She isn’t. Yet. Don’t give up on her, though. Maybe she’s following another lead.”
“Yeah, sure, like that’s liable to happen, if she fetched out Lisa’s husband, what did he do anyway, I don’t think we ever asked, I guess it doesn’t matter now, he’s a package deal, but maybe she got lost getting out or detained or there was some other problem and she came out right after we left, that would be horrible for her, she must think we deserted her!” Mac’s speech tended to be massively stream-of-consciousness. Her chosen career track in IT had stunted her social skills. Given her history with Montana? It was a positive sign that she said more than just two or three words.
For values of positive, at least.
“What did you say? About my husband?” asked Mantchev from behind.
Montana answered before Mac could drown her in a torrent of words. 
“The records showed two rooms being used to hold you and your husband. We chose one room, Cass the other.”
“Why?”
Montana didn’t expect the question and wasn’t sure how to answer.
“What do you mean? Because you were in one and your husband in the other?”
Mantchev’s voice caught. “My husband’s dead. Kaine’s goons killed him.”
The transport screeched to a halt as Montana, heedless of the traffic, attempted to mash her foot through the floor.
“What?”
Bitterly, Mantchev said, “I said, he’s dead. Did you suddenly become hard of thinking?!”
“Shit, shit, shit!” Montana clenched the wheel for another moment, then forced herself to relax. “Mac.”
“Yes, Cris?”
“Hack into HLC’s servers again. I want video and audio taps on all their internal cameras, I don’t care if they can trace it, and I want it before we get back to the hotel.”
“On it.” For once, there were no questions.
The last connections were made as they parked. Mac handed the padd to Montana.
“I don’t know how long the connection will last, it’s stealthed but a determined attacker will reveal it, at least they’ll just track it back to this padd, we can always junk it if we have to, it’s an independent system, hopping networks -” Montana waved her hand at Mac.
“Can I search for audio clips?”
“Yes,” answered Mac, offended. She tried not to speak, but her pride in her work won out. “Tap the audio key near the top, then type the search string in the pop-up.”
Montana typed in “Cassidy.” The screen shimmered, blurred, then reformed with a single scene, and Montana tapped “Play.”
“...subject Cassidy apprehended without incident...” was all she heard before the clip ended.
“Expand that!” demanded Montana, shoving the padd at Mac.
Mac fiddled with the padd as they made their way to the room. 
“I told it to search for more incidences of the term, plus now it will play until you tell it to stop, though that puts us at a greater risk of discovery.”
“Then we’d better listen carefully.” Montana keyed the padd to life again.
“...subject Cassidy apprehended without incident, being held pending interrogation. Subject Mantchev permitted to escape. Agents Lyons and Malone assigned to Cassidy. Pause record.” The clinical nature of Kaine’s voice changed and became much more menacing. “If those two bitches who called themselves Jess and Amelia attempt to return, they’ll have an unpleasant surprise.” He cleared his throat. “Resume record. Interrogation commences at zero three hundred hours on Friday to allow maximum psychological effect. End record.”
Montana stopped the playback. “He’s going to hold her for two days before talking to her. That gives us a window.”
“You heard him, Cris, he’s assigned two guards to her, he’s probably deleted all the access codes we used, and I don’t know if I can get in and hack new ones, not with what we have here, and we can’t go back to OutLook, not yet, not after what we did on the way out, and Kendra doesn’t know where we are or what we’re doing either, and what are we going to do?”
“Call for help.”
“But...”
“Not OutLook. Not directly, at least.”

Chapter 2: With A Little Help

Montana didn’t intend to hover.
“You sure this is gonna work?”
“No. Stop bugging me! You’re making me nervouser – more nervous – whatever! Go away and bother Mac!” Mantchev ran her hands through her hair to clear her frustration and returned to working at her terminal. They’d checked out of their original rooms by the simple expedient of driving away and were holed up in a different hotel. While not Mac’s equal in IT, Mantchev did know HLC’s systems better and had left many “back doors” for herself over the years. Which left Montana with little to do but worry.
“Mac?” 
With an unusual edge, Mac said, “Nothing yet, but if you climb off my back I might be able to get something done!”
Montana’s plan was simple: reach as many friends and colleagues as she could trust, bring them together, and assault HLC directly. She called it “getting a bigger hammer.” Mac was in charge of setting up the contacts, infiltrating OutLook’s network, and piggybacking their messages to the agents’ secure comms. Mantchev hadn’t liked the idea and was working to smooth their way in, or perhaps even spoof HLC into transporting Cass off the grounds. At the very least, they could use her hacks to determine Cass’s exact location.
They’d worked both ends all night. It was now nearing dawn, and they were all exhausted, frazzled, and tempers were growing short. Montana noticed after Mac’s response and breathed deeply.
“Lisa – Dr. Mantchev – why don’t you knock off for a while and get some sleep? One slip, and we could have HLC come down on us before we have a chance to prepare.”
The spare redhead grimaced, straightening up from the computer. 
“I’ve done longer shifts. It’s amazing what you can manage when you’re cramming for a final.” A faint grin crossed her face, then faded as she remembered why she was on this particular shift. “I’ll be fine. I’m almost done, anyway, at least for now. They’re maintaining pretty good security. I can’t get a lock on where they’re keeping Cass.”
“What about the two guards? What were their names, Malone and something?”
“Lyons. Yeah, thought of that, but all I can dig up is an assignment to internal security, ordered by guess who?”
“Kaine.”
“Got it in one.” Mantchev shook her head. “They’re not even on the comms.”
“That’s odd.” Montana went to the lone bed and lay down, fingers twined behind her head. “Staying off comms. Direct order by Kaine. Assigned...” Her voice trailed off as she pondered these pieces of data. Ffor a few minutes the only sound was the tap-tap-tapping of keys.
“Mac!” Montana’s excited voice shattered the quiet.
“What, what’s wrong?” exclaimed a startled McAllister, roused from her terminal-induced trance.
“Nothing! I know how to find her!” Montana fairly bounced off the mattress and was at Mantchev’s shoulder in a heartbeat. “Lisa, HLC uses an automated directory, right?” 
Mantchev looked confused. 
“When you dial in the main line, not someone’s direct line, you don’t get a person, do you?”
“No, you get, oh, right. Yes, it’s automated.”
“And if you’re not at your desk when the call comes in?”
“You get paged.”
Montana’s grin threatened to split her face. “That’s what I hoped. Mac, hack the phones. You can do that, right? “
“Easy,” she scoffed. “How many lines do you want?”
“How many can you get? At least a dozen.”
It was mere moments before Mac reported, “Ready.”
“I want you to set up a program to auto-dial HLC, search the directory for Beth and Malone, and have them paged.”
Mac started typing again. “How long, and how often?”
“How about every five seconds? And keep it going as long as you can manage it.” Montana was practically hopping with glee. 
“That’s not going to work,” insisted Mantchev. “I don’t know Kaine, but if I were him, I would order them not to answer the pages,” objected Mantchev. 
“I’m sure they were,” answered Montana. “But they’re only human. One page? They can ignore it. Two? Sure. Hell, maybe ten times, I don’t know. Unless they’re superhuman, I’ll bet by the time they get, oh, twenty or thirty pages, they’ll at least call down to get the system to shut up!” She laughed. “We’re gonna annoy them into making a mistake!” 
Montana picked up the padd that was reconnected to the video feed. “Can we get a shot of the door on this?”
“No problem, I already found it, it’s up on the padd, just tap the top left corner, it should show them there, one’s a blonde the other a brunette, that’s about all you can see from the camera angle.”
Montana found the right corner and tapped. “Do we have audio?”
“Not on that camera.”
“Damn.” 
“Ready,” said Mac a few seconds later.
“Hit ‘em.”
Montana watched the feed. Initially, there nothing seemed to be anything happening. Then she began to notice slight movements at about five-second intervals. They held their post, though the twitching got stronger and stronger. Their hands strained to grab their comm units in response to the near-constant pages.
“We ready on the comm intercept?” she asked Mac.
“Set and scanning.”
“Don’t think it’ll be long.” Montana was horrified to find herself giggling in anticipation.
Now the two guards were totally distracted from their duty. An animated conversation was going on. Hands waved, hair flew.
“Come on, comm the switchboard. Tell them to cut off the pages. Come on!” Montana whispered. She saw the blonde turn to the panel next to the door. 
“Internal comm!” she warned Mac.
“Capturing,” replied Mac. Montana continued to watch mutely as the pantomime continued. It suddenly stopped with the blonde turning back to her alert position.
“That’s it,” said Montana. “Cut the calls. What’d we get?”
“Let me isolate it, clean it up a little, it’s not very good quality because I had to pass it through a bunch of traps and filters before reaching us, and I don’t know if we captured the inbound audio, just the outbound from the panel, but that doesn’t matter, I hope.”
“Mac!” warned Montana.
“Playing.”
From the speakers came a burst of white noise, then a voice.
“What the fuck is going on with these pages?... We’re off the grid, you stupid shits, can’t you get that straight?... What do you mean, you can’t?... Whose orders? How about Director Kaine’s orders, you assholes!... Then shut off the system in this area until you can track the fault!... What sort of incompetent shits are you? Fine! Corridor 42 Hotel Hotel Golf... No, TWO Hotels, Hotel, Hotel! Malone! Yes, and Lyons as well... Don’t fucking argue with me, you bug! Shut them off now! Idiot!” The audio cut off there.
“Did you get that?” asked Montana, expecting Mac’s reply. Instead, Mantchev spoke.
“42 HHG. I know where that is.” She shuddered.
“What?”
“It’s the psych labs, that’s section 42, and if I remember right, a bunch of odd things are along that corridor.”
“Why does a company like HLC have psych labs? And define “odd.””
“A holdover from early days, when they needed to experiment on the psychological effects of ground-based launch systems. They worried that taking away the big old chemical boosters would make people frantic, almost phobic, about launches. So they tested. They have isolation labs, sensory deprivation tanks, rubber rooms. Nightmare stuff, the things that you don’t talk about.”
Montana tried to imagine Cass left in an isolation tank for two days. She couldn’t. “We’ve got to get her out, fast as we can.”
“Agreed,” said Mantchev. “How?”
“That’s our job.” She sat down and faced Mac. “Right. You got your network set up?”
Mac nodded. “I do, I can reach anyone inside OutLook, at least once, more than that will be pushing things, but they can get back to us using a one-time code and clear comms.”
“Nicely done!” The praise, though quick, lit Mac’s face.
“Who can we bring in on this? We need bodies,” Montana added, raising her hand before continuing. “They have to be experienced.” 
She stood again, agitated, and started ticking points off on her fingers.
“They can’t be at the Complex. No way would Talbott let them out; besides, she’ll tap every communication in or out forever, if she hasn’t already.” Montana paced the length of the small room. “Damn! We’re going to be almost comically short of equipment, too!”
“I can help with that, it’s just a hacking job to get some deliveries to us, I know all sorts of places that aren’t picky about who buys their stuff as long as the credit is good, and they won’t know that it’s not really our credit, some of them even do same-day deliveries, and what about asking our friends to bring their own weapons too, whatever they can get their hands on?”
“Not bad, Mac. Travel might be tough, but whatever they can bring is better than what they can’t, right?”
“Right?” Mac said uncertainly.
“Listen, you two, all the guns won’t do any good if you don’t have anyone to carry them!” interjected Mantchev with a note of desperation.
“Do you have any smart ideas?” snarled Montana. “No? Then I suggest you shut it!” She resumed pacing.
“Mac, they have to be friends of ours, that means you, me, or Kendra. Otherwise, they’re not gonna go against Talbott, even if she hasn’t put out some sort of warning about us.”
“And they have to be close enough to get here, remember that too, we only have a couple days, that means that all the people we know off-Earth are out of the picture, though that’s really not so many, and I guess it wouldn’t matter anyway because they won’t be used to the gravity here any longer and wouldn’t be able to fight, so that means that Ginnilee’s out, and Tammy, Novak, not Bennett, don’t know what happened to TB, and didn’t Deb Svicle head out a few months ago?”
“What about Celsey?”
Mac tapped the keyboard. “Last I heard, she was in Big Sky on some sort of roving assignment, so she might be able to get away.”
“Ping her. She’s hell on wheels.”
“Okay, who else? Ooh, I think, no, never mind, it won’t work.”
“What won’t work?” asked Mantchev, coming closer. “If there’s a chance that one of your friends will help, if you really believe there’s a hope in hell that you can put some kind of plan together, then you’ve got to get them!” Her voice broke and continued in a rasp. “I’ve known Aiyana for, God, I don’t remember how many years! I will be dammed if I sit here and listen to you bitch and whine about people you can’t get and things you can’t try!” 
Mantchev regained her voice. “She’s locked up because she came back for me! Now, I don’t know either of you, but Aiyana thought enough of you to put her life in your hands! We will get her out!”
Mac and Montana shared a look.
“Cera.”
“Alycia.”
“Bruce. Oh, Tom too!”
“Tom’s out; he had surgery last week, but I’ll bet we can convince Joyce, Chris, and Jesse, especially Jesse, he still owes me from the last poker game, and he’ll get in just to clear his debt.”
“How much does he owe you?”
“Three kilos of gold.”
“Yeah, I’d sell you my mother to get out of that,” said Montana. “I didn’t know you played poker.”
Mac looked away. “It’s just calculating odds, I can do that in my sleep, and it gives me a chance to be just one of the gang.” The personal moment ended, Mac said, “Michael!”
“Which one? Moody? Lehrer?”
“No, Horgan. He has a crush on me,” she said shyly.
Montana managed to not even smile. “You know I think Sanzari’s available, or if not, we can probably shake her loose. She was in the Imperium, right?”
“On the submarine,” agreed Mac, calling up the records to confirm. “Temporary duty on the NIS Chicago,” she said, reading the information. “All I have to do is hack their database and issue a TDY order for here. No problem. I can even get her cleared for extra personal gear and weapons if we want.”
“Do it. Is that other terminal clean?” asked Montana.
“Clean enough,” answered Mac. “Not secure; I wouldn’t say anything important on it. Why?”
Montana was already at the keys. “Divide and conquer. Simple coded messages, use our dummy accounts. We’ll let them make contact with you or me, and if they don’t, we count them out.”
Mantchev had pulled out her padd and sat down on the bed. “I have some friends too,” she began, but Montana stopped her with an upraised hand.
“Unless they’re trained in hand-to-hand combat, covert infiltration, and a side order of assassination, it’s not going to do much good. I appreciate the offer, though.”
“What about a SEAL?”
“Yeah, he’d qualify.”
“She does indeed,” replied Mantchev pointedly. “Master Chief Mikaila Stone. Fifteen years in service before being retired.”
“Being retired? Why?”
Mantchev was tapping at her padd again. “She kicked the shit out of the Team commander. He tried to tell her to stay behind on a mission.”
Montana smiled, and it was a frightening thing. “I think we’ll get along just fine.” On impulse, she stuck out a hand. “And my friends call me Cris.”
“Lisa.” The two women clasped hands then resumed their planning.
With three working on the problem, the messages were sent quickly. Then came the inevitable waiting for replies. To fill the gap, Cris asked Lisa, “Is there anyone inside you can trust?”
Lisa shook her head. 
“That rathole? Not a chance. If we were back in Los Alamos, sure, I could give you a dozen names...” Her voice trailed off. “Oh, I am such an idiot!” she exclaimed.
“What?”
“A dozen names! Los Alamos is an hour from here on a JumpBug. I’m sure I could get lots of Cass’s friends to come help!”
Cris was shaking her head when Lisa stopped. “No good. It’s a nice thought, but how many of your friends are through work? HLC?”
Lisa’s face showed her realization. “Most of them,” she admitted.
“So they’re out.” Before Mantchev could object, Montana continued. “I’m sure they’re good people, but right now, all they know is you and Cass have gone off the reservation. All their information is coming from HLC. You sure you can convince them otherwise?”
“No, probably not.”
“Any of ‘em as close to Cass as you are?”
“No.”
“Any of them former SpecOps, like Stone?”
Slower. “No.”
Montana dropped into a low, intimate tone. “Given the choice between listening to you telling them horror stories about what went on at HLC, and what HLC is likely to be telling them, are there any – any – you’d be willing to trust with our lives?”
Yet slower. “No.”
Not unkindly, Montana said, “Then I’m afraid that it won’t help us, or Cass. Don’t worry, Lisa. This is what I do, break things and hurt people. Let me do what I know.”
“Okay.”
“But I definitely want that Master Chief onboard. How sure are you that you can get her looped in?”
“Mikki? She always bitches about not having any good ways to blow off steam since she left the Teams. The last time I talked to her, she said the last good fight she had was last year when she visited Newport News. She took on a squad of MP’s at a local bar.”
Curiosity piqued, Montana asked, “What happened?”
Grinning at the memory, Mantchev said, “According to her, after she left the first squad “sorry and sore,” the second squad came in the bar, looked, turned around, and double-timed it out of there. That was the end of her fun because nobody else would take her on.”
“I definitely want her on our side for this,” emphasized Montana.
“Holy Gates!”
Montana turned Mac’s sudden epithet. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing at all!” whooped Mac. “We’ve got them all, and then some!”
“Who else is coming along?”
Mac looked at her screen. “Alivia Anders is hitching a lift with Sanzari -”
“Doesn’t she ever travel alone? That’s got to be some sort of phobia.”
“And Elle,” Mac nearly crowed.
“Elle? Wasn’t she assigned to the Presidential Protective Unit?”
“Yup.”
Mantchev said, “Secret Service? You managed to drag a Secret Service agent into this? Okay, you can color me impressed.”
Montana chuckled. “That’s got to piss Talbott off! Do you have any idea how long it took to get her embedded there? Wait a minute, how did she find out?”
“Bruce.”
Slapping her forehead, Montana said, “Oh, yeah. They’re dating, aren’t they?”
“Married. And divorced. Still friends, though.”
“Married?! When did that happen? No, wait, tell me later. Right now, it’s irrelevant. That gives us how many?”
“Eleven, plus you and me. Thirteen.” Mac paled. “Cris? I’m not superstitious or anything, but don’t bad things happen when the number thirteen comes up, can’t we find someone else to be our lucky number fourteen it would just make me feel better I think if we could -”
“I’m in.” Lisa’s voice was somewhat fear-filled and hesitant but firm.
“Lisa, you don’t have to.”
“I do,” she disagreed. “She’s my friend. And I can help.”
Montana didn’t argue. “You’re our lucky fourteenth then. You’re in charge of getting us inside HLC. You know the security procedures, what really happens instead of what we can find in their manuals. Does that work for you? Being a burglar?”
“I think I can manage.”

Chapter 3: From My Friends

They were in a third hotel now, a larger one that offered better security. They’d arranged to keep the Bugatti in storage, as neither Mac nor Montana felt confident enough to drive it. They retrieved all of Cass’s belongings, though.
Their team was gathered, brief introductions made, and basic weaponry issued. It was dinner time, and they had gathered in the conference room for a briefing.
“We’re secure,” said Mac, her usual voluble nature suppressed by the number of people she was addressing. 
“Good job, Agent.” Montana decided to behave more formally. Many of her team were passing acquaintances, brought together for an off-the-books job through a mix of personal favors and called debts. “As of now, we are a go. The mission is simple: extract Dr. Aiyana Cassidy from the main complex of HLC by whatever means necessary. Period.” 
She looked at the gathered faces.
“This is a volunteer mission. Nobody has sanctioned it, least of all OutLook. If any of us are caught, you’re looking at jail time at best, and I guarantee that Talbott won’t be pulling any strings to get us out. We know HLC plays dirty. Jail time might be looking pretty good if you fall into their hands. As such, if anyone wants to back out, now’s the time. You can go back to your lives, your assignments, and nobody’s going to say a word.”
Thirteen determined visages stared back at her, impassive. Then one hand was raised.
“Master Chief? You have a question?”
“Many.” Stone’s voice carried a hint of an Australian accent mixed with others, a remnant of a childhood spent roaming the planet with her UNSEC father. She stood, revealing her tall, athletic frame, seemingly untouched by retirement. “One for now.”
“Go ahead.”
“Are there any restrictions on force?”
“You want a formal ROE or the short version?”
“Short version.”
“Whatever it takes. HLC has already demonstrated its willingness to use deadly force. I see no reason to show restraint.”
Stone nodded. “Good enough for me.”
Another hand.
“Sanzari?”
A young blonde woman, slim but athletic, stood, still in the uniform of the Northern Imperium Navy. “What exactly is the plan?”
“Smash and grab.” A murmur arose from the room. “People, we don’t have time for anything fancy. Our window is less than thirty hours and closing fast. “ 
She gestured to Lisa, seated to her right, “Dr. Mantchev has gotten us the floor plan for the area we’re targeting.” 
A schematic appeared on the plasma wall screen behind her.
“As you can see, it’s isolated from the main building. Access to the building is limited to a single corridor here. We intend to gain entrance through emergency access doors here and here.” Indicators popped up on the display as she spoke. “Mac will trigger a fire alert for that wing. The fire doors at either end should close down the corridor. If not, well, someone can always start a real fire.” 
Montana grinned at that. She nodded at another. “Yes, Cera?”
“I don’t like this. It seems half-assed and stupid! Why aren’t we going through channels?”
“Dr. Mantchev?” Montana sat as Lisa rose.
“Aiyana is my friend,” Lisa said, repeating what had become her mantra. “She risked everything to save me, defied your boss to save me, left her wife behind to save me.” Her voice cracked as she continued. 
“I lost my husband when these bastards stormed our house. There was no warning, no negotiations. They came and killed him and dragged me here. I hate them,” she spat. “And I want them to hurt. I want those bastards to pay for what they did, and I want my friend back!” She paused a moment to regain her composure.
“Whatever is going on here, whatever is rotten at HLC, has to go right to the top. Kaine? He’s just a symptom. So is capturing Cass and killing Kevin. The fact that your Director sent other agents out to stop Montana, McAllister, and Cass tells me that she has something to hide, too.” She shook her head. “It’s a hunch, I know, but I wouldn’t be surprised in the least if there was a connection. And that’s why you can’t go through channels.”
“A hunch?” asked an incredulous Sanzari.
“A hunch,” agreed Lisa.
Sanzari looked around at the others. “Works for me,” she said and sat.
Montana stood again. “Anyone else? Or can we get on with this?” When nobody spoke after a minute, she nodded sharply. 
“I would like to avoid killing anyone just yet.” She raised a hand to forestall the incipient protest. “Yet. Don’t go in shooting, don’t go in thinking of what the body count could be. If it happens some of their security goons resist too much, then take them down. Quick and nasty will get us in and out with the least risk to ourselves. But, and I can’t stress this enough,  unless someone makes a threatening move towards you, it’s live and let live. That goes double for the workers. They’re just trying to earn a living, and this has nothing to do with them. Got it?”
She got a ragged affirmation to her question.
“I said, got it?”
This time the answer was more cohesive. Montana paused a moment, fixing them with a look, before moving on.
“Our weapon is speed. Speed and surprise. Our two weapons are speed and surprise and our devotion to our friend. Three, never mind. You get the idea. We’re going to get her back, hopefully without any losses on our end.” She stopped and looked for one particular face.
“Master Chief, I’m putting you in charge of the assault.” If the former SEAL was surprised at being tapped to lead a group she hadn’t known two hours earlier, she concealed it well. “I’m sure you have the most experience. Sanzari, you’re her second. As for the rest of your team? Mac? I’ve got a pretty good idea, but I need you to check the records. I want to be sure who has the most hand-to-hand training. Top four go in with Stone and Sanzari.”
“On it, Cris,” answered Mac. Stone and Sanzari separated themselves from the group slightly. Montana waited a moment for Mac’s info to hit her padd, then spoke again.
“Cera, you’re in charge of the distraction team. I need you to go in big and noisy, but a little distant. As soon as their reaction force is moving towards you, you and your team run away.” Montana started pointing at people. 
“Your team is Alycia, Bruce, Michael, Elle, and Mac. Mac, you’re going to spoof those systems. Get Alycia to help. She’s done this sort of thing before.” Adams, a medium-height brunette with smiling eyes, nodded in agreement. “Lisa, you and I go in with Stone’s team. That would be Jesse, Joyce, Alivia, and Celsey. Right. Cera, you and your group plan over there. Stone, our group over here.”
After the inevitable confusion was over, the meetings resumed. Cera and Mac plotted their diversion while Stone, Montana, Mantchev, and their team studied the layout and potential paths to HHG42. Finally, around nine o’clock, the plans were as settled as they were going to get. Montana brought the entire group back together.
“They interrogate Cass in a little over twenty-four hours,” she began without preamble. “From what Mac’s pulled from their system, they’re going to move her from the psych wing to the security offices to do the interrogation. It’s a purely internal move. That makes it easier for them to stack the deck in their favor. Not only would I lay the security personnel on heavy, but we’d do it in the middle of the night, the prisoner disoriented and confused, and a minimal amount of personnel on the property. Like I said, that’s what I’d do if I was in charge and anticipating an attempt to break her out.” 
Montana shook her head. 
“That’s why we’re gonna hit them tomorrow afternoon.”
Shocked murmurs rippled through the group. Montana hadn’t announced her timing before. Only Mac and Lisa knew.
“It makes sense!” she insisted over the hubbub. “Yes, there are more bodies to deal with, but there are way more office drones than security. In the confusion of a fire alarm? The more people we can choke the corridors with, the better!”
Surprising everyone, Mac spoke up. “That’s why our escape vehicle is a fire rescue truck, it’ll blend in with the others, it looks totally legit and should help us get away clean, even if we get caught in the area we can simply mingle, the response will be from multiple stations, multiple units so we will be able to slip unnoticed through the other responders, it might get hot under the uniforms, but it was the best I could do on short notice, and at least there’s an outfitter nearby I was able to find for the real thing so we’ll blend in better.” 
She sat quickly, shocked by her own actions. Montana couldn’t hide a smile.
“Fourteen-fifty tomorrow. The regular workers will be thoroughly immersed in either work or watching the clock. Security will be readying for a shift change at fifteen and be at a low ebb. With any luck, the two regular guards they have on Cass’s door will be pretty well zombied out too. Hey, Mac, any change in their status?”
Mac sounded confused. “No, none, they’re always there, at least one of them, usually both, neither leave for more than an hour at any time, and I just don’t understand it!”
Joyce spoke up. “Sounds like REM Replacement Therapy.”
“What’s that? Stand up,” ordered Montana.
Rosenfield stood. She resembled a traditional therapist more than an experienced combat medic, but none who knew her doubted her abilities. She’d earned her selection to the team.
“REM Replacement Therapy. We’ve played with it for extended tours, especially low-personnel undercover missions. Basically, the restrictive factor in long-duration missions is sleep or lack thereof, and specifically REM sleep. Back in the 21st, some psychologists and biologists theorized if they could stimulate the brain into REM sleep quickly enough, then a human would require much less sleep.” She frowned. “Best I’ve heard in practice is a half-hour of RRT substituting for about four hours’ normal sleep.”
Montana frowned right back. “Okay, so they’re using this RRT thing. What does that mean for us?”
“Mentally, they’ll be sharp. Even a little bit edgy. The artificial REM state tends to produce more nightmares, and the longer they use it, the more intense they get. Physically, they’re going to be exhausted, slow, clumsy, uncoordinated. Even though their brains will function normally, their bodies aren’t rested at all. Sort of a reverse zombie effect, brain functioning but body not so much. That is, for most cases.”
“Most?”
“In a few cases, and this is why we dropped the program, the subjects can go into what we called “attack zombie” mode. Fast, vicious, unthinking, unfeeling, virtually unstoppable.”
“Oh, wonderful. Master Chief? Thoughts?”
“Take them down as soon as we see them. Avoid hand-to-hand at all costs.”
Montana nodded. 
“Got it. Okay, anything else?” When nobody replied, she said, “Right. Let’s be about it, people.”

Chapter 4: The Bitch Is Back

“What the fuck is that?” Beth Lyons yelled.
Alarms shrieked through the complex. Panicked workers dashed out of their offices, then back in. Questions were shouted across the hallways: “Is this a drill?” “I can’t leave my experiment. What do I do?” “Can someone shut off that damned noise?”
“I don’t know!” shouted Avalon Malone back to her partner. The treatments they’d been getting for the past day and a half kept her upright. But she felt like her brain was wrapped in wool. She was finding it hard to remember what she was supposed to be doing right now.
“It’s fucking annoying!” 
“No shit! Shut up and let me think!”
A canned announcement temporarily silenced the alarms. 
“EVACUATE THE BUILDING. This is not a drill. Execute Fire Plan A. Fire Security Doors closing in thirty seconds. Twenty-nine. Twenty-eight...”
“Oh, fuck,” was Avalon’s pungent comment. “We’re gonna be cut off!”
“We can’t leave! Kaine will have our heads!”
“Yeah, and if we stay, we might get burnt to a crisp! FUCK!”
The fleeing workers streamed around the arguing guards, then tapered off and finally stopped.
“...Four. Three. Two. One. Fire Security Doors are now closed. Use alternate exits.”
“Now what?” asked Beth.
“I’m trying to find out!” snarled Avalon, keying her comm. “The ever-loving system’s offline. I can’t get through!”
“I’m not gonna stay here and burn!” snapped Beth. “Kaine can go blow himself! I’m gone!”
Avalon grabbed her partner’s wrist. Her brain was trying to work.
“Hold on, hold on! Do you see any smoke? Smell anything?”
Beth’s fury at being held back was mollified as she sniffed the air. “No,” she admitted.
“We’re probably fine here,” continued Avalon. “In any case, we’re not leaving until we hear from Kaine.”
“I’d rethink that,” said an accented voice. Avalon whirled to face the speaker.
She wasn’t tall, shorter than Avalon, and had short black hair. She led a group of four other women, three dressed in battle gear. Avalon wasn’t fazed.
“Where the fuck? No, never mind that,” she growled back. “Get lost.”
“That’s not an option,” answered the woman. “I suggest you stand down.”
Beth had come to stand at Avalon’s side. “Who’s going to make us?”
“Listen, sheila, if you don’t want the arse-whipping of your young life, you’ll step out of the way. That’s your last warning.”
Getting to this point had been relatively easy. As expected, the fire alarms played hash with the security. Passing through the panicked throngs and into the psych wing of HLC had been uneventful. 
Celsey and Joyce to her right and Sanzari to her left, Stone unflinchingly faced the two guards. Montana stood behind them, hand on a holster, Lisa by her side. Jesse and Alivia were positioned at the end of the hall, watching their back and covering the exit. 
“Lisa? Can you get through the locks? I’d much rather shoot them than negotiate,” asked Montana.
“No,” said Lisa. “My codes won’t work, and I don’t have the skills to get through the electronics.”
“And Mac’s with the other team,” mused Montana.
“No issue,” said Stone over her shoulder. “A bit of Octol, and we’re in. You want them dead or just disabled?”
“Fuck you!” screamed Avalon, enraged by their casual attitude. She rushed them, Beth close on her heels.
Stone shifted her feet. The three women flanking her also fell into fighting stances while Montana unholstered her weapon. Lisa wisely ducked back. 
Avalon launched a wild roundhouse that had no chance of hitting Stone’s dodging head and threw her off balance. Stone helped her to the floor with a kick to the ass as she passed, then swiveled to check on Beth. She’d clocked Sanzari, knocking out the slim blonde, and was now engaged with Celsey. It seemed that the battle was pretty even so far. Beth had Celsey’s head locked under one arm, but Celsey was landing some cruel blows to Amy’s kidneys despite her lack of air.
Stone turned back to Avalon, slowly rising from the floor. “Had enough yet, lass?”
In response, Avalon snap-kicked at Stone’s midriff. Stone caught her by the ankle and flipped her backward with a quick motion.
“I suppose not,” sighed Stone. “Why can’t one of you types make it easy? Just for once?”
Joyce had grabbed hold of Beth’s arm, pried it away from Celsey’s neck, and was now engaged full-on. The chaotic mix of styles the women employed would enrage any martial artist, but the shots were coming hard and fast.
“Off yer knees, Celsey!” shouted Stone, glancing back. “Give Joyce a hand with that slitch!”
“On it!” she gasped in reply, standing and advancing on the fight. She reached in, grabbed Beth’s shoulder, spun her around, and said, “I’m back!” before landing a solid right to the jaw. Beth reeled but managed to latch onto Joyce’s shoulders on her way down, transferring her momentum into a throw that tumbled Joyce off to the side.
Lisa and Montana carefully made their way around the fray, edging past the forming and re-forming combat clusters towards Cass’s cell door. 
“Octol?” asked Montana.
“Yes,” answered Lisa nervously, patting a small pouch.
“Don’t worry, it’s stable. Mostly,” answered Montana, reassuring her not at all.
Joyce was back in action now, attempting to immobilize Beth from behind with little effect. Beth kicked at Celsey, driving her out of range. Then Beth reached over her shoulders, grabbed Joyce’s head, flipped the older woman up, and with a tremendous heave, slammed her into the floor. The explosive crack as Joyce’s neck shattered stilled everyone for a moment.
“Dammit, Celsey, finish her off!” shouted Stone, still battling the annoyingly persistent Avalon.
“My job,” said Montana coldly from the doorframe, leveling her weapon. “Back away, Cels!”
Hearing the new voice, Beth turned to face the new threat. 
“What, that?” she scoffed, seeing the antique Colt M1911A.
Montana replied, “Bite me, bitch,” before pulling the trigger. The ancient chemical-powered firearm thundered, and the first .45 caliber bullet tore through Amy’s torso. Then a second. And a third, and a fourth. The fifth bullet, which nearly severed her neck, was overkill. She was dead before the echoes faded, and Beth’s body fell to the floor in a boneless heap beside Joyce’s.
The shot roused Sanzari. She stood, groggy. “Wha -?”
“I’ve had about enough of this shit,” ground out Montana, turning to the suddenly-frozen Avalon and leveling the gun at her. “I’ve got three rounds left. That’s two joints before I put you down like the rabid bitch you are. Now. You want to cooperate?”
Avalon was clearly unsure, glancing between Beth’s body and the gun. After maybe three tense seconds, her shoulders slumped. She said, “What do you want?”
“Open the door and get out of the way,” said Montana, gesturing with the muzzle. Wordlessly, Avalon complied.
The door opened. Lisa rushed into the darkness. 
“Aiyana? Aiyana!” Her voice seemed to sink into the black space.
“About time,” answered Cass, stepping forward. Her hair was tangled, her skin paler than usual, and she was thinner, but the sparkle was still in her eyes. 
“Where’s Kendra?” she asked as Lisa wrapped her in a hug.
“No time to explain,” answered Montana, taking her arm to move her along. “We’re on minus minutes before the rest of the goon squad gets here.”
Cass, unmoving, looked down at the bodies on the floor with distaste. “Who were they?”
“One of ours and one of theirs,” answered Montana. 
“Sanzari, can you move?” She got a slow nod. “Celsey, Stone, grab Joyce’s body. We don’t leave our own behind.”
“What about me?” said Avalon. 
“What about you?” replied Montana, still trying to pull Cass along. “You did your end. You get to live. What more do you want?”
“Wait.” Cass’s tone stopped Montana. “Who is this?”
“She’s one of the security bints who was standing guard over your cell,” answered Stone, lifting Joyce’s body from the floor.
“Bring her,” ordered Cass. Only then did she stride away from her former prison. “She’ll know things.”
“Now wait a minute Cass!” protested Montana. “We don’t have the -”
“Bring her,” repeated Cass, already halfway along the corridor. “Discuss it later.”
#
Mac’s team did their job flawlessly. The HLC systems, hacked by Mac and Alycia, never knew they were spoofed, much to Cera’s disgust. She had an elaborate ruse involving Octol, smoke grenades, and an apparently desperately-wounded Elle. It didn’t seem it would be necessary today. Cera made Elle remain made-up with the fake blood and gaping wounds until they were on their way back to the rendezvous.
Stone’s team beat them there, but only just.
“Out!” barked Montana. She was torn between relief at recovering Cass at such a relatively low cost and fury at being so quickly usurped in the leadership role. Avalon, unaware of any of this, stumbled out of the transport, hands firmly cuffed behind her back.
“Easy, Cris,” admonished Cass, who had been brought up to speed en route. “You got me back. You don’t need to take it out on her.” 
She exited her side and stood basking in the sunshine for a moment. “I missed this.”
“How did you stay sane in there, I mean, it was a totally dark room with no noise or color or anything except the inside of your head, I don’t know about you, but I couldn’t have done it, so how did you do it?” added Mac.
Cass laughed. “It’s nice to see you too, Mac!” She tapped her head. “Implant. Next-generation stuff. All I had to do was close my eyes, and I was with Kendra, or you guys, or in my lab, anywhere but in that hole.”
Mac exclaimed, “That is wicked!” but Montana looked puzzled. “They didn’t block the signal?”
“They did, but it’s more than just a comm.” Cass shrugged. “It’s got about fifty petabytes of memory, so I use it to store things I need to access quickly. Or important memories. This is bleeding-edge tech, and HLC isn’t involved in any case. I only have one because I went to college with one of the engineers who designed it. They’re barely in the alpha testing stage.”
She stopped walking. “Tell me again where we’re going?”
“Conference room.”
Both teams reassembled. The atmosphere was subdued and tense at the loss of Joyce and the presence of Avalon, securely tied, gagged, and blindfolded though she was. Cass strode to the front of the group.
“I’m not much for public speaking, I don’t know you, and you don’t know me, so I’ll keep this brief,” she began. “Thank you. For your effort, for your time, for your sacrifice. You have all shown nobility of character today, and I will never, ever, forget you.” Aiyana stopped speaking, then stepped towards the group and started greeting each of her rescuers individually.
“Master Chief Mikki Stone, US Navy SEALs, Retired,” said Montana, making the introductions. Addressing the entire team took about a half-hour, but the tension had eased by the end. Cass pulled Montana aside after talking to Alivia.
“Where’s Kendra?” she asked point-blank.
Montana paled. “I don’t know. We didn’t have any way to get hold of her. We couldn’t go through OutLook, and her mobile didn’t connect.”
Cass frowned. “Shouldn’t she be back by now? This was just supposed to be a quick courier job, right? In and out?”
“Should be, yeah,” agreed Montana. “But these things? They’re unpredictable, you know? That’s why Talbott probably picked Kendra. She’s the best there is.”
“Fuck that!” The unexpected vulgarity snapped Montana to complete attention. “Kendra told me that it was going to be a milk run, a final job she had to do. I thought it was Talbott’s way of screwing her over for quitting, but maybe it’s more.”
“What do you mean?” Montana remembered what Lisa had said the previous night.
“Isn’t it odd?” asked Cass. “Look at all the coincidences. First, we get jumped by Agents, then they have a trap laid out for us here, and now you tell me that Ken’s overdue and out of contact? Once is happenstance. Twice is a coincidence. Three times? That’s enemy action.” 
Aiyana shook her head. “And that snake Kaine said something interesting, just before he locked me away. He said Talbott had taken a contract with HLC, though he didn’t say what. He implied it had to do with you and Mac, and Lisa, and my capture.”
“We didn’t!” protested Montana.
“I know,” forestalled Cass. “You didn’t, and neither did Mac. He was trying to get inside my skull. But, Cris, something stinks. I already knew someone wanted me dead or out of the way. Now it looks like Kendra’s on the shit list too. Whether she was on it before or got splattered because she had the misfortune to fall in love with me is irrelevant.”
Montana considered this.
“Let’s assume you’re right. What do we do next?”
Mac, who had been listening, added, “I have something to tell you, I wasn’t sure about it, but with what you said it all makes sense, I don’t think everyone needs to hear about it right now, so maybe we should go off somewhere private?”
Cass’s smile was feral, reminding Montana of Kendra. “Good idea. We put all our information together, and then we kick some ass. You’ve pulled together a pretty capable team here; let’s use it.”
Chapter 5: House of the Rising Sun

Darkness.
Pain.
Voices.
Ropes.
Ropes?
Kendra’s awareness came back to her in a sudden rush, then ebbed almost as quickly.
She tried to remember how she got here. Greg. A truck. Drugs. What else?
Kendra dug deeper, grasping at fragments. Propped up? Photos? Was she photographed for something? What? Why? And how did she end up here, wherever she was? It was all too much for her to deal with.
“Owww...” she moaned. She tried to reach a hand to her aching head but found she couldn’t move.
She tugged. It felt like she was tied to something.
She tugged harder. Definitely tied down. 
Okay. Let’s try looking around.
Kendra opened her eyes or one of them. Her left eye seemed to be stuck shut.
The light was dim, hardly above blackness but there. Kendra turned her head to the limits of the restraints – restraints? - to see bars surrounding her. With just the one working eye, she couldn’t tell if they were a foot or ten feet away. They looked solid, though.
Not good.
She wriggled her shoulders. A few inches’ movement is all she managed. Her torso didn’t move, though, and now she became aware of the feeling of coarse rope against her skin.
Skin?
Various parts of her body checked in, with different levels of complaint. But it seemed there was an awful lot of skin reporting being uncovered.
Way not good, she thought, remembering where she was. Oh shit.
Kendra built up as coherent a picture as she could manage in a few moments. She was tied to a high-backed wooden chair. Her elbows were tied to the arms of the chair, and her wrists tied to each other in front of her. Another rope was around her midriff and upper arms. A third wrapped two or three times over her thighs and presumably under the seat. Each leg was attached to a chair leg in two places, at the knee and again at the ankle. A final rope looped around her forehead and connected to the back of the chair. Whoever had done this to her was reasonably skilled. Except for a little around her chest, she couldn’t find any slack.
Her hair was matted, plastered to her scalp, and she smelled, well, terrible. Whoever caught her hadn’t worried about keeping her clean.
And she was naked. Completely. Usually, this wouldn’t bother her. Then again, nothing about this was normal.
A dull murmur of voices was present in the background though she couldn’t make out any individual voices. 
Ideas. Think, think, think! Dammit!
Calm. Okay. You’re tied down, naked, in a cage, with voices. What does that mean?
Nothing good.
What did Gary say about Williamson? No, not Williamson. He’s dead. Junior!
I am so frakked.
Out of the indistinct background blur of voices, one stood out: oily yet commanding, it brought to mind the manager of a used-transport lot.
“I want to see her! Open up!”
In the middle distance, a bright rectangle of light appeared. The silhouette of a man, short, slightly built but going to fat, showed briefly in the doorway before entering the room. Other shadowy figures followed. Kendra could see, now, the cage was only about five feet on a side and little higher.
“You’re awake?” asked the voice.
“Did your daddy ever tell you about the last time he saw me?” was Kendra’s defiant reply. “He couldn’t get it up. Wait, no, that was the next to last time. The last time, I killed him.”
“Sticks and stones, sticks and stones.” The nasal tone of Junior’s voice was more evident as he came closer. “You might have got the best of my father, but where are you now?”
“Glad I’m inside the bars. Animals like you aren’t safe to be around.”
She saw a cheek twitch. 
“Why didn’t we gag her?” said Junior to the people following him.
“She was bleeding pretty bad, Mr. Williamson,” answered one. “You told us to keep her alive. If we gagged her, her nasal passages could clog, and she’d asphyxiate.”
Ah. That explained the eye and the hair. Dried blood. She concentrated on her head. Oh, yes, there it was. A throbbing in her left temple suddenly increased as if annoyed by the sudden attention.
“Worry? Did I tell you to worry?” The petulant fury in the small man’s voice was so ridiculous Kendra could barely contain a laugh.
“No, Mr. Williamson. Sorry, Mr. Williamson.”
“Hey, Junior, did you have the balls to hit me when I was knocked out? Or did you have one of your minions do it because you were too chickenshit?”
“Get her out! I want that bitch in front of me!”
Two figures walked to the back of the cage. Kendra heard the lock being undone, the cage door opening.
“Sir?” said a woman’s voice.
“What’s the problem, Mackey? Drag that bitch out!”
Her voice was subdued when the guard spoke again, knowing Williamson would be displeased. “We need to release her from the chair.”
She wasn’t disappointed. “No! The bitch is tied down for a reason, or do you think I did it for kicks?”
“I vote kicks,” opined Kendra. “But that’s just me.”
“Someone, please shut her up!” he snapped.
“Sir, we can’t get her out with her on the chair,” continued Mackey.
“Not without cutting off an arm, at least,” added another voice.
“Then cut off the arm! She doesn’t get out of that chair until she’s either dead or sold!”
“Junior -” began one of the advisers around him.
“I don’t want to hear it !” A whining note crept into Junior’s speech.
“Tough.” The speaker came around to face him. He was taller than Junior by several centimeters and considerably older, with a well-coiffed head of silver hair and wrinkles spreading out from his eyes. “If your father had listened to me more often, maybe he’d still be here, and I wouldn’t have to put up with a useless little shit like you.”
“You can’t talk to me like that!” screeched Junior.
“As long as I hold half of our little business, I can. So you will listen, or by Christ, I’ll take my belt and give you the thrashing your father never found time to do! Maybe that will improve your manners.”
“Whatever.” The sullen response was forced past his lips.
“I have no more love for that woman than you, but I have a stake in this little drama you’ve scripted out as well. And while killing her would be satisfying, I won’t lose track of the bottom line. She’s a looker, despite the licks your goons got in on her. We’re already getting offers for her in the millions, just from posting up these photos!” He waved a sheaf of papers at Junior. “Not only that, but she’s Kendra Foster-Briggs. Do you know how much that name is worth in some circles? Tens of millions of Bruins, you pest. Maybe a hundred million!”
Kendra converted the notoriously soft Confederacy bruin into the hard Sonoran credits they used at home and was impressed.
Whoa, she thought as the argument continued between Kimball and Williamson. I’d be flattered if they weren’t talking about selling my indentures as a sex worker. She pondered again. Better than being dead, though. Okay. I’ll turn tricks if I can’t get out of here first.
Kendra relaxed, waiting for the discussion to end.
“Fine! But I want more guards out here before she goes anywhere, Kimball!” With that final pronouncement, Junior stalked off in a snit.
“Mackey, you, Bereza, and Martinez get her out of there,” ordered Kimball.
“Yessir,” replied Mackey with no hesitation. The three guards entered the cage, brusquely untied an unresisting Kendra, and hauled her outside.
“Thank you for leaving my arm,” she said in a low voice, pitched to reach only Mackey’s ears.
“Not my place to see someone hacked apart on a whim,” was the reply. “Just don’t expect any slack.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” answered Kendra. She tested her limbs, flexing them and feeling for breaks or bruises. Yes, bruises. Kendra had by the job lot, but nothing was broken. I’m going to have just one shot at this, she thought. Don’t fuck it up.
“You have a bathroom? I don’t want to pee on Junior’s rug. Wait,” she clarified. “I do want to pee on his rug.” 
Kendra heard a suppressed snicker from behind, Martinez or Bereza. She didn’t know.
“Sir?” Mackey asked for clarification. “Bathroom?”
Kimball looked up from swiping and tapping on his padd. “Do you really think I give a damn? I only got into it with Junior to keep him from thinking he could do anything he wanted.”
Mackey took this as permission. She steered Kendra down a hallway to an unmarked door. The four of them stopped, and one, Martinez or Bereza again, Kendra still didn’t know which was which, entered to make sure it was secure.
“There a reason it’s not labeled?” asked a curious Kendra.
“If you don’t know where it is, you don’t belong here,” answered a passing worker. 
“Clemens, you’re a smartass!” called Mackey to her back.
“Clear,” came the report as the door opened.
“Thanks, Martinez. Go ahead, Briggs.”
Names! I can use this! Kendra resisted the push at her back, turning to face her guards.
“Look, I’ve been in your position before, and you’re not supposed to tell me anything, but what time is it?”
“Just after sixteen,” Mackey answered after a moment. It seemed she, at least, was human. That made the coming choice a little more complicated. 
Not much.
“Thank you, Mackey. You too, Martinez, Bereza,” said Kendra, turning to face each in turn, “But my name’s Cassidy, now.” She held out her left hand, fingers down, elbow crooked. “See? Married.”
As Kendra hoped, Mackey leaned in for a closer look, the other two following her lead. Kendra smashed her hand forward into Mackey’s eye, forcing her back. Mackey’s hands flew to her damaged orb, guard duties forgotten.
The other guards, shocked by the abrupt turn of events, were a fraction too slow to react. Kendra grabbed Martinez’s neck with her right arm and swung the taller guard off his feet. Pivoting on her heels, she slammed him into Bereza, drew the sidearm from Bereza’s holster, and dropped the stunned guards to the unforgiving concrete. 
Kendra heard at least two bones snapping, maybe more, and thought, They’re down for the count. 
Before Mackey could recover, Kendra brought the butt of the gun down hard against her temple. Mackey collapsed, and the accompanying anguished groans from the other two told her to run away. Fast. 
She grabbed Martinez’s jacket before standing and looking around. It was long enough to fall below her hips, which would give her some cover.
“Sorry ‘bout that,” Kendra said to the trio, stepping over Bereza and heading away. “I’ve gotta dash.” 
And she was off.
Chapter 6: Your Lying Eyes

Sensie studio. Thank Zeus.
After finding another washroom and rinsing her hair, enough to wash away the worst of the blood, Kendra walked the corridors, searching. Long years of fieldcraft had taught her the best way to be inconspicuous was to act like she belonged and knew precisely where she was going. This was doubly true if she were particularly noticeable, like now.
No alarm yet. That’ll change soon. Kendra calculated how much longer she had before her erstwhile captors were discovered.
I need wardrobe. Makeup wouldn’t hurt, either. She sniffed. And a shower. Now!
Kendra stopped walking and put on her best “little girl in distress” look, giving in to the inevitable. In seconds two of the production workers, who hadn’t noticed the nearly-naked blonde goddess amongst them before, stopped and, almost in stereo, asked, “Can I help you?”
Not a time to be subtle. Lay it on thick!
Kendra batted her eyelashes.
“I seem to have taken a wrong turn. I was supposed to get ready for my next shot, get a quick shower? And I hoped I’d have enough time for a coffee, too. So I threw something on and started looking, but...?” Bracing herself, she threw in a simpering giggle.
The two practically fell over themselves, giving her directions.
“Go down this way, and you see the water cooler? Turn left there -”
“No, turn right, she wants the caff.”
“She wants a shower and clothes, dumbass!”
“No, she doesn’t.”
“Honey, you want a shower, clothes, or coffee first?”
“If I can get a robe, then a shower. I don’t usually walk around like this.” Kendra gestured at her body with her hand. The eyes followed her hand and took a small eternity returning to her face.
“Told you! Down the hall, left, right at the second corridor, first door on the right. That’s one of the locker rooms. There’s a prop room next door. I’m sure they’ll have something for you.”
“Do you need me to escort you?” the second one said.
“Oh, thank you, but I think I can find it now. But I’ll come back and thank you both very personally. Where will you be in maybe twenty minutes?” They told her, though she didn’t register it at all. In twenty minutes, she’d be long gone. She hoped.
A final giggle and wave and she left them arguing. 
“She’s going to thank me first!” 
“I told her how to get there!” 
“Yeah, but did you see how she looked at me?” 
“You’re crazy...” The voices faded away.
The locker room was small but well-equipped. A short, short shower with stolen shampoo and soap, and Kendra felt human again. Then she ducked next door. The prop room was all she could have asked for and deserted to boot. She threw the lock behind her and rummaged. 
Comfort, cover, concealment, she thought, repeating a mantra one of her instructors had drilled into her for selecting clothes. It didn’t take long to scrounge shorts, a tank top, a medium-sized bag, a men’s sport coat to add a touch of “California Class,” and sneakers. She thought about sandals but opted against them. A pair of non-prescription brown contacts went in. She searched Martinez’s jacket quickly, removed a pair of sunglasses, a small wad of Bruins, and, glory be! An ID badge.
She looked at her image in a prop mirror.
Hair next.
This was tougher. A wig would do the trick, but wigs could come off. No dye she could see, either. She did find a pair of scissors and looked at them long and hard.
With a shake of her head, Kendra put them in the bag. 
They’ll work as an improvised weapon. She settled for topping her blonde hair with a rakish cap.
Attitude. It’s all about the attitude.
Taking a deep breath, she unlocked the door.
Next stop, freedom.
Chapter 7: The Long Run

Okay. Take a minute and evaluate.
Kendra was generally walking with the workers' flow, hoping this many people would lead her to the exit. If not, well, she’d burn the bridge when she got there.
Not enough money, a stolen ID, and no clue where I am. What else can go wrong?
The crowd did seem to be heading for the exit, and Kendra flowed right with them before ducking off to the side where she could observe, unnoticed. She sensed an increased urgency in people’s actions around her, presumably the alarm going out. Now, though, she was stuck. Maybe.
Kendra observed the routine of people past the security check. It seemed perfunctory, as she would expect. She took out Martinez’s ID.
Crap. I can’t pass as him.
She dropped the ID into the recess behind her without a second thought. Better to have no ID than the wrong one. Half the guards seemed stoned, confirmed by catching sight of one taking a toke.
Okay, plan B, plan B, I need a plan B. How can I have a plan B when I didn’t have a plan A?
Kendra continued scanning the crowd while she thought. It didn’t look like the tide was slowing, but inevitably it would. She had to be gone before that happened. An idea started to tickle the back of her mind, but she still needed to find the right type to pull this off.
Their reactions won’t be worth shit. That’s going to play in my favor.
She waited until her chosen target, a short redhead in a severe business suit, was almost out the doors. Then Kendra sprinted for the exit, yelling, “Kat! Swanson! Dammit, woman, wait for me!”
As she expected, counted on, a guard stepped in front of her.
“Wait just a sec there -”
“I have to catch her!” panted Kendra with an all-too-genuine urgency. “That’s my ride home. She was supposed to wait for me, and if I don’t hurry and catch her, she’ll take off without me. Then I have to take the transport, and I’ll be late!” She ran the words together and let her eyes go wild. She finished by yelling, “Kat!” again.
“I understand, but -”
“Come on, man, give me a break! She’s almost to the garage, and if I don’t catch her, I’m gonna catch it myself!”
“Dude, just let her go already. She’s holding up everyone else,” said the seated guard. He took another pull of vape.
“Fine. Have a nice night,” the first said to Kendra’s retreating back.
She burst out the door, still playing the role. 
You never know when they stop watching!
“Kat Swanson, wait your ginger ass for me!” That made the woman hesitate, enough for Kendra to yell again, “I’ll be right there!” 
When she stopped, the ginger was facing her and frowning. 
“My name isn’t Kat.”
“I – know – that,” Kendra panted. “My – ex – works here – too – and he – wanted to – “talk.””
The woman’s look turned sympathetic. “That’s tough.”
Kendra nodded, bent over and making a show of catching her breath.
“What’s his name? You should report him to security.”
That was the last thing Kendra wanted, so she made an effort to straighten up and walk towards the garage. “I’ll do that tomorrow,” she promised. “Today, I just want to go home.”
“You want me to walk you to your car?” solicited the woman.
“No, thanks,” answered Kendra. 
Because I don’t know which one I can hotwire yet. “But you can do something for me tomorrow?”
“What’s that, honey?”
“Add a report to mine? If there’s a second source, Security will take it more seriously.”
“Sure! What’s his name?”
Kendra pulled a name from the ones she’d seen inside. “Terence. Jackson. He’s a real piece of work.”
“Jackson,” mused the woman. “I think I know him. Works in Legal?”
Kendra was astounded but played along. “Yes.”
The ginger nodded. “I’ll be happy to. He made a pass at me last week. You should have seen his face when I told him that he wasn’t my type. I like them concave, not convex.” She eyed Kendra with evident appreciation.
Just what I don’t need now. Think fast!
“I don’t either, at the moment,” agreed Kendra. “My name’s Kharrie,” she added, holding out her hand.
“Laura. Laura Kortum.” They shook, then Kortum reached into her bag. 
“My card,” she said, scribbling on the back. “My personal code’s on the back. If you need someone to talk to.”
Oh boy. She’s cute and all, but I need to get home! Wait. Maybe I can turn this around.
Kendra turned on an apologetic smile. “Actually, Laura, if you wouldn’t mind, I could really use a ride. I don’t feel like driving right now.”
“I can do that for you, Kharrie, but it might be a little tight. You see, I -” She stopped speaking and walking at the same time, and the reason was immediate. Her ride was an old-fashioned motorcycle.
“Oh my Gawd,” said Kendra, admiring the sleek black and chrome machine. “That is frakking awesome!” Her enthusiasm was entirely genuine.
Laura grinned.
Kendra walked around the bike, examining it from every angle. “Beautiful, Laura, just beautiful.”
“You ever ride before?” Laura asked.
“A few times,” admitted Kendra. She had no intention of explaining that she’d spent an entire summer on an ancient Honda cruising the continent. “Been a while, though.” That at least was the truth.
“It’s just like sex. Jump on and hold on tight!” Laura straddled the seat and fired the engine or appeared to. The distinctive rumble of the Harley’s engine filled the concrete garage.
Kendra climbed on behind her and wrapped her arms around Laura’s waist. Peering over Laura’s shoulder, Kendra saw her push a button, and the seat began to vibrate. Another control flipped, and Laura gripped the shifter. 
Ah. Electric motor with sound effects. 
Whatever the propulsion, the acceleration was smooth, and they were out on the road in no time.
“Where do you live?” called Laura over the rush of the wind.
Damn good question! 
“Pasadena!” she answered impulsively.
“That’s a little out of my way!”
Thank Zeus!
“But I don’t have anything else to do tonight, so why not?” Kendra could almost hear Laura smile.
“That’s great!” Think think think think! “Maybe we can grab a drink?”
“I’d like that!” 
I thought you would. This could get expensive, and I’ve only got a few thousand Bruins, and if I can’t get you drunk enough to forget you ever met me, what do I do when you ask to come home with me? How can I get out of this?
She had Dick’s alternate ID and the associated bank accounts. The problem was they required paperwork to access them, and that was – yup. In the Bugatti. At least it’s not back with that bitch in New Orleans. I’ll have to settle with her – later, Kendra! First, you have to get away from Laura, out of the Confederacy, and then you have to get back to Cass. 
Cass! The thought ripped through her. What was happening to her wife? Surely Talbott wouldn’t be so sloppy as to leave a loose end?
The motorcycle, carrying two women with entirely different trains of thought, roared down the highway in the late afternoon sunlight.

Chapter 8: Get the Party Started

“Fuck.” 
Cass’s curse was quiet for all its vehemence. She, Mac, Montana, and Stone held a council of war, and Mac had just dropped a bombshell.
“You’re sure?” she asked Mac.
“I was up all night working on this, sometimes I don’t sleep much, anyways they might have thought they had good security, but they don’t, at least not from where I sit, but that could be because they taught me using their systems and codes and so I know how their IT people think, I can usually get around their firewalls and traps, sometimes I can even use their own backdoors, but once you’re past the outer layer it’s really child’s play because everybody’s been taught to keep it simple because the firewall will keep people like me out except this time it didn’t work, and so yes I’m sure that what I just told you is the truth at least as far as Talbott put it into the system, I can’t say if there are any paper documents out there which would contradict this information, but I doubt it, Talbott is pretty thorough about getting it all online rather than paper, haven’t you ever seen her desk, it’s clean as anything?”
“That bitch.”
“Who’s Talbott?” asked Stone, not following at all.
“She’s the current Director of the outfit  Cris and Mac work – er, worked – for,” clarified Cass. Her earlier anger was already cooling as she applied her intellect to the new information.
“Okay, okay, Mac. One more time through. Please.”
“I told you already what I know.”
“Mac.” Stone’s voice, familiar with the timbre of command, cut through the room. “One more time.”
Mac gulped and said, “Yes’m,” without conscious volition. 
“I got thinking, like Cass said, that this was all too coincidental, losing Cass, not being able to contact Kendra, the ambush leaving the city, all of that just didn’t add up, so I went digging, I had to use a VC Seven patch to -”
“Forget the bloody details. I can’t follow the tech, Mac; can you just tell us what you found?”
“Oh. Yeah. Sure. Well, I found the electronic copy of a contract between OutLook, though it was a personal contract to Director Talbott, and HLC, for the retrieval of Cass and the elimination of Kendra, it was dated the same day Kendra reestablished contact with the Complex, and then I looked some more and found another contract from HLC to eliminate Cass, that was dated almost two months ago, so I traced from that point and found that the reverend – Farrell? - was hired by OutLook for the job, he wasn’t really one of ours, just a man with a price -” She saw the look in Stone’s eyes and stopped. 
“Anyways, Farrell took his shot and Cass disappeared, the goons in Los Alamos, they weren’t OutLook either, they were a backup team there to eliminate Farrell, they didn’t do that either before you removed them Cass so we might be able to get more info from Farrell if we can get hold of him, I ran a search, and he seems to have vanished as well.”
“Is she always like this?” said Stone sotto voce.
“Always. This is normal.”
“Bloody hell.”
Mac didn’t notice the byplay. “Talbott got paid, about five hundred K, though she did a pretty good job of burying it in the company income and expenses, and she’s supposed to get another five hundred K for Cass’s capture and Kendra’s death. You know I also got thinking about -”
““Death,”” quoted Cass. “How?”
Mac took the interruption in stride. “Well, it gets a little bit fuzzy, I think Talbott was trying to play both ends and collect twice on Kendra, she created that courier job and assigned those two agents, Evan and Jamey, though they didn’t know what was going on, they were just dupes along for the ride, but there’s some guy in the Valley who’s made a big deal about Kendra, though he still calls her Foster-Briggs, something about his father and him taking revenge for a job Kendra did years ago, he’s also paying Talbott, twenty million Bruins for Kendra alive, ten million if she’s dead, I think he’s really got a hard-on for her, and the last entry in the files is about you awaiting interrogation and that Kendra had been captured and Evan and Jamey killed, but like I was saying about HLC –”
“Where is she?” Cass didn’t try to hide the steel in her tone.
“I don’t have an exact address, just a general location, it’s in the Valley, in the Confederacy, that’s a pretty easy place to get into, but we’re going to be a little obvious, won’t we?”
“Thank you, Mac.” 
“But Cass – there’s this thing, you know, and I really think you ought to know about it, I know you’re worried about Kendra, I’m worried about her too, but the more I think about it, the more it worries me, and I really don’t want us to have any surprises, at least no more surprises, we’ve already had enough.”
Cass looked at Mac. “Okay, what is it?”
“What is what?”
“Whatever you’re so eager to tell me,” groaned Cass. Sometimes Mac could be a trial.
“Oh! Right, yeah, I was thinking –”
“We got that,” muttered Stone.
“- and Kaine is just a Deputy Director, he’s not going to have the pull to set up a contract like that, not one that pays a million, he’d need some serious oversight to get that approved, which means that we’re looking at something rotten way up top at HLC, but I can’t get through all their firewalls, it looks like it’s a publicly-owned company, but actually that’s just a front, there’s stock you can buy, but you don’t have any control, all the control is held by someone, and I can’t figure out who that is, or who they are, and they have to be the ones who were putting out the contracts because there aren’t any links between Kaine and his usual chain of command, it’s like the contract was dropped on his desk from on high.” Mac finally paused to take a breath.
“What you’re saying is that whoever owns HLC is the one behind all this?” asked Montana. “Yes or now, Mac.”
“Yes.”
Aiyana said, “That’s some serious juice. HLC is a trillion credit company, and that’s Sonoran credits. Dollars? I don’t even know how many trillions, but it’s a bunch.” She thought some more, then shook her head. “I can’t see it makes a difference in our mission right now. Yes, we need to figure it out, but first, we need to get Kendra back safely. Still, good thinking.”
Mac’s pleased grin could be seen from space.
“Oh,” added Cass. “One more thing? Can you dig up a contact for Dick Evans? He’s a, well, a forger in Vegas that Kendra used.”
“Sure, that should be easy, why?”
“I’ll explain later. Thanks.” This time Cass allowed a smile to cross her face, disappearing as soon as she left to do her search.
“You have a plan?”
“Plan?” laughed Cass bitterly. “Not even close. Best I can come up with is we need to find Evans.”
“Who’s Evans?”
“Amazing old man, and the best way I know of to get hold of Kendra.”
“How will he...?”
Cass cut Stone off. “When we were in trouble, he was the person she ran to. He had a bunch of different IDs ready for us to have, and Kendra mentioned she’d used him plenty of times before for, well, that’s not important. The key is, if there’s anyone who can help her, it’s him.”
“That you know of,” added Stone. “If she got to him.”
“I don’t know anyone else!” snapped Cass. “At least he’s a place to start, a way into her network!”
“Whoa, settle down there, I was just trying to point out -”
“I will not fucking settle down! This is my wife we are talking about here, and I am not about to give up!” Cass stood and stomped out of the room.
Stone looked about. “I guess I touched a nerve.”

Chapter 9: Missundaztood

Laura’s bike sped down the pavement for about twenty minutes before Kendra figured out how she would extricate herself.
She tapped Laura’s shoulder.
“NEXT EXIT!” she shouted. Kortum nodded.
A few minutes later, they were stopped at a parking lot.
“Thanks for the ride,” said Kendra, climbing off the bike and taking the helmet off. She noticed Laura’s eyes widen as her hair sprang loose, then settled back into its usual order.
Damn. Wrong thing to do.
“This isn’t Pasadena,” Kortum said, confusion and disappointment evident.
“I know,” said Kendra. “But it’s close enough, and you said it was out of your way. I’ll be fine from here.”
“It’s really not a problem...” Kortum began, but Kendra shook her head. 
“No, I wouldn’t dream of it.” 
Oh, hell. 
Kendra placed her hands on Laura’s cheeks, looked her in the eyes, then kissed her forehead. “Next time. I promise. Do you have your comm?”
Wordless, Laura handed it over. Kendra punched in a number.
“Call me tomorrow, after work.” Then she turned and walked off.
#
“You gave her what number?” hooted Evans.
“It was all I could think of!” insisted Kendra. She’d used some of her Bruins to get a cheap burner phone, and the fewest minutes she could buy. It left her with maybe enough for a bed and a meal.
“The front desk of the Luxor. Girl, your sense of irony is fine, ain’t it?” His voice dropped the levity. “You’se in trouble. You never call me otherwise.”
“Big-time, Dick.”
“Where are you?”
“Ontario.”
“Damn, girl, I don’t do nothing in Canada!”
Kendra laughed. “No, in the Confederacy.”
“Oh, that’s a little better. Still the wrong damn country. How did you end up there?”
“Short version? I was stupid.”
“You gonna tell me the long version?”
“Not today.”
“Hmpf.”
“I need your help,” Kendra repeated.
“I knew that.” Evans sighed. “What do you need?”
“Money and ID.”
“The usual, then.”
“Doesn’t have to be much, and the ID doesn’t have to last long. Enough for me to get back across the border.”
“Uh-huh.” She could hear Evans rummaging. “You’se going to need squeeze to get out of there, you know.”
“Duh, Dick. I wasn’t born yesterday.”
“No, but you sure act like it, sometimes. Where’s that pretty little wife of yours, anyway?”
“That’s part of the long version, Dick.”
She heard the frown. “You didn’t already split, did you? Best not have.”
“No! Not in the slightest. We’re separated and not voluntarily.”
“If I find out you haven’t been telling me the truth, girl, we’re going to go a few rounds. I might be older than you, but I know more dirty tricks.”
That brought a welcome smile to Kendra’s face. “Agreed,” she willingly answered. 
“Okay. Where are you?”
She gave him her location and heard him tapping away.
“Right. You’ve got fifty thousand Bruins heading your way now. There’s a cash drop I’ve used before.” He described it. “You’ll have to ID yourself to get the money, and they’re going to take a tithe of it for their fee.”
“That could be a problem. I told you, I don’t have an ID.”
“They’re used to it. That’s why the fee’s so high. Just tell them your name. Use your real name. Then they’ll ask for a passphrase. I chose “tomorrow never dies.” Got it?”
““Tomorrow never dies.” Got it. Thanks, Dick. I promise you, I’ll tell you the tale over drinks. You, me, and Cass.”
“Promises, promises.”
Minutes later, Kendra walked out of a seedy-looking pawnshop, forty-five thousand Bruins in cash, minus the cost of a few bits of hardware, in her bag. Next door was a dropbox center, and she rented a box for a week. The willing clerk overlooked the paperwork and ID requirements for an extra hundred.
She rang Evans again and gave him the address.
“I’ll get it out tonight. You’ll have it in the morning. For now, you should hole up.”
“That’s the plan.”
“You owe me a tale.”
“As soon as we can, promise.” Kendra hung up and went looking for a place to lay her head for the night.
The boarding house she eventually found was a wreck, but the old woman running it didn’t ask for ID, just five hundred Bruins. Kendra ultimately argued her down to two hundred, then paid an extra twenty for clean sheets. 
“Bathroom at the end of the hall, an’ if you want the comm, it’s ten Bruins a minute.”
“Thanks.” She didn’t mention the scrubbed link she’d picked up from the pawnshop to replace the burner.
The dim light of the dying glow panels didn’t improve her opinion of the room. “Clean sheets? Maybe. Clean mattress? Not even close!” she muttered as she swept the walls for listening devices.
“Wonder how much they charge per hour?” she asked, discovering a vid set-up behind a garish painting. A quick adjustment and the circuit was out of commission, at least for the night. Then, and only then, did she pull out the link and enter Cass’s comm code.
Bzzzzt. Bzzzzt. Bzzzzt. Bzz-
“We’re sorry, but the subscriber you are trying to reach is not available now. If you would like to leave a message, you can do so at the tone.” The canned voice stopped, then there was a beep.
“Cass, it’s Ken, I’m okay, I’m on my way back, don’t worry, and I love you.” She disconnected.
Wonder what she’s doing? Hope Mac is taking good care of her.

Chapter 10: Shadows of The Night

“This is dumb.”
“I’m open to better ideas.”
“We’re never going to get across the border.”
“You let me take care of that, okay?”
The debate was taking place in the Bugatti between Montana and Cass. The three had crammed into her again, with a very nervous Mac driving. Two other transports, driven by Stone and Sanzari, followed behind. The entire force had packed up by midnight. They were on the way west across the Texas scrub towards the Sonoran border.
“And since when did you become the experienced agent?” Montana wriggled. Cass was taller, but Montana massed more, so she was on the bottom. Mac was with them because nobody except Aiyana and Cris could cope for more than a few minutes.
“Since we’re headed for my home turf,” answered Cass. It had been her decision to load up and move out, even without a solid plan. Waiting in the hotel was too much for her to take, not when Ken might need her.
“You know that anyone with a brain will be looking for you there,” rejoined Montana.
“That’s what I’m counting on.”
“Huh? That makes no sense!”
“Exactly. So far, every time we’ve done something logical and sensible, we’ve gotten screwed.”
Montana made a face. “Okay, you’d better explain this to me.”
Cass sighed. “We ran to Vegas on a hunch and got away without a hitch, right?”
“Yeah, well, except that tail you had.”
Cass shook her head. “They were just at the tube port; they didn’t know where we were going.”
“I’ll buy that, okay.”
“Then, we go to ground in Ken’s place in the PRM. Sensible, right?”
“Yup. Exactly what you’re supposed to do.”
“And what happens? We’re attacked and barely make it out!”
Montana’s face went thoughtful. “Hmm...”
“Then we run again, down to New Orleans, and what happens?”
“I think I see. It was the right move, the by-the-book move, and you get screwed over again.”
“Right! So, if the sensible thing is to sit in place and plan?”
“Then sure as hell, something will go wrong. It feels a little bit like whistling in the dark, but I’ll go along with it. For now.” Montana’s expression changed. “What’s next?”
“Back to LA and my personal lab. It’s the last place on Earth they’d expect me to go, and from there, I have access to all sorts of information. I bet Mac will appreciate that, won’t you, Mac?”
They could almost see Mac’s face redden from embarrassment at being caught listening. She tried to bluff. “Did you say something?”
She failed miserably.
After a quick laugh, the mood sobered again. “Mac, did you dig up a code for Evans before we had to pack out?” inquired Cass.
“Oh! Yes, I think so, he wasn’t easy to find, not the real him, if you know what I mean, there were certainly plenty of dummies piled up on his accounts, but I was able to get through them all I think, he’s pretty good but not the best, there was this one guy, I don’t remember his name, but I was ordered to crack his IDs and figure out -”
“Watch the road!”
The car wobbled as Mac’s attention returned to the traffic around them.
“Can’t we use the automatics?” said Montana. “I’m not sure I like the idea of Mac driving.”
“There aren’t any automatic systems in this part of Texas, at least nothing I would trust, I’m in no shape to drive, and you said you never learned how. Besides, you keep telling me we need to plan. So we’re planning.” Cass leaned against the window and faced Mac. “Mac? Without turning around, can you tell me the comm code you found?”
“Oh sure, it’s actually not numeric, so I remembered it easily, I guess that’s why he chose it, easier to remember a word or letters than numbers -”
“Mac!”
“Yeah? Oh. Hotel Alpha Lima Echo Sierra Tango Oscar Romeo Mike.”
“Halestorm?”
Mac’s shoulders raised and settled back in a shrug that didn’t entirely distract her from driving. “That’s what I found.”
“Whatever works, I guess.” Cass held out her hand. “I need your comm, Cris.”
“Where’s yours?” she asked, digging in a pocket.
“The goons at HLC took everything off of me except my clothes. I’m sure that they’re in a filing cabinet somewhere.”
Montana handed over the comm. “Or trashed.”
“I hope not. Jerks even took my wedding ring. If that’s been trashed, then they’re really going to regret it.”
Cass punched in the code.
“We’re sorry, but the subscriber you are trying to reach is not available now. If you would like to leave a message, you can do so at the tone.” 
Cass disconnected. “Dammit.”
Montana said, “It’s after midnight, and didn’t you say he’s an old man? He’s probably asleep. Call back and leave a message this time.”
“Point.” She re-punched the code and got the recording again. “Dick, it’s Cass. I’m in trouble and need your help. Comm me back when you get this.” Hanging up again, she said, “Mind if I hold onto this?”
“Naah, it’s disposable. I always carry a few.”

Chapter 11: Dirty Work

The body had been taken away, and the door hung open in silent accusation.
Kaine stood in the doorway, peering in the darkness of the isolation room. It should have broken Cassidy’s will long before her associates could mount a rescue attempt, much less actually retrieve her with her body and mind intact. How? Where did it go wrong? He turned to face his immediate subordinates, gathered in the corridor.
“Well?” he snarled. “Whose fuck-up is this?”
None of the assembled flunkies answered him. This was partly fear. They all knew what the Director was capable of. It was also partly defiance. This had been entirely Kaine’s operation, and nobody wanted to share in the shitstorm that was sure to follow.
“Get out of my sight!” he barked when the silence stretched. They scattered.
Kaine stalked back to his office, ignoring Courtney, slamming the door closed and engaging the full measure of security protocols before keying on his comm.
“The bitch got away.”
“Your superior isn’t going to be happy with you. I guess you aren’t as good as you think you are, eh? Maybe you shouldn’t have tried to save your money by not hiring the best.” The voice was mocking.
“Listen, Talbott, if your incompetent fools hadn’t allowed her out of your oh-so-secure compound, I wouldn’t have had to try to catch her!” snapped Kaine.
“And if you hadn’t been in such an all-fired rush, we could have done a proper operation and never gotten Foster-Briggs involved!” Talbott barked back.
Kaine forced himself to be calm. There’d be time enough to settle with Talbott. After the operation was over. 
And he’d do it off the books.
“Do you have any leads I can follow?”
“No,” ground out Talbott. “Nothing. It’s like she fell off the planet.”
“Maybe she did,” mused Kaine.
“Off-planet? Ha!” scoffed Talbott. “Not without her wife!”
“And how do you know that they aren’t together?” countered Kaine.
“I have my sources,” answered Talbott.
“You’re concealing something,” accused Kaine.
“Of course I am! You’re a client. You think I tell you everything?” Talbott laughed bitterly. “Not even close. I tell you what I think you need to know. You only get this much because your superior doesn’t want to know any details.”
Frustrated, Kaine returned to the subject of Cassidy. “I’ll assume she’s gone to ground. Probably somewhere in the Republic. With no cash, no credit, no ID, there’s not too many places she can go.”
“And just what does that mean to you, Mr. Kaine?”
“It means my sources shouldn’t have any problem running her down, not as long as she’s in Texas, and she can’t get out without passing the border check. Let me tell you, our Border Patrol beats those pussies from the United States like the Cowboys always whip the San Antonio Defenders.”
“I’m afraid I don’t follow you, and it’s not important. You’re sure Cassidy cannot get across the border?”
“Not a chance.”
“Make sure you don’t screw this up too, Kaine,” sneered Talbott, then disconnected.

Chapter 12: Daughters of Darkness

The mini convoy stopped two klicks short of the Sonoran border for a conference.
“No way we pass through with all our equipment,” insisted Stone. “I know these lads. They are serious about border control.”
“What if we -” started Celsey, but Cass interrupted.
“Dump ‘em.”
“No weapons?” gasped a shocked Montana.
“No weapons,” agreed Cass. “If we can’t get them across, we can’t get them across. We lose some hardware.” She looked at the surrounding faces, showing various degrees of shock, and shrugged. “So what? We can replace the hardware. We can’t replace team members if you get detained. Mac, didn’t you tell me that you acquired all this stuff in the past couple of days?”
Mac nodded and opened her mouth to speak.
“That means we can get more,” continued Cass before Mac could speak. She held their eyes, one pair at a time until each had nodded agreement, except for Stone.
“Not a chance, missy. I have my federal license to carry, honored by all the countries south of the PRM. If those jumped-up Rangers think I’m going to give up my gun because they can’t handle a sheila packing, they’ve got another think coming!” She patted the matte black pulse rifle fondly. “Me and this beauty have a history, we do.”
Cass knew when to give in.
“The travel documents we used to get across from OutLook. Are they good enough to get us out?”
“No problem,” assured Mac. “I did the hacks myself, not even the Feds could crack those babies, let alone these Republic pricks out here with the saguaros and Gila monsters, we’re good as long as – oh, shit.”
“Not good, Mac,” said Montana. “What is “oh shit”?”
“Kaine,” came Mac’s one-word reply. 
“Oh, shit,” echoed Cass.
“We’re covered,” said Mac, regaining her composure. “We have our real passports, we used those heading in-country, that’ll get us out, but Cass is a different case, the ID she used in HLC is certainly burned, and there’s no way that her real ID would pass, not the real person that HLC is looking for, and even then, Cass, what are you doing?”
Cass had dived back into the car and was rummaging through her bags. 
“Tell you in a minute if I didn’t forget and am imagining things and no! Ha!” She held up an ID pack triumphantly.
“You can’t use your real ID,” said Montana patiently.
“It’s not my real one. Dick it for me, and it’ll beat any system you want to throw at it.” Aiyana thumbed the pack to life. A 3D hologram of her head appeared, with the name “Willow Rosenberg” floating below. “That’s settled, then. But, Mac, what if Talbott’s reported all of you to the Rangers?”
“I’ve been playing with the Immigration systems, checking for flags, and there’s nothing for any of our team, at least nobody new, you, me, Cris, and Lisa are all tagged, Mac and me under the aliases we used in HLC, you with your real name and the Deety alias, and Lisa with her real name, I’ve done all I can, but I can’t break their encryption to remove them, not out here on the road, sorry, but at least we know.”
Aiyana nodded. “We figured as much. Willow’s good, right?”
“Right,” Mac agreed.
“And you’ll keep watching the others’ identities?”
Mac nodded. Then she said, “I’ll do my best, but something might slip through and what if it does?”
“Then,” said Stone, fingering the 40-megawatt pulse rifle, “We’ll just have to convince them of the errors of their ways.”
#
From their position inside the “Last Texas BBQ” roadhouse, Cass, Stone, and Montana watched the traffic flow out of the country. The plan was the two vans would attempt to cross first, spaced a few minutes apart. The command team gleaned all the information they could from observation. 
Sanzari would comm Montana as soon as she’d passed through, relaying any potentially sticky questions for the second team. Montana and Cass would make their crossing if both teams got through without problems. Stone?
She was going to cross on foot.
As they nursed their beers and snacks, it looked like it might be challenging. Even though it was the middle of the night, it didn’t seem the Rangers believed in slacking off at all.
Their most significant difficulty was the Bugatti. Cass had flatly refused to leave it behind in the supposedly-secure storage Montana had arranged. 
“If I show up and have to tell Kendra that her baby is a thousand miles away in the hands of someone I didn’t even vet? You’re the ones who keep bragging about her skills as an assassin! No, thank you!”
So, perforce, Cass was driving the Bugatti.
The border was brightly lit on both sides. The would-be international travelers were separated and herded into individual “interview rooms” on the Texas end. At the same time, their vehicle was painstakingly inspected for any contraband. It looked like the average was about ten minutes per person, though they noted one man in a beret had gone in nearly an hour earlier and hadn’t yet emerged. 
In contrast, the Sonoran crossing a hundred meters away was relaxed almost to the point of coma, with only the most perfunctory questioning.
“Sonora’s a doddle,” said Stone. “But getting out of Texas might be a mite tougher.”
Montana nodded around her French fries. “I’m not looking forward to explaining things to those Rangers.”
Cass shook her head. “Come on, you two! Have a little faith! Mac hasn’t failed us yet, has she?”
“No, she hasn’t, but –”
“But nothing! She hasn’t failed us, and she won’t fail us now.”
“What if –” Whatever Montana was about to say was lost as Stone interrupted.
“Heads up. The first van is headed in.”
The other two’s heads swiveled to look out the window.
The van was pulling up to the border, Sanzari at the controls. From their vantage point, Cass could see the driver’s side. Sanzari was calm and relaxed, answering the questions the pair of Rangers threw at her. After a couple moments, the Rangers stepped back as the doors opened and the first team piled out. One Ranger took the vehicle to inspection, and the second led Sanzari’s group into the control building.
“Clock’s started,” said Stone tersely.
Aiyana had a sudden thought. “How long until Mac’s group?” 
Montana checked her chronograph. “If they’re on schedule? Eight minutes.”
“Get in touch with her. Tell her to pull over and wait.”
“On it.” Montana’s voice was questioning, but she punched in the comm code unhesitatingly. Cass turned her attention back to the window as Montana talked in the background.
“Two minutes,” said Stone.
More cars, hovercraft, and trucks approached the checkpoint. All the procedures seemed to be the same as for Sanzari. That was good.
“She’s stopped,” reported Montana.
“I want to see how it goes with Sanzari’s crew before we send Mac through,” explained Cass to the unspoken question. “We missed it in our planning,” she added. 
“My fault,” said Montana and Stone simultaneously.
“We’ve been rushed,” said Cass, waving them both off. “At least we caught this one before it got us by the tail.” They all fell silent again, punctuated by Stone’s timekeeping.
“Eight minutes.”
“Ten minutes.”
“Twelve minutes.”
“Dammit, what if something’s gone wrong?” muttered Montana. “It shouldn’t take this long. Hell, I’ve seen a dozen cars pass through since they went in!”
“Relax, kid,” said Stone. “Lots of things could be happening, not all of them bad. Slow interviewer. Lunch breaks. Remember, there’s six of ‘em in there. They’re only going to be as fast as the slowest interviewer. Or interviewee.”
“That’s true,” added Cass. “Isn’t Michael in this group?”
“Yeah,” said Montana thoughtfully. “That deep South accent of his? I don’t think he could say his name in less than ten seconds if you put a gun to his head.”
“I see the van, and Sanzari’s at the wheel,” exclaimed Stone. “Looks good so far.”
“Two more,” added Montana.
“One on this end too,” chimed in Cass. “Three more.”
Two minutes passed before the next came out, with the fifth member following seconds behind.
“One more,” said Cass, unnecessarily. Her nerves were showing, and the following minutes were agonizing as the waiting dragged out. 
“Who’s left?” she said. “Michael?”
Montana nodded. “Yup. What a shocker. And you know – well, you wouldn’t know, but in any case. Michael can talk the ears off you if you let him. Slowly.”
“I guess.”
“Relax.” The chime on Cass’s burner comm interrupted her. She checked the code before answering.
“Hey Dick, thanks for ringing back.”
“No problem, missy. You and Kendra, you sure do make an old man’s life more interesting.”
“Have you heard from her?” The eagerness in Cass’s voice couldn’t be hidden.
“You kiddin’? Who do you think she called? Shit, girl.”
“She’s okay?” She asked her question was a mix of trepidation and hope.
“She’s fine. She’s got money and a roof over her head. So why can’t you let an old man sleep?”
Cass couldn’t answer. She was silently sobbing. Montana took the comm from her unresisting fingers.
“Mr. Evans, Cass is a bit, ah…”
“Yeah, yeah. Bawling like a baby, I’m sure. Who’re you?”
“I’m a friend of Kendra’s from her old Agency. Cristina Montana.”
“Yeah, well, do you know what she wanted, waking me up in the middle of the night like this? I’m an old man, and I needs my sleep. Not that I’m likely to get any, all the chattering and tale-telling those two do.”
“She’s trying to get hold of Kendra. You’ve been in contact?”
“You must not be listening right. Hell yes, I’ve been in contact!”
“I’m sure that she would like the contact information.”
Evans’s voice changed timbre. “Uh-huh, I’ll just bet, Mizz Cristina Montana of the A-gen-cy. I’ll just bet.”
Cass grabbed the phone back. “Dick, it’s alright. Montana is helping us, helping me. We’re trying to reconnect with Kendra. Do you know where she is? Wait, no, scratch that question.” 
Aiyana thought quickly, trying to figure a way to contact her without making Dick violate his security principles. “Can you give her this comm code next time you’re in touch? Then it’s out of your hands.”
They could hear the smile in the old forger’s voice. “You bet I will,” he said. “After I check it out. Gots to be safe; gots to protect my baby girl, you know.” The voice grew harder but still fond.
“I understand. As soon as you can, please.” 
“That’s up to her,” Dick said before disconnecting. Cass sat back, smiling.
“Stop looking the bloody love-struck cow,” snapped Stone. “We still have another team to get through, plus our own selves, if you don’t mind.”
“We’re clear,” said Montana. “Michael strolled out a few seconds ago. They should be on the way any moment. There they go.” The van pulled away from the Border Control building and slowly approached the Sonoran checkpoint.
“One more hurdle,” muttered Cass. 
“I won’t say relax,” said Stone. “But a little less stress would be good. You’ll live longer.”
The van barely stopped at the Sonoran border before the lead guard waved them through. 
“I must say, I expected a bit more fuss than that,” said an astonished Stone.
“Sonora is pretty laid-back,” said a smug Cass. “That’s why we ended up there.”
“There’s laid-back, and then there’s comatose,” insisted Stone. 
“Can we send Mac through?” Montana asked. “Or do we want her to wait longer?”
Cass looked to Stone questioningly.
Stone dropped the half-full mug on the table. “I’d say wait, but then we’re stuck here longer drinking this watered-down horse piss you bloody colonials call beer. I vote to send them on.”
“Make the call, Cris.” It was brief.
“Done. We should think about settling the check,” added Montana.
A few minutes later, Mac’s transport appeared.
“Don’t blow this,” muttered Montana. “Don’t blow it, Mac.”
“She’s going to be fine,” assured Stone.
Stone’s stolid assertion was borne out. In a little more than ten minutes, all the members of Mac’s team had been processed and released. The entry into Sonora went as rapidly as Sanzari’s.
“Game faces, ladies,” said Stone. “You’re on.”
“You’re sure you don’t want a ride? It might be crowded, but we can manage.” Aiyana said to Stone.
“Don’t you never mind,” replied Stone. “What you don’t know, you can’t tell. I’ll meet you on the t’other side.” She was up and out before Cass could reply.
Montana shrugged. “SEALs.”
Chapter 13: Sympathy for the Devil

“Kaine.”
“They’re all through.”
“You’re sure?”
“We ID’d Cassidy. Not tough to do in that fancy car.”
“Fuck me. I wish you could have snatched her. That would have – fuck it. You didn’t let on?”
“Talbott didn’t recruit dummies, asshole.”
“And I wouldn’t expect rocket scientists to be assigned to a border post in the armpit of Texas, jackoff. The frequency of the tracker?”
“Seventy-five point eight megahertz. The money is in the account?”
“We’re not cheap. It’s there, with a bonus.”
“You know how to reach us if you need us again.”
“Fat fucking chance.” The connection was abruptly closed.
The Ranger snarled, “Asshole.”
Chapter 14: Girls are Back in Town

Stone was true to her word. She commed them from the Sonoran border and arranged for Mac to pick her up.
They stopped briefly outside Tucumcari to regroup and review the route. Cass was familiar with the area, but the only agent who had spent much time in Sonora was Montana. 
“The best way from here is to go to Clines Corners and head north,” said Cass, using Mac’s computer to illustrate.
“And that’s exactly why we shouldn’t,” countered Stone. “If anyone’s following us, we lead them right to our destination.”
“She’s right,” added Montana. “What are our other options?”
“We can go all the way to Albuquerque, then backtrack.”
“Not a great option,” said Stone. “More time on the road is more opportunity for someone to find us.”
“Our third option is to turn north at Vegas Junction, then head west at Las Vegas.”
“Ooh, do I get to meet Dick, I really admired his security software, it was terrific if a little bit old school, but that’s actually a strength now, so it all evens out, and I’ll bet there are things he could teach me about –”
Cass laughed. “Not that Las Vegas, Mac. There’s one in Sonora, too.”
Montana, who had been examining the map, said, “Los Alamos is tucked into a little pocket that can’t really be accessed from many directions. I only see two roads leading in or out, one from Santa Fe to the south, one from Taos to the north.”
Cass nodded. “That’s why the old federal government built it up so much as a research town, the isolation. Trails run through the mountains, but I’m not familiar enough with them to think I could get us through.”
“We split up,” said Stone, reasonably.
“No way!” objected Lisa, who had been sitting quietly. “The last time you split up for any reason, you rescued me but lost Cass!”
“Point,” agreed Montana, “But the Chief is right. We need to split up and do it in a way that gets us all there at about the same time.”
She studied the map some more.
“Cass, what’s the top speed for Kendra’s car?”
“Too fast,” said Cass, laughing. “Seriously, she can top out over four-twenty, but the most I’ve done is three seventy-five.”
“We get the long way, then,” said Montana. “We’ll head north at Vegas Junction, then continue north, almost to Raton, then head west to Taos. From there, we can head south to Los Alamos.” She considered the other two drivers.
“Sanzari, you’re going to follow us to Las Vegas, then backtrack to Santa Fe and head north. Mac, you’re going to Clines Corners and head north.” It took some time, but routes and speeds were finally figured out. The only sticking point was who would ride with Cass, Stone, or Montana.
“We don’t know what kind of people HLC has watching the house,” argued Stone. “You need an expert on infiltration to clear the way, and that’s not you.”
“Yeah?” bristled Montana. “And –” The bickering was interrupted by Cass’s phone sounding.
“Hello?” she answered.
“Babe? Is that you?”
“Kendra!” Cass squeaked.
“Oh, by all the gods, it’s good to hear you!”
“I – I –” Whatever Cass was going to say next was lost. The emotions of the past few days spilled over, and she couldn’t continue. Gently, Montana took the comm from her hand and put it on speaker.
“Kendra? It’s Montana. Cass needs a minute, but she can still hear you.”
“I’m totally there,” answered Kendra, stifling a sniffle. “Where are you?”
“Tucumcari, in Sonora.”
“Heading home?” Kendra guessed.
“Exactly. We figure to be there in three hours or so.”
“I’ll probably get there first,” said Kendra.
“That might not be such a good idea,” interjected Stone.
“Who’s that?”
“Sorry. Master Chief Mikki Stone, formerly of the SEALs. She’s a friend of Dr. Mantchev. She’s helping out.”
“I think there’s more to the story,” said Kendra. “But later. Why not, Master Chief?”
Stone briefly related their border crossing and her suspicion that HLC would be watching the home in Los Alamos.
“You’re exactly right,” agreed Kendra. “That’s textbook. What’s the plan?”
“We’re working on it,” Stone said. “D’ye want to meet us there?”
“No offense, Master Chief, but if I had my druthers, I’d prefer to work with Montana. I don’t know you from Eve.”
“Fair dues,” agreed Stone. “That settles who rides with whom, at least.”
“I’ll catch a shuttle to LA as soon as I can. I’m near enough to a couple services that I can  muddy my trail a bit more. Take a couple hours, maybe.”
“I’d be moving now,” suggested Stone.
“Already out the door,” replied Kendra, passing the office and tossing her key at the old woman. 
“Sheets are still clean, and you can keep the bedbugs,” she called. 
“Hurry up and wait time, now,” she said. “I have some cash but not enough to bribe my way out without ID. I’ve got ID coming first thing, but I really don’t want to wait here.”
“All-night diner?” smiled Montana.
“And bottomless coffee,” agreed Kendra.
Cass had recovered enough to speak and gestured for the comm.
“Kendra, your wife would like to talk with you,” said Montana, switching off the speaker and handing the comm back to Cass. “Come on, Chief. Let’s give her some space.”
A few minutes later, a nearly ecstatic Cass rejoined them.
“She’s going to meet us at ten. The rendezvous is the café we stopped at when we were supposed to get married. We can figure out what we do from there.”
The address was passed around. Stone joined Sanzari’s crew for the ride.
“I don’t think I can take three hours listening to Agent McAllister, no offense,” she said. Soon enough, all three vehicles departed.
Several miles away, a signal chimed.
“On the move,” said the driver, already getting back into traffic.

Chapter 15: I Like it Heavy

“We’re being followed.”
“Ah, shit,” replied Cass. “How do you know?”
“Same headlights for the past ten minutes,” said Montana. “Not getting closer, not falling off.”
Aiyana looked in the mirror. Maybe the headlights looked familiar? But it was late and dark, and she hadn’t been paying attention.
“There isn’t much out here,” argued Cass. “Nothing for them to stop at.”
“Right, so they should have passed us by now.”
They were still on the road between Vegas Junction and Las Vegas. It was a well-maintained local road, but only two lanes, so Cass had opted to maintain the speed limit of sixty MPH rather than push it.
“Point,” admitted Cass. “You said they’ve been there ten minutes?”
“At least. I hadn’t noticed the lights before, so they could have been behind us longer.”
“What do you suggest?”
“Well,” mused Montana. “The way I see it, there are three possibilities. One, it’s a coincidence, and they’re just cautious.”
Aiyana snorted. “Yeah, I trust coincidences like I believe a Vegas hooker when he says he’s clean.” 
“Two,” continued Montana, trying not to laugh, “It’s a cop. They’re waiting for us to do something they can ticket us for.”
“I hate when they do that, but I don’t think so. There aren’t many cops out here,” countered Cass.
“No, but it would be just our luck, wouldn’t it?”
“Yeah, true enough. What’s the third possibility?” Aiyana’s eyes flicked to the mirror again.
“We’re being tailed by someone, probably HLC, but maybe OutLook.”
“I was afraid you might say that.”
“It’s not bad news, actually.”
Aiyana was surprised by this statement. “How do you figure?”
“If they’re following us, they don’t know who’s in here, where we’re going, or what we plan to do, and they want to find out.” Montana stated her opinion with the air of a pronouncement from on high. “How far to Las Vegas?”
Cass checked the nav. “About another twenty minutes.”
Montana considered their options. “Here’s what I think we should do. Hit the gas, bring us up to, oh, eighty.”
“Why?” Aiyana was already accelerating.
“Narrow it down. If it’s a cautious driver, they’ll fall back. If it’s a cop, eighty is enough for them to pull us over.”
Cass jumped in with the last one. “And if they keep up, enemies.”
“Bingo.”
Only a few seconds passed before Cass spoke again.
“They’re not falling back.”
“Not a cautious driver,” agreed Montana.
A few more seconds passed. 
“That’s eighty and no rollers.”
“Give it a minute,” said Montana. “And maybe a few miles faster.”
“How about five? That’ll put us into the “reckless driving” category. That’s a huge fine.”
“Good.”
The darkened landscape whisked by.
“And that’s eighty-five.”
“Still there,” Montana said. “Not cops.”
“No,” agreed Cass. “I wish I knew the car better,” she added.
“Oh?” Cris was thrown by the apparent non sequitur.
“Kendra told me she’s had all sorts of, well, upgrades done,” Cass said coyly, unsure of how much to reveal. “I don’t think it would be a good idea to poke around to figure it out.”
“No,” Montana agreed. “It would be just like her to have a self-destruct.”
Cass paled. “I forgot about that until you mentioned it. Thanks so much.”
“No problem. Wait, you mean there is one? I was joking!”
“I’m not sure Kendra was.”
They drove in silence for several minutes, monitoring the unchanging lights.
“Okay,” said Montana finally. “Bring it back down to sixty. They’re not going to try anything.”
“How can you be so sure?”
“Basic tradecraft. If I were them, this is when I would try to take you out. We’re on a virtually deserted road, and we’re obviously aware of them, given what we just did. I’d be thinking now or never.” Montana gestured over her shoulder to the lights, still maintaining their distance. “These bozos aren’t, so they’re just following us. That’s bad, but it’s back in our favor.”
“Oh? How do you figure? Five minutes to Vegas, by the way.”
“It gives us the advantage of the initiative. They’re just the tail. Once they report in, their bosses will call up the muscle. If I had to guess, they might think it’s just you, and they’ll underestimate you since you’re not a pro. Bad mistake.”
“I don’t know. If you weren’t telling me this, I’d be pretty clueless.”
“But I am. Besides, it’s not the pros you have to watch out for. It’s the amateurs because they don’t know what won’t work.”
Cass considered this briefly, then shelved it when Montana continued. 
“If we can lose them, even for a little while, we can set up a surprise for them in Los Alamos.” Cris paused thoughtfully. “How fast did you say you could drive?”
“I’ve done three seventy-five, but that was KPH. Um.” She did a little mental math. “A bit over two thirty MPH.”
“Not on this road,” said Montana, calculating. “What’s the pavement like once we get through Las Vegas?”
Cass grinned. 
“Big and wide and beautiful.” Ahead, the lights of the city shone. Minutes later, having passed through Las Vegas and returned to the near-total dark of the road, Cass asked, “They still behind us?”
Montana checked. “Yup.”
“They have no idea how far behind they’re about to be.” With that, Aiyana’s foot slammed on the accelerator. The lights visibly diminished and were quickly out of sight.
“How long until we have to turn?”
“At this speed?” They were just over two hundred. “Maybe thirty minutes before we have to stop to refuel.”
Montana frowned. “If they push their car – dammit, I didn’t get a good look at it. Don’t know what it was, so I don’t really know how fast it can go.” She fell silent, considering variables and possibilities.
After a moment, Aiyana interrupted her. “Cris, that might not matter.”
Roused from her thoughts, Montana said, “Huh?”
“How are they following us?”
“This car isn’t exactly inconspicuous,” replied Montana.
“No, but they weren’t behind us the whole way from Tucumcari. We would have noticed.”
“Maybe. Maybe not. I wasn’t particularly situationally aware for a while.”
“Not going to let you blame yourself,” Aiyana said. “Period. Even if you’d noticed, there isn’t anything different we could have done. Right?”
Montana didn’t answer immediately, and Aiyana prompted her.
“Right?”
“Doc, you’re not a psychologist, too, are you?”
“No. Moving on, then. However they’re tracking us, it must not be visual.”
“Oh, I am such an idiot!” exclaimed Montana. “A tracker. Of course. Fuck.”
“That’s what I think,” said Cass. “And I’ll bet I know when they tagged us.”
“At the border,” nodded Montana.
“Exactly. So. How are you at gadgets?”
“Not as good as Mac,” admitted Montana. “Hurt people and break things, remember? But you hum the tune, and I can fake it. Worst case, I can break it.”
“Then here’s what we do.”
Thirty-five minutes later, the highway behind them stopped at a fueling depot in Hebron, Montana and Cass scoured the car.
“Engine, chassis, trunk,” said Montana. “They didn’t have long, and they would have wanted to put it somewhere it wouldn’t be noticed.” 
Aiyana poked her head up from where she was looking. “Would it need power, or would have its own?”
“The ones I’m familiar with have batteries,” answered Montana. “Easier to be self-contained. Less chance of something going wrong.”
“Then I’m gonna bet this one needs external power,” said Cass.
“Huh?”
“Contraries. Remember? Every time we go logical?” She opened up the cabin.
“It bites us in the ass.” Montana shook her head. “I’ll check the engine first.”
“How long do you think we have?”
“Making a metric fuckton of assumptions? Twenty minutes tops.”
“We’d better hurry.”
Cass called out, “Got it!” and emerged from the cabin seventeen minutes later.
Montana pulled herself away from the engine. “Let me see.”
As she expected, the device was small, only two centimeters on each side. A thin wire trailed out of Cass’s open palm.
Montana took it from Aiyana. “Sure looks like it. Where was it?”
“Clipped onto the power lead to the nav system. The wiring is exposed below the center console, probably where Kendra did her upgrades.”
“Yeah. Makes sense. Easy to get to quickly, but nobody would look there.” Montana examined the device. “I’ve got an idea. Do you mind?” Cass shook her head, and with a wicked grin, Montana took the transmitter and walked off.
Moments later, hands clean, she climbed into her seat and said to the waiting Cass, “Let’s go.”
“What –” started Cass, but Montana shook her head.
“Later. For now, drive.”
Aiyana waited until they were back on the Taos road before speaking again.
“Now?”
Montana peered out the rear for a moment before replying. “Looks like it worked, for now. Worst case, it should buy us some time,” she said.
“What did you do?” demanded Cass.
“I found a vehicle with United States plates,” answered Montana, still looking.
“And?”
“I asked the owner – he said his name was Matt like I cared – where he was headed. Back into the Mountain Territories. Well, it took a little convincing, but I talked him into buying the tracker. I sold it as a signal booster and installed it too. Got twenty credits for it to boot.”
“You didn’t.”
“I did. By now, Matt’s on his way to the border. With any luck, by the time the goons following us realize what we’ve done, we’ll be at your home.”
She wasn’t wrong. The trail car followed the decoy nearly to the ruins of Denver, where Matt stopped again for breakfast. The agents pulled into the parking lot, looking for the distinctive shape of the Bugatti. They realized they had been duped when they couldn’t find it and reluctantly contacted Kaine. After several minutes of abuse, Kaine ordered them to head to Los Alamos. They protested that it would take them at least six hours to get there, to no avail. But they were in no hurry to comply.


Chapter 16: Don’t Threaten Me with a Good Time

The café was busy, and the teams scattered across the dining area. Cass, Montana, Mac, and Stone sat together. Aiyana faced the entrance, Montana and Stone flanking her. Mac ended with her back to the door, oblivious to her vulnerable position.
“Try to look natural,” said Montana for the eighteenth time. “At least drink your coffee.”
Cass automatically took a sip, eyes never leaving the door, then made a face. 
“Ugh. This is stone cold.”
Mac piped up. She was on her third mug, extra cream and sugar, and was even more peppy than usual. “Yeah, well, if you’d been drinking it instead of staring outside, you might have gotten a refill by now and it wouldn’t be cold and then Cris wouldn’t be telling you to act natural and what are you worried about, it’s not ten yet, she’s not late, she’ll be here you know.”
Cass finally pulled her gaze away to look at her companions. “Sorry,” she said, not sounding apologetic at all. “It’s just –”
“It’s bad tradecraft, is what it is,” said Stone. “This might be home base for you, but right now, it’s enemy territory. You can’t do anything to call attention to yourself, and that includes focusing on the door so intently that a blind rabbit could tell you’re waiting for someone.”
Whatever response Cass was going to make was lost, as Kendra chose that moment to walk in.
“Oh, look, Cass, Kendra’s here, I told you she’d –”
Cass was in Kendra’s arms like she’d teleported. Fortunately, nobody had any immediate plans, but Stone started to get antsy when the largely-incoherent greetings stretched past five minutes.
“Ladies,” she said. “I don’t want to interrupt, but we have some pressing issues.”
Kendra recovered her composure first. Still holding Cass’s hand, she turned to face Stone.
“You must be the SEAL,” she said without preamble.
“Master Chief Mikki Stone. Retired SEAL.” She automatically extended her hand, then retracted it when she noticed Kendra wasn’t about to let go of Cass.
“Agent Kendra Marissa Cassidy,” replied Kendra. “Also retired. I think we have the, ah, circumstances of our retirement in common.” Kendra nodded to Montana. “You must be good. Cris doesn’t tolerate incompetence on her teams.”
Stone looked to Montana at that, who shrugged.
“I told you I hurt people and break things. I didn’t say I wasn’t an expert in team dynamics and combat skills evaluation.” Her face broke into a broad smile. “Hi, Kendra. Long time.”
Kendra released Aiyana’s hand long enough to wrap Montana in a quick hug. “Too long, Cris. I’d say I’m sorry you got pulled into this shitstorm, but I’d be lying, and I’m no good at it.”
“Me too, Kendra.”
Stone cleared her throat, and the two agents broke. 
“Right,” said Stone, deadpan. “In any case, we have some planning to do. I don’t think here is the right venue.”
“Agreed,” said Kendra.
“I know where we can go,” said Cass.
#
“Full circle,” said Kendra.
They were standing at what had been their wedding venue. Being a weekday, no events were planned, and they’d been able to access it without any difficulty. 
“We’re clear,” announced Mac after scanning for any listening devices. The outdoor location made eavesdropping less likely, but they’d learned not to be overconfident.
“I’ve got to tell you –” said Cass and Kendra together, then stopped.
“You first,” said Kendra.
“No, you,” insisted Cass.
“Oh, for bog’s sake,” muttered Stone. “We don’t have time for this rubbish. Aiyana, I know what you know, so why doesn’t Agent Cassidy start?”
Kendra said, “Not “Agent” anything. I’m just Kendra here, but thank you, Master Chief.”
“You can call me Chief,” said Stone with a slight smile.
“Right. Chief. Okay, so I’ll tell it bang. I was set up by Talbott. She’s responsible for the deaths of two other agents. I don’t know why, but I do know who she sold me out to, and he’s heir to one of the biggest criminal undergrounds in the entire Confederacy.”
Cass was shaking her head, and Kendra scowled.
“What no? I’m telling you, Talbott –“
“Is a snake and a bitch, and you don’t know the half of it,” interrupted Cass. “You’re right. She set you up. And she set us up as well, and it’s all coming from, well, let me tell it from the beginning.”
By the end, with key additions from Montana, Mac, and Lisa, Kendra just sat and shook her head.
“Frak me running.”
“That sums it up, yeah,” replied Cass. “As near as I can count, we have Talbott and Kaine gunning for us, at the orders of someone higher up at HLC, plus Williamson in the Confederacy.”
Sanzari, looking uncomfortable, spoke. “Agent, I had no idea –”
Kendra waved off the apology. “There’s no way you could have known. The operation was totally by the book, and you had no clue what was in the envelope. Believe me, no hard feelings on my end. If there were, well.…” She let the unspoken reminder of her now-former profession hang for a moment before continuing.
“Williamson isn’t anything to worry about. Yeah, he’s got money, but his power really doesn’t extend far beyond the Valley. He doesn’t have much of an organization, thanks to what I did to them on my way out a few years back, so unless he wants to throw good money after bad, I think we can forget about him. At least for now. I wouldn’t mind going back and finishing the job. Purely personal reasons.”
“Talbott and Kaine,” said Montana. “That’s another problem.”
“I agree,” said Stone. “They have reach and resources.”
Kendra nodded. “We have one weapon. Two. Lisa and Mac.”
The two ladies looked to her at their names.
“You’ve both proven you can get in and out of the HLC and OutLook computer systems. Any reason to think you can’t continue doing it from here?”
There was a moment of eloquent looks between the two before Mac answered.
“It all depends on how secure the systems are we’re going to have access to, if we have to worry about keeping off the grid, then we’re not going to be able to devote as much time to getting in, and anyways getting into the systems isn’t the issue, the issue is not being detected, and that gets back to the system security and our ability to spoof their hunter programs, I know the ones at OutLook since I practiced against them and I even wrote some of them, hey, Lisa, I wonder if you and I could recode a worm to hunt the hunters, that would keep them off our backs, and if we can do that at OutLook we could probably do that at HLC through your backdoors.”
Kendra, who had blissfully forgotten about Mac’s quirk, gamely followed through to the end. “Okay, so that’s a yes?” 
“Well, yeah,” replied Mac. “If the system’s secure.”
“Once we’re back home, you’ll have a secure system. I did so much telework that I practically had a dedicated line.” Aiyana sounded pleased to contribute.
“Yeah, well, you see, that’s its own problem if you always used one –”
Lisa cut Mac off. “One issue at a time. Come on, I don’t think they need us for this bit. We can strategize.” The two computer experts stepped away, already conversing in low tones.
“That leaves the problem of getting into your home,” reminded Stone.
“I had some thoughts,” said Cass. “First, I wanted to talk to everyone, now that you all have a better idea what we’re up against.”
She stood and faced the people who’d risked so much for her already. Kendra looked to her, unsure what Aiyana intended but supportive. “It’s probably not too late to get out. I know you’ve all taken chances to be here, but that’s when you thought it was a much, much smaller problem. You didn’t expect to be taking on two major organizations with a bare handful of bodies, so if you want to go home, go back to your lives, please. Go now. I know you’ve broken cover and violated your orders to be here. You don’t need to go any further.”
Faces turned to each other, and whispered questions ran through the group. A moment later, Sanzari stood.
“I think I speak for everyone when I say, to hell with our orders. We’re with you to the end, you and Kendra.”
Cass’s eyes glistened, but her voice was steady. Her hand sought Kendra’s. “Thank you all. We’ll try to make this worthwhile.”
Kendra hugged her then turned to the group. “Now we plan.”
Stone said, “One question before we get rolling? It’s a really basic one.”
“Sure, Chief.”
“What’s the address? I want to call up a map of the area around the property.”
“Thirteen thirteen Mockingbird Lane,” Kendra said.
“Got it. Now, we can plan properly.”

Chapter 17: This is Our House

“Cass, are you in?” Kendra’s voice was surprisingly clear over the tiny earbud. 
Cass, Mac, and Lisa were at a local Net Access Point. Aiyana tapped into their home’s Self-Aware Response Advanced Heuristics program and accessed the property’s current status. It didn’t appear that anyone had entered in the days they’d been gone, which made her heart sink. She still held hope that Derek was alive and well, though it was fading. 
Mac and Lisa were working on their own projects at nearby terminals. Kendra, Montana, and Stone were in one of their transports, parked about two hundred meters down the street, watching the house and planning.
“All the security cameras are on. The visuals are clean. SARAH doesn’t report any entries since we left.” Cass suddenly giggled, then stifled it. She wasn’t quick enough.
“What?”
“I just thought of something.”
“Don’t make me guess,” Kendra warned her.
“When you get in? Don’t open up the refrigerator.”
“Oh?”
Aiyana didn’t try to suppress this laugh. “Two-week-old egg salad.”
“Oh, crap.” Kendra shook her head at the imagined smell, then returned to the serious business at hand. “Anything on the exterior monitors?”
“Nothing, no movement.”
“Mac?”
“I’ve tapped into all of the neighborhood cameras, both the city system and the private systems that report to outside servers, and I haven’t seen anything recently, but the way your place is located, there really isn’t much coverage nearby, why did you have to live so far away from everyone, I know you like your privacy but two klicks from your nearest neighbor is a little extreme, don’t you think, anyway, I don’t have anything else to say so I’ll just shut up now.”
“Master Chief?”
“Nothing on IR.” Kendra picked up on the unspoken hesitation.
“But?”
“I’ve got a bad feeling about this.” Stone sent an image to everyone’s padds. “Right there, in the cliff face? D’ye see that cave?”
“Yeah, looks the same as it always does.” The cave Stone referenced was about twenty meters up and half a klick behind the house. Scraggly trees and brush grew all along the cliff face, providing good hand- and footholds for anyone out for a climb. Kendra was familiar with it, having scaled the face numerous times to keep in practice.
“Exactly. You can’t see inside the cave from the ground, but there’s a line of sight right to the house and the grounds.”
“Ah, I see what you mean,” said Kendra. She shook her head. “Damn. Totally missed that. You’re right. That’s the perfect spot for a hide.”
“Aye. No good way in from above or below, not without making noise. Too much brush to rappel.”
“No, you have to take it slow,” Kendra said, remembering her experiences. “Drone strike?”
“Sure, if we had a drone.”
Alycia spoke up. “Is there any way to the top of the ridge other than the cliff face?”
“Oh, sure, there’s a walking trail that comes down to the street about three klicks further on. Why?”
“What do you think a couple kilos of Octol would do if it were set off above the entrance?”
Kendra studied the image again. The cliff face rose another thirty meters or so above the cave.
“I think it would probably ruin their day. If we climbed down a few meters and made a channel with some more Octol, set it off in sequence from the bottom to the top, I’ll bet we could guide it into their laps.”
“That’s one nest of vipers sorted,” said Stone. “Alycia, you and a partner are on it. Move out.” She waited until the agent left the transport. ”If my primary observation team was in that cave, I’d have a backup team about here.” Stone highlighted another location, further away.
“That’s an old cistern,” said Cass. “Used to hold, oh, a couple million liters. Supplied the neighborhood with water when the wells ran dry. I don’t think it’s been used since the climate shift brought more rain to the area twenty, twenty-five years ago.”
“I’m sure you’re right,” agreed Kendra. “Kids use it for a make-out spot.”
“It’s tall enough to see your house,” said Stone. “That’s all that counts. Mac, do you have eyes on the cistern?”
“Let me see, I’ll bet the county still watches over it, you know governments, even if they’re not using something they want to know that it’s still there, and I’ll bet that’s it, and let me just try to zoom in there, and oh crud you’re right Chief, looks like a four-man team up there, one has eyes on the house, one backing him up, and the other two aren’t doing anything, they might be rotating watches, that would make sense, I’ll bet it’s been boring up there, wonder how long they’ve –”
Stone was adjusting to Mac and cut her off without a second thought. “I’d wager any amount both they and the cave are in contact with at least one team of heavies, maybe more. Dr. Mantchev, are you in HLC’s systems?”
“Yes,” answered Lisa.
“Can you call up a list of all HLC vehicles for Los Alamos and the Houston HQ?”
“No problem, why?”
Stone ignored the question. “When you have it, shoot it over to McAllister. McAllister, compare the list of vehicles to any that the local systems have noticed.”
“On it,” said Mac.
“HLC doesn’t really go for this sort of thing,” answered Stone belatedly. “They’re probably going to think they’ll be less conspicuous if they stay in-house for as much of their equipment as possible.”
“A real pro would rent, or more likely steal, locally,” added Kendra, nodding. “It’s a tool, and you don’t have to take it with you when you’re done.”
“Okay,” broke in Mac, “I’ve got the list, and so far I’ve gotten about eighty hits, do you really think they’ve brought that many people, that’s way too many for us to handle, what are we gonna do?”
Stone sighed. “Did you filter out for anyone who lives locally?”
“Oh,” said a chagrined Mac. A moment later, she said, “Four vehicles.”
“Find ‘em,” ordered Stone. It took several minutes, but eventually, Mac reported all four had been tracked down.
“Three are together, about fifteen klicks away, parked at a hotel, the other one has been on the move but hasn’t been any closer to the house than a klick, but no farther away than six, I’ve sent the makes and specs to everyone, the best speed for the rover to arrive at the house would be about four minutes and about ten minutes for the parked ones, plus whatever reaction time to get their team loaded in.”
“Montana? Did we bring anything to jam the EM frequencies?”
“We have a broadband jammer, but it’ll knock out everything, including our own systems.”
“That’s no bloody good,” muttered Stone.
“What about a focused EM pulse?” said a voice.
“Identify yourself when you join the net!” snapped Stone.
“Sorry. This is Anders. If we use a focused EM pulse, we should knock out their equipment without impacting ours.”
“Should do,” agreed Kendra. “Do you happen to have a pulse emitter about your person?”
“No, but I could modify a pulse rifle to fire an EM packet.”
There was an uncomfortable moment as Montana looked at Stone. “As far as I know, you’re the only person with a pulse rifle.”
Stone sighed. 
“Fine.” She unslung the weapon and handed it to Montana. “But Anders, I want it back the way it was afterward!” she barked.
“Yes, ma’am!” answered Anders. “On my way to your location.”
“How long will it take to modify?”
“Maybe fifteen minutes, with a little help. Elle is with me. I know she’s good with her hands.”
“So,” mused Montana. “First, we knock out the lookouts on the cistern, then drop the rocks over the cave. How often do you think they check in?”
“If I were in charge? I’d have an open circuit, but I’m paranoid,” admitted Stone. “SOP in the Teams was no less than every hour, more frequently in an unstable situation. My guess is these bozos are on an hourly schedule. No, it’s been two weeks, right?”
Kendra nodded.
“They’re probably relaxing standards since nothing’s happened. People get comfortable and bored. Then, it’s probably –”
“I’ve got movement!” called Mac. “The parked units, they just unassed in a hurry and headed out.”
“No time for subtle,” said Stone. “Alycia, forget the Octol. I need you in position on top of the ridge, your sights on the cistern.”
“Roger,” came the terse reply. “Thirty seconds.”
“Montana, I need an old-fashioned rocket.”
“Would you settle for a fifty-millimeter rocket-propelled grenade launcher?”
“Oh, come to mama,” crooned Stone. Montana stepped out of the transport and started preparing the RPG. “Michael, you and your team move on the house. I want them distracted. Make some noise, be really visible.”
“We’re moving,” he replied, and he, Cera, and Celsey trotted out from the trees towards the house.
“In position,” commed Alycia.
“Do you have a good line on the cistern?”
“Not bad. There’s some foliage but no major obstructions.”
“Take ‘em out,” ordered Stone.
Alycia and Bruce opened fire. They were at the edge of effective range, and many of their rounds were off-target, but a lucky shot took out one man on top of the cistern. The other observer jumped down, landed badly, and lay still. The second pair, while moving quickly, was less precipitous in their descent and made it down intact. One rushed to the fallen observer.
“Keep harassing them,” said Stone. “I need distracted.”
“On it,” replied Alycia. They continued sporadic fire.
“Montana? The cave, if you please.”
Montana raised the RPG launcher. “Clear exhaust zone!”
“All clear!” answered Kendra.
Montana took careful aim at the dark cave entrance, stark against the bright cliff face.
“Targeting…targeting…I’ve got tone. Fire in the hole!” Montana triggered the grenade. With a sudden whoosh, the small projectile launched, trailing a faint line of smoke. A fractional second later, the unguided RPG impacted the roof a meter inside the cave entrance. A gout of flame and rubble flew from the explosion. Montana climbed back into the transport.
“Knock, knock,” said Kendra. “Avon calling.”
“Knock it off,” Stone griped. “McAllister, do you have the rover’s location?”
“I’ve been scanning the traffic cameras, actually I have the computer checking, it wasn’t tough once I knew what –”
“Yes or No, Agent!”
“Yes, the rover is heading for the house, should be there in about a minute and forty seconds.”
“Time to haul arse,” said Stone, shifting into gear and squealing into a tight turn. “We need to be there before they arrive. Otherwise, this was all for nothing! All teams except Alycia converge on the house, double-time!”
They covered the distance in seconds. Montana and Kendra burst from the transport before it entirely stopped, and Stone only lingered long enough to grab her pulse rifle before joining them. She joined them behind a stand of trees.
“Kendra, this is your home turf. Where do you need us?”
Kendra took the lead naturally. “Cris, you take Michael’s team on the left. There’s an outbuilding you can use for cover. Master Chief, I want you, Bruce, Anders, and Elle on the right. No building, but there’s a retaining wall. Aiyana, tell SARAH to shut down her alarms. We’re headed in. Sanzari, you’re with me. Alycia, Jesse, keep harassing those bastards, keep ‘em off our backs. Move like you have a purpose!”
Kendra sprinted up the walk without waiting for a response and palmed open the door.
“Hello Ms. Foster-Briggs, it’s nice to have you home,” came the slightly raspy voice of SARAH. “Will Dr. Cassidy be home soon?”
“Not now, SARAH,” muttered Kendra, heading for the bedroom. “Sanzari, picture window, keep an eye on the front. I have a few toys put away for a rainy day, but it’ll take me a minute to get them out.”
“Got it, boss,” answered Sanzari, positioning herself to see clearly. “Don’t dally.”
“Not a chance,” said Kendra. “SARAH, security override 1, 1-A, 2-B.”
“Confirm override.”
“Authorization Kendra, Zero, Zero, Zero.”
“Authorization accepted. Security measures activated. Access to magazine granted. Does this mean we’re having uninvited guests?”
“Yes, SARAH,” said Kendra, charging through their bedroom and diving into the closet. She pushed hard on the wall at the back, and a concealed door sprang open, revealing her weapons stash. Kendra only paused a bare instant before grabbing a pulse rifle, a pair of holstered pistols, a bandolier loaded with energy packs, and a bulging ruck.
“Mac, where are the other transports?”
“Still on the way, maybe five minutes.”
“Sanzari! The rover arrive?”
“Not yet,” called Sanzari.
“Cris, Chief, if you want anything heavy, send someone inside. I’ve got some toys, and I don’t mind sharing.”
“Michael’s coming.”
“Bruce is – cancel that, the rover just pulled up.”
The enemy’s vehicle shuddered to a stop behind Stone’s transport. Doors opened, and a half-dozen armed men poured out.
“Hold fire until they’re all clear,” ordered Stone.
“Mac, I need you to slow the others down. What can you do?”
“Do? I don’t know if there’s anything I can do, I’m sitting here in a computer lab, oh, yeah, right, a computer lab, and I’m tapped into the city network, I can do is play with the traffic lights, they’re not going to risk running red lights, not in a town like this with so many security-conscious people, but that’s not going to do it all, I’m going to drop their identifications into the police database and send a citizen’s report with their location, maybe they’ll react fast enough to pull them over before they get to you.” Mac’s voice trailed off, but the tap-tap-tap of her fingers on the keyboard could be heard.
“Anything you can do,” agreed Kendra when she could get a word in. She dropped down next to Sanzari.
“Nice,” said Sanzari enviously as Kendra unslung the pulse rifle. “Got another one?”
“No, sorry,” said Kendra, scanning the front through the sights. “But if it comes to it, there are some goodies tucked away in the pack. How about an octol grenade or two?”
“You play dirty,” admired Sanzari.
“If you ain’t cheating, you ain’t trying hard enough.”
“Fifty meters,” said Stone.
“Does anyone have a clear shot?” commed Kendra.
“We have three of them coming in stupid,” said Montana. “Standard tactical formation, but they don’t know crap about cover.”
“Master Chief?”
“Nothing good, but I think we can keep ‘em honest.”
“Do it.”
A sudden fusillade of mixed fire from the left side – flechette and HE darts – erupted. The three presumptive HLC heavies fell without even raising their weapons. Their counterparts on the right, noting the fire, pivoted. This exposed their silhouettes to Stone’s team. It seemed they were all toting energy weapons, like the Master Chief’s pulse rifle. Nothing visible gave away their murderous assault, only the sudden eruption of mortal wounds on the would-be invaders. 
The entire engagement took less than three seconds.
“Cease fire!” called Kendra. “Chief?”
“We’re on it,” answered Stone. Whatever orders she gave couldn’t be heard, but presently her people were moving out, weapons ready, checking their targets. Montana’s team did the same on the left.
“No survivors,” said Stone.
“None here either. Fish in a barrel,” commented Montana.
“Clean it up. Maybe we can suck the others in.” Kendra turned her attention away from the front. “Alycia, report.”
“They haven’t moved. Something about not exposing themselves to fire?” she reported. “The one who jumped is down for the count. The other two are doing their best to stay out of sight, but we’ve enough of an angle we can see the whole cistern. They can’t hide. We just can’t hit them.”
“Mac? How goes the delay?”
“They’re hitting every red light, the police have been alerted and have dispatched three cruisers to deal with a report of drug runners. Oh, wait, they’ve been spotted, I can see through the police onboard cameras, yeah, the transports are pulling over, looks like they’re trying to avoid trouble.”
“That’s them done for a while,” said Stone. “Even if they get the whole “drug runner” bit cleared up. I’d give you a stack of dollars as tall as I am that they aren’t licensed in Sonora for the gear they’re carrying.”
Kendra exhaled for the first time in what seemed like hours. “SARAH, stand down security alert. Authorization Kendra 1, 1-A, abort.”
“Case Omega canceled.” 
“Chief, I need you to take care of those stragglers.”
“Right-o. Come on, you lot. No time for rest yet.” Stone and her team trotted off to the vehicle.
Kendra considered the next steps. “Cris, get their transport, drive it behind the house. Then we will have to police the bodies and get them under cover. Time to clean up.” She paused. “Mac, how’s it going?”
“Oh, they screwed the pooch, I think they have half the police in the county surrounding them, something about unauthorized weapons, I don’t think they’re going anywhere but to the station.”
“Okay, wrap it up. Cass, time to come home.”
“You have no idea how long I’ve waited to hear that!”
“We’re not out of the woods yet, but we should have some breathing room. See you in a bit. Out.” Kendra stood and stretched, allowing the adrenaline to subside. “SARAH, how much freezer space do we have?”

Chapter 18: A Little South of Sanity
“
You what?” blasted the voice.
Kaine held the receiver away from his ear.
“There’s no way we could have expected them to find the tracker. It was the smallest, longest-ranged device that Talbott’s people could supply, and they installed it at the border, just like we planned.”
“If everything went like clockwork, then, how did they get away? Answer me that.” The question was growled, and Kaine adopted an unusually submissive tone.
“Again, sir, we just don’t know. My operatives said they thought they’d been ID’d on the road because they were in an area with little traffic. Any vehicle was going to be suspicious.” Kaine didn’t mention the shouting he had done when he learned about their foolish insistence on pacing the Bugatti no matter the speed. Some things were better unsaid.
“And?”
“Sir. They decided it would be better to trail from further back, out of the line of sight. The tracker had the range.”
“That explains how they could mistake a Bugatti for the piece of crap they followed to Denver.” The voice was resigned. “Maybe it wasn’t their fault after all. But it’s still your responsibility, Kaine. How are you going to unscrew this pooch?”
“We know where they had to make the switch. If Cassidy was heading into the United States, she would have continued north, like their mule. The road they were on leads to Taos –”
“Which eventually gets you to Los Alamos and their home,” completed the voice.
“Exactly what I was thinking, sir. She ran home like a scared child.”
“Let’s get one thing straight, Kaine.” Now the voice was full of menace, which had been lacking until now. “Whatever Aiyana Cassidy and Kendra Foster-Briggs are, it is not scared children. They have dealt with every challenge and obstacle that you and Talbott could throw at them. I have no reason to think they’re done kicking ass. Do you?”
Kaine gritted his teeth. “Well, no, sir, when you put it like that, I don’t.”
“Good. Go ahead. What’s the rest of your brilliant plan?”
“We have a substantial force watching their house. The observation points are set up in layers, and we have multiple mobile units. What I suggest is we let them get home, see who else shows up, then drop the bag on them before they can go anywhere else.”
“Not bad, Kaine.”
“Thank you, sir.” Kaine relished the unusual praise.
“For an unimaginative sadist. I think it’s time I took a more active hand in this before you make it worse, though I don’t know how that’s possible.”
Kaine didn’t growl at the voice. After all, you don’t talk back to the owner of the company if you want to remain employed, no matter how provoked. “Yes, sir. What are you going to do?”
“First…”

Chapter 19: I Hear You Knocking

Half an hour later, the team regrouped inside the house.
Mac was monitoring the ongoing police situation with the HLC thugs. From what she could follow, it seemed one or two may have gotten a bit mouthy with the police. They’d earned themselves some “corrective instruction” in proper behavior, after which they were taken away in an ambulance. The rest were sequestered and brought to the station for questioning without further incident.
Stone’s team coordinated with Alycia and Jesse to capture the surviving observers without much difficulty. The more challenging task was dragging the bodies back to join the others in the rapidly-filling freezer.
Montana had taken on the horrible job of stripping and searching the bodies. To her surprise and disgust, she’d found wallets and IDs on all the bodies. 
“Looks like proper ID, too,” she muttered. “Complete fuckin’ amateurs.” 
“Out playing soldier-boy,” scoffed Stone.
“Mac, I’m going to need you to run these,” said Montana, holding out the collected documents. “They look real, but you’ll be able to tell better than me.”
“No problem, I can do that, just could you maybe wipe the blood off them, because eww.”
“Yeah, yeah,” laughed Montana. “I forget you’re not usually in the field.”
In the kitchen, Cass and Kendra were arguing.
“No way!” snapped Aiyana.
“I’m not doing it!” Kendra answered.
“Neither am I!”
“I didn’t want cream for my coffee. You did, so you open the fridge!” Cass crossed her arms over her chest and braced.
Lisa walked in and looked at them. “I never thought I’d see the day. What on Earth are you two arguing about?”
Cass glared at Kendra. “The day before our wedding –”
“Our scheduled wedding,” interrupted Kendra.
“Fine. Our scheduled wedding. The day before, Kendra made egg salad for sandwiches.”
“So?” asked Lisa.
“She didn’t use it all.”
Kendra rolled her eyes. “I never use it all! It’s better a couple days later when all the flavors have had time to –”
“Whatever, the point is, there was egg salad in there when we left for the chapel.”
Lisa couldn’t help it; she started to smile.
“It’s still in there now.”
Lisa’s smile broadened, and was that a giggle?
“Now she wants cream for her coffee, and she asked me to get it, and there’s no way this side of hell I’m going to open that refrigerator door!”
Lisa’s giggles turned into a full-blown laugh.
“What’s so damn funny?” demanded Cass.
When she could speak, Lisa said, “Only you could do all the things you’ve done, face down murderous thugs, and still get into a fight about rotten eggs!”
That broke the tension. In seconds, both Cass and Kendra, realizing the ridiculousness of the situation, had joined Lisa. The three friends held each other up, laughing until finally sputtering out.
Still chuckling, Kendra said, “I think. I think I’ll just take it black.”
“SARAH,” said Cass. “Locate the egg salad in the fridge and purge it.”
“I did that ten days ago,” answered the house matter-of-factly. “I detected hydrogen sulfide, tracked the source, and removed it. I’m sorry I wasn’t able to save the container, but I thought it best to be sure.”
“Oh,” was all Cass could say.
“I would like to know when you plan to remove the bodies from my freezer,” continued SARAH in a hurt tone. “There’s no room for any groceries, and I know you’re going to be ordering more now you’re home.”
At the computer’s plaintive request, they lost it again.
“What’s all this?” said Stone, entering the kitchen to find three red-faced, gasping women, clutching each other for support.
“Never – get a – smart – house,” managed Kendra. “They’re – always – complaining.” With that she gave it up, dropping to the floor.
“I resent that remark,” sniffed SARAH.
Eventually, they recovered enough to meet with Montana and Mac.
“I’ve got roaming patrols, three pairs of agents, covering the house,” started Stone. “We don’t have enough people to keep up for long, though.”
“That’s easy,” said Cass. “SARAH has fully automated security features. We use them every night. There are cougars and bears in this area, and we didn’t want any surprises. We have motion coverage out to five hundred meters and active suppression at fifty.”
Stone looked thoughtful. “That would be helpful, but will my lads and lassies be able to patrol?”
“As long as we identify them to SARAH, yes. She’ll filter them out of her scans.”
“That will help,” said Stone. “We shouldn’t relax, and I don’t think we should plan to be here long.”
“No,” agreed Kendra. “We still have to deal with Talbott.”
“And Kaine,” added Cass darkly.
“And whoever put the contract out on you two, you know, the person that Kaine is reporting to, he’s not talking about this job to the Director of Security at HLC, at least no official reports, I’ve been digging and digging into his files, there’s absolutely nothing between him and Talbott until she reached out to him about a month ago, and we know from her files that she didn’t initiate this job, it came from somewhere else, but I haven’t been able to isolate who yet, it’s got to be in the records at OutLook somewhere, I just haven’t found it yet, but I will don’t you worry.”
“One problem at a time,” said Stone. “Right now, we have these eager lads from HLC who like to make unannounced visits. We need to put a stop to that first.”
“Agreed,” said Montana. “All the bodies had IDs that put them as part of Kaine’s security force, legit HLC employees. Plus, don’t forget, we have those other two on ice in the basement.”
“You know, I forgot all about them,” admitted Cass, “Do you think they’ll know anything useful?”
Cris looked thoughtful. “We won’t know until they talk. Right now, they’re tied up separately, isolated. I don’t have a background in interrogation. I mean, I know the basics, but that’s about it.”
“I was trained to resist it,” said Stone. “Not implement. Like you, I know the basic techniques.”
“That might be all we need,” said Kendra. “And I do know some advanced techniques.”
She looked at five pairs of astonished eyes. “What? Hello, former assassin, remember? It’s not like I was given an address and a schedule. I had to do most of my own research, so nobody else got involved. Keep the corporate hands as clean as possible, you know.”
“You’re going to do the interrogation?”
“I will,” Kendra agreed. “After we let them stew for a while longer. Mac, do you have any chatter from HLC or OutLook that gives us a clue how long we have before reinforcements show up? And how are our local heavies doing with the LAPD?”
“I haven’t had a chance to get into OutLook’s systems recently, not since we came here, and I want to say you have a lovely house, it feels so warm and homey but not too close, you know how that can happen when there’s too much stuff, you don’t have that problem, but you also aren’t living in a bare box, it’s just right.”
“Mac,” warned Montana.
“I was getting to it! The trailers that you and Cass sent North, they reported in to Kaine, he really tore strips out of their hides before ordering them back here but in the vehicle they have they won’t be here for a while yet, partly because I hacked into the database of the US CBP and put in their names, just like these dummies they’re traveling on their real IDs, so when they got to the border they were surprised to find that they were wanted for smuggling, I haven’t checked lately but I’ll bet they’re still there and screaming for lawyers, they’re not going to get here any time soon is what I’m trying to say, and as for the other goons, the local ones, they’re still in holding cells, well, the ones that aren’t in hospital, their transports were impounded, and did you know how much fun the LAPD CSI team had taking them apart looking for hidden weapons, I have no idea how they got that idea, but even if the operatives get released right now they’re not going to be coming here in those transports, they might be able to carry all the parts here in baskets but they sure as heck aren’t driving them, and when they were booked into the station I pulled their real names, hacked into the credit servers and shut down all of their accounts, so they can’t make bail or hire a vehicle or even buy a coffee.”
“Agent – Mac, that is truly spectacular work,” said Stone earnestly. “I think you’ve taken care of them as efficiently, no, more efficiently than I could have done with a full Team.”
Mac blushed right to the roots of her hair.
Kendra retook control. “Let’s get this back on track. We don’t have any immediate worries from HLC. Mac, you’ll get into OutLook and check for any agents Talbott might have sent this way, but they still have the problem of distance, right?”
Montana spoke up. “I don’t know where all the agents are stationed, but I do know we’re rarely in Sonora in any force. It will take Talbott a while to get a crew together, move them to a transit hub, and get them on their way here, even if she’s willing to support Kaine that openly.”
Kendra said, “I agree, Cris. Talbott might be a snake, and she might be willing to sacrifice an agent or two. Talbott’s unlikely to commit anything like the force Kaine’s already burned through, especially considering the dozen of you who’ve gone off the reservation. She doesn’t have much of a reserve to draw on. It’s not because of morals or anything like that, but because OutLook is still a business, and she’s the Director. She has to make a profit for the owners. Mac, you said Talbott’s already pocketed the money for this debacle?” Kendra waited for Mac’s nod. “Then there’s nothing positive to put in the books. Plus, dead agents are bad for morale.”
“I have a question,” said Lisa.
“Yes?” replied Stone.
“When can I go home?”
Stone and Montana shared a look, then Cass spoke up.
“Lisa. Look at me.” The scientist turned to face her. “Until we get this finished, and I mean all the way, I don’t think you can go home.”
“But you can stay here as long as you want,” added Kendra quickly. “We have plenty of room, and we’d love to have you.”
Stone added her weight to the conversation. “They’re right. We don’t have enough people to ensure your safety if you leave here.”
“We’ve gone through way too much shit to lose you now,” said Cass. “Besides, we need you with us to help Mac with the HLC hacks.”
“I know all that,” agreed Lisa. “It needed to be said.”
“I promise we’ll get you home as soon as we can,” said Kendra.
“We both do,” chimed in Cass.
“All of us,” said Stone.
“Aww,” contributed Mac.
“Master Chief, this is Bruce,” announced the comm. “We have someone approaching.”
“Intercept,” ordered Stone, all business again. “Team One, Team Three, move to support.” She was already moving towards the front, Montana a few paces behind.
“Cover Cass and Mantchev!” called Stone over her shoulder to Mac and Kendra. 
“You know how to use one of these?” asked Kendra, holding out one of her pistols. Behind her, Cass and Lisa were turning the table on its side to serve as a makeshift barricade.
“Point and shoot,” replied Mac, taking the weapon and expertly checking the magazine. “I qualify high expert on most of the pistols we have in inventory, it’s always been a good way for me to unwind, and –”
“Yeah, yeah, Mac, good for you, now watch that door, I’ll take the other.”
Cass had drawn the flechette gun she’d been carrying and was crouched with Mantchev behind the table. “Stay down,” she advised. “That’s what I’m going to do.”
“We’ve got him,” said Bruce’s voice. “No resistance.”
“Bring him in,” ordered Stone.
“On our way,” replied Bruce.
“Kendra!” called Montana. “Come out here!”
Kendra walked to the front, pistol still at the ready.
“Take a look. Do you recognize him?”
Kendra peeked through the window at the man being closely escorted up the walk, and her jaw dropped.
“By Zeus’s brass balls! That’s Derek!”

Chapter 20: But You Can’t Come In

“What’s a Derek?” asked Stone, still monitoring the approach.
“Did you say Derek?” asked Cass, hearing the name and poking her head above the table.
“Derek was, is, our fiancé,” answered Kendra, staring out the window. “We lost track of him when we fled Los Alamos,” she added.
“Then what is he doing here?” wondered Montana.
“All of you, snap out of it!” barked Stone. “Until we get this sorted, we treat this like professionals! Do you understand me?”
Kendra pulled herself together. “I understand. Cass,” she shouted back. “Stay there for now.”
“But –”
“No buts. The Chief’s right.”
“Enough chatter,” ground out Stone. “Game faces.”
The door opened. Bruce walked in, followed by Derek and Michael.
“Stop. Who are you?” ordered Stone.
“I should be asking you!” snapped Derek back. “This is my home!”
“That doesn’t answer me,” said Stone. “And unless you want to end up in a world of pain, you’re going to drop the attitude right now.”
“SARAH, call the police,” said Derek instead.
“Stop it, both of you!” said Kendra, breaking into the exchange.
“Kendra?” Derek asked, turning to her voice.
“It’s me,” said Kendra. She’d managed to compartmentalize him over the past few days, but all the emotions flooded back now. 
“Oh, this is bollocks,” said Stone. “Bruce, Michael, watch him. Them,” she added as Kendra came across and wrapped him in a hug and started to smother him with kisses.
“How did you –” she started when she came up for air.
“Derek!” exclaimed Cass, abandoning the shelter.
“Cass?” Derek gently pushed one of Kendra’s arms away so he could open his arms for Aiyana. She entered his embrace, then the three were together, a tangle of arms and bodies and mumbled affections.
“What a balls-up,” muttered Stone. “Isn’t anyone wondering how it happens that this Derek shows up here, now? Doesn’t that strike anyone as odd?”
Kendra stepped out of the embrace, regaining some of her professional composure.
“That’s a good question,” she admitted. “Derek? Talk to me. What happened? How is it you show up now? I know you haven’t been home.”
“I got out of the hospital earlier today, so I got a cab and came home,” said Derek in a matter-of-fact voice, still holding Aiyana. “What else was I going to do? This is my home, after all.”
“Which hospital were you in?” asked Stone. When he turned to look questioningly at her, she added, “Because I’m a suspicious bitch.” 
Stone stroked the barrel of her pulse rifle for emphasis.
“San Raphael,” replied Derek immediately. “Here, you want my discharge orders?” He disentangled an arm enough to reach into a pocket. He froze when the pulse rifle was suddenly leveled at him. 
“Whoa, whoa, it’s just a phone,” he said, withdrawing his hand.
“Just tell me the name of your physician,” said Stone, the rifle not wavering a millimeter.
“Zimmerman,” said Derek.
“Mac?” called Stone. “I need you to contact a Doctor Zimmerman at San Raphael hospital, make sure that Mr. –”
“James,” supplied Cass. “Derek James.”
“- Derek James was under his care.”
“Okay, you want me to call or just check the records, I can do that no problem, hospitals think they have good security, but –”
“Agent. Less talk with me, more talk with them. Cass, you want to tell me who this is?”
Aiyana looked up from resting her head on Derek’s shoulder. “This? Like Kendra said, he’s our fiancé. He’s, that is, we were going to marry him, all of us, when it all went to hell.”
“Derek, why weren’t you with them when you ran?”
“You know this,” said Cass.
“Aiyana?”
“Chief?”
“Shut it,” said Stone. “I want to hear it from him.”
Derek’s handsome face twisted in frustration. “Who are you, and what gives you the right to interrogate me?”
“Derek –” started Kendra, but Stone interrupted.
“Not that it’s any of your damn business, boyo, seeing as how I’m the one holding a pulse rifle that could put a hole in you big enough to pass a roast through, but for your information, I am Master Chief Mikki Stone, SEAL. Now, do you want to talk, or does Ripley get to feed?” She gestured with the rifle.
Bluster deflated, Derek answered. “I was with them, right up to the tube station. They – they – I can’t believe it, but they killed a couple guys Kendra said were following us, and that’s about all I remember. I woke up in the hospital a few days ago. I was told I suffered from shock. That’s it, that’s all I’ve got, so if you’re going to shoot me, go ahead.” His bravado came back for the last line, and Cass clutched him tighter.
Stone called over her shoulder. “Mac? Did you get hold of Zimmerman yet?”
“No, not yet, I’m still on hold, but I’ve checked their records, it wasn’t hard, I didn’t think it would be, and what he said checks out, everything’s in there, from being brought in by the LAPD to the evaluation to him being released today, but like I said I’m still on hold, I’ll let you know as soon as I talk to a human being.”
Stone relaxed millimetrically. “So far, so good, Mr. James.”
“Good, now maybe you can tell me just what the fuck you’re doing in my house?” Aiyana tried to calm him, but his mad was up. She turned to her wife.
“Kendra?”
“Come on,” said Kendra. “Let’s go into the bar.”
“The bar? Why?” asked Derek, but Cass was already guiding him.
“I’ve got to tell you the most important thing you’ve ever heard, I’ve got to tell you now, and you’re going to need a very stiff drink.”
“At lunchtime?”
“Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so. Come on, I need a drink.”

Chapter 21: It’s Not You

“You’re shitting me,” said Derek, forty minutes and two full tumblers of whiskey later.
“Nope,” said Cass. She was still holding his hand and standing close, nursing a much weaker drink. “Not a word of it.”
“That’s the wildest story I’ve ever heard.”
“Right?” agreed Kendra. She stood nearby. “I can’t believe half of it and I’ve lived it.”
Derek took another drink. “And this crew that’s following you, they’re, what, all volunteers?”
“Amazing, eh?” said Cass. “Mac and Montana recruited them all, well, except the Chief. She’s a friend of Lisa’s.”
Derek shook his head. “I never would have believed it possible.” His voice changed from wondering to a more challenging tone. “Cass, is this the same project we talked about that once? Why didn’t you tell me it was so important? Were you going to say anything else about it?”
“Sooner or later,” she confessed. “It was something I was playing with. I didn’t really think much of it until, well, until all this happened.”
“What’s next?” asked Derek, setting the glass down.
Kendra and Cass looked at each other. Aiyana raised one eyebrow in silent question, and Kendra nodded, smiling slightly. I love you, Kendra mouthed.
I know, Cass mouthed back. “We get married,” announced Aiyana.
“What?” said Derek.
She turned him to face her. “Married. That’s what we were going to do, right? When all this started?”
“Well, yes, but things have changed,” said Derek, flustered. “Haven’t they?”
“Have they?” countered Cass. 
“Of course they have!” he said. “You left me behind, you got married, and then there’s all this death and running and, holy shit, Aiyana. Nothing is the same!”
Aiyana shook her head. “Yes, we got married. So what? We can marry you as easily as marrying at the same time,” she continued.
“And don’t blame Aiyana for the terminal,” Kendra added, walking up and taking Cass’s hand. “That was my call. She wanted to wait, to try to drag you along. I wouldn’t allow it because all of my instincts were screaming, Get out!. Be pissed at me, not her,” she finished.
“Derek, we didn’t know when, or if, we’d be able to get back to get you. I married Kendra because she was the only rock I could cling to when my world fell apart. Now we have you back. We’re not going to lose you again.”
“You want to get married,” repeated Derek, stunned.
“Yes,” insisted Kendra.
Still trying to catch up, Derek said, “Look, it’s not that I don’t want to, but how? This place is an armed camp. You say we can’t go anywhere on our real ID because both of your companies are out to get you, and, oh yeah, Kendra, when were you planning to tell me you were some sort of killer for hire?”
“I’m not, that is, look, can we talk about this later? The point is, we still want to marry you, to be a family. Once we get everything figured out? Once all this is settled? Then we can do a big celebration with all our friends. But it’s important, Derek. It’s important to Aiyana.”
“And you, Kendra?”
She nodded. “And me. You’re good for us both. And, if you’re with us, then we can keep you safe. I can keep you both safe.”
Derek smiled at that. “That’s a switch from the stereotype, isn’t it? I thought it was my job to keep you safe.”
“Is that a yes?” prompted Cass.
He looked at her. “Is this what you want?”
“More than ever,” she said, reaching with her free hand for his.
Kendra took his other hand. “I want us all together.”
“Then I’m in,” said Derek. They came together for another hug.
“Oh, this is so beautiful,” chimed in SARAH.
“Not now, SARAH,” chorused all three. That broke the mood, though, and the hug dissolved. 
“Okay. I repeat, how?”
“I don’t know,” said Cass. “But I know who can find out,” she continued.
“Mac!” exclaimed Kendra.
“Exactly,” said Cass. “She can dig out anything from anywhere, I’m convinced of it. She’ll figure it out.” 
Aiyana led their way back to the center of the house, where they found Mac, the phone still pressed to one ear.
“Mac?” Cass whispered, not wanting to interrupt. Mac spun around.
“Can you believe it, it’s been almost an hour and they haven’t connected me yet, I don’t know how much longer I can wait, my ear is getting sore.”
“Is this still necessary?” Cass asked Stone. The Chief looked thoughtfully at Derek.
“Master Chief?” prompted Kendra.
“His story checked out in the records,” added Mac. She was clearly in the “let me hang up” camp.
“I suppose we can cut him some slack,” relented Stone.
“Thank you!” exclaimed Mac, disconnecting and immediately rubbing her ear.
“Mac, how can we get married?” asked Cass.
Mac blushed. “Married, you barely know me, I mean I’m flattered, but it’s really too soon, and you can’t be bored with Kendra yet, you just got married, what, two weeks ago, and isn’t it a bit, you know, awkward to ask in front of Derek?”
“No,” laughed Cass. “How can we –” 
She gestured to herself and Kendra. 
“Marry him?” She pointed to Derek.
“Without going to a clerk,” added Kendra. “Or a minister.”
“Oh,” said Mac, turning red again. 
“Gee, I totally got that wrong, didn’t I, but okay, you want to marry Derek but you want to do it here, or at least without any fuss, let me check it out and see what I can figure out, it’ll take me a minute,” and she retreated to her computer.
It didn’t take her long to find an answer.
“Okay, according to the local laws, all you really have to do to get married is to post it to the city clerk via a video email, with all three of you attesting to it, and you name each other beneficiaries, so there’s something on record, you can always file an amended will later, did you know Sonora’s the only place that requires a designation of a beneficiary when you marry, it was because there were too many people back in the twenty-first who got into huge court battles about wills and estates and stuff like that when multiple marriages were legalized, so Sonora made it a part of the marriage legalities, anyway, you didn’t need to know that, but I thought it was interesting and I pulled up the link for you, it’s a little different for a plural marriage, and you just have to click the button at the bottom of the screen and read what it prompts you.”
She stepped away from the computer. Aiyana, Kendra, and Derek crowded into view of the camera.
“Ready?” said Cass from Derek’s right.
“Ready,” agreed Derek.
“Let’s!” enthused Kendra.
With a deep inhalation, Aiyana clicked the button that said START. She read the dialog that scrolled across the monitor.
“I, Aiyana Cassidy Foster-Briggs, married to Kendra Marissa Cassidy, take Derek Delos James to be my mutual spouse on this date, and name him joint heir to my estate with Kendra Marissa Cassidy.”
Kendra then said, “I, Kendra Marissa Cassidy, married to Aiyana Cassidy Foster-Briggs, take Derek Delos James to be my mutual spouse on this date, and name him joint heir to my estate with Aiyana Cassidy Foster-Briggs.”
“I, Derek Delos James, take Aiyana Cassidy Foster-Briggs and Kendra Marissa Cassidy to be my mutual spouses on this date, and,” he stumbled, then regained his place. “And name them my joint heirs to my estate.” He grinned abashedly at them both.
“Ooh, this is my bit,” said Mac. “I, Amanda Harriet McAllister, swear as a witness to this marriage that to the best of my knowledge there are no legal impediments in the Sonoran Republic to the marriage of these parties and that they enter this contract in full knowledge of their actions and of their own free will.”
She hit the button, which now said STOP, and faced them. “Now all you have to do is enter your names and birthdays and Republic ID Numbers, then I enter mine and we send it in and it’s officially official, at least it will be once it’s processed, which only takes, like, seconds, because it’s all automated, and they’ll send the paperwork over eventually, I don’t know how long, and oh, look, you’ve already got it all typed in Kendra, I guess it’s me now.” 
She bent to the keyboard, fingers flying, and paused for just a moment.
“Last chance to back out,” she said, hovering over the SEND.
Derek looked at his wives. “Last chance,” he said.
In response, Kendra kissed one cheek, Aiyana the other. 
“We almost lost you,” Aiyana repeated. “Not again.”
“Do it,” he said. 
Mac hit the button.

Chapter 22: Uncomfortable

After a round of kisses, Kendra said, “That has to be the shortest honeymoon on record.”
“I, for one, demand more,” said Derek. His arms were around each of their waists and dipped lower.
“Later,” insisted Kendra. “If we have to didee-mao, we won’t get any warning.”
“She’s right,” supported Cass. “I’ve learned that minutes make a difference.”
“Fine, I’ll take a rain check. But no dumping me in a tube station,” said Derek.
“We didn’t dump you,” protested Cass. “We had no choice.”
“Hey, guys? This really isn’t the time,” interjected Kendra. “Why don’t we save the “don’t dump me again” conversation for after we figure out where we’re going next?”
“Fine,” grumbled Derek. “Wait. You don’t have a plan?”
“We were getting there,” said Stone, walking in. “Then you showed up.”
She stepped over to the table and readily righted it. “Patrols are out on rotation again. Let’s get back to work.”
Derek pulled a chair closer.
“And what do you think you’re doing?” Stone said chillingly.
“If this is about my wives and me, I’m entitled –”
“Wives?” said Stone, incredulous. “When did this happen?”
“About ten minutes ago,” answered Kendra. She had the decency to look sheepish. Not Aiyana, though.
“Bloody amateurs. Look, you say this is your fiancé – husband, now. Fine. But he doesn’t have the background, and we don’t have the time to bring him up to speed.”
“You mean all the shit you’ve dealt with? What do you think we were doing the last hour?” he asked. 
“I figured you were getting busy,” Stone said matter-of-factly. “It’s what I would have done.”
“No such luck,” Derek groused. “I got a kiss and a quick feel.”
“You got robbed.”
“Tell me about it. Chief, you’re not leaving me out of this. Whatever’s going on, I’m in it now, for better or worse.”
“He’s got a point,” said Montana, settling in. “And who knows? Maybe a fresh pair of ears will hear something we keep missing.”
“Fine, fine. Just don’t ask any stupid questions,” warned Stone.
“No, ma’am.”
Stone glowered, then turned to Kendra. “We were talking about interrogations.”
“Right.” She checked the clock. “They’ve been locked away for a good while now. They’re probably just about ready to talk if they’re the amateurs we think they are.”
Derek’s head whipped around. “Interrogation? Who?”
“I told you, no stupid questions,” Stone snarled. “I’ve got no problems duct taping your mouth shut.”
Cass reached out to touch Derek’s arm. “Later,” she whispered.
“Go ahead and get started,” Stone continued to Kendra. “The sooner we know what they know, the better we can plan.”
“I agree,” said Kendra, rising. “Back shortly. Oh, Cass?”
“Hmm?”
“Where did we put the soldering iron?”
“In my workshop, on the back bench,” Cass said, eyes widening. “You’re not going to use that on them, are you?”
“Naah, I won’t even touch ‘em. But it’ll add some drama.” She walked out, whistling.
“It’s all about the attitude going in,” explained Montana. “Part confidence, part ruthlessness, part casualness. She’s got it down,” she finished admiringly.
“I don’t think that she’s going to get anything useful from them,” said Stone.
“I don’t understand. Kendra’s going to go, what? Torture prisoners for information?” Montana nodded. “Why did you tell her to do it?” demanded Derek.
Stone fixed him with a look. “That’s almost a stupid question. Not quite, though, so I’ll answer it. If they don’t know anything, we’re no worse off than we are now. If they do, then it’s a bonus. We have to eliminate the possibility.”
“Ah,” said Derek, still uncomfortable with the idea of Kendra interrogating someone.
“We have two problems,” redirected Stone. “OutLook, and HLC. If you two, sorry, three, are ever going to have any peace, we’re going to have to take care of them both. Whether that means we shut them down or just do a little old-fashioned regime change, well, we’ll have to figure it out.”
She paused and waited for comments. When there were none, she continued.
“Our assets include two computer experts, two specialists in hurting people and breaking things, a retired assassin, a genius scientist, nine agents, and a whatever Derek is.”
“Hey!” Derek protested.
“No offense.” Stone pointedly turned to the others. “I’m not going to sugarcoat this. It doesn’t matter what we do. We are running uphill. We need to look at this very carefully because if we screw up, all we’re going to have are shallow graves. Montana, what did you say about OutLook in Sonora?”
Montana thought, trying to remember the thread of the earlier discussion. “It’s not a region we work in much. We probably have a half-dozen agents in Phoenix, maybe one or two others on assignment, and that’s about it. I’m sure Mac can get the numbers.”
“What about the headquarters? New Orleans, yes?”
“Yes. It depends. The fewest people I’ve ever known to be there is about fifty, and the most were just under two hundred. I’m not sure how many people actually work for OutLook, but I do know there are three hundred sixty-one active agents.”
Stone turned to Mantchev. “And HLC?”
“Los Alamos is a major research center,” said Lisa. “There are probably eight or nine hundred people working in the labs directly, and another five hundred support staff.”
“Any of which can be recruited by Kaine, even if as cannon fodder,” added Stone grimly. “How many other campuses do they have?”
“Geez, I don’t really know,” said Mantchev. “I’ve been here, Houston, San Francisco, and Tulsa.” She shrugged. “Public information will be easy enough to get. My backdoors might be able to get us into the hidden numbers. The problem is I didn’t plan on tapping into the personnel department. I’ll need Mac’s help.”
“Oh, yeah, I’ll help, no problem, and to answer Cris’s question about Sonora, we have those six in Phoenix, two on assignment in Tucson, one traveling to the Confederacy, and I checked on the Republic as well, we have four each in Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, and Oklahoma City, five roving teams of two, plus eight solo agents either on missions or transiting, that means there are thirty-four total, but they’re scattered all over, so sure, I can help Lisa, I left some doors open when we were working on the system last week, come on over here, we’ll get into it now.”
Stone waited while Mantchev switched places. “Montana, check me if you disagree, but this is what I’m thinking. One, we need to get out of here sooner than soon. We might have a day if that. Los Alamos is simply too hot for us to stay. Second, we need to deal with HLC first.”
“How do you figure that?” demanded Derek. “Look, I’m no spy or anything.”
“You’re bloody not,” Stone said, but Derek ignored the interruption.
“HLC is a huge company, it’s a multinational, hell, it has a presence in space! Montana even said OutLook is, what, a few hundred agents? Most of them out on assignments at any time, one way or another? Why take on the bigger foe?”
Montana answered. “There are a few reasons. First, while OutLook may have taken the contracts, HLC is the one that took them out. That means if we eliminate them, we eliminate the threat. OutLook, specifically Talbott, won’t care about Cass if there’s no money in it. She might have issues with Kendra, but Kendra’s going to have her own issues with Talbott, so I think we’ll just let those two sort it out. Second, there might be more bodies at HLC, but everyone at OutLook has at least basic training in the field, which means weapons, self-defense, and all the other nastiness that goes with it. At HLC, there are how many security people?” She turned to Mac.
“Um, I don’t know, give me a minute to look it up.”
“It doesn’t really matter,” said Montana, waving her off. “The point is that security is just part of what HLC does, and most of them are rent-a-cops, not properly trained. Just look at the jokers here.”
“Completely useless,” agreed Kendra as she walked in, collected a kiss from both Aiyana and Derek, and dropped into a chair.
“Done already?” asked Stone, surprised.
“The only thing those bozos knew was that they had been ordered by Kaine to do a job, and the job was to watch this house and apprehend anyone who tried to enter it.”
“How did you get the information so fast?” said an impressed Derek.
“It’s amazing what people will tell you when you’re holding a hot soldering iron. I told them I wouldn’t use it anywhere that would be visible to the public.” Kendra shook her head. “They couldn’t talk fast enough. Most of the squad they had were local yoyos from the Los Alamos campus. The only ones from Houston were the ones in the cave. Good shot, Cris, by the way. Those three? Snipers. According to the survivors, they were former Special Forces.”
“Green Beanies?” scoffed Stone. “No wonder they couldn’t pull the trigger.”
“It’s a little late for institutional rivalry,” chided Kendra. “They never had a chance. Anyways, the ones pulled over, and the bunch that actually tried to get in here, they were all locals.”
“Did they say anything about who they report to?”
“Yes, but it’s a dead end. Everything went through the trio in the cave and back to Kaine. The local security chief, someone named Alvarez, was cut out of the loop. He was told he was losing eighty percent of his force and that he needed to suck it up.” Kendra smiled. “Alvarez isn’t much liked by his people. The one who told me was pleased as punch to share that tidbit.”
“What have you done with them?” asked Cass. “According to SARAH, we don’t have enough freezer space left.”
“And have you ever tried to clean blood out of a carpet?” asked SARAH. “No, because you have me.”
“I haven’t done anything with them,” insisted Kendra. “I figure we’ll dump them somewhere on our way out of town.”
“Fair dues,” said Stone. “Did they say anything else useful?”
“Only to confirm there were only two groups. The ones we intercepted here, and the ones the LAPD took care of. They only check in twice a day, six and six, so we have a few hours before Kaine has any reason to get suspicious.” She looked around with a bright smile. “What did I miss?”
“Montana was explaining why we take on HLC,” Derek said.
“Makes sense.” She ignored Derek’s goggling eyes. “Cris, were you finished?”
“Not quite. Where was I?”
“Rent-a-cops,” prompted Mantchev.
“Yeah. Even if there are more people, the number of effective combat troops and those troops' effectiveness will be way lower at HLC. And my final point is actually related to the first. HLC took out the contracts, but we don’t know who did it. We know Kaine is the one who’s been tasked to execute them, but who he reports to is a mystery. That’s one question we absolutely have to clear up, no ifs, ands, or buts.”
“That’s easy,” chimed in Derek. “Look at the ownership.”
Heads swiveled.
“Explain,” said Stone.
“You say this Kaine isn’t reporting to his superior or anyone in his normal chain of command?”
“Not as far as we can tell,” agreed Kendra.
“Then the only person who’d have enough pull to get a Director –”
“Deputy Director,” corrected Stone.
“Deputy Director,” continued Derek. “An upper executive, okay? The only people who could do that outside the usual hierarchy are owners or someone on the Board. Find out who owns HLC, and you’ll have your man.”
Stone stared at him. “I will be dipped in shit,” she finally said. “That is bloody brilliant. Cass, Lisa, do you know who that might be?”
The two scientists exchanged a look.
“No clue,” admitted Cass. “Honestly, I’ve never much cared about the corporate structure. I just wanted to do my research and be left alone.”
Lisa nodded her head in agreement.
“If I didn’t know you both better, I’d accuse you of being ivory tower intellectuals,” complained Stone. “Mac, it looks like it’s up to you again.”
“Already looking,” said Mac, typing furiously.
“I’m going to add one more thing,” Stone said. “We have a dozen combat troops. Whether we take on two hundred or two thousand, if we get into a firefight, we’re well and truly fucked. So we have to hit the softest target possible, the one with the most opportunity to sneak in and out. You did it once, on the fly, to HLC. I’m betting we can do it again.”
“So do we go after Kaine and hope he rolls on his boss, or do we try to cut the snake’s head off?” asked Kendra.
“Kaine,” said Cass.
“Boss,” said Montana simultaneously.
“Cass. You first,” directed Stone.
“Kaine hates me. I don’t know why, but he does. If we don’t take him out, he’s going to keep after me.”
“Montana.”
“Kaine may hate you, but the owner wants you dead because of business. Take him out, and we can take out Kaine at our leisure.”
“Yes, but –” The discussion continued while Mac searched.
Finally, Stone interceded. “I think it has to come down to which one we can actually reach. Montana, you and Mac got yourselves into the HLC servers once. I think you can get to Kaine. Unless this mystery person is brain-dead on security, we might not have the opportunity.”
“It might have to be Kaine,” interjected Mac. “I can’t find anything about the owner yet, there are so many nesting trusts and blind alleys and holding companies, it’s an absolute nightmare, the structure is scattered across I don’t know how many different countries, and not just this continent, there’s European and Asian and Lunar holdings, frankly it looks like HLC is just part of a really immense financial web, we’re not talking billions of credits, we’re looking at trillions and HLC is just a tiny, tiny piece, but one thing I’ve noticed is that there seem to be, well, business relationships between many of the pieces, like HLC leases propulsion modules to TransLunar, but TransLunar is part of the same organization, you see what I mean?”
“Do you have a name or not?” said Stone.
“Not yet, Master Chief,” said Mac. “The closest I’ve come is the D.D. Harriman Trust, but that’s based in Geneva, and I’m having trouble getting through their firewall, I can do it, but I will need time, well, not me actually, it would take me the rest of my life to get through it manually, but my little pets are working the problem, so even if we have to move they’ll keep digging.”
“I think that settles it,” said Stone. “Back to Houston.”

Chapter 23: Leave It

The departure from Los Alamos was more carefully planned than their arrival.
After equipping their team from what she called “Bluebeard’s Closet,” Kendra reached out to Dick Evans again for weapons permits. He assured her they would all be scrupulously correct and pass any inspection that the Border Guards or Rangers could muster. Then, he demanded partial payment and got both Cass and Kendra to give him their combined stories.
Alivia, the most junior of the agents and the only one who was not violating orders by helping, utilized the OutLook network to officially check-in. She carefully probed for information in her routine report to the Duty Agent. No, nothing going on, no exciting assignments, no juicy gossip. All normal.
Mac and Lisa worked furiously on multiple computers. They reinfiltrated HLC’s servers and security protocols, created legitimate-seeming authorizations for the agents, and generally did what they could to smooth their imminent return to the lion’s den. Mac paid particular attention to Kaine’s personal systems, seeking to glean any nuggets she could. She expanded her search from his office to as much of his life as she could uncover: home, transport, communications, subscriptions, and on and on.
Cass, meanwhile, duplicated her work. She sent time-locked copies to numerous friends and colleagues at other companies or universities. The messages she sent were cryptic, but she chose carefully. The people who received the files would not only respect the confidentiality and not try to access them early but also know what could be done with her research when the documents were unlocked. She set the countdown to a month, figuring everything would be resolved one way or another by then.
The other agents took turns re-equipping, resting, and patrolling, orchestrated by Master Chief Stone. Unsurprisingly, there wasn’t a single grumble or complaint. Stone spent most of her time huddled with Montana, working up plans. They got on surprisingly well and spent most of the time poking holes in scenarios and crafting objections. Finally, they had a concept they felt confident in.
Derek spent most of the afternoon alone in his bedroom. Cass and Kendra were busy, and the others didn’t trust him enough to include him, so he explained he’d spend the time resting.
At five, all the leaders save Mac convened for a final check-in.
“Quick review,” began Stone. “Kaine will know that his bully boys have screwed up in an hour, ninety minutes at most, when they fail to make contact. We don’t know his reaction, other than fury, but he will react. With any luck, he’ll react stupidly, but we can’t rely on stupidity.”
“What’s your thought, then?” asked Cass.
Montana answered. “We believe he’ll dispatch the largest group of goons he can get his hands on from Houston, probably via private air rather than ground transport.”
“Makes sense,” concurred Cass.
“It will take a couple hours to organize, but we expect them on the ground in Los Alamos by ten tonight at the latest. He’ll strip the local offices bare and send them as auxiliaries. Mac’s research suggests that won’t be more than another dozen or so.”
“How many do you think he can pull from Houston?” inquired Kendra.
“One hundred twenty,” answered Stone with certainty. “That’s the entire security force from the Houston campus, plus an off-the-books team of thugs that he keeps to do his dirty work.”
“Holy Hera,” breathed Kendra. “And we have fourteen with Derek.”
“We’re not going to be here,” reminded Stone. “Montana?”
“We have valid travel permits, pre-cleared for crossing the border, for every agent. We won’t need the weapons permits you’ve gotten, Kendra, not until we’re on the ground in Houston, so we’ve sent them ahead with all the matching weaponry. Anything they’re still armed with stays here.”
“Cera won’t like that,” muttered Kendra.
“No, and neither do I,” said Stone, surprising her. “Montana pointed out we needed to be clean crossing into Texas. We absolutely cannot afford to get on the radar any more than is unavoidable.”
“I see it. Okay, so the fourteen of us get to Houston –”
“Twelve,” said Montana.
Kendra frowned, obviously counting heads. “Twelve? No, that’s not right. We have fourteen.”
“Derek’s not coming to Houston, not directly. And neither is Cass.”
“What?” yelled Kendra. “That’s bullshit!”
“Sit down and shut up!” barked Stone. When Kendra hesitated, she repeated it. “Sit. Down.”
Kendra sat.
“Now listen. We’ve been over this with Cass, and she’s on board with this.”
Kendra turned to Cass. “Is that true?”
“It makes sense,” said a miserable Cass. “Just listen.”
“Derek is a noncombatant,” said Stone. “This morning, you didn’t know he was alive. How do you expect him to go forth and do battle when he says he just got out of the hospital?”
“Derek makes sense,” Kendra admitted. “But Cass?”
“She was a challenge,” admitted Montana. “We know she can kick some serious ass when she has to. She’s also got decent computer skills. But she doesn’t have any training as an agent, nothing on infiltration, nothing on team tactics. Frankly, she’d be a liability in any small group operation.”
“Hey!” Cass heard it before, but it was worse in front of Kendra.
Montana shook her head. “Nothing personal. On the other hand, she’s the perfect escort for Derek.”
Kendra was cautious. “Go on.”
“First, she’s got those self-defense skills. That means she can take care of Derek if they run into problems, at least to some degree. She’s also driven your Bugatti, which puts her in an exclusive club, just her and Mac. We figured you don’t want to leave it behind again.”
“Wait, Mac? My Bugatti?” Kendra shook her head, trying to wrap her mind around Mac driving her beloved Veyron. “Oh, right. Can’t leave it here if we don’t know when we’ll be back.”
“Exactly. Or who will get here before us.”
“Then your plan is to have Cass and Derek drive where, exactly?”
“Houston,” said Stone. “About fourteen hundred kilometers.”
Kendra turned to Aiyana. “Are you sure you’re up to it? Good roads, but you’re going to be driving at night.” 
“I can do it,” Aiyana said. Maybe her confidence was bravado, but her eyes were firm and clear. 
“I’m not going to be there to pull any strings and get you cleared for any high-speed runs.”
“I wouldn’t want to do any at night,” replied Cass. “But we’ve already cleared a route to the Texas border. I’ll push her right to the unrestricted limit. That gets us into Texas well before dark, and I can more or less coast to Houston. Oh, I wanted to ask.”
“Hmm?”
“Do you have any systems to pick up patrols by their emissions? If you do, I can push it a little harder and arrive sooner.”
Kendra nodded. “She can pick up and analyze signals from surrounding vehicles, out to a couple klicks. I don’t usually use it, but it’s there. I’ll show you how to activate it.”
“That’ll help. Doing that, I may cut the total drive time down to about five hours.”
“Then what?” asked Kendra.
“Ah, well, you hadn’t let me finish,” said Stone. “The twelve of us leave here for the six o’clock tube to Houston. We’re there and out of the port by seven. We’ll pick up the weapons at a drop that your friend Evans arranged, and on to HLC.”
“Bang bang bang,” added Montana.
“Wait, wait. What about Lisa?” Kendra asked. “She’s less of a combatant than Cass!”
“True,” replied Mantchev. “And I don’t really want to do this. The problem is, to do this as fast as they have it planned, they need both Mac and me to work our magic on the computers in case our hacks get noticed.”
“She’s not going to be on the assault,” assured Stone. “You’re right. She knows less about combat than Cass.”
“We’re going to stash her in an OutLook safe house,” said Montana. “Celsey’s a little banged up, so she’s going to play bodyguard. That’s the rendezvous point, too. Alivia checked, and it’s sitting empty right now. She’s signed it out to herself as a transient agent, all proper.”
“Good thinking,” said Kendra.
Montana continued. “Lisa’s the geek support for the team heading to HLC. That’s you, the Chief, Sanzari, Bruce, Michael, and Jesse.”
“You’re splitting us up?”
“Security is going to be the next best thing to nil,” reminded Stone. “Getting a half-dozen of us in without incident will be challenging. We’ve stacked the deck in the servers, and we’re going to be wearing HLC uniforms. That should get us access to the security wing. From there, well, we need people who know how to break things.”
“And my team will be in reserve,” continued Montana. “Mac will be our support, but we’re going to be dressed as office workers instead of security. We ought to go pretty much unnoticed.”
“Even that late?” Kendra said.
“HLC has staff on-campus 24/7,” Aiyana said. “That goes double for Houston.”
“What if Kaine’s gone home?” Kendra asked.
“Then we divert,” answered Stone quickly. “Mac is monitoring him in real-time through the internal HLC network. If this goes down like we think it will, he’s not going to go anywhere until he’s gotten reports from the pack he sends here.” She shrugged. “Downside of being the asshole-in-charge.”
“Speaking of the pack,” said Montana. “We ought to wrap this up.”
“Right,” agreed Stone. “Questions? No? Let’s be about it, then.”

Chapter 24: Dr. Heckyl and Mr. Jive

“That was surprisingly easy,” admired Derek.
“I know,” agreed Cass. “I didn’t think we’d get through the border that quickly.”
“So, time to fess up,” Derek continued.
“Oh,” said Cass.
“Damn right. Did I complain when you bundled me into this ancient, petrol-powered heap? No. All I asked is that you tell me what was going on, and you said you wouldn’t until we were in Texas.” He gestured to the terrain speeding past. “We’re in Texas. Time to talk.”
“I don’t know –” started Cass.
“A deal’s a deal,” insisted Derek. “Talk.”
“I was going to say, I don’t know where to start,” Cass spat back. “It’s…complicated.”
“Then tell me the simple version, if there is one, and if I’m confused, I’ll ask questions.”
“I might not be able to answer them,” countered Cass.
“Fine, whatever. Just talk, okay?”
Ten minutes and forty kilometers later, she said, “And they’ll meet us tonight.”
“I wish you hadn’t taken my comm,” said Derek.
“Huh?” Cass was thrown off by the apparent non sequitur.
“Well, if Kendra is heading into HLC, I would have liked to give her a better goodbye than the one at the house.”
“I would have too,” agreed Cass.
“And you’re sure that there’s no comm in this car?”
Cass laughed. She hadn’t told Derek about the remarkable capabilities Kendra had fitted into the Veyron. Aiyana wasn’t sure why. Maybe because the car was Kendra’s, not hers, and she didn’t want to spoil the surprise. Or perhaps it was the disdain Derek tried to hide for the old car. In any case, he didn’t know most of the car’s abilities.
“No, no comm. I have the burner code, but we’ll have to pick up a burner of our own between here and Houston.”
“Why don’t we do that now?” asked Derek, reasonably. “You’ve been driving for a while, with just the one stop. Don’t you need a break?”
Cass considered it. She wasn’t used to driving, though the Bugatti was surprisingly easy to handle. And Derek, well, he was almost as bad as Kendra about waiting. This might be his way of helping. All these thoughts flashed through her mind.
“Maybe,” she finally agreed. “But we can’t take long.”
“No,” said Derek definitely. “We can’t.”
In a few kilometers, they pulled off and found a roadside shop that looked promising. “May as well fill up,” said Cass. “At these speeds, we only have about ninety minutes of fuel when we’re full.”
“I’ll take care of it,” offered Derek. “Show me how?”
Aiyana showed him the routine, Derek complaining, laughingly, about the smell of the hydrocarbons, then she stepped into the store. When she returned, he said, “My turn,” and went in as well.
She was waiting behind the wheel when he reappeared and walked over to her side.
“Hey,” she said. “Wrong side, goofy!”
“No,” he disagreed, reaching in to cup her neck. “It’s the right side.”
She leaned into his hand. “I’ve missed this.”
“Yes, I’m sure you have,” he replied.
She looked up at him, confused.
“Sorry, Cass.” His other hand moved quickly and pressed the injector into her neck. “But I can’t let you ruin everything I’ve worked for.”
“You…you…” Her eyes widened in shock.
“Off you go now.”
Aiyana’s vision went black.

Chapter 25: You Call Me a Bitch Like It’s a Bad Thing

Travel from Los Alamos to Houston was smooth and efficient, with no questions about their documentation. The weapons arrived ahead and were reacquired and distributed to their users. Singly and in pairs, they made their way to the HLC Headquarters campus. They entered the building with their seemingly-legitimate IDs. Mac and Lisa monitored the internal security and servers, waiting for even a hint of trouble, but instead received confirmation Kaine was indeed staying late at the office. By nine-thirty, all were in position.
Mac spoofed the cameras, Lisa cut off the internal alarms from her remote location, and Alycia triggered a jammer that blanketed the radio frequencies with static.
Stone burst into Kaine’s office wearing an HLC Security uniform with the rank of Lieutenant on the shoulders, Bruce and Michael at her heels.
“Can I help you?” said the young blonde. It was the same girl Aiyana had met, though Stone hadn’t the slightest idea. She was sitting at a desk before Kaine’s door, the guardian of the inner sanctum, and had continued to be bored. The nails of one hand were halfway redone.
“Is the Director in?” asked Stone.
“Yes, he is, Lieutenant, ah, I’m sorry, do I know you?”
“Lieutenant Rasczak, I’m from the Canberra campus on TDY.”
“Of course,” said the secretary. Stone could see the nameplate on her desk read Courtney. “I’ll announce you,” she continued.
“No time, this is urgent,” Stone said, moving quickly to the door. Bruce followed Stone while Michael faced Courtney.
“Ah’m sure that the Director won’t mind a bit,” he assured her. “Don’t y’all worry yourself about it.”
Kaine sat behind his desk, visibly angry and frustrated at the sudden breakdown of the systems.
“Who are you?” he barked.
“There’s a problem with the security systems,” Stone answered, telling the truth.
“No shit, dumbass,” retorted Kaine.
“We’re here to keep you safe,” added Bruce.
“Safe from what?”
“Sir, it’s actually fairly urgent that you come with us,” continued Stone. “There may be an attempt on your life.”
“Bullshit,” snapped Kaine. “What’s your source?”
“Sir, I’d rather not reveal that information,” said Stone, with a slight nod to the open door. “If you know what I mean?”
Kaine’s eyes flashed, and he nodded.
“I understand.” He reached below his desk, pulled up a carrier bag, and dropped his computer into it. “Ready.”
“Very good, sir,” said Stone, dripping deference. “Our transport is waiting.”
Bruce led out the door, followed by Stone, Kaine, and Michael.
“One moment,” said Kaine, stopping.
“Are you done for the night?” asked Courtney, half-standing.
“No,” said Kaine, reaching into his jacket. “But you are.”
The woman’s eyes widened as he pulled a compact pulse gun from his holster, aimed, and fired at her chest. Most of the left side of her chest, including her heart, vanished in an explosion of superheated flesh. Courtney’s body collapsed into her chair.
“I don’t deal well with traitors,” Kaine said blandly, tossing the exhausted pistol at Stone. She caught it in one gloved hand. “Charge that. You said you have transport?”
“Yes, sir,” answered Bruce. “If you’ll follow me?” 
He led the way out and down the corridor.
“Bloody ruthless bastard,” said Stone under her breath, dropping the pistol on the floor. “He’ll be a pleasure to eliminate.”
“Too right,” agreed Michael, equally quietly.
Stone pulled the door closed, ensuring it locked.
“Exiting,” subvocalized Stone. “Kendra to the transport. Monegain, Sanzari, meet us at junction AA-23 to escort.”
“Roger,” confirmed Kendra.
“On the way,” said Sanzari.
“Sir, won’t anyone ask questions about the body?” said Stone when she caught up with Kaine.
“No,” he answered brusquely. “I heard you close the door. Nobody goes in there when that door’s closed. I’ve made that completely clear to more than one stupid bastard who, well. Never mind why. I’ll deal with the mess in the morning.” He said the last as casually as if he’d spilled coffee on his desk.
The small group walked in silence until they met Sanzari and Monegain.
“Santos,” said Stone to Sanzari, using her appropriated name. “On point. Morgan, you’re tail-end Charlie.” Monegain nodded and held his position until everyone passed, then fell in behind.
The campus was large, and it took several minutes to walk to the exit Stone had planned. Kaine only commented once, asking why they weren’t going to the main entrance. Stone had explained the concerns and need to act unpredictably, at which point Kaine had returned to his comm. He walked blindly out the door and over to the transport, where Sanzari opened the side door for him.
With Michael and Bruce behind, Sanzari next to him, and Stone in the front passenger seat, he climbed in. Monegain stayed outside and closed the door. He would join Mac’s team and make his way out with them.
Kaine’s home was fifteen minutes to the East. When the vehicle headed West, he asked why.
“Unpredictability, sir,” repeated Stone.
“I hope you’re not going to go around the long way,” he muttered, then pulled out his computer and returned to work. He was oblivious to all for another twenty minutes until they pulled up at the OutLook safe house. The Bugatti was already there.
“Hey, this isn’t my house!” blurted Kaine, and he tried to bring his bag up.
“Ah ah ah,” scolded Sanzari, snatching it away.
“What the fuck are you playing at? And don’t give me that unpredictability shit.”
“Fine,” agreed Stone equably. “This is a kidnapping.” 
Bruce and Michael reached over to grab Kaine’s shoulders and pin him against the seat from behind.
“You can’t be serious!” snapped Kaine. “My security –”
“Is in Los Alamos, or heading there,” completed Stone, now leveling a nasty-looking flechette pistol at Kaine. “Sorry, Mr. Kaine. It was an inside job, but I’m afraid your secretary had nothing to do with it.”
Kendra turned around from the driver’s seat. 
“Aiyana sends her regards, asshole.” She was holding a small tube.
“You!” he sputtered. “You’re supposed to be –”
“Dead? Sold into slavery?” Her grin was cruel.
“Fuck you, bitch!” he spat.
“How cute,” said Kendra. “You call me a bitch like it’s a bad thing.” 
She turned to Stone. “May I?”
The Master Chief nodded. “Your privilege.”
“Nighty-night, Glenn,” said Kendra. She pressed the end of the tube. A single thwip! sounded, and a tiny dart embedded itself in Kaine’s chest. In seconds, he was out cold.
Stone took charge. 
“Let’s get this lump inside before anyone notices something weird.” She, Sanzari, Michael, and Bruce each took a limb of the unconscious Security Director and carried him up to the house. After grabbing his bag from Sanzari, Kendra went ahead, so she was the one who opened the door.
“Come on in,” said a voice from inside.  
“Derek?” said Kendra, walking in. “Where are you?”
“Just in the kitchen,” he replied. “Straight back.”
“Hold on,” Kendra answered. “There’s a few more of us, and we have a, uh, guest.”
“The more, the merrier! It’s a big kitchen. Everyone can fit.” Derek sounded ebullient, and Kendra wondered. 
Maybe he’s excited because they made good time?
By now, Stone and the others were through. Kendra closed the door.
“Derek’s here,” she said. “In the kitchen.”
Stone raised an eyebrow.
“How’d he get here before us?”
“I’m waiting,” called Derek, a hint of impatience in his voice. “You don’t want me to wait.”
“Why don’t you come out here?” Kendra replied.
“Oh, there’s something I need to keep an eye on. I couldn’t step away for a moment, sorry! There’s plenty for everyone, though, so why don’t you come back?”
Stone shrugged. “He’s your husband.”
Kendra led the way, opened the door, and stepped back to let the others through first.
“Oh, now isn’t that interesting,” she heard Derek say. “You brought a surprise. Why don’t you put that over at the table?”
Kendra followed. “Hi, Derek. I didn’t expect you to be here yet.”
Derek was standing with his back to them. It looked like he was stirring something on the cooktop. He turned, and Kendra was stunned to see that he was holding a sonic disruptor.
“Derek?” she said, confused.
“Put your weapons on the table, everyone,” said Derek coldly, the weapon never wavering. “Do it gently. I’ve had a busy night, and I’m not feeling very trustful right now.”
Carefully, they complied. Kendra started towards the table, but Derek waved her off.
“You. Stay away from the table. Put everything on the floor.” His voice was arctic.
“Where’s Cass?” trembled Kendra.
“On ice,” answered Derek. “But alive.”
“She’d better be,” threatened Kendra.
“Or what?” mocked Derek. “You’ll kill me? Don’t stop,” he said to Kendra, who had slowed her disarming. 
“What’s all this, then?” asked Stone, quietly fuming and furious she hadn’t trusted her instincts.
“Oh, you haven’t figured it out? Gee, with those two supposed computer geniuses, I would have thought it easy for you super-agent types.”
“You own HLC,” Kendra said flatly. “You’re behind all of this.”
“I knew I loved you for your brain,” sneered Derek. “No, wait, it was her brain, your body.”
“Did you? Love us, I mean?” Despite herself, Kendra couldn’t prevent her voice from cracking.
Derek laughed, a cold, ugly sound. “Is this where you get all teary-eyed and wail about how you feel used? Or do you save that for later and a bottle of wine? Because, if I were you, I’d go for the former. There isn’t going to be a later.”
Kendra had recovered from her momentary weakness. Now her voice was as cold as his. “You didn’t answer me.” 
“Yes, I loved you. Right up until Aiyana told me about her research and what it could mean. I tried to divert her from it, but she’s a stubborn bitch too. Kept on working the problem like a terrier with a bone.” He shook his head. 
“It wasn’t supposed to end like this,” he continued. “Farrell gave himself away somehow, Aiyana picked up on it, and the next thing I knew, I was running from the man I’d hired to kill her! Well, okay, he didn’t know me, but damn. His target was the redheaded woman. You’d think he’d be able to kill a single fucking scientist!”
“What do you mean, her?”
“Hold on a minute,” he said. “You four.” The agents were all standing still, disarmed.
“Yes?” answered Stone for the group.
“You might want to step away,” he said. A heartbeat later, he shot Kaine, who lay unconscious in a chair. There was no visible damage, but as the sonic pulse passed through his body, it disrupted his brain's chemical and electrical signals. Suddenly millions of neurons fired at once. Muscles throughout his body spasmed, his back arched violently, and the sound of bones breaking, shattering, was loud in the room.
“What the frak!” shouted Kendra.
“Failure shouldn’t be rewarded,” he explained. “Kaine has been an incompetent bungler this whole sorry affair, and I’ll be damned if I let him implicate me in anything.”
“Where’s Aiyana?” demanded Kendra, coldly furious.
“Like I said, she’s on ice.” He gestured behind him. “Or nearly so.”
There was a metal door behind him, and Kendra suddenly realized what it was. Many OutLook safe houses were equipped as refuges for times of political and social unrest. They were designed for as much self-sufficiency as possible. Like her shelter in the Hoosac Tunnel, this safe house had a walk-in refrigerator and probably a freezer.
“Frak me,” she whispered.
“I don’t think so,” said Derek. “Like I said, stubborn bitch. You couldn’t let it go, could you? And instead of staying with me at the terminal and letting the police handle things, you had to take her and run. Do you know how much crap I had to deal with when they took me in? How much I had to pay to keep my name out of it?”
“Money? This is about money?”
“No, not so much the money,” said Derek. “The aggravation. It would have been so good, so easy, if either of you could have let it go. And now you have to die.” He aimed the disruptor at Kendra but didn’t trigger it. Instead, he looked down in surprise at the sudden bloom of red on his shirt. He turned to the side to see Celsey standing there with her flechette gun.
“Always check your six,” she said. She shot again.
This time, he fell.
She triggered off another burst to his head, just to be sure.
Kendra dashed past the dying man and yanked the metal door open. Diving inside, she called out, “Cass!” while looking desperately for her wife.
A moan led her to the far corner. Aiyana was on the floor, hands tied behind her back, eyes closed. Kendra hefted the taller woman up and carried her out, through the suddenly-noisy kitchen, and into the next room. Kendra dropped Cass’s cold body onto the couch.
“We need to warm her up,” said Lisa, hurrying into the room. “Where’s the thermostat?”
“Set temperature to ninety,” said Kendra as an answer. “Authorization Foster-Briggs Zero Zero Seven.”
“Confirmed,” said a robotic voice.
“All of the safe houses have a rudimentary AI,” explained Celsey. Kendra stripped off her jacket and blouse to wrap around Aiyana, then pulled her into her arms.
“I need blankets!” she called out.
“On it,” said Bruce. He returned with an armful and wrapped the two in them in just a few moments.
“What about something hot to drink?” Lisa asked.
“I’ll see what I can do,” said Michael, returning to the kitchen.
“Not coffee. Cocoa, if there is any, the sugar will help,” said Kendra. Turning to Celsey, she said, “Where did you come from?”
“Lisa and I were on the top floor. Apparently, that’s where the central hub is, and we saw it when they arrived. It was way early. I saw him dragging Cass into the house and knew something was wrong. Lisa sent messages to Mac. They should be here any time, but we couldn’t contact you.”
“Why not?” demanded Kendra.
“Because you had Kaine, and we didn’t know the situation in the transport.”
Stone, who was listening from the door, nodded. “Good tactical thinking.”
“Thank you, Master Chief.”
“How long were you planning to let him talk?” Kendra said, calming. She was a courier and an assassin. She didn’t usually work in a team, so she was willing to bow to those with more experience.
“Until he did anything that seemed really dangerous.”
“Like shooting Kaine, maybe?” Lisa said with a bite.
“Exactly. I targeted him then, but I had to stay out of sight. When he aimed at you, I knew I was out of time.”
“Well,” said Kendra. “You cut it a little fine for my taste, but you always did have a flair for the dramatic. Thanks.”
Michael came in with a cup of cocoa. “Warm, but not too hot to drink.” He handed it to Kendra. “I have more when you’re ready.”
“Cass, honey, drink this.” Kendra put the mug to Cass’s lips and tipped a little bit onto her tongue. Tasting the chocolate, though not really awake, Aiyana strained for more. Gently, slowly, Kendra tilted the cup, giving her little sips. Shortly, Cass opened her eyes.
“Hi babe,” she said blearily.
“Hey hon,” sniffled Kendra, at last giving in to her emotions. “Glad to see you.”
“Me, too,” returned Cass. She settled more comfortably into Kendra’s arms, then stiffened as memories rushed back.
“What – wait – where’s Derek – Derek! He’s the one who –”
“Shh, shh, we’ve got it under control,” hushed Kendra. She felt the tension ebb from Cass’s body. “Are you up to telling us what happened?”
“As long as you don’t let go of me.”
“Not a chance,” said Kendra, tightening her arms.
“We stopped just outside Amarillo,” Cass started. “When Derek came back to the car, he drugged me, and I was knocked unconscious. When I came to, we were somewhere outside Houston. Derek was driving, and he had tied me to the passenger seat.” She stopped and drank more cocoa.
“Go on,” urged Kendra.
She took a deep breath then resumed. “I asked Derek why he was doing this. He said it was because he’d been trying to have others do it, and they kept screwing it up, so he had to do it himself. Kendra, he’s the one who was trying to have us killed!”
Kendra caressed her forehead. “I know, I just found out a few minutes ago. What next?”
“I didn’t understand and told him so. He said that my research would ruin his company and cost him hundreds of billions of credits. I still didn’t understand. He said he was the sole beneficiary of the D.D. Harriman Trust. Kendra, back when I was at MIT, I studied them for a paper on the economics of the space industry. They own, like, everything about space! Capricorn Station, HLC, and the Sagan Foundation are all tied back to D.D. Harriman!”
“I wonder what his connection was?” speculated Stone.
Mac and her crew spilled into the safe house. Exclamations over the bodies in the kitchen prevented Cass from continuing, and Stone excused herself to sort the chaos out. Kaine and Derek were dragged into the freezer for later disposal. The various agents were given interim assignments for the rest of their stay. Finally, the leaders reconvened in the room with Kendra and Aiyana. Cass felt better and was sitting upright, her hands wrapped around another cup of cocoa. Kendra refused to move from her side, and Lisa attached herself to the other side. Mac, Stone, and Montana sat in chairs facing them.
“Where was I?” said Cass.
“You were about to explain how Derek was connected to D.D. Harriman,” reminded Stone.
Mac jumped in. “Oh, I know that my bots finally finished digging out the information, he was the great-great-grandson of the founder of the trust and the only descendant deemed eligible to inherit, so when his parents passed several years ago, he got control of the whole thing, and the Trust is just huge, I mean absolutely huge, you wouldn’t believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly huge it is, I mean, you might think that the Buffett Foundation is huge, but that’s just peanuts compared to the Trust, and Derek was the only one who controlled it, and he was really really hands-off for most of his life, but ever since he met you, Cass, he was taking an interest in HLC, and they’re one of the bigger bits and pretty well interconnected with everything else, and –”
“Of course!” exclaimed Kendra, cutting Mac off. “So if Cass’s research was going to hurt HLC and hurt them badly, that would have a knock-on effect on most of the rest of the Trust.”
“How long have you known this, Mac?” asked Stone in a dangerous tone.
Mac recognized the warning flags. 
“I just read the report on the way over here, my bots finished digging a while ago, but I was busy with the assignment so I hadn’t checked, and when I did look we were only, like, five minutes away, and I didn’t think it worth comming ahead since we were going to get here soon, but I wasn’t holding it back I promise!” She ended with a squak.
“Fine, Mac, you did good,” reassured Stone. “Aiyana? You want to try again?”
“That matches up pretty well with what Derek told me,” confirmed Cass. “Then he told me he was going to be busy and knocked me out again. You know the rest.”
“I’ve got some questions,” said Montana. 
“I’ll answer if I can.”
“How did you get here so fast? We figured it was five hours plus, but you were here in, what, four?”
“Kendra’s car,” said Cass. “Derek didn’t know about the restricted speed, but he pushed to nearly four hundred KPH.” She shrugged. “I mean, I was out for most of that, but if I had to guess? No matter what people say about the Rangers being incorruptible, there’s never been a civil servant who was averse to a little pocket-lining.”
“And how did he know we were coming here?” continued Montana.
“That’s on me,” confessed Cass. “We talked from the house to the border. He asked all sorts of questions about what was going on. I didn’t tell him any specifics, just that you had to do something in Houston, and we were heading for a safe house to wait.”
“I wish that we could finish connecting the dots,” said Kendra. “We have enough to know the overall picture, but there are still so many questions!”
“Like why did Kaine target Lisa?” said Cass.
“And what were the exact contracts Talbott had?” added Montana.
“And who else is compromised?” continued Stone. “We know that someone in the Rangers bugged the Veyron. Who else?”
“But with Kaine and Derek dead, we don’t have anyone to ask,” finished Mac.
“Yes, we do!” said Kendra, jumping up and dashing from the room.
Cass and Lisa exchanged a look. Montana shrugged.
Kendra returned with Kaine’s bag.
“We have his computer!” she said triumphantly. “Mac, do your magic!”
Chapter 26: The Reckoning

For all that Kaine was, or had been, a Director of Security, his personal system was a straightforward hack. It took Mac under a minute to break his passwords and encryptions, and the entire contents were available. She farmed files out to everyone at random, and they started scanning. It wasn’t long before the exertions of the day caught up to them, and one by one, they called it a night, promising to meet and review in the morning. Everyone except Mac that is. She was used to white nights chasing the ghost in the machine, so sipping coffee and reading through the treasure trove of documents was nearly peaceful.
At seven, at least somewhat rested and recovered, they gathered.
“Mac, you start. You’ve been looking at this all night,” directed Cass. She had thoroughly shaken off the immediate effects of the previous day. Now that the prospect of open conflict was subsiding, she seemed eager to retake charge of her life.
“I started by recalling the company that Kaine had sent to your house, they hadn’t been able to contact him so were waiting for orders, he was such a controlling jerk that he’d told them not to do anything until he gave the go, and by the time they were ready to go he was dead and so they just kept waiting and waiting, finally I sent them an email in Kaine’s name saying to stand down and return to base, I think I got the phrasing right because this morning there were check-ins from all of their leaders here in Houston and they wouldn’t be able to do that if they were still in Sonora.”
“Good thinking, Mac!” said Kendra. “I totally forgot about them.”
“So did I,” admitted Stone. “Mac, have you done anything else in Kaine’s name?”
“Other than send an email to his subordinates, saying he was going to be late today because he didn’t feel good, no, not yet, there’s nothing that is really urgent, but sooner or later, someone is going to come looking for him with a problem that only he can solve, and then we’re going to have to think fast.”
“I’ve got a solution,” said Lisa. “Does he have a family?”
“No, no family, not even a cat, he lives alone in a place on the East side, big house on a bigger lot, almost like a private fortress, nobody gets in or out, why?”
“Take his body there, drop him somewhere in the house, load him up with some of that Octol, and blow him to kingdom come. Fake a suicide note. Make him say he regrets the senseless murder of his secretary and that he can’t take the guilt. Plant it in the system with a timestamp that’ll make it all look like a suicide. The cops won’t question why a Director of Security had enough Octol to put his house on the moon, not in Texas.”
Stone nodded admiringly. “Dr. Mantchev, that’s bloody clever. It ought to work. Mac, as soon as we’re finished, work on that note. We’ll need to time it to match the explosion. Montana, who are your demo experts again?”
“Alivia and Elle.”
“Send them, with Bruce and Alycia as support.”
Montana stepped out to start the process.
Stone said, “Who’s going to be missing Kaine?”
“So we keep calling him the Director of Security, which is what he did, but his actual title was Deputy Director for Security, he reported to the Director of Operations, and he has an Assistant Deputy Director for Security, a woman named Alyssa Jordan, she’s supposed to have a meeting with him today at noon, routine stuff, it looks like.”
“Send her another email. It should say he’s not coming in today,” suggested Cass. “She’s the one who’ll take over once Kaine’s “suicide” is discovered?”
“She should be, she’s been in the department for six years, worked her way up from a security grunt, seems to be really good at her job, and has been pestering Kaine about the stuff he’s been keeping from her, she doesn’t know what it’s been about, but you know security people if there’s something odd they want to figure it out.”
“Is she liable to pick up where he left off?” Kendra asked.
“No, not likely, though I’d want to tie up any loose ends in his office before she gets in there, just to be sure.”
“You should have some time,” said Stone. “Kaine said that if the door was closed, nobody would dare to go in there.”
Cass nodded. “Makes sense. Mac, more for you. Do it with an escort after we’re done here. It needs to be done before the note goes out, though.” She nodded to herself and continued. “Okay, what else? Are there any other contracts?”
Montana returned and took her seat as Mac answered.
“There’s nothing in his computer about contracts with Talbott or OutLook, but there were some interesting files about the contacts in law enforcement throughout Texas, plus other nations, though none as extensive.”
Kendra shook her head. “No good. We can’t leave any hanging over us.”
“Once we get done with this, I can get back into OutLook and go digging again, I’ve kept my little backdoors open, I’ve been checking on them, and they haven’t been found yet, but it would be a lot easier if we could just ask Talbott, don’t you think?”
“Oh, I agree,” agreed Kendra with a feral grin. “And I plan to do just that.” Seeing Cass’s face, she hurried to add, “Not on my own, of course.”
“Better,” said a somewhat mollified Aiyana.
“Not to be a downer,” said Montana. “But what’s to stop the next owner of HLC from doing the same thing when they learn about Cass’s research?”
“That’s easy,” Mac said immediately. “You two own HLC. You’re the inheritors of the entire D.D. Harriman Trust, now that Derek’s dead.”
The room was silent for a full minute before Cass spoke.
“What did you say?”
“You two are the widows of Derek James,” explained Mac patiently. “You married him in the Sonoran Republic, where the marriage and inheritance laws are crystal clear. A  marriage invalidates all prior wills or estate disposition orders in any jurisdiction. This has been hammered out by treaty and went all the way up the UE. It’s ironclad. Even though the Trust is based in the Swiss Confederacy, it’s still covered. You don’t even have to worry about being ineligible by the conditions of the Trust. They don’t apply in this case since it’s a lateral inheritance within the same generation. The rules only apply when it passes from an elder generation to a junior generation. This is once it goes through probate, of course, but that will o be cut-and-dried. Your marriage is part of the public record. Even if someone wanted to challenge the duration, it’s not like you didn’t have a history together that goes back long enough, so yeah, you guys own HLC.  don’t think you have to worry about that part of it.”
“Holy fuck,” breathed Kendra.
“Ah…” was all Cass could manage.
“You’re sure about this?” said Stone.
“Oh, positive, I can pull it all up for you –”
Stone waved off the offer. “I don’t do legal crap.” Stone exhaled. “I guess we just have the one problem now. What do we do about Talbott and OutLook?”
“Um,” Mac spoke timidly, for once.
“You have more to add?” said Stone.
“Yes,” replied Mac.
“Well?”
Mac’s hesitation lasted a couple seconds before she began. “I think that Derek bought OutLook. Not the Trust, but Derek himself.”
“Mac, stop with the bombshells!” exclaimed Kendra. “What else aren’t you telling us? That there’s a warp-capable ship out there ready to head into the black?”
“No, it’s not finished yet,” said Mac before realizing that Kendra thought she was exaggerating. “Oh.”
“Seriously? A starship?”
Mac nodded.
“Aiyana, remember that old show?”
“Which one?”
“The one by Roddenberry?”
“Um. Maybe?”
“No matter. We’re naming it Enterprise,” insisted Kendra before lapsing into silence.
“Let me get this straight,” said Cass, taking over for the now-speechless Kendra. “Derek bought OutLook. When?”
“Near as I can figure out, eight, nine months ago,” Mac said.
Cass thought about it. “I remember telling Derek about my research, oh, maybe a year ago.”
“And you didn’t tell me?” demanded Kendra.
“Why would I? No, I don’t mean it like that,” she answered, seeing the look of hurt on Kendra. “I – that is, he asked me one night, you were away, and we were having dinner. We were just talking about work and stuff. You know, table talk, and I got excited about a new simulation I had run which supported my theory. He never brought it up again, so I didn’t either. It just wasn’t part of life at home, okay? Like you never told me about OutLook, right?”
Kendra slowly nodded, her hurt fading. “Because it was just part of life away from you and something I was getting out of.”
“Exactly. Anyways, the time frame fits. Derek must have dug around to figure out if I was onto something or if I was on a dead-end. Hey! He did talk to me again about it a few weeks later. I just remembered.”
“What did he say?”
Cass’s face scrunched as she tried to recall details. “It was along the lines of, was I sure I wanted to waste my time on something that might just be fluff and feathers – that’s exactly what he said, fluff and feathers. I told him that it was important to me and how would he feel if I asked him to stop light sculpting, and that was the end of it.”
“Except it wasn’t,” said Stone. “He decided you were a threat and started planning how to eliminate the threat.”
“I wonder how he knew about OutLook?” wondered Montana.
“Huh?” was Cass’s insightful comment.
“It’s not like we go around advertising our services,” explained Montana. “There’s quite a market, yes, but it’s all word-of-mouth. At least, that’s what I’ve seen.”
“Um. That’s because of me,” Kendra confessed.
“What?”
“I was home, working, doing some research on a route for a run, and Derek was there as well. An email arrived from Talbott, and I opened it up to read. Derek must have heard the alert because he turned around and saw it on my screen. You know how Talbott always uses the format with the OutLook letterhead?” Montana and Mac both nodded. “You can’t miss it, and he didn’t. He asked, so I said it was a company I occasionally worked for, which was true enough, and I was a courier. He wanted to know about some of my jobs, so I told him a couple of the funnier stories because who wants to hear, “I took a package from Chicago to Des Moines?””
Kendra looked around and saw understanding on everyone’s faces. “That was it, the only time we talked about OutLook. He must’ve gotten the idea that OutLook provided all sorts of other services, or maybe he found out on his own, but that’s got to be how he made the initial connection.”
“We should look into it, but later,” agreed Stone. “A more immediate problem is how we get him reported as dead instead of just missing. That means officials will have to get involved.”
“I can help with that,” said Mac. “Or maybe I should say Kaine like I said he had all kinds of bent contacts in law enforcement in Texas, and it was really heavy here in Houston, all we have to do is find one who has enough pull, and we can get his death listed as a home invasion gone wrong, or attempted kidnapping, or anything we want really, it shouldn’t be tough, in fact, I can pull a name before we finish here.”
“We wait for the official paperwork to become widows and inheritors of the Trust,” finished Kendra. “Then we deal with Talbott from a position of power.”
“What about the rest of the team?” said Montana. “Mac and I will stick to the end. We kinda burned our bridges on the way out of Dodge anyway. The rest might be able to slide back into their positions. It’s only been a few days, and as long as they don’t mind an official reprimand, I’ll bet we can get them back without Talbott being any the wiser.”
“Good thinking,” agreed Stone. “I’ve got nowhere in particular to be, so I’d like to hang with you for a while. If we can give the agents their lives back, I’d like to do it.”
Cass stood. “Okay. First, Mac gets us the local contact in the police to deal with Derek’s death. Second, take care of Kaine’s office and his body. Third, send the agents back to OutLook.”
Mac interrupted. “Those that want to, of course, because they might not want to, every one of them volunteered to help when they heard it was Kendra in trouble, they all volunteered again before coming here, I know that Sanzari was tired of her assignment on that submarine, and I haven’t talked to the others, but their actions really do speak volumes about their commitment, and to just send them back to the agency would probably be an insult, so you really ought to give them a choice, and then be prepared when they tell you a third time that they’re in.”
“I agree completely,” said Kendra. “Cris, I’m sure you’re right about whether we could get them back in, but I also know you’re dead wrong about whether we should send them back in. There’s something else to consider, which I just thought of.”
Montana looked at her expectantly.
“If what Mac says is right, we own OutLook. I’ve got enough resources to keep them on payroll until it’s all official, and then they can all go back to work. No reprimand, no suspensions, no firings.” She smiled brightly.
“Crap. I forgot! You’re right. Even if you weren’t, I don’t think any will bail. But someone had to bring up the option.”
Cass regained control. “Third, those that want to go back, we let go back. Those that want to stick, stick. Fourth, bring Lisa home.” She turned to Mantchev. “We did promise.”
Mutely, Lisa nodded. Cass wrapped her in a hug, and Kendra joined in. Then Stone, not usually prone to emotional displays, stepped in, followed finally by Montana and Mac. They all stood there, silent, until there was a ping! and Mac disengaged.
“Sorry, I set up a search in Kaine’s files for the police contact he went to most often with sensitive stuff, and it must have found it.”
That seemed to be a signal, and everyone stepped back.
“Okay, then,” said Cass, and if her voice was a bit husky, nobody said anything. “Make it so.”

Chapter 27: Bad Girls World

Mac was right. She found an appropriately crooked cop who was only too pleased to help out Mr. Kaine and his trusted assistant, Lt. Rasczak, with a potentially embarrassing situation. The body of Derek James had barely been transported off the grounds before the official determination of “death while attempting to avert a home invasion” was registered in the Rangers’ database. After that, the legal machinery started to turn, seeking to settle the estate of the late Mr. James.
Kendra and Cass headed straight back to Los Alamos by the shortest route. Another “friendly” official had provided them with a particular transponder. Mounted discreetly in the Veyron, it would transmit a “don’t stop me” signal to every patrolling officer between Houston and the border. Mac’s magic performed a similar trick on the Sonoran systems. Thus covered, they were able to make the run in just over four hours, arriving home before Kaine “committed suicide.”
Mac went back to HLC with Stone, still playing the role of Lt. Rasczak, and done her level best to sanitize Kaine’s office. They removed a satchel full of documents and files. Stone found a standalone server Mac stripped of data before physically tearing out the memory. 
“Just in case,” she said. 
They were out of the office before the regular workers started trickling in at nine. Shortly after that, the body of Courtney was discovered. With Kaine out of his office, the investigation fell to Assistant Deputy Director Jordan. The murder weapon was found immediately and tied to Kaine. Not only was it registered to him, but only his prints were lifted from it. Attempts to contact Kaine were naturally fruitless. Montana held onto his comm, and any time a signal came in, Alycia or Bruce would let it go for a bit, then reject it manually. Once, seeing the identification of HLC, Alycia opened the channel, made some indistinct noises, then disconnected.
By three, the crew was ready to roll. Mac used Kaine’s computer to send “his” suicide note to various people at HLC, including the Director of Operations and Deputy Jordan. Seconds later, the Octol Alivia and Elle had planted detonated. Kaine, his house, and a substantial portion of his property turned into a rapidly-expanding ball of gases and debris.
Cass and Kendra were home when, at four thirteen, SARAH announced they had a call from the law firm of Milton, Chadwick & Waters, a Mr. Baddiscombe calling. They had discussed this on the drive back. Kendra spoke.
“I’ll take it,” she said calmly.
A tenor voice said, “To whom am I speaking?”
“This is Kendra Cassidy. Who are you?”
“My name is Giles Baddiscombe. I’m a partner at Milton, Chadwick & Waters, a law firm in Geneva.”
“Geneva? Goodness, it must be terribly late there.”
“After midnight,” said Baddiscombe. “Is anyone with you? I’m afraid what I need to tell you is confidential.”
“My wife is here, Aiyana Foster-Briggs.”
Kendra heard the riffing of papers. “Ah, excellent. She’s on my list. That will save me time. Good evening, Ms. Foster-Briggs.”
“Hello,” said Cass.
“Is anyone else there?” persisted Baddiscombe.
“No,” answered Kendra. “Our husband, Derek James, has business in Houston, in the Republic of Texas, but I don’t know when to expect him. Does he need to be here? Should we wait?”
“Ah, no. What I need to discuss with you is concerning your husband.”
“Oh? What on Earth could that be?” Aiyana stifled a laugh at Kendra’s blatant overacting.
“Ms. Cassidy, I’m terribly sorry to be the one to inform you, but it appears that your husband was a victim of an attempted robbery earlier today. A home invasion, at the residence where he was staying.”
“No! Not Derek!” 
“I’m afraid so.”
Kendra was entirely into her role of concerned wife. Aiyana was finding more and more challenging to resist laughing. “Is he in trouble? Are you his lawyer? Do we need to bail him out? No, he has money. He’d be able to bail himself out. Why are you calling us?”
“No, no, it’s nothing like that,” said Baddiscombe, trying and failing to sound reassuring.
“What is it?” insisted Kendra.
“Ladies, it is my unfortunate duty to tell you that Mr. James was killed by the invader.”
“Oh my god,” said Cass, deadpan, earning a fulminating look from Kendra.
“Did they catch the bastard who did it?” asked Kendra.
“No arrests have been made, though I’m assured by the District Attorney that they will make every effort to apprehend the criminal who committed this atrocity. I don’t have many other details, but I can forward you the contact information for both the Houston police and the DA.”
“Thank you,” said Cass shakily.
“I’m certain the Houston DA doesn’t need a lawyer from Geneva to tell us our husband is – dead,” said Kendra, allowing just the slightest catch in her voice.
“No,” agreed Baddiscombe. “Not at all. The purpose of my call is to inform you that, as wives to Mr. James, you are co-inheritors of his estate. Pending, of course, clearing of probate and other legal niceties.” He added the last with a hint of an edge as if he doubted the legitimacy of their claim.
“Inheritors? Estate?”
“Yes,” said Baddiscombe, sounding much more comfortable to be on his usual legal grounds. “Mr. James had naturally prepared a will, several years ago, and had left it with Our Firm –” They could hear the capital letters, “- In the event of his death. However, when we were notified of his unfortunate passing, we discovered that he registered marriage to you, Ms. Foster-Briggs, and to you, Ms. Cassidy.”
“Yes,” agreed Kendra. “Just yesterday, in fact. Right here in this house.”
“The paperwork was filed in Los Alamos, Sonoran Republic,” confirmed Baddiscombe.
“That’s where we live,” she said. 
“You may not be aware of this,” continued Baddiscombe. “When two – or more – persons marry in the Sonoran Republic, national law is unambiguous. All prior wills and final testaments are rendered null and void. The parties entered into the marriage are designated each beneficiary and inheritors of the others’ estates. Of course, any subsequent will would override that designation. As Mr. James had not done so, we are left with our current situation.” He stopped, seeming to wait for applause for his masterful summation of the laws. He was disappointed.
“So we inherit,” Kendra snarled. “Meanwhile, our husband is dead, and the most you can say about the person who did it is that “every effort” is being made to catch him! I am telling you, Mr. Bad Scone –”
“Baddiscombe,” corrected the lawyer.
“Bad Monkey, for all I give a shit,” snapped back Kendra. “I am not happy. Not at all!”
“I realize that this may be something of a shock –” Baddiscombe tried to regain control and failed.
“A shock? You think? Sweet suffering Hera. We’ve lost our husband. You might have been Derek’s lawyer, but you’ll never be ours. I want a human being as my lawyer. Now, before my wife and I arrange to retrieve Derek’s body and take care of arrangements, is there anything else you need to tell us?”
Baddiscombe knew when to cut his losses, at least. “No. Our Firm will be in touch with you as the estate is probated, should anything need additional attention.”
“Then goodbye,” said Kendra and closed the connection.
Cass finally gave up and burst out laughing.
“What?” said an aggrieved Kendra. “Was it too much?”
“Ken, babe, you might have done all those sensies, but you don’t ever have to worry about your speech at the Oscars!” And she laughed more.
“That bad?”
“I’m sure it sounded appropriately distressed, angry, hurt – all the emotions a new widow would, should, be feeling, but, well, it wasn’t subtle.”
“I wasn’t trying for subtle,” said Kendra. “Not with that jackass. And I was genuinely angry, if not at him.”
“Who?”
“Derek. I still can’t believe he tried to kill you.”
Aiyana looked guiltily at her wife. “Neither can I, and I feel worse, because I’m the one who brought him into our lives.”
Kendra sat next to her and took her hands. “We both missed it, babe.”
“I guess.” Aiyana squeezed Kendra’s hands back, then smiled faintly. “I’m sure Baddiscome will remember your reactions.”
“Damn right,” Kendra agreed fiercely.
“I need two things.”
“Anything.”
Aiyana’s smile broadened. “A kiss, then help me think.”
“A kiss will help you think? Since when?” asked Kendra, coming close and giving her the kiss. “Think of what?”
“Well, we have a bunch of bodies in the freezer,” reminded Cass. “I don’t want them there much longer. Do you?”
“I certainly don’t!” said SARAH. “It’s untidy.”
Chapter 28: A Dirty Job

“The subscriber you are attempting to reach is not accepting calls at this time. Please try your call again later or, if you believe you have reached this message in error, hang up and try again.”
Talbott didn’t say anything but slammed the comm into the desk.
She heard the same message an average of three times a day for the past two weeks. She could reach out to Kaine at his office, but she was reluctant to do that. Discretion was a hallmark of OutLook, and doubly so now since these contracts were officially “off the books.” Besides, Kaine didn’t take out the arrangements himself. He was simply the mouthpiece for the actual purchaser. She still didn’t know the true identity, but she was getting closer to figuring it out.
She didn’t have any other options for contact. Emails were a truly awful idea in her line of work. The less memorialized, the better, and, again, doubly so here. That didn’t stop her from keeping her own notes as an insurance policy on her personal server. Just in case someone decided to get squirrely about leaving witnesses.
Somehow, the whole thing had gone pear-shaped. It wasn’t Talbott’s arrangements. She was a pro, after all. No, it had to be the incompetence of the people and organizations she was forced to deal with. Williamson and his joke of a crime family in the Valley? Ha! The only reason he was afloat was because of Kimball and lingering respect for the memory of his father. She figured that would last another six months, tops, before the other families sharpened their knives.
And how did Kaine ever rise so high in such a big company? His greed and pettiness reached epic proportions. The security forces he could muster were no better than standard rent-a-cop, one each, for the most part. Oh, there were a couple exceptions, but on the whole, she would have been better off recruiting a platoon of Girl Scouts to provide support. Still, he had access to a good network of corrupt cops. She’d have to see about rolling it up and incorporating it into her string after this little speedbump. 
Sighing, Talbott decided to move on to other issues. She opened a file on her desk and reviewed the names. They were all overdue for their assignments, none answering their comms, and none responding to messages. That wasn’t entirely unusual. Despite her best efforts at training and enforcement, once agents got into the field, they tended to be lackadaisical about checking in unless their ass was in a crack. Nine agents dropping off within a week was unusual, but not enough for her to spend more than a few minutes thought before moving on.
Then she had the problem of Agents McAllister and Montana and the damage they’d done escorting that miserable, pain-in-the-ass, overbearing scientist! Talbott cut that train of thought off. She’d been over it and over it in her head, and she still couldn’t figure out how Cassidy, no, not Cassidy, Foster-Briggs, had flipped them so quickly. Facts were facts, though, and the fact was Mac and Montana had made their choice, for whatever reason. They’d pretty conclusively burned their bridges at OutLook.
One of these days, they’d screw up. And when they did, Talbott would be there like the hammer of Lucifer to pound them into the ground. Still, it never hurt to have some insurance. She picked up the comm and placed a call.


Chapter 29: Better Sorry Than Safe

In the four weeks it took to sort out the estate, Aiyana and Kendra kept as low a profile as possible. They hired a local firm, Thomason, Pile, West & Gershwitz, who provided a partner, Archie Leach, to represent them as Derek’s estate went through probate. There was a tussle over jurisdiction. Derek’s estate was executed by a Swiss firm, he died in Texas, but was a citizen of Sonora. Leach threatening to dangle Baddiscombe out a window by his ankles broke the impasse. Baddiscombe, recognizing Leach's argument's unassailable logic and validity, conceded the point, and the venue was set for Los Alamos.
They had traveled incognito to Houston and claimed Derek’s body. Once they checked with Baddiscombe for any impediments, they had him cremated and the ashes forged into a Memorial Diamond ™. Then they went back to Los Alamos to wait some more.
Lisa returned home, though it had to wait until after a thorough inspection by Montana and Mac for booby-traps, bugs, and other souvenirs of HLC. Still mistrustful, Stone assigned Alivia and Elle to stay with Lisa and act as her bodyguards. 
“We don’t know what these wankers might come up with,” she explained when Lisa protested. “This is not open to debate.”
Lisa accepted that she would have two houseguests for the foreseeable future.
Mac, Montana, and Stone took residence in Kendra’s ranch home. Stone and Montana had forged a strong friendship and spent hours spinning tales of their various misadventures in the field. Mac, for her part, had flatly refused to leave.
“You think I can find any better connection to the Net? This place has exabit speed with triple-layer firewalls and 256-bit encryption, not only that, but you have a bleeding-edge AI built right into the house, SARAH can do so much more than you’ve been letting her, between us, there’s no way we can be hacked, well, not anything less than a multi-governmental all-out assault, we’re talking NSA times ten with dedicated servers and all the best operators, but I know a bunch of them, and they’re friends, mostly, and wouldn’t do that to me even if they were ordered, but that doesn’t matter because between SARAH and myself we aren’t even a blip, we are so totally the ghost in the machine, and how else am I supposed to keep tabs on what Talbott is doing at OutLook?”
That settled that. Kendra needed to know what, if anything, Talbott was going to try next. HLC was less of a worry for now. After Kaine’s “suicide,” an internal investigation had discovered the files and plans Lisa and Mac had backloaded into the security server’s memory. The Director of Operations, not wanting to wash dirty laundry in public, had directed Kaine’s ADD Jordan to bury it all. In return, she had quietly stepped into Kaine’s role at HLC. She was running a competent security division with no nefarious activities. 
So Mac stayed, and between her and SARAH, they knew everything that went on at OutLook and HLC practically as it happened.
The other five were on the property as well. At Stone’s insistence, Kendra purchased some temporary modular living spaces and installed them behind the house.
“Why not in the house?” she had asked. “We have more than enough space.”
“That’s part of the problem,” said Stone. “Some parts of this place are like a maze. We’re keeping these agents on-premises because we want to be prepared if anything goes down. It wouldn’t do if their reaction was slowed because they turned left instead of right and ended up in the theater.”
“Hey, that only happened to Sanzari once!” giggled Kendra.
“And if Talbott ever gets off her ass and sends actual agents against you instead of going through intermediaries?”
Kendra sobered. “Point.”
The habs were comfortable and gave each agent privacy they lacked at the OutLook campus. There wasn’t any heavy bitching about it, just the habitual griping of any recruit. There had been more heartfelt complaints when it came time to dispose of the bodies, though not because of the grisliness of the task. No, the complaints centered around the fact they were frozen through and awkward to move out.
They were loaded into one of the HLC-registered transports. Monegain volunteered to drive them to the road between Dixon and Mora, well up into the Cimarron Range. Michael followed in a rented EV. When they were twenty klicks in and hadn’t seen another vehicle for almost an hour, Monegain pulled over. With Michael’s help, they muscled one of the thawing corpsicles into the driver’s seat, set the autocruise, and let them go. They followed the HLC transport until it ran off the road. It plummeted down an embankment and out of sight in the trees.
When they returned, Stone nodded in approval. “Did you rig the demo?”
“Thoroughly,” said Monegain. “Checked for a signal after it went over, then again all the way back. We’re still picking it up, so whenever we’re ready, we can blow it.”
“Do it.”
Monegain pulled a small device from his pocket and tapped out a code. 
“Done,” he said.
“Loss of signal,” reported Michael a second later.
“What if it didn’t work? What if we just lost the signal?” asked Alycia.
“Then there’s going to be a mystery around here in a few years.”
That was the excitement. 
Cass resumed working two weeks after her return to Los Alamos, ending her “official” honeymoon. She didn’t want to go back into the lab. Mac visited her office and reassured her there wasn’t any reason not to work in person. 
“We have to have things look normal,” Stone said. “Good tradecraft. If you act differently, people will talk and dig.”
Kendra added, “It’ll be good for you to get back to your friends and colleagues. I’m sure they all want to know about your wedding.”
“Omigawd, the wedding! Would you believe I totally forgot about it?”
“It’s still in the news,” said Mac. It was evening, and the residents of the house were sharing supper. It had become a nightly event, a chance for everyone to catch up and reconnect.
“It is?” asked Sanzari around a mouthful of pasta. “But that was, like, a month ago!”
“It’s a quiet town,” said Kendra. “Not much happens around here. Two brides and a groom running away from their own wedding and disappearing? That’ll be talked about for years.”
“Oh, crap,” moaned Cass. “This is so not what I wanted to be remembered for!”
“I don’t think we have any choice about it,” laughed Kendra. “What kind of stories are out there, Mac?”
“Little things, remember the writer, Parker? She puts out something every couple of days, the last one I read was yesterday, I think, or maybe today, hold on, I’ll find it –” Tap-tap-tap-tap. “Okay, got it, she wrote, “Word is our favorite local red-haired researcher has been seen around town in the company of a cute mystery brunette –” must be you, Cris “- but where’s her bride? Where’s her groom? Is the honeymoon over already? Los Alamos wants to know!” That’s pretty typical of what she’s been writing since you started going into town, before then, it was all “Where’s Aiyana? Where’s Kendra? Where’s Derek?” and lots and lots of ridiculous rumors, she even had you three catching an Ares out to the Martian Colonies two weeks ago, it’s all silly stuff, but it just doesn’t stop.”
Cass frowned. “I wonder what’s going on? She’s a better writer than celebrity gossip. Mysti must be really desperate for inches if she’s writing tripe like that.” 
“Still,” said Stone. “It brings up a good point. We’ve been lucky so far that Derek died in Texas and kept a low profile here. Sooner or later, luck always runs out, and it’s going to come out about Derek’s death.”
Mac said, “Probably once the estate is settled. Legal notices have to be published and the like.”
“What we told Baddiscombe should work,” suggested Kendra. “It has the benefit of being the truth, if not all of it.”
“What about the whole “running away from the wedding” thing?” asked Montana.
“Chalk it up to an acute attack of nerves?” pondered Cass. “I’d rather be known as a nervous bride than one who dumped her spouses after a month.”
“That could fly,” agreed Kendra. “Remember, nobody else saw the gun.”
“That reminds me,” said Cass. “Mac, did you ever manage to track down Farrell? I know you said you had some leads.”
“I did, and you’re not going to believe it, the last pieces fell into place today, and boy were they hard to find, but I did, I had to get into the databases of three different countries, thirteen agencies, and hire four PIs, but beyond his contract and a few notes on him there wasn’t anything, you remember I told you about that, anyway it turns out Farrell isn’t his name, you probably already figured that much on your own, his real name is actually, you ready for this, Michelle Jeffries, yeah he’s a she, she’s been a freelance hitman, hitwoman? Whatever, freelance assassin, for eight years, she’s created all sorts of alternate identities, male and female, take on any job, anywhere, her prices are sky-high, but she’s never been caught, there’s only one good file out there on her, and if I told you where I got it I’d have to kill you, the point is just that she was a bitch to trace, but I finally know where she’s based. Once I found that out, I could hack into her records. Her files are really comprehensive, she’s got all the details about everything and everyone.” Mac stopped to take another bite.
“Well, I’ll be damned,” whistled Kendra, shaking her head. “I never had a clue that Farrell was a woman. How long was she setting this up?”
“Oh,” Mac said, still chewing. “She got the assignment only a few weeks before she made an attempt.”
“That doesn’t make any sense,” disagreed Cass. “Reverend Farrell was at the First Unitarian Church for at least six years, maybe seven. I remember running into him all over town. Surely you don’t mean she was playing the role for that long?”
“No, Mac doesn’t mean she was playing the role for that long, and don’t call me Shirley,” quipped Kendra. “Sorry, Mac. I couldn’t resist.”
“No problem,” mumbled Mac. “You can probably explain it better than me.”
Kendra nodded. “As a rule of thumb, a professional assassin will have two different personae running at any given time. One is who she lives as, her “real” identity.” She saw nods from several heads. “The other is her primary backup. It’s real enough to withstand some pretty hefty scrutiny, and it serves as her main escape route. She’ll put enough time and public appearances into it to ensure it stays current. When I was working, I was based out of the Valley. I had my alternate identity set a couple princedoms over, so I could get out there once a week.”
Kendra looked thoughtful for a moment. “I just reactivated it before all this shit went down while I was on that little “milk run” for Talbott. Probably worthwhile going out there and cleaning things up. It’s a useful thing to have.”
“That doesn’t answer the question about Farrell,” persisted Cass. 
“Short version, then. I find it unlikely in the extreme that Farrell was Jeffries’s alternate,” said Kendra flatly. “Mac, where’s her home?”
“Her home base seems to be Richmond, Virginia.”
“In the United States. Too far away to be shuttling back and forth regularly to here. She’d attract far too much official attention crossing the border that often. Plus, there’s a little consideration that, well, Farrell was male. It’s tough to pass convincingly as a different gender for any length of time. To do it over and over for years? Nearly impossible. Sooner or later, even though your life depends on it, you’re gonna screw up.” Kendra shook her head. “No, the backup identity is usually close enough to your real self that you don’t forget the details. It’s also distinct enough that they don’t overlap. If you want to know what I think happened?”
Cass, Mac, and a couple others nodded.
“I’ll bet the real Reverend Farrell met with an accident, probably a few days before the wedding. We met with him the week before, remember?” Cass nodded sadly. She’d liked Farrell. She wasn’t a believer, but he was always kind and polite, which is why they’d picked him as the officiant. 
“He seemed like himself, right?” Cass nodded again, answered by Kendra’s nod. 
“Right. The man we talked to knew all the details, stuff we’d talked about but hadn’t written down. At that point, he was still himself. She probably came into town, followed him for a few days, then bam!”
“Poor Will,” said Cass. “He was a nice enough guy. Mac, is there anything in there about following up with us?” 
“No,” said Mac. “I didn’t find anything like that.”
“That’s a relief,” admitted Kendra. “I didn’t think there would be, after hearing what Mac said about being a professional, but it’s still good to know.”
“Why is Jeffries being a professional a good thing?” asked Elle.
Kendra put down her fork. “Because you do what your contract calls for, period. It’s a job, and you’re getting paid for the job. You don’t freelance, you don’t improvise, and if you’re really a professional, you don’t let any personal feelings get in the way.”
“But wouldn’t he, she, have felt she didn’t fulfill the contract?” Elle followed up.
“Maybe,” shrugged Kendra. “Contracts almost always specify one attempt. I never had a contract that said anything else. The idea that one assassin will pursue their quarry until they succeed? It’s a bad sensie trope. Usually, if the first assassin misses, you just find another assassin.”
“To summarize, then,” said Stone, who’d been following along. “We know who Farrell really is, we know where they are, and we’re pretty confident they’re not coming back here without another contract.”
Kendra and Mac nodded in unison.
“Then does anyone else have a concern that needs airing now?” She waited, but nobody spoke. “Very well. Bruce, what did you do to the lamb? It was amazing!”

Chapter 30: If I Were A Rich Girl

“…under the laws of the Sonoran Republic, the act of marriage nullifies any and all previous Last Wills and Testaments.”
“Agreed, Your Honor.”
“Therefore, under statute S.R. 15-221B, the estate of Derek Delos James is duly passed to his widows, Aiyana Cassidy Foster-Briggs and Kendra Marissa Cassidy, in equal portion. Are there any objections?” Nobody spoke. This hearing was a formality, with all the relevant considerations thrashed out beforehand. 
“Very well. It is so ordered. Wayland,” the judge said to the court recorder. “Get copies of that to the various parties, plus a file copy to the Department of Records.”
“Yes, Judge Thacker.”
“Unless there is any other business?” Silence again. “Very good. The court is dismissed.”
Walking out, Cass said to attorney Leach, “That was it? Five weeks of waiting, and we get ten minutes in court?”
“I assure you, there was much more involved than just ten minutes,” sniffed Leach. “As I’m certain you’ll discover when you receive your bill.”
“Oh, calm down, Archie,” said Kendra. “We know you worked your ass off to make this as smooth as it was.”
Leach was torn between pleasure at his efforts being recognized and annoyance at Kendra’s crude manner of expression. “Rather.”
Aiyana asked, “What happens next?”
“Since he is the estate’s Executor, the court will officially notify Baddiscombe at Milton, Chadwick & Waters. He is already aware of the official decision, but the forms must be observed, of course.”
“Of course,” agreed Kendra. Leach missed the sly smile she tossed at Cass.
“He’ll transmit documentation to our firm, which you will need to sign.”
“In person?” said Kendra, frowning.
“Yes. It is a legal requirement.”
“There’s no way to get around it?”
“Not if you wish to have the estate released to you, no.” Leach’s tone was arid.
“What about inheritance tax?” asked Cass.
“None applies to the estate,” said Leach. “Mr. James was Sonoran by birth and by residence, so the laws of the Republic take primacy, and the Republic does not collect an estate tax. Ladies, if there’s nothing else, I need to return to the office and await the documents. I will be in touch as soon as it arrives.” With that, Leach strode away.
“What a pompous git,” complained Cass after he left and their scattered escort gathered to them.
“He’s not so bad,” countered Kendra. “There was this one lawyer in Frisco I had to deal with…”
Leach was as accurate as he was arrogant. Kendra and Cass trekked with their escort back into town within a day. They met in his office and signed, and signed, and signed, and initialed, and fingerprinted, and were finally officially made the inheritors of Derek’s estate, including the D.D. Harriman Trust. The process took so long the carafe of ice water was half-gone and nearly room temperature before they finished.
“Mr. Leach,” asked Cass when everything was signed. “Can you tell us, now, just how much the estate entails?”
“All the details are in that printout –” He gestured to a book-thick stack of paper on the desk. “- And in the electronic version you received when we filed with the state.”
“Yes, of course it is,” agreed Kendra, seeing Cass’s cheeks redden. Going back to childhood, this was never a good sign, and Kendra wanted to avoid any scenes. “But you’re the expert since you’ve dealt with it the past weeks.”
Feathers appropriately smoothed, Leach said, “There are many ways to calculate the value, which is further complicated by the fact the holdings are scattered, not only across the planet but across the system. Add to that the various exchange rates and the liquid- and non-liquid nature of the holdings, and any estimate I might give you will almost certainly be inaccurate.”
“Of course,” repeated Kendra. “We understand, and we’re not asking for a precise accounting. After all, you’ve already provided it.” She pointed at the printout. “If you could, though, give us a rough estimate? Please?”
Leach sighed. “A very rough estimate. No legal standing, you understand.”
“Oh, no. An idea,” agreed Kendra.
Leach turned deadly serious. “This is entirely hypothetical, assuming total liquidation of your positions, at least those easily liquidated. There are some, quite a good number, I’m afraid, which simply cannot be converted to cash in any reasonable sort of period.”
“Yes,” agreed Kendra again. She’d forgotten how much she loved dealing with lawyers. Maybe because it was always so painful, and the brain blots out those memories?
“Then, at today’s exchange rates, minus various fees and taxes on the gains, plus…” Leach leaned back, looking upward as he performed extensive mental calculations. Cass took the time to sip at her glass of water. At length, he sat forward.
“Roughly speaking, twenty-seven trillion Sonoran credits.”
Cass sprayed water across the desk and Leach.
“My dear woman!” exclaimed Leach, jumping out of his chair. “If you please!”
Cass was too busy choking to answer.
“Sorry, Mr. Leach!” said Kendra on her behalf. “Cass, you okay?” 
Cass managed to nod. 
“Twenty. Seven. Trillion?” she gasped.
“Roughly,” reiterated Leach, dabbing at his suit with a handkerchief.
“We’ll pay for your cleaning,” assured Kendra.
“Naturally.” Leach’s tone suggested he wasn’t mollified.
Cass finally regained her composure and voice.
“You said that’s a rough estimate of what we have, liquid and easily liquified.”
“Correct,” said Leach icily.
“And that’s assuming some losses,” she continued.
“Considerable losses,” amended Leach.
“Then,” pressed Cass, “What if we considered purely liquid assets? Cash, stocks, commodities?”
“Hmm,” pondered Leach, sitting down again. “That’s somewhat easier to figure. Those assets would only come to approximately ten trillion Sonoran credits.”
“Ten trillion,” repeated Kendra hollowly.
“Give or take a trillion,” clarified Leach.
“One more question,” said Cass.
“One,” agreed Leach, his tone thin.
“What is the total value of the estate, as is, leaving everything in place?”
“It’s on page 497 of the index before you,” said the aggrieved Leach.
Cass flipped open the volume, turned to the page, and said, “Forty-two trillion Sonoran credits?”
“Forty-two trillion, one hundred six billion, seven hundred eighty-three million, two thousand, nine hundred six and thirty-one hundredths credits, as of the time of printing,” Leach said pedantically. “If you require a more precise answer, I suggest you hire a team of accountants and find it yourself! Good day!”
Still staggered, the women left the office.
“Ten trillion in cash?” confirmed Stone when they got home.
“Plus or minus a trillion,” said Kendra, still in shock. 
“Holy crap,” said Montana.
“That’s, I mean, wow, I don’t even think, wait, how much is that in dollars?” asked Mac.
“No clue,” admitted Kendra. “SARAH, what’s the conversion rate today, credits to dollars?”
“Which dollar, Kendra? Texas? Big Sky? The United States?”
“United States.” Texas and Big Sky were pegged to the States’ dollar.
“One credit is equal to twelve point eight six three dollars,” said SARAH.
“Over five hundred trillion dollars,” whistled Montana. “If you didn’t already own OutLook, I’d say buy it and throw the bitch out.”
“Funny you should say that,” smiled Kendra.

Chapter 31: Bet U Wish U Had Me Back

“Hello, Amanda.”
Talbott looked up at the figure in the doorway. “Hello, Kendra. I didn’t expect to see you here.” She slowly reached under her desk.
“Don’t bother with your security,” said Montana, walking in behind Kendra, her favorite handgun leveled. “We had a nice chat with them on the way in. Hands where I can see them.”
Talbott pulled her hand back and rested it across her wrist.
“Yes,” added Cass, strolling in behind. “It’s amazing how easily loyalties can switch.”
Talbott tapped her wrist impatiently.
“Tell me, Amanda. I’m curious.” Kendra dropped into the seat in front of Talbott. “Why did you do it? You make plenty of money, so that’s not the reason.”
“No,” Talbott disagreed. “It was the money. You might think that six hundred k annually is a lot, but –”
“You make far more than that,” Mac contradicted, taking a place against a far wall. “In fact, in the last year, you claimed nearly two point eight million.” She waved a sheaf of papers. “It’s all right here.” Mac’s nervousness manifested in the brevity of her sentences.
“And that’s just what you made from OutLook,” amended Cass, settling in next to Kendra. “How much did you manage to skim from the contracts?”
“I never took a penny –” started Talbott in outrage, but Mac cut her off.
“From what I found, she was taking at least ten percent of every contract. Skimming it right off the top.” Mac looked at Talbott, then away. “That adds up to a pretty sum.” Mac stepped back, pulled one of her ubiquitous padds from her pack, and stared down at it, tapping occasionally.
“Were you worried you were going to get caught?” purred Kendra. “Or were you trying to get in good with the new owner?”
“Because you wasted your time,” said Montana. “Either way.”
“You see, Derek is dead.” Cass dropped the news casually.
“And so is Kaine,” added Kendra.
“So you’re the only snake left,” finished Stone, making her appearance.
“Who the hell are you?” demanded Talbott.
“Ah, ah, ah!” scolded Kendra. “Sorry, Amanda, your days of demanding shit are finished.”
“You hurt a friend of mine,” said Stone. “Someone who never did anything to anyone in her life.”
“Who?” 
“Dr. Lisa Mantchev,” answered Stone.
“Who?” Talbott showed no recognition of the name.
“Oh, that’s right, you wouldn’t know her,” said a frosty Stone. “She was. What did Kaine say? “Collateral damage” trying to get to Cass.”
“See, Amanda, when you decided to turn things over to Kaine, you really fucked up,” said Kendra. “I know you’re cold and conniving, but you used to have scruples. Kaine? He was a sick bastard. To get Lisa to talk about Aiyana, he killed her husband.”
“You can’t hold that against me!” shrilled Talbott.
“Oh, yes. Yes, I can,” whispered Stone. “And I certainly do.”
““Lucky for you,” broke in Kendra. “I’ve been in the business for long enough that I know that sometimes there are accidents. Unexpected events.”
“Yes. Yes!” agreed Talbott.
“And I’ve known you for, what, ten years? Eleven? Some pretty good years in there, too, Good times, too.”
“Absolutely, you were, no, you are one of the best we have. I always appreciated what you brought to the company!” Talbott was babbling, trying everything she could think of to stay on someone’s good side.
“Which is why you have a choice,” continued Kendra.
Talbott cut herself off. “A choice?”
“Yes,” agreed Kendra. “You can get up and leave, now, with what you have with you. Walk out of the building and never, ever, return. Go wherever you want.”
Talbott wasn’t sure she liked this first option. “Or?”
“Or I let the Master Chief take you apart, one inch at a time.”
“Please choose that,” begged Stone.
“I –”
Kendra interrupted and spoke sweetly. “I may have forgotten to mention. We’re going to be watching you, so if you’re thinking revenge? Forget it. If we hear the slightest thought had even begun to speculate about the merest possibility of crossing your mind, we’ll find you. And then we’ll give you to Stone.”
Whatever Talbott’s choice was going to be was suddenly rendered moot. A shadowed figure burst into the room behind Stone, shocking her with a stunner. Before Stone hit the floor, the figure was leaping across at Montana, delivering a kick to her jaw. Montana fell, the gun skidding away.
Mac backed up, trying to draw her weapon, but the attacker punched her, first in the face, then the chest, and finally the gut, and Mac was down, gasping.
Talbott sprang from her chair and flew across the desk at Kendra, grappling for the younger woman’s throat. Kendra managed to push Talbott’s arms away with a desperate lunge, but Talbott’s momentum carried them both to the floor. Kendra wrapped her hands around Talbott’s arms, and the women started rolling on the floor, struggling for the right angle.
The last one standing, Cass found herself facing a woman nearly her height with short black hair. She had enough time to gather her wits and fell into her ginga.
“It’s not often I get to finish a job that went wrong,” said the stranger.
“Farrell! Or, what was it, Jeffries!” gasped Cass, the pieces falling into place.
“You’re quick,” admitted Jeffries. She took an experimental swing at Cass, who easily dodged it.
“Why are you here?” said Cass, still rocking side to side.
“Why? I was hired as a bodyguard,” said Jeffries. “It’s a little bit out of my usual gig, but business has been slow, and I kinda owed her one.” Jeffries threw a rapid combination at Cass, which she only partially blocked. One landed painfully on her ribs. Cass countered with a sweep of her leg, staggering Jeffries, but she stayed on her feet.
Meanwhile, Talbott pinned Kendra’s shoulders with her knees and was trying to gouge her eyes. Kendra’s arms were long enough to keep Talbott’s hands away, but sooner or later, she’d miss, and she knew it. Kendra looked around for something, anything, to break Talbott’s grip.
Cass and Jeffries were circling each other, respectful of each other’s capabilities.
Aiyana tried to reason with her. “You don’t have to do this. Talbott’s finished.”
Jeffries glanced over. “Doesn’t look like –”
Cass jumped at the break in Jeffries’s concentration, dropping her shoulder into the other woman’s chest, driving her backward and down. The breath was driven from Jeffries with an explosive whoof, but she kept her head. Jeffries slammed her hands against the sides of Cass’s head. Stunned, Cass reeled back.
“You’re done, Kendra, you’re finished!” ground out Talbott, tendons raised, muscles straining. “There wasn’t anything personal about this before, it was just a job, but now I’m going to enjoy taking you and your little bitch wife out!”
“Frak you, you snake!” screamed Kendra. With a convulsive heave, she brought her legs up and slammed her feet into Talbott’s back. Talbott tumbled forward, releasing Kendra’s shoulders. Kendra leapt up and whirled, delivering a kick to the still-stumbling Talbott’s head.
Jeffries and Cass faced each other again, panting, circling.
“You don’t. Have to. Do this,” puffed Cass.
“It’s not often I get a second chance,” repeated Jeffries. “This one’s a freebie.” 
Jeffries surged forward, hands flashing. Cass almost missed the glint of light on the blades but stepped back in time to turn a fatal slash into a painful cut.
Talbott could see that Montana was groaning on the floor, Stone was regaining control of her limbs, and Mac was pulling herself to her feet. Even through the haze in her mind, she knew if she didn’t finish this quickly, she wasn’t going to have a chance. Feigning to her left, she staggered past Kendra to the right and plunged around her desk. Fingers that were oh so slow to respond dug at a drawer, finally tugging it open and pulling out a gun.
Kendra whirled to face Talbott, spotted the gun, and converted the turn into a dive for the floor. There was no sound as the flechettes burst from the barrel, just a spreading cone of death. Kendra’s dive saved her. Mac was caught on the fringe and tumbled back to the floor, half a dozen flechettes ripping through her side.
Cass was on her game now, dancing around the edges of Jeffries’ strike zone. She couldn’t get close enough to land any blows of her own. In her opinion, keeping Jeffries at bay was a win for now.
Stone levered herself to one knee. She assessed the situation with a quick look at Mac and another at Cass. Then she charged Talbott head-down. The years Talbott spent on bureaucratic in-fighting, instead of being in the field, caught up to her. She couldn’t change her aim quickly enough to target the rapidly-moving Stone. The impact sent her flying backward, with Stone’s still-churning legs driving until she was smashed into the wall. The sound of ribs shattering was clear, and Talbott collapsed.
Jeffries turned at the thump, then turned back to Cass.
“It. Is Over,” insisted Cass. “You can still walk away.”
“No,” disagreed Jeffries. “One way or another, I’m done. You know who I am. That means you know how to find me. I’d rather go out as I started.” 
She lunged again at Cass, who flipped backward, striking upward with her feet, before landing on her hands and continuing through the somersault. The kick caught Jeffries under the chin, breaking her jaw and snapping her head violently back. Jeffries lost her balance and stumbled back, trying to spin and catch herself but only succeeding in bringing her arms in towards her body. She slammed into the floor, arms crossed underneath, and lay still.
“Ohhhh,” moaned Mac, clutching her side. Montana rolled to her, then pulled herself upright.
“Pressure,” she managed. “Apply pressure.”
Stone stood and looked at the crumpled Talbott. “This one’s sorted,” she said with satisfaction.
“Is she alive?” asked Kendra, sparing a glance as she moved to help Mac.
“Unfortunately,” said Stone. “I can fix that if you like.”
“Maybe. Aiyana?”
“I’m…okay.” The surprise in her voice was apparent.
“And Jeffries?”
“Let me check.” Cass walked cautiously to the still body, noting a spreading red stain underneath. 
“She doesn’t seem to be breathing,” she said.
“Don’t go any closer!” said Kendra. “Just in case. Hey!” 
Kendra raised her voice. “Is anyone out there? We need medics!” She tore her blouse off and wrapped it tightly around Mac’s torso.
“Hang in there,” she said. “You’re going to be fine.”
“This is why I don’t go in the field,” cracked Mac weakly. “Ow. Ow ow ow. All down my left side.”
Stone came over, dragging a whimpering Talbott. She dumped Talbott roughly on the floor by Mac’s feet.
“D’ye want me to do anything with this one?”
“Not yet,” answered Kendra. “Cris, can you move?”
“I think so,” rubbing her jaw. “My head hurts like a sonofabitch, but yeah.”
“Go get medical support,” ordered Kendra. “Tell ‘em we have five wounded, two seriously, plus maybe one dead.”
“I’ll call them from the desk,” agreed Montana. 
There wasn’t much talking. Stone remained vigilant over the prone Talbott while Kendra and Cass tended to Mac. Shortly Montana returned, a pair of medics in tow.
“Two more on the way, and we’ve got the infirmary prepping for possible surgery.”
One of the medics attended to Mac, examining the wound, while the other took a step toward Jeffries.
“Careful of that one,” warned Kendra. “She’s a trained assassin. There are all sorts of nasty tricks she might know.”
“Not my first rodeo,” said the medic.
“No shit,” said Kendra. “But – what’s your name?”
“Velez. Sally Velez.”
“Sally, take it from me. Don’t assume anything.” The tone of Kendra’s voice must have conveyed the gravity of her warning because Velez stopped, nodded, and removed a medcorder from her pack.
“I’ll start with a scan, then,” agreed Velez. She activated the device and swept it back and forth over Jeffries’s body. “I’m not picking up any life signs. There’s no respiration, no heartbeat, no brain function…wait, I do have some electrical function going on. It’s faint but regular.”
She stepped closer.
“Signal’s getting stronger,” she announced. That caught Kendra’s attention.
“What sort of signal is it?” Kendra asked, suspicious.
“I can’t tell. It’s definitely internal, regular, but not a heartbeat.”
Alarms went off in Kendra’s head.
“Out! Everyone out, now!” She grabbed Cass’s arm and pulled her upright. Montana and the other medic lifted Mac, and Stone started dragging Talbott. Kendra stopped at the door after Cass had passed through, waving at the others, when she turned and shouted at Velez, who was trying to move Jeffries.
“Leave her! Run!” 
Mac cleared the door.
Velez turned. She was shocked at the suggestion but started to move. 
Stone finished pulling Talbott across the threshold.
Then Jeffries’s body erupted in a gout of flame, expanding and engulfing the hapless medic before she managed more than a strangled cry. For the second time that day, Kendra dove for the floor as the explosion burst outward, setting the furniture and walls ablaze. She barely cleared the doorway before the fire suppression system kicked in and a fire safe door slammed down.
“Oh, crap,” breathed Montana. “Is everyone okay? Mac?”
“That sucked,” said Mac, wincing. The surviving medic was working on her wound again.
“Chief?”
“I’m good, though this bint is in a bit rougher shape.” Stone couldn’t manage to make her voice contain any sympathy.
“Cass? Kendra?”
“I’m good,” said Kendra. “A little singed, and really, really pissed.”
“What was that?” asked a horrified Cass.
“A last resort,” answered Kendra.
“A what?”
Kendra shook her head in disbelief and denial. “Remember I said that most assassination contracts call for one attempt and done?” Aiyana nodded. “A few, especially the contracts taken out for “honor,” call for total success or nothing. To guarantee it, some professional assassins have one installed in their body. Its usually an explosive, but I’ve heard of biological or chemical agents being used as well.”
“That’s just sick! Why?”
“Fulfill the contract.”
“My God. Do you have one?” said a shocked Cass.
“Oh, Zeus take it, no! As far as I know, OutLook never condoned them for our agents. But we weren’t freelancers. The only reason to have one is to take out your target after failing, and we don’t plan for failure. Not like that, at least.”
“That’s disturbing on so many levels,” said Cass.
“Beyond killing Velez – and that’s going to stay with me for a long, long time - what’s annoying is that she just managed to torch all of Talbott’s files,” continued Kendra.
“No,” disagreed Mac.
“You need to be quiet,” said the medic.
The quick response team arrived to deal with the fire before Mac could reassert herself. There was too much activity going on, too many extra ears, for them to talk freely, so the conversation changed to more mundane matters.
It wasn’t until much later, in the infirmary, with Talbott under sedation and everyone’s wounds and battle damage treated, that the thread was picked up again.
“Okay, Mac. You said that not all of Talbott’s files were lost. Explain,” said Kendra.
“Well, there’s nothing I could do about anything paper she had, although you’ll want to get in there to check out her desk, something inside might have survived, or there might be a safe or a cabinet that wasn’t damaged, but we knew we were missing a bunch of her files, they weren’t in the main computer or any of the backup cores, well I figured out why, she had an independent server, and the only logical place for it to be was her office, so as soon as I could I started a scan, that’s what I was doing with my padd, because no matter if it was insulated from perception outside she couldn’t completely block it inside, not without turning it into a brick, and that would make in inconvenient and I know Talbott, she hates inefficiency, sure enough I picked it up, she didn’t have much security on it, she must have figured that being physically isolated was enough, we ought to ask her when she wakes up, and I was able to tap into it before everything went to hell, I linked it to my personal core in my quarters here and stripped it clean, so we actually have all of her electronic records.”
“Mac, you are brilliant!” Kendra wrapped her in a hug until Mac squeaked.
“Ow!”
Kendra dropped her quickly. “Sorry!”
“It’s okay, Kendra. I know you didn’t mean it.”
“We need to know what you pulled,” Kendra continued. “Can your core do smart searches?”
“Oh, some, it’s not really an AI, just a well-trained core, but I can get SARAH to do a search, it won’t take her any time if you don’t mind her doing it.”
“Go ahead, go ahead!”
“And what do we do with Talbott?” said Stone. “I don’t mind you letting the medics stop her from dying. Much. But you’re not just going to let her off, are you?”
“Oh, no. It can wait for tomorrow.”
Mac’s wounds were the most serious. The darts that hit her had been simple penetrators, nothing explosive or toxic. Their lethality lay in their quantity, and the half-dozen that managed to embed themselves, though painful, weren’t fatal. Cass’s slash required some cleaning and a quick application of artificial skin but would heal readily enough. Montana had lost a tooth, and neither Kendra nor Stone had suffered more than bruises.
Talbott’s injuries proved to be nearly fatal. The broken ribs weren’t dangerous, but one shard punctured a lung and caused extensive internal hemorrhaging. The impact with the wall caused her brain to swell. Blood loss, combined with brain bruising, pushed her into a coma. Fortunately for her, OutLook’s medical staff was skilled at traumatic injuries and stabilized her, stopped the bleed, and relieved the pressure on her brain. She was expected to make a full recovery, eventually.
Her office was a total loss. The explosion and subsequent fire had consumed everything organic or flammable, down to the permacrete walls. There was an old safe embedded in a wall, which Kendra ordered opened. When the mechanical lock was picked, the only items revealed were documents dating back to the building’s use as a Mint. They were historically interesting but practically useless.
Her computer records, however, were a treasure trove. SARAH and Mac stripped out all the files dealing with HLC, Kaine, Cass, and Kendra in short order. A quick review hadn’t revealed any surprising details. However, Mac estimated it would take at least a week to follow all the possible leads. 
In the meantime, business at OutLook continued as usual. Talbott’s incapacitation and the story of her treasonous activities ran rampant. To put some order in place, Kendra claimed the Directorship, and the staff accepted her, at least temporarily. That would have to change, as Kendra had no intention of getting tied down in the day-to-day minutiae of what suddenly seemed like a tiny company.
Talbott emerged from her coma but was kept strictly isolated. Nobody was allowed to talk to her alone. Mac’s toys monitored the room continually, and someone – usually Stone – was present whenever Talbott was being cared for.
A day later, Mac announced that she’d finished going through the files and could present her information any time Kendra wanted. Before she could start her usual free-form spiel, Kendra said, “Mac, just tell me this: are there any active contracts on me?”
“No,” said Mac.
“Cass?”
“No.”
“Anyone else in our group? Any of the agents who helped us, any of our friends, family, coworkers?”
“No. Talbott didn’t have any other contracts like that. There are more off-the-books contracts, and there’s a whole bunch that she was skimming from.”
“Get me a list of those contracts and the people who hired her.”
The medics finally decided that Talbott could be released a full week later. Kendra had her brought up to the main conference room late that afternoon.
“Hello, Amanda.” Kendra was pleasant enough when Stone escorted her in.
“Kendra.” Talbott hissed the name as she was seated.
“How are you feeling?”
Talbott spat on the table in reply.
“Oh, please. You lost. You can spare me the histrionics.”
“Are you my executioners then?” Talbott glanced at the solemn faces around the table: Kendra, Cass, Mac, Montana. Stone stood behind her in case she had any odd ideas.
“Hardly,” said Kendra. “No, we’re not going to execute you. As long as you behave, I promise you you’ll have the opportunity to walk out of the building a free woman, unharmed. No, this is more what you could call a separation interview.”
“You’ll forgive me if I don’t take your word at face value.”
“Oh, Amanda. Which of the two of us has never lied to the other? I’ll give you a hint: it isn’t you. You shouldn’t worry about my word, but rather what you need to do to get out of here.” Kendra’s eyes flicked to Stone. “I’m not going to pretend there aren’t people here who would love to put you in a shallow grave, but they’ve all agreed not to as long as you behave.”
Talbott remained defiant. “I’m not going to tell you anything.”
“I didn’t ask you to,” replied Kendra. “I don’t need you to.”
Now Talbott was confused. “Then what do you want?”
“Your promise you will never, ever, act against me, my wife, my family, my friends, and my interests.” Kendra leaned back with a satisfied smile.
“Is that all?” scoffed Talbott.
“That’s all. And there’s no wiggle room there, Amanda. You can’t drop hints to someone or provide anonymous tips. You will obey the spirit of this agreement, not just the letter.”
“Or what?”
“Or I give the Master Chief permission to find you and put you down like a rabid dog.” Kendra shrugged. “Like I said, it’s your choice. I’m not bothered one way or another, but anything we might have had? We’re finished. Paid. Books balanced.”
Aiyana resisted glancing at Kendra. She and Talbott had a history? That was for later.
“You said separation interview,” stalled Talbott.
“Yes. You see, there’s been a change of management at OutLook. Specifically, we own it now, all legal and proper.”
“Oh, bullshit! You don’t have the money to buy OutLook.”
“I didn’t say anything about buying it, just that we own it. The details aren’t important, though. What you need to concentrate on is this. The new ownership feels having a director who routinely skims percentages from the contracts, inflates prices, and takes contracts off the books is bad for business and our reputation. As such, we have no recourse but to remove the director – you, Amanda, in case I wasn’t clear – from her position. Effective immediately.”
“You can’t do this!” Talbott protested.
“Oh, I assure you, we can. Can’t we, Aiyana?”
“Definitely. I completely concur with my co-owner’s position.”
“But I have a contract!”
“Mac?”
“Director Talbott, you do have a contract, but you are in violation of several clauses of that contract, specifically B three b, B four a, C nineteen D subsection two, and, oh, about a dozen other minor clauses, plus the fact your contract was with the prior ownership group, and there’s language which relates to your situation, specifically that all employees contracted directly by the owners have their contracts voided in the case of a change in ownership, with the stipulation that all impacted employees, if not retained under a new contract, receive two month’s severance pay, plus any accrued bonuses.”
“Mac worked it all out for you,” said Cass, pulling out a form. “At the bottom, and we’ll be done.”
“I’m not signing anything!” Talbott pushed the paper away from her.
Montana spoke for the first time. “You might want to think about it. What that is –” She gestured at the form. “- Is a statement of separation, written purely based on the change of ownership. It doesn’t say anything about your deals, your skims, nothing. It doesn’t even have a non-compete clause. You could go and set up your own shop if you wanted.”
“And it has the number of a Las Vegas numbered account,” added Kendra. “Two months’ salary, plus bonuses, plus the bonuses you might have earned in those two months given the average rate of contract completion. A pretty tidy sum. Deposited in your name, in gold, and payable upon demand.”
“Gold?” asked Talbott, finally interested.
“You can check yourself,” said Montana. “Here, I’ll put it on speaker so everyone can hear.” She connected with the depository and went through the authorization. Finally, the automated voice announced the balance in gold, as promised.
“Or you can choose what’s behind door number two,” said Kendra. “Don’t sign, and we throw you out with nothing. We can’t prosecute you for anything you did, but we can sure as hell guarantee you don’t get a job in this business, ever.”
“You’ve learned how to negotiate,” confessed Talbott in the most natural tone she’d had since entering the room. “I’ll sign.”
“You have chosen wisely,” intoned Kendra. “Oh, you don’t need a pen, just a thumbprint there, above your name. It’s reactive paper and will take the imprint. Good, perfect. Mac, will you make sure she has a copy?”
“I’ve already emailed it to her personal account.”
“Maybe I should mention what happens if you violate your agreement,” mused Kendra. 
“What, you send your apes after me?”
“Oh, no, nothing like that. I’m firmly opposed to violence as a first resort.”
“Much to my annoyance,” reminded Stone.
“No, what we’ll do is worse.” Kendra leaned forward, her gaze and tone hard.
“First, we’re going to shut you out of every bank account you have, freeze your credit, and basically cut you off. Then we’ll pull the files on every assignment you gave out while Director. Suppose the agents did anything illegal at your direction. In that case, even if it was jaywalking, we’ll report it to the appropriate country. OutLook might be immune since it’s in the Border States, but you don’t have immunity as an ex-employee.” 
Talbott paled at this. OutLook almost always operated on the fringes of the law, no matter what country the agents were in. It was the nature of their profession. Since the company was officially extralegal, those countries couldn’t effectively retaliate, even if they didn’t use OutLook’s services themselves. Once an agent left, they were vulnerable to prosecution if their activities ever came to light. As the director, Talbott could be held liable for everything.
“Ah,” is all she said.
“Wait, I’m not done,” said Kendra maliciously. “We’ll also let all of the primaries who you cheated by skimming off your percentage know exactly what you did, how much it cost them, and where to find you.” She paused. “Now I’m done.”
“Oh.”
“Exactly. Oh. And in case you think you can drop off the grid, go to ground, and somehow slip away? Not a chance. I won’t tell you how, but you are never, ever, going to be out of our sight. Think of us as Sauron.”
“Who?”
“Sauron? The evil – you know, just go find out yourself.” Kendra stood, all business now. “We’re done here. Talbott, you have ten minutes to clear out anything you want from your quarters, then we will have you escorted off the property. After that, you’re on your own.”
“Wait, I need more than ten minutes!” Talbott wobbled to her feet, still weak.
“You’re wasting time. Don’t worry. The clock doesn’t start until you reach your room, and we’ve taken the liberty of packing for you. Might be a little messy, but…” Kendra shrugged, dismissing any concern Talbott might think of offering. “Joe, DiFiore, Cross, you’re in charge of the former Director. Make sure she follows the timetable.”
“Yes, ma’am!” snapped Buckley.
“Oh, Joe?”
“Yes, ma’am?”
“Try not to lose the other foot. The new one looks good on you, but you can’t dance on two artificial feet.”
“I can’t dance anyway. You of all people know that.” Buckley turned to Talbott. “Come on, let’s go.” Flanked by the three agents, Talbott left.
“That’s not so bad,” admitted Montana. “I thought you’d do worse to her.”
“Oh, I wasn’t particularly merciful. Did you hear me say anything about an APV?”
“Now that you mention it, no.”
“No, I specifically said she would walk out of the building a free woman. I always keep my word. But I didn’t say anything past that.” Kendra shrugged. “She’s a snake. I figure that the gators might not bother another cold-blooded creature, but the nightwalkers won’t be so picky.”
Aiyana picked up where Kendra left off. “If she does survive the night, Mac arranged to implant a tracker in her during her recovery. It’s bioelectrically powered and in one of the ribs that broke. Quick heal will have set it and regrown fresh bone around it, so removing it will be major surgery, even if it’s detected. It taps into her nervous system, so what she knows, what she does, we’ll know, for the rest of her life. However long that might be.”
Kendra nodded, satisfied. “On other matters. Cris, we have a new job for you.”
“Anything,” agreed Montana.
“You’re the new Director of OutLook,” said Cass.
“And Mac is your Assistant Director, to keep an eye on all the tech,” added Kendra.
“We figure between the two of you, there’s nothing you don’t have covered,” whipsawed Cass.
“If you can’t break it,” said Kendra.
“Mac can gizmo it,” added Cass.
“You’re a natural leader,” continued Kendra.
“And your fellow agents respect you,” finished Cass. They shared a grin before Kendra took over.
“Seriously. We were both impressed by what you did putting together a team on the fly and how you managed everyone. That shows skills I don’t think you realized you had. And Mac, you are so much more than the tech geek you claim to be. Your talents are being wasted as just an agent.”
“What do you say?” asked Cass. “And unless it’s yes, you’d better think carefully.”
Montana hesitated for just a moment. “It’s a huge honor,” she began.
“There better not be a “but” here,” said Kendra.
“No, no “but,”” said Montana. “I accept. On three conditions.”
“Conditions, even,” said Cass. “What conditions?”
“One, you come and teach capoeira to everyone,” she said to Cass.
Aiyana shook her head. 
“I’d love to, but I’m not qualified.” She held up a hand to forestall an argument. “How about I arrange for Master Ruiva Alta to come and teach? Starting with Master Cordova. And I’ll come as often as I can to check in and do a little one-on-one.”
Montana nodded. “That works for me. Okay, two, I want Master Chief Stone on the staff here.”
“Director, remember? If you want to hire her, that’s up to you. And it’s not our decision,” said Kendra. “If she says yes, of course you can have her. Mikki?”
“What position are you thinking?” asked Stone.
“If I’m running the show, I need someone else to take over my specialty.”
“Hurting people and breaking things?” Stone said, relishing the opportunity.
“And training agents to do that,” agreed Montana. “No field gigs, unless you want them.”
“No,” said Stone. “If nothing else, the past few weeks have shown me that I’m really getting too old for this shit. If you want me, I’m in.”
“That’s two. What’s three?”
“You two don’t just drop this place because you’ve got other things to do.”
Kendra and Cass nearly gave themselves sore necks, shaking their heads violently.
“Never!” said Cass. “After what we’ve been through?”
“Ohana,” was all Kendra said.
“Ohana?” echoed Montana. 
“Ohana means family. You’re our family now, Cris, and you too Mac, and you, Mikki. We don’t leave family behind. Ever.”
“That’s what all of this has been about,” said Cass, hugging Kendra. “You do anything you need to protect your family. And our family just got a whole lot bigger.”
Epilogue: New Modern Love

Montana took to the Directorship as naturally as a duck to water. What she called her Command Team was a finely meshed unit. Stone handled combat skills training, meaning that the OutLook agents, already superior to the majority of their competitors, were soon incomparably better. Mac’s software and hardware skills, though harder to teach, still found fertile ground in a good number of agents. OutLook’s reputation as the premier organization for getting complex jobs done well blossomed.
Most of what became known as Team Montana returned to their positions with OutLook, spinning tales and collecting beers from anyone foolish enough to contradict their stories. Four stayed in Los Alamos, though, choosing to become the personal guards for Cass and Ken: Sanzari, Michael, Elle, and Alivia. To nobody’s surprise, Elle and Alivia finally admitted what had been apparent to everyone else. They moved in together, though they insisted that they wouldn’t get married.
Cass gave them three months.
Lisa’s life returned to something near normal. Eventually, she accepted a position at the venerable Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. There she designed a system to take advantage of the immense potential energy available in the oceans, providing power to ocean-going habitats. She returned to Los Alamos frequently, staying with Cass and Ken whenever she visited.
Kendra visited Dick often in Las Vegas, frequently with Aiyana, and he would embarrass Kendra no end by telling stories from their shared history. Kendra eventually persuaded him to take on an apprentice, arguing that his skills were too valuable to lose. Her choice? Joe Buckley. He agreed he really ought to get out of the field while he was still in more or less one piece.
As for Talbott, she made it out of New Orleans to collect her pay. After that, she lay low, unwilling to risk crossing Kendra and Aiyana again. She may have dreamed of revenge, but that’s all they were. She never worked in the business again.
Aiyana and Kendra eventually decided that trading last names was simply too confusing for everyone, including themselves. Aiyana dropped the “Foster-Briggs,” returning to Cassidy, which Kendra also retained. The Cassidy’s kept as low profile as their sudden wealth could manage and managed to live reasonably everyday lives. Much to the dismay of Archie Leach, they hired him to change the inheritance rules of the D.D. Harriman Trust.
“I refuse – refuse – to burden any child of mine with the name Delos!” insisted Aiyana, and Kendra supported her. As it happened, their first child, carried by Kendra, was a girl. Their second, carried by Aiyana, was also a girl. Mikki Cristina Cassidy and Lisa Amanda Cassidy never knew how fortunate they were.
Aiyana’s theory proved out in testing. The only limitation was power, as the energy requirements of the process grew geometrically with the distance. It meant her transporter could be used to get from one point to another anywhere on the planet and as far into space as geosynchronous orbit but couldn’t push farther than that. 
There was blowback from all sides of the transportation industry, but she had the money to withstand the assaults. Cass demonstrated the safety and reliability of her design by sending herself through fourteen portals, scattered across the globe and in low Earth orbit, in five minutes. But she also emphasized that, for bulk transport, other, traditional methods – tube, train, semi-ballistic – were more cost-effective. That ended most of the opposition.
Kendra spent most of her time supervising the warp vessel Mac discovered in her cybersnooping. As promised, she named it Enterprise. Much to Kendra’s regret, she gave up her Hoosac hideaway. “Getting in and out of the People’s Republic is just too much of a pain in my ass,” she said after a particularly arduous border crossing. She turned it over to OutLook. Kendra flatly refused to give up the Bugatti, though. For years whenever they could, Kendra would take Aiyana out in it and drive and drive.
It was a blissful time.
In 2118, representatives of the United Earth government approached Aiyana. They needed help with a problem with the Artemis Colony on Luna.
But that’s another story.


THE END

For now

Author’s Afterword

I don’t know where to start about this book you hold in your hands. This was a tale that just screamed to be told, so one day I sat down and started telling it. Weeks and weeks later, lo and behold, there were a whole lot of words on the paper (well, on the screen) and something resembling a coherent story. I hope you enjoy getting to know Cass and Ken as much as I did writing about them.
As is usual, this book couldn’t have been written without the help of many, MANY people. So, and in no particular order:
All the science fiction writers I’ve had the privilege of meeting, talking with, and, most of all, reading. You got me onto this track many, many years ago. Thank you for sharing your dreams and imaginings. I’ve stuffed this story as full of references and Easter eggs as I possibly could. This is my attempt to honor these authors; after all, Heinlein himself referenced filing the serial numbers off a known story – or was that Stephen King? Or maybe both? On any road, special attention goes to Robert Heinlein, Spider Robinson, David Weber, Isaac Asimov, and Douglas Adams. They all bent, spindled, and mutilated my child’s imagination in ways that only an expert in n-dimensional theory could untangle!
Amanda McAllister and Cristina Montana – you let me take your name and TOTALLY turn you into someone else. Hope you like yourself – or at least your avatar!
NaNoWriMo – okay, not a person. Not even close. But, again, it pushed me to get stuff down on paper (even if I had problems staying on task!) and gave me a goal to strive for.
My family – yes, Dad is crazy. But don’t worry. It’s a GOOD crazy.
I would be remiss if I didn’t mention all those who volunteered to be redshirted, tuckerized, or gasp buckleyed in the story: Amanda Talbott, Joe Buckley (yes, he’s a real person, poor guy), Jason Cordova, Katie Williams, Candice Sanzari, Alivia Anders (sorry about that), Tara Henderson, Kevin J. Anderson (you DID volunteer), Lisa Mantchev, Keith Glass, Jerald Olp, Jesse Monegain, Sarah Hansen, Dominique Goodall, Dani Drake, Chris Nuttall, William Katzell, Maria DiFiore, Jacqueline Cross, Michael Z. Williamson, and Jessica Sawa – names make such a difference, even the best author can’t duplicate the variety that reality presents!
A thank you to YOU, my readers, because, well, none of this would mean a thing without you!
Finally. Michaela. My wife has been infinitely patient and understanding as I completed this story, putting up with some borderline antisocial behavior. If you enjoyed the ride, you need to thank her because without her you would never have gotten here.

Adam
Check out the website at https://www.cassidychronicles.com 

“Writing is antisocial. It’s as solitary as masturbation. Disturb a writer when he is in the throes of creation and he is likely to turn and bite right to the bone... and not even know that he’s doing it. As writers” wives and husbands often learn to their horror...There is no way that writers can be tamed and rendered civilized. Or even cured. In a household with more than one person, of which one is a writer, the only solution known to science is to provide the patient with an isolation room, where he can endure the acute stages in private, and where food can be poked in to him with a stick. Because, if you disturb the patient at such times, he may break into tears or become violent. Or he may not hear you at all... and, if you shake him at this stage, he bites...” – Robert A. Heinlein




Keep reading for a peek at The Road to the Stars 
(The Cassidy Chronicles Volume 2)





Chapter One

“I’m telling you, if we don’t do something, three-quarters of the population of Earth will be dead within twenty years, tops!”
“And I’m telling you that we don’t have the resources to do anything about it!”
The argument was taking place in the United Earth Director of Distribution’s office, in the Norman Borlaug Building, in Geneva. The Distribution Directorate had become the most influential faction in the UE bureaucracy over the past decades, primarily due to the UE policy of providing a Basic Living Stipend to its citizens. Thus, though a General Secretary and other positions were officially higher-ranking than the Directorships, the actual reins of power passed through Distribution.
The Honorable Mya Arabella Hartman, Ph.D. (Agronomy), currently held that position, had done so for several years, and looked to maintain a firm grip on it for the foreseeable future. She was a serious-looking brunette in her forties, wearing a business suit that was just this side of severe. Her opponent today was the Assistant Director for Procurement, Theodore O’Quinn. A lanky ginger, he matched her seriousness with his own intensity and continued shaking his head.
“The reason we’re going to starve is the same reason we can’t do anything about it. Everything we need to maintain a high-production agricultural sector, everything we could use to mount any sort of resistance, has either been ‘donated’ to the Solarian Union or is being bought by agents outside the UE’s control!” The disgust in his tone was unmistakable.
In the century since the Artemis Accords, the balance of power in the Solar System tilted further in favor of the outplanets, away from Earth. The Accords had given first rights to all signatories’ production of palladium, platinum, rhodium, yttrium, lanthanum, and a whole laundry list of other minerals to the then-struggling colonies. It was initially seen as a measure of mercy since the difficulty in kick-starting a high-tech manufacturing industry off-Earth was nearly insurmountable without support.
As the years progressed, savvy Artemis administrators had consistently downplayed their capabilities. They insisted the continued exports from Earth were the only way to ensure the growing colony’s survival, even as the erstwhile colony was dispatching ships of its own to the asteroids and to Mars. To the ever-increasing concerns of the United Earth government, which had succeeded the United Nations in 2071, the Artemis Colony always presented reasonable explanations. 
“It’s more economical to build spacecraft in a vacuum.”
“Our people, having grown up dealing with space, are far more suited to working in these conditions than Earthborn astronauts.”
“We’re exploring the system to find reliable sources so we can stop depending on the Earth.”
Eventually, the explanations stopped as the ability of the United Earth to resist declined. The shipments of ores continued as Terrestrial laborers transported them to launch facilities, which then shuttled the precious minerals off-planet. Old mines were scoured for the most trivial traces, new mines dug, and the vast scrapheaps and landfills were picked over.
By the time the United Earth realized their predicament, it was too late. The Artemesians, allied with the Martian and Titan colonies, were the de facto government outside the Earth’s atmosphere and demonstrated their reach by destroying the planes carrying a UE strike force. They did this with a kinetic bombardment from orbit, targeting the planes with guided lumps of iron, accelerated by the gravity well. That was the end of any organized attempt to stop the extractions and the unofficial birth of the Solarian Union.
“Everything is running ragged,” continued O’Quinn. “The Union takes the metals we mine, so we can’t repair the equipment that fails. Many of the systems are running on emergency backups now. If those go, the system is going to start to collapse!”
“So what do you suggest?” said Roosevelt Lynch. He was the Director of the Protective Services of the UE, essentially the head of what little military there was. His background was evident. His hair was going to grey and his mahogany skin bore the scars of too many unfortunate encounters, but his body wore the business suit like it would be more comfortable in camouflage. “We can’t get to them, we can’t organize the locals, hell, we can’t even spit in their faces since they never come dirtside!”
“We could force the non-signatories to provide the metals to us exclusively,” said O’Quinn, tentatively.
Lynch shook his head. “We don’t have the kind of muscle we’d need to project a force like that, even if we were sure that the Union wouldn’t just drop rocks on us for the attempt.”
“There’s also the question of legality,” added Hartman. “The UE was created to bring the nations of the world together peacefully, willingly, voluntarily. If we use our strength to bend the non-UE countries to our will, how are we any better than the Union?”
Lynch nodded his agreement.
“Add to that the legal requirements of the Amendment,” continued Hartman. “As long as they demonstrate a need, we are obligated to provide the metals to them. Any metals we receive by our – our - our conquest will only be lost to the Union.”
“That’s bullshit, and you know it!” Lynch snarled. “All we have is their word that they can’t fill their internal demand. It’s not like we can go up and inspect! Not only that, but the Union’s fleet of merchants, escorts, shuttles, habitats, you name it, just keeps growing. No wonder they need more and more metals, even though we know damned well that they produce more in a month from the asteroids than Earth does in a year!”
“That is a problem,” admitted Hartman. “But what can we do about it? We have thirteen billion people in the UE and another four billion in the unaffiliated countries. Most of them spend much of their lives barely surviving. They work at the reclamation yards, mines, and refineries. Those who don’t are engaged in agriculture, which has regressed to little better than early twentieth-century tech. We can barely keep them all fed in a good year, and that’s with imports from outside the UE. There’s nothing we can do from down here.”
“Maybe that’s the problem,” said O’Quinn.
“Of course it’s the problem!” erupted Hartman. “We inherited a broken system from the old United Nations! We can’t escape from the antiquated and, frankly, disastrous treaties and protocols they generously gave us. The biggest mistake the UE ever made was to agree to take on the obligations of the UN unconditionally! Now, we’re stuck with it.”
“Actually, I have an idea,” admitted O’Quinn. He looked to the Director. “Madame Director, may I access your systems?”
“What for?” she asked.
“I have a presentation,” he replied.
“Go ahead,” she waved. “At this point, what can it hurt?”
O’Quinn bustled about for a minute, then announced, “Ready.”
The lights in the office dimmed, and a wall screen, which had been emulating a window, changed to the words, “Operation Take Back the Night.”
“Very poetic,” dryly remarked Lynch. “With what?”
“I’ll get to that,” said O’Quinn. The words changed:
“Problem: Solarian Union control of orbitals.”
The words blurred and changed again:
“Problem: Solarian Union treaties.”
And again:
“Problem: Inability to organize openly.”
“We know all this shit,” said Lynch. “Is there a point coming soon?”
“Maybe if you just explained it, instead of this little dog-and-pony show?” suggested Hartman.
O’Quinn grinned sheepishly. 
“It helped me think it all through,” he said. “But I’ve been working on this for a while, so I can probably do without it.” He turned off the presentation.
“The Solarian Union holds the orbitals. From there, they make their demands for the metals that they claim they’re owed due to the Artemis Accords and Amendment, right?” He didn’t wait for either of the others to corroborate his statement but continued on. “Since they hold the orbitals, any time we try to organize any resistance, all they do is drop rocks on us until everyone’s dead or demoralized.” He took a deep breath.
“We need a way to take back the orbitals without the Union knowing we’re about to do it.”
“You can state the obvious, but I could get one of my assistants to do that if I wanted smoke blown up my ass,” snapped Lynch, standing. “Madame Director –”
“Sit down, Mr. Lynch!” snapped Hartman. She wasn’t more impressed than Lynch, but O’Quinn was one of hers.
Surprised, Lynch did.  Gently, Hatman said, “Mr. O’Quinn, are you proposing we go to war with the Union?”
“Yes,” answered O’Quinn flatly. “Madame Director, we’re already at war with them, and we’re losing. The only difference is that we’ve allowed them to bring the war to us and dictate the terms it is fought. Right now, it has been almost purely diplomatic and economical.”
“And you think the solution is to bring the war to them?” continued Hartman.
“It’s the only way we can win,” he answered.
Hartman sat in thought for several long minutes. Finally, she nodded. “Possibly, I agree. The Secretary can be convinced, as can the other Directors. But this is a huge gamble for the planet and for our own necks. Keep that in mind, Mr. O’Quinn.”
“Cer-certainly!” stammered O’Quinn. “I actually got the idea from an ancient television show –”
“Television?” asked Lynch, incredulously.
“It was a form called anime,” continued O’Quinn. “Science fiction and they really looked at what seemed to be impossible. But in this show, the problem was a group of alien invaders dropping bombs on the planet. The surface was ruined, and everyone was living underground.”
“Doesn’t sound like anything we have now,” said Hartman. 
“No, not as such, but the point was they had to work undercover, underground, to be safe from the bombs. I got to thinking, if we organized underground, did our building underground, the Union wouldn’t know what we’re doing.”
“Possibly,” said Lynch, looking interested for the first time. “Possibly. Their gravitic imaging systems will make that trickier, but if we go deep enough.” 
His voice trailed off in thought before he shook his head. “No good. To be shielded, we’d have to be under at least a hundred meters of solid rock. Less, if we had iron ores mixed through, but if we’re building a spaceship down there, well, it wouldn’t be much good if we couldn’t get it to the surface.”
“What about under the oceans?”
“Hmm? Well, water is more transparent to GI systems, but, oh, maybe half a kilometer? I’d have to check. But that’s a whole other set of problems.”
“And advantages,” said O’Quinn. “If we’re building underwater, then we have to deal with pressure, right?”
“Right.”
“Which is similar in scope to dealing with a vacuum.”
“Hmm.”
“How do you intend to engineer these spaceships? As you’ve noted, the Union gets all the metals that would be used in high-tech applications. I would think spaceships would require a huge quantity of them?” asked Hartman.
“Engineering will be a challenge,” said O’Quinn. “But I do have a solution. I propose that we strip every last bit of material out of machinery that we can replace with, ah, let’s call them, “less advanced” versions.”
“Go from aircars to horse and buggy?” sneered Lynch.
“Not quite that dramatic,” argued O’Quinn. “But to a degree, yes. Let me ask you, what is the one resource we have in abundance?” Both Lynch and Hartman looked puzzled.
“Humanity. As you pointed out, Madame Director, we have thirteen billion people in the UE. Let’s use that pool!”
“Are you really suggesting turning untrained crews loose to do work on the seabed?”
“No, not for those jobs, at least not primarily. Right now, we have engineers, skilled mechanics, and other highly trained professionals babying all the tech used in farming, aquaculture, and other subsistence programs. If we remove the tech –”
“I see!” interjected Hartman. “By stepping backward, technologically, we don’t need the same level of expertise to maintain production.”
“We might even increase it,” O’Quinn elaborated. “If we allow the workers to directly benefit from the crops and foods they help grow, won’t they work just a bit harder to make sure that everything keeps going?”
Hartman was nodding.
“It goes against the principle that everyone contributes to the good of the whole,” she mused. “But for this purpose, we could be flexible. Yes. I think that could work,” she agreed. 
“And what do we tell the Union?” said Lynch. “They’ll be able to see what we do when we pull the current equipment and replace it.”
“We do it gradually, and we tell them the truth: we’re replacing machinery that we can’t maintain with more robust versions.”
“And when they ask for the salvage metals?”
O’Quinn shrugged. “We’re allowed under the Amendment to keep a certain percentage for vital infrastructure. There’s no way that they can argue that agriculture and food production aren’t vital.”
“So we have an idea to build spaceships, a place to build them, a way to get the materials to make the guts of the ships, and a workforce,” summarized Hartman. “One minor issue. How do we get enough materials to build the hulls? Aren’t they usually titanium?”
Lynch nodded.
“And titanium is right at the top of the list of metals the Union claims,” finished Hartman.
“I have a couple ideas about that. First is, we don’t build the hulls. We salvage them,” answered O’Quinn.
“Salvage? There haven’t been a half-dozen uncontrolled reentries since the first colonists landed at Artemis. And those usually burn up. There wouldn’t be enough to build a single orbital vehicle, let alone anything that will be able to take a war to them,” protested Lynch.
“Not that kind of salvage. You’re right. There isn’t enough forged titanium on the planet to make the kind of forces we need, even if we stripped every gram. No, what we do is salvage wet navy ships.”
“Now I know you’ve flipped!” burst out Lynch. “That is the most ridiculous idea I’ve ever heard! You want to take ships – steel ships, I might add, which is considerably heavier than titanium - and turn them into spaceships?”
“Yes, that’s exactly what I want to do!” snapped O’Quinn. “I’ve run all the numbers, and it can work!”
“And how do you intend to get these ships to the bottom of the ocean without the Union noticing us moving them? Or do you have a brilliant plan to deal with that? Madame Director –” pleaded Lynch. 
“I agree. This fantasy has gone far enough,” said Hartman, standing. “You have wasted far too much of my time, Mr. O’Quinn. Get out of my office. If this is the best solution you can create, then you can be assured that you will be leaving this department immediately.”
“The United States Second Fleet!” said O’Quinn desperately. That froze both Hartman and Lynch.
“What are you talking about?” demanded Hartman.
“It’s a fleet that sank at anchor in 2098,” said Lynch. “Hurricane Alondra. Worst naval disaster in that country’s history.” He frowned, thinking. “They were off…Mobile, I think.”
O’Quinn nodded.
“So it’s a sunken fleet. So what?” said Hartman.
“It’s a relatively modern fleet,” said O’Quinn. “It’s in water that’s shallow enough to allow for recovery. That’s how we get them in place, without the Union noticing,” he directed to Lynch. “And it’s been relatively untouched in the twenty years since they sank.”
“Why?” asked Hartman.
“Hurricane Alondra devastated most of the New Confederacy,” said Lynch. “The United States had blockaded their southern cities, like New Orleans, Mobile, and Pensacola, using the Second Fleet. They didn’t take them off station until they knew Alondra was moving in, for whatever reason. Even then, they only ordered them to gather in Mobile Bay, and most of the ships were overwhelmed by the storm. The ongoing low-level hostilities between the US and the New Confederacy kept anyone from doing recovery work.”
“So we go in and, what, turn sunken ships into spacecraft?” scoffed Lynch.
“More or less,” agreed O’Quinn. “The largest ones. Look, it’s perfect. They’re easily accessed, still in good condition, and didn’t sink because they had huge holes blown in them. They were just overwhelmed by waves and weather.”
“The United States is a signatory to the Artemis Accords,” mused Hartman. “But they’re not part of the UE. In fact, I don’t think any of the countries on that continent are, except for Canada.” She thought some more. “We might have trouble claiming jurisdiction over the wrecks.”
“They’re in Mobile Bay. That means that the New Confederacy will want to have a say since that’s definitely territorial waters.” Lynch didn’t look happy about that.
“If we went public, we would,” said O’Quinn. “We’re not going public. This is all sub rosa; if it isn’t, if the Union hears about it, we’re done for.”
“This is lunacy,” said Lynch, but there was a thoughtful look in his eyes.
“Which is all we have left,” countered O’Quinn. “Twenty years, remember? And that includes the unaffiliated countries, so if they want to save their asses, they’ll support us, if only by not opposing us.”
“That’s a good point,” said Hartman. “If we move forward with this at all – and that’s a huge if – we’ll need to get the support of the North American nations, if for no other reason than they’re the only ones who aren’t crippled by the Artemis Accords.”
“If they’re not crippled, why would they agree to support us?” argued Lynch. 
“They might not be crippled,” agreed O’Quinn. “But they’re certainly hampered by the restrictions the Accords impose on the rest of the world.”
“You said you had other ideas?” said Hartman. “If the salvage idea turns out to be too difficult.”
“There is one company we might be able to convince to help us,” said O’Quinn. “They provide most of the lift out of the gravity well, which means they’re the only company that is currently building spacecraft in any quantity. If they throw in with us, then we can use their existing manufacturing facilities to build ships for us.”
“I think that’s a better option,” said Lynch firmly. “Even if your Second Fleet is in the condition you think it is, converting them to spacecraft wouldn’t be just difficult; it would be a nightmare.”
“Why didn’t you start with that idea? What’s the company called?” said Hartman.
“Heavy Lift Corporation,” answered O’Quinn. “And they’re the problem. They have close ties to the Union since they do most of the lifting to orbit. I don’t know if we can trust them not to try to play both ends against the middle.”
“A good point,” said Hartman. “I think I might have to take a direct hand in this.”

Chapter Two

“Heavy Lift Corporation, office of the president,” said the receptionist.
“Aiyana Cassidy, please,” said a voice.
“I’m sorry, Ms. Cassidy is unavailable. I can give you an appointment to talk to her,” she checked the boss’s calendar. “Next Tuesday at three-fifteen.”
“Please check your caller ID,” said the voice. “I’ll wait.”
The receptionist pulled up the record. “It’s blank,” she said.
“Correct,” confirmed the voice.
“It can’t be blank,” she argued.
“Obviously, it can be,” said the voice patiently.
“And what is that supposed to prove?”
“That whoever is calling Ms. Cassidy can block a system which is supposed to be unblockable.” Before the receptionist could protest, the voice continued. “That means whoever is calling either has the power to command the network or has the hacking chops to spoof it. Either way, I think Ms. Cassidy will want to talk to them, don’t you?”
“Hold,” said the receptionist and used her implant to cut the voice off. A quick thought, and – 
“Boss, I’ve got something weird going on here,” she said.
“What sort of weird, Kara?” returned Aiyana’s cool contralto.
“I have a call on your personal line, but they’ve done something and blocked the ID.”
“That’s – okay, it’s happening, so it’s not impossible.” There was the briefest of pauses. “Put them through.”
“Ms. Cassidy will speak with you,” said Kara, making the transfer and then disconnecting.
“Aiyana Cassidy. Who is this?”
Aiyana Cassidy, owner and president of the Heavy Lift Corporation (HLC) and known to her friends as Cass, was more amused than annoyed. A tall redhead, Cass had been running HLC for the past five years since she and her wife had inherited control of the company. Several companies, actually. More than several. Actually, when she bothered to think about it, the total worth of their holdings was about that of, oh, most of the countries in the former United States. 
Neither she nor Kendra Cassidy, her wife, had grown up wealthy. Their inheritance was an accidental and wholly unexpected byproduct of Cass’s side work when a lowly researcher at HLC. Through a series of improbable events, the two women had found themselves fleeing an assassination attempt, crossing the continent multiple times, losing, finding, and then being betrayed by their husband, and finally ending up as two of the most influential people on the planet.
Days like this, she longed for the simplicity of her optics lab.
“Ms. Cassidy, thank you for taking time out of your day. This is Mya Hartman, head of the Distribution Directorate at the UE.”
“Madame Director, it’s an honor to hear from you, but this is just a bit, ah, unusual, isn’t it?”
“Rather,” chuckled Hartman. “My technical services people had quite a time managing their little trick.”
“I should think,” said Cass wryly. “I don’t imagine you commed just to show off your technical abilities, though.”
“No,” said Hartman. “Would you be available for a meeting?”
“With whom, and why?” said Cass, antennae twitching.
“Myself and other members of my staff,” answered Hartman cryptically. “And I’d rather not discuss this over the comms.”
“Curiouser and curiouser,” muttered Cass. She pinged her implant and checked.
“The soonest I can get to you in Geneva is next week, even by jumpship,” she said regretfully. While revamping HLC took a fair portion of her time, she was still heavily involved in the project that nearly led to her death: teleportation. The system was fully developed and being installed but hadn’t yet gained public acceptance. Which meant portals tended to cluster. While Houston had hundreds, none connected to Geneva. That left the ordinary means of transportation. Though she could afford the fastest ships, there was also the matter of existing commitments.
“Oh, no, Ms. Cassidy. I wouldn’t dream of asking you to come here,” protested Hartman. “We are happy to come to you. This isn’t a formal meeting, after all. Let’s just call it a discussion of potentials. Strictly speculative.”
Cass’s eyebrow raised at that. Of course, she knew who Mya Hartman was, and the single most influential bureaucrat in the global government didn’t simply offer to drop by without a compelling reason.
“That’s very generous,” stalled Cass. “Today is probably out, but I have some time tomorrow evening. I’ll have to check with my wife, though.” Even as she spoke, another part of her mind was messaging Kendra. Implants were still developing and weren’t generally available, but Cass’s connections had kept her abreast of the newest innovations. Always a quick adopter, she and Kendra made sure that their inner circle was equipped and updated.
Babe, we’ve got incoming.
What’s up? came Kendra’s instant reply, though she was at their home near Los Alamos, and Cass was at the HLC headquarters in Houston.
Mya Hartman wants a meeting with me tomorrow night.
Bring her to dinner, get her on our turf, maybe we’ll sic the girls on them, answered Kendra.
Ooh, good idea.
Kendra's smug response was, All my ideas are good, before closing the connection.
“Of course, I understand,” Hartman was saying. “I realize this is short notice, but it is an urgent matter.”
“Tomorrow will be fine,” interrupted Cass. “At eighteen. I know that’s late for you, but you say this is urgent. I don’t want to keep you waiting.”
Cass could hear the grimace in Hartman’s voice. “Eighteen is fine. My staff will make the travel arrangements.”
“I’ll have someone meet you at the Los Alamos tube station once you know when you’re arriving. Unless there’s anything else?”
“No, not now. Until tomorrow.” Cass closed the circuit before Hartman could reply. She knew that she was being deliberately rude, but she’d had enough international intrigues, thank you very much, and didn’t appreciate being dragged into another one.
Shaking her head, she spoke. “Kara, clear my schedule for tomorrow.”
“Boss?”
“Clear it. All of it.” Cass thought, then said, “And get hold of Director Montana at OutLook.”
“Right away, Boss.”
Cass had already moved to her next task.
Candice, she messaged.
Yes? answered Candice Sanzari, the head of her personal security. Sanzari had been one of a baker’s dozen who had rallied to her and Kendra’s side all those years ago. Since then, she had practically welded herself to Cass’s side, dedicating herself to keeping Cass and Ken safe. From the initial four agents who had stayed on after the crisis, Sanzari had taken charge of enhancing and expanding the team. Now, she commanded three dozen personal protective service professionals drawn from across the best military and agency traditions. Then, they were sent to OutLook for further intensive training under their Operations expert, Mikki Stone, a former Navy SEAL Master Chief. Any who passed that regimen were deemed acceptable.
We’re going to have guests tomorrow. Heavy hitters. We’re going to need escorts from the tube station, plus, oh, hell, I don’t know. This is your specialty, not mine.
Cass could almost hear the grin in Sanzari’s response. Damn right it is. Who is it?
UE Director Mya Hartman and staff. I don’t know the exact numbers yet.
Sanzari’s whistle wasn’t audible, but Cass still heard it. I’m going to want backup on this.
Whatever you need to do. Cass would have continued, but Kara interrupted with, “I have Director Montana.”
Gotta go. Do you want anyone from OutLook? Going to talk to Cris.
Anyone she can spare.
Got it.
“Hi Cris, how’s business?”
“You never start with that question, Cass,” answered Cristina Montana, their hand-picked Director of OutLook. Before meeting Cass, she had been an agent, like Kendra, at the company. Where Kendra had been a courier and assassin, Montana (or Cris to a select few) had specialized in “hurting people and breaking things,” as she used to say. Her skills and loyalty were tested and proven during Cass’s quests to rescue a friend, reunite with Kendra, and finally topple the forces seeking her death. As a result, she topped the pyramid at OutLook, a position she had never expected but had excelled at. “What’s going on?”
“The UE Director of Distribution is coming by for dinner tomorrow night,” said Cass without any further preamble. “I need your help.”
“You got it,” replied Montana. “What do you need?”
“Sanzari asked for whoever you could spare to back up her usual teams.”
“No problem. I’ll check the rosters and have a list for her in a half-hour. She can pick anyone she wants.”
“I’d also like to borrow Mac’s services,” continued Cass.
“Do some digging?”
“You know it. There’s no reason I can think of for Hartman to be interested in us. That means I’m missing it.”
“You want Mac on-site, or can she do it remotely?”
“Remote works for me. If there’s anything sensitive, though, she might want to deliver it in person rather than over the net.”
“I’ll tell her. Anything else?”
Cass thought. “Who do you have in the UE? Anyone well-positioned?”
She could hear Montana searching. “Nothing right now, sorry. You know, we don’t generally have HumInt resources just hanging around here and there. Only on assignment.”
Cass shrugged and said, “It was a thought. No, that’s it, then.”
“Right, I’ll have that list to Candice shortly.”
“Oh!” exclaimed Cass. “I nearly forgot. Is Mikki busy tomorrow?”
“Just the usual training. Why?”
“Can she come to babysit? Lisa and Little Mikki always behave better when their Aunt Mikki visits.” Cass and Kendra’s daughters were three and four, respectively, and as frighteningly intelligent as their parentage would suggest.
Montana laughed. “I’m sure she’d be happy to. I’ll let her know.”
“Thanks. How are things going?” asked Cass.
“The usual,” answered Montana. “Keeping busy. Kinda miss fieldwork, but not really.”
“Yes, well, your talents were underutilized.” They talked for a couple moments longer before Cass said, “Okay, I’ve got to go. Lots of planning to do.”
Kara, her aide, was in the office seconds after the connection was broken. “I’ve cleared everything for tomorrow.”
Cass checked her implant for the changes. “That’ll work. Nicely done! Now, how loaded is Friday –”

Pick up your copy today on ebook, Audible, Paperback, or Hardcover!

