The Eden Plague
Plague Wars Series Book 1
(Sixth Edition)


by
David VanDyke




The Eden Plague
Sixth Edition

Published by David VanDyke at Smashwords

Copyright 2012 David VanDyke
All Rights Reserved.
ISBN: 978-1-62626-012-2

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com to purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored or transmitted in any form, or by any means whatsoever (electronic, mechanical or otherwise) without prior written permission and consent from the author.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, businesses and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 



Table of Contents

Books by David VanDyke
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Reaper’s Run Excerpt

Books by David VanDyke

Plague Wars: Decade One
The Eden Plague 
Reaper’s Run
Skull’s Shadows
Eden’s Exodus
Apocalypse Austin 
Nearest Night

Plague Wars: Alien Invasion
The Demon Plagues
The Reaper Plague
The Orion Plague
Cyborg Strike
Comes The Destroyer
Forge and Steel

Plague Wars: Stellar Conquest
Starship Conquest
Desolator: Conquest
Tactics of Conquest
Conquest of Earth
Conquest and Empire

Books by D.D. VanDyke
D. D. VanDyke is the Mysteries pen name for fiction author David VanDyke.
California Corwin P.I. Mystery Series
Loose Ends - Book 1
(Includes Off The Leash short story)
In a Bind - Book 2
Slipknot - Book 3
The Girl In The Morgue - Book 4 

For more information visit http://www.davidvandykeauthor.com/

Cover by Jun Ares


-1-

“Just do what I tell you, Elise,” she heard Jenkins say as she stared at the weird weapon. Growing up on her father’s ranch, she’d fired handguns and shotguns and rifles before, but this thing…he said it was an automatic shotgun, but it looked more like a blaster from a sci-fi movie.
“Hold it tight in to your shoulder. It’s going to kick like a mule but you shouldn’t have any problem with that.” His unsettling eyes locked with hers, and she asked herself again why she didn’t point it at him and use it once he gave her the ammo.
Because I can’t, she answered herself half-bitterly. I never was a killer, and I can't fight my own conscience.
She’d made her peace with he morality, even if it did mean she was under Jervis Jenkins’ thumb. Her current jailer, she loathed him to the limits of her ability. She considered biting him and seeing how he’d like to deal with the consequences, but then others would come to stash them both away in some deep hole and throw away the key.
At least now she was a pampered pet.
At least now they needed her.
For a while.
“Come on, Elise. Focus. Show me how you like to hold it.” Jenkins played with the ziploc bag of special shotgun shells, relishing his cheesy sexual double-entendre.
Ignoring him and his innuendo, she snugged the weapon in tight like any other shotgun, dry-fired it, then cocked it again. “Nothing to it,” she said confidently.
Bravado kept Jenkins happy. Sometimes. She had to play his games, and the Doctor’s games, and even though they never took advantage of her that way, she was still emotionally dead to them, held prisoner as she was.
Though she was an atheist – I’m a scientist, after all, dammit! – at the end of her rope, she had recently begun praying the same prayer, over and over, to the Universe or whoever: somebody save me.
Jenkins snapped his fingers, master to bitch. “Okay come on, step in there, and let’s go over the plan again.”

***

Daniel Markis thought back to his first meeting with Elise as they winged their way southward. It’s a bad day when you shoot your future wife. Laughing ruefully to himself, he remembered…

Something seemed out of place when Daniel Markis came home from work that afternoon. The side door to his house stood open. Turning into his driveway, he pulled his beat-up old van to a stop and switched it off right away, listening. Suburban Dale City was quiet, just the thwock - thwock of tennis balls in the court across the street.
Daniel stared at the open door. Something was wrong, because he lived alone. Ever since Becky left so long ago...alone.
Echoes in his head: crazy brain-damaged loner.
Reaching under his seat, he pulled out his car gun. The stock full-sized semi-auto rested comfortably in his hand, with two extra mags in a clip-on holder. His carry piece became his backup, nestled on his right rear hip.
God bless Dixie, the Commonwealth of Virginia and the Second Amendment.
Daniel lived on a corner – generally a bad idea, he thought, far too much traffic – he’d usually lived on military bases before – getting off track. Keep it together, DJ.
They’d said it was the organic damage, so that he couldn’t think like he should. Explosion, concussion, brain injury, three-two-one-boom.
Focus, Daniel. He forced his mind back to the now.
Debating calling the cops for three seconds, he realized his phone was dead. Forgot to recharge it last night in the house. Stupid car charger’s broke. Gotta get a new one. Hell with it.
The serpent in the back of his head woke up.
Chemical concentration... Pharmaceutical brainpower, that’s what Daniel needed. He pulled a ziploc bag full of jelly beans out from under his seat. The purple ones were gel-caps. It was a good way to hide his stash from the cops, and he couldn’t afford to get busted. He chewed two of them, along with some of the candy to kill the taste. The stimulant-painkiller combo flooded into his bloodstream while he sat there wishing he had a cortisone syringe handy for his knee.
Taking a deep breath, he readied himself.
Exiting his van onto the concrete, he kept his weapon in front of him and low in a tactical crouch. His left knee remained stiff, courtesy of that Taliban IED, but the pain was dulling now. Gritting his teeth, he concentrated on the job in front of him and powered through it.
Probably some kids doing a daylight break-in, though they were stupid to have left the side door open to be seen.
They hadn’t broken the glass storm door, so he opened that with his left hand and looked at the inner door, ajar. Nothing seemed damaged. Letting his eyes adjust for a moment, he then eased in, listening.
Quiet.
He took a quick look at the door hardware. It didn’t seem broken, and the deadbolt was intact.
Did I forget to lock it this morning before work? What if I hadn’t come home early? Maybe they’re already gone. Yeah, that’s it. Odds are they already ripped me off and they’re long gone. Still, Daniel Markis goes by the book. Always do the right thing.
His heart hammered and he was having less difficulty focusing now. Better living through chemistry: Dexedrine, hydrocodone and a little epinephrine made it all better.
Clearing his house room by room, he searched for anything out of place. On the ground floor, his widescreen and computer were still there. Moving  upstairs to the bedrooms and bathrooms, he found no one. Nothing missing or disturbed.
Daniel left the basement for last. If there was anyone in there they should have heard him moving around. At least he hoped so. The house was forty years old, and it creaked. He really wished they had bolted out the basement walkout into the back yard, over his useless waist-high Housing-Association-approved rail fence and across the neighbors’ yards to escape.
No need to shoot some stupid kid or pathetic junkie. I’ve killed better men for better reasons.
He crept down the basement stairs, bad tactics to catch someone unawares. Obviously he should have gone back outside, and tried to sneak in the sliding glass door of the basement walkout. Actually he wanted whoever it was, if there was anyone, to leave by that exit.
Never corner a rat, unless you mean to exterminate him. Always leave him a way out.
At the bottom of the stairs he turned sharply left, back along a short hallway which opened out into the main finished part of the basement. He didn’t hear anyone, but he smelled him.
It was easier for Daniel than some people, because everything he used was fragrance-free. Artificial scents bothered him; they made his eyes water and his nose clog up. This smell was faint but unmistakable, man-cologne. Something expensive. Rubbing the bottom of his nose with his offhand finger, he kept from sneezing.
From being fairly relaxed, comfortable on the chems in a combat-mode sort of way, everything inside him shifted sharply into overdrive. This isn’t some kid, he thought, and he isn’t running away. The world crystallized in that way it did when he felt close to death. He’d been there before.
The serpent in his head knew someone wanted Daniel J. Markis dead, erased, blotted out. Charging out of its cave, it sank its fangs into his hindbrain like a terrier on a rat. Everything took on a cut-glass clarity, with slightly rainbow edges.
Surveying the part of the basement he could see from the end of the hallway, he saw no one in the open room. There was a door into the unfinished part to his left, another door to the three-quarter bath to his left front, the walkout glass doors right front, and the door to the basement bedroom to his right.
A faint sound marked someone in the bathroom and his front sight post swung left automatically. He crouched behind the end of his battered sofa, set the weapon comfortably on the armrest, and called out, “Come on out of there, you.”
Not eloquent, but it got the message across.
A moment’s pause, then the door exploded from the inside. 12-gauge shotgun, a part of him said, and the shooter was hoping to catch me napping. Some kind of semi-automatic, since he fired four rounds quick, bang-bang-bang-bang, and Daniel didn’t hear the distinct chack-chack of a pump.
Sweeping the room from his left to right, the shooter fired blind through the thin hollow-core door, spraying clouds of splinters with each shot. The sound deafened Daniel briefly, and the final blast struck the top of the sofa about a foot in front of him, sending pieces of cushion flying. Already fading back and moving left, he avoided the next one that never came, low in a duck walk.
Cursing himself for not retrieving his own shotgun from his bedroom, Daniel realized he couldn’t expect to penetrate two thicknesses of wall at the corner and do any damage with a pistol. He certainly wasn’t stepping in front of that door.
But local knowledge is always a huge advantage, and this was his own house. Opening the door to his left, he slid silently into the unfinished section of the basement, pushing the door almost shut behind. Now, immediately to his right stood a single thickness of drywall behind two-by-four studs. No insulation, and on the other side, that bathroom and the shooter.
From point-blank range Daniel unloaded seven rounds through the wall, walking them diagonally left to right and slanting from low to high, knee to chest level. The expanding loads punched through the thin gypsum, leaving thumb-sized holes as they went, and he heard a grunt and the thud of a body falling.
The serpent cheered.
Moving quickly, he took cover to his left behind the water heater and finished off the magazine, firing into the tiny bathroom at about calf level.
He then reloaded, waiting.
No sounds, but he smelled blood and worse. That was a good sign, in this case. It usually meant death.
The serpent rejoiced.
He glided silently up to look through one of the holes in the drywall. Bright red splash, a jumble of flesh and dark clothing, the stink. Standing back up, weapon held in close to his sternum, he kept it pointed forty-five degrees down, still in a shooter’s grip. None of that aiming skyward Hollywood crap you see on TV.
Moving carefully back through the portal, he took his left hand off the weapon and pushed at the shattered bathroom door. The shooter’s body blocked it, and as Daniel was fairly sure the man was down and out, he moved to brace himself to shove it open when he heard something behind him.
Clap. Clap.
The serpent coiled, wary.
A slow, sarcastic clap.
Crap.


-2-

Hoping the clapping meant the source held nothing in his hands, Daniel didn’t do anything sudden. Instead he turned around smoothly, weapon still ready but pointed low.
There stood a suit. Mid-twenties, about five ten, dark hair cut short, straight and expensive, the five-o’clock shadow curse of the swarthy on his face and chin. To Daniel he looked like Agency. You know, he thought, OGA, the Other Government Agency that everyone likes to talk about in those breathless hushed tones, like they think it’s so cool, like they’re in love with its very existence. They don’t even actually use the acronym: CIA.  He realized it was this man’s cologne he’d smelled, not the dead shooter’s.
“Hello, suit,” Daniel said. “What the fuck …what do you want?” He’d made a promise to try to curb his vulgarities after all the jams his Higher Power got him out of, and Daniel was a man that kept his promises, even if he’d missed a few of the Twelve Steps along the way.
Taking a breath, Daniel asked, “Why are you in my house, and why’d you just make me kill a man?” He hung on to the tension between them, because he could feel the post-kill nausea trying to make itself known, and if he started on that he’d get the shakes and he’d want a drink and he really needed to stay away from that dark hole.
Pharms, he could control.
No, really.
But alcohol was a treacherous serpentine thing.
“Not a man,” the suit said, “but don’t worry about her. She’ll keep.”
Flippant. Cold son of a bitch. The kind that expends people like cartridges, like the one on the floor in there dead. 
Then Daniel did a double-take. She? Dammit, have I just killed a woman? I didn’t have much choice, right? Can’t think about that now. Deal with what’s in front of you.
“Let’s go upstairs,” the suit said jauntily.
Up they went, the intruder first, the handgun’s front sight fixed on his spine, center mass, just out of reach if he suddenly turned and made a grab. They angled right at the top of the stairs, walked through the kitchen, and the suit sat down in the dining room.
Daniel reached over and pulled the curtains shut, flipped on the light.
The suit took out a silver cigarette case, a matching lighter, and lit up. “Smoke?” He took a deep drag.
“I don’t smoke,” Daniel said automatically.
“Of course you do. You have a display case of Turkish meerschaum pipes right there, and some of them are used. And a humidor with some nice Cohiba. I was tempted to get one.” He gestured toward the case in Daniel’s living room.
“I mean, I’m not a smoker. Are you a liar?” Daniel asked him.
His eyes widened, baffled by the conversational turn. “No. Not the way you mean.”
“But you’ve lied before?”
“Sure, occasionally. Most people have.”
“I rest my case.”
The swarthy man rubbed his eyes, the gesture condescending, as if dealing with a child. “Okay, I get it,” he sighed theatrically. “Occasional user, no dependencies, right? You quit drinking, quit smoking cigarettes; you’re an exercise junkie now. Nothing but endorphins, meditation, yoga, martial arts, the Quantico Shooting Club, going to church, anything to keep the nightmares and the demons at bay.”
Shows how much you don’t know, Daniel thought, but that’s good, since it means my little chemical issues are well hidden.
“I’m surprised you don’t have a dog or a cat,” the suit went on.
“I have a serpent.” Daniel barked laughter, a little too loud, on the edge of control. “And I had a dog. But my ex took him. But to hell with all that. Start talking.” He sat down, because he was coming down, and wanting a drink, but he clamped down on that desire.
Resting the gun on the table, Daniel kept it pointed at the other man’s chest, his fingertip off the trigger but close, very close. The serpent kept trying to wrap around that finger, make him squeeze. “What’s your name, anyway?”
The suit took another drag, then looked at his cigarette, speculatively. “Jenkins. J. Andrew Jenkins the Fourth.” He said it as if it should mean something.
It occurred to Daniel that Jenkins had no ashtray, so he got up, took a cereal bowl out of his cupboard and slid it across the dining room table to him. Since he was up anyway, he filled a tall glass with orange juice from the fridge. After violent action, the next best thing to alcohol was sugar. He didn’t get the suit any; he had his smoke.
Daniel sat back down and sipped, feeling the cold sweet run down his insides. It steadied him a bit. He took a deep breath. “Okay, Jenkins, talk.”
The suit smiled, smarmy, superior. “Just like that. The secrets of the universe?”
The serpent coiled, and then Daniel kicked the man under the table, hard, somewhere near his left knee.
Jenkins convulsed forward, dropping the cigarette and clutching for the pain, and Daniel reached over, put his left hand on the man’s head and mashed his face into the table. With his right he used the magazine extension of the automatic to grind out the burning cigarette. “Now you owe me for a new tablecloth.”
With his weight still on the man’s head, Daniel put the pistol down out of his reach, picked up the still-smoking butt and singed the man’s skin, right behind his ear, drawing a yelp. Then he dropped it in the bowl-ashtray. He scooped up the gun again.
“You can’t play conversation control games with me, you stupid suit.” Daniel made that word into an epithet. “I’ve been through every resistance training course, every combat psych and psy-ops and mind-freak exercise, and you are in my house now.” He felt violated, and it fueled him and what control he had left drained away like water through a colander of pasta.
The serpent egged him on.
“MY HOUSE!” The snake and the Dexedrine seized control, the worm in his hindbrain that he tried so hard to keep caged every day since the IED and the brain damage, his nemesis, that satanic serpent. This idiot, this suit, is a child playing with blasting caps and batteries in a toybox full of explosives and he might die, right here, right now, for that ignorance and stupidity. Daniel was on the edge of a whiteout, and the snake longed for it, longed to throw itself and the body he possessed into that bright hot place where all he had to do was destroy. Annihilate every threat, kill everyone that wasn’t on his side, and this fool, the serpent screamed, IS NOT ON YOUR SIDE.
He wrapped his fingers into the intruder’s hair and dragged him to his feet, moving around the table. Daniel stood a bit under six feet, 200 pounds and muscular, but the berserkergang closing in let him shake the smaller man like a rag doll, lifting him onto his toes with one hand. Nose to nose, the muzzle of his weapon jammed hard into the man’s solar plexus, he screamed into Jenkins’ face, “I just killed one person, and I just. Might. Kill. You. Too So. TALK!”
Then he threw the man into his chair. The suit almost fell over backward, but caught himself against the wall as Daniel stood over him, shaking. They were both shaking, Daniel with barely suppressed chemical rage, the cologned man with dawning fear.
Finally afraid. “You can’t kill me,” Jenkins said, shuddering.
Wrong thing to say. Oh, so very, very wrong.
A silent explosion in Daniel’s head, and then the serpent took him, wrapped him up and dragged him under. He watched his hand move of its own volition, watched himself as he shot the man twice in the chest.
It felt so good.
The serpent writhed in ecstasy.
Jenkins gaped upward, then looked down. Touched the entry wounds. Tried to speak. Slumped and was still.
Crap.


-3-

Elise came to consciousness wondering what had happened, then knowing but hardly believing it. This is the guy Jenkins was supposed to recruit? The softhearted special operator who would help us with a minimum of trouble, who would be grateful, who could be controlled?
Then why do I hurt so damn much?
First thing the stench hit her, blood and her own body stink mixed with the surreally mundane odors of soap and shower gel. A shampoo bottle lay shattered by her arm, its gooey contents a puddle on the shower floor. Well, might as well make it useful. She reached over, scooping the stuff onto her hands and then rubbing it into her medium-length auburn hair. Rolling over, she got painfully to her feet.
She saw her clothes were torn and so was the nylon cloth that covered the heavy Kevlar vest. The bulletproof helmet she had worn showed a couple of scars as well. Good thing; that saved my life. Eden or not, bullets in the brain tend to be fatal.
Eden. She laughed to herself. The one and only, the first. Call me Eve. If they’ll only let me find my Adam. I’d thought it might be Daniel Markis. Little chance now.
Reaching out, she turned on the water in the shower, letting the hot soothing liquid run over her clothed body. It still felt wonderful. She lathered up her hair, then awkwardly used the soap to wash off what she could of the blood and fluids as she waited for Jenkins to make his recruiting pitch.

***

Silence wrapped him as Daniel stood there, and he suddenly felt dizzy, ice cold, drenched in sweat. Numbly he reached over, bumped the thermostat up a couple of degrees, leaned against the wall. Listened to the silence. Mostly silence. The serpent still gibbered in his hindbrain. Too many chemicals, he knew. Steroids and painkillers and speed, and they had betrayed him this time.
But he heard something else. A rushing sound, not the forced air of the heating system either. Water. It sounded like the shower in the basement was on. Had a pipe broken? Did one of his rounds damage something?
Reloading automatically, he retraced his steps back down to the basement. No way that guy – sorry, that woman – got up. No way, after the mess I made of her.
The serpent in his head slithered forward again, eager.
Edging around the bottom of the stairs, Daniel glided forward with all the stealth he could muster and slipped back to his position in the unfinished part of the basement, behind the thin wall with its sixteen or so holes. Yes, the shower was running, and something moved within. Several of the rounds had gone right through the tile and now the water was soaking back, drizzling through the holes.
What the hell?
He waited, took up a position behind the crack of the door, and waited some more. It took several minutes but finally a figure came out of the shower, out of the bathroom. It looked to him like she had rinsed with her clothes on, to get rid of the blood and filth, but amazingly she was up and walking around. Toweling off. Not fast; she moved haltingly, like an old woman, or a hurt one. With an exotic-looking weapon by the barrel in one hand, she dangled a Kevlar helmet from the same wrist, and dragged a mangled vest. Five or six scars showed where his rounds had hit the armor and helmet and not penetrated.
So I tagged her, but didn’t kill her after all? But I fired sixteen rounds, and I smelled the stink of the body letting go, which normally only happens at the moment of death. At least some of her legs and arms should be out of commission, but she’s using all of them. One, two, three, four. Yup, all four limbs operating.
Weird.
Daniel stepped out from behind the door while her back was still mostly to him. “Freeze, you.”
She dropped everything, held her hands up away from her body. “Don’t shoot, please. It hurts.”
“I bet. Turn around. All the way around. Keep turning.”
He inspected her. No visible weapons, just torn up slacks and a ragged button-down blouse, with holes and rips in interesting places and still some bloodstains. Angry red wounds on her arms and legs, at least five that he could see. Spreading purple bruises. Cute, too, about five-six, reddish-brown hair, gorgeous blue eyes, nice curves under all that mess.
She was standing, she was walking. Somehow. Woman or not, she had fired a very deadly firearm at him. The gun didn’t care who used it, and dead was dead.
Wasn’t it?
The serpent in Daniel’s head was not pleased.
“Turn right, go up the stairs. Don’t think about it, just do it. Up, up!” He followed her ascent, déjà vu, just like with the suit. He marched her through the kitchen and told her to sit next to the suit’s body.
The woman looked at the dead man, at the entry wounds, and made a choking sound. Stringy and wet, her hair did not hide a face ugly with bruises and what looked like a shot through her cheek.
Daniel snarled, “I tried to talk to him. He gave me the wrong answers.” Looking at her, he tried to be dispassionate, but still liked what he saw: average build but fit and perfectly proportioned. His eyes traced the contours of her form and something stirred within him as his baser instincts threatened to take control.
The serpent was pleased.
Daniel shook himself. What’s wrong with me? Reaching inside for the anger, he used it to regain his balance. Remember, this woman tried to kill me. The body reaches for sex after violent action, the urge to procreate, but I swore off all of that when…he pushed painful thoughts away again and concentrated.
In a field interrogation it was useful for the subject to be afraid, to keep from recovering composure. Daniel figured he needed to push this woman through that window. Besides, she had genuine reason to fear him. The serpent hovered behind his eyeballs, threatening to take over again at any moment.
Daniel spoke. “So tell me, and make it fast. I really want to shoot you again.” It came out in a croon, husky, like a lover. He placed his finger on the trigger again and the serpent danced in the dexe-codone fog.
“Okay, okay, please don’t,” she tried to reason with him. “We’re here to help you. Recruit you! Come on, Daniel, throttle back!” She shivered from the cold and the fear.
Daniel could see in her eyes that she was confused. Obviously the situation hadn’t gone the way they expected.“How do you know me?” he growled.
She spoke quickly, perhaps hoping to keep him distracted until he relaxed. “Jenkins had your file! It’s true! You fit the profile, all the skills, high moral index, ruthless but not corruptible, the Company wants you. But it’s going to be harder now.” She made a weak gesture at the dead man beside her, avoiding looking.
“The Company” is what the CIA’s employees call it, like it isn’t even part of the government. Maybe it isn’t, really, Daniel thought.
“Please, we can help each other.” She sounded unsure, but hopeful, and took a deep breath.
Daniel saw she was settling down; he needed to keep her momentum going in the direction of explanations. He gestured with the gun. “Keep talking. What was the plan?”
She responded quickly, trippingly. “Jenkins was in charge – I had no choice. I was just supposed to provide the demonstration, which I did, as you see. I couldn’t kill you anyway, even if I wanted to, but you were supposed to think so, to get your attention.”
He wondered what she meant by “couldn’t kill” him. Seemed like she could have if he’d been in front of the shotgun.
Elise reached across with her right hand to scratch vigorously at her left arm, where one of the bullets had taken out a chunk of flesh. She looked pleadingly at Daniel, as if willing him to understand, to give her a break.  “I tried to talk him out of it but he was an arrogant son of a bitch and he wouldn’t listen.”
Which reminded him. “So how come you aren’t dead, or at least bleeding out on my bathroom floor? How come you’re still on your feet?” This whole conversation was surreal, but he couldn’t argue with his own two eyes so he figured he might as well just go with it until he figured it out. “Are you some kind of vampire? Werewolf? Immortal? Alien? Zombie?” He ran out of possibilities.
She continued her explanation, even as she clutched her gut, as if in pain. “It’s a new thing. A kind of healing booster. Do you have anything to eat?”
Daniel noticed she was looking sallow, white almost, and shivering. It seemed like she was getting sick, and her veins and muscle definition showed through paper-thin skin.
“I’m starving,” she pleaded again.
His stimulated mind raced, and he threw mental rocks at the serpent reluctantly slouching back toward its cave. Healing booster, super-healing. When she said starving, she meant literally starving. From his extensive medical training Daniel figured that her body was already catabolizing itself, cannibalizing at the cellular level, trying to heal those wounds. Biology can’t be outrun: healing takes energy and materials, no matter how advanced the drug or technique. And he needed this woman for answers, and maybe to keep him out of an Agency cell. He’d brushed up against the spooks Over There, and he had no desire to be “rendered.”
Funny, how similar the two meanings of that word ended up being. One, to be boiled down to fatty paste. Two, to be given over to a foreign country to be tortured.
So he got her some food. A big bag of lunch meat, a package of cheese slices, mayo, mustard, a loaf of bread, apples, paper plates, and a plastic spoon. A plastic cup for orange juice. No metal. Dad didn’t raise no dummy. Used right, a steel spoon can kill a man. I’ve already seen she’s dangerous, no matter how attractive she might be. That was part of the plan, probably. Even with that wet stringy hair he couldn’t stop thinking about her eyes. “Make me a sandwich too,” He said gruffly, not wanting to put down the gun. “And keep talking. What’s your name, anyway?”
“Elise. Elise Wallis.” She lined up six pairs of bread slices with shaky hands and started to construct sandwiches, after stuffing a piece of the loaf into her mouth like a slumdog orphan. Taking a moment to choke it down, she continued. “It was just supposed to be a demonstration. You were supposed to shoot me, of course. Not quite so many times. And I didn’t really shoot at you, did I? Those rounds I had were filled with salt. Not even rock salt, just table salt. Nasty within five feet, but after that it just stings. Special ammo. It’s in his pocket in a plastic bag. See for yourself.” She sounded whiny, defensive. Querulous.
Daniel laughed tightly. “Well, that didn’t work out so well. And now some poor arrogant tailored-suit schmuck is dead. I guess he didn’t have the super-healing. Why not? Experimental? Some kind of side effects? Doesn’t work on everyone?” His mind was racing now, the adrenaline and the problem keeping him on track. It felt good, to be firing on all cylinders again.
Outrunning the serpent.
“Yeah, there’s a downside, mostly for the Company.” She finished making the sandwiches, pushed one across the table to him, and demolished another in four bites.
Daniel had to wait for her to keep talking anyway, so he took a cautious bite. Too much mustard. The woman looked into his eyes then, with a kind of haunted compassion or…something. Something hard to pin down. Maybe pity. He liked the eyes but he didn’t much like that expression, and he resolved he wasn’t going to fall for her sneaky womanly wiles, but there was still something in her that attracted him. Maybe it was because she had guts. In some other circumstances…
She kept eating. Kept staring at him.
Dragging his mind back to the now, he barked, “Come on, talk between bites.” Daniel still felt on the ragged edge of control, and his weapon hand started shaking.
She stared at the gun and those shakes and said, “All right. Just let me tell it my own way, okay?”
Another quarter of a sandwich went down her throat. She finished a cup of juice, poured herself some more. “I was a terminal patient. Cancer. Hodgkin’s. I had maybe two weeks to live. I was already in hospice, doped up. The Company made me an offer I couldn’t refuse. Be a test subject for a new cure, they told me. Of course I said yes.”
She paused to eat another sandwich, and as she did she watched him fidget impatiently, watched his flickering eyes.
She’s worried about  me, Daniel realized. Thinks I’m losing it. But I’m not. He thought she was looking much better now, and her wounds were visibly shrinking. The bruising was getting smaller, the holes were closing, everything. His eyes moved all over her body, watching it happen. Unbelievable. But he had to believe it. It was right in front of him.
As he took the last bite of his sandwich the woman across from him sighed, as if regretting something. The next second he found himself falling over backward as the dining room table flew up in his face. He forced his finger not to pull the trigger in reflex, and by the time he disentangled himself from the chair, table, tablecloth and sandwich makings, she was gone.
Story of my life. The good ones always leave. 



-4-

Staring down the barrel of Daniel Markis’ gun wasn’t Elise’s idea of a good time. There was no guarantee he wouldn’t snap and shoot her like he shot Jenkins, so as soon as she had enough calories in her to survive, she’d gotten the hell out.
It didn’t mean she felt good about it.
Everything in her wanted to stay with him, to explain what was going on, to hold his hand and ease the confusion in his tortured eyes. She could see the pain underlying the bravado, with compassion hidden behind his need to control an uncontrollable situation, but as a scientist, she knew there were just too many variables.
So she ran.
But she didn’t want to.
She’d driven them in Jenkins’ SUV to Markis’ neighborhood, so she had the keys. Where the usual controlling jerk would have insisted on driving, Jenkins’ privileged upbringing meant he liked to be chauffeured. Serve me had been the subtext of his every move, just like his father, who was far more powerful and frightening. They’d parked around the corner and out of sight.
Running to the vehicle, she hoped that Daniel wasn’t so out of control that he’d try to chase her down with a gun in his hand in broad daylight. Hopefully he’d just accept what happened and calm down.
I have a plan, she thought as she climbed into the seat. Or the beginnings of one, if only he’ll cooperate. He’s exactly the man I need. Her mind flirted with what that might mean for the future, then forced it away. No time for such thoughts, Elise. Not now.
Driving away briskly, she checked the rear view mirror, seeing nothing following. A mile later she pulled into the back of a strip mall and changed out of her rags and into the nondescript clothes she had brought for that purpose. Sight of the crisp man’s suit hanging there on the back seat hook sent a wave of nausea rushing over her. Thank God it wasn’t me that killed him, but I’m still glad he’s gone and can’t hurt me anymore.

***

In Daniel’s teens, when he was young and foolish, he’d thought war would be fun, or would make him a man, when he went to the Gulf. In his twenties he deployed to Afghanistan to get some back for the Twin Towers, when Bin Laden seemed so near, just over the next mountain, and everybody in a turban might be Al Qaeda and he thought who cares, shoot them all anyway, let God sort ’em out.
If you listened to Dr. Benchman, you’d think he’d be having flashbacks right now. The VA psychiatrist had convinced himself Daniel Markis was a full-blown PTSD case, a danger to himself and society, and nothing Daniel said could convince him otherwise.
He’d been ordered to see the shrink because he’d clocked a Marine lieutenant who started mouthing off about Air Force “blue-suiters.” They’d both been drunk, and it had been a mistake, but it sure felt good at the time. About broke my hand along with his pretty jaw, he thought. Of course, I never told Benchman about the serpent in my head. Thank God he never thought to try to get my carry permit revoked.
Daniel felt lucky, really, because he’d had more than nineteen years in, and by the time the whole JAG process was done, what with his lawyer successfully drawing it out and staving off the threat of a court-martial, he was happy to make a deal, sign that Article 15 and get his retirement orders. Twenty years, thirteen days, but it was enough to qualify, and life was much better as a retiree with fifty percent disability than as a disabled vet with nothing but the VA to help out.
Sitting there at the righted table, he tried to concentrate on the present. Brain fog was closing down again, because the speed was wearing off. He wanted a drink. He wanted a nap. He stared at the dead man leaking all over his old wall-to-wall carpet, and the body wasn’t going to resurrect itself if it hadn’t already, he was pretty sure. Elise, if she was telling the truth, had said Jenkins didn’t have the healing drug, or whatever it was.
At least there were no sirens racing for his house, so it appeared no one had reported the gunshots. His basement walls were thick, cinder block set mostly below ground. I guess no one heard the two extra pops when I…his mind shied away.
On the other hand, Elise was probably already reporting to her Agency masters and there would soon be a cleanup team on the way. They might make it all go away, or they might set it up to implicate him, or they might come try to recruit him using a different approach - something a lot more certain. Like eight Men In Black with body armor and tranquilizer darts and beanbag rounds. Imagination spinning, he tried to stay on track, tried to stick to the facts.
Instead, he sat there staring at the body.
Should he call the cops? Was it easier to deal with the local authorities, claim a righteous shoot in his own home? If he did, he’d have to rearrange the scene, because he’d simply executed Jenkins. No matter how you sliced it, he’d killed him in hot blood, without just cause.
With Miss Wallis, had she stayed dead, he’d have had justification. She’d had a weapon, she’d fired on him. In fact, the weapon should still be down there, all the proof he needed. Elise had bolted out his still-open side door. She’d had no time to detour to the basement.
No, he had to either deal with the Agency, or he had to run.
Flight was an attractive option. Disappear, get out of the country. Slip across to Mexico before the alarm went out, from there to points south. Take a tramp freighter to South Africa maybe, sell his skills. Private security firms there liked guys with combat experience. They’d get him a new identity, if he were willing to be one of their quasi-mercenary security contractors and kick back part of his pay. He’d made some good contacts in the Green Zone in Baghdad. The Zone had been a patchwork of embassy territories then, with South Africans, Pakistanis, Sri Lankans, Filipinos, even Gurkhas providing security for each little walled compound.
Shaking himself out of the fog of reminiscence, he told himself he had to do something, he had to act, or he was going to be acted upon, but he didn’t want to run. It was not in his nature.
His phone rang.
He stared at it stupidly for a couple of rings. Nobody called his home phone but telemarketers and work, and he didn’t have the kind of job that called him after hours.
Heaving himself up he grabbed the handset, looked at the number. He didn’t recognize it but it was local, Northern Virginia. Telemarketers had other numbers, weird ones from foreign countries that tried to scam people. He decided to answer.
Maybe they wanted to talk, whoever ‘they’ were. Maybe he wanted to listen. Maybe there was some way out of this mess.
“Hello?”
“Daniel?” It sounded like Elise.
“Yeah. Elise?” Bitch. Shoot at me then run away when I try to be nice.
“Yes, Daniel. We have a little time. They don’t know what happened yet. When they do, they will probably want to clean up and they’re going to insist you join up. If you don’t play ball, they’ll either do you the hard way, frame you or disappear you.” She had a trace of Texas in her voice now, if he knew his Westerns.
“About like I thought. What are we gonna do about it?” He suddenly had a feeling she was in a tough spot, too, having failed to recruit him, and lost her boss as well. Or maybe she wanted out of their grip. She’d said she’d had no choice. Maybe I misjudged her.
Or maybe it’s all a crock of bull.
“I want to talk with you, but not on an unsecure line, and not at the wrong end of a gun. Especially not when you’re all amped up like you are now. Somewhere a bit more friendly.”
He wondered at the tone of her voice, no-nonsense but with an undertone of concern. Or was he imagining it? “How do we do that? You could be armed next time, and I can’t come back from the dead like you can.”
“I didn’t come back from the dead, I wasn’t dead. I can be killed. It’s just harder. And it still hurts to be shot.”
“So you say. How and where? And don’t you think they are listening right now?”
“Possibly.” She sighed, audibly. “Look, I’m sick of being their slave. I have to get out from under, no matter how dangerous it is. So we have to meet, and we have to do it soon, before they can keep me from giving you everything. And I need your help too. You must have contacts. You spec ops guys always keep in touch.”
“Maybe. So if they are listening, why don’t they cut this line?”
She laughed, shaky. “You know, it’s not like on TV. They can do a lot but they’re only human. Don’t give them too much credit.”
“Or too little.”
“Yeah, well, even if they could, they would want to hear where we are going to meet. They’ll be waiting if they can.”
“Well, you’re the secret agent,” Daniel said sarcastically. “How do we do it without getting caught?”
“Daniel, I’m just a scientist that happened to get cancer and got sucked into this. I’m not a field operative. But I picked up a few things in the last couple of years, so here’s what we’re going to do. Go to a nearby shopping center drugstore. Don’t tell me which one. Go buy a fresh prepaid cell phone. Call this number.” She rattled off a phone number. “Add the number of shots I fired at you to the digit in that position. Get it?”
“Got it.” Right, he thought. Add four to the fourth digit. Writing it down on a scrap of paper, he stuck it in his pocket. He couldn’t trust his memory.
“Call that number in half an hour exactly. First and last number you ever dial on that phone. We should be able to talk freely on that connection for long enough to arrange a meet. As soon as we have, you stomp on the phone and throw the pieces into the nearest storm drain. Got it? And do the same with your own cell phone, right now. They might be able to track it.”
“Okay…”
“And don’t go home after that. Take anything valuable you can carry, but somewhere along the line you will have to ditch your own vehicle. I don’t think they have a tracker on it but they will eventually. And get as much cash as you can out of just one ATM near the drugstore. Then drive away and make that call.”
“Got it.” He thought, I’ve got to keep my focus. It was getting hard. His head hurt.
She hung up.
He slammed an energy drink and swallowed two black-market but genuine Ritalin. He stuck the bottle in his pocket, grabbed an old rucksack and started packing. Magazines and ammo, granola bars, water, energy drink, his work badge and ID, and his runaway packet containing twenty grand cash in several currencies and two passports, one his, one Canadian with a different name. He wasn’t a covert field operative but any special ops guy learns a few things in the black world.
Also, he wouldn’t visit that ATM. Grabbing his travel Bible, he tossed it into the rucksack. He might need it, and he was sure to need the twelve hundred dollars he kept zipped inside it. It made him feel better anyway. Sorry, Lord, and please help me out of this one.
He pulled on a hoodie, then a windbreaker. February was still cold on the East Coast, especially at night, and the sun was going down. He threw his laptop into the ruck, too, then booted up his desktop computer and put in a suicide code, watching the special software start to burn his hard drive one sector at a time. They won’t get anything off that. Then he smashed his cell phone.
He also grabbed his M4 in its case, ten full magazines, his Remington 870 pump shotgun, and an Army surplus ammo box, heavy with cartridges. The last thing he tossed into his van was his aid bag. Everything imaginable from band-aids to Benzedrine, scalpels to syringes.
Doing as Elise had said, more or less, he drove to the second-nearest drugstore to his house in case “they” had been listening, and bought a disposable phone with cash. It was all cash from now on.
Back in the van, he drove out of town on the main road heading west as he waited for the half hour mark after pulling over into a gas station and filling up. As soon as he was done, he drove around a corner onto a side street, parked, and then dialed the number.
“Yes?” He heard Elise’s voice.
“It’s me. I’m mobile, I got money and some supplies.” He could hear traffic sounds behind her. He figured she was at a pay phone. Not many of those around anymore.
“All right. You know the Iron Saddle?”
“Biker bar, on Route One south of Quantico.”
“Yeah. Meet me there, one hour.”
“Roger wilco.”
After the call ended he started wending his way south, then back eastward to pick up US-1 at Dumfries north of Quantico Marine base. He was glad to stay in Virginia, where it was legal to carry around loaded firearms.
Laughing to himself without humor, he realized he was a recent murderer, or at least a manslaughterer, and no matter how justified it seemed, he had lost control. He was guilty, but he didn’t want to become a guest of the state just yet, and maybe he could do something to make up for it later. Some kind of penance.
Right. I keep trying to convince myself of that. The serpent doesn’t believe it either.


-5-

Elise put the pay phone receiver down and walked casually back to the SUV parked at the side of the old station. She rooted around in the glove compartment and came up with a thick permanent marker. In back and front she performed some simple alterations to the license plates – a K became an R, a C became a G, a 4 became a 9. It might foil a computerized webcam-image search.
She drove through a fast-food place, a one-off frosty-freeze that didn’t have any security cameras as far as she could see. A couple thousand more calories went into her gullet, helping to rebuild her torn flesh.
Driving away, she wended slowly southward toward the rendezvous, thinking, trying to formulate a plan. I have to find a way to give it to him, she thought. It will improve his mental state, the PTSD his file talked about, and fix his lingering injuries. The trick will be passing it without him freaking out.
Then the two of us will have it instead of just me.
Thoughts of the treatment filled her mind. With her two female chimps, Bobo and Mandy, as soon as they both had the same strain they became inseparable, like littermates, though they were unrelated. She wondered whether it would work the same way – did the virus somehow connect people in proportional proximity? That is, were those who passed it directly more likely to form bonds with the recipient? If so, did she want to be bonded to Daniel Markis? Or him to her?
But what choice do I have? Needs must when the Devil drives. She laughed at herself. Or the Eden.
Arriving at the Iron Saddle early, she parked on the side and went in. Out of place in her business casual, most of the looks she drew were nevertheless appreciative, not hostile – except for a few of the biker chicks. One slugged her man in the gut for looking and he laughed, spinning her around and slapping her on the butt.
Taking a seat at the bar, she shot a pleading look at the leather-clad bearded bartender. He had kind eyes.
Coming over promptly but politely, leaning in close he said, “You all right?” He spoke just loud enough to hear over the hubbub.
“Maybe. Not really my crowd, but I’m meeting a friend. Give me a diet Coke and keep these hound dogs off, will you?” Already she could see them lining up to make their passes.
He nodded, said “Play along, then.” As soon as he saw she understood, he pecked her on the lips and winked.
Her face tickled with the brush of his beard. This should keep them off me for a while. How quickly I play the whore…I almost wish I really could. Haven’t been with a man in years. The smell of him excited her in spite of herself and she shrugged away, blinking. Damn. They’re right about that near-death arousal. But I’ll do just about anything right now to get away from the Company. Even kiss a few frogs in search of my prince. “Having a good night, sweetie?” she asked loudly.
The bartender nodded, “Yeah, pretty good.” He shot a couple of bikers a glare and they backed off. Then he smiled knowingly at her and went back to his bartending. Probably he thought he’d just gone to the head of the pass line.
She thanked him with her eyes, then checked her watch. Five till. Looked around, hoping Daniel would show up early. Hoping they’d have a chance, make a chance, to get away. It was a fantasy, to escape with her chosen white knight.
She’d subtly steered Jenkins toward Daniel Markis. Unlike all the other spec-ops files they’d looked at, Markis wasn’t a killer by trade, but instead a healer, a combat lifesaver. Hopefully that will make him different. Maybe just different enough.
Checking her watch again, she turned to look out the front window. Neon beer and motorcycle brand names obscured her view but the big man in the dark suit was clear enough, as was his weapon.
He burst through the front door, high-tech blunderbuss in hand, but by that time she was off the bar stool and scurrying for the back door. Chaos erupted behind her.

***

Daniel passed the Marine Corps museum in the early dark, the blazing spire on the roof reminiscent of the flag-raising on Iwo Jima. His grandfather had been there; Gunnery Sergeant Donald James Markis, USMC. He suppressed a strong impulse to turn into the parking lot, to put off this rendezvous for as long as he could. Driving south on US-1 through the cold quiet in his familiar musty van, time seemed suspended for a little while.
He wished he had a cigarette. Since he didn’t, he tortured himself with imagination by thinking of the last time he’d smoked one: with Gramps as he was dying of emphysema in hospice. Daniel had helped him out of the oxygen rig and onto the balcony, to suck down one last forbidden coffin nail before they said good night.
I should have said goodbye. And this healing thing could have saved him. Eyes tearing, he squeezed them with thumb and forefinger. Goodbye, Gramps. Maybe I’ll see you soon.
Realizing he hardly cared at this point, he didn’t think he had much to live for. With his messed up brain and his messed up life, he barely held onto his job, trying desperately to keep up with even the light workload they gave him. Hanging out with the other retired disabled veterans, their green and maroon and black berets and tabs and coins set in their sterile cubes and offices, they were all just marking time, milking their security clearances for a few more bucks. Staring at his own beret perched on the shelf above his computer screen, the Pararescue flash with its guardian angel, cradling the world in her arms, a symbol of what he was and never would be again. Reminiscing war stories. Trying to keep his hand in.
Trying to starve the serpent.
Trying to look himself in the mirror every morning, knowing he was useless. They wouldn’t let him put his hands on a patient, wouldn’t let him practice his medical craft. He couldn’t even drive an ambulance, much less work trauma, for fear of his PTSD. Just push papers. Be a consultant.
A man who can’t do his job isn’t a man.
But he had done the job today. He had taken a shooter down like the pro he used to be, and if Elise had been human – normal? – he could have patched her up too, if he hadn’t killed her. Only he hadn’t killed her, he’d killed the suit, and Daniel couldn’t patch him up from dead.
His stomach clenched. No excuse for that murder. He’d crossed the line from watchdog to wolf, and bitten the hand that fed him, no matter how much that hand stank. He’d murdered a duly appointed representative of the United States government.
They never forget that. They will never let me rest.
He could imagine what his father would say. Come on, Dan, pull your head out. You have a vehicle, you have an ally, you have a mission – and you have resources as yet untapped. Stick and rudder, boy. Take control and fly.
Now all he needed was to care. That was the hard part.
The Iron Saddle came up on his right, a big parking lot filled with bikes surrounding a faux-Western building with an enormous roof extension to the front, providing a covered space. Even tonight, temperature in the forties and a bit of a breeze, there were ten or twenty bikers and their old ladies outside, under the roof or sitting on the bikes, knocking back a few. Most of them would be inside, though it shouldn’t be too busy on a Wednesday night.
Steering the van sharply to the right, he drove around the building, parking nose-out in the left rear corner under a hanging tree limb. Easy to see out of, hard to be seen. Sitting there for a moment, he checked the dive watch on his wrist. 300M, it said to him, and 18:56. Four minutes to seven. Close enough, and better to be early than late.
Using the time to settle his pistol in a belly holster and thread the magazine holder onto his belt, he then got out, crossed the parking lot warily toward the back door. Ritalin still sang in his veins, though he knew it wouldn’t last.
Just then the back door flew open and Elise burst through running flat out. A man stepped into the doorway beyond with something big and gunlike in his hands. BOOM, BOOM, it spoke, like a shotgun but twice as loud, and Elise staggered and fell off to Daniel’s left. Strangely, he felt like it was him that got hit, though at a distance, like a fistful of rocks thrown in his face.
In his hindbrain the serpent hissed as he drew his automatic, to lay down covering fire in the direction of the lighted doorway while he crabbed sideways toward his fallen comrade. He figured that was what she was now. Grabbing the back of her jacket collar with his left hand he dragged her behind a convenient Harley trailer, popping off a couple more shots at the doorway. Blood covered her again, smearing his hand and arm. Somehow that shook him more this time.
Real men don’t shoot women. Not intentionally anyway. Bastards.
“Daniel,” Elise gasped, “get out of here. Leave me. I’ll be fine, they just want me back on the leash. Here…” She reached up with one hand to grab his wrist…
Pulled it down toward her face…
Bit him.
He jerked his hand out of her mouth with a reflexive yelp. “What the –” He throttled a curse. The serpent thrashed, demanding to be set free.
“Just go. You’ll understand soon enough. It’s all I can do. Now get away. We’re both still alive, you’re free. Stay that way! Go! Go!” Her eyes were liquid with tears, confusing him.
Right now, he thought, the capture team is probably working their way around both sides of the building, with one guy covering the door that they sure aren’t going to come through again. She’s right; I have to get out now.
“Thanks anyway, and you’re welcome,” he hissed angrily. Crazy bitch, his mind spat unbidden, I was just starting to like her. Shaking his bitten hand in disgust, he backed up low, keeping the trailer between himself and the building. Moving behind the scrubby line of pine trees, he then ran to the back of the van and climbed in the rear door.
Through the windshield he could see one man coming around the right end of the building, with that big shotgun-thing in his hands. It looked like a grenade launcher, one of those rotary kind with a dozen shots, like a huge revolver. Probably loaded with flechette, something to take down a super-healer.
The front parking lot of the building was filled with activity as bikers roared off or spread out to watch from a distance in about equal numbers. The ones with no record or warrants outstanding stayed for the fun, and to prove they were not afraid.
Lights and activity provided a backdrop and enough confusion that Daniel wasn’t worried they would see him here in the back seat of his van, watching from behind the front headrest. They might think it was Elise that had fired at them. It didn’t really matter what they thought, though, for he could hear sirens in the southern distance. Someone had called 911 and Stafford County’s finest were on their way.
Daniel was right; as he watched, they just grabbed Elise and dragged her off, three of them, big men in ill-fitting dark suits. A fourth opened the door to the black Suburban at the edge of the front parking lot, and the thinning crowd of bikers parted like the Red Sea as the three men walked through waving their cannons. Moments later they were gone northbound in a screech of tire smoke.
Daniel followed discreetly, heading north too, trailing behind. He wished he could follow them but that would play into their hands. Instead, he wanted to duck into Quantico Marine Base to avoid getting pulled over by the sheriffs’ department and having to answer their questions. He’d risk the slight possibility of a search at the Marine gate. Usually the faded windshield sticker with Senior Master Sergeant’s stripes, and his retired ID card, were good for a wave-through with hardly a look.
He got in all right at the commissary gate, to relative safety. Whatever you could say about the Agency, they did not like to tangle with the Department of Defense without all their ducks in order. DOD didn’t much like them either, and Defense was the 800-pound gorilla of the US Government.
The sheriffs’ department, on the other hand, had no problem busting service people on County turf. Lawyer’s fees, court costs and fines kept them in shiny new cop equipment, so he was glad to get on base where they couldn’t reach.
Daniel pulled into the on-base McDonald’s drive-through and got two Big Mac meals. Hungry, he’d eaten nothing but a ham sandwich in some very strange circumstances since coming home less than three hours ago. Was it only that long? Since then, his whole world had turned upside down.
Sitting in the parking lot with the van’s rear against the dumpster-corral wall, he watched and thought. He doubted they knew where he was, or they’d have had him by now, but they must have been tracking Elise. Some kind of bug, like the bloodhound modules used in the sandbox for certain ops. About the size of a pack of cigarettes, a little antenna, a strong magnet, turn it on, stick it under an enemy bumper and as long as the battery lasted you could track him, intel or drone fodder.
He crammed burger into his mouth, sucked down the first Coke in one long pull. Eating the entire first large fries in three big bites, he then slowed down to work on the second meal, and kept thinking.
There was still the mess at his house, unless they cleaned it up. They probably would. And since they had avoided the sheriffs, they didn’t want involvement with local law enforcement. They would want to keep looking for him themselves, he figured.
Well, he’d do his best not to be found.
After finishing off the food his belly felt comfortably distended, so he looked idly at his left hand and the human bite Elise had bestowed on him. Had she lost her mind? She didn’t seem out of her head. What had she meant, “You’ll understand”? The wound wasn’t severe, just a few blood spots where her canines had cut, and some generalized bruising that was fading already.
Pulling out his aid bag, he unrolled it to access the equipment. He poured some disinfectant on his hand, wrapped it in some gauze, tied it off awkwardly with his teeth and forgot about it.
His watch beeped twenty hundred, eight p.m. The Marine Corps Exchange was still open and it was right over his shoulder, a hundred yards across the parking lot. All right, time to improve my supply situation.
He drove over and parked just on the side of the enormous building, then grabbed a cart and went shopping. An ice chest, always useful. A two-gallon water jug. Some MREs, meals ready-to-eat. Field gear. A few other odds and ends, another two prepaid disposable phones and a pack of batteries for them. He’d have to make some calls sometime. Paying cash again, he loaded his purchases in the van, then drove off down a side-street and parked next to a pair of battered white base engineer work vans, blending right in.
Then Daniel and the serpent turned in, exhausted.



-6-

Elise sat crunched between two big men, Karl and Miguel, and kept her mouth shut. They weren’t the type of guys to fall for feminine wiles or pleas for sympathy. Knowing what she was, they viewed her with unbridled ruthlessness. Short of killing her or maybe amputating something, they knew they could damage the goods any way they wanted and get away with it. And she didn’t like the way Miguel always looked at her, as if he’d like to handcuff her to her lab bench and give his lusts free rein. She was pretty sure he wouldn’t, not really, for fear of contracting the virus and giving up his love of cruelty.
Shivering, she remembered just how vulnerable she was. Super-healing should give me an advantage, but all I can think about is being trapped as a combination researcher and laboratory subject. Studying myself. That’s irony for you. She’d rolled the dice and lost, this time, but she’d given what she could to Daniel and she had to hope that would be enough.
Sinking down into the seat as the Suburban shot southward to the next interstate feeder, she concentrated on not feeling the despair, or hunger. Looking at her skeletal hand in the flickering light, she felt the cramping in her guts. Maybe… “Hey, Karl,” she said softly. “Do we have any food in here?”
The minder ignored her. She could tell he felt personally betrayed by her attempt to escape, since he’d always been respectful of her. Or perhaps it was because they’d lost the younger Jenkins. Yes, that must have been it. He must feel like he’d failed in his duty.
“Look,” she reminded them, “you know my caloric needs. You know how valuable I am to the program. My body weight is under a hundred pounds and falling right now.” She held up her papery-skinned hand for his inspection. “By the time we get back to the lab there might be irreversible damage.”
“Should have thought about that before you tried to run, puta,” snarled Miguel.
“She’s right, though,” responded Karl, resigned. “If we bring her in damaged it will just be worse. There’s some kind of burger drive-through up there; pull in.”
“You buy the food, then,” grumbled Miguel. “I gotta take a piss.” He hopped out as they pulled up to the microphone.
“Thanks,” Elise said.
“Shut up,” Karl said flatly. “I’m not your buddy, and even if I was, buddy’s only half a word.”
She wondered what he meant. Some kind of military thing.
Occupying herself, she thought about Daniel, about his tortured eyes, eyes she had to run from out of necessity, but eyes that perhaps could be part of someone that would – what? Save her? If she’d read his file right, he would. That’s why she had tricked Jenkins into choosing him.
At least it was a chance.

***

Sleep was a big black scary thing inhabited by dreams where Daniel pumped round after round into Men In Black. They either wouldn’t go down, or the bullets would exit the gun with a little pop and bounce off their chests, and he would end up in a fistfight where he’d punch and punch and couldn’t hurt them and they would laugh. Then it would turn into something else, something from his past, like dragging his dead best buddy Hector Koltunczyk into a hollow in the dirt, trying to plug the leaks in him with his fingers, but Hector sprouted fountains of blood like one of those flexible hose sprinklers where the water came out the holes.
Long ago he had come to the realization that not even his new, Pararescue-trained self of several years later could have saved his friend, but if there was any one thing that drove him to leave the Army Airborne and try out for PJ, it was that incident where Hector died in his hands in Mogadishu.
It had taken a boatload of pushing, a break in service, giving up his stripes and starting over to make the move to the Air Force Pararescue program. The Army hated it when people didn’t re-up, and they dangled goodies, choice assignments and choice jobs, in front of him. He’d wanted to learn to save lives as well as take them, though, and they couldn’t guarantee him Special Forces Medic, which was the only other possibility he’d considered.
So he went PJ. That was the nickname for “parajumper,” Pararescueman. Despite the ninety percent odds of washout, he had not only qualified, but had excelled at it all the way through the Pipeline. Seventeen months of training just to graduate, “That Others May Live.” That was the Pararescue motto.
At the end of it Daniel Markis was one of fewer than three hundred of the very best combat lifesavers in the world, cross-trained with a variety of special ops expertise. Small arms, water operations, light aircraft, survival, mountaineering, demolitions, you name it, he’d done it in sixteen years in the PJs. Some of his Army buddies had thought he was a pogue or some kind of traitor for going green to blue, but none of his real friends did. Nobody that met an Air Force PJ at work ever thought so either.
That Others May Live. That’s why he did it.
He was elite of the elite, back then, a sky-god in a blood-red beret, before that IED took it all away from him, leaving him with a bum knee and a bad back and a serpent in his brain.
Daniel realized he’d gone from dreaming to drowsy reminiscing somewhere along the line, as dawn was breaking over Quantico. The sounds of Marines at morning PT came from off in the distance, and a five-ton truck drove by his parking place with a rattle.
Sitting up, he sucked down a half-liter bottle of water, then slipped out the side door and took a leak between the vans. He was hungry again, really hungry, so he went to the Mickey Dee’s one more time and ate his fill. Nobody seemed to be looking for him, and with hair cut high and tight he blended in pretty well here, though his shave was a day old.
Halfway through his third McMuffin it hit him: no headaches this morning, and the serpent was hiding.
Usually he woke up with a near-migraine that took four ibuprofen, a vicodin and a triple espresso to tamp it all down to a manageable level. His knee should’ve been locked up stiff too, and his back hurting, but right now he was pain-free for the first time in a long while. Since Afghanistan. And jones-free too, for that matter.
Looking at the gauze on his hand, on impulse he unwound it to check the wound. He rubbed at the dried blood, then finished the sandwich and got up to go into the restroom. After washing his hand he stared at it.
Nothing there.
No bite, no bruise, smooth pristine skin. And he felt good, better than he’d felt in a while. His face stared back at him in the scratched-up mirror for a while, until someone else came in to use the toilet. Shaking himself out of his reverie, he went back out to finish his breakfast, pancakes and hash brown patties and coffee and large orange juice.
He sat and thought about super-healing. Stupid, pulp-sci-fi name, but what else should he call it? X-factor? Sounded like a TV talent show. Wolverine, like that comic-book guy? Maybe H-factor. Or XH, experimental healing. Because it had to be experimental. The government could never keep secrets for long, no matter what the conspiracy nuts thought. The government was made up of people, good people and bad people and heroes and stupid arrogant people like Jenkins who lost control of missions and secrets. But what was the secret this time?
The obvious answer was it was a kind of drug. Shoot up, accelerate the body’s natural healing, instant cure. But a drug couldn’t be passed on with a bite, like what he thought had happened. Elise bit me, deliberately, and said I’d understand. So she transferred it to me, at least some of it. Already he was grateful to her for that.
Discounting the supernatural – and he wasn’t, not completely, but his mind shied away from that for now – it would have to be some kind of parasite or bacteria or virus, that was able to spread from person to person and help them out. Or maybe…what about nanites? Like in science fiction, like those Borg things that injected you and took over your body and mind with germ-sized machines. But no matter what, it had to be something small, and self-replicating, self-sustaining.
He wondered how much the XH could cure. Obviously gross injuries were possible. And cancer, if he could believe Elise. What about AIDS? What about aging? Life extension, even immortality? Did they even realize what they had?
His mind whirled with the possibilities.
If it conferred youth and immortality, it would change the world like nothing ever. The rich would pay anything, and people would kill for it. People would go to war for it. In fact, it might win wars, making soldiers into fearless super-warriors. And who would decide who got it?
But Elise had said something about a downside, some kind of disadvantage…maybe some kind of burnout? Maybe instead of immortality it used up the bearer, ate up his vitality so the more healing he had to do, the shorter his life was. Maybe. But Elise had looked younger than Daniel was, twenties maybe, and cute and gutsy, under all that blood and stress.
She said she had been a scientist before her cancer was deemed terminal, that she had worked for them a few years…seemed about right. And what had she said – “Yeah, there’s a downside, at least for the Company.” Not for her, but for the Company. So it couldn’t be a shortened lifespan, he thought. Maybe it had no effect on lifespan. Maybe it froze your age just as you were, like in a vampire story. That might be nice, if you got it young.
He sighed, rubbing his face. Too many questions, too many possibilities. And he needed answers, because whatever it was, it was inside him too.
He had no way to contact Elise, so he would just have to hope she was all right and could get in touch with him sometime. Putting her out of his mind for now, he told himself he didn’t owe her anything.
Leave her to rot. 
Right. 
His conscience sharply disagreed with him. Kind of funny, because the serpent had held his conscience captive for quite a while. Maybe the XH was healing some of his brain damage, and if the XH healed his body too, got rid of the headaches and concussions and bum knee and aching back and the persistent spiral fractures from too many hard landings and everything else, even if that was all it did, then he guessed he owed her a lot. Besides, there was the way she’d looked at him, even while he pointed a gun at her. No terror. Caution, sure, but a kind of trust and hope, too, emotions he had missed for a long time in his life, feelings that tugged at him and made him think of things beyond just rescuing her.
Building castles in his mind.
He pushed that aside for now. First he had to get an idea of what was happening at his house. He wouldn’t be any good to anyone, least of all Elise, if he walked blindly into a manhunt. No, he had to reach out, get some help.
He drove to a beer joint he knew of in Quantico Town. This was a unique little municipality, a tenth of a square mile, entirely enclosed by Quantico Marine Base. Residents got passes to come and go, all five hundred of them or so. But what was even more unique, the unusual thing that he needed, was the pay phone inside. Not too many of those around but things didn’t change very fast in quaint old Quantico Town.
Ignoring the “closed” sign on the door of the Forward Observer pub, he shoved the door open and went on in. If you looked like you belonged, Felix the owner would ignore the archaic eighteenth-century law still on the books that said you can’t sell alcohol before noon. That’s why the door wasn’t locked, that and they made a few bucks in the morning selling coffee and smokes and breakfast sandwiches and day-old donuts to guys on their way to work. Fortunately, Felix wasn’t in to recognize him, just a chesty young thing with a wedding ring, in too-tight jeans and a tee shirt, makeup over acne, probably the teen wife of a teen Marine, making a few extra bucks.
“Whatcha want?” she said with that fake brightness servers put on. Standing hipshot, she pointed with one long nail over her shoulder at the menu chalked on the wall.
Ah, the brashness of the young.
Daniel didn’t sit down. “Three ham cheese and egg bagels, large coffee to go.” He pulled a gallon of milk out of a fridge. “This too. The head that way?” She nodded, and he went back in the direction of the facilities, which happened to be where he knew the phone was.
His first call was to his next-door neighbor Trey, a friendly Creole from Louisiana who’d married a nice German girl on a tour in Bitburg and eventually settled down in Virginia after retiring from the Army. Even in the twenty-first century, a black man bringing a white girl home to “N’awlins” had a tough row to hoe.
“No, nothing unusual going on, DJ, what’s up?” he asked.
“Nobody in my driveway, no visitors, nothing like that?” They kept an eye on each others’ houses, because there were four schools in the area and a few kids always had sticky fingers.
“Nope. Why, something wrong?” he pried gently.
Daniel would have loved to tell him, the way he was feeling right now. Trey was a neighbor, a fellow vet but not really a brother in arms. He could probably be trusted to a point, but Daniel didn’t want to involve him if he didn’t have to, so he dissembled, though it was painful to do so. “No, just missed a meeting with a friend, wondered if he came by there.”
“Okay…well, you let me know if I can do anything.”
Daniel could tell Trey didn’t buy it, but he stuck to the plan. “Thanks, Trey. Hey I might be out of town for a week or two, could you pick up my mail and keep an eye on the place for me?”
“Yeah, DJ. Sure.” He sounded hurt.
Man, he hated that.
“Look – Trey, I can’t talk about it right now, okay? You know how it is. But I’ll tell you when I can.” With that half-lie and half-promise, he hung up. Then he called work, told them he was really sick and wouldn’t be in for a week. In that time it either wouldn’t matter or it would be all over.
Daniel thought of calling his dad, who was a good guy to have with you in a situation. David Jonah Markis, Chief Warrant Officer Four, US Army retired. He’d fought in Vietnam, driving Hueys, and had been wounded a bunch of times flying guys in and out of hot landing zones. Purple Heart with oak leaf clusters, and a Silver Star for the time he went down and carried his wounded copilot seven miles through enemy territory to the nearest US firebase, with an AK round in his left lung. He lived in South Carolina now, had sixty acres and his own grass airstrip south of Blacksburg, and an old but airworthy Piper Cub to keep him busy. But if they knew who Daniel was, they knew his dad too and might be watching him. If Daniel wanted to talk to him he’d have to figure out a way to do it without bringing the trouble to the elder Markis.
But there were some that they didn’t know about, he hoped. They couldn’t cover everyone. No one had unlimited resources, not even the Agency. And they had limited powers inside the US anyway; they had already broken any number of laws and while a certain amount of that could be covered up, it became more and more risky the more they did. He had to depend on them not knowing he had the XH in him. He hoped they thought it was just a missed opportunity and they wouldn’t frame a federal charge to get the FBI and every other law enforcement agency in the country looking for him.
He got out his beat-up Army-issue green memo book that he’d had forever, that he’d carried to the Gulf and back. It had long since been laminated and converted into a home address book and retired to a drawer, but he had grabbed it on the way out of the house and now looked up Ezekiel “Zeke” Johnstone’s number. He had to risk it, and since he hadn’t contacted Zeke since forever, he hoped they hadn’t connected the two of them yet.
Calling, he reached a screening service. Right, this number isn’t on his safe list. He said, “720th” at the beep, waited through Please Enjoy The Music While We Reach Your Party, and almost gasped with relief when he heard Zeke pick up.
“Yeah?” he said, his voice neutral.
“It’s me, man. Deej. Think a few years back. 720th, Kandahar. I can’t say any more, they might have a keyword trace.”
“Yeah man, I got it. Let me call you back on a better line.”
He could hear a woman’s voice, a shriek of childish mirth in the background. He closed his eyes as he hung up. Damn, I hate to drag him into this.
A minute later the pay phone rang and Daniel picked back up.
“All right, I’m on a one-off. You sure they ain’t got your end?”
“Not a hundred percent, but ninety-nine-point nine. It’s a pay phone and if they knew where I was they’d already have picked me up.”
“All right. What you get into this time? Another loan shark?”
Daniel used to gamble, and lose. It was one risk of being an adrenaline junkie – when ops slowed down, you had to find something for a jolt. Some guys drank too much, chased women, or took up high-risk sports. Skydiving, that was a given. Bungee jumping, jet-ski, flying, racing…he did all of that, especially the drinking…he had also played craps. A lot. He’d gotten stuck. The inevitable mathematics of the house odds had eventually strangled him, and he borrowed from the wrong people. Zeke and some of his guys had helped him out with that. Daniel paid him back and he’d been clean ever since.
“No, nothing so simple. This is something big, something black, blacker than black. Man, I hate to involve you, what with Cassie and the kids, but it’s either you or run for the border. I don’t want to run yet.”
“It’s all right, man. You know what I owe you.”
“You don’t owe me your family. I think you need to cut them out. Get some distance.”
He could see Zeke in his mind’s eye, thinking and chewing the inside of his cheek the way he always did. “All right. Can you find the cabin?”
“I was thinking the same thing. Yeah, I can find it. I’m pretty sure there’s nothing to lead them to it. And Zee-man…might want to put out a warning order for a few more guys, just in case. This is some through-the-looking-glass stuff, and I don’t know how deep the rabbit hole goes.”
“Just don’t tell me I’m going to wake up in a tank full of goo with a tube down my throat.”
“Well, I got a red pill for you here, if you want it.”
He snorted. “All right, Morpheus. When can you be there?”
Daniel thought for a moment, trying to calculate the distance and time. About ten hours to Cave Run Lake, Kentucky. “Sometime tonight, I think. Same white van.”
“Okay, brother. You take care, and I’ll see you tonight.”
He put down the phone, used the head, then went out and paid for his food order. He brought it out to the van and ate a bagel sandwich sitting there in the seat, watching Quantico go about its morning routine. After drinking a half a gallon of the milk he started on the coffee. Hunger pangs seemed to come and go, and apparently he had to feed them when they did.
On the road he passed the inbound base traffic piled up at the gate. Then he took it easy, driving in the right lane south down I-95, letting his thoughts flow.
Things were a thousand times better now. Yeah, he felt a little guilty for putting Zeke on the spot, but what were friends for, anyway, and Daniel had saved his life, after all. In some cultures that meant he was responsible for Zeke. Either way, me for him, him for me.
There was nothing quite like the bond between men who had faced death together. It sounded corny, even in his mind, but it was the unspoken truth that turned recruits into veterans and boys into men on the battlefield, and had for millennia. It was more important than just about anything else, on a par with the love between husband and wife. In fact, Daniel knew guys who would choose their brothers in arms before their wives, maybe even their kids.
Might not be right, but it was strong, very strong.
 That didn’t mean he even liked the guys, always. Sometimes he couldn’t even stand them, outside of an op, and Daniel was always a bit of a loner, hadn’t worried about keeping in touch. He could always find them later, he’d thought.
Greater love hath no man than this, that he lay down his life for his friends. He hadn’t memorized many Bible verses, but that was one of them. He couldn’t remember who said it, but that guy really knew what he was talking about. I hope he died well, saving his friends. Couldn’t ask for a better way to go. I know I’d welcome it when it came, if I died doing my duty, so others could live.
Daniel shook off his melancholy thoughts. Maybe the XH meant he didn’t have to think about dying anymore, or his buddies dying or anyone. Maybe XH would put him out of business. That was a strange idea. This stuff was going to change the world, if the unknown downside didn’t turn out to be too bad.
In any case, physically he felt great, better and better by the hour. His thoughts were clearer, his body hummed with vitality and health. It was an overnight revolution. And all he had to do was bite someone, he figured, to pass it on. He had a feeling of power, of the ability to bestow a gift on his friends and withhold it from his enemies, whoever they were. Then he felt a sudden stab of conscience, realizing that he wouldn’t, couldn’t withhold it from anyone that needed it. That Others May Live was his code. Not That Others Who I Happen To Like May Live.
Daniel’s resolve crystallized. He realized then that everyone had to have this stuff.
Conscience nagged at him as he drove, with nothing to do but think and listen to the radio. He started remembering stupid things he’d done as a kid, growing up in Omaha. He’d hurt people, emotionally and physically. He’d been a jerk, because he could be. He was big and tough and athletic and good-looking and he’d used and discarded girls like paper cups, drinking his fill then tossing them away. He’d had a filthy mouth, he’d gotten into fights, and he’d bullied weaker people around him. It was all for their own good, of course, and they deserved it, of course, and he deserved whatever he wanted from life, of course.
Of course.
He’d kept a purer part of himself compartmentalized, in a box marked “Duty,” and that was sacred. In that box he was a paladin. Everything in there he did right, everything by the book unless completing the mission called for a deviation, and the mission was everything.
But outside of duty, he’d been a son of a bitch.
Then Becky came along. God, she was beautiful, with sandy straight hair in bangs, freckles, a generous figure that he found just right - and she had a young daughter. It was fireworks and flame for a while, and they got married.
It lasted five years, until the drinking and gambling and stupidity ruined it all. They didn’t have any kids of their own, either. It was Daniel, his half of it, that poisoned the well too, just one more contributing factor.
I can’t be much of a man if I was shooting blanks with my own wife, right? He had too much medical training to deny a low sperm count.
A wave of guilt washed over him and he ground his teeth, tears of regret leaking out in the privacy of his van at sixty-five miles per hour. He had never faced his own culpability, and it was cleansing to just accept it.
Dr. Benchman used to tell him he had to take responsibility for things he’d done and he would feel better. He’d preferred Prozac and Ritalin and Dexedrine, but he realized he didn’t want those now.
I think the XH is fixing me.
Was XH going to put the shrinks out of a job too?
An inkling of the downside started to rattle around in the deep recesses of his thoughts, way down there where things he didn’t want to think about lurk. He couldn’t see it clearly but he figured that given time it would eventually surface.
Feeling better, his thoughts turned to Elise. He’d shot her, she’d made a fool of him by escaping – or had he let her go? Maybe he could have tried harder. He’d never killed a woman – not that he knew of, anyway. Never had a woman fire a weapon at him either. Maybe he’d had a soft spot? It wasn’t something he’d thought about much. Then he hadn’t kept her out of their clutches at the biker bar, but he might have had to kill four men in front of witnesses to do it, and she’d been so adamant. Turning it all over in his mind, he kept trying to analyze his own feelings.
Okay, he admitted it to himself. He was interested. She’d shown backbone, and every man likes a woman with a spine, a woman he can respect, but there was something more there, a connection he felt. Part of it was the shared experience of combat, of the life and death stress that welds people together in unusual ways. Still, there was more to it than that. Was he fooling himself? It was the way she had looked at him, like she knew him.
At least he had all day to think about it.



-7-

By the time Elise was back home – if she could call a cheap apartment she never wanted “home” – she was bone tired. But at least she was healed up after they had stuffed her with food. Correction, Karl had. Miguel just sat there and glared into the rear-view mirror after Karl had made him sit up front. He’d kept trying to cop a feel and she’d complained about it. A true international asshole. Russian hands and Roman fingers.
“Pack a couple of bags. Doc says you gotta live at the lab for a while.”
“Great. Just great.”
“He says it’s for your own protection too. He said Jenkins had powerful friends and they won’t be happy he’s dead.”
Elise protested incredulously, “It’s not like I killed him. I did exactly what he told me to, and almost died for it. As far as I know he just pissed off the wrong guy.”
“Doesn’t matter. Pack. As much as you like. It might be a while before you come back.” Karl was a bulldog, and she knew she couldn’t change one bit of his mind.
She started packing.
When they got to the lab, Karl threw her bags down in one of the sleeping rooms, the one right across from the security cubby. They probably have cameras in my bedroom, too. Have to change in the dark or give them a show. At least I’ll have work to do – Bobo and Mandy and the computers and gene sequencers and Arthur and Roger…I’ll be all right. She told herself to cheer up, then took a shower, turned off the light and threw herself onto the lower bunk.
She awoke hours later when the door opened. Miguel stood in the doorway staring at her. “Get out!” she snarled.
He only smiled, an evil thing. “Doc wants to see you. He says get your cute ass up.”
“Really.” She didn’t move from under the blanket. “Fine. I’ll be out in ten minutes.”
He stared some more, as if he expected her to get naked in front of him.
“Get out or I’ll tell the Doctor about you.” She sat up suddenly, the blanket held to her neck. “Or maybe I’ll bite you!” She hissed, showing unimpressive, very human fangs, and made as if to lunge at him.
Nevertheless he jumped back, and then spat on the floor and slammed the door shut with a curse.
She laughed darkly to herself, then opened her bags and began to dress.

***

Nine hours after he left Quantico, Daniel was muscling the van around the twists and turns of State 211 south out of Salt Lick, Kentucky, looking for Clear Creek Road, then Buck Creek Road. After that, it was all by memory, looking for the unmarked gate with a “Trespassers Will Be Violated” sign on it, then off into the wooded hills on the rutted dirt track. Branches scraped along the roof and sides of the van, adding to the innumerable dings already there. He’d got it cheap in a fleet auction, and never regretted it. If anything scraped too deep he just sprayed some white enamel over it.
After ten minutes of rollercoaster he drove up to Zeke’s cabin, rustic but well maintained. There was a big barn next to it, and he pulled up midway between, headlights shining on the large door. He turned off the engine and the headlamps, leaving the parking lights on and turning on the dome light overhead. He put his hands on the steering wheel and waited.
A moment later he heard something and froze in place. If it were hostiles, he was screwed anyway. He had to believe it was Zeke or one of his guys, checking him out.
A faint sound, like a breath, came from behind his left ear. His eyes flicked to the door mirror and he could see the barrel of an assault weapon with a short, dark figure behind it. About the same time Zeke came around the corner of the barn, dressed in some old BDUs. He was easy to identify, big and bearded. He’d gotten paunchy since retirement, but he still moved easily. He would be in his early fifties, about ten years older than Daniel. He walked confidently up to the open window, waving the gunman back. Reaching through, he clasped hands with Daniel.
“DJ!”
“Zeke. Really good to see you, man. Is that Spooky back there?”
“You know it. Still doing his thing.”
Spooky was a little Asian guy, what Daniel’s dad would have called a Montagnard. His name, what ended up on his documents anyway, was Nguyen Pham Tran. The Vietnamese equivalent of John Smith. He had come over as a teenager in the Boat People wave of the 1980s, and joined the US Army as soon as he could. Ninjas had nothing on Spooky in the bush. His family had been anticommunist insurgents until they got sent to the reeducation camps. Spooky didn’t talk about it much.
“Hey, Spooky,” Daniel called over his shoulder, now that he felt he could move without getting shot. He heard a grunt in reply. When he got out of the van, he didn’t see Spooky anymore. He’d faded back into the woods.
Daniel hugged Zeke, slapping his back. “Good to see you, man.” He stretched, then bent over, touched his toes, loosening up his muscles after the long drive.
“That physical therapy must be working, if you can stretch your back like that,” Zeke observed. “Let’s go inside. Spooky’s enjoying having woods to play in. We’re lucky he was between jobs.”
The little man kept busy working for defense contractors, personal security. Sometimes that meant just what it sounded like – keeping VIPs safe in rough country. Sometimes it meant off-the-books clandestine and covert work, all plausibly deniable.
“You still teaching at that gun club?” Daniel asked.
“Yep. Certified Master Instructor, senior Range Safety Officer, all that. Once the relic holding the top job finally retires or croaks, I’ll be in charge of all range operations. Nice and cushy.” He paused, chewed his lip. “Too cushy. Run your van into the barn, will you?”
Daniel did that, as he opened and closed the big door behind him. There was a Jeep Cherokee, a Land Rover and a Porsche Cayenne parked inside. I bet the Porsche is Spooky’s. He always did have champagne tastes.
As they walked out the side, man-sized door, Daniel said, “Well, if what I got to tell you doesn’t get your cushy butt off the couch, I don’t know what will.”
They went into the cabin, grabbed a couple of cold ones out of the fridge – Zeke a beer, Daniel a diet peach iced tea. They sat down in the dim glow from the coals of the fireplace, no artificial lights on. Daniel breathed in the familiar, comforting smells of canvas and wool, old fish and deer’s blood, wood and smoke.
Setting his tea on a side table next to his elbow he stared across at Zeke. “I only want to tell this once, so can we get Spooky and anyone else you got around in here? He needs to hear it too.”
“It’s just Spooky and me so far.” He pulled a little sport walkie out of his jacket pocket and keyed the mike twice, then twice more. Private code for “bring it in,” Daniel guessed.
A minute or so later he felt the faint stir of air that accompanied a door opening, but try as he might he didn’t hear a thing until the hot pot in the kitchen started boiling. He saw Spooky moving around in the next room with a stainless steel tea ball then heard him pour. He came in with the mug, sat down across from Daniel. His face was sharp and closed, wary as always. He wasn’t Daniel's friend, but he was Zeke’s, and that was good enough for now.
Daniel told them the story, then, from the open door at his house to departure from Quantico, leaving nothing out but some of his own private thoughts.
Spooky’s face showed nothing. Zeke’s more open countenance displayed doubt and wonder. He ran his left hand repeatedly over his face, smoothing his beard, his eyes distant, thinking. Daniel was sure his mind was running down some of the same tracks his had, and he would come to some of the same conclusions pretty soon. Now he would see what these guys were made of.
Zeke got up and began pacing. Spooky nodded at Daniel, then slipped out of the cabin again, probably to make another sweep. Daniel would have bet cash money there was nothing to worry about out there, but Spooky wasn’t taking any chances. Hopefully he’d swept the van for bugs, too.
“Got anything to eat?” Daniel asked, uneasy in the silence.
“Yeah…” They went into the kitchen and Zeke turned on the little light over the stove. He pulled out a fragrant pot of something from the fridge, set it on a gas burner and lit it. “Cass sends her love. And her stew.”
Daniel laughed. “Ditto, and I get to enjoy the stew.” Then his face fell. “Maybe you shouldn’t have mentioned me to her.”
“Yeah. Well, I’m fresh out of the habit of lying to my wife.”
“I hope you didn’t tell her precisely where you were going.”
“I’m not that out of practice. I just told her I had to help you out for a few days, and I couldn’t tell her where. She’s a Special Forces wife and a retired spy. She understands.”
He got out a loaf of bread and sliced it up, next to a bowl of butter. They waited for the stew to warm up, and for Daniel’s story to sink in.
Zeke opened his mouth a couple of times to speak, then closed it, false starts. Finally he said, “All right. So you say you got this XH in you, whatever it is. So you can heal like magic, almost, if you’re the same as Elise now. If it doesn’t take longer to get to its full strength. If it doesn’t have some unknown freaky side effect. And you can pass it in a bite. But maybe you’ll turn into a werewolf when the moon is full, or maybe you’ll burn up your years of life, or maybe you’ll get a taste for blood and go Dracula on our asses, or who knows. But I have to see it for myself. I mean, I wanna believe you, man, but…”
“Trust but verify, right? Yeah, I figured. Well, as far as I know it doesn’t protect from pain, so pardon me if I don’t chop off a pinky. This ought to do.” Daniel picked up a paring knife, put his hand down on the butcher-block counter, palm up. He stabbed the tip into the meaty part of his left hand. He had some callus on it from working the bags, but it still caused a pretty deep little cut and a welling of purplish blood. He held it over the sink and dripped for a minute, just for proof.
Daniel could feel something happening, a nervous surge, like a jolt of adrenaline. His mouth started watering, and he had a definite attack of the munchies. He buttered a piece of bread one-handed and ate it, which calmed them down for a bit. After a couple minutes of waiting, he ran his hand under the cold tap, rubbing the spot with his other hand until it was completely clean.
Then held it out for inspection.
Zeke grabbed it and looked closely, pulling Daniel’s hand over under the stove light.
The wound was gone.
The stew was starting to smell really good.
“And all that happens besides the healing is you get hungry?”
“Yeah, so far, just like I told you Elise did. She was tore up and she wolfed down four or five pounds of food like it was nothing, and a quart of orange juice, and I bet she needed more. It must take energy and building blocks – sugars, protein, amino acids, vitamins and minerals, stuff like that. Just like recovering from a hard workout but a thousand times more and faster.”
“Not much of a downside, if you get your bum knee and your bad back and your concussions and whatall fixed.” He licked his lips. “I wonder about Ricky.”
Daniel raised his eyebrows, shrugged sympathetically. Ricky was Zeke’s son. He must be about eleven, and he had muscular dystrophy. Duchenne’s. He would already be in a powered wheelchair. Daniel had volunteered at a Jerry’s Kids’ camp a few times, so he knew. He also knew that pretty soon Ricky wouldn’t even be able to use his hands to control the chair. By twenty or twenty-five he would be almost helpless, probably bedridden. Most people with DMD didn’t make it to thirty. It made Daniel feel a little guilty, because it smacked of manipulation, holding out a cure for his friend’s son.
Zeke wondered, “But what happens if it heals him, then whatever ticking time bomb of a side effect is even worse? Until we know that, we can’t even try. What if it didn’t cure him, but did…whatever? Turned him into a monster? His mother would never forgive me.”
“You’re starting to get it, what I’ve been agonizing over. We have to know what the downside is. And there’s only one person I know of that knows anything.”
“This Elise Wallis woman.”
“Yeah.”
“Then we have to find her and spring her.” He made it sound like running to the store to pick up a quart of milk.
Daniel frowned. “Spring her, I can see. But how do we find her? I’m just an operator, and a pretty fine stitch. You’re an A-team leader; hell you were, what do they call it, a detachment commander? There are a couple more guys I could call that I can count on, but nobody with the skills and contacts to find someone like that, just from a name.”
Zeke smiled, wicked. “Spooky does. His company also does corporate intel.”
“Cool.” And it was. It was a ray of hope.



-8-

Elise walked into the office and sat down in the chair by Doctor Durgan’s desk. This put her well away from Miguel, who couldn’t exactly hover nearby with the Doc in his usual spot – the place of power behind it. She ignored the man, since she couldn’t do much else. She did notice he was wearing gloves, long sleeves and body armor.
That made her feel better. The virus really terrifies him. If he gets it he knows no more rough sex with the hookers downtown. Actually, she mused, two Edens could have sex as rough as they wanted, as long as it was consensual. It’s giving up the genuine violence and the fear in his victims’ eyes that he’s afraid of, surrendering the power and the forcible dominance – call it like it is, the rape. Giving up that thrill. And he hates me all the more that I refuse to knuckle under even a little bit. He’s just another bully.
Durgan cleared his throat, and she realized she had been sitting there woolgathering. “Look Elise,” he said reasonably, “we can’t have any more of this running away. Not just because you’re an important part of the team, even though I know you’re holding out on me. We can’t have you passing the Plague on before we perfect it. If you’d just figure out how to get rid of – or even just reduce – the undesirable effects, we’d be able to start using it to help people. To cure people.”
Elise sighed. “Look, Doctor, we’ve had this argument before. The best thing about it is that the worst people in the world won’t want it, and if they do have it, they will no longer be the worst. Like him.” She jerked her thumb sideways in Miguel’s direction, never taking her eyes off Durgan. “Infect him and you won’t have to worry about him hurting anyone anymore. How many times have you bailed him out of jail?”
“Ah, but if I did that, he might want to run off too. One of the reasons he’s staying here, one of the reasons he is so angry with you, is that he does want the Plague. He just doesn’t want the side effects. If you alter it properly, if you give me a strain that we can use, he’ll be off your back. I’ll make sure he gets reassigned to some other project. In fact, I probably won’t have any choice. He’ll become so valuable to…those above us, they will want to use him for special tasks.”
“You mean he’ll become a more effective thug.” She spat on the floor in Miguel’s direction, and laughed as he jumped back. “Wow. See? His biggest fear is that his evil will be cured.”
“Come on, Elise. You’re a scientist. You don’t believe in evil.”
“Oh, I’m beginning to come around. Just because evil has a basis in neurology doesn’t make it any less horrifying. I’ve seen that ‘good’ – to give it a simple name – can come out of a virus. That means evil is just mental illness. And you’re sitting here refusing to cure someone who is certifiable, because he’s useful to you. What does that make you?”
Durgan’s voice was droll. “You are a master of the obvious, Elise. You know you are right. Miguel is useful.” His voice hardened. “And unless you want to suffer, you’ll stop even talking about spreading your infection. If I have to, I’ll have you confined and your food intake reduced. I can keep you at the edge of starvation for as long as I need to.”
Fear shot through her but she refused to let it show. “I won’t be able to help in the research if you do that.”
“But perhaps it would motivate the others, knowing how much discomfort you are in. And if that doesn’t work, perhaps I will reverse the roles.” Durgan leaned forward, his balding head shining with the sweat of stress – or perhaps it was excitement, power. “Perhaps I will have Miguel abuse someone you care about. Roger. Arthur. Or…how about Bobo?”
In spite of her resolution not to show them any fear, she blanched. I can’t let them hurt Bobo. The chimp would never understand. She would never trust a human again. And even though primates could be carriers, it didn’t affect them exactly the same. They didn’t heal fast like humans did, not in body or in mind.
She couldn’t let them do it.
“All right,” she whispered. “I won’t cause any more trouble.”
Durgan’s face broke out in a big, false smile. “You see? I knew you could be reasonable. Miguel, go get Karl.” When the man had left he went on, “You like Karl, right? Well now that we’re all friends again, he can be your minder. I can be reasonable too.”
“Thank you,” she ground out. The courtesy cost her something. Self-respect, perhaps. But what could she do? Until Daniel showed up – and she hoped he would – she was helpless.

***

The next morning at the cabin the men awoke at dawn. At least, Zeke and Daniel did. Spooky was already up and around somewhere. That guy doesn’t sleep much, thought Daniel.
Zeke talked to Spooky for a minute before they started their morning run, out of Daniel’s earshot. He realized he wasn’t really one of the team. Not yet. All he’d done was fast-rope down to a bad situation and save Zeke’s life on a Kandahar mountainside, and knock off a bunch of Taliban. He hadn’t done any actual ops with him or his people.
Zeke and Daniel walked down a trail that connected to a jogging loop. Daniel hadn’t run for exercise since the IED explosion, and he was eager to find out how healed up he actually was. Zeke was an indifferent runner, and he was getting kind of flabby, but he wanted to see too. They started off slow, real slow, just a little airborne shuffle, but pretty soon Daniel had to hold down his pace. After about a mile, Zeke slowed to a walk, huffing.
“Go on, man. I’m out of shape. I’ll make the circuit at my own speed.”
Daniel nodded, then took off at an easy run. Soon he was feeling really good, kind of floating. Runner’s high, he guessed. The second mile took him around past the cabin, and he kept on going, waving at Spooky looking out the upper barn window. He sped up again, stretching out. He breathed deeply and easily, and felt like he used to, before the explosion that broke his body. Better, even. He felt like he was in his teens again, qualifying for track and field. He might have had a shot at the Olympics if he hadn’t enlisted in a fit of patriotic fervor. He was pretty sure he was running at nearly a four-minute-mile pace.
Fantastic. Whatever the downside, this makes it all worthwhile.
He lapped Zeke in the next quarter-mile, blasting past him to the cabin, then jogging back, cooling down. He walked the last couple of hundred yards along with Zeke.
Zeke looked at him sideways, like he had two heads. “Holy crap. Holy crap,” he kept repeating.
“I try not to put those words together anymore, but I agree with the sentiment,” Daniel answered dryly. “I am a bit hungry, about what I expected. And thirsty.” He ran his head under the outside water pump, then took a bunch of swallows. It tasted metallic. He pumped it a few more times for Zeke, then they walked over to the barn to see what Spooky was doing.
Inside, they found another vehicle, a Toyota SUV, and another, younger man of about twenty-five. He was talking to Spooky, and looked a lot like him, at least to Daniel’s eyes. He was saved from a charge of racial insensitivity by the introduction.
“Vinny Nguyen,” the man said as he stuck out his hand.
Spooky gave him a glare.
“Or Nguyen Van Vinh, if you ask honorable Uncle-san here.”
Double glare.
“I work tech and IT for Brownstone.” At Daniel’s blank look he went on, “The security contractor. Uncle Spoo-”
Spooky lashed out like a striking snake, to slap Vinny on the back of the head. “You have not earned the right to call me that,” he said harshly.
“Uncle Tran Pham,” Vinny started again, heavily, with a careful sideways look at his elder, “called me last night and said I’d be helping out. With something. Which he hasn’t explained yet. Nor has he told me how much it pays, or how long the job is, or anything that normal people get to know when they do a job.” He crossed his arms to glare back at Tran.
Spooky snapped, “This is not normal job. Maybe pay a lot, maybe pay nothing. I don’t call you as a favor to you, I call you because you are family and supposed to be trusted. If you can keep your mouth closed. Do not shame me in front of my commander and his comrade.” He might speak English pretty well, but his heart was still in the mountains of Vietnam, and his diction tended to fall apart under stress.
It occurred to Daniel that his dad and Spooky would get along famously.
Vinny dropped his eyes, the rebelliousness of youth warring with his family, his inherited culture and the force of Tran’s personality. The latter bunch won, and he nodded his agreement. “Okay, okay. What do I need to do?”
Tran pointed at Zeke. “You do what he tell you to. He your boss now.”
Zeke nodded, said to Vinny, “We need to research someone – who she was, who she is, where she works, where she might be now, everything. And we can’t be noticed. There’s big mojo against us, maybe even NSA, so it has to be very clean and light. You up for that?”
“Duh. Nothin’ to it.”
Daniel noticed they had already set up some kind of satellite antenna and a control box up in the barn loft, aimed at the roof. Looking closer, he saw the ceiling seemed different above it.
“Plastic insert, invisible to the satellite signal,” said Zeke, following Daniel’s gaze.
A cable trailed from the setup down to the floor nearby. The two Nguyens quickly set up a couple of tables and started breaking out computers and mysterious electronic boxes from the Pelican cases in the back of the Toyota.
By the time Zeke and Daniel were done showering and cooking breakfast, the electronic setup was done. They carried the food out to the barn and everyone ate while Vinny started on his hacking and cracking. Daniel wrote down everything he knew and could think of that would help, which was little enough. He kept himself busy by breaking out his own laptop and doing some general searches – the police blotters near where he lived, anything on his street, Trey’s name, and innocuous things like that. He got nothing, so after an hour or so he went back to the cabin to help Zeke with some home repairs, make-work while the wiz kid did his thing.
By lunchtime Vinny had a preliminary outline. “All right, here’s the gist. Is this your girl?” He showed Daniel a picture of Elise, with longer hair.
“Yeah, that’s her.”
“Okay, Elise Wallis is straight up until about five years ago, when she gets diagnosed with Hodgkin’s lymphoma. She gets treatment, goes into remission, finishes her Masters in microbiology at Texas A&M, gets hired by the CDC – Centers for Disease Control. Cancer comes back with a vengeance after about two years just as she’s finishing up her PhD, at which point she goes on disability and into aggressive treatment, which fails this time. So she’s in hospice, and a month later, she gets hired.” Vinny had a smug look as he spun around in his chair.
“Hired by who? Not the Agency, or you wouldn’t have that look on your face.”
“Nope,” he grinned. “By a little company called Integrated National Strategies, Inc. get it? INS Inc., in-synch! Like the old boy band.” He laughed uproariously and spun again, until Spooky stopped the chair with his foot and a hard look.
“All right. It’s indistinguishable from about a hundred little consulting companies that usually hover around the big defense contractors looking for scraps, usually because they have some Federal set-aside. Except this company isn’t a set-aside, and they have never subcontracted with a big company. In fact, I can’t find who pays them, but they seem to have about fifteen employees…most of whom have worked in the black world before.”
“Huh,” said Zeke. “So Elise isn’t working directly for the Agency…but indirectly…”
“Right,” answered Vinny. “These guys got ‘Separate Cell’ and ‘Plausible Deniability’ written all over them. There’s probably only one guy in the company that really knows what’s going on and reports to their masters. The rest just do what the nice people that are paying them gobs of money tell them to.”
Daniel said, “That means when she said ‘company,’ she meant a real company, not ‘Company,’ not Agency. That means we actually don’t even know who they are working for. Could be anyone in the black world – could be any government agency, could be a corporation, a rich individual…could be one canny operator that got ahold of this treatment, and is trying to develop it or market it or whatever…Vinny, what kind of people do they have working for them?”
“Umm…if you can believe their online resumes, six bureaucratic types and six personal security specialists. Those are your door-kickers and shooters. All of those have military or law enforcement backgrounds…Special Forces, Ranger, Airborne, Force Recon, sniper…Texas Ranger…if the dossiers are real, a bunch of badasses.” He tossed a pile of stapled papers down on the table. “Figured you’d want to see these.”
“Anyone named Jenkins?” Daniel asked.
“Yeah,” he picked one of the packets up. “Jervis Andrew Jenkins the Fourth, listed as a program manager. Yale grad, BA business, MBA, Skull and Bones, recruited by these guys straight out of school. Old money, family has investments and concerns up in Connecticut and Massachusetts. Lumber, shipping, some other stuff. Probably being groomed for bigger and better things.” Vinny looked smug.
“Ah. That’s not good.” If he had to kill someone, Daniel thought, why did he have to have a rich and powerful family?
Vinny shrugged, looked down for a moment. In fact, unless Daniel missed his guess, Vinny was holding something out on them, savoring the drama and triumph.
Daniel looked at Spooky, raised an eyebrow.
He got it and shifted his stance to convey impatience to his nephew.
“Okay, here’s the kicker,” Vinny continued hurriedly. “The other two employees are scientists as well. So we got a microbiologist – Elise Wallis – a virologist, and an epidemiologist.”
“Only three. Ah’m only a po country doctah,” Daniel put on his best hick accent, “but that sounds like they were working on the XH. And that narrows it down to some kind of germ. A virus, or other disease pathogen. And I’d have a tough time believing that a team of just three people could come up with something like this, though stranger things have happened.”
Spooky spoke up. “Then they did not make it. They study it. Experiment. Decode. Perhaps replicate. Try to fix it, to get rid of the problems.”
Daniel nodded.
“Where are they located?” asked Zeke.
“They have a Norfolk, Virginia office address.”
Daniel felt a surge of relief, and he could see that Zeke had gotten it too. “That means we’re not going up against a well funded, well supported Agency effort. It’s something off to the side, something maybe they don’t even know about. Just a couple people probably, maybe only one, and like all bureaucracies, they have been slow to realize what they got. And maybe INS, Inc. hasn’t seen fit to tell them. Maybe their top guy – who’s the CEO?”
“Raphe K. Durgan. Medical doctor, biologist. Formerly of the USDA, at Plum Island Animal Disease Center.”
“And the Department of Homeland Security took over the island in 2003, with the USDA becoming a tenant,” Zeke chimed in.
“How’d you know that?” Daniel asked, surprised.
Zeke grinned. “You get all over in spec ops.”
Daniel shrugged. “Okay, smart guy. So he’s working on disease, maybe some black projects there, because you know the USDA ain’t the only people doing biological work on the island. Not with Homeland Security running the show. He gets recruited because he has the clearances and has worked on stuff, maybe anthrax or weaponized smallpox or something we’ve never heard of. He gets put in charge of the research effort in this little company because somebody doesn’t want it in the regular system. The heavies are there to keep control of things. Must be the same thugs I saw at the Iron Saddle.”
Daniel felt better and better about things, now that he believed this wasn’t an official effort. It was compartmentalized, maybe even rogue. And while the memory of executing Jenkins still pained him, it pained him less now that he knew Jenkins was off the reservation, maybe making up his own op as he went along. Probably read too many cheap spy novels. Unfortunately Jenkins ran into me. The old me.
I think the new me could have kept control.
One more little piece of the puzzle clicked into place, somewhere at the back of his mind, the part that worked unconsciously. He didn’t know what it was, he just knew it was working, and it would come up with something eventually.
Zeke replied, “That means we got a shot here. They don’t have the resources, unless their sponsor decides to call in some favors.” He looked at Daniel. “Doesn’t mean you shouldn’t be careful. They probably put you on federal fugitive lists, no-fly lists, terrorism watch and report lists. But that’s routine, low-level threat. It means we got breathing room, and it means we might be able to extract your girl Elise, get her away clean and pump her for everything she knows. Figure our next move from there.”
My girl Elise. Funny how that sounds good, though I only spent maybe fifteen minutes with her total. They all stared at each other for a few seconds, then Daniel stuck his hand up. “I’m in.”
“Me too,” said Vinny.
Spooky grunted affirmatively.
Zeke grinned even wider. “God, it feels good to be operational again.”
“On your own dime, though,” Daniel said wryly.
“If this thing turns out to be real and usable and helps Ricky, I’d sell everything I have to get it.”
Daniel knew Zeke was dead serious. He loved that kid.
“Well, I got twenty grand you can use.” He took out and tossed Zeke the packet of cash.
“Sweet.”



-9-

Elise ran the gene sequence simulation for the ninth time. It showed what every other test had – that the virtue effect couldn’t be separated from the other parts of the healing effect. If the virus healed the body, it would heal the brain. If the brain was healed, the mind tended to follow. Old dysfunctional patterns might stay for a while, like a drug addict cured of the physical addiction but remembering the habits – but sooner or later those evils would be cleansed. A healthy mind just wouldn’t let people be comfortable with their cruel, hurtful, antisocial ways anymore. Oh, it wasn’t a perfect cure for bad behavior, but it would take a strong will and a really good reason to override the virtue effect, the strengthened conscience.
Durgan was just a medical doctor, and a rather out-of-date one at that. His real skills were bureaucratic and political. He wasn’t current enough on genetics and virology to see the truth that she saw: that what he wanted was impossible. It simply couldn’t be done by manipulating the virus. The only approach was to somehow counteract it within the brain and endocrine system, the main regulators of mood, emotion, ethics – conscience.
She had thought of many possibilities – electrodes that stimulated the amygdala, the seat of anger and aggression, or heavy doses of stimulants, or manipulating blood sugar, or psychotropics – but nothing that was reliable, or permanent.
Nothing she was willing to try, either, or tell them about.
If Durgan – or his shadowy boss – was half as smart as he thought he was, he would have a completely different lab team, hand-picked for their ruthless amorality, doing those kinds of experiments. Like the CIA tests back in the sixties, with LSD and things like that. Mind control.
Maybe they were. But she couldn’t do anything about it. All she could do was keep wasting her time running useless tests that she already knew would fail. Burning up time. Hoping her long shot would pay off.

She reached out with her soul, not really believing in anything so…unscientific… but hoping anyway. Daniel, where are you!

***

Daniel watched Vinny at his cyber-research, with his uncle Spooky standing over him. That probably didn’t help much. Zeke eventually said something to the elder Nguyen, so he stalked away to do sneaky Spooky things.
Zeke and Daniel cut back a few bushes that were crowding the cabin, and caught up on personal history. Daniel felt elated but a bit fidgety, waiting on information, like the part between the warning order and the op order, when he knew he had to prepare for something but not for what. Waiting on the intel, which was always the best that could be had but was never as good as you wanted.
Intel specialists. Poor schmucks, usually scrawny googly-eyed nerds with oversized Adam’s apples and way too much trivia packed into their noggins. And the worst thing was, for them, if they provided a perfect assessment, everyone just got on with the mission and no one remembered. If they missed anything, everyone hated them and no one forgot.
He’d rather be an operator any day.
He fidgeted until dinnertime, but a lot less than he would have. He could tell Zeke was a bit awkward around him, acting like he might pop or break or grow another head at any time. He tried to cover it, but Daniel could tell. At the same time he was sure Zeke very much wanted to find out what they needed to know. Desperately wanted to cure Ricky, if it could be done. Probably had other plans, as well. Zeke was a thinker, more than Daniel was, and Daniel never thought of himself as a dumb jock. A smart jock at least, if not a geek like Vinny. But Vinny was too young to think more than one or two steps ahead. Zeke was deep. Dummies don’t get to be senior officers in Special Forces.
They had venison for dinner, along with powdered mashed potatoes, boiled peas, bread and butter. It smelled heavenly. Spooky had brought a deer in, a little buck scrawny from winter, but he cooked up fine. Daniel had no idea if it was deer season or even legal. He laughed to himself. My conscience has worse things to beat me up about right now than a deer out of season.
Over dinner, Vinny laid it out. “INS’s office is in Norfolk, but a few phone calls and some pretexting found out that only two people work there. One office, a front desk, a conference room and a closet. Most of the employees live in Onancock.”
Daniel looked blankly at him. In fact, they all did. He waited for someone to make a vulgar joke about such a funny name.
“It’s a little town up on the peninsula north of Norfolk. Here.” Vinny spun around a map he had printed off, showed them.
“Why there?” Daniel asked.
Vinny smiled, kitty-cream. “I’ll show you. Look over here.” He pointed to the west, off the inner coast of the peninsula, at an island about ten miles off shore from the town of Onancock. There wasn’t even a name printed, but he’d handwritten “WATTS.”
“Watts?”
“Watts Island. Uninhabited for about a hundred years. The INS company bought it from the State of Virginia five years ago for five million dollars. Way overpaid for three acres of usable land and a bunch of wet rocks, but the state didn’t ask too many questions. For that price they got an easement to build a facility and do ‘environmental research.’ Here’s imagery.” He laid down three overhead photos of the little island, with good commercial resolution.
Vinny had marked the facility with a red circle. It looked like a big all-steel building, with two smaller ones of similar design, one at each end offset, with a parking lot between the three. In it was a lone white jeeplike vehicle. The buildings made a kind of ‘C’ shape with the open end to the east. There was a short paved road leading from the parking lot to a pier with a boathouse on the east shore.
On the west side of the complex there was a white ‘H’ in the middle of a cleared circle, the universal symbol for a helicopter landing pad. No helo showed on the photo and there didn’t seem to be a hangar. The only other distinguishing features were some sort of utility installations inside a fence next to the building, probably a pair of generators and what looked like a large and a small satellite dish.
“That’s where they are. I’d bet my next paycheck on it.”
“No deal,” said Zeke. “You make more than I do, and you’re probably right. Great work, Vinny.”
Daniel said so too. Even Spooky looked pleased, which wasn’t something people saw very often.
“So here’s this thing,” Daniel said musingly, “maybe the greatest discovery since fire and the wheel, and it’s all pretty much out in the open to be found.”
“That’s actually the best way to hide something anymore,” said Vinny. “Buried in a mass of innocuous data. I had to dig for this stuff. Without the idea that they had something valuable, they would be just another consulting company among hundreds, sucking down the government cheese and churning out reports nobody reads.”
“The Scarlet Letter,” Daniel said. “Hiding in plain sight.”
“I think you mean the Purloined Letter,” said Zeke. “Unless you think these guys are wearing a mark of shame.”
“Oh, yeah. Well, you never know.” I guess my brain isn’t perfectly healed yet. That’s my story and I’m sticking to it.
They all looked at the photos for a while, and started familiarizing themselves with the stack of resumes of the employees. No one had formally spoken it into being yet, but they all knew they were going to be planning a rescue operation.
Daniel felt elated, but uneasy. He didn’t want to be put in the position of injuring or possibly killing someone. While he had no problem with killing in self-defense – he’d done it before, to defend his patients or himself – one of the reasons he became a PJ was to get out of the business of assaulting the enemy as his primary mission. It was a fine line, he knew, maybe so fine that some people couldn’t see it, but saving lives is what he wanted, not to take them. But even if they, yea verily, opened the benighted eyes of the poor misguided researchers and consultants, there were six security specialists, probably good Americans all, who would be doing their duty as they saw it by trying to stop him. To kill him, maybe, protecting their people.
And the idea of putting Elise at risk, of her becoming collateral damage, made him positively sick, almost frantic. He had no idea why he was feeling this way, unless it was from the XH. Maybe it’s because she bit me? Like there’s really some biological connection between us now? It made no sense, but he knew how he felt.
The good thing was, as far as he knew, he would be very hard to kill. This might give him some leeway to not kill them, strangely enough. Normally, when it was a matter of a split second, you didn’t hesitate, just put two or three center mass, and if they died, they died, because if you didn’t, they would do the same to you. But now, he could pick a shot. He could take a hit, maybe, especially if he had a Kevlar vest and helmet. He felt confident that wounds to his limbs would take care of themselves, as long as he had food and water and a little bit of time. Elise had recovered from a hideous amount of damage in just a few minutes, though she might have collapsed from starvation if he hadn’t fed her.
That was a scary thought. if he were captured, he was as vulnerable as anyone, especially if his captors knew about the XH. Someone could torture him, and the XH would try to heal him even if it killed him to do it.
Another piece of the puzzle fell into place, but it was still fuzzy. That couldn’t be the whole downside. That was like saying a revolutionary super-tank got bad gas mileage. The tradeoff was obviously worth it, if it ruled the battlefield.
Suddenly, Daniel felt exhausted. He had to get some sleep. He never used to sleep this much. Maybe that was part of the XH too. Might as well store it up while he could. He said good night and turned in.



-10-

The next day dawned cold, with a few flakes of snow and a sharp wind. Daniel popped out of bed while the other three were still stacking zees, ate some toast and jam to still the growling and went for a run. His nose and ears burned red with the cold by the time he came back but he felt like a million bucks, better than he’d ever felt in his life. He made breakfast for everyone, ate and drank his fill, which meant he consumed as much as all of the rest put together. He wondered if this state of affairs was going to continue. It seemed like if the XH put his body into peak condition, he should actually be eating less, using everything more efficiently.
They really, really needed to get Elise, to find some answers.
Washing the breakfast dishes, he heard a vehicle approaching. The white stuff was coming down lightly and Spooky slipped out the back, dressed in winter camo.
Zeke and Daniel grabbed assault rifles while Vinny looked worried and went to the window. Zeke came up beside him and looked out too. He put a hand on Vinny’s shoulder and said, “Relax. It’s my guys.”
It was a big black Suburban – no, Daniel saw it was actually an Escalade, with gold trim and those spinning hubcap things, blacked-out windows, running boards, fender flares, and other geegaws and add-ons that he couldn’t name. It blasted a multi-tone horn as it pulled to a stop in front of the cabin, and a big black man in a fancy track suit got out of the driver’s seat. He looked to be about three hundred pounds, fat but fit, like a football lineman. He was in his thirties, with gold chains and a short but expensive haircut, some kind of logo shaved into his hair.
“Larry!” cried Zeke, wrapping him up in a bear hug.
“Come on, man, it’s ‘Lawrence.’ How many times I gotta tell you?”
“Oh yeah, I forgot.” Zeke grinned.
Daniel didn’t think he’d forgotten. Must be some kind of inside joke. He nodded to Lawrence, then held out his hand as the man approached.
“Hi Lawrence. Daniel Markis. Call me DJ. I was a PJ.” It was an old joke, DJ the PJ.
“Air Force? Aim High, baby. Call me Larry, Larry Nightingale,” he said, with a smile full of gold and white teeth. He squeezed Daniel’s hand, just to see what he was made of, he guessed.
Daniel returned the grip effortlessly. “Okay, Larry.”
Larry’s eyes went wide, and he grinned even wider. The XH had restored Daniel’s strength, and more.
“Larry was my engineering and demo guy before he decided to chase the green,” Zeke said, mock-disapproving.
“Hey, E-6 pay wasn’t squat compared to what I make now. Dolla dolla bill, y’all. And I expect to get paid now too. Honeys give it up for the bling.” He made some kind of urban hand sign, laughing with those golden teeth showing again.
Daniel thought the man was caricaturing himself, but one never knew. The urban gangsta shtick was so ubiquitous now that it was hard to tell what was real and what was just image. Culture was a funny thing.
The passenger door opened and another man stepped out, tall and thin, with a shaved head and deep-set black eyes in a narrow face. Late thirties, very fit. Skin and bones and wiry muscles, and a trace of Native American in his background for sure. He looked like an undertaker stuffed into tactical pants and polypropylene, and he peered distastefully at the thinning flakes falling from the sky, waving a hand as if to shoo them away. He had a Patek timepiece on his wrist that probably cost more than the Escalade, pure functionality and understated elegance.
“Skull!” Zeke cried, seizing the man’s hand enthusiastically.
Skull looked pleased, but his smile stayed tight and reserved. “I’m here, Zeke. Hey, DJ.” He nodded at Daniel, Daniel nodded back.
Daniel and Alan “Skull” Denham were acquainted. He had been a Marine sniper, a very closemouthed guy. They’d only met a couple of times, through Zeke, and didn’t really hit it off. Daniel never got the full story of how Skull ended up working with Zeke, and had the feeling he always looked down on anyone that wasn’t a jarhead, hiding it well but not well enough. Still, they were all Zeke’s guys, and if Zeke vouched for someone, that was good enough.
“Where’s Denny?” Zeke asked.
Larry’s smile faded and he dropped his eyes. “Dionicio? Couldn’t make it. Got a woman and he’s whipped.”
Zeke shrugged, playing it off. He was hurt, but didn’t want to show it. “He never could say no to a skirt,” he said, sighing.
“Said he’d try to get away, but you know him…”
“Forget it. This one needs to be rock-solid, no weak spots. Let’s go inside.”
They got the Escalade into the barn. Daniel noticed it rode heavy. Probably armored. It was getting crowded in there. They had a whole motor pool.
Inside, they made some coffee and heated up a pie from a box. Daniel slipped another one in the oven when Zeke wasn’t looking. At this rate they were going to have to make a grocery run soon.
Seated around the dining room table, they briefed the two recent arrivals. It took the rest of the morning, what with the questions and disbelieving looks. Daniel had to do his healing thing again. He let Skull stab him with a fork this time, just to make sure they knew it wasn’t a trick. He wasn’t ready to get shot just yet. Once they’d settled that, they started brainstorming the operation.
Daniel began, “We have to assume Elise is locked up on the island. They know she wants to run, and she’s a test subject too, so it makes sense. That means one, probably two shooters to keep an eye on her and the others at all times. Two or three shifts, but they can’t keep more than two guys in prison-guard mode all the time.”
“They could have a jail cell,” Spooky said.
“Yeah, that would make it easier for them, but that’s good for us too. Fewer shooters means fewer problems,” Zeke said.
“Do you think the researchers stay there or go home at night?” Daniel asked.
Zeke replied, “If it was me, I’d keep to a normal schedule. Ten miles by boat or helo – probably boat, much lower profile – makes for an easy commute. Thirty minutes each way or so. Probably have facilities to stay overnight, though, if they need to or want to. So we figure Miss Wallis, one or two guards, maybe a scientist.”
“Recon?” This from Skull.
Vinny replied, “Yeah. I’ll find some more recent overhead imagery. That right there is three months old. I need to buy a drone if you want really good stuff from up close.”
“No drones for now.”
Vinny looked disappointed. He obviously liked the toys.
“No need to get that fancy, and it might draw attention. We just need a fishing boat.”
“Pleasure fishing in February? In the Chesapeake?” Daniel asked.
“Crap,” replied Zeke, rubbing his bearded chin. “How do we get close?”
“A boat is fine,” Daniel said, “but we’ll have to just do a few slow passes on the way to and from Tangier Island.” He pointed to the map.
Tangier Island was a fishing and tourist destination, with quaint bed and breakfast places, crab shacks and fancier seafood restaurants, and its own marinas and an airport. Anyone leaving from the mainland near Onancock would naturally pass by Watts Island on the way to it.
Spooky spoke then, softly. “And surveillance on their houses. See what their routine is. See where their boat is. Find the helo. Also exfiltration plan. Snatch will be the easy part. Getting away clean is harder.” He pursed his lips, brooding. Took a sip of his special tea.
“Element of surprise, boys, element of surprise,” Larry rumbled. “They won’t know what hit them. But Spooky’s right. We’re going to blow the lid off this thing. We can’t expect to get everyone, so someone will go to their boss or bosses, and then there will be some heavy-duty blowback. If word of this gets out – and it will – we’re going to need a bolt-hole deeper than this cabin. No offense Zeke, but this place is a matter of public record, right?”
“Sort of. It’s in my wife’s maiden name.”
“Well, that will take them an extra hour to find out,” Vinny said sourly.
“What’s wrong, you getting cold feet?” Skull asked accusingly. Vinny glared at him and folded his arms.
“My nephew’s manners may be in question, but not his courage,” said Spooky quietly, and Skull sniffed, mollified. He looked away, as if he didn’t care. He probably just didn’t want to cross the little man.
“We have a bolt-hole. Never you worry.” Zeke showed off that I’ve-got-a-secret grin. “All right, team, because that’s what we are now, a team, let’s start acting like one,” he stated with emphasis, “Let’s get planning. DJ, put some more coffee on and start making more stew out of that venison, will you? I know you can cook.”
Daniel nodded, going into the kitchen and rattling, getting things together. Zeke obviously wanted to talk to the others without him around, reassure them a bit, he guessed. Right now they needed space. So he puttered around, unloading and repacking his van, poking through the barn, checking out Vinny’s gear. He didn’t touch anything – it was mostly out of his league, though he recognized a frequency-hopping tactical radio base station of the latest type, and what looked like an encryption module, designation KY- or KV - something.
And a flashing red light.
He looked at the light, which was attached to another box of unknown purpose, and the computers. There was a little noise, bip, bip, bip, each time it flashed. He thought it had to do with the satellite uplink, though, so he figured Vinny might want to know.
He went toward the cabin to tell him.
It looked like he already knew, since he bolted past Daniel as he was coming to the cabin door. Vinny had a smart phone in one hand and made a beeline for the barn, slipping once on the thin snow cover, cursing under his breath.
All the rest of them came after, not moving quite so fast, except Spooky, who somehow managed to get around everyone and follow Vinny into the barn first. By the time they all trooped into the structure, Vinh was furiously banging away at keys and cursing like a sailor on speed.
“What is it, dammit?” asked Zeke.
“Alarm and repeater transmitter for my smart phone, local mode. It means one of several things happened…” He started hammering furiously on the controls, switching views, windows, displays.
“Transponder…it’s my ATC back door – air traffic control. Something flying at low level…” He brought up a map of the local area with an overlay of moving dots with tails and numbers beside them. He pointed at one flashing. “Rotor-wing…someone turn off the overhead light in here. Uncle, unplug the transmitter please? It isn’t sending but might as well be sure.”
Larry flipped the wall switch and they were plunged into cold darkness, lit only by the glow of the computers.
Vinny held up a pointing finger, straight up. “Hear that?” Everyone fell silent. There was a faint eggbeater buzzing somewhere, which grew louder.
“Helo. Sikorsky. Probably a Black Hawk,” said Skull.
Daniel agreed.
The sound swelled, then burst overhead. Spooky moved off to a side door, weapon ready, but the helicopter continued on, flying fast, fading.
“They’re looking for us,” said Skull. “For him,” he said, looking at Daniel accusingly.
“Maybe,” said Vinny. “Probably. Military transponder. Huh.” He grunted in irritation. He pulled up another display, flashing.
Zeke leaned over Vinny’s shoulder. “What’s that?”
“It’s a threshold alarm on all the things related to this INS Inc. situation. It means my bots have detected a certain level of cyber activity looking at what I have been doing. Nothing from NSA yet, thank God, but there is one hot node that I know is Langley’s.”
“Somebody finally reported the feces impacting the rotating oscillating device, and the Agency is waking up. The helo probably has ELINT gear on board. Our timeline just got shorter.” Electronic Intelligence equipment would try to find  transmitters, cell phones, anything that radiated.
“How much shorter?” Daniel asked.
“At a guess? I’d say we should have twelve hours, less if I transmit on anything but the Harris net.” He meant the frequency-hopping secure tactical radios, almost impossible to detect or intercept.
“Well, shut it all down!” cried Larry, looking around as if for an off switch for the gear. He started to move toward the main power cable running to the lone outlet in the barn.
“Leave that alone!” Vinny yelled. “We already shut off the transmitter. Don’t panic.”
Larry stopped, looked sheepish.
Vinny went on, “I’d say fifty-fifty they find us at all. They probably have us to within two to four hundred square miles right now, but unless we transmit, they have to do it the hard way – with people. That means identifying your acquaintances, friends and family, you know, six degrees of separation stuff. Nodal analysis. Then they have to dig through everyone’s records, and even digitized stuff isn’t necessarily textual data.”
Blank looks.
“Like if it’s a document that’s been scanned in, but wasn’t generated on a computer – it’s just a picture. Needs a lot of processing power and human-in-the-loop to dig stuff out. If it’s a handwritten document they might miss it entirely except by a human. How much manpower do you think they have devoted to this?”
“You tell me,” Zeke said.
“Well…if it’s just one bigwig in the Agency, he could probably form a small team of three or four analysts and set them to work without drawing any attention. So…it’s a crap shoot. At least twelve hours, more likely several days, and like I said, they may never make the connection to Zeke’s wife’s maiden name.”
“What about HUMINT?” asked Spooky. He meant human intelligence. Boots and eyeballs. “If they come here and ask the sheriffs, ask people.”
“No way,” said Vinny. “That would take forever. There are at least five thousand residences within ten miles of here. Besides, people around here aren’t going to tell tales to a stranger, or the Feds.”
“Okay,” started Zeke, “no panic, but we tear it all down. We can’t risk being caught. Take it all apart, pack it up. And everyone pull your batteries from your cell phones if you haven’t already. Dan, your van is going into the lake. Sorry, but it’s the only vehicle they have positive ID on. Spooky, you have to park the Porsche somewhere, it’s too noticeable. We’ll use the other four SUVs. Pack everything in there. And rip out your lo-jacks, your GPS units, everything that can be traced. Come on people, chop-chop.” Zeke clapped his hands.
Everyone tore down and packed all the gear in a flurry of activity. Boxes went from vehicle to vehicle, all sorts of cases and high-tech-looking containers. Daniel wondered what all they had besides weapons and Vinny’s commo gear.
He cleaned out the van really well, took the plates off and tried to sanitize it. Spooky helped. They couldn’t get rid of every identifying mark and number, but the more they could slow those guys down, the better. He put all his stuff in the Land Rover, his long gun case, his ruck and his aid bag. One or two men in each vehicle meant they had plenty of cargo room.
Zeke took the van, Spooky fired up his Porsche, and Skull drove the Jeep as the recovery vehicle. An hour later they came back in it, having sent the van into the lake in a hidden cove. If they were lucky it would be months before anyone found the site.
In the meantime Daniel had cooked some food, trying to use up everything that they couldn’t bring along. He laid a huge spread, knowing he’d eat a lot of it, and the others wouldn’t be too far behind. Stuffing their faces, between bites the talk naturally turned to the coming operation.
“How soon do we go?” Daniel threw out. “And how?”
“Qui Audet Adipiscitur,” quoted Skull.
Daniel furrowed his brow at Skull. “Latin?”
“Who Dares, Wins. The motto of the SAS.” He meant the Special Air Service, British special forces.
“You mean you think we should go in fast and hot.”
“Yes.”
Daniel nodded, thoughtful.
Zeke looked at him, then at Skull. “I agree, to a point. And I think I want the treatment.”
“What?” That caught Daniel off guard.
“Hey, I’m the oldest one here, I’m getting fat, my feet are flat, my cholesterol is high, I got a hernia, and it ain’t gonna get any better. And we have to do this right and do it fast, for Ricky’s sake if nothing else. I’m willing to take the risk.”
Daniel shouldn’t have been surprised. The payoff looked too big, too rich, to ignore. “Anyone else?” He asked around, challenging.
Skull shook his head. So did the rest, though more slowly.
“Not yet,” said Nightingale. “What if it makes my…makes me not be able to…you know.” He looked down at his crotch.
Everyone burst out laughing, but it was a legitimate question. They just didn’t know anything about the side effects.
“Well, I haven’t noticed any problems.”
“I don’t see any women around here to test yourself on.”
The next few suggestions were vulgar; warriors can be rough-spoken. After the laughter died out and everyone had pretty much finished their dinners, Zeke drained his beer and said, “Well?”
Everyone stared expectantly at Daniel. “Well what?”
Zeke held out his hand, palm up. “Bite me.”
“Oh, man…this is creepy,” Daniel answered. “Maybe we should just cut our thumbs and mix our blood.”
Zeke shook his head. “We don’t know that would work. We do know this does. Bite me.”
“Bleah, bleah,” Daniel did his best Dracula. “Okay.” Grabbing his hand he bit Zeke, slobbering on the wound a bit for good measure. “Yech. I’d make a bad vampire.” The skin tasted like cheap after-shave, which meant really, really horrible. To his credit Zeke hadn’t flinched, just rubbed the bloody spots a little and looked.
“It took a little while. Overnight, for me. Don’t expect anything before that, except to get unusually hungry and sleepy,” Daniel put in.
Zeke shrugged. “Que sera, sera.”
They tidied up, locked up and moved out.
Daniel called his neighbor Trey with a clean phone on the way. “Hey Trey, Dan here.”
“Hey, man. Glad you called. There is a truck parked in your driveway. It says Dominion Power on it, but I saw four guys get out and they went in your side door. Which seems weird since I know you’re not home, and it’s after hours. You want me to call the police?”
Daniel really didn’t want him to. He actually wanted them to clean up the body, if that was what they were doing. He hoped they weren’t setting up a frame for Jenkins’ murder, but pushed that thought away.
“No…Trey, it’s some classified stuff, national security. I think these guys are bad guys but I don’t want to tip them off. I’ll just report it myself, okay? Don’t get involved. They might be dangerous.” He didn’t think Trey would. He was a nice guy, but not the adventurous type.
“Okay, man, your call. You got a number I can reach you at?”
“No, sorry, I’m moving around. I’ll call you now and then, okay?”
“All right now. You take care.” Trey hung up.
Daniel pulled out the batteries and tossed the phone out the window when they crossed the next river. It traced a sweet arc downward to splash fifty feet below. Then he went to sleep.
He woke up when their convoy was pulling into Outdoor Mountain near Richmond, a mecca for the hunting, fishing, and nature sporting crowd. A hundred thousand square feet of gear, from the smallest lure up to bass boats and ATVs, and guns and ammo.
Lots of guns and ammo. They did some shopping.
They didn’t actually buy any guns. That would take a background check, ID, and an hour or two of waiting even if the record is clean. They couldn’t be sure any one of them wasn’t on some watch list somewhere.
Ammunition, however, can be purchased like candy in Virginia. Echoes of carpetbaggers and Reconstruction and the Federal city right on its northern border kept Virginia’s gun laws libertarian. Thomas Jefferson, native Virginian, had said, “The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.” A few million Virginians stood quietly ready to prove him right if the Feds ever tried to take their liberty and the guns they protected it with.
Daniel picked up a few things he wanted to try out, a few things he thought would be useful. They all did. Then they drove on, well stocked.


-11-

The sun was coming up the next morning over Onancock as they deployed around the apartment complex where the Integrated National Strategies people lived. It turned out that they all had units at a place called Seaside Acres, built in the last ten years, cookie-cutter. Made it easier to recon. Made it easier for their security people to keep an eye on their own guys too.
Zeke, Spooky and Daniel sat in the Land Rover, parked down the street from the apartment complex’s single gate. Zeke munched cheerfully on his fourth ham-and-egg croissant. The XH had taken hold.
They’d already watched one little nerdy-looking guy get into a black Suburban driven by a big Hispanic minder. The Suburban was parked just inside the gate, by the leasing office. It was easily visible from the angle the guys had chosen.
“That’s Arthur Davidson, virologist. The heavy is Miguel Carrasco, former Texas Ranger.”
It was hard to say for sure, but Carrasco didn’t seem to be all that alert. Just another day on the job for him.
He got out of the vehicle again as another guy walked up. Caucasian, thin, grey and balding, thick glasses. His pants were too short and he had on a stained white shirt, and dirty leather shoes like fry cooks wear on greasy floors. “Roger Auprey. Epidemiologist. Nominated for a Nobel prize once, but apparently he has to be reminded to shower and change his clothes. Mad scientist.” One more of the watchers followed behind him.
“The guy behind him must be Rogett.” Karl Rogett, Master Gunnery Sergeant, USMC retired, Daniel remembered from his file. Looked tough as nails, like you might expect. These two hard cases seemed more focused on controlling their charges than protecting them. I guess they expect me to run and hide, not gather up my own personal A-team – well, Zeke’s - and come after them, Daniel thought.
Daniel really wanted this thing to go smooth, no casualties. He wasn’t sure the other guys were on the same page, despite his insistence.
Skull, Larry and Vinny had gone in the Cherokee, over Larry’s strenuous objections. A flashy Escalade just wasn’t any good for surveillance, so they’d parked it back at the chain motel where they were staying. They should be down at the biggest marina nearby, renting a nice big pleasure boat that would accommodate everyone. If they were lucky, INS’s corporate vessel would be at the same marina. If not, it would be easy to keep an eye out for them from the water between there and Watts Island. The harder thing would be not to be noticed themselves.
The Suburban pulled out of the gate and Zeke, Daniel and Spooky shadowed them from well back. They drove like locals, not too fast and not too slow, and pretty soon the Suburban pulled into the marina where Zeke’s guys should be. Sometimes things do go smooth. For a while.
Zeke called the other vehicle on his walkie. “They’re here. Look alive.”
They turned left where the Suburban had turned right, to go down to where their boat waited. They parked, schlepped their cases with various supplies and ordnance onto the boat, and loaded up.
Vinny stayed on shore to do some surveillance of everyone’s vehicles and residences. He had hinted he might try for something more than that; maybe sneakiness ran in the Nguyen family. Maybe Vinny was a younger version of Spooky in the techno-urban jungle.
Skull piloted the boat like a pro, taking them out about a mile then slowing down. They loafed along like lubbers out for a pleasure cruise. It was chilly but sunny and they bundled up and broke out the coffee thermoses, doughnuts and binoculars.
Pretty soon a nice thirty-six-footer came out of the marina and angled off to the north fast, toward Watts Island, which could barely be seen about seven miles off. They crossed to windward of Zeke and the others doing twenty knots, going northwest, and by this time Skull had them on a parallel course at ten or so. They didn’t want to look too eager.
They watched the other boat all the way in to Watts Island, a tiny patch of scrubby pines and rocks with the all-steel buildings showing quite clearly. The highest tree on the island didn’t stand more than twenty feet tall. The complex was on the southeast corner, and everything looked just like it had on the satellite imagery. They could see the white Jeep parked at the pier, with someone standing next to it, smoking.
They tooled along, not too near, not too far, and observed  as the cruiser pulled up to the dock next to the boathouse. Three people got out onto the pier, then into the Jeep, which drove the hundred yards or so to the tiny empty parking lot. The boat pulled away and headed back for Onancock.
By this time the team was looking at the south side, and then the back of the complex as they rounded the island. There were no windows in the big building, but there were two in the small one facing south. They could see the helo pad, which was empty except for a short pole and a wind sock standing stiffly in the north-by-northwest breeze.
“All right, that’s enough. We don’t want to get made. Head for Tangier Island,” Zeke ordered.
Skull turned the wheel and ran the throttles up to comfortable cruising speed. Less than half an hour later they came into Mailboat Harbor and docked at the marina at the north end of the island. Slightly less conspicuous than usual in a New York Yankees cap, he paid the docking fee and got the boat topped off with fuel. He could still frighten children with a look.
They wandered around the tiny island, splitting up to act like they were interested in the little shops, museums and restaurants along Main Ridge Road. The whole piece of land they stood on was barely a square mile, the southwestern-most of three sub-islands that were all that remained of historic Tangier Island. It used to be much bigger, just like Watts Island, but rising ocean levels and erosion were slowly washing it away. In a couple of hundred years it would probably be completely gone.
They met up for an early lunch at a seafood place overlooking the water, within sight of a dozen fishing boats trying to eke out a living in the Chesapeake and the coastal Atlantic nearby. It was hard to hide, because the tourist season hadn’t started yet, and it was mostly locals. At the same time, that made it easier for them to spot anyone out of the ordinary, and none of the team reported seeing anyone that looked like they were watching. That was good news.
They headed back as soon as they were done, just a bunch of guys on an outing. Watts Island looked the same on the way back, though they went around to the north of it this time. It was about noon, and not a creature stirred except for the sea birds.
They met back at the motel, and went inside Vinny and Tran’s room. Larry had been complaining because of the crowding in the Land Rover, so he was first out of the vehicle. He was a big guy.
On the other hand, Zeke was getting smaller. He didn’t seem as hungry as Daniel had been, but he was still eating more than normal and he kept grabbing the roll of his gut and shaking it, with a big pleased look on his face. “My pants are getting looser. Hot dog, this stuff is a weight-loss miracle too. It must boost the metabolism like crazy. I feel awesome!”
Daniel looked at him soberly. “Every high has its low, and every benefit has a cost. We just don’t know what this is yet.”
“You won’t just let me enjoy it, will you?” Zeke laughed again.
“All right, enjoy it while you can. I’m a pessimist by nature, I guess.” Daniel had lived with that serpent too long, though he hadn’t seen it in a while. Maybe I never will again.
Vinny dragged the round motel table into the spot between the two beds, so they could sit on chairs and bedsides and all see. He had a row of portable computer stuff on a folding table on the other side of the room, and he’d printed out hardcopy photos. “Pictures of everyone’s apartments. Nothing much to see. They are either not home or staying indoors. If they take the two scientists back off the island this evening, then we can expect just Elise and one or two minders when we go in for the snatch.”
“What if some don’t leave the island? Or what if different ones come off? What if they rotate some overnight?” asked Skull.
“Does it matter?” Zeke asked. “Once we see, we’ll know something. We’ll go in with all five of us. Sorry Vinny. Wrong skill set.”
He shrugged. “No problem, man. Until I get some superhero powers too, I’d rather stay away from bullets, thank you very much.”
Spooky glared. Vinny shrugged again.
Zeke went on, “Okay, general plan. Skull will drive the boat and provide overwatch, secure our line of retreat. We’ll pull in here, into this channel, and disembark behind these scrubby trees. Spooky will take point. Then me and DJ, with Larry and Skull watching our backs. We’ll move in quiet. Here’s the objective rally point, where you post, Skull.” He pointed at a spot just inside the tree line, about fifty yards from the buildings. “Spooky, you’ll do the forward look and report back to us there. If we can’t pinpoint everyone, or anyone, we’ll enter, search and clear the buildings.
“We will try to stay quiet as long as we can. Once it’s time to enter the main building, DJ and I will breach and go in heavy. Presumably we can take more hits than you guys now, with the XH in us. Our objective is this woman, Elise Wallis.” He held up the picture. “Use your best discretion when engaging armed resistance.” He looked across the table at Daniel. “DJ, I know you want to keep this clean but I’m not going to tell people to add risk to the op just because you want to avoid hurting anyone.”
“Avoid killing anyone, you mean. Hurt them all you want; it will give me something to do,” Daniel said sardonically.
Zeke chuckled. “Either way, I hope we get in quiet, they surrender in their beds, we zip-cuff them, then get outta Dodge with our answer girl. That’s the overview. Larry, what we got?”
“I got flash-bangs for everyone, some boom-boom for me, and all sorta body armor, and a lot of other miscellaneous gear. Since we’re only moving a quarter mile or so, I suggest you carry all you want.”
Spooky snorted.
“Ev’body ’cept you, I guess,” Larry said.
“Cannot be quiet in body armor,” replied the Vietnamese. “I will take the chance. You got NVGs?”
Larry nodded. “Yeah, I got goggles for you and anyone that wants ’em.”
Daniel shook his head. Night vision gear was fine for certain circumstances but as soon as any shooting started or someone turned on a light, they were useless. They would be useful for Spooky for the first look-around, and for Skull on overwatch, maybe.
“Okay,” said Zeke, “Any immediate concerns?”
Spooky nodded. “Better to clear both small buildings first. Probably living quarters, separated from main building. Main building has no windows and this,” he tapped a photo, “look like NBC filter.” He meant nuclear-biological-chemical, a containment system. “See, negative pressure system to make sure nothing leak out. Maybe jail cell in there, but nobody normally want to sleep in dangerous laboratory.”
This was an unusually long monologue for Spooky, so Daniel knew he was concerned.
Zeke asked, “Anything else? All right, everyone start making your personal prep. We’ll meet back here at six, go over it in detail. I’ll order pizza.” He slapped his shrinking gut again and smiled.



-12-

Since returning to the island Elise had been unable to sleep much, or well. Most of her time was spent puttering around the lab, until the wee hours of the morning. Durgan was putting more and more pressure on her for results and the stress was keeping her on edge. He wouldn’t believe her that it simply couldn’t be done. Not by three researchers with this tiny lab.
She was glad they didn’t lock her up but Durgan constantly threatened her with the possibility. Her mind knew the threat was empty but her brain still reacted with worry.
She had the run of the facility but the ankle bracelet tracker they’d fitted kept her from even thinking about escaping. Not that she could swim very far. She didn’t even know how to drive a boat and it’s not like they left the keys lying around. No, she’d missed her best chance already.

***

Zeke’s men spent the evening going over the op plan. Then going over it again. Then again, ad nauseam. That’s the way to succeed at special ops: meticulous planning, perfect execution.
They went aboard their boat at about 2300 hours, eleven p.m. They figured it would be suspicious to go out much later than that. Skull took the conn again, threading their way among the moored and anchored boats toward the Chesapeake.
Vinny had kept watch while they went over the details, and had reported that the same four people had returned to the marina around sundown, on the boat. That meant one or two more of the shooters, and at most two civilians there, plus Elise, if their chain of reasoning was correct.
Vinny stayed in the motel room, monitoring his cyberware and the team’s tactical voice network. They were using the latest frequency-hopping radios with self-generated encryption keys. Vinny said nothing short of the National Security Agency or a full-blown signals intelligence unit would be able to even find them, much less break the encryption in time.
The team took a wide course that slowly circled Watts Island to come in from the northwest. It gave them time to do their final preparation.
Larry kept fidgeting with his mask, trying to get it fit to his satisfaction. He did the same with his body armor. He was wearing a full rig, head to ankle including the skirts, which was usual only for a full breach urban scenario. I wouldn’t be surprised to see him outfitted in a bomb suit, thought Daniel. He must have been carrying a hundred pounds of gear. Good thing they only had to move a quarter mile. Daniel prayed Larry wouldn’t fall off the boat.
The big man carried an AA-12 automatic shotgun. It took someone Larry’s size to really use one of those effectively. It could spray an awesome amount of firepower at short range. The recoil would also pound your shoulder to a pulp if you didn’t know what you were doing.
Spooky was all in black, and as they slowly wended their way toward the island he wiped camo onto his face in a tiger-stripe pattern, black and green. He repeatedly adjusted his web gear, everything carried and fastened to him, until he was satisfied. He walked fore and aft on the tiny deck, jumped up and down and then grunted, satisfied. No rattles, no clinks. He carried a suppressed P90, which was very good for a little guy like him – handy, lots of short-range firepower in a small package.
Skull was using a venerable HK91 7.62 NATO, night-scoped. Daniel had talked him out of the Barrett, because they didn’t need that kind of range, and a .50-caliber rifle bullet tended to kill with one shot to any body part – it could tear a limb right off a target. Daniel had insisted they limit casualties. The HK was also a lot handier in a general firefight, if Skull had to move from his position.
Zeke and Daniel both had their old standbys, M4 carbines. These were descended from the M-16 family that was first widely used in Vietnam. Daniel’s fit his hand like it was made for him. Old friends. The serpent stuck his nose out of his hole for the first time in a while, flicked his tongue. But Daniel had a surprise for the old snake, and anyone else who got in his way. He had a workaround for his conscience’s killing problem. Maybe.
He had his aid bag in his ruck, along with extra ammo and all the usual stuff any grunt carried – tape, zip cuffs, parachute cord, protein and granola bars, water, the list went on and on. Never knew what you might need. He also had his trusty XD on the thigh rig and his XD compact was in a holster on his left inner ankle. His right calf was taken up with a wicked-sharp KA-BAR combat knife that had gone with Gramps to Iwo Jima and back.
Waiting was difficult. Most of them dozed, with the thoroughly ingrained ability of every combat trooper to sleep anywhere, any time. But even the longest wait ends.
Coming up on 0300 hours they made their last commo check with Vinny and each other on the small tactical radios buckled high on their chests. Each of them had an earpiece in his shooting ear and a slim mike extending from it, snugged on the same-side cheek. The earpieces not only connected to their tactical radios but contained high-tech noise suppression circuitry that kept them from being deafened by their own weapons. A tiny counterpart was in each man’s opposite ear, so they could hear as well or better than normal, while maintaining sonic protection from the violence they were about to cause.
They motored slowly and quietly up to Watts Island, approaching from the north, out of sight of the buildings. Daniel lowered the anchor when Skull told him to, then watched as he filled a six-man rubber boat from a compressed air tank. They loaded from the dive deck off the back. Once they were in, they paddled the short distance to the rocky shore.
They startled some sleeping seabirds on landing. Daniel saw a Great Blue heron fly off, skimming up the shoreline like a living hang-glider. Other than that, they got in nice and easy. They carried the boat into the scrubby tree line, then locked and loaded weapons.
Despite the many missions under his belt, Daniel’s heart still thudded in his chest. It had been several years since he had been on a real, deliberate combat operation, not counting the bizarre actions that started this whole thing off. He wasn’t afraid for himself, but something in him was still sick at the thought of killing.
He’d never been this way before, and he was starting to wonder about it. The XH had improved him a lot; it had stilled the serpent and healed his body, but it had also made him different in some way. He had been trying to ignore it, to wish it away, but it was really making itself felt right now. He was starting to worry he couldn’t do the job. Only his choice of ammo was letting him function right now.
Daniel tried to imagine himself treating combat trauma, visualizing the blood, the pressure bandages, the IVs, the pain and the screaming. Nothing. But visualize shooting someone, and suddenly he felt sick. It was not too bad if he thought about shooting an arm or a leg. Deliberately recalling his execution of Jenkins, a wave of nausea and regret almost overcame him. He pushed it out of his mind as they moved through the low dense woods. He couldn’t indulge in thought experiments right now, or he would screw something up.
At least he knew he could treat combat injuries.
They came to the edge of the open space right where they expected, outside the northeast corner of the small complex. They were looking at the corner where the small northern building and the big central building almost touched. This was their ORP, their objective rally point. The helipad was to their right, next to the back of the big building. They could see the white Jeep through the gap between the buildings. Their angle blocked their view of the southernmost small building.
Zeke made a hand signal and Spooky moved off to their left, vanishing into the woods. A few minutes later Daniel saw him crouching by one of the windows at the back of the small building. He had been looking but had not even seen Spooky cross the open space from the trees to the building.
“Damn, he’s good,” he breathed.
A derisive snort from Skull was the only answer.
The wind sock at the helipad swung on its short wooden pole in the three to five knot breeze. Daniel watched the black shape against the white building move along it, looking in the windows. It slid around the corner a moment later, and they waited some more. While they waited, Skull prepped a hasty sniper position there at the ORP.
They heard a faint click, then Spooky’s voice. “North small building clear. Quarters, kitchen, office, rec room. I leave east door unsecured, advise occupy. Proceeding to south small building.”
“Acknowledged.” Zeke led them fifty yards eastward, staying inside the tree line. Then they hustled across the open space, shielded from sight by the empty small building. As they crossed the space they could hear the low grumble of a generator, well muffled, and a whining hiss that was less identifiable.
They slipped around the corner of the building to enter the door Spooky had left unlocked. Inside, they found everything as he had reported – two bedrooms with two single beds each, a shared latrine and shower, a kitchen, a recreation room with a pool table, and a small windowless office with a low-end computer, a printer combo, and not much else. They did a quick search, finding nothing of significance. The fridge held enough fresh food to indicate that they brought groceries at least weekly.
Zeke unlocked the door at the other end of the building, which if opened would face a door in the north end of the large building across an angled gap. He put an eye to the crack in the blinds of the door window, watching for anything amiss.
Daniel took the other side of the door and did the same, with Larry watching their backs.
About that time they heard Spooky report, “South building all clear. Quarters and kitchen, rest of building is general storage. Rally at north door of large building ETA one minute.”
Zeke replied, “Roger, we are inside north small building at south door, standing by.”
A moment later Daniel saw Spooky slip around the big building’s nearest corner and ghost up to the door in the near end. Spooky did something at the lock and then gently turned the handle. It looked like he had got it open. He reached into a cargo pocket and took out some kind of telescoping rod, like an old-fashioned radio aerial, and extended it. It had a little box on one end with a faint yellow LED, which he ran around the edge of the whole door frame. The light stayed yellow.
Some kind of alarm detector, Daniel thought.
Spooky collapsed it back to pen-size and slid it  into his pocket. Then very, very slowly he eased the door off its jamb the tiniest of bits, not even a crack. He stayed that way for a full minute before letting it go gently back. He then pushed his NVGs off his eyes up onto the top of his head, lay prone on the ground, to open the door enough to press a naked eye to the crack at the very bottom corner.
Daniel observed, fascinated. Watching a real pro at work was interesting.
“Hallway whole length of building. Low light,” Spooky reported. “Eight doors, some with windows and lights inside. No activity. Negative air pressure confirmed.” Daniel figured Spooky was able to feel the air rushing into the crack in the door, as the air system kept the pressure inside slightly lower than outside. This would ensure any stray organisms floating in the air were unlikely to make it outside, except through the filtration system. In fact, that was probably the strange hissing they had heard crossing the field. It was kind of the opposite of NBC overpressure systems, which were usually meant to keep bad things out.
Zeke responded, “All right, we go in. Larry, hold the door, me and DJ go first and start search and clear. Spooky, go around and watch the far door from the outside. Unlock it and be ready to come in. Skull, you got clear lines?”
“Ay-firmative,” Skull answered under his breath.
“Larry, you hold the door from the inside, watch our backs and keep the line of retreat open. Remember everyone: the civilians are non-hostile unless proven otherwise. Don’t get twitchy.” Zeke pulled the end of a sheaf of zip cuffs out of his cargo pocket, easy to grab. He then took off his gloves. So did Daniel. They were trained to shoot with gloves on, but anything delicate, such as threading a zip cuff or sticking in an IV, required tactile feedback.
“Spooky in position.”
“Skull in position.”
“Vinny in position,” came a faint sardonic voice.
Daniel strangled a laugh. He’d hate to be Vinny, just listening back at the motel, but someone had to do it. He took a deep breath, and tried to reassure himself, his twitchy conscience, that he wasn’t out for blood. A part of him felt like a total pussy for worrying about such things; a part of him was proud.

***

Elise sat staring at her screen as the machines in the lab ran more useless experiments, modeling drugs that might mitigate some of the virtue effect. She studied the data on her computer screen, the results of her latest batch. Nothing new. No progress. Part of the problem was that most of the new designer drugs were, of course, made to make the user feel good.
Durgan wanted something that made people feel evil and like it. Or feel nothing.
Something like that.
Dammit, I’m a microbiologist, not a neuroscientist. Roger is a virologist and Arthur is an epidemiologist. We need a couple of dozen specialists to do what he wants. But Durgan’s not listening.
She paced the floor absentmindedly chewing her nails then walked over to the small kitchenette in the corner of the lab and poured herself a steaming cup of coffee. Caffeine. Maybe that would help her think. Maybe she’d rather not.
As she stirred in her usual teaspoon of cream and two packs of sugar she inhaled the comforting aroma and her mind wandered back in time. Funny how scents and smells are often so vividly connected to memories.
When she was a girl the wonderful smells of coffee, bacon and toast would wake her from her slumber every morning. She would head into the kitchen to find her father sitting in his usual place at the table eating breakfast and reading the morning paper. Sneaking up from behind she’d scare him with a loud “boo.” He would always play along, clutching at his chest as if she had frightened him, then he’d scoop her up with a reassuring hug and kiss. I really miss you, Dad.
She thought about her father, a good man, solid, loving, dependable, honorable, and her thoughts turned again to Daniel. I know deep down Daniel is all of those things, too. She wondered where he was and if he were thinking of her at that moment.

***

“Execute.” Zeke pushed the door smoothly open, and Larry crossed the thirty feet or so to the unlocked door where Spooky had been so recently. They followed right behind, and Larry opened the door quickly, drawing it out of their way so all they had to do was go straight in.
They entered in two-man tactical stack. That meant Zeke was in front, Daniel slightly crouched right behind him with his left upper arm firmly pressed into Zeke’s back, so Zeke knew where he was. Daniel held his M4 to the right and down, covering the right side. His eyes swept the hallway automatically, center-up-right-down and back to center in a fraction of a second, the barrel of his weapon following in a tight circle. Zeke did the same on his left, and they heard the click of the door behind them as Larry closed and locked it from the inside, then took a knee.
They needed to get out of the hallway as fast as possible, to let Larry dominate it with his street-sweeper, and to give him a covered position. They took the first door on the left as planned. Daniel stayed stacked behind Zeke as Zeke reached out with his left hand to try the door. It opened into a tiny closet with cleaning supplies. Daniel turned and waved Larry forward. This would be his best position, allowing a right-handed shooter like him to keep good cover and still lash the hallway with heavy fire.
The plan was to stay to the left side of the hallway. They might find doors between rooms, and they wanted to avoid causing confusion if Larry had to start firing. Crossing and re-crossing the hallway unnecessarily to opposite doors was asking for trouble. So they moved along the left side of the hallway to the next door on the left, passing a solid steel door on the right. Larry would have to cover that.
Zeke tried the handle. It was locked. They could call Spooky in to try to pick the lock, or they could break in.
Sticking to the plan, Zeke decided to break in as quietly as possible. The building was filled with the low rumble of the generator and the rushing sound of the air system, so there was a good chance they could get away with it.
Zeke pulled a crowbar out of the small of his back, where he’d had it taped. He fit it between the door handle and the jamb, leaning his weight on it slowly until it popped with a muffled clang.

***

Elise thought she heard a noise. It’s probably just Miguel doing a security check of the building. Dammit, I hope he doesn’t come in here and bother me again. She checked her watch. 3:17 a.m. No, Miguel went off duty over an hour ago, so he’ll be fast asleep, and Karl’s on watch now.
When no one materialized in the doorway she shrugged to herself, figuring it was just the sound of the building settling or the wind. She finished her coffee, rinsed her cup and set it on the counter. With renewed energy she returned to her station and began another drug model run. Beta blockers. Who knows, might have some effect.

***

Zeke immediately shoved the door open and swept the left side of the room. Daniel followed him in and swept the right. Each of them moved to his side and out of the death funnel of the doorway.
A dark figure on the lower bunk of two rolled heavily out, tangled in blankets. “Wha–” they heard before Zeke stepped forward and gave him a left-handed whack on the head with the crowbar. The man dropped to the thin-carpeted floor like a sack of potatoes.
The room was lit only by the dimness of the corridor and the green numbers of a clock-radio on a night table. It read 3:17.
Perfect. Daniel poked the upper bunk with the barrel of his weapon, finding no one and nothing there but bedding.
Zeke whipped out zip cuffs and hog-tied the fallen man, then taped his mouth shut. He popped a pillowcase over the man’s head, then taped that loosely around his neck.
Daniel checked his pulse. Good and strong. Zeke knows his club work.
“One hostile neutralized,” Zeke reported over the net. “Still quiet.”
Daniel hoped that was true, and he hoped it stayed that way. He rolled the man under the bunk bed, out of the way. If he were smart, he would stay there until it was all over.
There was a door with a mirror on it in the wall to the right. Logically that would be a bathroom or closet. Zeke reported quietly, “Interior door. Opening.” It was a closet, with some security uniforms and civvies in it. The wall at the back seemed solid, made of the same thin industrial steel construction as the rest of the building. Too bad. If it had been drywall they might have tried to breach it through to the next room.
“Emerging left,” Zeke called, and they moved back into the corridor. It was going to get harder fast, because the next door on the right had a big square window in the top half, with wire mesh inside, the kind designed to let people look into the room before entering. Or vice versa. But this window was dark, and they hoped that meant unoccupied. The next one up on the right was lit.
Their door to the left was not going to be as simple as the last one. There was an external deadbolt fitted, like an afterthought. Maybe it was meant to keep something in, not out. They retreated back to the room they were in before, and spoke in low tones.
“That must be Elise’s cell,” Daniel offered.
“Maybe. What if it’s a berserk gorilla with the XH in it they are keeping for experimentation?”
“Ugh,” Daniel said. “Yeah, point taken. We can’t be sure. All we know is it’s built to keep something in, not out.”
“Jury-rigged for that, anyway. So we clear the rest of the building and tackle that door last, with more information.” Zeke’s tone brooked no argument.
Daniel nodded in agreement.
Zeke called softly, “Zeke to Larry. We’re changing to the right side of the corridor. Emerging left.”
They moved out into the corridor and Larry moved behind them up to the open door of the bunkroom. They went back to the windowless door on the right side of the corridor. It turned out to be a half-full storeroom with lab supplies and machinery in it, unlocked. They came back out.
Edging up the right side to the next door, Zeke looked in the dark window for a long moment. He shook his head, unable to see anything. He reached over to test the door handle. It turned. He pressed it gently inward, and it opened a tiny bit. He nodded, then gave a three count with his fingers; one-two-three and in they went.
Murphy always wins, they say. Nothing ever goes smooth. All hell seemed to break loose inside that room. Screeching sounds, zoo sounds, howls and a clattering of metal together. Something soft and smelly spattered on the wall next to Daniel, and it was only lack of targets in the dark that kept him from firing.
He flipped on the light.
Monkeys. Apes, animal figures in cages stacked along the far wall, and a never-ending racket.

***

Elise heard the sudden commotion in the next room. The lab animals were all going...well...ape. Maybe it was Miguel after all, trying to mess with her by provoking the animals. Maybe they had changed their shift times.
She pushed her chair away from the screen and stood up, mentally preparing herself to have it out with Miguel for screwing with the chimps. She knew Durgan would be on her side on this one.

***

“We’re blown,” Zeke spoke into his mike. “Execute Bravo.” That was plan B. Always good to have one of those, because Plan A never survived contact with the enemy, or even with Murphy.
Zeke led the way back into the corridor, fast. They hugged the right wall to the lighted-window door and Zeke dove across the doorway to the other side, low, below line of sight. From there he reached up to the door handle, gave a quick three-count and went in low from that side, flowing around to the left.
Daniel went in right and higher, trusting to his helmet, vest and XH. He was the biggest target, and an alert enemy would have had ten seconds to prepare.
He saw Elise standing inside, her mouth agape, getting ready to yell. Daniel held up his left index finger to his lips in an emphatic gesture for silence. He closed with her quickly, crossing the big laboratory in two long seconds, still holding the finger to his lips. A rush of emotion swept through him even while he was supposed to be paying attention to the mission. So good to see her; thank God she’s all right.
Elise’s face whitened with shock. In the middle of the night, she seemed slow to react, slow to realize just what was going on. Daniel imagined her dull brain just had time to register the face-painted and heavily armed men bursting in before one of them charged her.
She backed up in reflexive alarm, but not fast enough, and Daniel let his M4 fall to his side on its retractable sling to free up his hands, making the “shush” sign the whole time. Funny how most people obey emphatic, familiar signals, he thought.
She stared stupidly at him with obvious disbelief. Finally she seemed to recognize him.
Daniel gently tackled her in a modified martial arts move he dredged out of his subconscious, which ended up with them both on the ground out of sight behind a big heavy lab bench. He covered her mouth with his hand and said into her ear, “Stay down, don’t interfere. This is a rescue.” He was so close he could smell her perfume, her skin.
She nodded, her eyes wide. “Daniel, thank God,” she breathed.
He absorbed her big blue eyes, the splash of freckles across her nose, her auburn hair, and a delicate scent that made his mouth dry up like a lovestruck teenager. He started to get dizzy. Oh God please no. Not now. He had the weirdest feeling, like he had known her all his life and she had known him too, déjà vu times two. With an effort of will he pushed her and the feelings away and went back to the job.
As he was turning back toward the door, gunfire exploded in the corridor.
He saw Larry, framed in the doorway, open up with his AA-12. Shots roared out as he walked the gun from floor to ceiling, shooting at something down the corridor to the right. The recoil kept the barrel climbing up, up and then all the way over with his hand spasm-locked on the trigger.
Time seemed to slow down with Daniel’s adrenaline surge, and he saw pieces of Larry’s armor blowing off in chunks as return fire slammed him. It was something big and heavy and deadly, because he saw Larry’s back plate lifted off his body and flap like a sail as something went all the way through him from the front.
Larry! Daniel’s whole being launched forward like a Border Collie bolting for a frisbee, every reason for his existence condensed into one pure moment, driving for the goal. That Others May Live thundered in his head as he sprinted for the doorway. He saw the big man’s automatic shotgun stop firing and fall out of his hands, and then Larry crumpled to his knees, going down slow and heavy.
Before the wounded man hit the floor Daniel threw his body into the kill zone, between his comrade and the shooter. He wrapped his hands behind Larry’s neck, grabbing the carrying handle of his armor between his shoulder blades.
Daniel felt a hot tearing burn in his thigh and then in his side below his ribs as bullets ripped through him. One round hit the SAPI plate in the center of his back and punched like a fist into his spine, but the armor held.  Daniel ignored everything but the job, just glad the shots weren’t hitting Larry.
As soon as he had a grip Daniel put up a foot against the opposite wall, pushing off of it like a gymnast. He threw his whole weight back through the doorway into the lab, dragging his wounded teammate with it and out of the line of fire. Daniel screamed with effort and pain. His leg filled with liquid fire and his muscles burned.
Scrabbling on the floor, he dragged Larry backward as if he were in a strongman competition. He frantically hauled and lifted and jerked almost four hundred pounds of gear and bloody dying man back behind the heavy lab bench. Daniel dropped him, popped the quick-release on his ruck and pulled out his aid bag; he went to work, ignoring his own wounds and his suddenly acute need for food.
Elise rushed to Daniel’s side, but her face turned queasy as she saw the blood pouring out of the big man’s body.
Zeke took the door position and yelled on the net, “Hostile, hostile, southwest corner room. Man down, man down. Skull, put a few rounds through the corner of the building.”
Immediately they heard heavy, measured popping sounds begin, metallic and deadly, rifle rounds punching through the thin lab walls. They hoped Skull knew where he was aiming.
Daniel glanced up over the bleeding mess to meet Elise’s eyes, kneeling there. She looked horrified. Nothing I can do about that now.
He pulled out Gramps’ blade and she shrank back, but he ignored her and cut the body armor off of Larry. The knife sliced through the armor’s straps and seams and in ten seconds he had the man’s shell off in pieces. Daniel’s hands moved with the practiced speed of his younger days as he slid the pig-sticker back into its sheath and ran his hands over Larry’s body, searching for the trauma in his flesh. He would have to let the other three deal with the hostile if he were going to save Larry’s life.
The worst injury was a sucking chest wound, front and back penetration. It looked like a large-caliber full metal jacket round, maybe coated with something to defeat armor, .50 caliber or .44 magnum. He cursed all fans of big-bore handguns as he grabbed Elise’s bare hand and put it against the bloody hole in Larry’s chest.
“Pressure, hard, HERE.” She did as he told her, shaking tears out of her eyes.
Daniel rolled Larry onto his side to keep the fluid buildup in his lungs under control. Air wheezed in and out of the puncture in his back as his body struggled for breath. He needed to seal that up.
By this time Zeke was squeezing off single shots left-handed in the doorway, firing down the corridor to the right, suppressing the hostile. With part of his mind Daniel heard the electric-chainsaw sound of Spooky’s P90, slim 5.7mm rounds shredding in short bursts like hail drumming on a steel rooftop. Then he heard a flash-bang go off, and Zeke moved out into the corridor. He and Spooky were assaulting the shooter.
Daniel had unrolled his aid bag and was reaching for the tools of his trade when Elise leaned over and planted her mouth full on Larry’s.
No time for smooching and no need for mouth-to-mouth ran through Daniel’s head unbidden. His fingers slowed down as his disbelieving brain watched her lay the mother of all French kisses on Larry, like a drunk chick at a Saturday night meet-market. The uncomprehending part of him was suddenly jealous. He heard the snake giggle from somewhere deep inside.
Elise lifted her head, coughing and retching, and he saw her expression, a mixture of horror and hope, as she wiped her mouth out with the sleeve of her lab coat and stared down at Larry.
Daniel realized this must be an attempt to transfer the XH to Larry. It was the only thing that made sense.
He had to put that question on hold along with many others as a tall cabinet in the corner behind Elise swung inward. It had hidden a door from the next room. A man stood thus revealed, a scarred man with a very, very large handgun in a shooter’s grip: Karl Rogett. He fired two more quick shots back into the room he was leaving and then turned toward Daniel – and Elise.
Daniel dropped his right hand to his thigh where his trusty XD was holstered, quick-drew and fired, double tap. Unfortunately the hard rubber bullets he had loaded stung and bruised the gunman but didn’t put him down. His experiment with nonlethal ammo had betrayed him, and he frantically pulled the trigger over and over, peppering the man with riot rounds at close range. One hit Rogett’s face and tore a hole in his cheek, but the shots that bounced off his arms and chest did little but annoy him.
The pistol’s slide locked open and Daniel was out of ammo.
Karl had been shielding his face with his raised arms, and began to bring his weapon back to shooting position. Daniel released his pistol, snapped his hand to the blade on his calf. He drew the knife with his fingertips and in one motion extended his hand with a flip of the wrist. It was poor technique but he was very close, less than ten feet away. Gramps’ legacy turned end for end once. The razor-sharp tip of the blade punched right through the meaty part of the man’s left forearm, between the radius and ulna.
Unfortunately the man was right-handed. Rogett gritted his teeth and his right hand kept swinging that hand cannon in Daniel’s direction, and he knew this was going to hurt. He prayed for God to save Larry and the XH to save him and surged to his feet to rush his enemy.
But it was neither God nor XH, it was his own angel that saved him. Elise was closer and wasn’t carrying a load of gear. She bounced up and stepped in front of the gunman and Daniel saw the explosion as the first round blasted through her shoulder upward, a spray of red that covered him in a fine mist. The bullet, slowed, thumped off his Kevlar helmet, staggering him.
Elise screamed as the bullet passed through, but stayed up. Karl fired the second and last round just as Elise got her hands on his weapon. It tore through her right upper arm, to plow into the wall somewhere off to their rear. Impossibly, she hung on to the big black automatic with a death-grip, preventing him from firing with her fingers jammed through the trigger guard, for just long enough.
Daniel thought, What an amazing woman. If I wasn’t in love before, I sure am now.
Karl struck her weakly, once, with his wounded left arm, Daniel’s knife still sticking out of it like some bizarre fashion accessory.
Then Daniel had him.
Without thought or planning his right hand had dropped to the pistol grip of the M4 hanging on its retractable sling and he lined it up between the man’s eyes. He didn’t fire, though, as he would have a few days ago, before his conscience started acting up, before the XH. Instead, he punched the weapon forward, driving the tip of the barrel into the big man’s forehead with a meaty thud.
Daniel had to hit the man twice more before he finally slumped and let go of his gun, wheezing on the floor. Daniel kicked it aside. Desert Eagle, like he’d thought. He pulled his blade out of the gunman’s flesh, wiped it on his pants leg, and slid it back into its sheath.
Elise slumped to the floor. Just then Zeke came through the same secret door. He took in the scene and pulled out his zip cuffs again.
“Double them,” Daniel said, turning back to Larry. “He’s one tough son of a bitch.” He was worried about Elise but the triage medic in his head made him work on the wounded man first. Compartmentalize and stitch. Besides, she had the XH and had survived worse.
The irony was that the “worse” was something he himself had inflicted.
Zeke dragged the hog-tied hostile out of their way. With the corner of his eye Daniel saw Elise sitting on the floor bleeding, propped against another lab counter, both arms hanging flaccid. “Zeke, can you look at her?”
Zeke pushed his M4 back on its sling and knelt down to tend to Elise. She opened her eyes and smiled. “I’ll be all right. The Plague will heal me.” She lifted a shaky hand. “See? Getting better already.”
Skull appeared in the lab doorway, having come to join the fight. He looked disappointed, until Zeke yelled, “You and Spooky clear the rest of the building.” Zeke needn’t have shouted, since they were all still on the tactical link, but sometimes men do things in the heat of battle that don’t entirely make sense.
“You guys all right?” Vinny broke in on the radio. He had been pretty restrained until now. Of course they had emphasized the importance of no chatter, but he finally couldn’t help himself.
“Larry’s hit, but I think I got him.”
But Daniel had lied. Larry was bleeding out fast. The delay dealing with the last hostile had cost him and he was racing to save the big man’s life.
He made sure Larry’s airway was clear, got plugs into the chest wounds front and back, and wrapped him tight and quick, putting him on the wounded side again to keep him from drowning in his own fluids. Then he slapped pressure bandages on the rest of Larry’s wounds, of a type with the infused clotting agent. A large-bore IV of saline was next, into a vein. Daniel looked around for something to hang it on, and found Elise there.
She grabbed the bag with her left hand and held it high. Her wounds had closed fast, much faster than he had expected. She smiled reassuringly, encouraging.
Daniel’s own remembered need for food, food to heal his wounds, cramped his gut, almost doubling him over. He grabbed his rucksack, opened one of the pockets to pull out a handful of protein bars. Ripping the wrapper off with bloody hands he held it out toward Elise’s face.
Their eyes met, understanding passing between them.
She grabbed the bar with her free hand and stuffed it in her mouth, chewing furiously. She moaned with pleasure, a sound that reached Daniel somewhere below the belt.
A part of him marveled at the human male’s ability to think about sex he hadn’t even had with someone he didn’t really know, even in the middle of a death struggle. Maybe because of the death struggle. Daniel dropped the rest of the bars on the floor within reach, then went back to treating Larry.
He had got out another I.V. and was prepping whole blood when Elise asked, her mouth full, “You got dextrose?”
He nodded.
“That’s what he needs, more than blood.”
That made no sense to his training, but something about her look convinced him she knew what was she was talking about. So he prepped dextrose instead and slid it into Larry’s femoral vein, the biggest available vessel in the body and the way to get it in him fastest. It drained rapidly through the short tube as Daniel held it up.
Elise fed Daniel a chunk of protein bar. He gobbled it from her fingers. It was unbelievably sensual, like that first taste of water in the parched desert. She fed him another, felt his mouth on her hand, wanted his mouth on hers...
“More,” he gasped, working between bites. She fed him.
“Give him more dextrose,” she said, gesturing at the I.V.
“That would be too much. It could make him hyperglycemic. He could go into shock.”
“No,” she disagreed. “The Eden Plague is taking hold of him already. Look, his wounds are closing. He just needs to be fed. Give him more, now.” Her tone brooked no argument.
His mind’s eye flashed back to the bizarre lip-lock she had given Larry. That confirmed it. She had passed the XH, the…the Eden Plague she called it. Just like a bite, only a bit gentler. He was right, this stuff would put him out of a job. He didn’t have time to care about that right now, switching out the empty I.V. for a full bag. “This is the last one of dextrose. Just whole blood and saline left.”
“Wait,” she said. She stuffed one more piece of protein bar into Daniel’s mouth, then hung the saline drip on a drawer handle next to her. Standing up, she ran to the other side of the big laboratory, rummaging in a glass-fronted medical refrigerator. Larry looked like he was stabilized, breathing easier and not bleeding much.
She came back with four one-liter I.V. bags of something nonstandard, a pale pink liquid Daniel didn’t recognize. It had “NS” handwritten on it in marker. “It’s a nutrient solution they use for the primates, when they do tests. It’s better than dextrose. It’s IV food in a bag. Only for Eden Plague carriers.”
He waited for the last of the dextrose to drain, then switched the bags. The pink stuff started down the tube, and they knelt there, watching Larry. After a moment Daniel felt her staring at him. He looked up into her shining blue eyes, confident for the moment that the Eden Plague was doing its work. Thank you, he mouthed to her silently.
She blushed.
“Larry’s gonna make it,” he said over the link, his voice hoarse. “Anyone else need medical attention?”
“Neg.”
“Negative.”
“No.”
“Excellent.” Because he wanted to keep staring into those azure orbs, to lose himself there. He wanted to do it forever.



-13-

Daniel opened up an MRE, Meal Ready-to-Eat standard field ration, and started sharing it between himself and Elise. It was twelve hundred calories in a package about the size of a bag of potato chips, but they ate it all fast.
Zeke gave Vinny a summary situation report, then came over to the rest of them. By then everyone was gathered around Larry, who seemed to be out of danger.
Daniel thought about giving him a dose of morphine but decided against it. If Elise could deal with the pain of being shot, Larry could too.
“We have to extract,” said Zeke urgently. “That last bastard had a radio and a phone in the security room there. No doubt he made a call. If they’re brave and stupid they’ll react with their helo. If they’re smarter, they’ll get together something we can’t handle. Either way, we don’t wanna hang around. Larry, can you move?”
Larry’s eyes were open by then. He opened his mouth, coughed, and said, “Yeah, I think so. Hey, pretty lady.”
Elise pressed her lips together in a wan, tearful smile. “Hang in there. You’ll be fine now.”
They helped Larry to his feet, leaving the shreds of his armor and most of his clothing in a bloody heap on the floor. Daniel handed him an MRE, then opened another one. Mmmm, chicken a la king. He could have eaten raw chicken at this point. He laughed to himself. Actually yes, I could. Salmonella is no threat anymore.
Skull dragged in the hog-tied man they had caught sleeping, slung him next to the other one. “What about these two?” he asked, gesturing at the immobilized men on the floor.
Spooky walked over to them with his P90 aimed.
“No!” Daniel yelled.
“Shut up, Markis,” warned Skull. He swung his HK Daniel’s direction, an implicit threat. “It’s not your call.”
Daniel stood up, stepped up to Skull. His forward motion stopped with the flash suppressor of the HK in his chest. One twitch of the man’s finger and he might be dead. He wasn’t at all sure his armor could stop a high-powered rifle bullet at point blank range.
Their eyes locked.
“I’m making it my call. This guy’s not the enemy, he’s just doing a job.” Daniel reached up to grasp the barrel with his left hand, shoving it aside. Then he stared Skull down.
“They almost killed Larry,” the thin sniper grated, his eyes cold and fixed.
“But they didn’t. And we saved his life. Nothing to avenge.” Daniel stepped into Skull’s personal space, put a hand on his chest, pushing him inexorably back. Skull stumbled, and Daniel shoved his skinny frame. The thin man sprawled on his back as Daniel pointed a finger at him. “Next time you aim a weapon at me, you better shoot me, or I’ll shove it up your ass.”
Skull spread his hands, backing down for the moment, but Daniel could tell it wasn’t over between them.
“He’s right,” rumbled Zeke. “Nobody kills anybody if we don’t need to.”
Daniel let his breath out with relief. Elise stepped up behind, staring at the unconscious man on the floor. “It’s Miguel,” she said softly. “He’s a slimy bastard and rapist. This is the first time I’ve regretted the virtue effect. I’d like to teach him a lesson he’ll never forget. But I have a better idea.” She reached over to open a drawer and pulled out a syringe. She filled it with blood from her own arm, then plunged it into each of the prisoners in turn.
“Great. You’re rewarding them for being assholes?” Skull asked disgustedly.
“Actually,” she said, “this is the best revenge. The virtue effect will make him regret his own misdeeds, and he won’t repeat them. Maybe it will keep other people safe from him later. And he’ll be useless to the Company now. They both will be.”
“That’s smart, and kind,” said Daniel approvingly.
Elise brightened with his praise. She reached to embrace him, putting her head against his chest.
Skull snorted.
A note of envy in there I think, Daniel said to himself.
Zeke broke the moment. “That’s enough of that. Time to get out. Listen, you,” he poked Miguel, “tell your masters that we got the healing stuff. If they want it kept under control for a while longer, they’ll stop coming after us. Otherwise, maybe we’ll just release it into the water supply. Or start biting people.”
Elise shook her head, started to say something.
Daniel held up a hand to stop her. Rogett remained out cold. Miguel was blindfolded, and Daniel didn’t want him to see Zeke or hear any commentary, because he knew Zeke was bluffing.
Or Daniel thought he was.
He also didn’t think the bluff would work. Governments, or government employees, generally don’t react well to blackmail. We’ve bloodied their noses, embarrassed them, stolen their secret formula, and the person or people behind the whole thing will want it back. The only question was, would they still try to do damage control, or would it be confession time, bump it up to higher authority and turn it into an official reaction by the whole Agency or worse. Daniel really didn’t want that. “Sure wish we could destroy this lab,” he remarked. “That would slow them down a bit.”
Spooky said, “We could burn it. Best we can do. We have to go.”
“Oh, I got something better,” answered Larry in a gravel voice. “I got claymores. And thermite. In the bag in the first closet.” Claymores were command-detonated explosive mines. Not ideal for blowing up buildings, but good enough as a field expedient. Thermite was a high-temperature incendiary that would melt its way through damned near anything.
Zeke nodded. “Excellent. Set them up. Find the fire suppression system and turn it off. Skull, Spooky, get some flammables. Miss Wallis, are there records?”
She pointed at one wall, where several computers sat, with rows of disks and a big commercial-grade hard drive.
Daniel walked over, started dumping all the recordable data media and drives he could find into a pile onto the floor. “Make sure we pour some accelerant over here,” he said.
Elise went over to the computers, opening a drawer and reaching far into the back. She came up with something in her hand, something small, about the size of a pack of cigarettes. “Flash drive. It’s got a secret copy of almost all of our work on it, just in case.”
In case of what, Daniel wondered? He supposed in case of something like this.
“Take this and go over there.” She handed him the flash drive and pointed toward the door.
Puzzled, Daniel complied, moving away.
She picked up a strange heavy device with a handle and a thick three-prong cord on it. She plugged it in and flipped a switch. It started to hum with a noise that made his teeth hurt. “Electromagnet,” she said. “It’ll wipe everything.” She started running the thing over the computer cases and hard drives. He saw now why she sent him and the precious flash drive away.
Skull came in with a five-gallon jerry can of diesel and started pouring it all over everything. The guy in the hood began to scream through the gagging tape when he smelled it.
Probably thinks we’re going to burn him. Daniel thought, watching Skull carefully.
Zeke shoved Skull out of the way, dragged the bound man outside.
Spooky kicked Karl, who was either still unconscious or shamming. “One of you strongmen grab this one. I am no weightlifter.”
Daniel left Elise to her magnetic wiping and grabbed Karl by a leg, then dragged him none too gently out into the parking lot and left him with the other one by the Jeep.
It was quiet outside, except for a faint buzzing sound, like a weed-eater heard from two yards over. Or a helo a few miles out. It was getting louder.
“We got company coming, fellas,” Daniel said. “ETA one to two minutes. I can hear a bird inbound.”
Zeke answered for everyone. “Roger. Rally at the ORP, go go go.”
“Wait, I have to let the chimps out!” cried Elise. She ran for the other room, frantically opening cages. She led the two apes outside, holding each by a hand.
“We have to leave them, you know,” Zeke said gently. Elise looked pleadingly at him but he shook his head. “They’ll be fine; they will want them for the future research program. Just lock them up in the other building.”
Elise nodded tearfully and quickly did so. The childlike primates did not want to let her go but she had no choice.
The six of them streamed for the rally point, flames licking at the laboratory behind them. They heard two explosions inside, rattling the walls and spitting dust and debris out the doors. Larry’s claymores and thermite had done their work.
Zeke counted heads as they arrived, then led everyone quickly through the woods by moonlight. Daniel stayed right behind Elise. A couple of brief minutes later they got to the rubber boat.
The buzzing of the helicopter was closer, but the only thing they knew was it was coming from the east, and the trees blocked their view. They couldn’t embark on the raft until they were sure the helo wasn’t a threat. They heard it making a couple of passes near the burning lab, then it turned toward them.
It raced overhead, suddenly visible as it passed above the tree line and then out over the water. It looked like an OH-6 or Hughes 500 variant, commonly called a “Loach,” or “Little Bird,” probably the best light helicopter ever made. It made a sharp turn south, paralleling the shoreline two hundred yards out.
Suddenly tracers spat from the helo’s open door, striking the rented boat. Two assault weapons on full auto responded from the little squad on the beach, reaching out to intersect the insectlike device in flight. The helo’s tracers started to shift toward them, then the bird staggered in the air and lost power. Smoke started pouring from it, and they could see flames. A moment later it made a hard splashdown in the water beyond the boat, pieces of rotor flying.
“Stupid,” said Zeke, pain in his voice. “Dammit, why did they do that?” It sounded like the Eden Plague was plaguing his conscience as well.
At least it isn’t just me, Daniel thought.
“Arrogant,” responded Spooky. “Be glad they did. Is one less variable.”
“We have a bigger problem,” said Skull, standing up and walking out of the trees onto the rocky beach. “Look.”
Their rented boat, their way off the island, was already listing noticeably. The helo’s shooter must have holed it badly below the waterline before it was knocked down.
“Dammit,” said Larry, staring. “What now?”
“What are you doing, DJ?” Zeke asked. “We can’t save the boat.”
Daniel was singlehandedly dragging the rubber raft toward the water. “How about the people in the helo!” he yelled. “There might be survivors!”
Zeke stared at him for a second, then grabbed the other side of the raft and helped him get it to the water’s edge. “Spooky, you and DJ paddle out there.” Zeke ran back to the tree line. “Elise, is there a boat in that boathouse?”
“Yes there is! An 18-foot powerboat. Let’s go get it!” she said eagerly. She started back into the woods in the direction of the dock, Skull and Zeke following right behind.
Daniel and Spooky rowed out to where the Loach had hit. Wreckage was still floating, and there was one man clinging to a piece. They dragged him into the rubber boat and he lay there gasping. Spooky kept a weapon pointed at his nose. They looked around but couldn’t find anyone else. Daniel kept his mouth shut. They’d saved one man anyway.
By this time they heard, then saw, the powerboat screaming around the south end of the island at thirty knots or more. Daniel hoped they didn’t hit a submerged rock at that speed. As they got closer he could see Skull driving, with Elise in the back. The boat soon pulled in close to shore.
They got their feet wet loading up, leaving the helo survivor on the shore with his hands zip-cuffed and his eyes taped over. He could peel off the tape, walk back to the burned complex, find a sharp piece of metal to cut the cuffs, and free his two buddies, but by that time the team would be long gone.
It was crowded in the boat, but Daniel didn’t mind. Elise was pushed up against him, shivering in the cold spindrift wind. He wrapped his arms around her, just enjoying the feeling of survival, freedom and healthy woman.
She responded, pressing herself against his muscular warmth, but suddenly pushed him gently away. She put her left foot up against the coaming and pulled up her pants leg. Strapped to her ankle was an electronic device with a light on it, flashing angry red. “Cut it off,” she instructed. “They said they could track me with it.”
While the rest stared, Daniel took out his knife again and carefully sliced the strap. He tossed it into the blacking sea. Track that, spy-boys.
“Anything else you want to tell us?” Zeke yelled into the noise of the rushing air. Elise shook her head, looked down, embarrassed. Daniel squeezed her hand.
Spooky remarked over the net, “If I was them I would have a tracker on this boat.”
“Right. Zeke to Vinny, meet us at alternate marina Charlie with a bug-finder. We’ll pull in and you can give it a once-over. ETA maybe five minutes, so haul ass.”
Vinny met them at a little marina a couple of miles down the coast from where they had rented the boat. He went over the speedboat with an electronic detector, soon yanking out a fist-sized GPS transmitter. He tossed that into the water.
Larry, Elise and Daniel piled into Vinny’s Toyota and drove back to the motel. Skull roared off in the powerboat, to a different marina. Vinny dropped them off, then went to pick up the rest. Good thing there were dozens of landing places up and down the coast.
In the hotel room Daniel phoned in a huge order of Chinese for delivery. In the meantime they ate and drank everything that was handy. Crackers, cookies, cans of vegetable juice, full-sugar soda, tuna, it was all shoveled into their gullets like pelicans at a fish farm. When the take-out arrived, they plowed into that, too. When the others returned to the hotel, they found a half-eaten styrofoam buffet and two stuffed Eden Plague carriers sitting on the floor half-asleep. The third, Larry, was in the bathroom cleaning up.
Zeke caught a whiff of the food and grabbed the nearest box, eating with a grim determination. Daniel saw his rigger belt was cinched up tight and he looked like he had lost twenty pounds today. The other three started eating as well, though with only normal human urgency.
“We gotta get out of here,” Daniel said over the noise of the gobbling. He forced himself up to sit on the bed. “Even if they don’t make us here, they know we’re in the area.”
The rest nodded.
“All right, people,” Zeke said between bites. “Tear it down. Get ready to roll out.”
“Wait,” said Skull forcefully. He swept everyone with an even harder look than usual. “The lab’s burnt and unless there’s a lot of data stored off-site, we set them back years. But there are two loose ends. Or three.”
“Yes,” agreed Spooky. “The scientists and the doctor.”
Daniel preempted their argument. “So we go snap them up. Now. We know where they are. We know four of six shooters are out of the picture – at least two in the helo, two from the lab. We can probably snatch the scientists in their beds not three miles from here. Does the doctor in charge live here?”
“No, Durgan lives in Annapolis,” said Elise. “He comes down once a week or so. But he’s just an educated manager; he couldn’t recreate the work, though Arthur and Roger and I together could. Daniel is right.” She hugged his arm, sitting there next to him, and he felt warm all over.
“Much easier to just put a bullet into their heads,” observed Skull. He was staring at Daniel, like he was ready for the inevitable argument.
Zeke beat him to it. “No. No murder.”
“It’s preemptive self-defense,” retorted the sniper.
“No, it’s assassination. It’s not justified.” Zeke was firm.
“The hell it’s not. Those guys were trying to kill us at the lab. That’s war in my book, and that makes them targets. Enemy combatants.”
“Those were their shooters. These guys are just scientists.”
Skull insisted, “You don’t think all those enemy nuclear physicists that disappeared in the last twenty or thirty years just fell into random holes, do you? We killed a bunch of them ourselves, and the Israelis got the rest.”
“Well, maybe we shouldn’t have done that,” chimed in Elise, her eyes blazing. “Maybe that makes us just as bad as they are.”
Daniel put a restraining hand on her arm, knowing she wasn’t going to get anywhere with these guys that way. She had proved herself to him, but not to them. “Let’s not sink to their level, I think is what she means,” he said mildly.
“Perhaps they would be useful. It is not so much more trouble to take them with us, I think,” said Spooky softly.
Skull snorted. “Zeke, your A-team is turning into a bunch of wussies.”
Zeke locked eyes with him. “Yeah, my A-team. Not yours. You want out?”
Skull stared at Zeke a long moment. “Not yet,” he finally said.
“Well, you let me know when ‘yet’ comes. Until then I need to rely on you. Can I rely on you, Skull?” His eyes bored in.
Skull swallowed, nodded once, solemnly. “Yeah. Of course you can, Zeke. It’s your call.”
Zeke grinned and patted Skull’s cheek, breaking the tension. “I love you too, man. Okay, hasty operation, we snatch our mad scientists. Half an hour for planning, then we go.”

***

An hour later they were on the road with two more guests. Both had been very happy to come with them. Both had been glad to get rid of their ankle bracelets.
They traveled in a convoy of four SUVs. Vinny had wired the vehicles with secure commo for their tactical net. That way they could talk freely as they drove, and everyone could hear. Daniel was glad; he didn’t want to wait until the end of another road trip for answers, and he had no idea where they were going or how far.
They sweated some before they got off the peninsula; until they made it through the Virginia Beach – Norfolk area, they were bottlenecked. Fortunately they were ahead of the posse, it seemed, and soon they were wending their way up I-64 toward Richmond, Charlottesville and points west.
They gave the two scientists an abbreviated version of what was going on. Elise said neither of them was an Eden Plague carrier. They both expressed relief at being out of the situation, along with natural fear of the government reaction. Welcome to the club, Daniel thought. Welcome through the looking glass.
Then it was time for some explanations. After a little bit of discussion among the former INS, Inc. employees, Roger mumbled, “Elise should tell it. She’s been around the longest, she knows the most.”
So Elise started to speak, in a kind of detached remembering voice.



-14-

“I was the first to do real research on the Eden Plague, in this century anyway, I think.  Before me there was just an MD named Raphe Durgan. He said he was from the USDA, Department of Agriculture, but he didn’t act like it. He acted like an arrogant spymaster, always bragging about being ‘in the black world’ and ‘behind the green door’ and terms like those. Anyway, Durgan had figured out just from his initial analysis that the virus would have some interesting effects, maybe curative ones. He tried it out on animals but it didn’t do much; it seemed made for people. So he wanted a human test subject that would be grateful no matter what - someone dying, like I was.
   “With me he got more than he bargained for - a complete cure - so he got me hired for the team and swore me to secrecy with all those government confidentiality clauses. He was ecstatic, and sent me over to Plum Island research center to take a look at the biological materials. He said the things were captured in Iraq from some technology smugglers looting the crumbling Soviet Union. Samples sealed in some Soviet-style containers, nothing but biohazard symbols on them. He’d gotten the Eden Plague virus from those samples - though we hadn’t named it yet.
“I knew there was some sort of politics involved. That old ‘WMD in Iraq’ argument. That’s why they set it up under the CDC, I think – someone outside of the usual national security establishment. I got the impression there was a lot of infighting among the CIA, Department of Defense, Homeland Security, and Justice about it. It was all very hush-hush; I kept my mouth shut and just did the work. It’s what you do when you have a security clearance and you work on secret projects. I just wanted to do the research.”
“What about the containers?” Daniel asked, impatient.
“All but one had human remains in them. One had a whole human head, a woman. The others held half-burned pieces of flesh. One of them had a smaller container inside, that had been opened but was still half-full of a purified virus-like organism in an inert matrix.”
“So that was the Eden Plague?” inquired Zeke.
“No, it was something else. But the human remains were contaminated with the Eden Plague.”
“What about the pure sample?” Daniel asked.
“Let me tell it in my own way, okay sweetie?”
Daniel sat back and twined his fingers in hers. She’d called him “sweetie.” He shut up, a stupid grin on his face. The grin faded as he thought further. He didn’t usually react this way to a woman, getting hyper-infatuated. Another side effect of the Eden Plague? That plus the combat high? His mind worried at the question, like a dog with a bone.
Elise went on. “After a cursory analysis, it was obvious both plagues were never-before-seen stuff, something new. I reported everything to Durgan alone. Pretty soon the CDC informed me the project was being transferred to Durgan’s company under a privatization initiative. He offered me double what I was making, so I gave my notice right away. Actually I’d have done it for the same pay. I wanted to figure out what we had, and I was so grateful to just be alive I was ready to do almost anything he wanted.
“So pretty soon I started work at the brand-new lab on Watts Island, along with Roger and Arthur. The government seems to like islands, though technically it was the company’s facility. They can control islands better. We’ve been working there ever since. Almost five years.
“We started basic testing, deconstruction, gene sequencing on both viruses, plagues. We called them phages or plagues for want of a better term, since they were different from most other viruses. Durgan took our reports, helped a little in the lab, asked some smart questions, but we did all the work. He wouldn’t hire any technicians, so it went slower than it should have. I know now he was more concerned about secrecy than progress. I think he had some notion of cashing in on our discoveries, keeping them from his secret government masters.
“We got whatever gear we wanted. I hear they paid millions for the island, but the equipment cost ten times as much. More. Nothing but the best. DNA sequencers, electron microscopes, virus incubators, whatever we wanted. And they kept raising our pay, too. We worked like demons. That’s ironic; you’ll hear why soon.
“So you asked about the pure sample. It was a far simpler virus, or proto-virus, than the other. It acted like a phage, invading whatever cells we gave it and damaging them, but the effects were much more subtle than one would expect. In simple organisms it didn’t have much effect at all. In more complex organisms it degraded everything, every process, but it was very hit or miss, and didn’t seem like a big deal. I’m compressing years of study into minutes here, okay?
“Also, without getting too deep into why we thought so, it seemed like maybe this virus could be the evolutionary ancestor of all viruses. Virus Zero. So Arthur came up with an idea. We used some powerful modeling software to ‘back out’ the virus and its computed effects from living organisms. We ran the infection process backward in the computer, so to speak, undoing the damage this thing did on our model organisms, all the way up to people, to homo sapiens.
“You know what we got in our no-virus model? Incredibly healthy people, physically, mentally, emotionally. They were strong, they didn’t get sick, they didn’t get cancer, they didn’t develop mental illness. They had long life spans, at the theoretical limit of telomere degradation and cell division. A thousand years or more. Like Methuselah in the Bible.
“So imagine Earth before this thing arrived. With no viruses and no degrading effect of this plague, it would be Eden. Everything more healthy, everything in better balance. Then this plague showed up sometime during the last ten thousand years, before recorded human history but after the Ice Age.
“Maybe it evolved here, but I just don’t see how. I think it’s extraterrestrial. If anything can survive a naked journey through space to another planet, a virus could. It could be the result of a life-bearing planet being destroyed, the debris scattered through interstellar space carrying it. Or it could be sent from some aliens that wish us harm. What better way to attack another world on the cheap? Biological warfare, like smallpox blankets and the Indians, or plague corpses catapulted over the castle walls.”
Zeke broke in, “Maybe we should keep that to ourselves. People will say we’ve been infected by alien viruses and are not human any longer…like we’re pod people or something.”
That stopped Elise for a moment. “Yeah, right. Shut up about aliens. So anyway we – mostly Roger - made an extremely sophisticated computer model of our Eden, with humans and animals living in balance, with those long lifespans, with telomeres that didn’t degrade…everything we had learned by the virtual-undoing model. Then we introduced the virtual plague to see what would happen. We ran the infection model forward again.”
Elise took a deep breath. “It spread like wildfire, infecting everything. Living things degraded, subtly but thoroughly. The higher order the organism, the more it degraded. It affected humans most of all, promoting animalistic behavior.
“The plague left most host cells intact, but with a bunch of mutations and other damage to every system in the body. It shortened lifespans, made everyone stupider and weaker, more selfish, more violent, less altruistic and social in their behavior. It also boosted the fertility of both male and female, so it accelerated population explosions, competition for territory. Humans and animals both began overeating, overkilling, gorging on prey, overgrazing land and trees. Killing for sport. Fighting for territory, fighting over mating rights. They stopped cooperating. Humans started tribal wars. Everything just went to hell, hell on Earth, compared to what went before.”
She rubbed her face with both of her hands. “So we called it the Devil Plague. This devil corrupted our virtual Eden.”
Daniel’s mind whirled with the implications. Maybe those old stories had a grain of truth in them. The Devil was supposed to have come from Heaven to Earth, corrupting the Garden of Eden. This was the panspermia scenario’s evil twin; instead of a life-bearing meteorite jump-starting life, it damaged what was already here. He said, “So you believe this is what happened in the real world? Like the model?”
“Actually, yes,” she said. “It makes sense. But by this time Dr. Durgan thought we had a biological weapon we could use. We couldn’t convince him that it wouldn’t work that way. He thought we were holding out on him, so he assigned us those…commissars. Minders. Slave drivers. We couldn’t take vacations, or visit our families. He thought we were acting like those German nuclear scientists under the Nazis, the ones that slowed down their atomic bomb program…but we weren’t! We would have resisted if it really were a bio-weapon. Ironically, we were being punished for a moral choice we never had to make.”
“So it can’t be weaponized?” asked Vinny.
Arthur spoke up. “No, the Devil Plague wouldn’t do much to anyone now. It has done all the damage it was going to do more than ten thousand years ago. There is a kind of limit. It will only put so much of a load on the physiological system, and then it just stops replicating itself and goes inert. In fact, it’s everywhere even now. You can find it in everything in a dormant state, in low concentrations. It only flares up occasionally, almost at random. And it’s actually fairly easy to generate resistance. In the real world, we demonstrated that every eukaryotic organism on Earth has enough residual immunity to make it just a nuisance disease. No worse than a cold. It was a dead end, except as a research subject.”
Elise picked up the thread smoothly. “Yes, it seems like humans got lucky. Developed a certain amount of immunity, developed resistance. So we started studying the Eden Plague. Of course we didn’t call it that then, but once we figured it out, the name was inevitable. But this one is certainly a designed organism, probably by humans. I’d guess the Russians created it. They did a lot of research on biologicals, on phages. They have medical phage clinics even now, to treat superbug bacterial infections. Phages to kill bacteria.”
Daniel stuck his hand up like a kid in class. “How come you don’t think the Eden Plague is extraterrestrial too?”
She replied, “Because it looks like it was built directly from the Devil Plague. Genetically engineered with known techniques. You need the poison to design the antidote. That’s the only reason it was even possible, because they had isolated and purified the proto-DP to study it in its non-mutated state.
“So Durgan was hoping this was his bio-weapon, but it wasn’t. It seemed to us that the Eden Plague was specifically designed to reverse the Devil Plague process. To restore certain organisms – in this case humans – to their former state. And it almost works! With a few years and a billion dollars I’m pretty sure it could be perfected. We’ve come a long way in genetic engineering the past few decades since they made this.”
Elise sounded enthusiastic, but smart as she was, Daniel didn’t think she had thought it through as far as he had. He said, “Even in its current imperfect form, it seems like a cure for a lot of diseases. So what if the patient has to eat a lot of food. That’s a small price to pay for saving someone’s life. But if word gets out, and it’s in short supply, the whole world will be after it. It could plunge us into World War Three.”
“Oh.” A look of horror came over her face. “Do you really think so? But it would be free to everyone! Even now, it could be passed from person to person. It’s only contagious through bodily fluids...”
He went on, relentlessly. “But people in the government would want to control anything so valuable. Sell it, keep it for themselves or their own citizens first, or blackmail others with it…or finish developing it as a super-soldier serum. No matter how you slice it, it’s power. And word of it would wreck the medical establishment overnight. No need for doctors or hospitals or drug companies anymore, when perfect health is free. Millions thrown out of work, trillions of dollars of value lost, the stock markets crashing, economic depression.”
“But it will free up mankind to do so much more!” she cried.
“Not until after a lot of chaos. And how about overpopulation?” asked the team’s resident pessimist, Skull. “If everyone is healthy and no one dies…”
“Yes, that’s a problem,” Arthur interjected. “The perfected Eden Plague would probably lower fertility, but not the version we have now. Quite the opposite, in fact, because healthy men and women will likely have more children.”
A nagging in the back of Daniel’s head finally came to the fore. “Wait a minute…this is the downside to society, to public disclosure, uncontrolled information. But Elise, you said there was a downside for the company. What is it?”
“You haven’t figured it out yet?” she asked him.
“I think I have part of it…it’s about the mental health, isn’t it? And conscience?”
“Exactly. The longer you have it, the more emotionally stable and also altruistic you seem to become. This version of the virus causes what we call the ‘virtue effect.’ Many people that get it will not be able to even contemplate making offensive war, or committing violent crimes. Even emotional violence or oppression will become harder and harder. It doesn’t inhibit abstract thinking, as far as we know. It just creates an overactive conscience. Probably too much of one.”
“And –” Daniel broke in excitedly, “– and with people’s fear of disease and violence removed, people who don’t have the Eden Plague will find it hard to oppress or bully people either. But the bigwigs won’t want to give up their status, their ability to oppress people or order them around. And a world full of Edens wouldn’t be intimidated or controllable. It would be the end of the power structure as we know it! Even if it was kept secret. In fact, it’s a ticking time bomb. Eventually it will come to light, if they keep it around. Someone will talk, or use it to cure someone they love, or take it for themselves…and anyone that does becomes the enemy of the power structure. Automatic excommunication.”
“Ahem…” Roger cleared his throat. “That is correct. I believe carriers will be treated with jealousy, suspicion, hatred and fear. They will be targets of oppression, quarantine, imprisonment and perhaps extermination. The four infected people here may be the only carriers left in the entire world. Perhaps there are others, hiding somewhere, in Russia or other parts of Asia. Or perhaps the Soviets wiped it out, all but those samples that someone probably stole during the chaos when their protocols and controls collapsed.”
“That will happen if only a small number of people have it. If millions have it…they can’t quarantine and oppress everyone!” said Elise passionately.
“They’ll try. It threatens the established order,” Roger answered dispassionately, then fell quiet.
They sat there in silence for a time, listening to the rushing of air and the humming of wheels on the highway. They were nine people in a moving convoy connected by radio and by the enormity of what they possessed. They might hold the salvation of humanity inside their bodies. Or perhaps its ruin.
Daniel realized he didn’t want that responsibility. He also realized that he didn’t have any alternative.



-15-

After a while Daniel asked. “You said four people? What about you two, Arthur and Roger? Why don’t you have the Eden Plague?”
“We didn’t infect ourselves because we didn’t want to be as restricted as Elise was. We also didn’t want to have everyone carrying it in case we had to do something ruthless. It is ironic. And there still might have been some unknown problem. What if some years after infection it suddenly made a horrible left turn – aging, cancer, immune system breakdown. Who could know?”
“But that’s all just guesses. What’s wrong with it for sure? Why isn’t it perfected?” Larry asked. “And can I still…you know…with a woman?”
Elise laughed. “Haven’t you been listening? Yes, and you’re fertile, too, if you want kids.”
Daniel sat bolt upright, an expression of wonder on his face.
Elise looked at him curiously. Her hand had crept back into his, and now she gripped it hard, concerned.
Daniel squeezed back and broke out in a big smile. “Never mind…it’s all good.” He relaxed back in the seat. He wasn’t going to talk about personal plans in front of seven extra people, but the thought kept going around and around in his head. If it healed everything else…it should have healed that too. We could have kids. A son to carry on my name, and the tradition of service.
He couldn’t stop grinning.
“It’s not perfected because it’s not,” Arthur spoke up, sounding a bit cross. “Genetic engineering is complex and difficult. And I have to pee. Can we take a break?”
“Next truck stop,” answered Zeke.
Thirty minutes later everyone had had a break and a takeout meal and were back on the road. Daniel readied his next question, one he’d had from the start. “So Elise…why me, anyway?”
She laughed wryly. “Why anyone? It had to be someone. You had been in the special operations community. You still had your clearances. You had no family other than your father left alive. Only child, highly motivated, high moral index. And ruthless when the mission called for it, but you didn’t enjoy killing; you were a combat lifesaver. And I was their first human test subject, but I wasn’t any kind of soldier. They wanted someone tough that could follow orders, but that wouldn’t go rogue. They wanted someone driven and ruthless because they thought the conscience problem could be overcome. At least, they wanted to test its limits. And you lived nearby. You popped out of the database. That’s pretty much it.”
“What database? The Air Force Personnel database would only show my service record and my retirement. You said ‘high moral index’ at my house too…”
Then it came to him.
“Oh, that slimy bastard. My shrink, Benchman. He collaborated. Turned over my medical records – broke his oath and my confidentiality. I should never have trusted him, I should have done what everyone in the service that wants to avoid trouble does: stay away from the psychiatrists. And…you saw my psych record too, didn’t you?” He suddenly knew he was right – knew now why she seemed to know him back then.
She hung her head. “Yes, I saw your file. I’m sorry, it wasn’t like I could refuse their orders. I just know they picked you out of some kind of pool of candidates. Then Jenkins said he’d do the recruiting, claimed he had the perfect approach. He came and got me, twisted my arm, you know the rest.”
“That approach got him killed.” Daniel mulled that over, ran the checklist of open items in his mind. “Hmm…back to what you said earlier. How could they overcome the conscience ‘problem’?” He asked this with faint sarcasm.
Elise pulled her hand away and crossed her arms before answering. “Doctor Durgan had some ideas. He got drunk and bragged to me once. Electroshock. Brain surgery. Personality conditioning techniques, drugs…it might be possible. Eden Plague is subtle and gentle by comparison. It shapes you with a kind of aversion therapy. The more harmful you yourself believe what you are doing is, the harder it will be to do. It’s based on your own basic beliefs about right and wrong. So you can perform surgery if you believe you are helping someone, but you can’t make those same cuts if you believe you are killing them. Unless you think the killing is morally right. Sincerely righteous.”
He thought for a moment, then asked another question. “One of you said most people infected would act better with emotional and mental health improvement…what about the other fraction?”
He felt Elise tense up beside him, and he looked at her. She dropped her eyes. “There are genetic wild cards, unpredictable effects. The EP isn’t perfect, and…maybe even a perfected EP wouldn’t fix everyone. Human brains and minds are just too complex. Our models predict some people, maybe people who are already mentally ill, psychopaths or sociopaths, wouldn’t be cured. The ones with no sense of right and wrong at all. Very few, but if millions were infected…”
Daniel went cold as he digested that. “So…if you genuinely believe killing someone was good for everyone…even the target…you could do it? Like a jihadist who believes he’s doing God’s will?”
Elise nodded. “I think so…it’s all theory right now.”
“Another downside. We’re playing with dynamite here.” Daniel mused aloud. “So we could end up with some kind of amoral superman in charge of the uninfected fearful masses, claiming to ‘protect’ them. That’s always the way people accumulate power. They claim patriotism; they say they are providing security. Play on people’s fear. Stalin did it, Hitler did it, and Mao. Though they didn’t follow it up with mass murder, McCarthy did it in the fifties and Cheney did it after 9/11. And whoever arises would be a true believer! Maybe someone who really thought he was helping people by enslaving them, and killing us Edens. With all the EP’s physiological advantages. Self-righteous psychopaths…it could make the Holocaust look mild by comparison.”
Elise looked into Daniel’s eyes, deliberately reached out to take his hands in hers. She shook them in time with her words. “I don’t know. I just – don’t – know.” Her eyes flicked toward Skull, in the front seat.
He forced his own away. Skull had been a sniper. Not that they were all bad, or even most, but a significant minority of snipers had serious problems coming back from war. Drawing a cold bead on enemy combatants, ending life after life from an impersonal distance, had to take a toll…unless he was already suited for it by a certain personality quirk. Unless he secretly liked it. Skull had wanted to execute the INS security, he’d wanted to liquidate the scientists…and he’d put a gun to Daniel’s chest.
Daniel wondered what would happen if Skull got infected. Which way would his tightly wound psyche turn? How long would he keep following Zeke’s orders? What if he decided Zeke wasn’t himself anymore, with the Eden Plague in him?
It was the same excuse uninfected humanity would use for wiping them out, or cutting their brains up, he realized. They would say the infectees weren’t human anymore, and that would justify a whole legion of new Doctor Mengeles, the Nazi concentration camp experimenter. The others would say their will was not their own, that they were some kind of monsters, when in reality, they were the monsters.
All you had to do was take a visit to Dachau or Auschwitz or Srebrenica to see what kind of monsters humans could be. Humanity had always been brutally selfish; one slip, trip and fall away from lynch-mob violence, from downright evil. It wouldn’t take much of a breakdown in society to push them all across that line.
Because the non-Edens were now the weaker species they would be afraid of Plague carriers, he realized. When people feared something, they hated it and wanted to destroy it.
Daniel didn’t think the Eden Plague compromised his free will. It didn’t stop him being human. No more than being in love – with Elise? – or hating someone or being afraid or winning the lottery did. It was just one more piece of life. But once they got where they were going, things in their makeshift army might fall apart. The center might not hold. The fate of humanity might rest on just how this little group, these nine people, handled the next few days.
Daniel looked in Elise’s eyes and saw she was thinking thoughts in line with his.
Just then a cell phone rang.
Everyone looked around in confusion. A babble of voices came over the net.
“Shut up!” Zeke roared. “Where is it?”
Elise pulled the offending instrument out of a pocket. “I took it off of Karl…the guy that tried to shoot us.” She looked apologetic. “I’m sorry, I forgot until now!”
Daniel grabbed it, still ringing. He looked at the incoming number, pulled out a marker, and wrote it on his arm. Then he opened it up, pulled the battery and sim card out. “Just a minute…” He wiped their prints off it, then waited for the next overpass. Then threw the whole mess out and down at speed.
“Vinny, I took the caller’s number. If I use a disposable phone to call it, and they have a trace ready, how long do I have?”
Vinny answered, “At least thirty seconds, maybe a minute. After that, they will know what wireless cell you are calling from, which will snapshot our position within a couple of miles.”
“Thanks.” Daniel put the battery in his last disposable phone, sat there thinking about what to say. Then dialed. “Someone call out at five second intervals please.”
Ring.
“Jenkins.” A middle-aged male voice, rich, self-assured.
Daniel’s brain stuttered. He swallowed. He hoped he was wrong.
“Mister Jervis Andrew Jenkins the Third?” He asked.
“FIVE.”
“Yes. Who is this?”
“Sir…I’m sorry about your son. I apologize for my part in his death.”
A silence.
“TEN.”
“Markis? Daniel Markis? You have to come in. Everything depends on it.”
“Mister Jenkins, we have the Plagues. Both of them. Leave us alone. I can’t let them be used for what you want.”
“FIFTEEN.”
“What is it that I want?” he asked with forced amusement.
He’s stalling.
“The Plagues are ticking time bombs, and only my restraint will keep them from exploding. Leave us alone.”
“TWENTY.”
“We recovered enough from the lab to restart the research.”
“It will be too late. I’m hanging up now, before the trace. I truly am sorry about your son.”
“TWENTY-FIVE.”
Jenkins’ tone changed then, chill and vicious. “You son of a bitch, I’ll hunt you down for Andy’s sake, I swear to God I will –”
Daniel hung up. Took the battery out. Handed it to Elise. “Throw this away, will you?” He massaged his throbbing temples. He had no doubt Jenkins would try to do as he said.

***

A little while after they crossed into West Virginia they made a last stop for gas and food, then turned northward onto a nondescript two-lane that looked like it had last been repaved in the Eisenhower administration. It wended its way up into the central Appalachians, through towns with names like Cornstalk and Trout and Cold Knob, where bony women in faded pioneer dresses or worn jeans and tee shirts put their hands with cigarettes on their hips and stared suspiciously at them; where hard-eyed men in John Deere and Caterpillar caps spat tobacco juice from their rocking chairs on their front porches or out of their pickup truck windows; where every rickety house had an American flag on an angled pole nailed to the front post, and every store, no matter what kind, added “Bait and Tackle” and “Guns and Ammunition” and “Beer and Cigarettes” to its signage.
West Virginia was the only state to actually secede from the Confederacy to the Union, and they took their patriotism seriously. So did every one of their band, though Daniel was sure they all had their own ideas about how to apply it. He studied each of the men in turn.
This Appalachian backwater was a far cry from the thin splash of freeway suburbia along the interstate, where smiling cashiers fat with fast food asked, “Would you like fries with that?” in deliberately flattened accents. They almost expected the sound of banjos to come wafting through their opened windows.
Driving at mountain road speeds, twenty to forty, they turned off on an unmarked gravel track, still more or less northwards by the angle of the chill sunlight.
They passed by beautiful, rugged woodland with patches of snow lingering in the shady spots. They were glad of their high clearances and four-wheel drives when they had to cross a shallow but swift stream of snowmelt that cut the road. Larry had to be shown how to engage his 4WD on the Escalade. To Daniel it didn’t look like he’d ever used it in urban Atlanta.
After another hour and progressively worsening terrain, they climbed a short way up a steep mountainside on what looked like a logging trail until they abruptly broke out onto a very wide, well graded gravel highway. Turning sharply left, they climbed a couple of hundred yards more onto – into – an otherworldly landscape, a different world.
The road had leveled out and they drove through an unnaturally flattened plateau, with odd-shaped, artificial-looking hills scattered around. It appeared that a giant boy had played with his toy earthmovers, making arbitrary excavations and dumping dirt into cone-shaped sand-castle mounds, all sharp angles and straight sides. The whole thing was about a mile across, overgrown with a thin veneer of scrubby grass and thistle, and the gravel road they were on turned black. It put Daniel in mind of a fantasy book he’d read as a boy, where the hero would shift through the thin shadowy layers between strange worlds with his mind, past an evil black road.
“Mountaintop removal mining,” Zeke remarked. “Blast off the top of the peak, scoop up the material and process it for coal or whatever other ore is in it. Repeat as necessary. Not very pretty, but efficient. And our salvation.”
He led the way in the Land Rover, turning off the black road that crossed the plateau toward the only remaining natural feature, a rising piece of the mountain that had not been removed. It loomed more than a thousand feet above, showing a covering of thick, undamaged natural forest. It was as if the miners had excavated up to the perimeter of this peak and decided to stop. Or maybe something convinced them to stop?
Zeke pulled the Land Rover to a halt, still well within the dug-out mining zone.
The rest of them pulled up in a line, getting out and stretching after the long drive. The men moved away from the lone woman in the group to pee behind the last SUV. Like so often happened, the lady was going to have to wait or squat behind a bush.
Daniel looked at Elise and smiled, shrugged sympathetically.
She had lifted her eyes to the sky, sneezed, then seemed to notice his gaze. A smile broke out warm on her face. “I hope wherever we’re going, we’re close,” she said, stepping over to him, and he embraced her.
Everything smelled of mountains. Clean. The afternoon sun felt warm but the air was biting with the chill of late winter. An eagle screamed high above, making lazy circles among the turkey buzzards riding a thermal over the warmer, exposed ground. Daniel held her closer.
“We are really beyond hicksville,” Larry remarked. It broke the mood as Daniel realized they had an audience, polite and benevolent, but even so…they pulled apart.
Daniel guessed Larry must be feeling invincible after coming back from those injuries. He knew better. No plague in the world would bring you back from a bullet to the brain, or one that tore through the heart. It wasn’t magic.
Opening up the back of the Jeep, Daniel reached into an ice chest he’d packed full of food and slapped together a sandwich, popping open a soda can. He left the chow out for other hungry people, making a gesture of invitation. Then he went over to see what Zeke was doing.
He watched as Zeke opened up a case and laid a topographical map on the hood of the Land Rover. Zeke took a lensatic compass out of his pocket and started doing a resection. Daniel realized that he was trying to locate something specific, old-school, without the GPSs they had dumped for fear of being traced.
Zeke took sightings on known points, in this case mountaintops, plotted the azimuths back from those points on the map, and found their exact position at the intersection of the plots. Once he had done that, he used a thin clear plastic military protractor to draw a line between their position and a point already marked on his map, measuring the angle. He then lifted the compass to his eye and sighted along it, turning until he was looking exactly along that bearing. He stared at something there for about fifteen seconds, fixing it in his mind. Then he turned back to the group, which by this time had formed a rough semicircle around him, watching. He rolled up the dummy cord attached to the compass, putting it in his pocket.
“Let me tell you a story,” Zeke began dramatically. “One day about ten years ago I got a funny call at my desk in the Pentagon. I was doing my hated staff tour and I really don’t know how the call got routed to me, but a lot of weird calls come to the Pentagon from concerned citizens about everything from UFOs to unexploded ordnance. This one was from a manager at a mining company who had run across some kind of old underground government installation in the course of their operations.” He pointed with an outstretched arm at where he had been looking just a moment ago. “Right there.”
“What is it?” Elise queried.
With the air of a showman, he responded, “I was hoping you would ask. I’ll show you. Follow along, kiddies, and don’t wander off.”
Zeke climbed back behind the wheel of the Land Rover, and the rest of them piled back into the other trucks. He led the way directly across the plateau, powering over head-high thistles and through brambles, the only things that would take root in the mine tailings and basalt, a thin layer of green. After about three hundred yards they approached the untouched mass of older-growth forest. Majestic evergreens, ash and oaks rose abruptly at the dividing line, with lots of snow patches on the ground where the sun touched only weakly.
Looking back under the trees, they could see a dilapidated cyclone fence, with rusted and unreadable signs hanging every ten yards or so on it. Some lay on the ground where they had fallen off. The Land Rover drove leftward along the tree line for a few seconds, then abruptly veered right, onto a barely visible remnant of a concrete road. Thirty yards in, they came upon a still-standing steel-poled gate. The sign on this barrier was newer, and contained official warning phrases: “Restricted Area” and “Use of Deadly Force Authorized.”
Zeke hopped out, unlocked the new, heavy padlock on the chain that held it shut, then drove through. He must have been here before. Maybe the lock was his. They paused to let Spooky lock it up again.
There was some chatter over the net, but Zeke kept his mouth shut, probably enjoying the sense of mystery he had created. Daniel was curious, but then, he liked a mystery when nobody was trying to kill him because of it. He just kept his eyes open and tried to figure it out on his own.
They drove up the road, two hundred more yards of still-serviceable but overgrown concrete, until they came to an enormous set of double doors in the mountainside, hidden by trees that had grown up. The opening would be big enough to drive a five-ton military truck straight in if the doors were thrown back. Daniel figured Zeke wouldn’t have led them up here if he didn’t know how to get in.
The doors had a large wheel mechanism, like a ship’s pressure hatch, holding them shut, and a big handle next to a hooded boxy metal fitting. It looked like it would take two men to move the wheel, if it would turn at all in its current state of disrepair. Apparently someone had slapped a coat of paint on the door and mechanism a few years back and there was another of the steel warning signs bolted to the front.
When everyone had dismounted from the trucks in front of the doors, in the twilight under the trees, Zeke called out in a loud announcer’s voice, “Welcome to the Bunker: code name Sosthenes.”



-16-

Zeke sprayed some lubricant into the mechanism of the door, stuck a big odd key into a hole in the hooded box fitting, and then cranked the handle to the left like on a combination safe. It took two of them to turn the hatch wheel, and three of them to get it closed again from the inside. It was well made, but it was old. There were manufacturing plates fastened to the inside of the door that said “US Army Corps of Engineers” and “1943” on them.
They drove their little convoy into an unlit tunnel, bored into the mountain at a shallow downward angle. The headlights showed hastily cut living rock, the seams and veins visible as the tunnel descended through layers and lodes. There was crude and deteriorating bracing of riveted steel girders, and the whole thing was faced with rusting steel mesh. This kept most of the rocks out, but there was one part where they had to get out and manhandle some small boulders and rock fall where it had broken through into the open space of the tunnel. This place hadn’t seen any maintenance in a while.
About a quarter mile down there was another huge double door, with a smaller, man-sized one inset into one side. They opened these too, with less difficulty since they hadn’t been exposed to the elements at all. They drove through, into a vast open space the size of an indoor sports stadium, perhaps two hundred yards across and a hundred high. Huge girders braced the roof, and more steel mesh. There were only a few rock falls that had broken through, along with a trickle of water that was forming limestone riffles and tiny stalactites along the rising, sloping wall-ceiling.
Rows of vehicles stood covered in dull green canvas tarpaulins – five-ton and deuce-and-a-half trucks, vintage jeeps, and construction vehicles, things Daniel didn’t recognize that could be some kind of mining and cutting equipment. He saw a row of dusty glass windows along one side, and several doors. Two truck-sized tunnel openings led even deeper.
They got out and turned off the vehicles, but left the truck lights on. Nine people shuffled around the four modern vehicles in the eerie silence, punctuated by dripping water and the sound of engines cooling.
“Cold in here.” Elise rubbed her arms, then pulled someone’s jacket out from behind a seat and put it on.
Daniel suppressed a flash of jealousy as he saw it wasn’t his. He should have thought of that. She had nothing but the clothes she was wearing. He resolved to fix that situation. He resolved to give her whatever she needed.
“What is this place?” asked Roger, peering nearsightedly around through his thick glasses. It appeared the question was somewhat rhetorical, for he started to answer it himself. “Some kind of government bunker, built back in World War Two…but that backhoe is a 1950s model.”
“Right,” answered Zeke. “The Sosthenes bunker was commissioned in 1940 during the Battle of Britain, when they thought there would eventually be a chance of air raids on the East Coast by the Third Reich. The Germans had some super-bombers in development that never panned out. Then as that threat waned, the US kept building because of the possibility of the Nazis getting the A-bomb – and because they’d already paid for it. Never underestimate the inertia of a government contract and jobs in a Senator’s home state. It was to be a place for continuity of governance, where the President, Congress and the Supreme Court could maintain function. It was kept active into the cold war, through the changeover to the better-known Greenbrier bunker, code named ‘Greek Island,’ in 1961.”
Arthur crossed his arms. “There is no way this kind of construction could withstand a nuclear attack. The whole thing would probably collapse. Glass in the windows? Pathetic!”
Zeke responded, “They had no idea until the first test how powerful an atomic blast would be. It even surprised the scientists working on it. That’s why they built the Greenbrier bunker, after they knew what it would take. Remember, we were stretched to the limit in the Big One. Once it ended, we breathed a big sigh of relief – for about four years. The Soviet Union detonated its first atomic bomb in 1949, so the U.S. geared up for the possibility of nuclear war. The government initiated Project Greek Island in the 1950s and once they had that super-bunker, this place got mothballed. Fortunately for us, over the next half-century plus, it got forgotten about too.”
“How do you know they won’t dig up the information on its existence, pardon the pun?” Elise asked.
“Because I searched every database I could access and deleted all references to it. I buried the only hardcopy file I could find in the basement of the Pentagon, and I took the keys out. It’s in the wrong box on the wrong shelf in the wrong vault, in a section that has already been digitized. But the Sosthenes file never was digitized. It was intended to be secret. So barring incredible luck or a tipped-off search taking thousands of man-hours, no one knows about this.”
“Except that mining official.”
“Sure, but all he knows is he ran into some unknown government property bounded by a fence. He never got in. Once I took a look I knew I couldn’t let anyone in on this. I told him it was hazardous waste storage, and if their mining operations got too close they could release toxic materials. And…I kinda let slip something about nerve gas and national security.”
Several of them chuckled. Elise said, “So he thought you were giving him a cover story and it was really old chemical weapons.”
“Yup,” Zeke replied. “So unless all hell breaks loose and the government actually comes out into the open to find us, enlists the public, it’s very unlikely anyone will connect the dots. If they do…at least we have our Alamo.”
“They all died at the Alamo, boss,” muttered Larry.
“Okay, bad metaphor. It’s our Cheyenne Mountain, how’s that.”
“That’s good, that’s an Air Force Base,” Daniel chimed in.
“Smartass blue-suiter. How about I show you the best part.”
“I hope it involves food, because we only got enough for a couple days,” Larry complained.
Zeke’s ever-present grin got wider. “Oh, baby, you have no idea. There’s enough in here for years. Come on, let’s run a jump.” He drove the Land Rover over to a diesel generator sitting by the wall, then hooked up his jumper cables. A moment later he had the machine started, and a faint orange glow started above their heads from dozens of sodium lamps. Not all of them worked, but there were enough. They turned off the car lights to conserve their batteries.
Elise wondered about the diesel emissions until she noticed its exhaust pipe ran up to a hole in the wall. The air in the cavern seemed fairly fresh, too. There must be some natural ventilation, like in those “breathing caves” found here and there.
Zeke walked over to the door at the end of the long row of windows. Vinny went with him. He turned on the lights inside, which were faint and flickering fluorescents. They looked like they wouldn’t last much longer. If they were going to refurbish and use this place, light bulbs were only the first of many things they would need.
“Oh man, this is a trip!” Vinny blurted, looking at the old equipment.
“Yep, and not a computer in sight. Just good old dials, knobs and switches.” Zeke flipped some of the switches and the lights came on in the two big tunnels, stretching deeper down into the mountain. The generator coughed and strained under the increased load. He flipped another two switches and two-thirds of the sodium lamps above their heads went off. There was still plenty of light.
“What happens when we run out of diesel?” Daniel asked him.
“That’s just for temporary use. Let’s go down and get this place running again. Larry, Roger, Vinny, you come with me. We’ll get the hydroelectric plant going. You guys look around up here. There shouldn’t be anything more dangerous than falling rocks. That reminds me – I suggest everyone wear a helmet. If you don’t have one, there are hard hats in there,” he said, pointing to a storage room door.
It took about four hours but eventually the tone of the generator changed, and a plethora of ancillary lights came on – exit lights over doors, secondary lights in the rooms behind the windows, and the sodium lamps got brighter. They also felt the soughing of a ventilation fan, apparently to supplement the natural air. That would help if they had to run any vehicles. Spooky took it upon himself to turn off the diesel generator, and nothing bad happened. It looked like the hydroelectric power was sufficient.
They’d been keeping busy exploring the cavern and the installations around it. There were locker rooms with showers and toilets, and after a lot of running, the water from the pipes cleared. The hot water faucets even ran fairly warm. There must be a hot spring or something like that.
There were offices with carefully mothballed manual typewriters, sealed canisters of replacement ribbons and bottles of ink. There were airtight boxes with paper and envelopes and manila folders, straight out of the 1950s. There were light bulbs and extension cords and fans and swivel chairs and a whole huge room full of shelves stocked with automotive parts in tinfoil and cellophane packing. There were cans of bearing grease and motor oil and differential oil and paint and ammonia and everything else imaginable. Daniel wondered how much money they could get for some of this stuff online. He knew one source of income they had if nothing else.
Much of it was unusable after all this time, but some was pristine, like the day it was made. He looked at a perfect, shiny set of hubcaps for the 1948 Ford Super Deluxe sitting on its flattened tires in the big cavern. The car itself had 257 miles on the odometer. It would probably fetch a year’s pay at an auction. This place was a museum and a goldmine.
Later on, Zeke showed them stacks of mint gold and silver coins in a vault, placed there to ensure the occupants had money if paper currency collapsed. There were also bundles of uncirculated US bills from the 1940s, which would fetch more than face value to collectors, at least twenty million dollars.
From this Daniel realized why Zeke hid that file. He was as honest and patriotic as the next man but who wouldn’t be tempted by twenty million in ready cash and all these toys? And it was all unknown, a victimless crime, a treasure trove just waiting half a century for someone to put it to use. He felt slightly guilty, but there were far more important considerations.



-17-

Daniel and the rest spent the next day moving in and trying to get the basics working in the bunker. Months of effort stretched in front of them if they were to live here long term.
They found a residence level, with over a hundred individual rooms. There were open bays that could house many more people in less comfort. Elise and Daniel took rooms well away from each other. Daniel didn’t trust the emotions born of those first intense moments, and he figured Elise didn’t either, so he would give it time, but they did spend a lot of time together, talking around their feelings, spiraling closer.
Struggling with not letting their physical desires for each other take over, Daniel realized more and more how much they were slaves to their own biology. There was an old saw about “if you don’t control your passions, your passions control you.” Daniel resolved to remain his own master, no matter what the Eden Plague did to him. He wasn’t about to jump in the sack with someone too soon. He’d done enough of that when he was younger. Besides, he couldn’t be sure it wasn’t just because of the Plague...and did he really want to risk her getting pregnant?
They – the two of them, and the rest – ate almost every meal together in a cafeteria with a kitchen attached. Right now food preparation consisted of dumping cans into saucepans and heating up the contents.
After a few days Zeke called a meeting for dinnertime, and they gathered there at one long table. He talked on his feet, pacing up and down, while everyone ate. “We have electricity, food, heat, air, and supplies. We need to discuss our next move.”
“What ‘we,’ Kemo Sabe?” Larry quipped.
Laughter from the older people. Elise and Vinny looked confused.
“I’ll explain later,” Daniel told her. Probably had barely even heard of the Lone Ranger.
“Seriously. What are we going to do?” Zeke said.
A long silence. A raised hand.
“Yes, Roger?”
“We need to set up a lab again. We need equipment. An electron microscope. DNA sequencers. Computers.”
“Noted. You three scientists draw up a wish list.”
“We need to set up the satellite dish, get comms up. We need internet, preferably tap into a landline somewhere,” said Vinny.
“Ditto. Make a list. You’ll be on the shopping team.”
Daniel crossed his arms. “Aren’t we getting ahead of ourselves? These are details. We need to discuss the bigger questions.”
“Such as?”
“Identity. Policy. Strategy. Structure. What are we? Are we just a bunch of outlaws? Are we an A-team? A township? Does everyone start bringing their families in here? Or do some of you who can, go back to a normal life and keep this knowledge to yourself? Because any one of us could blow the whole thing wide open, and get everyone buried deep in government black.”
Zeke blew air past his lips. “All right, good questions. Anyone?”
Elise said, “I think I speak for all of the former INS employees when I say we want to stay here for now and resume our research. This involves the fate of humanity. I don’t trust Jenkins or the government to handle it right. As long as this doesn’t turn into some kind of freaky cult, I don’t care much what the policy and strategy is. Not right now.”
Skull spoke. “We need to agree on some ROE, though. Rules of Engagement. Such as, no one they are looking for can leave the bunker unless it’s absolutely necessary.”
“He’s right,” Daniel said. “That means me and the INS people stay. And, nobody tells anyone else about the situation without everyone’s agreement.”
“Everyone? That’s cumbersome,” Zeke said.
Daniel responded, “Okay, then majority agreement? Right. I’ll start first. My dad lives a couple of hours from here. He has his own plane and some land. They will probably be watching him because of me, but we can agree in advance that he can be told and he will eventually come in, but only when we are sure it’s safe.”
Nods all around.
“And I know Zeke is waiting to say what he wants, so I’ll say it for him. His family. Wife and two kids. The longer we wait, the more likely they will connect him to me and the harder it will be to get them here. Zeke?”
“Yeah. What DJ said. I want them brought here. And my mom. She’s in a home with Alzheimer’s. She doesn’t even know me anymore. I don’t mean to sound cold-blooded but we might as well try the Eden Plague on her. She’s just in God’s waiting room right now anyway. It would be worth whatever side effects if her mind was restored, even for a couple of years.”
“Everyone okay with that?” Daniel asked.
Vinny said, “Why don’t we all agree that any immediate family that we trust can come in, but they can't leave. Don’t tell anyone who's going to stay outside anything.”
“See, there’s policy. Agreed?” Daniel asked. Everyone did. “Is there anyone that plans to go back to their life and forget about all this?” Daniel looked in Skull, Spooky and Vinny’s direction. They were the big question marks.
“No way,” says Vinny. “This is the coolest thing since forever. I always wanted to live outside the law and hack into anything I wanted. My family is Uncle Tran’s, so I’m just speaking for myself.”
There were nods and quiet mumbles of approbation. Everyone looked at Spooky, expectantly.
“I cannot bring my own family. Too many friends, brothers, uncles, cousins, my people. Unless they all come. So I go back. I am the man on the outside. Maybe there is a time I will bring my people in. Or send in some of them. Agree?” Spooky looked around anxiously, an unusual emotion for him to show. Everyone nodded.
Zeke said, “Done. Skull?”
Skull sat impassively, his arms crossed like Daniel’s. “I have to think about it,” he said. Stares turned his direction, some hostile.
Daniel didn’t want the man to be driven away. He had to keep peace. “Just as long as you don’t give up our secrets, I’m okay with that,” he said.
The rest of the group followed his lead, accepting. Skull’s expression might have thawed a trifle.
Larry spoke up. “Well, I’m infected, so I ain’t goin’ back to live. But I’d like to go back home for a while, see who might be good candidates. And I got my eye on a honey but it ain’t a done deal yet. I got a sister and she got kids, and then there’s my mom and dad. All right?”
Nods all around.
Zeke clasped his hands together, rubbed them briskly. “That’s settled, then. Because they’re at the most risk, the first expedition is to get my family. Then we can get anyone else’s. Who’s coming with me?”
The discussion sorted itself into two parts. The A-team composed of Skull, Larry, Spooky, and Zeke would go get his family. Once they were secured and en route to the bunker, Larry and Spooky and maybe Skull would go get Larry’s relatives, and possibly some of Spooky’s. The rest would stay at the bunker, with Vinny doing the shopping trips, and get the place in order.



-18-

Right before the mini-A-team left, Elise sought out Zeke. She watched from the doorway for a minute as he suited up, before disturbing him. “Here. Protein bars. Stick ’em in your pockets.”
“Thanks, doc.” He took them, stuffing them into various places in his clothing.
“I’m not a doctor.”
“Closest thing we got, right?”
“No, that would be Daniel. I’m just a scientist. I never practiced on anybody.”
“Except for injecting people with the Plague.” Zeke grinned. “Like the Swiss Army knife of combat medicine.”
“Funny you should say that. Take this too.” Elise handed him a zippered pouch.
“What is it?”
“Open it.”
“Syringes? See, you’re a doc. What’s in it?”
“Like you said, Eden Plague. From my saliva.”
“But I can just bite anyone I need to.”
“I think this will work faster. Bigger dose. And it might have its uses.”
He opened the pouch, looked at the two preloaded syringes wrapped in padding. “Okay.”
Elise took his hand. “Good luck, Zeke. I’m looking forward to seeing your wife and Ricky and…”
“Millie.”
“Right. “ She smiled crookedly. “Bring them back safe. I’m tired of being the only woman here.”
He hugged her like a father, like a brother. “Thanks, Elise. I will. Take care of DJ.”

***

Zeke and Larry took the Land Rover, Skull and Spooky the Cherokee, a natural division. On the way Zeke and Larry hardly stopped talking, reminiscing about missions and comrades, friends and golf games, women and bars.
The other two drove in relative silence, listening to the radio and making a few comments about the road. They all had their secure radios but kept them in push-to-talk mode.
Eight hours later the pair of SUVs pulled into a truck stop at the outskirts of Fayetteville, North Carolina, just after dark. They sent Spooky in for food.
Zeke opened up a disposable cell phone, activated it, and called a special set of digits. He entered a code and his home number. This process masked the call, routing it through an offshore international service, nearly impossible to trace.
“Hi, Cass, it’s me. How’re the kids?”
“Everything's green here, Mister J.”
Zeke’s blood chilled. “Okay, sweetheart. I’ll be gone for two more weeks.” He rambled on about family concerns couple of minutes before hanging up. Disposing of the phone, he switched his secure radio to voice-activated mode.
“They’re under surveillance. My wife gave me the code for ‘being watched.’ I told her to expect extraction at two a.m.”
“Damn, Sam, you got that girl well trained,” Larry chuckled.
“Actually, she got me trained. I never told you what she did before, did I?”
“Not really. State Department or something?”
“Well, I did meet her at the US Embassy in Moscow. I was there as a military attache. She was deputy station chief.”
“She was Agency?”
“Yup. In the ultimate tradecraft training ground city. She’ll be fine. We just have to make a plan to get them out and break contact. That means we have to locate the surveillance and shut them down.”
Skull chuckled. “Does that mean I’m weapons free now that DJ Do-Right is out of the picture?”
Zeke sighed, exasperated. “Alan, if we kill their people it will raise the stakes tenfold. Right now daddy Jenkins is trying to keep everything hush-hush. Dead Feds, or even contractors, will force him to fess up to his superiors and they’ll come after us like a pack of hounds.”
“Joking, boss, joking.”
“I hope so. If you have to shoot, wound them. One of us will bite them if we have to.”
“Why don’t you do that anyway? Won’t that screw them up? Get them fighting the disease instead of us?”
A long, thoughtful pause. “Interesting idea. Maybe when we get back we should start trying to weaponize this thing. Create a delivery system. Darts or something. See if it can be put in a water supply. So we can make good on our threats.”
“Hmm.”
Spooky returned with the food.
“How do you think they connected you with Markis?” Skull asked Zeke.
“Good intel work. Assemble a database of all his associates. Cross match with things like, ‘Did he treat them in the field?’ ‘Are they at home or out of town?’ Stuff like that.”
“I hate intel pukes,” Skull growled.
“Only when they’re on the other side.”
“I hate them all.”
Zeke exchanged silent looks with Larry. He shrugged.
“Let’s focus on our five-meter targets, shall we? We make a sweep of my neighborhood. Locate the surveillance. Make a plan. Ready?”
Affirmative grunts and sounds.
They drove into Fayetteville. Zeke led them to an unused corner of a large, well lit gas station. “This is our ORP. Make your sweep, maintain commo, meet here.”
The SUVs split up, approaching Zeke’s suburban middle-class home from two different directions. They quartered and searched the blocks, looking for vehicles with the telltale signs of a surveillance team: being parked on the street, not in a driveway; extra antennas; roomy models, like vans or big SUVs; too-black windows; sitting heavy and low on their suspensions; magnetic business logos, the kind that can be slapped on and peeled off easily. There were many clues if one knew what to look for.
It didn’t take long. Skull spotted them first, and called on the tactical net. “I got a cable service truck on your street. Old van, new paint, UHF and satellite antenna, barrier between the driving and cargo compartment. Parked between houses.”
“That’s probably it. No cable technicians working this time of night.”
“Do they ever work?”
“Ha ha. We going in light or heavy?”
“No way to sneak up on them. If you want them deactivated, we have to do it heavy.”
“Understood. Rally now at the ORP.” They met back at the gas station.
Zeke said, “We need a shock truck. Spooky?”
“If we can find it, I can steal it.”
“Okay, spread out, report when we got one.”
It took them twenty-five minutes to locate a suitable truck, a flatbed two-ton. Spooky had it gone in sixty seconds. Skull drove. They talked over their plan of attack on the way.
Zeke and Larry pulled up at the end of the alley that ran behind his house. “In position.”
“Roger. Commencing shock run.”
Skull put the truck into gear, coming around the corner nose-on the surveillance van. At the same time Spooky drove the Cherokee around the opposite corner, slowly, focusing the watchers’ attention on him as they looked out the back window.
The shock truck was going forty when its heavy steel bumper smashed into the nose of the van. Impact drove the vehicle several car-lengths down the street, coming to rest on its side.
Spooky pulled up in the Cherokee. He and Skull jumped out of their vehicles, charging the van. Through the shattered back window they could see broken electronics and camera equipment, and two men lying amid the wreckage, moving weakly. The shock had jumbled them like mice in a paint shaker, and the smell of leaking gasoline wafted through the mess.
Spooky stepped through the opening and pistol-whipped each in turn, ensuring unconsciousness. Then he pulled out the syringe Zeke had given him and pumped half of the contents into each. “Get them out, Skull.”
“We should let ’em burn,” he grumbled, reaching in to drag the men out with Spooky’s help, tossing them roughly onto the closest suburban lawn. He keyed his mike. “Van and team out of commission and infected. We’re extracting; people are already coming out of their houses.” Skull popped a smoke grenade and tossed it into the van. The flaming smoke mix soon ignited the dripping gasoline and the vehicle caught fire with a whoosh. By that time they were around the block and heading toward the ORP.
Zeke and Larry had already pulled through the alley up to his house’s back gate, blasting twice on the horn. Zeke exited, fastening the barrier out of the way, and then bolted inside. A moment later he ran out, carrying a skeletal boy wrapped in a blanket. Larry held the door open. Right behind him followed an athletic woman of about forty and a girl of eight.
“Hi, Cass. Hi, Millie,” Larry rumbled.
“Hi, Mister Larry!” piped the girl.
Cassandra nodded to Larry, handing him a suitcase.
Headlights appeared and the roaring of an engine sounded at the end of the alley, accelerated toward them. Cass shoved Millie into the Land Rover, while Larry reached for his shotgun under the seat.
Muzzle flashes sparkled from both sides of the oncoming vehicle, and Larry’s twelve-gauge roared over and over. Zeke hunched over Ricky, shielding him with his body, while Cassandra drew a pistol from the small of her back, taking cover behind the door to return a rapid hail of bullets.
The headlights wobbled, then skewed leftward as the oncoming vehicle bucked and rolled down the alley with a grinding crash of metal. Cassandra reloaded while Larry ran at the smoking wreck of a Suburban. He looked inside, seeing two men unconscious. He reached in, taking their guns and tossing them into a nearby garbage can, then knelt down among the wreckage.
“I can’t believe I’m doing this,” he said aloud to himself, then bit them each in turn. “Feel like a freakin’ vampire.” He returned to the Land Rover.
Larry was almost there when he heard an anguished sob, choked off, then a high keening. He leaped forward, shotgun searching for a target, but there wasn’t anything to shoot.
Cassandra knelt over Zeke, who lay stretched out on the ground. Millie stood there wailing, her small hands tangled in her hair, pulling. Larry pushed her gently aside, confident the Eden Plague would make it all right.
Not this time.
Zeke’s eyes stared sightless at the glowing suburban sky. Blood and brains leaked from the hole in his head. Cassandra stroked his face, crooning, “No, no, no…”
Larry cursed, a string of bitter vulgarities. “Come on, Cass, he’s gone. He’s gone. More might be on the way, we have to get going, we have to break contact.”
Cassandra growled with frustration, muttering under her breath, “Son of a bitch, son of a bitch, son of a bitch! Help me get him in. We’re not leaving him.”
Together they rolled Zeke in a blanket, then manhandled his body into the back of the SUV. Larry drove them away from the scene as rapidly as he could without attracting attention.
“What was that?” asked Spooky over the radio.
“They got Zeke. Lucky head shot. He’s gone,” Larry answered miserably.
Silence. Then, “Shit.”
“Meet at the ORP. We still have to get Zeke’s mom.”
“What?” asked Cassandra. “Why? She’s in a facility. What can we do?” Her face was a frozen mask of iron control.
“Because we can cure her Alzheimer’s, we think. It’s a new thing. But if we cure her we have to take her with us because if they find out we did, they will turn her into a guinea pig in a lab somewhere.”
Cassandra digested this as they met at the ORP. “All right, I’ll tell you where to go. Do you think they’ll be watching her?”
“We have to hope not. They can’t be everywhere.”
Twenty minutes later they pulled into a complex labeled “Green Pastures Managed Care Home.” They took her out the back way in a wheelchair, dodging a sleepy staff, and got her into the vehicle.
The return trip to the bunker was a smooth surreal nightmare. Ten bags of truck stop ice packed Zeke’s body in the back of the Cherokee. Larry drove the Land Rover, silent, bleak. Zeke’s mother Beulah sat buckled into the front seat, humming softly to herself for a while before falling asleep. Cassandra sobbed from time to time, an arm around each of her children in the back seat. Millie slept most of the way, which was a relief; it wasn’t real to her.
About two hours out, Ricky spoke up. “I’m hungry, mama.” He reached up to grasp her arm.
“Ricky!” She took his hand in hers, feeling the strength of his grip.
“Mama, I’m hungry. I’m really hungry.”
“Cass,” Larry said. “Cass, he has to eat. It’s really important. Here.” He rummaged in a cooler between the seats. “Have him drink this protein shake.”
“That’s not for kids!”
Ricky started to cry, clutching his stomach. “Unnhh.”
“Please, Cass, trust me! It’s what he needs. Zeke must have given him the cure before he…before he got hit. It burns energy and food.”
Cassandra made her decision to trust Larry, grabbing the can and opening it with the flip-top. She put it to Ricky’s lips.
He grabbed the can with both hands and guzzled it down.
“His hands are strong! That’s amazing; just yesterday he would never have been able to pick up that can!”
“I know,” Larry said. “It’s a miracle, a God-blessed miracle. I’m so sorry about Zeke. But this stuff…it’s gonna fix Ricky and it’s gonna fix Beulah and a lot more people in the world. We’ve got this place in the hills, you’ll see it soon…” He went on explaining, bringing her up to date on what had happened.
She listened with half an ear and half her mind, lost in the wonder of her son’s recovery.



-19-

Elise and Daniel met them hand in hand at the cavern with all the vehicles, what they called the Motor Pool. Daniel knew there was something seriously wrong when he saw the expressions on their faces as the two men in the Cherokee got out.
“Weren’t you guys supposed to take off?” Daniel saw the Land Rover but didn’t see Zeke. By the time he had looked around, the others had opened the back of the SUV and hefted his body onto the cold cavern floor.
Daniel stared at it in shock. At them. “How?” Elise clutched his hand, her eyes pouring tears.
“Unlucky shot. They had four guys on the house. We only spotted two. The other two must have been a reaction force. They opened fire on us and we took them out. But Zeke…” Skull waved vaguely, a helpless thing. More emotion showed on his face then, than Daniel had ever seen before: grief, anger, bitterness.
Daniel wanted to make some kind of gesture to Skull. If it had been Larry, he might have hugged him. He settled for putting a hand on the bald man’s shoulder. “Thanks for bringing him back.”
Skull shrugged Daniel’s hand off, turning away. Daniel could smell his barely buried rage. Maybe that was a good thing; maybe rage meant he wasn’t sociopathic, just…angry.
They took Zeke’s body and put it on ice in the bunker’s morgue. The scientists wanted to make sure they had the cadaver to study later. That was what Zeke would have wanted, they claimed. Daniel got the family settled into quarters. Elise stayed with them, and even though they’d only just met, the two women clung to each other in sisterly comfort. The children seemed to accept her naturally as a second mother, or at least an older sister. Eventually they all slept.
Daniel’s sleep was troubled with images of death and horror, of bodies lying asleep and he couldn’t wake them. He woke in the middle of the night, thinking, it wasn’t supposed to happen this way! 
But he knew everyone died eventually.
The next morning brought some relief. When Daniel got to breakfast he found Ricky shoveling canned ham and eggs into his mouth, with Cassie and Millie and Elise at the table with him, eating more sedately. He got a plate of breakfast and sat down with them. He spoke to the boy. “How you doing, sport? You remember me?”
Ricky shook his head.
“That’s all right, it was five years back or so.” He looked at Cassandra. “Sorry to be such a stranger. And I’m sorry to have brought this on you and your family. If I’d have known…”
“None of us can know, DJ. We’re in God’s hands.”
That made Elise angry, though not as angry as she might have been before the Plague. “How can you believe that? With all this crap going on, how can you believe God cares?”
Cassandra turned to the other woman. “Maybe because I think things would be a lot worse if He didn’t.”
“Then why doesn’t he clean the world up? Why just keep things not too bad and not too good?”
“Maybe He expects us to do our part. Make our own mistakes. Take responsibility. Maybe He doesn’t want to be our nanny. And maybe He works through people – people who make things like the Eden Plague.”
Daniel held up a placating hand. “Please, let’s not have my two favorite women in the world fighting.”
“We’re not fighting, we’re arguing.” Elise looked petulant, irritated.
“Either way. We’re all friends here, and we’re under a lot of stress.”
Cassandra reached across the table to put her hand on Elise’s arm with earnest, tear-filled eyes. “My heart aches for Zeke, but he died doing what he wanted to. Protecting people. Saving people. Saving us. He passed this Eden thing on to Ricky and saved his life. We treated Beulah and she recognized me this morning! We have to hold on to the good he did. And this Eden Plague is so amazing! This whole thing. It will change the world. He was willing to die for that.”
Daniel said, “Yeah. But will it change the world for the better? It could be a wrecking ball.” He exchanged glances with Elise. Then Spooky caught his eye from across the room.
“Excuse me a minute.” Daniel walked over to the Vietnamese man.
Spooky said, “We go now. Skull and me. Better that way. You want to reach me, you talk to Van Vinh.”
“What about…what about Skull?”
“I don’t know. He love Zeke. He very angry. Maybe he stir up the hornets. What can we do? No man can live in another’s heart.”
Daniel licked his lips. “You still have some Eden Plague in that other syringe?”
“Yes.”
Daniel stared at him, willing him to understand.
Spooky’s eyes widened fractionally. He nodded, slowly. “Only if I must.”
“It’s better than killing him. At least then he has a chance to change. Maybe the Eden Plague will help him heal some of his pain.”
“But you say with the Psycho, they maybe turn very evil.”
“That’s just a guess. We have no evidence or proof of how any of this works. I just know we have to give him a chance. What you do is on your own conscience.”
He looked at Daniel’s face for a few more seconds, searching. For what, Daniel didn’t know; certainty perhaps, but he wouldn’t find it. Spooky swallowed, then bowed, formally. “Goodbye, Daniel Markis. I think you are the Colonel Zeke now.”
Daniel bowed to him in return, shaken. Master sergeants don’t become colonels overnight. He guessed now he had no choice. He sure didn’t feel ready. Pushing the thought aside he watched Spooky walk down toward the motor pool.
Good luck, Spooky.

***

A week of being buried alive here in Sosthenes made Daniel realize the idea about quarantining himself wasn’t going to work. Physically he was not limited; it was the oppression of the mountain above him, the damp cold air anywhere not heated by machinery, and the lack of open spaces that was getting to him.
He drove himself hard, to keep the oppression and the black thoughts of Zeke’s fate away. He spent as much time with Elise as he could spare, and with Millie and Cassie and Ricky, trying to make up for the Zeke-shaped hole in their lives.
Cassie bore up well, and she quickly established herself as the master of their intel field work, what is called tradecraft by those in the business. She spent long hours with Vinh, who ate up the knowledge and reveled in his job as gopher, supply specialist and intelligence operative. She soon had him taking trucks to various towns and cities, never the same place twice, selling currency and coins to private collectors and shops and jewelers, buying loads of electronics, spare parts, cabling, fresh food, everything that the bunker needed.
Vinny and Daniel set up satellite and microwave dishes and other antennas on the mountaintop under cover of the trees, and some extra radar-scattering netting strategically placed to mask any overhead surveillance. The bunker entrance nearby was one of a dozen or so that led to various points on the mountain, providing access or escape for people on foot. By midweek everyone was taking sunlight breaks at least once a day at the nearest hatchway.
They also got all the internal telephones working, at each entrance and in all of the main rooms and offices. The phones weren’t connected to the outside world but were still useful for their work.
By the end of the week the lab equipment started arriving. Daniel risked going outside driving one of two trucks, following Vinh to pick up several large crates in Richmond. It was a great relief just to be up in the sunlight and out in the open, bouncing along the country roads down to the freeway feeders to the Virginia capital and back. He thought if he could do that once a week he might be all right.
Larry had taken off on his own the day after Zeke died, heading back to Atlanta. That gave Cassie enough time to set up a rudimentary anonymous webmail system with him, using free accounts for communication. As long as everyone stayed away from certain keywords like ‘Eden’ or ‘Plague’ or ‘Markis,’ everything should be fine. Computers might be able to look at every e-mail in America, but people couldn’t: they could only see what the software flagged. That was how to stay below the radar of the creeping Big Brother that America’s government had become since 9-11.
They decided to keep to a more or less similar week to the outside world, work five or six days but for sure take Sunday off. Everyone was pushing too hard. So it was on a Sunday afternoon right after the barbecue outside their best hatch that Daniel found Elise.
She had been sitting against the mountainside a couple of hundred yards up on a granite ledge. He remembered she liked it there. She gave a little wave when she saw him hiking up, but he didn’t smile.
“Elise…I need to talk to you,” he said awkwardly.
“I know. I mean, okay. Let’s talk.”
He took a deep breath, then sat down beside her, not touching. Staring out into space. “I need to know something first.”
“Sure.” She didn’t sound sure, even to herself.
“Can the EP be fixed? Really? Can the conscience-enhancing portion be overcome?”
Elise did a kind of double take, as if he had asked her a completely unexpected question. She thought about the question for a minute. “Not easily. Not soon. It repairs cells. It repairs a lot of things. It balances processes. If you told it not to repair brain cells or processes – theoretically, I mean – then it wouldn’t repair nerve cells either. That would preclude a lot of other injuries getting fixed. But it’s more than just brain cells or neurons or axons or whatever. It’s the regulation of hormones and a thousand delicate neurological processes. The fact this thing works at all is a miracle, testimony to the creators’ work. They did amazing things with primitive technology.”
Daniel nodded. “If the Russians really did it. I’m still wondering about extraterrestrial influence.” He let a long breath out. “So the virtue effect is intrinsic. Impossible to separate from the advantages. That’s good, I think.”
Elise replied, “I’m not so sure it’s good, if we can’t defend ourselves. I think this imperfect Eden Plague will push some people into being puritans and pacifists and Pharisees. It’s falling off the horse the opposite way. You feel it yourself, don’t you? You risked lives back there on the island because you used nonlethal ammo, when one shot to the brain would have put Karl down for good. But you couldn’t do it. Is that good or bad? What’s the lesser of the evils?”
Daniel replied, “I don’t know. I’m glad I didn’t have to kill him, and I’m glad he didn’t kill anyone else. I don’t have any easy answers. We have to operate within the parameters we have right now. Maybe later you can tweak the virus to keep the reluctance-to-kill virtue without making it a vice.”
She shrugged. “Maybe.”
Daniel rubbed his eyes, thinking. “Okay, then what about the hunger? The food needs? The excessive fertility?”
Elise let out a breath, as if she had been holding it. “That can be improved a lot easier, I think. Just time and money and research.”
Daniel nodded, thinking. They sat back against the granite, watching the puffy clouds, feeling the breeze through their jackets, smelling the sweet pine. He opened up a bag of trail mix and M&Ms, what backpackers called “gorp,” and set it on the rock between their thighs. A handful went into his mouth with a practiced flick. He took a deep breath. “Elise…” his voice trailed off.
“Yes. Go on, it’s okay.” Her tone was gentle.
“Elise,” he started again, “I care for you. I could call it something else but maybe it’s too soon. I think you care for me. But I think I’m in charge of this whole thing now and I need to think about bigger issues than just the two of us. That means I need to…to put aside at least that much turmoil. Oh, I’m not saying this very well, I’m making it sound like it’s a coldblooded decision.” He turned to her, to look in her eyes. “I just mean –”
She reached for him then, her lips for his. Relief flooded through Daniel’s body, relief that she had not rejected him. The kiss was magical, electric. He felt connected to her in a physical way, like a joining of their nervous systems, as if in that moment he could reach out his hands to her body right there on that breezy chilly mountainside, and it would be wonderful. But something stopped him, the thing that had begun to get in the way between them. A desire to do things better. To not screw this up the way he had screwed up his other relationships. He hadn’t given the two of them nearly as much thought as he had about the world-shaking implications of the Plague, and he felt embarrassed to have put her in second place. But dammit, wasn’t all of mankind more important than any two people? He gently broke the embrace, still holding her head in his hands. “Elise, we need to –”
“Shut up, Dan, and take me here,” she whispered huskily. “Right here and now. I can’t think of a more glorious place.”
He groaned, eyes squeezed together. “Elise, I want you too, so much. But I want to do it right.”
“Oh, we’re going to do it right all right.” She stared at him wide-eyed when he only chuckled, pained. “Okay. Do what?”
“You know. I mean…if we’re in love…if we love each other…”
“I do love you,” she said.
“I know. I mean, I mean, we should…make a commitment. Make it official.”
Elise sat back, obviously stunned. “You mean like, uh, married? Sure, I assumed we would, eventually. But a moment like this only comes along once in a while. Let’s take it while we can.” She reached for him again.
He held her gently away. “Elise, I…I…I made a promise. To be a better person. I keep my promises. And I mean, I’m not a real religious guy or anything but I just think…I want to be married to you before we…you know.” His voice dropped to a miserable whisper. “So maybe I won’t screw it up this time.”
She reached up to take his hand in both of hers. “I can’t argue with your enhanced conscience now, can I?”
“Don’t put this on the Eden Plague! That would mean it’s not really me. But after my divorce and all those AA meetings…I promised my Higher Power I’d do everything right with the next woman in my life. I screwed up so many times.” His face begged her to understand.
She shook his hand between hers. “Well, I have to admire and respect you for sticking to your beliefs and promises, even if they’re not mine.” Her eyes crossed slightly as she thought it through, thought of a way around Daniel’s dilemma. “There won’t be any official marriage certificates or anything like that, right? We’re off the grid. So a marriage is just our commitment to each other.”
“It’s a commitment in front of witnesses.”
She sat back in defeat. “Damn you, I was going to construct a nice little argument for saying our vows right here and now and then doing it like bunnies.”
Daniel laughed, a great belly laugh of relief that lasted a long time, leaving his eyes and nose running. “I love you too, you know.” He reached for her embrace and they basked in the shared warmth of their bodies.
“Okay, mister goody-two-shoes. Let’s go get married. Today.” She leapt to her feet, pulling him with her down the trail.
They tried. It turned out that the rest wouldn’t let them. After the girlish shrieking from Cass and Millie, the backslapping from the men, and confused looks from Ricky, everyone made them wait until the next day. But Daniel and Elise insisted on having the wedding outdoors in the sunlight.
They enjoyed the short, moving ceremony.
After “You May Kiss The Bride” Elise whispered in Daniel’s ear, “Now let’s go up to our ledge and do it like bunnies.”



-20-

It was days later, after bouts of dreamy pleasure and sessions of hard work for the both of them, that they finally made time for the conversation they had been trying to have before. Daniel dragged Elise back up to their ledge with a picnic dinner and sleeping bags as twilight fell. She took his licentious look with good cheer and eagerness. But once they’d gotten there and set out the food, he said, “I need to talk to you about something.”
She looked worried for a moment, then sat back, picking up an apple and taking a crunchy bite. Her freckles danced as her strong jaw worked. “Uh-oh. When the man says that it’s always bad,” she teased, knowing full well it was usually the other way around.
He pushed aside the distraction of her simple natural beauty and plowed on. “Remember what we were talking about here before? When we had the conversation?”
“About doing it like bunnies?” He laughed. “Okay, yes. About the Eden Plague and fixing it?” she asked.
“Yes. I’ve decided something. I’m sorry if it sounds like I left you out of the decision, I don’t mean to,” he put on his most determined expression, “but I really believe it’s the right thing to do.”
“Do what?”
He licked his lips. “To start the Plague going. As soon as we can.”
She sat back, still chewing apple, crossing her eyes slightly as she always did when thinking deeply. She ate the whole fruit, including the core, except that little stem they always leave on to ensure everyone knows it’s really from a tree. Daniel sat and let her think.
Eventually she responded. “You know, if we had a few months, we could probably make it airborne. Graft in some highly infectious influenza. One good thing is, it appears the virus is designed to survive in all sorts of media – blood, saliva, salt water, even chlorinated water doesn’t faze it. And once it’s ingested, it’s very infectious. Kind of like Ebola.”
“That’s good news. You know, they’re going to be watching for people pulling research off the web.”
“I’ll work with Vinny and Cass to make sure we don’t get traced.”
“So…you agree with my plan?”
“Sounds more like a goal than a plan, but yes…I always did.” She smiled reassuringly.
“Even if it causes chaos.” His tone of voice made it a statement, not a question.
She sighed. “Yes. Horrible as it might be, it will make a better world.”
He felt a twisting in his gut. Where have I heard that phrase ‘A Better World’ before? “I bet Oppenheimer said the same thing.”
“Wasn’t he right? After Japan, has there been another use of atomic weapons?” Her gaze was intense.
“No. But a couple weeks ago you were arguing that assassinating enemy scientists was wrong,” he said.
“I didn’t say I had it all figured out. I don’t think there are real parallels anyway. This isn’t a weapon. It’s just goodness that this evil world won’t be able to cope with.”
“But it won’t be just those who accept it that get cured. If you make it contagious, it will be indiscriminate.” Daniel looked at her for approval.
“Good. The faster the better.”
“I think so too. But let me play devil’s advocate for a minute. Aren’t we making that decision for all people? Shouldn’t they decide for themselves? And what if five years down the line we all turn into aliens or zombies or something? What if it does something completely unexpected and wipes out the human race?”
“Come on, Daniel,” she said with exasperation. “I thought you were the risk-taker and adventurer.”
“I’m also the one who took the Hippocratic Oath. First, do no harm. I’m not sure I’m not violating it.”
She shook her head. “If you do surgery, you have to cut. You have to harm to save. But…whatever you decide, I’m with you. I’m your life partner.”
“You’re my wife.”
“Okay mister old-fashioned, yes I’m your wife and you’re my husband. But if I disagree I’m going to let you know. So now you have my views. Let’s practice making the next generation of Markises. Less talk, more do.” She reached for him with abandon.

***

The next day Daniel called a council of war. He termed it “war,” not because they were going to make war on anyone, but because he thought it likely enough their actions would start one.
Against them.
He prepared to explain it all the best he could in the conference room, with computer-projected slides and diagrams. Military briefing habits die hard.
Larry was back, with a whole group of his family members. Daniel wasn’t sure what he had told them but there were about twenty of them, and they were not invited to the council. They were too new and he wasn’t going to risk some kind of schism or budding political dispute in their little community.
He’d made sure that Spooky and Skull got invited back as well. Spooky came, but Skull didn’t. Daniel couldn’t worry about that.
Spooky had brought several family members with him after all: the old, and the sick. They were immediately injected with the Eden virus, and started getting better right away.
Daniel was glad they weren’t among those southeast-Asians who didn’t believe in medical intervention. He remembered a big lawsuit in California some years back, with the doctors trying to force a Hmong family to allow their son, crippled from birth, to be operated on. The family won, and the boy stayed crippled. There were eerie parallels with the present situation.
So it was a small group that sat down to decide the fate of mankind: the scientists Elise, Arthur and Roger; Larry, the Nguyens, Cassie and Daniel.
Daniel opened with, “Good something-time, everyone. What, it’s afternoon? Hard to remember in here.” That got a courteous laugh. “I called you here to tell you about some plans I have.”
Everyone sat up a bit straighter, eyes fixed on him.
“I’ve sounded everyone here out so I think we’re all in agreement, but I want to be sure. We’ve got a couple of dozen new people and we need to keep friction to a minimum. That means we need to have a formal structure, for now.
“Spooky said a while back that I should be the new Colonel Zeke. But I don’t feel right about that. I propose this to start: we’re now the Sosthenes Bunker Council. One year from now – and you can tell people this – we can have elections to choose new Councilmen and Councilwomen. I will be the Chairman until then, unless anyone objects or wants to be it?” He looked everyone in the eye one after another. It was obvious he wanted them all to be on board for this critical first period, because he had to be autocratic to get anything done.
“Okay then. If anyone asks, that’s my title. Chairman. Like a town council, not like Mao.” Daniel laughed, then put on his most earnest expression. “But here’s a serious subject. Very serious. We’ve just been drifting from crisis to crisis, doing what has to be done, but ignoring the main issues. So here’s the first one, and the biggest.”
He swept the room with his eyes. “I think we need to spread the Plague. Come what may.”
A babble broke out, then calmed down after a minute. Daniel held up his hand for quiet.
“Most of what I just heard was, ‘why now?’ I’ll tell you why. First, Jenkins isn’t going to forget I killed his son. He will hunt us down.”
“So why not just turn yourself in?” asked Roger.
Daniel smiled at his brazen lack of couth, and waved back the glares directed toward the man. “It’s a fair question. The main answer is, that won’t stop them. Yes, he blames me personally, but he also can’t lose control of the power of the Eden Plague, so he will be do everything he can to find us before turning it over to his superiors and being cut out. So that’s the second thing. They will be researching. Jenkins will figure a way to pour resources into labs and scientists and within a year or two will probably be ahead of us. If he figures out how to inoculate against it, or how to get rid of the virtue effect, we lose all our leverage.”
Elise cried, “But then we won’t be a threat to him!”
Daniel shook his head. “Honey, we’ll always be a threat. We’re an uncontrolled power bloc with the potential to destabilize the world. And that leads to the third thing. They will find this place eventually. Despite all we can do, unless we seal up completely and never leave, something will happen. They will locate us, and they will come and disappear us. We have to move soon. We have to blow it open so wide it can’t be suppressed.”
“So why not just put it out to the media?” Vinny asked. “I can make it go viral worldwide.”
“Without proof, that won’t mean a thing. It will just alert Jenkins to our plans. We will go to the media, but only after we have acted.”
“You are starting to sound like a terrorist, DJ,” Larry said with a smile, but Daniel could tell he was uneasy.
“Terrorists bring death and destruction as a way to get what they want,” Daniel disagreed. “I am proposing we bring life to millions – billions – of people. Call it insurgency, or a freedom fight. I don’t think there’s ever been anything quite like this before, but the closest I can think of is a war for independence. Spreading freedom and liberty, even though it upsets the established order.”
“So now we’re revolutionaries?” Larry said.
Daniel nodded, undeterred. “We have to be. I have thought long and hard about this and I am willing to accept that responsibility. I can’t let the fear I am making a horrible mistake deter me from doing what I think is right. ‘That Others May Live’ has been my code my whole adult life. I know there will be unintended consequences. Like any vaccination, the Eden Plague will save a lot more lives than it loses.”
Silence prevailed for a time as everyone thought about what he had said.
“So how are we going to do it?” Roger asked, always the scientist.
Daniel held up a hand. “First, we have to agree to do it at all. To impose a solution on the world. To spread the Eden Plague against their will. Sure, a lot of sick people will welcome it. But a lot of people will get it without a choice – from us spreading it deliberately. From birth, even, as soon as pregnant carriers start having babies.” He looked over at Elise and smiled. “So I’m going to leave this room right now. I’ll be at the nearest hatch, enjoying the breeze. I’ll come back in at sundown or when someone calls for me. But you all have to talk it out and reach a consensus, without me to impose it. Because it might be the most important decision ever made.”
Daniel turned on his heel and left the conference room, hearing the voices rising as soon as the door shut. He walked with a measured, fatalistic tread toward the nearest opening on the mountainside.
Daniel knew he should have just pushed it through. That’s what a military leader would have done. But this wasn’t a military operation anymore. He was leading a bunch of civilians, and they had to make their own decisions. Besides, Daniel thought there were enough in there that agreed with him to sway the rest. If not…he’d figure something out.
Jogging up flights of steps just to burn off energy, once he got to the hatch he opened it and sat down on a nearby log, within easy hearing distance of the telephone in the box just inside. He stared out over the low hazy West Virginia mountains, smelling the pine in the air, hearing the rustle of leaves in the breeze, wondering about the future.
It was less than a half hour before the phone rang. He took that as a good sign.
The conference room was silent as Daniel reentered. He sat down in the empty chair at the head of the table, and deliberately did not look at Elise. He didn’t want people thinking he was politicking with his wife.
Spooky cleared his throat. “Mister Chairman,” he said softly, “I believe we are of accord together. We are willing to bear responsibility with you. We will spread the Plague.”
Daniel released the breath he’d been holding and smiled. Spontaneous applause broke out, a relaxation of their nervous tension. He took the breath back in, deeply. Now for the first test of their resolve and unity. “All right, that’s talking the talk. Can we all walk the walk?”
“Meaning what?” asked Vinny.
“Meaning…we have to infect everyone here to start.” Daniel reached over to a side table where a small bag rested, unnoticed until now. Pulling out a cloth, he unrolled it to reveal five small syringes.
He didn’t think they expected him to throw it in their faces like that – to take concrete action after an abstract decision. But as it slowly sank in, he could see the acceptance form on every face, most especially those who were not yet infected: Spooky, Vinny, Cassandra, Roger and Arthur.
Cassandra spoke first. “I’m in. I’m fine with it. I’ve seen what it can do. Shoot me up, doc.” She rolled up her sleeve.
Daniel took the first needle and walked over to her. Looking in her eyes for a moment and seeing no uncertainty, he plunged it in. She smiled, a little strained, but determined.
The rest rolled up their sleeves as well, and he got it done as quickly as he could, before anyone got cold feet. “Everyone’s seen the effects. Be prepared for the appetite. We have no shortage of food. Just eat what you feel like. And keep an eye on each other, in case of anything strange. But now that that’s done, we have to give it to everyone else in the bunker.”
“What, against their will?”
Daniel stared at Vinny, who had spoken. “We’re talking about doing it to the whole planet. If we can’t do it to our own people, our own families, how can we justify doing it to everyone else in the world?”
There came another exchange of shocked glances. It was all becoming real to them, and fast. He’d had days and days to think it over and settle it in his mind, but they were getting steamrolled in real time. He had to do it this way, though, or the consensus might collapse.
“So what I propose doing, and you will need to ratify, is this. We start putting it in the drinks at our meals, and keep doing it until everyone is in. Nobody gets to opt out.” Daniel could tell some were very uncomfortable with this idea. The values of individual liberty and self-determination ran deep in American culture. He stamped on his own misgivings and forced the issue. “So that’s my first formal motion. I move the Bunker Council approve infecting everyone here, without their express permission.”
There was a pause. Then, “Seconded,” from Spooky. He shot a look at Vinh.
“All right, motion is on the floor. All in favor say ‘aye.’”
Ayes rang out, some tentative, but clear.
“Opposed?” Daniel waited for Vinny to object, but he didn’t. “All right, that’s settled. Now, here’s my first bureaucratic act as Chairman – watch this presentation.”
Turning on the computer screen, he laid it out for them then, in graphics and charts and pictures, how he proposed to plague the world. Coming to the conclusion, he looked around again, his hands clenched behind his back. “So now you’ve seen my plan, in outline. Everyone will get a chance to weigh in on the methods, on the how. But for the basic goals, I need to hear all inputs now, and I need everyone behind me one hundred percent on this.”
They talked and wrangled well into the evening, breaking for a meal and coming back, until they had worked through all the misgivings and everyone raised his or her hand and said, “Aye” again.
After that it was just details.



-21-

The Council spent the next week keeping peace and soothing hurt feelings as the Eden Plague took hold. The virtue effect made it simpler, and Daniel had counted on it. Better-balanced brains and more stable minds made it easier to accept the insult of their own destinies being hijacked for the greater good. Still, once everyone was confident they wouldn’t turn into zombies or pod people, their little community settled down remarkably well.
One afternoon Daniel looked in on the scientists, who had turned their efforts away from research, toward simply breeding as much virus as they could and making doses. They had enlisted the whole community, and there was a group of people in a big room next to the lab chattering away like a knitting circle. Except in this case instead of needles and yarn, they had hundreds of containers and were filling them with virus solution. Plastic water and soda bottles dominated. A few filled syringes – from small ones, to large and heavy with enormous needles, as if they were to inject horses. Part of the plan.
Elise came over when she spotted Daniel. “It’s a good thing the virus is hardy. Not like HIV, for example, which dies after a few hours in the air. This stuff is more like influenza. I sure wish we had time to make it airborne.” She looked accusingly at him.
“Sorry. We all agreed we couldn’t risk taking the time.”
“I know. We’re doing the best with what we have. At least it looks like simply ingesting a little bit is highly effective. Although injections use less.” She ran her hands through her hair.
“Yes, all but two people acquired it the first time around in the drinks, and those two got it the next time.”
“With a higher dose. We’re going to have to accept the fact that it’s not one hundred percent.”
“Anything over fifty and I’ll be happy.” Daniel kissed her, a little longer and harder than was usual, and then moved on to “manage by walking around.” He checked up on Larry, Spooky and Vinny’s work on the Bunker. They and some of the other men were laboring away with the heavy equipment, digging a new tunnel, covering everything with rock dust. This was also part of the plan. Then Daniel tracked down Cassie. He found her working with her kids and a few of the Nguyen and Nightingale kids that had come in, an impromptu school. The room smelled like old-fashioned paste and new magic markers.
“Hey, Cassie.”
“You know you’re the only one who calls me that.”
“I like to be different. What do other people call you?”
“Cassandra, or Cass.”
“You wouldn’t look good in a mumu.”
“I’m not going to admit to being old enough to get that reference. Call me whatever you want.” She raised her voice. “Class, take a ten-minute recess.”
The kids bolted out the door.
“Okay, what is it?”
“I need your tradecraft. I want to go get my dad.”
She cocked her head. “Okay…you know they’ll be watching him. He’s your only living relative.”
Daniel sighed. “I know. Vinny did as much recon as he could via the web; it looks like they haven’t picked him up or anything.”
“He’s bait.”
“Yup.”
“Probably got everything wired and tapped.”
“Yup.”
“And you want me to figure out how to bring him in.”
“Yup.”
“Okay…well, I’m a bit out of practice but I think I can do it.” She smiled, a white shiny thing in her cherry-cheeked face. “By the way, I hate you.”
His eyes widened and he snorted. “Really? Why?”
“That damn Eden virus. Larry’s uncle Leroy is starting to look good to me.”
He laughed. “Well, he is a good-looking man for sixty.”
“He’s a good looking man for forty-five, which is about how old he seems now. And he’s been looking at me too. Do you think it’s too soon…” She put a finger in her mouth to bite the nail, a most un-Cassie-like thing.
He reached out to hug her. “Only you can decide that. Nobody here will hold it against you. This thing is making a whole new world, a whole new human biology.” He patted her, then let go to hold her at arms’ length. “What would Zeke have wanted?”
“Oh, I know. He was always so damn cheerful and understanding. Not my idea of a Green Beret when we met.”
“I’m sure you weren’t his idea of a CIA spymaster. So you have my blessing, whatever you do. Just remember, nine months later…” He let go of her, miming a big belly.
“Oh, God, that’s right. Well…I have pills, that may delay things.”
“Or the Plague may just laugh and run roughshod over your pills.”
“Okay, you’ve freaked me out enough. What about your father?”
“I don’t know. You’re the spy. Do some spy stuff. Make a plan of action for me to carry out.” Daniel pointed at little faces peeking in the door. “Your ten minutes is up. Come see me when you got something, hopefully in a day or two.” On his way out he waved to the children, who chorused, “Bye, Mister Daniel!”
Kids can adapt to anything.
***

Spooky and Daniel sat in the old beat-up pickup truck they had bought for cash that morning, no questions asked. They had put up reflective sun shades in the windshield and door windows, and they watched through the gaps around the edges. Parked in the lot of David Markis’ Veterans of Foreign Wars hall, their vehicle blended right in. As the sun went down the old men and women started arriving. Some younger ones too, from the latest wars, but the VFW was a slowly dying institution, held together by camaraderie and cheap drinks under club rules. The marquee out front said “Bingo Tonight,” and Daniel knew his dad never missed it.
“There he is,” he said as he watched his father get out of his Chrysler. David Markis looked pretty good for sixty-plus, still slim and spry, so different from Daniel’s more muscular physique.
“And there they are,” answered Spooky, as a dark late model heavy sedan drove slowly past his parking spot, then backed into another.
“No imagination. I can smell the Big Brother on them from here.”
“You think they Feds or still contractors?”
“With that car? Contractors would have had more imagination. You know what that means, right?
“It mean Mister Jenkins spread the word. Not just INS, Inc. anymore.”
“Right you are, though I doubt he’s spilled his guts completely. So. You got them?”
“Easy as pie, Chairman DJ. You think there is more than two?”
“Yeah, but these are the closest ones. Hopefully we will be gone before the farther ones notice. Do your stuff now. I’ll go in the back and get Dad.”
Spooky slipped out of the truck to work his way around the parking lot, low to the ground. In the fading light he might as well have been invisible. Daniel pulled his trucker’s cap low over his eyes and headed for the back door to the hall.
Inside, the sounds of music, the beeps of game machines, and the murmur of conversation surrounded him. He smelled cigarettes and beer and wine and harder stuff, as the barmaids poured drinks for the members from their own marked bottles. That was how they avoided controls and taxation – brought in your own bottle then paid the organization to mix and serve your drinks. Club rules.
Daniel stood at the inside end of the short hallway opening into the main room. It was Friday night, and the bingo was just setting up. There were a few card games going on the side, and a short line of eager players in front of the registration table. His dad stood in it.
Daniel swallowed a lump. It was good to see him. It had been too long.
He intercepted the older man as soon as he had gotten his bingo cards, steering him toward the hallway leading back out the rear door. “Hey, what?” David said, jerking away before Daniel lifted his hat to show his face. He put a finger to his lips before his father could cry out.
Daniel whispered in his ear, “Great to see you, Dad, but we got a situation. You’re being watched, because they want to find me. You got to didi-mao with me now. Give me your cell phone.”
The elder Markis stared at his son a moment, wheels turning behind his eyes, then reached into a pocket and handed him the phone. Daniel pulled him into the men’s room, dropping the phone into the tank of one of the old toilets. He mimed getting undressed, opening up the paper bag he carried and taking out a set of cheap sweats and a pair of sneakers. His dad changed silently, eyes questioning. Daniel shrugged, held his fingers up to his lips, then his ear. His father nodded.
Daniel picked up his father’s wallet, ran a bug-finder over it with negative results, then put it in his pocket. Everything else of his dad’s except his handgun and ammo went into a plastic bag. They slipped out the back, and tossed the bag into a pickup truck bed chosen at random. Follow that, Jenkins.
They got into their own pickup truck and pulled out the sun screens, pushing them behind the seats. “Damn, son, you’re makin’ me miss bingo, and I’m supposed to meet a nice young lady here. What –” He broke off as Spooky appeared at the passenger door, climbing in silently. His dad moved over on the bench seat to the middle. Daniel drove casually out of the parking lot, just another patron of the VFW leaving early.
“All clear, Spooky?”
“Two more infected, Chairman DJ. And out for a while.”
“Excellent. Dad…this is a long story, but we have a few hours on the road. Just listen for a while, okay? It’s freaky.”
They told him everything, start to finish, sparing no detail. It took some time.
David J. Markis was nothing if not a quick study, whip-smart in a way that Daniel wasn’t, he’d be the first to admit. The elder Markis ate it up. His first words were, “All right. Give it to me.”
“What? So soon? Don’t you need to think about it?”
“You must have brought some. Your Montagnard buddy here ‘infected’ the surveillance, he said. I presume that’s to complicate their logistics. With the virtue effect, they won’t be useful to the opposition for a while, unless they can brainwash them. But that means you got a needle around here somewhere, or one of you can just bite me. So do it. We might have a crash on the way. They might come after us before we get to this bunker of yours. I don’t wanna miss out on immortality because I was too timid.”
Daniel shrugged, not really surprised. “No one would ever call you timid, Dad. Okay, Spooky, you heard the man. Shoot him up.”
Spooky silently took out the syringe.
A moment later his dad rolled down his sleeve, then sat back. “Now what?”
“Now we wait. There’s some protein shakes in that box on the floor – hey Spooky, pass me one, will you?” Daniel guzzled a can. “You might as well drink one now. And I’ll tell you how we’re going to make a better world.”


-22-

Infection Day Minus Seven.

“Mister Nightingale? Mister Nguyen?” The gate agent was perky, professional. “You’re traveling together? How nice to see. Here’s your passports and your cabin assignment. One of our Premier Suites. This packet has everything you need to know, and if you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to ask one of the staff or crew. Welcome aboard Royal Princes Cruise Lines’ Royal Neptune, and have a wonderful cruise.”
Larry and Spooky took back their passports and put on their best smiles, but declined the standard picture-taking as they boarded. Port Canaveral, Florida was perpetually sunny, the air fresh and sweet rolling in off the Atlantic.
Larry adjusted his sunglasses. “I guess Vinny spoofed their computers all right. That was the hardest part of this whole gig, sweating in line, waiting to get matched against some kind of watch list.”
“Yes. My nephew is very competent, if undisciplined. He say it is easier to hack into cruise line computers and make software ignore us than hack into government computers and take us off the lists.”
They proceeded through ornate and luxurious spaces toward the rear of the ship, where their cabin sat facing aft. One of the first-class suites, it was second only to a few exclusive and unadvertised luxury living spaces above them, cleverly designed to be difficult to find unless you knew where to go, and hard to see into from the surrounding balconies and observation decks.
Opening the door with his keycard, Larry found their luggage already in place inside. “Compliments of Royal Princes! We livin’ large now,” he cried as he picked up a bottle of champagne cooling in a bucket on the table. He put it down to lift a suitcase onto one of the luggage caddies, unlocking it with a combination.
His eyes roved over several plastic bottles that had been carefully opened, filled with Eden Plague solution, and repacked just like new. To any inspection they would appear to be just bottles of popular soft drink. They had even added some food dye to complete the illusion. Many people brought their own particular favorite drinks or foods on a cruise; it would arouse no suspicion, and the bottles could be carried around openly.
Spooky reached over and pulled a clean new laptop out of the suitcase, packed next to the bottles; it was a powerful model with tremendous graphics capability. It booted up quickly and soon a flash drive on his key fob dumped stolen plans of their ship into the computer’s memory.
No firearms this time; it was too risky, though he had a ceramic and carbon-fiber knife that was virtually invisible to the luggage scanners. Nguyen strapped it onto his forearm. He took out another laptop, booted it up and hard-linked it to the first machine so there was nothing to intercept over a wireless connection. He immediately started reviewing their intended actions, taking himself on yet another virtual rehearsal.
“I’m hungry,” complained Larry.
“You always hungry, Larry. But you right, I’m hungry too. Nothing is open yet during boarding. Here is food.” He opened one of his smaller cases, turning it around to show its load of high-calorie, high-protein snacks.
Larry looked at the selection with distaste. “I’m so sick of nuts and protein shakes I could puke. I’m gonna go through the buffet like a buzz saw through balsa wood.” He unenthusiastically picked up a plastic bag full of trail mix and began eating, washing it down with champagne.
Spooky grabbed a big bag of wasabi chips and munched while staring at his computer screen. “I gonna do all the hard work this op, I think.”
“It’s not like I can blend in with the service staff below-decks, Spooky. How many three-hundred-pound – well, two-sixty now – black men do you think they got cleaning rooms or waiting tables? Ze-ro, that’s how many. I’m just here to be a jailer, and enjoy the par-tay.”
“Remember you got fiancée now, Larry.”
“You see a ring on this finger?” He laughed. “All right, all right. We both know I ain’t cheatin’ on Shawna, even for the good cause of spreadin’ the stuff around. You know back in the day, you would never have even brought that up.”
“Back in the day we had no Eden Plague. No use complaining now. I have no such inhibition. I have no commitment to stop me from ‘spreading the stuff around.’”
“Damn, Sam, you gonna rub my face all up in that, huh? Buddy’s only half a word aroun’ here.”
“So solly, Larry-san,” Spooky mocked. “Here, I got girlie disk for you. Asian hotties.” Spooky tossed a DVD at his friend.
“Great. Just freakin’ great.”

***

In one of the enormous buffet cafeterias Larry sat methodically shoveling food into his maw while staring out over the moving ocean. The Bahamas receded in the distance; tomorrow morning they would arrive in Cancun, Mexico. Normally he would be ecstatic to go on a cruise like this – meet women, play some poker in the ship’s casino, eat and drink his fill. This time his mind was taken up with more important things.
That didn’t stop him from enjoying the food.
He wondered how DJ was getting on, then pushed it out of his mind, feeling a trifle guilty. Here they were, living it up, while Daniel was driving across the country along the southern route, mostly I-10 and I-20, toward the opening salvo in their battle to make a better world. He laughed silently at himself; it sounded pretentious even in his own head.
He firmly quashed his doubts and went back for more. The fish was excellent.
Spooky came in with a full tray and sat down across from him. “Almost showtime.”
“Yep. You got your man picked out?”
“Yes. Piece of cake.”
“You ain’t got no cake on your tray.”
Spooky scowled, mock-serious. “You a funny spook, Larry.”
“And you a funny gook, Spooky. When do you want to nab him?”
“End of his shift, two hours. I told him to come by our cabin, we play Mahjong for money.”
“How’d you convince him to risk getting in trouble for doing that?”
Spooky stared at Larry, cocking his head in disbelief. “What, you kidding? I told him we play Mahjong for money. That like telling you a hottie waiting in your room in the bed.”
Larry choked back a laugh, covering his face with his napkin. “That was the old me.”
“Okay then, like telling you Shawna waiting in your room in the bed; how is that, smart guy?”
“I get it. You know your people best.”
“He is not my people, he is Chinese. I am thuong Degar, from Vietnam.”
“You little guys all look the same to me.”
“Yeah, you big guys too. If you not black I forget who you are.”
“You never used to talk so much before the Eden Plague.”
Spooky stared hard at Larry, then smiled faintly. “Before, I have too much confusion in my mind. To kill many, many men is…disturbing. Now the confusion is lifted. Everything is clear.”

***

Spooky, dressed in the clothing of the man they had sedated in their suite, walked brazenly into the ship’s lower-deck service area, a place the paying customers would never see. Spacious carpeted corridors and pleasant colors gave way to rubber and metal and harsh white lights, cramped passageways and the hustle and bustle of the enormous cruise ship’s below-decks. He turned sideways repeatedly to slide past as other similarly dressed people, many Asian and even smaller than he was, hurried about their tasks.
He turned down each corridor in turn, comparing the numbers and letters written on the walls against the route he had memorized, until he came to a hatch marked “Crew Only.”
Stepping through the hatch, he ducked behind an enormous painted pipe. Setting down the nondescript utility bag he carried, he pulled his staff server’s tunic over his head and stashed it, revealing a white naval style uniform with lieutenant’s banded epaulets very like the ones worn by the real crew. It wouldn’t pass close inspection but he hoped it would at least keep a casual observer from alerting to him right off.
Down three metal and steel-mesh ladders, then through several more twists and turns he burrowed into the bowels of the enormous cruise ship. Soon he found the location he had memorized, a condensation reclamation pipe with a thick rubberlike join where it made an odd curve among the machinery.
There was no one in sight, just the humming of the mechanisms of the engines and pumps and vents that controlled the fluids of the modern vessel – hydraulic fluids, fuel, oil, air, and water. Spooky set the bag down and removed one of the horse-needle syringes they had prepared. Without hesitation he shoved the sharp metal tube through the soft joint, into the feed from the central desalination system that supplied the thousands of people aboard with water.
Water to drink, water to prepare food in the kitchens, water to bathe in and fill the swimming pools and jacuzzis. Water to spray from their showers, atomizing the virus mixture into the air of the enclosed stalls, so it would carry the Eden Plague to resting places in their lungs, where it would take root, invading their cells, bestowing its gifts and demanding its payments.
Leaving the syringe in after the initial injection, Spooky pulled out the plunger and attached a hose to the plastic tube. This ran to a two-liter soda bottle of the Plague solution, which Spooky taped inverted to the back of a nearby fitting. His carbon-fiber knife flashed, poking a tiny hole in the uppermost surface of the bottle, allowing air in, defeating the vacuum principle that would have impeded the flow down through the hose. Gravity would do the rest, dripping the virus-laden fluid into the vast clean-water tanks.
“Hey, you there. What are you doing?” The Afrikaans-accented voice was indignant, official.
Spooky turned around to placate whoever it was. He saw an officer of the crew with Commander’s stripes, sandy blonde hair, protruding teeth and a nametag that said “de Voort.”
“Just making a repair, sir,” Nguyen said in his best false British accent.
The man licked his lips. His eyes flicked over the tube running around behind the fitting, then focused on Spooky’s right hand. “What’s that you have there?”
“Just a tool, sir.” He held the thing up, showing the handle and concealing the blade behind his turned hand. But he had forgotten just how sharp the high-tech edge on this knife was, as the pressure of his own palm opened his flesh against it. Blood suddenly ran dribbling down his upraised arm.
Commander de Voort might be middle-aged and running to fat, a long ways from the South African Navy where he began and long unused to dangerous situations, but his instincts were still good. He turned and bolted for the nearest passageway, yelling for help.
Spooky leaped after him. If the commander sounded the alarm, the whole plan might come crashing down. Desperately he lunged, catching hold of the fleeing man’s uniform tunic.
De Voort yelled louder and spun, swinging Spooky painfully into the corner of a railing.
The little man hung on grimly with his one hand, bringing the knife up in the other, threatening. “Stop!” Spooky gasped, but de Voort ignored him. The bigger man pummeled the Vietnamese on the head and shoulders with his fists, bruising him.
Spooky dropped the knife to the deck with a clatter and struck the commander a foul blow with his free hand, perhaps four inches below his belt. The man folded up, gasping with shock. Picking up the knife, Nguyen put the blade to de Voort’s throat. “Be silent!” The ceramic-edged, razor-sharp blade was covered with Spooky’s own blood, which gave him an idea. He slid the knife down to slice a ribbon of skin on the other man’s forearm. The edge was so sharp that it was seconds before the commander even felt the sting. “Be silent or I will cut your throat! Turn over!”
De Voort rolled over to face downward on the deck.
Spooky wiped the blood off the blade then slid it back into his hidden sheath on his forearm; he carefully calibrated the force, as if breaking a board in the dojo, then drove a fist into the nerve plexus at the base of the man’s skull. De Voort went limp.
Just in time. A cry from down the passageway drew his eyes to a young woman, a crewmember by her uniform, hurrying in their direction.
“He fell and hit his head,” Spooky said loudly. “He is injured. Run to call for a doctor, please.”
The woman nodded, breathless, dashing off for the nearest intercom handset.
Spooky made a quick inspection of the man’s arm where the knife had mingled both of the men’s blood. The slash was already healing, closing. The Plague had taken. De Voort’s body fat would keep him alive and recovering until medical help arrived, so looking around one last time to make sure he was not observed, Nguyen smashed a fist once more into the base of the man’s skull. He told himself that the result would be sufficient, that the man would be unconscious for long enough.
Leaping to his feet, he followed the trail of blood back to where the two men had met, then inspected his handiwork. The bottle was half empty. He debated with himself whether it would be better to leave the thing there and get every possible drop into the system, or take it down to remove all trace of it.
Finally he decided he had to take it down. They could not afford to risk a cautious captain or crew shutting down the main water system for fear of contamination, prohibiting showers and making everyone drink bottled water until the ship got into port.
He had to hope it would be enough.

***

The restaurants and buffets on the ship were humming that night, filled to capacity with cheerful, unusually energetic people. Every public space was busy and buzzing with conversation. Senior citizens with spry steps took moonlight walks on deck or visited the ballroom to dance to big band swing. Weary staff members found their twelve-hour shifts were not so odious and tiring after all. Pinch-faced losers at the casino smiled as their chips flowed away from them across the tables, shrugging and philosophical. The young and not-so-young partied long into the night, drinking less, talking more, retiring to their rooms by twos.
By morning, there were miracles.
Moshe Capernaum, eighty-nine years of age, blind, diabetic and wheelchair-bound, woke up that morning and walked the four steps to the cramped bathroom of his tiny lower-deck cabin, half-asleep.
“Moshe! What are you doing? Will you kill yourself? Sit back down before you fall.”
Moshe blinked clear brown eyes at his wife Miryam as she fussed him back to sit on the narrow bed. “You are so beautiful, my dear. I love you more now than the day of our wedding.”
“There is no fool like an old, fool,” Miryam said affectionately, holding his hand in her lap. “If only you could see me, you will see how foolish you have become.”
“But I can see you my dear. I can see you clear as the daylight coming in that porthole.” He reached out to touch her cheek. “I was blind, but now I see.”
She marveled, holding his ancient face in wizened hands, suddenly grown strong.
One deck above, Sergeant Jill “Reaper” Repeth, US Marine Corps, started the day as she always did, with a protein shake and one hundred pull-ups on a tension bar she had brought aboard and set up in the doorway of her room’s balcony. Facing out to sea looking over the railing, her head and shoulders rose and fell, eyes on the horizon. Her lungs expanded, pumping the fresh sea air in and out. It is great to be alive, she told herself. She believed it more today than on some other days.
Every day above ground is a good day. Every day I am not being shot at is a good day.
Repeth was one of the One Percent. It was something most Marines didn’t know about, because most Marines weren’t female. Only a small fraction of the Corps was women, because unlike the other services, the Marines didn’t bend its physical standards much to admit them. Measure up or leave.
But the One Percent was a sort of secret club of female Marines that could, would and did beat the men at their own game – that could outperform most of them. Marathonners, triathletes, gymnasts, distance swimmers, biathletes. Thus One Percent, because perhaps one in a hundred Marine women could do it – could perform at this Olympic level of physical fitness.
The cruise line had given her a private room on a middle-high deck, something she would have struggled to afford if she hadn’t been selected through their “Wounded Warrior” promotion that provided free cruises to the nation’s servicemembers. She was glad of it as she finished the hundred, hardly more winded at the end than at the start. She took that as a good sign, knocking out another fifty before stopping.
That was more than she’d ever done before at a stretch. It was true she had an advantage over the average Marine, male or female; she was at least twenty pounds lighter than normal. Missing everything below both knees put less strain on the cardiovascular system; absent lower legs didn’t need blood and oxygen.
Stay positive, stay focused. Ever since the mortar shell that took her feet, that’s what she told herself.
Dropping gently to the floor onto her buttocks, she maneuvered with wiry-muscled arms and leg stumps over to her prostheses. Sitting on the floor she strapped them on, fiddling and adjusting for a longer span than normal. Finally she got them to some semblance of stability, and wobbled to her artificial feet.
Repeth stared down at the legs and the metal-and-plastic structures. They didn’t feel right. Her good mood evaporated. Some days the damn things just didn’t sit well on her, and it looked like this would be one of these days. She wasn’t even going to turn on the microprocessor control and servos that helped her walk and run with a semblance of normalcy. She still hoped she could work up to running a marathon again. Maybe with those bladerunner things.
Sitting down on the bed and taking the prostheses off, she rubbed at the end of the stumps. They always itched a bit, but today they positively screamed to be scratched. She did so, vigorously, and then looked more closely at them. If she didn’t know better, she would swear that the stumps had lengthened slightly.
Maybe they were just swollen.
Repeth shrugged to herself. Rather than fight with the artificial legs, she phoned for a wheelchair pick-up. She’d come back after breakfast and fiddle with the things. She was starving.
Three decks above, in the crowded, well lit breakfast cafeteria, nine-year-old Gennie Washington scooped spoonful after spoonful of yogurt into her mouth, finishing the bowl in record time. “More, please,” she requested.
Her father Rufous gently patted the colorful knit Rasta hat that covered her bald head. “Anything else?”
“Milk! And orange juice. And bacon.”
“Coming right up, punkin.” Ever since her mother died, he couldn’t refuse her anything, not that he wanted to. The chemo had been hard on her, and getting her to eat so well was a minor miracle. The cruise seemed to be good for her, to lift her spirits, and the oncologists all said that kids made good cancer patients, because they had the best attitudes. Attitude was everything, as his football coaches had all drummed into him so long ago.
He put a tray full of food down in front of his daughter and joyfully watched her eat. It was going to be a good day.

***

“Time to get off the boat,” Larry said to Spooky as they heard the disembarkation announcement for Cancun over the public address system. “Between this guy,” he hooked a thumb at the closet where the taped and frightened staffer had spent an uncomfortable night, “and the commander you knocked out, they’ll be onto us soon.”
“I’ll use his badge one more time to get off the ship,” Spooky said as he packed a shoulder bag. “We meet at El Gringo Loco.”
Larry raised his eyebrows at Spooky. Actually they weren’t going anywhere near that bar, but the man in the closet would certainly pass this tidbit on to the authorities. He raised his own bag to his shoulder and the two men made their escape from the ship, Spooky from the staff and crew exit, Nightingale with the usual crowd of tourists heading in to the bars in Cancun.



-23-

Infection Day Minus Two.

Binoculars brought the water treatment plant at Van Norman Lakes Reservoir into sharp focus. Daniel could see the enormous tubes of the termination of the Los Angeles Aqueduct. Beyond it were hundreds of miles of pipes that gathered and funneled waters from the Sierras down to the Los Angeles Basin. It was a marvel of engineering, completely gravity operated, even generating hydroelectric power on the way. The devastation that the diversion of water caused Mono Lake and Owens Valley and many other, smaller natural Edens of California was deemed a cheap price to pay for keeping the economic powerhouse of the West Coast going.
Daniel shifted his view to the trees planted between the Granada Hills Youth Recreation Center and the enormous structures that prepared millions of gallons of water a day for Los Angeles thirsty residents to use. The stiff breeze’s direction was important; he had to choose a place upwind to maximize his chance of success.
Not that he actually expected to succeed.
Daniel had spotted the car tailing him ten minutes ago; figured he had another ten minutes before Homeland Security pulled him over and checked him out. He opened and drank as many canned protein shakes as he could, choking down about seven.
Homeland Security. Such a wonderfully loaded phrase. Nobody could possibly object to some nice security for the homeland, right? But it gave birth to dysfunctional abominations like the Transportation Security Administration, stealing iPads, patting down toddlers and detaining old people with colostomy bags for fear of being politically incorrect while angry young underwear bombers were let through. It led to trading away constitutional rights and responsibilities to those in power, in return for the comforting illusion of protection that no amount of armed security forces or foreign interventions could provide.
He cut short his musings as he noted the wind direction was blowing just right for his ploy. Dialing a number on the disposable phone, he put in a code, and then tossed it out the window into a drainage ditch.
Shoving the surplus agricultural spray truck in gear, he drove down the slope of the hill and along Balboa Boulevard. It was the last mile of his journey across seven states, trusting to anonymity and the millions of vehicles on the road to get him to his goal. But it didn’t really matter where or if he were intercepted; the design had been put in motion the moment he left the Sosthenes Bunker. It would be great if he could deploy the Plague into the water; but with or without him, the plan was going forward.
The tail car started accelerating behind him, and he knew he was blown. They’d probably gotten a look at his face, despite his best efforts at concealment, and matched it against a biometric database. Daniel sped up, taking the turn into the recreational complex in a skidding screech. He was just five hundred yards from his target section of the fence.
Daniel floored it, then reached over and threw a large lever under the dashboard. The mechanism in back of the truck, normally used for spraying a fine mist of agricultural chemicals in orchards or fields, coughed to life. In a moment a pale white fog trailed behind him, the stiff Santa Ana wind carrying it almost due west.
Four hundred yards, he thought.
The heavy government sedan behind him gained on his anemic truck despite the best he could do; it wasn’t long before he heard the impact of bullets. But five thousand gallons of Eden-Plague-infused solution protected his person from harm.
Three hundred yards to go.
Unfortunately the wheels were not so well covered. He felt one of the dual tires in the right rear go flat, and he steered gently, carefully, to avoid getting the liquid sloshing and so overturn the truck.
Only two hundred yards now.
The car roared up, trying to get alongside on the right, upwind of the mist. Daniel kept the speeding truck close to obstacles on that side – parked cars, fenceposts, curbs – preventing them from passing.
One hundred yards.
The truck shuddered and he felt the other right rear tire go. The vehicle settled on its suspension and he could barely control it, so he just kept his foot on the floor and aimed for the piece of fence that separated the sports complex from the water treatment plant’s eastern perimeter road. Strips of shredded rubber banged into the fender well, louder than the gunshots, and he prayed for speed as the barrier came up.
He crashed through.
Still at thirty miles per hour, Daniel roared along next to the enormous rectangular pools that held and distributed the water for treatment. He blessed the designers of the Eden Plague, as Elise had told him that the processing would not kill the virus. Even now the mist was settling into the pools, contaminating Los Angeles’ main tap supply with the life-giving microbe.
He’d almost made it to the end of the complex when he felt the tearing of a bullet in his shoulder and his right arm went numb. His vision blurred and the unstable truck yawed to the left, then rolled once and ground to a halt, breaking open the tough plastic solution tank. He felt the liquid slosh onto him.
Moments later the legs of his pursuers walked into his line of vision. His head was stuck at an awkward angle, pressed against the ground and the remnants of the broken driver’s window of the truck. Dust and grit swirled over him, getting in his eyes, and he was sure his body was broken in several important places. He wondered whether the virus would knit his bones in this awkward position.
Daniel could hear the buzz of a helicopter getting closer. It didn’t matter. He’d done the job.
“Should we get him out?” asked a voice attached to the legs.
“They said not to touch him. He’s contaminated.”
“This whole thing’s probably contaminated. Stay upwind. Besides, he can lie there and bleed for all I care. Scumbag terrorist. ”
“Did they say what the stuff is?”
“No, just some kind of chemical. Nothing too bad. I already called it in. They’re shutting down the plant until they can make sure the water is safe.”
“High five, partner.”
“Yep. Might get a commendation out of this one.”
“We should.”
The sound of the helicopter drowned out their conversation, though it barely added to the gritty wind. The legs walked out of his line of sight. Daniel waited. It seemed like forever, but was probably just a few minutes. He drifted off in a fog of pain. This was good, because the gnawing hunger of the Eden Plague was coming back. He let himself slide into unconsciousness.
Daniel awoke to the smell of plastic and his own bodily fluids. The world looked blue, but that was just the colored sheet covering his face. It was loose enough for him to breathe, but he couldn’t move. He was wrapped and taped. He could hear sounds of activity nearby, snippets of conversation and orders. It sounded like they were cleaning up the crashed truck. He felt himself being lifted. The motion told him that unfortunately he was right; pieces of him had healed into an unnatural configuration. His mind drifted to wondering if someday Elise and the rest would be able to adjust the virus to straighten out bones too.
Daniel heard a resonant, commanding voice rise from the babble. “Put him in the chopper.” He laughed to himself, his mind seizing on irrelevancies. Nobody who actually lived and worked around helicopters called them “choppers.” Aircrew called them “airplanes” or “birds” or sometimes “helos,” or by their military designation – “Black Hawks” or “Sixties” or “Hueys.” Never “choppers.”
Amateurs.
They put him inside the running bird, which sounded to him like some kind of Sikorsky, probably a UH-60 Black Hawk. He was in the hands of the enemy, now, and in God’s, Cassie would say. He sure hoped she was right. He could use some God right now. Closing his eyes, he said a prayer, and let the pounding of the rotors lull him to sleep.

***

It had taken five days for Nightingale and Nguyen to work their way back up through Mexico, eventually crossing using false documents at San Ysidro, the busiest border station in the US. Checked into a nondescript motel in Mission Hills, California, they ate free continental breakfast and watched the headline news.
“Search and rescue forces of three nations were mobilized today as the cruise ship Royal Neptune was reported overdue to arrive at Port Canaveral, Florida from Bermuda. While the US Coast Guard cautions against speculation, the internet is already buzzing with talk of the latest victim of the Bermuda Triangle.”
The two men turned to each other with ill-concealed horror.
Larry downed his coffee. “Damn. DJ was right. They hijacked it, quarantined it,” he whispered.
“Or sunk it to the bottom. The war, it is starting.”
“I guess it is. So let’s go fight it.”
They drove their rental car the mile or two to the north edge of the fence line surrounding the Van Norman water treatment plant. There was a communications conduit thirty yards inside the fence, where it ran from the main structure to a point where it dove into the ground. Beneath the earth, it would join and run alongside the enormous pipes of the Los Angeles Aqueduct, providing a secure fiber-optic link all the way up the pipeline. The line connected the whole system together, computers at each critical node – control valves, hydroelectric generators, pressure sensors – and the water treatment plant in front of them. But right here, it was exposed.
Larry checked his watch. “Some time in the next hour, I’d say. You still think you can do it fast enough?”
“As long as nobody shooting at me, I do it in under one minute. If they are, I do it even faster.”
Larry shrugged, resigned. “Sure hope you’re right. This is gonna take some nice timing.” He stared at his phone.
Seventeen minutes later the phone beeped and the go-code displayed.
They immediately exited the car, walking up to the barrier. Larry worked heavy-duty wire shears along the cyclone fencing, making a hole within seconds big enough for Spooky.
The small man slipped through with a tool bag in his hand, his eyes roaming over the concrete and steel facility. They were far away from any of the plant workers’ usual locations, and the fence line only got checked twice a day. Dropping to his knees next to the conduit, he took a battery-powered saw and sliced carefully through the thin conduit pipe. Peeling it away with pliers, he exposed the fiber-optic lines within.
With a few deft movements of his fingers he attached a clip-on shunt, which interposed itself into the line. Now, unknown to the plant managers, Spooky had access to the computer that ran the whole system. He pressed a button and the LED on the shunt started flashing. Slipping back across the hot dry dirt, he ducked through the fence and into the car.
The tiny flash drive in the device dumped the cyber-worm Vinny had prepared into the line, where it burrowed its way in and immediately started taking over the system. Within two minutes the control computer, though otherwise unaffected, would ignore all commands to shut down water distribution. It would take tens of minutes or even hours to manually close valves and stop the contaminated liquid from flowing out into greater Los Angeles. By that time it would be too late.
Larry put the sedan into reverse, backing into a position away from the fence but facing down the long perimeter road. “I know he said to leave right away, but I ain’t gonna miss this.”
“It will not make us happy. We cannot interfere.”
“I know.”
So they had a front-row seat for the Daniel Markis road rally. They cheered as he started the sprayer and crashed through the fence; they pounded the dashboard as he cut off the pursuit and kept the mist going; they groaned when the truck rolled, and the helicopter landed. And they sweated as they watched the blue-wrapped bundle carried on a stretcher into the helicopter, both men wondering to themselves whether Markis was alive or dead.



-24-

Infection Day Minus One.

Elise Markis steered the bulk milk truck down the gravel track under the trees that line the little landing field outside of Athens, Georgia. She checked her watch. Ten minutes to go. She didn’t want to be too early; the less time sitting around, the less time for people to question her presence.
She pulled the truck over before the rough road broke out of the tree line, at the downwind end of the runway. Hopping out of the cab, she made a final check of the hose, the pump, and the fittings.
Elise looked up from her check as a single-engine, low-winged airplane roared overhead and landed lightly on balloon tires. It turned around and taxied toward her. She jumped back in the truck and drove out to the end of the runway, meeting the aircraft as it turned around and lined up for takeoff. As she pulled up, she looked over the plastic tanks, tubing and brass nozzles of the crop duster.
A much-younger-looking David Markis waved at her as he climbed down from the cockpit. My father-in-law. He looks so much like Daniel now he’s rejuvenated, Elise thought. She could see his expression was anything but happy, however, as he reached back in to drag a struggling figure out of the second seat. It looked like a woman, her mouth, hands and feet taped and her eyes wild with fear and anger.
“Sorry, I had to take her with me. She was too suspicious about me wanting to rent the plane.”
“It’s all right. I’ll deal with her.” At the bound woman’s muffled shriek, Elise reassured her. “You won’t be harmed, miss. And neither will anyone else. You probably think we’re terrorists but this stuff won’t hurt anyone. And I’m sure you’d love to argue about it but I don’t want to hear it right now.” She dragged the prisoner over to the truck cab and boosted her gently into it. From there she started the pump.
The senior Markis hooked up the hose fitting and quickly transferred the full capacity of five hundred gallons to the plane. As soon as he had it in, he unhooked and leaped back into the aircraft, taking off into the puffy clouds of the burning Georgia summer sky.
Once she had parked back in the trees, Elise looked over at the bound woman. “Look, I know you’re scared, but really, there’s nothing to worry about. If I take that tape off your mouth will you behave?”
The young woman nodded, wide-eyed.
Elise’s phone beeped at her. She looked at the incoming text, nodded in satisfaction, and then worked the tape gently off of the younger woman’s face, revealing a strong chin and defiantly furrowed brow. They stared at each other for a long moment.
“What’s your name, hon?”
“Janet Bills. You don’t look like a terrorist.”
“What does a terrorist look like?”
She squirmed uncomfortably. “I don’t know. Crazy eyes? Crazy talk?”
“Well, you happen to be right. I’m not a terrorist, we’re just doing something illegal. But it won’t hurt anyone, so don’t worry about it. In a couple of hours I’ll let you go and everything will be fine.”
“Where’s he going? In the plane?”
Elise pondered this for a moment, then decided it didn’t matter if she told her. Besides, it was going to be a long vigil if they couldn’t talk about something. “Sanford Stadium. Athens. There’s a big Prosperity Gospel revival thing going on, all those suckers that think they can name it and claim it so God will give them a new Mercedes and a new bass boat. Lots of offering plates pouring money into the preachers’ coffers, just proving how much money God is giving the faithful. Talk about your self-fulfilling prophecy – for the preachers. About seventy-five thousand people. And they paid ninety bucks a head for the ‘seminar,’ not counting the concessions. You do the math.”
“My father’s a pastor, and he said those people aren’t following God.”
Elise nodded. “I have to agree with you there, honey. Sounds like your father’s a good man.”
“So what is that guy going to do? What’s in the tanks?”
“What do you think it is?”
Janet thought for a moment. “I dunno…skunk stink? Some kind of dye? Like throwing blood on people who wear furs? I can’t think of anything else that wouldn’t hurt people.”
“Smart girl. Would you like a drink?” Elise hoped Janet wouldn’t notice she hadn’t actually confirmed her guess.
“Sure.”
Elise opened the juice bottle, and Janet drank with her taped-together hands.
“So how did you get into flying?”
“I just always wanted to fly, so in high school…”
Elise kept her talking until David came back. Then she cut the tape binding Janet’s hands and hopped out of the milk truck. When she had climbed into the second seat of the plane, she threw the truck keys down to the waiting young woman.
“There’s an envelope under the drivers’ seat with some money for the plane. You might not get it back. Have a nice drive, and sorry to inconvenience you. Oh, the truck kind of sticks in second.”
Janet nodded and waved, half a smile on her face.
They took off, winging their way northeastward. “I think you got a Stockholm buddy,” David said.
“What? Oh, you mean like Stockholm Syndrome? I held her hostage and now she likes me?”
“Yep.”
A pause. “So how did the spraying go?”
“Seventy-five thousand new converts. Just not quite the religion they expected,” laughed Markis.
“Yes, and tonight and tomorrow they’ll pass through the Atlanta airport and go back home to a thousand different places and then there’s no way they’ll be able to quarantine it.”
“Lord willing and the crick don’t rise. But they’ll try.”
Elise did not respond, lapsing into silence. She stared out the scratched and dirty cockpit as her thoughts closed in. Now that their task was over her husband was all she could think about. No matter how much he had protested and placated, she knew he did not expect to get away after his own piece of the plan in Los Angeles. If he did not show up at the rendezvous…well, she was no soldier, but the rest were. She told herself the men were frighteningly competent, and they would be able to rescue him.
If not now, then later. After the chaos. After tomorrow.
After Infection Day.



-25-

Daniel woke to the smell of disinfectant and lanolin. His cell was dim and clean, the narrow bed’s covers of ragged rough green wool with “US” printed here and there on them. He’d seen the same blankets in a few old barracks back when he’d been in the Army, though these days they had mostly migrated to the surplus stores. A naked steel toilet with no seat beckoned, and a sink with only one tap: no hot water. A roll of paper, in an incongruously cheerful green wrapper
Daniel struggled to a sitting position, finding himself unable to straighten. His right arm and shoulder were pain-free but twisted like a lightning-struck tree trunk. He stared at the strange crook in his forearm, shoving aside the surreal feeling. The limb was useless; the muscles were so misaligned he could barely close his hand. It reminded him of someone with cerebral palsy; he was half of Stephen Hawking. He tried to remember if Hawking was still alive, and he said a little prayer that the Eden Plague would find him and free that amazing mind from the prison of his crippled body.
Daniel’s left side, hand, and arm were more or less useable, though his ribs were a bit compressed. His spine must have been broken as well, and healed in this hunched-over position. Fortunately his legs seemed to function reasonably well, so he struggled to move over onto the toilet. He was clothed in orange pajamas, with a convenient elastic waistband.
The necessaries finished, he drank from the faucet and lay back down on his bunk, on his side in a semi-fetal position, and tried to ignore the cat-claws in his gut. The Plague wanted to be fed.
Booted feet tramped outside his door. The little window opened, then shut, and the locking mechanism opened with a heavy clunking sound. The door slid back, then sideways on rails, and three men in blue hazardous material suits, filter masks and face shields came in.
Two of them had those huge-barreled revolver-blunderbuss things. The enormous tubes pointed his direction, naked threats. The other man carried a stainless steel chair.
The two guards took positions in the corners to the left and right of the door, and the man in charge sat down on the chair across from Daniel’s bunk, in front of the door.
“It’s not airborne, you know,” Daniel said without moving. “And I’m hardly in a position to jump you.” He held up a twisted arm.
“It’s just precautionary,” a familiar rich voice said, and his fears – his expectations rather – were fulfilled. It was Jenkins, the Third.
“I’ll say it again, Mister Jenkins. I am sorry about your son. I take full responsibility, and I’ll say so in front of any court or tribunal you care to convene.”
Jenkins chuckled, a deep, cruel sound. “You’re never going to see the inside of a courtroom. You’ve just become a lab rat. A guinea pig. You’re going to bless the days when it’s just my scientists experimenting on you, because on the other days, I’m going to test the limits of your suffering.”
“It’s our suffering that defines us, Mr. Jenkins.”
“What?”
“C. S. Lewis. Loosely quoted.”
“Then you are about to be defined quite vigorously.” He laughed again, a naked, evil thing.
“It sounds to me like you’re afraid. What is it that scares you?” Daniel tried to hold the man’s eyes.
“If I fear anything, it’s the wanton disruption of the American way of life that you are trying to bring about. Have you thought about the chaos you might have caused had we not caught you in your little scheme?”
“What part of today’s ‘American way of life’ do you love so much? What part did the Founding Fathers sacrifice so much for? Is it our citizens dying of cancer? Heart disease? Or just traffic accidents? Is it the rampant violent crime, or alcoholism, or the PTSD of veterans like me? The drug use and mental illness that caused me to lose control and kill your son? We can get rid of all that if you just stop fighting it.”
Jenkins snorted. “Listen to yourself! You want to surrender the destiny of the human race to an untested virus that might mutate and wipe us all out. Or this thing could be a Trojan Horse designed by aliens or the godless communists to destroy the Free World. What if everyone welcomes it, and after a certain amount of time, or the deployment of some trigger mechanism, kablooie! Everyone infected with it dies or goes crazy, and the old Soviets win the Cold War from their graves while the Russians and Chinese and Al Qaeda laugh and cheer.”
“Plausible. Plausible, Mr. Jenkins, but I don’t think so. If you cared so much about your country you would have informed our elected leaders when you discovered it. There would be a multibillion-dollar program to deconstruct the virus already in place, to defend against misuse of it, and to genetically engineer it so it could be used for the good of everyone, under controlled circumstances, as a cure. Instead, you kept it hidden on an island, owned by a shell company, run by your own personal mad doctor and secured by amoral thugs who kept their own researchers prisoner. So even if I didn’t get half of Los Angeles infected, now it’s too big for just INS, Incorporated. You had to call in Homeland Security. People will talk. There’s nothing more of an oxymoron than a ‘government secret’ in the age of the internet.”
“You know Markis, I let you blather on because it amuses and gratifies me to see you lying there like a twisted freak.”
“So you must trust these men implicitly? You’re not afraid of them hearing anything you say?”
“They are utterly loyal to me.”
Daniel glanced at them, seeing nothing to contradict what Jenkins had to say. Still, the longer he kept Jenkins talking, the more time the other parts of the plan had to succeed. Maybe he might even get through to one of the minions.
“Did you tell them it will cure anything? And give them functional immortality? Live a thousand years like a man of twenty? Never have to watch what you eat, or worry about all the pains of growing old? Do they think a couple of grunts like them will get a piece of that? That it won’t be reserved exclusively for the rich and powerful?”
“They will get it, just as soon as I do. As soon as the bugs have been worked out. They don’t want to end up in a pathetic situation like you are now.”
Daniel chuckled. “Just a little longer, and everyone will have a better world, right? It’s always just a little bit longer, until they find a cure for cancer, or nuclear fusion gives everyone clean energy, or we balance the budget. But those things never come, Jenkins, because the rich and powerful don’t want them to come. If they did, the little people wouldn’t have to be afraid anymore, and people like you would have no leverage. Nothing to hold over their heads. But the Eden Plague can free them now, and we can still work on making the virus better as we go along.”
Daniel wasn’t sure how convincing he was, or how much of this he even believed himself, but he had committed himself to the course and he wasn’t going to back out now. And maybe this was penance for his crime, even if it accomplished nothing else.
“You think I’m evil, Markis? You’re a pie-in-the-sky raving lunatic. You want to just roll the dice on a slice of Soviet-designed biological warfare and hope it all turns out all right.”
Daniel shrugged, as well as he could. “At least I put my money where my mouth is. What have you risked, Jenkins?”
“As little as possible. That’s how great things are achieved.”
“Really? I think truly great people would say just the opposite.”
Jenkins stood up. “We’ll just have to see who achieves greatness, then,” he sneered. “Good luck from that position.” He picked up the chair, backing out of the room. The other two followed.
“I could use some food, if you want more than a corpse to torture later.”
He laughed. “I think I’d rather see you suffer some more the way you are. Bon appétit.”
The door shut with a heavy slam. Bon appétit’s cat-claws ripped at his guts.
Eventually he slept.



-26-

Infection Day.

Jervis A. Jenkins III sat in the command vehicle half a mile from the terrorist’s underground lair. Outside, C Squadron, Special Forces Detachment, Delta – commonly known as Delta Force – deployed across the mountain. Measurement and signals intelligence, MASINT, had identified the hidden entrances using infrared and radar imagery comparisons, and each was being covered by a squad of elite special operators.
Jenkins looked down at the piece of paper in his hand, almost orgasmic every time he read it. The President’s signature at the bottom, handwritten, not autopenned, authorized him to take control of the counterterrorism operation under the “clear and present danger” clause of the Patriot Act. It was probably extralegal, perhaps illegal, as it severely bent if not broke the Posse Comitatus Act of 1878 prohibiting the use of Federal troops for law enforcement within the United States.
The power to break the law with impunity was intoxicating. Jenkins reveled in it.
Even now, select committees of Congress were being briefed and martial law would soon be declared, assuming they agreed. Even if they didn’t, that damn infected cruise ship was now under the guns of the Atlantic Fleet, and would stay quarantined offshore for as long as necessary. He wished he had been able to persuade the President to sink it immediately, but like all politicians, the man had wanted to keep his options open, and a massacre was always bad for poll numbers.
It was a stroke of luck, the anonymous tip that turned the Markis group in, that pinpointed this bunker.
When he’d been briefed on the facility later, by an ancient civil engineer they had dug up – who had worked on it shortly before it was sealed up in the fifties – he’d been appalled at how the Pentagon had lost track of it. He wondered how many other installations like this were scattered around. It could have been a nightmare.
“I wish we’d been able to bring Markis to see us capture his people and their hidey-hole,” he mused as he pushed buttons, checking feeds from the various personal cams attached to the helmets of selected operators. “Better to have him locked in the secure facility, though.”
His driver and the communications techs, contractors rather than regular military, chuckled approvingly at their boss’s comment. As well as they’re being paid, they’d better approve, he thought.
A buzz, then terse voices reported their positions and readiness. Most of the teams were just to cover the exits, to keep the rats from escaping. They had orders to shoot first, then capture wounded if it was absolutely safe.
These men were among the best elite hostage rescue and direct action specialists in the world. They had been briefed about the plot to spread a genetically engineered virus that would make Ebola look like the sniffles, and every one of them was cocked and locked, burning with eagerness to take down the enemies of their country, their families, and their way of life.
Jenkins loved this kind of control, and laughed inside. Fine upstanding stupid square-jawed suckers, so easily fooled by real leaders like me, using their own pure innocent patriotism against them. He looked at his watch, checked with his comm tech one more time, then said, “All right. Execute.”

***

In two different locations simultaneously, precisely calculated shaped charges blew hatches open, leaving smoking holes but not collapsing the tunnels behind. Then tactical stacks of operators, heavily armored for this short-range op, piled into the tunnels in lockstep, rushing down the corridors toward their selected targets.
Alpha Team got to the big cavern first, and designated men spread out to find vehicles that could be started. Within fifteen seconds, six men roared out the vehicle tunnel toward the inside of the bunker’s main entrance, to open it to more forces outside.
The rest fanned out, quartering, searching and clearing each room, finding no one until they met Bravo team coming from the other direction, in what looked like a cafeteria. It was obvious the terrorists had prepared food here in the kitchen and eaten in the dining room. One of the soldiers reached down to pick up a crayon drawing of a truck in a tunnel under a mountain, a yellow sun shining incongruously above, its rays like petals of a flower.
“Patricks, if it ain’t intel, put it down. We got the whole place to clear.”
“But sir…” He held it up. “They didn’t say there were kids here.”
“Shit.” The lieutenant changed frequencies to the general net, and transmitted, “Common push, this is Delta Alpha One, we have evidence of children here, over.”
A series of double-clicks and pops came in acknowledgment, but nothing else. Chatter was discouraged, communications discipline strict. Alpha Team spread out, with one more thing to think about. Nobody wanted to kill kids.

***

Daniel’s next awakening was brief. He heard the door open, saw the barrel of some kind of gun pointed his way, heard a hiss and felt the sting of a dart. It was a blessed relief from the twisting in his belly and the pain that ran through his starving body.
He came around in a different environment completely, an IV in his arm and a feeling of well-being coursing through his veins. He lifted his left hand. It looked thin, but not skeletal anymore. They must have fed me through the IV, or maybe stuck a feeding tube down my throat while I was sedated.
This place looked more like a hospital room, though he noticed locked restraints on his legs. He also felt heavy, tired and a bit euphoric. Probably Valium or some other kind of drug to keep him under control. It didn’t matter. It was out of his hands now. He had to just hope and pray that others could execute his plan. It was hard to be optimistic right now. He wondered how Elise and the rest were doing.

***

Thirty-five minutes later, the major in charge of the Delta squadron reported the bunker was clear. “No one at all secured, though, sir,” he said to Jenkins, who slammed his console in frustration.
“Drive us in there, now. I want to see this place. And tell the intel people to get in there immediately and start figuring out where they went!”
The command truck lurched into motion, joining the convoy of military and government vehicles rolling into the complex. The cavern soon filled up with two dozen Humvees, trucks, vans, and Suburbans, parked haphazardly among the old five-ton trucks and ancient jeeps. Men in combat fatigues mingled with groups in biohazard suits. There were reports of a laboratory, and they were taking no chances.
As the last of the vehicles passed through the inner tunnel archway, they felt a shock go through the mountainside. A rolling wave of dust flowed out of the big tube, chasing the trucks, and the people inside moved en masse toward the personnel doors away from the cloud.
“Don’t worry, the virus won’t let them kill us,” Jenkins said with a confidence he didn’t really feel.
“Not on purpose,” muttered one of the techs.
The executive stepped onto the back bumper of the command vehicle, looking around at the confusion. It quickly sorted itself out without his intervention. These people were professionals, and as soon as it was clear that the roof wasn’t coming down, they kept on with their business.
Two minutes later, smoking a cigarette inside the nearest bunker office, Jenkins heard a series of smaller blasts. Immediately, the overhead sprinkler system burst forth with a fine rain of water.
“Oh, come on.” He looked at his soaked cigarette, then threw it down. “Somebody get that turned off! We can’t work in this!” He ran back to the command vehicle, taking off his suit coat and grabbing some paper towels, drying off. “At least it will settle the dust.”
He ran the sopping towels over his face, and then froze, staring at the soggy mess in his hand like it was a snake getting ready to bite. “No…” he whispered, as he smelled the slightly sweet cloying odor that he recognized from the laboratory of INS, Inc. The odor of the virus breeder gel, generated by the decomposing unicellular organisms the Eden Plague used to reproduce.
Jenkins slumped in the contoured seat. It was too late. There was no way he could get out – no way he could avoid the infection. There was only one thing he could do, and he had to do it right now, while his mind was still his own.
Before his resolve failed.
“Major, I need to see you in the command vehicle.”
The Delta commander trotted up, wiping liquid off his face. “Sorry, sir. I was looking at this.” He held up a box full of papers.
“Come in, Major. Shut the door. You guys, take a break. Go to the john or something.” The other three men left, giving them privacy. “What is that?”
The major reached into the box, showing him a thick stack of waxy pieces of paper, the name of the world’s foremost private package company on the backs. “I think these are those things that are left after you put address and customs stickers on packages.”
Jenkins stared at the scores of sheets in the man’s hand, the hundreds in the box, and he knew in that moment that the game was already lost. They had failed, and Jenkins didn’t want to live in a world where he’d wrecked the train so badly, nor one where in a few hours his infected brain would be begging to admit what a mistake he made, and ask forgiveness of someone, nor one where he would cheerfully give up all his enormous wealth and privilege so he could slave for the good of mankind.
A world where he didn’t get to torture Daniel Markis, or even hate him for winning the game.
“Major, I have some terrible news.” Jenkins stared at the man for a moment, until he had his full, weighty attention. “I have made a horrible mistake. This liquid dispensed out of the sprinklers is filled with the biological weapon. Everyone inside is now in the first stages of infection. If any one of us gets out of here, he could spread the disease, and millions will die. Our families will die. The United States might not survive it. We have only one choice.” He spoke the lie with complete conviction.
The major licked his lips, wiping his mouth convulsively, eyes bulging. He took a deep breath, straightened up, and finally said, “Yes, sir. I understand.”
“Not everyone will have the fortitude you do. Even if your men maintain discipline, some of the others won’t. So before we become incapacitated, your men must seal off all exits, permanently. Use explosives and collapse the tunnels.”
“That will be easy. The terrorists already did most of it for us. That was the explosions you heard.”
Jenkins sat back in relief. “Good. They did us a favor. They wanted us to think ourselves trapped and try to escape, not realizing that the sense of duty of good men like ourselves would keep us here anyway. We will maintain discipline and work as long as we can, and we will see if some miracle cure will come to us, but for now, just make sure no one leaves.”
“Yes, sir.”
Jenkins dismissed the major and then got out of the vehicle. The sprinkler system had run out of liquid. The air smelled like dirt and sweet cloying humidity, the ground covered with a thin layer of mud. His shoes made squelching sounds as he walked across to the armored sedan.
A back door opened, and he slid inside next to the National Security Advisor. The man had an old-fashioned car-telephone handset pressed to his ear.
“Yes, Mister President. One moment please sir. What is it?”
“You have him on the line?”
“Yes, the ultra-wideband repeaters we planted were able to find their way through the rock fall.”
“Good,” Jenkins said. “Put us on speaker, please. Mister President, we have a situation.”
Nineteen minutes later the first B2 Spirit stealth heavy bomber orbiting above them released its special payload. One minute after, a second one did so in California.
A new sun briefly blossomed in the West Virginia mountains. Then another, larger one in Los Angeles. The President came on nationwide television almost immediately, preempting all broadcast channels. He pronounced the falsehood easily in his smooth orator’s voice.
“My fellow Americans: a few minutes ago, terrorists detonated an improvised nuclear device in Los Angeles, California, and another in rural West Virginia. They have attacked a cruise ship in the Atlantic ocean, and all aboard were lost. Hundreds of thousands of our countrymen are dead. There may be more attacks to come. Ladies and gentlemen, we must act now. Therefore, in consultation with, and with the full support and ratification of both houses of Congress, the United States is declared, as of this moment, under martial law.”

***

Vinny Nguyen drove the old jeep through the West Virginia nighttime, northwestward toward Pittsburgh, Cleveland, and eventually Canada, he hoped. He should meet up there with the rest of the community, who had filtered out of the bunker over the last week.
Vinny had dug his way through the last few feet of soft dirt after he had triggered the explosions that sealed Jenkins and his people in, and then wirelessly activated the modern electronic valves that flooded the complex with contaminated fluid. He smiled as he thought about the trap he had laid, and the flawless way his systems functioned.
At least he died happy as blackest night turned to atomic day.



-27-

The video went viral less than an hour after the nuclear explosions. Despite the best efforts of the National Security Agency, US Cyber Command and every other arm of the government, it was posted and reposted to servers all over the world, to social networking pages, to websites and just simply e-mailed to people everywhere.
In the video, Daniel Markis’ face looked at the camera, calm and composed. He smiled briefly, glanced down at his script, and then spoke in a strong, confident voice.
Hello, my fellow homo sapiens. I’m Daniel J. Markis, and I’m here to tell you about a better world.
But before that world arrives, there will be some problems. Your own governments and leaders will try to suppress this video and the knowledge in it. But it won’t work. Information wants to be free.
Then they will try to suppress the miracles. But that won’t work either. The miracles have already been sent to too many places.
You will have heard scattered reports by now of miraculous cures of terminal illnesses, in Central America and Mexico, in Los Angeles, in the US State of Georgia, in Bermuda and many other places. But the miracles are right next door to you now.
Over one thousand packages have been sent by private service to hospitals in a thousand cities around the world. The greatest number were sent to places where poverty and disease is rampant – to places like Calcutta and Mexico City and Rio de Janeiro and Cairo and Cape Town, as well as the great centers of civilization like New York and London and Paris and Moscow and Beijing.
Each package contains a simple bottle of a miracle solution. Less than one milliliter of this liquid will cure anyone injected with it of almost any known disease. You don’t have to take my word for it. Just give that tiny amount to any patient, any person, with a terminal illness, anyone who volunteers. As far as I have been able to tell, it has almost a one hundred percent success rate.
If you run out of the cure, then there is an easy solution. Anyone who has been cured already can pass the cure on through blood or saliva or any other bodily fluid. Once you are confident of its power, all you have to do is pass it on.
If anyone tries to hoard the cure, don’t worry. Don’t do violence. Just seek someone out that has been cured, they can pass it on to you. Share a drink, or a mint. Kiss them if you feel like it. If you are a medical professional, use a syringe or a swab or an inoculation gun. It doesn’t matter. And if it doesn’t work, try it again. Because miracles really do happen.
Good night, good luck, and welcome to a better world.



-28-

Daniel woke up from the nightmare again, the nightmare where he could see the food behind the glass but couldn’t reach it. He stumbled over to the bathroom faucet, drinking cup after cup of water. His dinner was long gone and he couldn’t convince them that he needed more calories. Or maybe they wanted to study him in this state of starvation. He looked in the mirror, seeing a concentration camp victim already.
They came in from time to time in their hazmat suits and took blood or saliva swabs. They did biopsies of his liver and other organs with painful needles; they cut him and watched him heal. Each time he spoke to them, calling them by name if he could, trying to make them see him as human. Eventually they put a leather gag in his mouth.
The promised tortures hadn’t yet materialized; he suspected Jenkins had bigger fish to fry. Daniel just had to make it through day to day.
They had been kind enough, if that was the word, to re-break his bones and straighten him out. They used no anesthetic and they recorded the whole procedure, hooking him up to electrodes and machines. At least they fed him then.
Daniel lay back down, but had a hard time sleeping. Because he was awake, through the thick walls he heard the rattle of bullets ricocheting like marbles in a bathtub, the muffled thuds, the thump of something hitting his locked door, the yelling and screaming faint through the soundproofing. He sat up in bed, waiting for whatever came.
The door swung open abruptly, revealing a tall, thin figure, backlit so Daniel couldn’t see his face, but he knew the posture and the man’s way of moving.
“Have you come to kill me, Skull?”
The cadaverous avenger stepped into the room but left the light off. An MP5 submachine-gun with a long suppressor rested in his hand.
“I ought to. It’s your fault Zeke is dead.”
“How do you figure?”
“If you’d just have gone with them, if you’d never run and asked for Zeke’s help, none of this would have happened.”
“It’s because of me he was alive at all. I put him back together on a Kandahar mountainside, and I killed fourteen Taliban at close range doing it. Maybe ten other guys in the world could have done that, and I paid for it later. I didn’t kill him, Skull. But if it eases your pain, then shoot me now. I’m ready.”
“I’m not going to shoot you. I’d have done that back in the cave if I was going to. Do you have a death wish? Why are you even here? You could have just sent the stuff around the world and escaped. Why did you get yourself captured?”
“Because it seemed like the right thing to do.”
Skull snorted in disbelief.
“Okay, how’s this. Maybe I didn’t want to put all my eggs in one basket. Maybe I wanted to distract them from the real plan, let them think they’d won. Maybe I wanted to provoke them to rash action, which I did. Maybe I deserve to be punished. I did murder Jenkins, and I brought on the death of a couple hundred thousand Angelinos. Maybe the people that have been experimenting on me need to see the truth, despite the lies. Or maybe the world needs a martyr, a symbol to rally around.”
“You really are full of yourself, aren’t you? God damn you and your martyrdom and your symbolism and your sainthood,” Skull snarled. “What’s with people like you? You don’t live in the real world.”
“I live in the world of ideas, because that’s what changes the world.”
“Oh, you make me sick. Get up and come with me. I’m not going to let them win even if you want them to.”
Daniel smiled gently. “The old me would tell you to go to hell, take that weapon from you and do what I promised the last time you had me at gunpoint. The new me…just says no. I’m not coming with you. The new me isn’t afraid anymore. It doesn’t mean I’m a saint. It just means I consider myself already dead, so you can’t scare me. Nobody can. And that scares you.”
Skull cursed him then, words to wound and hurt, but Daniel was beyond the sticks and stones. He wished he could help Skull. He wished Skull would accept the gift, and surrender all that pain and hate and anger. But for some people, that pain and hate and anger is who they are, is all they are, and they can’t give that up.
Skull turned and went away muttering, defeated by Daniel’s refusal to be intimidated. He didn’t kill him, so on some level he must have known Daniel was right.
Daniel understood. He forgave. He was glad, because it meant Skull had a conscience after all.
He was also glad Skull left the door open. Perhaps if he’d been stronger he could have stayed, but Daniel found that given the way out, and the cost of staying, he wasn’t strong enough to remain to be tortured and dissected. Maybe that’s what was supposed to happen. Maybe staying would be the coward’s way out after all. Maybe he had more work to do.
He followed Skull out at a distance, past a sad trail of bodies. It grieved him to see Skull’s killing rage, but as Spooky had once told him, no man can live in another man’s heart.



-29-

Elise looked at her watch, dimly visible in the glow of the hangar’s Exit sign. She glanced for the dozenth time at David Markis. His rejuvenated body had settled in at its optimum physical age, and now he looked for all the world as if he were Daniel’s brother instead of his father. He shook his head at her, shrugged as if he knew what she was thinking.
Pacing up and down, she exchanged quiet greetings with Larry and the dozen others that were still with them. She knew many of the Bunker group had simply flown to Buenos Aires on their own passports. Before he died, Vinny had confirmed that those were not on any watch lists, had not been connected with the fugitives. The rest, who might be taken into custody, were here waiting in a small airfield near Tucson, ready for David to fly them south to safety and freedom.
A half hour later the elder Markis finally spoke up. “We can’t stay much longer. It’s almost dawn, and someone is going to notice us stealing this plane and call the authorities. And we don’t want to have to sneak across the border in daylight. I doubt the Air Force is going to respect Mexican sovereignty if they decide to shoot us down. We have to go.”
Everyone was looking at her. As if I can decide this, she thought. But I am his wife. They want my blessing. They want me to let him go, to absolve them of responsibility. Well, all right. They may still make it. Two highly trained men by themselves might be able to slip across the borders. These people here – civilians, women and children – I can’t risk their freedom for one man.
Even if he is my husband, my heart, my life.
She nodded to David. “You’re right. Come on, let’s go.”
Immediately David Markis clapped his hands. “All right, you heard the lady, load up.” The stairs were already down on the twin-engine turboprop and the people took their places quietly. Elise sat down in the frontmost passenger cabin seat. She ran her hand over the fabric of the cushion next to her, wishing things were different. Wishing he was there.
Larry hit the button that opened the hangar, then ran to shut the fuselage door and take the copilot position. Engines whined to life and David taxied out onto the ramp, turning eastward toward the downwind end of the runway.
As the plane swung through one hundred eighty degrees she heard an exhalation and an exclamation from the cockpit.
“What is it?” she heard David say. “Are we blown?” He pushed the throttles forward and the engines picked up speed.
“I don’t know,” replied Larry. “It’s just one vehicle. No lights. Slow down, man. The Feds wouldn’t come in like this. They’d be all guns blazing and shit. It has to be them!”
David throttled back, but did not brake the plane. The aircraft and the SUV approached each other on opposite courses, the truck speeding down the runway much faster than the turboprop, heading directly toward it.
At the last second it slewed sideways and two men bailed out, waving frantically. David Markis slammed the throttles back to idle, feathered the props and hit the brakes as wild cheering broke out among the passengers.
Elise couldn’t hold back the tears as Spooky and Daniel climbed aboard. Her husband threw himself into her arms and held on as if he’d never let her go. And he won’t, not if I have anything to say about it, she resolved.
As the plane ran down the runway she saw the SUV flash its lights twice in goodbye, then turn and race away across the dusty desert landscape just turning pink in the light of dawn. Goodbye, Skull, she thought. I don’t like you, but right now I love you. I hope I get to thank you sometime.


End of The Eden Plague
Want to read the next book now?
Special Limited Time Offer

Click the link below to sign up for David VanDyke's Exclusive Insiders Group 
and get your FREE copy of the next book in the series - 
Reaper's Run: Plague Wars Series Book 1.
CLICK HERE TO GET STARTED



REAPER'S RUN Excerpt

“Cap’n,” the 40mm gunner abruptly broke in from above, “something’s up.”
Muzik and Repeth turned to look in the direction the private pointed. Around a corner two blocks away came a procession of hundreds of people, perhaps thousands, yelling something and waving signs with anti-government, anti-martial-law slogans. Some pumped fists, and some carried sticks with no signs attached. More kept coming toward them, and some outliers, mostly young men, jumped on cars or kicked over garbage cans.
All the uniforms nearby, whether military or cops, nervously checked their weapons, and moved instinctively out of the mob’s path. “Everyone keep calm,” Captain Muzik called to his troops in a ringing voice. “As long as they are peaceful, do not fire.”
“They don’t look peaceful, sir,” Repeth said as several youths smashed a parked car’s windshield.
“I’m not going to shoot people for a little property damage, Corporal,” Muzik said in a cold voice. “You’d better get inside the Humvee. Lock the doors.”
It stuck in her craw to have to be protected, but she knew he was right. With her legs the way they were, and no weapon, there wasn’t much she could do. She wasn’t sure she could shoot American civilians anyway, unless they were trying to kill someone.
They’re just scared, she told herself. Like me.
“Get on the radio,” Muzik said to her when she had climbed in. “The CEOI is right there with callsigns and frequencies. Tell Battalion what’s happening and we need riot control squads.”
“Roger,” Repeth responded flatly, reaching for the radio handset.
“What?” Captain Muzik shot her an annoyed glance.
“Yes, sir, I got it.” But what’s got him? she wondered.
Repeth saw Muzik shut the armored door and move to the other side of the vehicle, putting it between himself and the mob that had overturned a pick-up truck and now chanted rhythmically, “Kill-the-cops. Kill-the-cops.”
Uh-oh. She tried to reach the next higher headquarters on the frequency listed, but all she could hear was chaos on the nets. She got a brief response, she thought, before someone else stepped on her transmission.
She popped the door on the safer side open enough to yell, “I can’t reach anyone, and it sounds like there are riots breaking out all over. Battalion is swamped.”
“Crap,” Muzik responded, then said louder, “Dammit!” The mob had turned toward them. He drew his sidearm. “Lock the vehicle!”
Repeth immediately did so, checking all the doors and looking up at the private standing in the 40mm cupola. “Better unbuckle, kid. You don’t want to be lashed into position if they roll this vehicle.”
“Hell with that,” he muttered, sweat streaming down his bone-white face. “Hell with that!” he repeated, and without orders, opened fire with his grenade launcher.
“Shit!” Repeth yelled as the weapon’s loud stuttering filled the compartment. “Cease fire, cease fire,” she ordered, hammering with her fist on the man’s leg. He paid no attention, but continued to rake the mob with 40mm grenades.
The first shells did not detonate. Launcher grenades require approximately thirty meters of flight before arming, and the soldier was firing at people closer than that. The heavy cylinders slammed into people, breaking bones and knocking them down, but none exploded.
At first.
Then one lucky shot missed hitting anything or anyone, striking the street sixty meters away, right in the center of the crowd. To Repeth’s surprise, it burst into a cloud of white mist, and the rioters nearby coughed and covered their mouths and noses, eyes and sinuses streaming.
Tear gas. Thank God. I thought he was firing explosive rounds. Other grenades popped, and soon the entire area filled with acrid fumes. Her eyes stung, and she grabbed a protective mask on the seat next to her, putting it on in well under the requisite nine seconds.
It did not matter that the shots were not lethal. Like a living being with one angry mind, the mob gave an inarticulate scream and turned from rioting to killing rage.
Men surrounded the Humvee, and climbed up to beat the struggling, screaming soldier on his perch behind the grenade launcher. Blood spattered into the interior. Repeth could see sticks, rocks and even a machete chopping, chopping.
Grabbing the gunner’s assault rifle racked below, she aimed and fired upward, shooting for arms and legs, trying to drive the mob off the soldier before they killed him. Only when his severed head fell into the interior did she stop. They couldn’t get past his harnessed body to reach her, and the three or four she shot deterred the others for a moment.
Instead she felt the Humvee rocking as the mob sought to overturn it, but the squat, heavy vehicle resisted their efforts at first. If they got coordinated and all on one side, though, they would succeed.

To continue reading REAPER'S RUN check out the Special Limited Time Offer below.
Special Limited Time Offer

Click the link below to sign up for David VanDyke's Exclusive Insiders Group 
and get your FREE copy of the next book in the series - 
Reaper's Run: Plague Wars Series Book 1.
CLICK HERE TO GET STARTED
~ OR ~
 purchase Reaper's Run from your favorite book site.

Books by David VanDyke

Plague Wars: Decade One
The Eden Plague 
Reaper’s Run
Skull’s Shadows
Eden’s Exodus
Apocalypse Austin 
Nearest Night

Plague Wars: Alien Invasion
The Demon Plagues
The Reaper Plague
The Orion Plague
Cyborg Strike
Comes The Destroyer
Forge and Steel

Plague Wars: Stellar Conquest
Starship Conquest
Desolator: Conquest
Tactics of Conquest
Conquest of Earth
Conquest and Empire

Books by D.D. VanDyke
D. D. VanDyke is the Mysteries pen name for fiction author David VanDyke.
California Corwin P.I. Mystery Series
Loose Ends - Book 1
(Includes Off The Leash short story)
In a Bind - Book 2
Slipknot - Book 3
The Girl In The Morgue - Book 4 

For more information visit http://www.davidvandykeauthor.com/

Cover by Jun Ares

