THE WAR OF CIVLAR
By Isuru Abeysinghe
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2009 Isuru Abeysinghe
This free ebook may be copied, distributed, reposted, reprinted and shared, provided it appears in its entirety without alteration, and the reader is not charged to access it.
ISBN: 9781476262529  REV: 2
*****
INTRODUCTION

The year is 2250.
Post holocaust.
Humanity's once expansive civilizations have been laid to waste, a victim of their own innovations, desires and foolhardy concepts of progress. The first cataclysm was an ideological war between factions that, although adhered to largely the same principals and structure, were separated by a rift in mythology and scripture. This was syntax, not semantics. However, those at the top knew that this rift was simply a front, since the real situation concerning mankind then was that of overpopulation and the dwindling of resources. As it was and ever will be politically incorrect to fight wars based on the simple principal of supply and demand, increasing extremism on both sides and the polarizations of the so-called ideologies were pumped to the masses as the sole reason for their respective struggles.
Despite this lack, technology continued to advance on both sides, spurred on by the real and present danger of being subjugated and persecuted should the other side win. Atrocities piled on top of atrocities and a complete ban on communication meant that the separate civilizations eventually no longer considered the other side as human.
However, as to the subject of downfall, the war was not the cause.
To sustain an ever increasing need for resources, scientists had pulled out the safeguards and checkpoints that regulated the progress of technology. Thus, a combination of genetic mutations, caused by medical advances that cured diseases through altering DNA coupled with rouge nano-machines that had also evolved, mechanically as opposed to biologically, wreaked havoc on the balance of nature and toppled human beings from the top of the predatory pyramid on Earth.
Today, the expanses of the globe have been rendered largely uninhabitable. To venture outside of a protected zone, sealed off by the massive infrastructure projects that isolated humans with their own air, food and water (known as the 'Domes') would mean certain death.
But there is still war.
CHAPTER 1: THE INTERROGATION
Eva sat in her prison cell contemplating her outcome. Dressed in plain white overalls, imbued with the latest Civlarian advances in self-cleaning clothes, she had prepared herself for a belligerent onslaught from her captors. To her surprise, her hair had not been cut, nor her personal possessions removed. To this point she felt a glimmer of hope that she would be processed in some fashion akin to humanity – but she didn't really know anything about this place and the people.
Looking around her she noticed her small room was fitted with a television, food dispensers and other facilities. None of that seemed strange, apart from the television. She hadn't turned it on since the time she had been in the room, largely due to a concern against the most powerful tactic that her enemy would now use against her – persuasion. The priests had warned her about the corrupting influences of Civlar, the bribery of human morals, and their eventual implications.
The door opens and a middle aged man appears. Like the guards at the prison itself, he is dressed in outlandish and extravagant attire. At first she thought this would be just another guard but she knew full well that there is no discernible way of determining the rank of Civlarian officials. With a green Mohawk and a leather jacket promoting bizarre symbolized concepts, she could be forgiven for thinking that he was indeed just a guard. However, as he began to speak, it became clear to her that there was more underfoot.
“Well, I suppose you think you are in for an arduous process. I would like to allay your concerns right now regarding this matter,” the man states in an official voice. “I only have a few statements to make to you. A few simple statements. You will then make a decision regarding how you want to proceed with the information I shall impart on you,” he begins.
Eva sat silently, apparently the program of persuasion was about to begin.
“Firstly, let me say that you will not be harmed physically and will not be interfered with sexually. This is a standard statement,” he continues, taking a small swig from a glass of water he had brought with him.
“What's in that, drugs?” Eva asks defiantly. If she was going to be interfered with mentally, she might as well put up the indication that she would start fighting now.
“I assure you that I am at this present time not encumbered by any mind altering substance...” states the man, cut short by Eva's sarcastic laughter. The man is unphased by this, but realized that he will need to change his tactic. For the first time in his career as a military negotiator – time was of the essence.
“Since you have made a gesture that you do not believe that statement that I have made, I will now proceed to empirically prove my point. In you training, you should be aware that the longest lasting of our available recreational substances has a lifespan of three days. I will sit here for three days or until such a time as you are satisfied that I am telling the truth.”
Three days pass with only, sitting, staring, eating and taking toilet breaks.
The man and woman are still in the room. Neither has said a word. Their respectively advanced training allows them to control their minds, their boredoms and desires.
“Fine” Eva remarks with disgust.
“Shall I continue?” the man implores, satisfied that Eva will now be more likely to cooperate. He takes a long, protracted breath and begins his speech:
“Our intelligence has confirmed that you are in possession of some information that could greatly assist our efforts in removing the threat to our sovereignty. I refer obviously to the XYZ-21 prototype encryption algorithm. To put it bluntly, we require you to divulge the coordinates of the laboratory that houses the development team. Naturally, we understand that you are not inclined, providing you profession, and” - he paused to smile wryly - “philosophy, to co-operate with our demands.”
“So you're going to torture me?” Eva says with a hint of fear, feigned to a certain extent based on her desire to draw out the process. She knows that her people were soon going to make use of what she had discovered. After the words escaped her mouth she has realized her supposed mistake. The man had revealed now that the enemy has known of the algorithm, but she also knew that there would be scant evidence linking her with her own discovery. She would need to somehow conceal her reactionary question and play the role of a simple technician which she had professed on capture.
“No”, the man replies succinctly.
“Rape me then?” she snaps. She was half serious; although her knowledge of Civlarian society was rudimentary she knew that it was a place where there were no rules and no morals. While the outburst was again instigated by emotion, she also felt relieved that she had responded in a manner more befitting of a lower ranking individual.
“Although I have the equipment lady, I am not that way inclined,” retorts the man, aiming to be equally provocative but now beginning to show the first signs of frustration.
A short silence falls on the two as the man shuffles papers from briefcase and appears to read from the materials within.
“Here is your choice. Our civil society forbids the application of coercion and torture. We know that it will take at least three additional days to roll out the algorithm and corresponding hardware to your servers. As you might understand, the strategic advantage of having complete information confidentiality from our enemy, while at the same time having our most advanced cyphers capable of being cracked within 72 hours would burden us with a strategic disadvantage that would certainly lose us the war.”
“You are an idiot. You are telling me this?” she laughs. “We knew it was good, but I never thought it was that good... now why in the name of our holy Aesuth would I proceed to divulge this information? And what would make you believe that I am indeed in possession of it?”
At this point, she breaks out into almost uncontrollable laughter, echoing through the room. During this process, the man waits patiently and expressionlessly for her to stop, which, as with all sane people eventually happens.
“Your fabricated concept of Aesuth is of no relevance to this discussion.”
“Then what do you have as leverage? You really must be drug fucked!”
As she swears, her smile dissipated, sorry for the use of foul language.
“I am fully cognizant of the fact that in your warped perception of reality death to you is like some kind of fantasy holiday. Never ending. Therefor to threaten you with death would be the height of futility, and thus illogical. But I assure you, that despite your delusions, the universe does not bend itself to your will, nor to your imaginary friend. Just like me, prisoner, you are a biological machine. Fashioned out of the forces of random permutation and evolution. Life is inevitable, not a miracle, for the universe is infinite and any event, no matter how unlikely, must come to pass against infinite opportunity. This is basic mathematics and I laugh at the premise that a trained mathematician could fail to see this simple fact.”
“Our Aesuth does not observe the rules of your limited and superficial understanding of the universe. He can change whatever he likes,” she responds.
For the first time a different emotion begins to appear of the woman’s face, anger as opposed to contempt. Now she was ready to unleash against the onslaught she had prepared for during her capture and imprisonment.
“Aesuth is a construction of your administration. This fictional entity serves only the purposes of your belligerent and corrupt religion. No, allow me to correct myself. Not your religion but the perverted monsters at the head of it. Men. Endowed with no supernatural powers or abilities apart from that of seducing weak minded idiots into believing fantasies in order to subjugate their will the their sick own bidding!” spurts the man, reciprocating Eva's anger.
Anger, instead of neutrality is not considered good form during negotiations – but once again he is reminded of the time constraints pertaining to this particular problem.
“It is the desire of the criminally insane to exercise control over other human beings - to deprive them of their free will, the only aspect of humanity that is ... in your perverse terminology... “Holy” - and what, may I ask, becomes of such controls? Pain. Pain is the antithesis of all that is right. The pain of dissidents being brutally suppressed. The inequity of your civilization which classifies its inhabitants based on their readiness to suck the cocks of those more powerful than them, deeming subhuman all those that chose to think differently – despite the fact that these poor people do not interfere with your own perception of life but simply want to think on an individual basis. All forms of intelligence are sacred and can't be caged in order to perpetuate your supposed notion of utopia.”
“May I ask a question?” chides Eva sarcastically – now clearly confident that her diversionary tactics would be easily applied to this individual. He seemed to be doing most of the talking and wasting most of the time himself.
“It's a free universe.” the man replies.
“When you give an order to your soldiers, do they not obey? Do they not risk their lives to sustain your own, sick will - And this is the perverted will of a Man – in your own admission. What moral derelict would consider the selfish will of a man to be superior to that of the all mighty and benevolent Aesuth?”
She continues -
“You society relishes in the selfish, the sick pursuit of pleasure. It is the greater part of us to relinquish this urge and serve the greater good. And yet, despite your perceived notions of individual freedoms you will send your men and women to die so that you may sustain your own power. For that you will burn in Hell. Where is your logic now in the face of this glaring contradiction?”
He considers his response for a moment. Her rhetoric was starting to become as he suspected: more advanced than a mere technician. However, this thought also filled him with dread – since if his notion was right then he would have to bring himself to perform an act so contrary to his own beliefs that it made him sick. He certainly hoped that it would not come to that.
“There is no contradiction. While we in our civilization fully appreciate that life is meaningless without pleasure, it is also highly un-pragmatic to act as individuals in every instance. This is especially true when regimented monsters like you are around trying to subjugate all forms of individuality! The men and women who serve for me know that they face death, and therefore a premature termination of their ability to perceive life. But they are faced with a choice; to militarize, follow orders and fight as a group or be enslaved by your own sick kind! They have wives and children who they would prefer not to be raised to perform the automaton like sequences of your theocratic philosophy. They would prefer them not to be tortured into submission. They would prefer them not to be blown up by your suicide bombers, the most sick and deluded of your entire bunch!” he bursts, slamming the table with frustration.
“And we have wives and children that we would prefer not to go to Hell,” came the retort.
To this the man produces a long and protracted sigh, considered defeated by Eva but known to be ominous by the man. Her only psychological hook was Hell – quite standard of the enemy.
“So, you fear Hell? I am actually counting on this....” trails the man, now staring blankly into space.
Puzzled, the woman shoots a glance. This was the first surprising thing she had heard through the process.
“Although it sickens me, your concept of Hell, where a person will suffer perpetually, for a finite amount of crime... and, let's face it, you people use the term very loosely, is something that is not completely devoid of fact. You see, everything you experience is a result of chemical and electrical structures in the biological machine that is your brain and body. While you mythological concept of Hell is a pure fantasy, the idea of invoking it artificially is actually achievable and within the technology that we have today.”
“You said you were not going to torture me,” she replies with a grin – not aware of the gravity of her situation.
“You, unfortunately, are an exceptional case. It's just bad luck, but partly you are to blame for taking the paths that have allowed you, through your complicity of evil and willingness to serve those that propagate it, to become a very regrettable exception to the rule. We have developed the technology to create, well for lack of a better term – ultimate pain. Normally, our previous simulations on bio-synth processors have yielded the same result. The receptors that feel the pain themselves get eaten out, rendering our system unworkable within a couple of days. Our simulations also show that given a maximum resistance quotient, a human being is capable of resisting protected information for about that long and naturally the system becomes less and less effective the longer that it is applied...”
Colonel Thraetium had overseen this project himself. It involved two components – the first was a chemical and electrical stimulation of the brain with a powerful drug – coupled with another potent drug which was a neuroprotector. Although never tested on an actual human being or for that matter an animal, he knew that the science behind it would work. The neuroprotector was a more advanced version of another drug that was used in medicine, mainly to reconstruct the pleasure centers of those citizens that had overindulged... and the bio-synth computers were capable of completely simulating a human brain and its reactions with chemicals. In theory it would work – but he secretly hoped that it didn't.
“So, in effect you plan to deprive me of me free will?” the smile had faded from her face half way through the Colonel's speech. She waited with stony-faced anticipation for reply.
“It is an exception to the rule but although we are benevolent, we must be pragmatic first. Your choice is simple – provide the information willingly, or undergo the procedure. I think I have already established a reputation that I do not lie.”
“And your civil society accepts this action?” Eva spurts with disgust.
“Our civil society does not know.”

CHAPTER 2 - THE CITADEL
While Civlarian society was not aware of the new mechanism, neither were the Aesuthites.
The scene opens in a garden oasis. Uniform buildings litter the skyline and symmetry can be observed in all aspects of the architecture. Calm music permeates the atmosphere, dispensed by discreetly hidden loudspeakers in a network capable of covering the entire Realm. While the land is mostly flat, there is a small area of high ground from which emerges an intricate and magnificent spire. This is the capital city of the Realm; dubbed the Citadel by Aesuthites and Civlarians alike.
“Her tracking signal ends here. May Aesuth protect her!”
The man settles a piece of paper on an ornate desk, encrusted with precious stones arranged into religious symbols of ascending significance. The man sitting behind the desk is dressed piously, nodding his thanks.
As the lieutenant leaves, he hesitates. Although protocol discourages further communications with such a high ranking priest, he is on this occasion overcome by some concern.
“She's going to be alright, isn't she?” the lieutenant asks softly.
The priest is taken aback, but after studying for some small time the sincerity in the lieutenant’s countenance he utters his doctrine approved answer: “Yes”.
The lieutenant leaves satisfied.
High Priest Phillips is highly cognizant of that the fact that XYZ-21 is of grave significance to the plight of his civilization. Under normal circumstances, the Citadel and indeed the Realm would have been a peaceful and tranquil place – and indeed perfect. Today however, tranquility was extremely hard to come by – he was faced with an extremely dangerous situation. His daughter's discovery had elevated him above his caste, an honor that is rarely endowed upon an Aesuthite citizen. In reality, the encryption algorithm would much likely dictate the fate of the war. The unfortunate fact was that after 100 years of conflict, Blaspemoth (which was the commonly used derogatory term for Civlar) and his beloved Realm were still at loggerheads. While the population of the Realm swelled, devoid of the inhuman robotic workers that propped up the Civlarian economy, they were only able to match the capacity of the Civlarian air force and while a land army would certainly overwhelm their feeble population, there was no way for such an army to penetrate the respective Domes of their civilizations.
Normally not a deceitful man, the Priest (being of military role) began to mull over in his mind the outcomes and scenarios pertinent to his problem.
To rescue his daughter would require Special Forces involvement. While it was well established that smuggling suicide bombers into the Blaspemoth was possible, he was fully aware also, that should such forces be detected and captured, the importance of her status and understandings would become known to the enemy. Additionally, the idea of suicide bombers is that they are expendable. While ten get captured, one gets through. The very concept that highly skilled Special Forces personnel would be used such a way would immediately provoke the attention of the highest ranks in the Blaspemoth.
The satellite implant trace had been deactivated on the 7th sector, known traditionally as the location of the prisons. A simple technical engineer would certainly be kept there without any special considerations so he considered that the Special Forces option was not futile.
He recoiled at his selfishness! He knew also the other option, one which has an absolute chance of success – but rendered his daughter to an equally absolute fate: death.
If he were to try and rescue his daughter, a backup plan was necessary.  If the Special Forces were detected, the prison sector would need to be nuked immediately – at a minimum it would take three and at a maximum seven. This was half the nuclear arsenal.  Indeed, the prison sector would be loosely guarded against such an attack, since they would not consider that their enemy would regretfully mass murder their own prisoners of war.
The third option was to destroy the ground target with laser bombing, but this would need to divert so many of their aircraft to that prospective goal the ongoing air war would suffer immensely, leaving his blessed homeland open to an attack that could also destroy the very seat that he was now sitting upon, should the opportunistic heathens see that chance.
Aesuth had provided him, through XYZ-21, dubbed “the Divine Algorithm”, with the very means of ending the war for good and yet had now, through the capture of his daughter, seemingly undermined that very blessing.
“He tests us...” he thought, “or perhaps, me.”
Phillips knew that the High Order would not accept the Special Forces option. It was a risk, whereas Vengeance (the nuclear option) was a certainty. After all, devotion was most holy, yet without pragmatism they would perish.
Overwhelmed by the love of his own daughter, he had now conspired to lie to the High Order about this situation he was aware of.
He would give them a fictitious reason for entering the Blaspemoth, and once inside he would order them to rescue his daughter. If they were detected however, he would simply confess to the situation. He would be executed for treason, but Vengeance would be mobilized.

CHAPTER 3 - THE BAR
“Fuck, I needed that!” drones Colonel Thraetium slowly. He sits back and listens to the background music of the bar, now become predominant over the chatting of the people around him. The music is laden with a heavy deep synthetic guitar which ascends over a subtle yet penetrating melody and thumping baseline.
YOU FUCKING THINK YOU OWN ME!
I OWN MYSELF!
I AM THE GOD OF ME! 
JURISTICTION – ME!
STEP TO THIS AND EAT MY SHIT!
SCATTER YOUR BRAIN WITH MY AJ-12! 
...............IF ONLY YOU HAD SOME ANYWAY!”
Spots of color and fractaline images danced against his eyelids as he closed them.
The smokeless inhalation device had been set to strong, and Colonel Thraetium had felt it almost immediately. His mind finally drifted away into a personal space. However, being a veteran of Pleasurin-12 he was solidified in his belief that he could handle it.
His drifting mind was interrupted by the seemingly echoing voice of his mate and bartender, Peter. As he opens his eyes he sees the bartender smiling at his old friend:
“Go easy, buddy, two people carked it last season!”
Some short silence passed.
“I'm just kidding!” the bartender beamed, “you know we always do it by the stats! This Pleasurin-12 is much better than the Pleasurin-11 too. They identified an allergy that some people suffered from and modified the molecule to make it safe.”
The Colonel was still working his way to the peak.
“Safer.” the bartender corrected after some consideration.
“It’s all relative,” the Colonel smirked, now overcome by an incredible rush.
“So what's got you in a party mood, Colonel?” Peter inquires.
Colonel Thraetium appears now to snap from his experience, but not completely. He composes himself for a long sentence.  “No party friend, in fact quite the opposite. Let's just say I took one for the team. Well, there was something I didn't need to see....”
“She just wouldn't listen. The psych tests said she was sane too.” he thought secretly to himself.
MEANWHILE:
The president sat at his desk, reclined on his seat and with his feet on the table.
His mind was filled with grandeur of a massive victory; soon he would be remembered forever as the greatest president that had ever served the citizens of Civlar.
His thoughts were interrupted by an abrupt knock on the door as his secretary entered the room.
“Sir, the report on the economy is in.”
The president chuckled -
“The economy!? Don't waste my time with such an issue at a time like this! Next you'll be telling me that the toilet is broken.”
“Well, one of our mainframes broke down and...” continued the secretary before he is abruptly cut short.
“So? We are at 98% efficiency instead of 100% efficiency,” stated the president, proceeding next to point out of his window to a man walking in a slow exaggerated stride down the street. A young lady was skipping behind, topless.
“Do you think he cares?”
“Well, no...”
“Then why, in the name of logic – would I care?  The computers control the economy and the robots do all the work - nobody is concerned! Tell me something to be excited about – how about the Ministry of Music? Don't they have any news?”
“Ah... yes. That new song we subsidized is doing great!” replied the secretary.
“Yeah!” bellowed the president. The president then jumped up from his desk, pointing his finger in excitement. “Also a forgone conclusion, dear friend, but much more relevant. You have a lot to learn about politics!”
“I AM THE GOD OF ME!” He started singing badly, and playing an air guitar.
“JURISTICTION – ME!” joined in the secretary, relieved that the economic report was not going to put the president in a bad mood today.
“Now that is money well spent! A robot can't produce art! We'll win the next election for sure!”
“Definitely about the election, our simulations show that that song gives the highest pleasure rating for 93% of surveyed individuals,” reminded the secretary, “You truly are a man of firsts!”
The phone rings to interrupt the revelry - It was the leader of the Opposition.
“G'day mate. I heard what you were doing. If you ask me its lunacy!” came the shrill voice of the opposition leader.
“Nobody is asking you. Check the polls!” laughed the president.
“You are backwards. You want to increase the subsidy on drugs and decrease the subsidy on sex! Our studies have shown that the opposite needs to be done!”
“Drugs distribute pleasure more consistently than sex,” reminded the president, confident in this private yet rhetorical victory against his adversary.
“True - but drugs are costing us a lot in research and development! Sex, on the other hand, well the women figure out the research and development for that themselves... it’s a distributed process, not a centralized one!”
“You would say that!” bellowed the president, placing his palms against the desk and cocking his head to further taunt his opponent, “Being from the Distributed party, you are the party of inefficiency! How much funding did you get from the Prostitutes' Union last year? Remind me again?”
The secretary walks out of the room. This will be a long one.

CHAPTER 4 - WORKERS OF THE REALM
3 years before in the Realm...
Precinct 7 was about as remote a backwater as you could find in the Realm. It was mainly an agricultural region but also scattered with several mineral mines and factories. Indeed, the entire zone was considered remote by standards of the Realm and the populations of precinct 7 were generally of the lower classes, known as the serfs. Whereas the high priests were not inclined to visit such an area, their influence and stronghold over the population was even more repressive here, since the lack of material wealth and education was long established by the higher officials to be a source of rebellion.  While rebel groups were known to the administration, the ongoing war with Civlar meant that such groups were largely allowed to exist, provided that they do not cause any real headaches.
Andrew Petersburg was not a rebel. A small farmer with a meager income, he spent most of his time those days tending the fields, since he was keen to make the bonus on his quota for the wheat he grew. His existence was simple and unencumbered with the problems of administration and planning. That day however his mind was active with the promise of marriage to his girlfriend Joanna. He had already procured the necessary permission from her parents, and although his parents were then dead, he knew that they would be proud of what he was about to embark upon. He also loved Joanna deeply and knew that this love was mutual.
Only two things had stood in the way: making his quota bonus and getting permission from the priests. Of both these requirements he was confident. It was that day that they would visit the office and procure the marriage certificate allowing them to wed.
Eventually, he heard the knock on the door that he had been awaiting – it was Joanna. They greeted each other with an embrace and a kiss. The taxi was waiting across the road and it would be a short journey to the registration office.
During the trip neither Andrew of Joanna said a word. Both their thoughts were transfixed on upcoming events. As the driver pulled into the registration office, they paid him quickly and made their way inside. The line today was not very long and soon they were at the front of the queues. After a small moment of administrative talk with the registrar they were both asked to wait in a private room.
A priest emerges from the door.
“I understand it that you are looking to get married?” he asked cordially.
“Yes, sir.” they both replied simultaneously.
“It says here that you already have the blessing of your respective parents, and I can see that you both have a clean record. However, the State requires only one more thing of you before we can process your application. Have you heard of the 'Divine Nature Analysis' test?” asked the priest.
“I heard of it but I'm not...” replied Joanna, cut short by the priest’s continuation.
“That's alright. What we will need to do for the Divine Nature Analysis is take a sample of each of your blood, for imbued within is the records of your deeds – good and evil,” he said producing a small syringe.
They both gave a blood sample and waited patiently for the result.
At the laboratory section of the office, the priest sat waiting for the technician to produce the result. As she burst into slight laughter the priest interjected: “What is the source of your amusement?”
The technician snapped back into sensible countenance.
“Well, the woman is normal, 50% chance of triplets. But the man...well he's almost infertile.” said the technician. “In fact it shows here that there is only a 1/1000 chance of pregnancy, even with such a fertile female.”
“I see,” stated the priest.
As the priest entered the waiting room Andrew and Joanna notice the stern look on his face.
“I am afraid that the Realm is unable to accept your application,” he stated, “It appears that there has been some evil on the Andrew's side – the evil is clearly visible. At this point I am required to issue the following warning – do not attempt to marry or engage in any extramarital activities. Any such conduct, apart from being an affront to the State and Aesuth himself can also result in severe and tangible repercussions to your own respective health. I warn you now that premarital sex will cause AIDS, which is the highest incitement of Aesuth's disgust. It is a disease of the soul that will cause painful death.”
The pair sat sobbing in their seats. Andrew's mind raced as he tried to make sense of this. What possible evil could he have committed to have the most important thing in his life ripped away from him?
They both left the registration office trembling. They would have to walk back home now, since the taxi was only a luxury necessitated to keep their clothes clean for the office. It was a long walk and as with the taxi ride there they did not say a word to each other but for an obviously different set of circumstances.
Because they felt thirsty and tired from their walk, and also their ordeal, Andrew and Joanna headed into a local shop. After purchasing some juice they both sit down and finally start to talk about their situation.
“I didn't do anything, Joanna,” Andrew stated in a hushed whisper. Joanna couldn't look him in the eye, but manages to show a sign of empathy on her face. “The test can't be wrong; we better not see each other anymore.”
Without words, they both implicitly agree to one last kiss. They didn't notice the shopkeeper's sideways glance and hasty retraction.
Andrew sat alone in his living room defeated beyond belief. He needed to talk to somebody about the events, but to admit to failing the Divine Nature Analysis test would certainly have destroyed his reputation amongst the men. Of all his friends, David seemed like the best option to relieve himself of this burden, since it was almost commonly agreed that David himself was slightly on the erratic side. He heads onto the street and dispatches a local child to retrieve David.
David arrived within moments, aware of the fact that it would have been a big day for Andrew and something might have gone wrong that required his help. As he entered and saw the sullen expression on Andrew's face, David knew that this was more than a simple administrative bungle or the need to borrow some item. While the events of the day were slowly explained to David, he showed a remarkable tolerance and understanding – quite unlike the smart-arse attitudes that he was normally infamous for.
“They are full of shit,” David states bluntly, “You've done nothing wrong.”
Crude as it were, this came as some consolation to Andrew. At least one of his friends now understood his situation. As David excused himself to use to toilet, Andrew heard another knock on the door. He walked slowly and opened it. With some shock and surprise he found the priest standing officially at the entrance.
“It was a mistake” - the first thing that came to Andrew's mind. Unfortunately, it was no mistake, there was worse to come as the priest stepped into the hallway.
“We know you have been having pre-marital sex, Andrew,” the priest announced bluntly. As Andrew readied himself for a rigorous defense of this claim, the priest continued abruptly, “it's a forgone conclusion; you can't undo the damage you have caused. However, there is still one option available to you, although it is not guaranteed to be effective.”
The priest produced a small syringe. “This is your only chance, young man. To avoid AIDS and the languishing death it causes, I will need to administer this.”
Andrew held out his arm.
“It is not guaranteed to be effective, but it's your only choice...”
With a crash the priest was sent hurtling to the ground, rendered unconscious by David's thrust chair.
David was a dissident, and he was one of the few serfs who were aware of the needle's implication. A furious yet brief explanation was quickly rendered to Andrew, who although in a state of shock, acknowledges that the implications contained therein were consistent with what had transpired.
What followed was a hasty sprint to Joanna's house.
As the heaving, sweating men appeared to her doorstep, Joanna was less than delighted. After a hasty explanation, Joanna was still resisting the concept.
“It's the AIDS Joanna; you must not let the priests get you!” Andrew implored.
“No, Andrew, it's you. I didn't believe it before but now I see why the test went bad!” she cried.
David interjected with a cunning plan. He would hide in the house, and should the priest arrive and render the same deception upon Joanna, she would know that they had been telling the truth and then he would intervene to stop the injection. Andrew was ordered to hide in a nearby field and not let his self be seen until the situation was determined. Although disgusted by the deception, Joanna agreed that logically the plan made sense. She had always been a virgin and there would be no way that the priests  could make such a mistake.
The priest did arrive, this time accompanied by a single police officer with a small firearm. The gash across his face was clearly evident but now cleaned up and bandaged. Joanna's distraught state was no surprise to the priest, considering the test result and his suspicions of vice. As he started his speech, Joanna instantly realized that her fiancée was telling the truth. She continued acting, admitting guilt to the sex claim. As the priest put his hand in his pocket to produce the syringe, David's quick response caught the police officer by surprise. The officer only managed to raise his weapon half-way before David’s swift hand caught a hold of it. His other hand, armed with knife, was thrust immediately at the jugular vein. The officer continued to struggle and spurt and gargle, but the wound was draining him of his energy quickly and he was soon dead. Joanna meanwhile kicks the table over and sends the priest crashing to the floor, pinned down by the table and destined for the same fate as the officer.

CHAPTER 5 - REST AND RELAXATION
Flight official Pliss had only finished the academy a month ago. As customary, he had been partying ever since, knowing full well that the statistical odds of being killed in first combat were a staggering ten percent.
Pliss, a single man, was only twenty-one and is currently without a partner. Although he wanted children and a family, not only for the fulfillment of having a child to love and bring up, but also for the standard, though less charitable, reasons in Civlar: from a social perspective he did not want to be seen as an evolutionary failure. Pliss can't be said to be too unattractive, but his intensive studies and habits have always conflicted with his search for a girlfriend, although he did have a couple to his record.
Today, he decided to try something different.
After having a shower and putting on some fine garments, he heads out to the public transport hub to take a ride to the red light area. As he has only just graduated from the academy and not yet earned any real money from actual combat missions, he currently relies on the public system to get around.
While he is making his way out, he runs into one of his close friends, Amy. He thinks this might be the perfect time to boast about the night of debauchery he has planned.
“Do you have private sex insurance?” asks Amy.
“No, I didn't think I'd need it,” confessed Pliss anxious to hide his feelings of failure.
Giggling, Amy reminds Pliss that the government rebate from the Department of Fun is about to be downgraded soon, so he picked the right time to do what he was doing. “Cheap as chips! But – the drugs are at full rates...now if you had private, you could really afford to kick on!”
“Maybe I should get my own!” he joked, knowing full well that only the government was allowed to run the brothels. A few corruption scandals a dozen or so year back had solidified that arrangement, although it was not normally in the philosophy of the government to stifle free enterprise.
As the shuttle stops at the red light zone, Pliss begins to make his way through the maze of partygoers and buildings. It is hard work, since many now had taken copious quantities of Pleasurin, Cruise or Love and was inclined to hug him at random, or stop him to ask meaningless questions. He is almost exhausted when he gets to the brothel, which he had considered to be the classiest based on its outward appearance and reputation.
He enters through the door from the rowdy atmosphere of the street into a calm and relaxed surrounding, air conditioned and scented with mellow music playing in the background. He had already spent the day preparing his conversational technique and topics with the prostitute, since the sex would only be a small portion of the allotted time. He doesn't really have anything much to discuss however, since his life was rather dull as a student and he didn't really know about much else. The only real question that came to mind was something he thought rather rude – particularly, why would this woman, whom like all men, being trained to a minimum of Class-15a level - chose to become a prostitute as opposed to a doctor or technician. “I doubt she would take offense if I asked,” he thought. After all, simple insult is not a persecution crime and he was truly curious.
After some small distracted absence, the receptionist sees him and smiles.
“How are you today?” she asks.
“Good” he replies succinctly.
“How long are you planning to stay tonight? 3 or 5 hours? And how many women would you like? Or would you prefer men?” asks the receptionist, standard questions as they were.
“No” he laughed, “just one woman will suffice!” exclaims Pliss.
“Well, you're easy to please! Since your order is so small, you won't have to wait long. May I ask if you are privately insured?”
“No.”
“In that case, would you prefer a government prostitute or a contractor? Although, they can be a bit pricey.”
The receptionist stands up, leaned over the desk and whispers in his ear: “If you ask me, they are all equally hot, it’s just, you know, those 'status types' that always go for the contractors. What do you do for a living? I bet it's with the government, or still studying? At your age you must be advanced!”
“Air force”, he replies proudly. She looks impressed. “In that case, let me make some adjustments. We usually don't let Veronica with anybody new to our brothel, but she really has a thing for military men.”
“Great! While you are waiting, what drugs are you after? Unfortunately, without private insurance...”
“Full rate, I know. How about some Pleasurin-12!” requests Pliss, being the standard drug of choice in Civlar.
“Sir, studies indicate that Pleasurin-12 increases sexual stimulation and enjoyment by only 200%. You really should try the new Luxlar; it has a minimum increase of 500%. Trust me, you can handle it! Actually, forget the payment, I'll shout you one! I just want you to enjoy yourself!”
“That's very kind of you!” he exclaims, wondering whether he would prefer the receptionist instead, but quickly corrected his thoughts. That's not her job.
“I'll put you in for 3 hours”, she grins. “When you go into combat, ice some fundies for me!” said the receptionist, handing over some small triangle shaped pills.
Sitting in the room, the effects of the Luxlar slowly started to envelop. At even the slightest thought of what was about to happen to him, his erection would start to rise, almost too fast to be comfortable. “I hope I'm not too fast....” he murmured nervously.
“You can be as fast or slow as you want to be,” chimes a gentle voice from across the room. “Luxlar is like that.”
She strode over and sat by the bed. “Talk or sex first?” she asked.
Despite the effects of the Luxlar, Pliss was still curious about his previous question that had come to mind. “Err... not much talk, but I'm just wondering...” he starts.
“Freedom of Information is a law, right and duty.” she beamed comically.
“Uh... well, I suppose you would be, like...Class-15?” Pliss continues.
“No, I am Class-17 actually,” Veronica responds.
Embarrassed, Pliss makes a hasty apology, “Wow, that's a whole class above me!”
“You are wondering why I do this, don't you?” she smiled, “I think that question is rhetorical, since we Class-17 are highly perceptive. There's no intricate philosophy to it, friend. I like sex.” she said with a fixed gaze. She wasn't really angry; she was just playing with him. Veronica found it was always entertaining to get her client slightly nervous.
“But so many men?” Pliss asks softly. “Yes”, she whispered, her eyes glazing over with affection, “so many men.” Pliss began to consider this perspective, but was interrupted by the commencement of a blow job. They were right, she was good.
Pliss woke up in a haze of satisfaction. Veronica was already awake and sipping on a coffee. “Did you like my uniform?” she asks.
“Well, it's a bit strange, but I'm certain it was effective...” is Pliss' drowsy reply.
Then waking himself further, he thinks now that this was not just a rhetorical question.
“It's a lot more, conservative, than I would have imagined. You look like...” he stopped short.
“A Zealot?” Veronica inquired with excitement.
“Apart from the high heels and stockings!” he laughs.
“I thought you'd like it, being a military man,” said Veronica.
This was a confusing concept to Pliss and he knew that she intended it to be.
Feeling bold, possibly by the experience, he jokes - “I'm not a rapist!”
“I didn't imply that you were! Perhaps you had managed to 'reform' me – did you ever consider that?”
“Hence the heels!” he says with complete understanding,

CHAPTER 6 - FLIGHT QF-204
“Airbus QF-204 if ready for departure,” the loudspeakers announce cheerily.
Nancy looks around at her fellow passengers that now made their way casually towards the aircraft. Unlike the regular crowd, this particular flight was full of lawyers, psychiatrists, various specialists and technicians. Very apt, considering that this was not a 'regular' destination.
Their aircraft, the UI-9, was considered small by conventional standards. This added further to the feelings of trepidation now welling up inside her. However, she knew that she needed to visit her grandson and this was the only way in which to accomplish that goal.
As with all airports in Civlar, there were no immigration or customs and Nancy thankfully found herself seated in the comfort of the cabin within moments. She heard the doors closing and compressing, the engines firing up and then the slight shudder of the fuselage as the craft began to hover its way to the top of the Dome. They proceed slowly towards the airlock. As the great gates crash behind them, the external gates open, and the craft accelerates out into the polluted Earth. She looks back at the 10 turrets towering above the dome as they slowly disappear into the distance.
She clasps her hands and produces a long sigh. This is noticed by a flight attendant who promptly walks over to attend to the comfort of her passenger. She's seen this kind of thing before, and she knows exactly what to say.
“You need not worry, madam, our aircraft is made out of the same materials as the Dome itself – and you don't seen and viruses of Nanos in there do you?” she smiles.
“I know my fear is illogical,” Nancy chuckled, “but I'm still scared.”
The rest of the 2 hour flight to the outskirts of Civlar would be quite enjoyable. Although she had passed her prime with respects to enjoying the in-flight benefits and partying she did manage to have a few conversations with the fellow passengers and watch half of a movie.
Towards the latter part of the flight, something strange started to happen. She had noticed the worried expressions on the faces of several flight attendants and some hasty scampering by the crew. Immediately her previous paranoia returned to her and she called upon an attendant to explain what is happening.
“What's going on?” Nancy whispers.
“There is a lady who had fallen asleep and ... she isn't waking up.”
“That's bizarre, will she be alright.”
“Of course – our medics are looking into it as we speak.”
After some minutes, the commotion appears to end. Curious to discover the conclusion, Nancy steps up and walks towards the front of the aircraft and begins to make inquiries. Being slightly nosy was one of the benefits of being elderly.
“Heroin overdose, would you believe?” laughs the attendant.
Heroin?
“Yes, it struck us by surprise too. The medics thought their equipment was defective – but the auxiliary tests confirmed it. She's awake now; we gave her some revival drugs.” She pointed at a drowsy looking woman sitting near the front row.
Although heroin was not illegal, it is considered to be crude beyond belief. Nobody uses it. It seemed extremely odd – no doubt the TV crews would be waiting upon landing to put it on the “Darwin Files”. Perhaps she’d get some prize money, if people thought it was the funniest of the season.
“What happened?” Nancy asks quietly to the female passenger.
“Ahhh... I'm not sure, I fell asleep. But, I didn't take any heroin! I think there might be a rapist on board....”
“Terrible!”
“Yes, the police have been notified at our destination, but just keep it between ourselves. The best chance of capture is to let him think he's not been detected,” informed the flight attendant overhearing the conversation.
“Well, he's chosen the right destination, hasn't he?” exclaimed another flight attendant.
They reached their destination.
The procedure for entering the other Dome would be quite different from leaving the previous one. Again, a set of airlocks were involved, but this time two turrets were poised directly at the aircraft. The decontamination process had started. While the air outside started to glow hot, the windows closed to save the passengers from the blinding light. The process took three minutes and the air started to return to normal. The viewing windows opened again, now that the blinding light of the decontamination mechanism had been removed.
“Scanning for contaminants,” announced the pilot.
Everybody groaned. It took longer to scan for contaminants than the flight had taken. Every atom inside the aircraft was analyzed by the remote scanners at the airport. All the time, the turrets remain fixed on the aircraft.
Back at her own seat, Nancy sees that the woman in front of her now looked nervous. She was wearing horns on her head and was quite young and fit. She is glad that it was not just the elderly that was afraid of flying.

CHAPTER 7 - WORKERS OF THE REALM PART II
3 years ago in the Realm...
Sitting in the basement together, they were both shocked at their position. David had managed to find them accommodation in a basement, one that had been built without the approval of the planning committees and was owned by a dissident friend. The heavy built man, Gregory Smite was on the surface a regular miner, complete with scruffy beard and hair, but like their newly discovered awareness of David, he was in fact somewhat of a leader amongst the small group, yet unnamed, of theological separatists operating in Precinct 7. The house was empty then, as Gregory had already gone to work for the midnight shift, however both Joanna and Andrew were not inclined to investigate above since they knew of the dire consequences of being discovered, particularly at this sensitive time.
Indeed they were prisoners of their own circumstances and although the basement was fitted with basic amenities, they knew that the boredom and desire for freedom would soon overcome them. How long should they wait? A week? Two? Could they go outside if they were disguised appropriately?
Andrew looked around. In this area was a small bookshelf full of books, a toilet room, a small pantry for food, various items which had been stored haphazardly as well as strange vats and bottles aside one of the walls. Of these, the vats were certainly the cause for most curiosity since neither of them could read. Their minds ran with speculation about their contents. Perhaps they were explosives of some kind or a makeshift setup to store fresh water in the event of an extended period of civil unrest?
Joanna was first in inspecting the vats. She picked up the bottles and inspected them by sight and smell – it was definitely some kind of chemical. The other vat she proclaimed was full of air since there was no discernible smells being emitted. Soon they were both deliberating about the contents of the first vat.
“It smells...like some kind of solvent,” commented Andrew.
“Then why put them in bottles? Who needs to dissolve anything so much?” queried Joanna.
Then they discovered something that put light on the whole subject. A small glass nearby was also laced with the same strange odor, a clear implication that the substance was for drinking. They both concluded that it must be alcohol now. Alcohol was a known poison which was almost certain to cause death upon consumption. A suicide pact was silently brewing in both their minds, after all they were not going to fit in with their new landlords and even if they did their lives would certainly be boring beyond the extreme. They both looked at each other with an expression of guilt and anxiousness and they knew that their thoughts were aligned.
“Look,” said Joanna, “There's nothing for us anymore, and we should take this and end it now.”
Andrew nodded his consent. He picked up a bottle, opened it, and began to swallow the contents. He felt the sharp sting slide down his throat and the bitterness well upon his tongue.
“I feel warm,” he announced.
Joanna now started to join in, taking swig after swig against her friction point of nausea. Within moments they were both perilously drunk. Their moods had indeed changed and it wasn't long until another forbidden concept started to emerge as a satisfactory alternative to suicide. After all, the house was empty above them.
What followed was a frenzy of hasty yet clumsy removal of clothes, kissing, fondling and then sex.
As the morning dawned, they were both slightly intoxicated. Andrew had managed to put his shirt on backwards which was a cause for much amusement for Joanna. With a rapt on the trapdoor, George entered with some breakfast and was equally amused by the state of his guests.
“I see you have made avail of my refreshments, I won't begrudge you that!” he chuckled while placing the meals upon the pantry.
“What's the other vat?” slur's Joanna.
“Nitrous Oxide!” boasts George, complete with a grin and a stroke of his beard.
“What exactly is nitrous oxide?” Andrew asked - his crackled words forced out through a haze of hangover and headache.
“It's better than the alcohol, that's what it is!”
“By Aesuth! You work in a mine, don't you? How do you pass the weekly drug tests?”
“You will find, my dear, that it is quite undetectable.”
George explains that he works in a zinc mine and while stealing would be punishable by death under normal circumstances, he “accidentally” brings home enough zinc filings on his work clothes to make the nitrous, coupled with nitric acid from the batteries that his mine throws away. All this he had learnt from a rudimentary book about ancient medicine.
While they eat their breakfast, Joanna eagerly, and Andrew with extreme care, their belated host commences to pump some N2O from the vat into a couple of party balloons. Soon they all had balloons in their hand and were inhaling the sweet contents.
“You're right...” drifts Joanna, “that's better than” - she is cut short by a lapse into unconsciousness.
Andrew on the other hand finds not only the extreme rush of the oxide but also relief from the hangover symptoms, a technicality he deliberates upon which he is most thankful for.
George, on the other hand, continues to clean up around himself, the only indicator a massive grim appearing intermittently as he works.
After eating breakfast, Andrew makes some further inquiries about the books.
Karl Marx, The Holy Bible, My First ABC, Goldilocks, A Clockwork Orange, The Satanic Verses, The History of Medicine Edition 2, The Theory of Relativity Explained, Mechanical Engineering Unit 1...
“I found them in a locked case underground while I was building this basement. For what reason I am not sure, somebody had felt the need to preserve them underground – not deep enough to have been detected by the subterranean layer of the Dome. They are from the 20th Century as far as I can tell. At first, my friend, I had the same problems as you, but you will find that one of the books is actually some kind of explanation of the system of symbols they used to write with. Perhaps it was intended for children – in any case after many successive nights of examination I had managed to learn how to read and I am quite happy to teach you everything I know.”
They both agree that this would be very nice of him.
2 months had then passed.
The scene opens again at the basement. Seven people crowd around, sharing alcohol and nitrous. This was a meeting of the Precinct 7 Dissidents. At that moment the group officially includes George, Paul, Sam, David and Tom.
The night was devoted to rambling conversations concerning what they had learnt – electricity, addition, new words, philosophical concepts.
Andrew placed the 'Holy Bible' upon the makeshift table and points to a page.
“You see that,” he stated with amusement, “it must be a mistake – there are three zeros. Surely they mean a hundred?”
“No my friend,” interjected Sam, a slim and slightly nervous looking man, “That's a thousand. I have seen enough quota registers to have figured out that system of numbering...to an extent.”
Andrew looked puzzled.
“It’s ten lots of a hundred, that's the simplest way I can explain it.”
“So what is the greatest number?” Joanna asked boldly.
“I've been looking for that one everywhere,” George stated, pointing at the bookshelf. “Perhaps there is no greatest... maybe it just goes on forever.”
“Like the Sun.”
“On another topic,” Andrew queried, “is there any chance of getting out of here? It’s been 8 weeks now; perhaps the priests have stopped looking?”
“It's not just you that you should be concerned about, friend, if you ever get captured they will extract the information about our group upon torture, then we are all doomed,” George expressed in a hushed tone of empathy.
“Just wait a moment,” interjects Tom, “How do you feel about joining us on a mission? You see, being fugitives does not preclude you from covert activities, since it is all our collective ambitions to go undetected.”
Although he talked in a sophisticate’s style, this new man's meaning was quite clear to both.
“Yes!” they both burst together in a kind of hushed shout, “What are we going to do?”
“There is a train that we are planning to derail. It is a military supply train.”
“That sounds futile,” Andrew stated bluntly, “The military have plenty of supplies.”
“Yes, but we don't.” Paul explained.
Without access to explosives, derailing the trail would be a hit and miss affair. They had already found the right spot however, a section of track that intersects the two Precincts that was uninhabited grassland, with some small section of forest for cover. With some luck, there would be a boulder or some kind of obstruction they could use for the derailment. Under cover of darkness, the group needed to make their way there but were not inclined to take one of their own vehicles, firstly because it was too small and secondly due to the risk of detection.
David and George were assigned to commandeer an appropriate vehicle. After walking a few blocks away from their respective houses, they waited patiently for an ambush opportunity. David had his trusty knife and George was armed with a crowbar. They watched taxis buzz past intermittently but after several hours they heard the distinctive sound of what could only be a truck.
George hastily rushed from their position towards the road and began to lie down, feigning unconsciousness. As the truck emerged from the crest of the hill it hit the brakes, screeching to a halt. The driver emerged from the cabin and started stepping towards the stricken man he could see on the road, his outline a blurry contrast against the headlights and the mist.
As he bent over to inspect he received a swift blow to the head with a small rock, rendered by David, and with a small gasp he then passed out. The body of the unfortunate truck driver was then dragged and placed on the side of the road. They made their way back to the house to retrieve the others. Their first objective had been accomplished.
Moments later they were all making their way to the paddock. As they arrived at the location, George quickly gets out and David is given the wheel – he would be in charge of hiding the truck somehow, ensuring that the robbery and the action they were about to embark upon couldn't be linked by the authorities. Later he should arrive to retrieve his friends and whatever bounty they had managed to procure.
Six figures rushed through the pitch darkness across the field and towards the forest which due to some immense luck was then adjacent to the railroad tracks. They had needed to wait for hours for the train. George had spent the previous night studying the position of the moon and was sure he could now approximate the 4am by which the trail was anticipated to be passing by. Meanwhile Andrew and Joanna were sent to scout for an appropriate boulder to carry onto the track – large enough for a derailment but small enough that 6 men could carry it without too much difficulty.
They waited in the silence. After a few moments, Joanna returns and motions towards a direction.
“There's a good one there.” she whispers.
They all scurried towards Andrew and proceeded to pick up the boulder with some difficulty. With muffled grunts they carried it slowly towards the edge of the forest section, about 5 meters from the track.
“Let's put it on now,” Andrew implored.
“How fast do you think you can carry this thing? The train will stop if it sees the boulder,” reminds George, “we've got to put it on just in time.”
“And alert all the guards on the train? Its suicide!” snaps Tom.
To this, Joanna proceeds to take off her coat. It is navy blue and specifically chosen to blend in with the night. “Look, this will cover the front section of that boulder since it's longer than it is high...hopefully it might just look like an abandoned coat.”
Clearly this was the best plan on offer. After moving the boulder to its appropriate position on the track, dressed in a navy blue overcoat they scurried back to their hiding place. Andrew cuddled Joanna who was now shivering against the night air.
More hours passed.
Finally, the train's approach could be heard. All members of the group waited with anticipation as the single glaring beam got closer. It rushed past and with a massive clap and a spray of sparks the boulder was decimated - but not before causing the engine to tilt and wobble dramatically, emitting the sound of flexing metal all across the paddock. A wheel came loose and the carriage jack-knifed across the tracks, the drag of which caused the engine to finally come free from the tracks several dozen meters later and begin to slide down the embankment.
The dust cleared to depict the train engine now stranded on an embankment. While most of the carriages remained largely intact there was one carriage that had split open – enough to facilitate entry without opening the locked doors. It was clear then that this carriage would be their only viable target for theft. It was almost certain that there would be guards on the train and although they were likely to be injured by the collision it would not be long until some armed opponent would be inspecting the scene.
They rush for the cabin and hurl themselves inside.
Machine Guns! Grenades!
“Everybody take a machine gun!” George instructed.
Andrew was about to grab his gun when he noticed something else. It was a large rectangular case which had caught his eye due to its shiny metallic color that gleamed in the moonlight. He picked up the case.
“What are you doing? Take a fucking gun!” George snapped – but they then hear some noises coming from the front of the train. “Let's get out of here!”
They sprint back to a hiding place in the forest and take a defensive position barricaded behind a fallen log. The next stage would be to pass undetected back to the road and wait for David to return.
“I'm in trouble!” gasped Sam after the sprint, “I've done my ankle in.”
“Shit! We've got to get out of here; David should be at the road doing laps by now!” George growled.
“Look, I can crawl but I can't run. I know we can't wait that long, just leave me with my gun and we'll see what happens.”
They all agree they need to make a run for it immediately. After a hug and a slap on the back, Sam is left behind to crawl slowly towards the road while the rest of the group bounded through the grasslands, weapons in hand.
They collapse at the edge of the grasslands exhausted. The familiar grumble of David's stolen truck could then be heard in the distance.
They had made it.
Back in George’s basement the group, minus David who was now disposing of the truck, inspects their loot. 5 machine guns, 2 grenades – and that 'stupid' case. Andrew had not been able to overcome his fascination with it and the group all looked at him in disgust over this lack of discipline.
Andrew was ashamed.
“Let's at least see what's inside it!” Joanna chirped cheerfully to break the mood.
George produced his crowbar and began to pry open the case. As they opened it they were presented with two spherical metallic balls.
“What the hell is that?”
“Look there's a manual.”
Suicide Bomber Kit SBK-801.
“We need to look at this later. We should check the news on the radio to see what the authorities have discovered,” George stated somberly, “Sorry Andrew and Joanna, we'll be going upstairs now. Maybe we will find out what happened to poor Sam.”
In the study room the remaining men listen to the radio.
“...The news reports that in Precinct 6, a man in a stolen taxi car with a machine gun has been going on a rampage. Several officials have been killed during the spree until the offender was eventually killed early this morning. This action seems to be related to a terrorist action against a military supply train which also happened last night and believed to be the source of the weapon.”
The husky voice of the chief of police followed:
“This is indeed the work of our great enemy – Blaspemoth! We all knew it would only be a matter of time, until their warped ideas started seducing our own people and bringing forth actions such as this one. In response to this outrage we are conducting a complete audit on Precinct 6! All citizens will be rounded up and interrogated, their premises searched... ”
“Ha!” boomed Tom, “Did you hear that – Precinct 6, we are in Precinct 7! That Sam was a clever bugger!”
“True,” replies George grimly, “but we have signed the death warrant of any alcohol maker in Precinct 6. We're going to have to lay low for a long time after this one.”

CHAPTER 8 – COMBAT
“Welcome!” booms the instructor. “I am flight lieutenant Yaver. I see that many of you here today are new, which is not surprising since that party season has ended!”
Yaver continues -
“It has been designated that you will all be serving on fighter squadron G14. Now, I don't know how much money you'd all have left after the party season, but if you are indeed capable of producing the funds, I remind all the new members that the engineering department will be open from 9am to12am and taking orders for any modification you wish to make on your stock standard X-11 fighters. If, however, you are unable to avail yourselves of this, don't be too sad – the X11 fighters have actually been designed to maximum efficiency in their standard form the government. Obviously, these base models are provided free of charge – otherwise we would not have an air force to fight with!”
“Why would we want to modify a design that is already perfect?” asks Pliss.
“An excellent question, recruit! There are only three sane reasons to modify the standard X11 – Deception, Intimidation and because it’s Cool! Deception is a great theme in Evolution. From the Plant and Animal kingdom, deception can be seen all around us. From a military perceptive, I will give an example from my own record. My X11, dear fellow is equipped with the RJ-46 assault cannon as opposed to an RJ-45. It is lighter but has a tad more range than the 45...”
“That sounds like an advantage!” exclaims Pliss, wondering if he should install his own 46.
“That is not the advantage young friend. Like I stated if you were listening, the fighters are already designed for peak effectiveness and the RJ-46 does not do as much damage as a 45.”
Loving to trumpet his own innovation, Yaver pauses to construct a grin.
“What I often do, is fly 2% slower than I could possibly fly intentionally when approaching the enemy. You see, this matches the top speed of a fighter equipped with an RJ-45. Many enemy pilots are not keen to do a lengthy ordnance scan on every approaching fighter, simply because it is much faster to scan the first fighter in a formation – or scan one at random if they are slightly more clever. This gives me a 100m range advantage, which is approximately 5 seconds, in which to damage or destroy an approaching fighter, then quickly accelerate back to full throttle once the dogfight starts. Some pilots chose to take the alternative approach: intimidation. They will pack as many heavy guns as they can, within reason, onto their vehicles. Some install arbitrary devices that protrude a guttural sound, which, although giving away the position slightly, has been formulated to stimulate primal intimidation in the enemy fighters. You see, friends, the military is an art as well as a science!”
Everybody nodded that this was impressive. Pliss decided that he needed the guttural sound but preferred the normal weapons. He had also decided on some colors, and a large logo saying “Alcohol is great!” across the front section of his vehicle.
During an intermission, the crew hastily compares notes on what they reasoned would be the best designs for their respective aircraft, knowing obviously that deviating too much was suicidal, since the government had already determined peak efficiency.
“Alcohol is great!” blurts Pliss, during a lull in the conversation.
Everyone laughs. “That's going to be written on my front section,” he explains.
“Do you like alcohol?” asks a bewildered female recruit next to him. She knew there should be a good answer, but the curiosity was killing her. Also, there was a possibility that he was a reformed prisoner. She had heard from his sister in the prison precinct that they would assist the captured soldiers by offering them wine and champagne – since the grape had been extinct from the Realm for hundreds of years - just to show them the diversity of nature and the beauty of their civilization in preserving it.
“What do I look like, a cave man?” he quipped. “Alcohol is illegal in those fascist places we are attacking, but some people still make it. It is one of the few drugs that their rudimentary society is capable of producing!”
“Now that's fucking with their heads!!” she said devilishly.
“It makes sense...” interrupted another recruit, “their sermons make me nauseous so it follows to reason that they should consume a drug that produces that same effect!”
“Speaking of retro,” continued the young lady, “do you like my tongue piercing?”
She extended her tongue as far as it could go and danced it around provocatively.
“Yeah, I don't mind a bit of retro...” Pliss replies slyly.
Pliss is distracted about the piercing intermittently for the most of the briefing. He likes this girl. Maybe, he thinks, he should pierce his ears! Hell no, how conformist, that would surely turn her off! There's nothing worse than a “follower” for making friends or even worse, lovers.
Desperate for some creativity, he decides for a quick one at the bar. Upon arriving there, he is shocked to see that Pleasurin-12 is at full price. Immediately his thoughts turned to hatred for the incumbent government. “Reducing the subsidy perhaps, but removing it entirely!” he thinks.
Seeing his mortified expression, the bartender smiles. Pliss knows that he is now mistaken somehow, since a bartender would never smile at such a concept. Now, like the girl, he is overcome by suspense.
“You sick bastard!” he says, doing his best impression of being serious.
“Don't take it then. You're going on a mission tonight, what do you need to feel love for? Your enemy?” he chuckles.
He points to a different dispenser. “That's free.”
Sharp. Supply and demand has made it expensive on the outside, since it is not subsidized. He immediately knew the implication. “Strong,” he says.
“Certainly not my dear friend. Our records indicate that you have an unfortunate sensitivity to the stuff.”
Pliss feels ashamed. Now, if that was a joke... well, he'd have to think of some kind of insult in return.
“He's serious” says the recruit behind him. “We've all seen your medical files. We wanted to know if you really did like alcohol.” It was the other recruit that was making a pass at the tongue piercing girl.
“Your heart will explode on strong. I mean that literally.”
The bartender set it for weak and Pliss inhaled... the bitter substance burning as it made its way down his esophagus. “Just remember to stay calm!” taunted the other recruit.
He managed to resist the shakes while at the base, but now that he was in the air in the privacy of the cabin he decided to release himself. His hand were sweating and trembling. The on-board clock seemed to be malfunctioning - ticking over way too fast, however as soon as he put his attention on it the clock started to slow to a crawl. He now understood the advantage. But counterproductive to this was his racing and erratic mind. Additionally, he thinks -  “This is not pleasant!” He starts mentally revising calculus, then the karma sutra. He realizes that he can not keep his mind on one thing. He starts obsessing about his weapons configuration. Single fire. Dual fire. Single fire. Which is better?
Impulsively, he turns on his guttural emitters, although he is immediately snapped back by the thought of why he had done this arbitrarily.
The voice in his head started to chant, trailing off in waves:
“FUNN FUNN FUNNNNNNN......”
You are here to work, idiot! Or die!
His inner voice is soon interrupted by a wonderful sight. Out of the corner of his eye, he catches the three distinctive dots indicating enemy fighters nearby. Three of them. It was a clear dry day and on further inspection they were indeed there.
“FUNN FUNN FUNNNNNNN......”
His head voice changed to a higher pitch, instigated by the acceleration of his heart. Now he was glad that the gutturals had been activated.
The enemies must now know he was there too. They are now probably laughing at him for turning on his gutturals in defiance of their superior numbers. This was to be a routine reconnaissance mission but  is now turning out to be far greater. What if he dies after stacking his chips so high?
“SSSSHHHHAAAAAAAAAAMMMEE!” screams his internal voice.
“No” he thinks - “No shame. Concentrate. Use what you have learnt, slow down the clock.”
He now stared at the clock and as anticipated it started to slow. “Now, just secretly: What is the best thing to do?”
“The enemy fighters are approaching fast. Or is it slowly? But in reality, they are fast, only your perceptions are distorted. Three to one. Three to one. My odds of survival are... bastard, co-operate, what an irrelevant thing to think!”
Luckily there was still time to formulate a plan and it came to him in a snap. Now, to simply execute it.
He armed his missiles on single fire, multiple targets. His enemies would know this. Obviously, they would be concentrating all their weaponry on him. They approached head on...90kms, then 80. As the indicator came close to the missile range he willed time to slow down once more. At the first hint of the on-board computers indication of a missile lock, he suddenly changes this configuration: Dual fire, Single target!
His own missile lock had already been achieved and since multiple target mode changed to single target mode without any time delay he already had his target in scope. He let out barrage after barrage and watched the enemy missiles come in slowly while his own missiles were zooming ahead at breakneck speed.
“Bollocks! Their missiles are traveling at the same speed respectively – it’s just my subjective perceptions was making me the master of time. Master of time?”
He pulled up and into a spiral before the first of the enemy missiles could reach him. The single enemy he had targeted proceeding to do the same, but in the downward direction. Now it was two to one, for the time being, as the dogfight would commence. Provided he manages to evade the three missiles sent against him, and his single target managed not to evade the four he just sent his or her way. As predicted, his enemy had been conservative with their ordinance, most likely saving them for some potential future encounter; by liberty of their greater numbers.
He danced around the sky with extreme randomness.
“How can optimal randomness be achieved?” he thought, “Too late to think about that!” – Although he already knew the answer – that thinking about it would achieve the diametrically opposite result.
Cannon blasts are now being heard behind him, and more potential missile locks from his enemy were a distinct possibility.
Dance, just keep dancing.
“They think I'll get tired! I'll NEVER get tired! You'll run out of fuel first, you cunts!”
The cabin shuddered as he took a direct hit with a cannon. A missile whizzed past at this same moment but thankfully missed. Only some slight damage, but nothing structural, nothing that would affect performance.
“Target two destroyed!” advises his computer. His original barrage of missiles had done its job. Two against one - and now only thirty seconds before those enemy missile run out of steam.
With ten seconds left the first of his missile pursuers drop from the sky. The duration of a missile run could in no way be accurately predicted, due to the chaotic nature of their maneuvers in pursuit. Soon the other one dropped. The final missile was out wide making and arc to re-attempt a hit, and he knew that it was too far away to destroy him before it ran out of fuel.
With a jolt of inspiration, he hit the 'brakes'. Full reverse acceleration. The fighters on his tail instinctively moved out of the way and zoomed past, anxious to avoid a dual suicide and collision under these circumstances.
Now slightly ahead of him two enemy fighters are banking around. Full reverse throttle started to kick in. He again considered his situation.
The X-11 fighters, just like the enemies, could go just as quickly in reverse as it could forward (without obviously the advantage of afterburners.) His enemies were now facing him, attempting to make missile locks. It was an eventuality, since they were at a standstill relative to each other. Could he try the same trick again? No, he only had two missiles left – and the enemy as noted had conserved its ordinance. But his enemies, although facing forward were not using the afterburners since they were too close for comfort, almost within auto cannon range, and wouldn't want to overshoot their target as such.
Now Pliss sent forth his final missiles, dual fire – multiple targets. Subsequently, both enemy fighters would need to evade.
The enemies, learning from his previous barrage proceeded to send forth a barrage of their own. Pliss pulled up and twisted – flying in reverse. He thought that only by virtue of them being so close did the enemy fail to empty their tanks. In fact, both enemies respectively managed to get only one salvo in although it was both dual fire, so there were 4 missiles pursuing in total.
Pliss is still in full reverse, but despite this awkward situation it produced one strange advantage.
1.The X-11 cannons were mounted towards the front.
2.The missiles were approaching from the front, and due to his reverse orientation relative to their speed, they were coming in slowly relative to his position.
By contrast, his own missiles had been going towards their targets with their targets heading towards them (the regular situation).
While his enemy danced, he decides upon yet another ploy. Taking liberty of the time advantage before impact he eased off evasive maneuvers and begins flying straight, though still in reverse and at an angle, towards the Sun. The missiles behaved predictably, following the most efficient trajectory toward their target – now a straight line. With a burst of cannons, he destroys two of the missiles, the closer set of the group as they converged near his craft. It was in fact the resulting explosion from the first that managed to destroy the secondary missile of that set.
Now, with 2 missiles still on his tail, or rather "head" as the case may be, he now commenced evasive maneuvers. The two remaining missiles were better odds than what he had faced previously and he played until he evaded them.
As they ran out of fuel - and to his shock - he saw that both enemies had left the scene, obviously having used their afterburners to fly out of the range of detection.
He had killed one of them. He was still alive. Furthermore, he had done half the job flying backwards, a task that would disorientate most pilots. He picks up the communicator and advises command that he was heading back for resupply, and that the enemy was present in in the sector.
On the flight back he laughed at the cowardice of the enemy fighters. They still had missiles left and were seemingly undamaged and yet they ran away...
“No, not cowardice. They were needed somewhere,” he concludes in a moment of clarity.

CHAPTER 9 - STIKE FORCE CHASTITY
Several hours before the flight of QF-204...
“Our hackers were successful. They said the passenger manifest system of QF-204's airline company was remarkably easy to crack into. That's what you get for an automated inventory systems and lax airport security.”
High priest Phillips brimmed with pride. “Thank you!”
He could now ready Chastity for the intercept mission. To add to his good mood, the new rocket packs were ready – that meant that Chastity could be deployed from an even greater altitude, making their entry into the airbus much less likely to be suspected.
Chastity has already been briefed about the schematics of the airbus. The key to it all was the fact that the rear doors were always out of view. Neither the pilot nor the passengers would be able to see the entry of Chastity.
The hackers had been of extreme usefulness for a second reason – to allow QF-204's external doors to be opened stealthily whilst in the air. The time delayed stealth virus had already made its way through into QF-204's computer systems and would erase itself completely once the doors had been resealed with Chastity inside. Once inside, they would not be questioned. While the suicide bombers posed more of a detection risk – not trained in the correct behaviors of Civlarian society and quite easily noticed if they were foolish enough to open their mouths in the wrong way, this should not be true of the Special Forces team known as Chastity.

CHAPTER 10 - DUE PROCESS
Judy had come off QF-204 with a healthy sense of indignation and curiosity. This was indeed one of the strangest scenarios she had heard of in a long time and perhaps her career. It was so sensitive as it were that she had taken the extraordinary measure of taking this particular job away from one of her subordinate officers when she had realized the gravity of it. For a human rights lawyer there was little more disturbing than the set of circumstances received by their computer systems a couple of days ago.
Prison 1.
She entered the establishment by the usual channels and proceeded straight to the administration area. She had not been in Prison 1 before, but since the schematics for all the prison buildings were fairly identical she is overwhelmed by a deja-vu as she enters. Often, she thinks, this feeling was a harbinger of events; either good or bad.
“I am here to see PF-903, the captured technician,” Judy said sternly at the receptionist and guard.
“I believe she is being questioned,” is the casual reply from the guard.
“Look, I'll be blunt. This situation seems slightly unusual to me,” Judy presses, emphasizing the un-usu-al with a long drawl, “Firstly, she was the only survivor of a military transport vessel. What happened to the pilots and crew?”
“Contamination,” 'confirms' the guard looking fictitiously at his screen.
The lawyer smiles. As if the situation as it were was not contradictory enough. She waits for a while to see if the guard is cogent enough to infer the fairly obvious question that she is now about to render, but upon a stunned silence, she continues the interrogation.
“And why was she not also contaminated?” Judy sighs.
“The vessel in question had dual cabins – it is a new prototype. Unfortunately, our salvage crews were unable to recover the vessel since it was so deep in enemy territory. But we have the schematics from our scans...”
They both knew that schematics could be fabricated but there is no way to prove it conclusively.
She decides to “accept” this notion of a new prototype since it was far, in her opinion, from the only thing curious about this case.
“My second problem, guard, is the manner in which her classification had been changed from civilian, standard technician if I am not mistaken, to a secret services agent. Our records show that the change in classification had not occurred until she was placed in this facility. Under what pretext was this change made?”
“She had a tracking implant in her brain. We would not have known about it apart from the fact that she had sustained a concussion during impact and our doctors decided to give her a complete scan. This was enough ground to suspect her involvement in a deeper conspiracy.”
This guard was doing fairly well under adverse conditions and Judy suspected that he had already been groomed to provide these answers.
“That might be acceptable, but her vessel is described as having ambiguously 'gone down' well into enemy territory – it was in fact within the path of known civilian routes used by the enemy's airliners. Yet, it was our rescue crews that performed the supposed rescue – not theirs? Doesn't that strike you as slightly odd?”
Judy braced herself for another formulated answer.
“The vessel, being a prototype, suffered an engine malfunction. Our rescue crews were actually there to retrieve a fallen bomber pilot that had crashed nearby, but found this stricken vessel along the way and decided to rescue the survivors - additionally to the bomber pilot - for humanitarian reasons. It was not considered an option to leave the vessel to be rescued by the enemy due to an engine leak that could have caused an explosion. The rescue team has been recommended for a humanitarian award.”
“Granted – the tracking implant is grounds to suspect she was involved in some kind of covert operations – but clearly no such operations were being performed at the time. The glaring contradiction here is that she been taken to the prison district for processing – despite being a civilian that was “rescued” for humanitarian reasons. They could not have known about the implant until after she had been admitted to prison,” Judy presses.
The guard smiles. He knew that this “glaring contradiction” had already been taken care of.
“The reason she has been sent here, is because she has been charged with assault. She attacked a member of the rescue crew with a knife. The medical reports are available, along with a full statement from the crew member.”
“And the video?”
“It happened on the enemy vessel, there is no video.”
Judy knew that all this was a house of cards – but as yet there is no way to prove it. Such a scenario seems exceedingly unlikely but this, from a legal standpoint, was certainly not enough. In any case she was sure that some face to face communication with the prisoner herself would clear up some of this situation. She also realized that this was now very much in legally ambiguous territory - whereas the guidelines for assault are well known, the alleged incident happened outside of Civlarian territory – it was a rare case, purportedly, of a civilian attacking another civilian in enemy territory. Further from rare: this would be a precedent.
Was she subject to the laws of the enemy, their laws or no laws at all?
In fact, there were only two laws common to both civilizations by accord:
1.It was forbidden to develop DNA altering virii and,
2.It was forbidden to develop nano-machines.
This accord was largely symbolic in nature – since there was no way of enforcing it against an segregated enemy respectively. Also, it was considered that it would only be the respective enemies that would suffer from such an act of lunacy, since obviously it would be developed inside one of their own territories and they would be the first to get impacted by a break out.
Judy considers her position.
If it wasn't for the tracking implant, she could and would be tried immediately for the assault – with a 100% chance of acquittal due to ambiguity and jurisdiction issues - but that “accidental discovery” might be enough to begin processing her as a POW. Not just a POW – but one designated as an enemy agent.
And, they would be allowed to use a negotiator.
Additionally, since questioning without duress was a time consuming exercise, the military now had a lot of room to move.
“I want to see her, as is my right and role,” Judy states.
The guard handed her the dreaded piece of paper which Judy examines for some short time.
“This is a completely frivolous application of an Exclusive Interaction Order. The opposition will be notified about this along with the media!” she bursts in outrage.
“That is your right.” advises the guard calmly.

CHAPTER 11 - STRIKE FORCE CHASTITY PART II
“No contaminants detected” announces the pilot. The turrets respectfully lower and the internal doors begin to open.
Peta and her crew knew that the worst was yet to come. They had entered the aircraft undetected with their high altitude intrusion into QF-204, successfully bypassing any contamination. She fumbled with her horned helmet that felt extremely out of place against her usual style and hoped now that she could blend in to this strange culture.
Peta was a new recruit and this was her first operation. Indeed her processing through the Secret Services Bureau seemed to have been streamlined somehow from above – even to the point of being hasty at points. Although it was true that she had a high aptitude in her field, she didn't quite grasp the ramifications of the previous week's efforts.
The group of five officers casually made their way through the airport, making note of any potential trouble. There was a small assembly of police officers or military men talking with a receptionist – apparent only by virtue of the fact that they carried firearms.
They pass by without any interference.
Without notice an unidentified man starts to walk towards them, waving an arm and smiling.
“Peta?” asks a man running toward her.
“Yes,” she answers.
“I'm you're driver, I've been assigned to take you to your hotel.”
“Driver?” she asks. She had been trained to expect robot drivers since it was well known that decedent Civlarians were loath to perform any manual task.
“You didn't know? Your company has paid for deluxe service. That means no robot driver – I'll show you around personally,” the man grins, “My name is Plymothe.”
“Awesome!” replies Peta. “Thank Aesuth!” she thought. The driver would indeed be of assistance to get their bearings.
Soon they are on the road. The business district was not what the group had expected, but they all knew not to attract attention by asking foolish questions. Yet, the disgusting opulence and excesses of Civlarian society is still quite apparent although seemingly exaggerated.
“You don't talk much,” laughs the driver, trailing off from some long winded anecdote about the various places of historical significance they were passing by. He was mainly on about historical courthouses, legal precedents and the evolution of the legal system.
“What about business?”
“Not much business here, it's mainly run by the government. I'm afraid if you're after shopping we can't provide you with much!” Plymothe apologizes.
Something was not right.
As they approach a large building, they saw the sign at the entrance.
Prison six.
It was immediately followed by prisons five and four. For a commercial capital of Civlar it appeared that there were indeed a lot of prisons. Had they been detected?
“Do you have the heroin?” Michel whispers to Peta. Michael was a veteran agent and knew when a situation seemed too strange to deal with. Indeed it was only Michael that outranked Peta on this particular mission – despite most of the others having 10 years of experience additional to hers.
“No,” Peta said in a hushed voice, “I had to use it on a passenger. She asked me something I didn't know how to answer.”
Momentarily however, they pull up at their hotel. The sign at the front proclaimed “Actual Hotel”.
Noting that the driver had an interest in the history of buildings, one of the group asks - “Why is it called 'Actual Hotel'?”
“Well, it's a play on words obviously!” the driver gleams.
He presumes that his customers were quite tired after their flight.
“Ah, I get it!” Michael booms as the group breaks out into labored laughter. So far, this mission had become far stranger than any of them had anticipated.
The group now sits in uneasy silence inside their hotel suite. They now feel that something did not add up about the situation but were not keen to speculate with each other at this point.
Michael turns on the television. They knew that the Civlarian government monitored the viewing habits of all the citizens. Or at least they had been told. Despite the risk, they are keen to glean more information about their new location – provided there was any channel in Civlar that was not dedicated solely to hardcore pornography.
Michael flips through the channels: 1, 2, 3...
“Stop!” cries Peta, “It will seem indecisive!”
“No, Civlarians are fickle – they only have a very short attention span,” Michael reminds.
They proceed through the channels, initially committing to memory the supposed content of each channel - but soon found this as a futile activity since there are too many channels to process in this manner. Soon they are switching changing channels 10 at a time...
As they hit channel 120 and they are stunned indeed by what they see: It is a Sermon from the Grand High Priest of the Realm.
“...you may wonder, and rightfully so, why it is that the Civlarians do not acquire the AIDS affliction as readily as the people here in the Holy Realm. They are indeed imbued with the very essence of Sin. Premarital sex is not only allowed in Civlar, but often forced, on the children especially. While their population does indeed dwindle with a range of diseases, the answer to this vexing question is clear in the scriptures:”
“A child can only be punished so much until he is thrown out of his home!”
“Yes, dear faithful, it is indeed true that Aesuth has turned his back on Civlar. So much disdain does He have for this Blaspemoth that he renders them neither punishment nor grace – they are left alone to their own devices like a wayward child that falls into the hands of a pimp....”
“Consider another question. Why is it that a dog does not get AIDS? Any 5 year old child will know that answer – because they are animals.”
Suddenly, the television screen changes, prompting a jolted reaction for the team. The computerized prompt advises them that their company has sent them an urgent communiqué. Also that their program has been automatically time-shifted and will not be missed.
“Store or play now?”
“Play now!” snaps Michael.
“Heeeeeeeeey! How’s it going! I am the CEO of Mainframes Unlimited – NO SHIT! - And I've got an urgent message for you. Check out that freaky religious channel, 120 at 5:30pm. You have gotta see the quote man, you'll piss yourself!!! See-ya!”
It's was almost 5:30pm now. The message has been clear and although they did not know how to turn off the time-shifting on the television they should be safe considering the brevity of the message from their “CEO”.
Peta takes out from her bag a small camera and fixed it at the television. Then she uses the earphones socket and applied the headphones so that it will not make any noise. As expected a new program came on. It was another sermon, on the importance of Chastity.
As expected, here was that line – a single glitch in the high definition transmissions across the bottom section of the screen. It was so thin that they needed to squint their eyes to see it – but it was there. The camera started decoding the encoded message that it was now viewing.
The group continues to laugh randomly at the program, unsure about which parts were actually funny and still yet suspicious that they are being watched.
“What do you make of it? Funny right?” asks Michael of Peta in fabricated amusement.
“Relax, we're not being watched. I just heard our real mission. Aesuth has truly blessed us, for tonight we shall be performing an act of mercy. This is a prison colony not the business district. We have been sent to rescue a prisoner. Not just any prisoner either – she is the Chosen One. Through her Enlightenment, she has become a weapon of unimaginable power....”
She lays out the instructions to her crew members:
1.Enter prison 1 in the guise of mainframe technicians.
2.Scan the prison manifest and liberate Eva.
3.Smuggle her out of the prison and back to the airport.
4.Board QF-205 to the Holiday Zone. Once in the air, there will be three holy fighters waiting in ambush. QF-205 will be forced to comply and will make its way back to the Realm.
“How will we smuggle Eva back?” Michael inquires.
“I am her doppelganger,” replies Peta proudly, “We are almost exactly identical in appearance. I will stay behind as a POW.”
“I am sorry...” Michael begins.
“Not really. Previously to rescuing Eva you will have access to the prison computers. Just make sure you get me the override code for the prison doors – I will make use of them at the most opportunistic time,” Peta grins.
This is a small deviation from the plan but one which she was sure would not hurt the objectives of the mission.

CHAPTER 12 - STIKE FORCE CHASTITY PART III
As day breaks the Strike Force prepares for the assault on prison 1.
Taking the hotel's automated limousine service they soon find themselves at the gates of their destination. Apart from a few formalities at the gate they are in within minutes and make their way to the reception desk. They announce their purpose and are given instructions about how to reach the server room.
The server room was located at the top floor of the complex in the restricted area – for which they are supplied a temporary pass-code. Since they have arrived so early it is almost deserted apart from a single technician ambitiously hammering away at some assignment.
Now they started to perform the 'work' on the servers; presumably a simple case of replacing a modularized component and reconfiguring the systems to accept the new hardware. Under normal circumstances this job would take approximately half an hour but they are keen to draw it out for as long as possible.
Peta decides to take the initiative and approaches the lone technician which is not in their group.
“Hi, how’s it going?” she asks casually.
“Not bad, just really busy,” replies the technician, “since the servers have been down I am unable to work remotely as per normal so here I am.”
They exchange some small talk for a few minutes.
“I've only been here a day. Where's the nearest bar around here, I'd really like to get some Pleasurin-12!” Peta smiles.
“There's one down the road – let's go!”
In the meantime the four other crew members were slowly doing their jobs and also speaking of generic pleasantries to pass the time between themselves.
“Hmm, we should definitely do that after work I think. At the moment I'm kind of sleepy – could you get us some coffee?” Peta asks.
The technician obliges.
Within moments of leaving the room, Michael is already inside the prisons manifest systems and trying to locate Eva. It wasn't long until he found the location: Sub Level 3, Cell 35. Without hesitation he penetrates the security system and manages to ascertain the security codes for that level which he scrawls down quickly and hands to Peta.
They were all gone before the lone technician could return with the coffee.
The first port of call was to be a supply depot which offered no complications thanks to Michael's quickly memorized access codes. In there they found themselves a cache of machine guns. Taking the guns they make their way swiftly to the elevator and then engage the lift to SL-3. They are quite thankful that there are no real uniforms in Civlar – since their guns alone designated them as guards now in the eyes of others. Still, they are all ready for combat at any time and they knew they must be fast about it – although the guards should not generally be trained to a high level of combat proficiency, they are certainly highly outnumbered and a coordinated attack would certainly destroy their ambitious plans.
As they emerged into SL-3 they see a sight that would confirm their deepest fears about Civlar.
They pass through rows of closed doors – all locked as indicated by the red light above the handle. They hear muffled shouting and screaming and various words of abuse.
As the reach Eva's cell they used their access codes once again but to no avail – as the cell is found now empty.
“She's not here. What are we going to do?” Peta asks.
“Let's go back to the computers....” another suggests respectfully.
“Why? If the data was inaccurate the first time, why would anything change? We're running out of time!” Michael snaps.
They knew that they needed to act while surprise was on their side. Momentarily, they hear the steps of a single guard walking down the hall. As this guard walks past Eva's supposed cell he finds himself quickly accosted and dragged in.
In a barrage of kicking and punching the guard is rendered harmless and lying bloodied in the corner.
“Where is Eva?” demands Michael with his machine gun rammed down the guards throat. He pulles out the nozzle and awaits the reply.
The guard coughs and spurts that he does not know. They realize that they would need to ambush a higher ranking officer – but how would they determine who here had rank? With swift martial arts kick to the face from Peta the guard is quickly killed.
After some deliberation they realize that the computer systems are indeed be their only hope.
They made their way to the SL3 control station. As they arrive they release a barrage of machine gun fire that catches the snoozing guards within by surprise. Only one guard survives long enough to set off the alarms. The atmosphere was now transformed into a tinged red and the wailing sirens pierced through the air.
Michael again utilizes his skills with the computer systems, first turning off the alarm and then skim-reading through the personal notes and correspondences of the high ranking prison officials. They knew that even while the alarms were now off they had still now been most likely detected. It was only a matter of minutes before the guards would arrange an attack from the higher levels.
“Neural regeneration!?” gasps Michael. He had found the item they were looking for. He orders the remaining team members to barricade themselves inside the guard room while Peta and himself go to investigate.
“Her transmitter was registering full health at the time of capture,” Michael confides in Peta as they burst through the corridors towards the infirmary, “something is definitely wrong here.”
“Civlarian hypocrisy at its finest,” Peta snorts...
The remaining team members now piled the corpses and chairs into a makeshift barricade and awaited the onslaught.
Peta and Michael smash through the door using their machine guns against the locking mechanism. They had finally found Eva. She is strapped to a bed, sensory equipment and wires running chaotically towards a monitoring station. There had been an incision made in her head from which a small tube protruded. Her eyes are closed and she is motionless apart from shallow breathing.
They try to rouse her, the Chosen One, but to no avail. Peta has already started to take off her clothes for the swap over but then stopped when she realizes Eva's condition.
“We can't remove her like this.” Michael asserts, “That tube must be some kind of sedative.”
Peta was going to ask why it was being injected directly into the brain but decided not to because of the time constraints. As Michael removed the tube the grim situation suddenly began to reveal itself further.
Eva screamed into consciousness.
As she tries to free herself from the restraints, Michael and Peta try aimlessly to calm her down and explain the situation. Eventually, they move to remove the restraints, thinking that this was the cause of Eva's discomfort.
With superhuman strength Eva lunges for Michael weapon and despite a huge size disparity he finds himself almost unable to control her but finally manages to wrestle it out of her hand.
He then realizes that it was not them but herself that she was trying to kill since there had been several opportunities to shoot him while the item was in contention.
Eva continued to claw and grasp at Michael while Peta tries desperately to restrain her seemingly superhuman strength. After several minutes of this Eva collapses due to exhaustion, she being now fixed in the fetal position and murmuring incoherently.
It is now quite apparent to both of them that Eva has completely lost her mind.
As they heard the blaze of gunfire echoing from the control room, they knew there was no escape.
The only thing they could do now was report the situation to their government – if they were lucky.
Peta calls the her fellow team member in the control room announcing the situation. They can only guess whether or not the control room had the facility to transmit a message somehow to the Realm or if indeed their team would remain alive long enough to perform this action.
Soon the gunfire stopped.
As the guards entered the neural regeneration room the pair surrendered quickly.

CHAPTER 13 - UPRISING IN THE REALM
In the present day, in the Realm, three years after the daring attack on the supply train...
“I'm back from the shops,” Joanna announces as she walks through the living area to find George and Andrew sitting to a meal. Andrew stands up to kiss Joanna as she glides past. It had been like this for some time now – almost normal.
Thanks to some further chemical engineering on George's behalf, the two of them had both managed to change their appearance considerably.
First and foremost was their new hair color, a dark brunette to match that of George. Andrew now donned his own mighty beard fashioned in the familiar miner's style. Small artificial freckles adorned Joanna's face. Her hair was made curly through another clever improvisation involving an iron. They were still quite an unconventional household by Precinct 7 standards, being three adult siblings living in the same house, but certainly not illegal. As long as they avoided trouble and stayed away from their old neighborhood they could now pass normally through society.
This arrangement had lasted for two and a half years. Joanna was described to less trusted friends as the “homemaker” of the family, and Andrew's apparent lack of employment was hidden on the pretext that he had sustained an injury which required him to hobble artificially when dealing with the public.
George had been careful to introduce the two gradually back into the real world – first announcing to his friends (that were outside of his own dissident subset, obviously) – that his supposed relatives were going to be arriving weeks before their actual "appearance".
They still had three main problems.
Firstly was a lack of any supporting documentation, but this should not be an issue as long as they kept out of the attention of the authorities. Secondly was suppressing their natural affectionate instincts in public – as they were not in actuality and far from siblings. Joanna had the additional issue of having to bat away prospective suitors amongst George’s male friends.
Regardless, they were both extremely pleased that their lives were no longer that of virtual captivity.
Today, Joanna was preparing the fish she had acquired for her consumption, since she was not fond of the lamb the men had prepared earlier. While she grated against the scales her hand suddenly slipped: the house was now vibrating against the deathly sound of the air-raid sirens.
Andrew and George stopped eating and looked at each other with confusion.
“This must be a test,” snorts Andrew starting again to resume his meal.
“You're right – the Civlarians are not interested in Precinct 7!” George chuckles.
“Wait!” Joanna cries - She could hear from the distance the faint sound of cannon fire and then an explosion which was most likely the demise of a fighter or bomber in midair.
With a clash of hastily discarded cutlery the three of them race to the front door.
Civlar was indeed attacking – the swarm of aircraft in the distance now clearly visible as though there were birds fighting with each other. Fairly obvious too as there could never be any birds outside of the Dome.
The three of them are panting with excitement, their minds almost transmitting to each other the unspoken speculations that frantically processed within. If Civlar was attacking here then perhaps they had already won the war? If so, would their new occupiers have a greater regard for them than their current rulers? If not – then why would they select such a backwater target for what seemed quite obviously to be a fairly major attack.
The flurry of aircraft drifted closer.
“How many are there?” Joanna gasped.
“I'd say there are 30 small ones – they could be fighters or bombers and five big ones.” George exclaims with squinted eyes. Nobody around there has ever seen a “big one”. Obviously something major was happening.
The people on the street were busy scampering into their houses, generally small brick structures that provided little protection from the powerful charges of the laser bombers. Indeed, it would surely be a quicker death the take a hit from a charge directly and be instantly incinerated than to be crushed by the burning rubble of such an abode. The group however had absolutely no intention of sitting this one out in the basement. They wanted to find out what this was about.
“We need to get the gang!” George said. “You two wait here while I bring them in – if I can find them.”
Although the Realm had a complete telecommunications system it was restricted only to calling the authorities. George ambitiously started his engine and set about trying to assemble his group.
He did the rounds and picks up David and Tom after driving hastily through the deserted streets.
He passes army vehicles but is not interrupted since it would seem normal to drive quickly under the pretext of getting back to one's own premises during an air raid. The entire trip takes only 15 minutes, especially assisted by the fact that both Tom and David are to be found directly on their respective front lawns gawking at the very same spectacle.
At the time he pulled into his driveway the air war was at their doorstep – the single turret built to protect Precinct 7 picking off Civlarian fighters as they engaged in frantic battle against the Realm's own. The larger ships could now be made out more clearly – they were some kind of mobile rearming station.
Back in the basement the five of them, each with a machine gun strapped around their waist, frantically contemplate what actions they needed to take. They realize that they didn't really know what was happening and that the best thing they could do for the time being was to try and find out.
After checking to see that the street was deserted from on looking neighbors they quickly pile into George’s car, criss-crossing their guns across their laps to keep them under the view of other vehicles. They headed for where it seemed that most of the bombers appeared to be directed for – a vague inducement to drive towards the North.
Five minutes into the journey the group felt the car begin to tremble underneath them. George erupts with a loud growl of terror and frustration. It is certainly not an auspicious time for his trusted vehicle to have some kind of mechanical failure. They learn quickly that it was no failure of the machine as the true source of the shaking reveals itself – three massive turrets to the West starting to slowly emerge from the mountain range.
Underground turrets?
Such a thing had never been heard of. The construction must have occurred in secret through the Dome's subterranean layer. With a thud they finished their extension and then proceeded to thrust burst after burst of heavy laser rounds at an oncoming Civlarian re-supply platform in the distance.
The resulting explosion filled the sky with fiery debris that floated like a morbid ticker tape parade promoting the Aesuthites now fairly obvious tactical advantage. The turrets were going for the supply vessels first – Civlar would need to finish the job quickly and retreat or be decimated.
The battle raged. In within a few kilometers ahead of them beams of laser burst were seen descending from the dome as though they were lightening on the outside. The turrets momentarily swivel towards them and send forth another barrage, terminating the beams at their origin. They know now where they need to head to.
As they approached their target George swerves the car off the road at full speed careening it across a bumpy section of shrubs. As the smoking vehicle grinds to a halt, bogged down in thick mud, the shaken passengers disembark and start running towards an overhanging ridge to for a better view.
Towards them stands the partially destroyed structure of a small military outpost.
“What is it?” Joanna cries in between gasps for air.
The small building showed no signs of it apparent significance. Lightly guarded by two guard towers it could have been a simple training base or supply depot. Yet, the ferocity and apparently suicidal nature of the bombers attack seemed to indicate otherwise.
“We've got to destroy it!” George instructs.
“We should wait. Perhaps Civlar can do the job for us,” David interjects.
“No way. They are being decimated!” George reminds the group as he clutches the two spherical balls close to his chest. Previously, he had taken the initiative to weld them together with the cut-off crowbar placed between them for convenience. They knew that such a device would be suitable for this purpose – but how would they get in there? Although it was indeed lightly defended, the five machine guns they had at their disposal are certainly no match for the guard towers.
They wait there for several more minutes as the Civlarian air force is being systematically destroyed above them. During that time they notice several military trucks speeding across the nearby road and piling up at the gate of the facility.
“You two come with me, we're going to wait near that piece of bush land!” George commands, “David and Tom – you wait back here and see what you can do.”
The group scampers down the embankment and run once again toward the road where they take cover behind a large tree. The trucks were still flowing down the road, far too close for comfort but obviously too preoccupied with the situation to notice the three hidden dissidents crouching nearby.
Soon, the wail of an ambulance could be heard in the distance. This was the chance they were looking for. “We need to cut down that tree!” George snaps, handing over a grenade to Andrew.
Without hesitation he runs towards the stump and places it in a small ridge in the trunk. With a boom and a creak the tree is felled, smashing against the road with a spray of leaves and twigs.
As expected, the ambulance screeches to a halt and the three of them make their move - spraying the driver and passenger with close range machine gun fire. Inside the cabin, Joanna finishes the job by sending a spray of bullets into two surprised ambulance officers and setting off a shower of sparks from the sensitive machinery within.
Of the four uniforms only three were of a satisfactory condition to engage their ruse – slight blood speckling could be explained by previous jobs. The forth however was completely drenched in blood and intestines. The fallen tree was pushed aside where it provided some cover for the four unfortunate corpses, three of which were now naked. As they drive off slowly, the group waiting at the ridge see them discard their clothes out of the window and know that the infiltration is proceeding.
Within moments they arrive at the checkpoint and queue up with the other vehicles. For some tense seconds they wait silently as a guard strides hastily towards them. He makes a wild gesture to go through as the secondary boom gates open. From these actions George infers that there must be a fairly significant emergency inside.
As they pull up to the curb outside the damaged building they are immediately approached by what appears to be a high ranking General, a Priest and several soldiers. They disembark the vehicle swiftly, taking with them a random assortment of medical equipment from the ambulance. Andrew hastily tucks in his shirt behind the doorframe before he jumps out. They line up to greet the entourage.
“You are a medic?” says the General to the miner while staring suspiciously. George remains unphased and stands in stunned and defiant silence. “He looks like a serf!” the General eventually continues, “Look at his hardened hands and wrinkled face!”
Although disconcerting as the situation now appeared everybody knew that they needed to be inside the building in order for their plan to work. In a moment of panicked inspiration, George quickly reacts to the general’s insinuation.
“I heard that there were some important people who need medical attention,” he snaps while constructing his best official voice, “If you want to keep your testicles I suggest you let us through!”
Enraged, the General pulls out his side arm and aims it at George's head – an action to which he does not flinch.
The Priest extends his hand and places it above the general's wrist -“General, I am trained in reproductive morality... What this man said, in some vulgar way, was not incoherent. I certainly don't know any serfs that know of the word 'testicles'!” he states slowly, all the while scanning the groups faces and eyes for any signs of deviancy.
The General begrudgingly lowers his weapon but it is clear that he is not fully satisfied with their credentials.
“Who do we need to look at first?” George asks.
“Come with me, medic. There has been an incident in the computer labs,” the priest reports, moving his hand in a gesture towards the front entrance.
The group walks swiftly through corridors filled with debris, wounded personnel, and buzzing with mid-level military officials. The General follows behind, one hand on his gun and watching them intently. His stride is interrupted by an approaching Lieutenant waving some papers in excitement.
“Sir!” the Lieutenant shouts, accosting the General from his vigil.
As they leave him behind the dissidents catch the last a few words of the Lieutenant's report: "victory has been achieved".
It is then that they the notice through the tension of the preceding events that the air has indeed gone quiet.
As they burst through into the main computer room they see a circle of people crowded around an area on the ground.
“Move aside!” yells the Priest.
As the men and women quickly dissipate the mangled body of a high ranking General appears on the floor.
“His injuries are severe,” the priest advises, “A server has fallen on him.”
“Sir”, Joanna interjects quickly, “I think it would be efficient if we left our Primary Officer to help the General while we attend to the other injured soldiers that we saw on the way.”
“Yes, very good.” the priest replies. They walk hastily towards the previous corridors and in the milieu they overhear a heated exchange:
“Deploy the systems now!”
“Only General Alteris has the deployment codes.”
“Call the head command and retrieve the auxiliary codes.”
“Our communications systems are dead....”
Meanwhile, George hovers over the mangled body of General Alteris. Although he is alive it is quite true that his injuries are fatal – the impact to the head had left a pool of thick black blood around him and he sat there heaving with a fixed gaze towards the ceiling.
“He's dead – isn't he?” the Priest asks somberly.
“No Sir he is not. But I will need to talk privately with you for a moment.” George replies.
“What?” the Priest snaps, disgusted that the medic is now wasting time at such an occasion.
George leans over and whispers into his ear - “I have some extremely classified medical equipment in this bag. Absolutely new technology. If you could just remove the infantry from this room...”
The Priest signals his consent and shouts stern orders for everybody to leave.
George and the Priest are now bent over General Alteris. He pulls out two shiny metallic balls, welded together with half a crowbar. Upon seeing this, the countenance on the face of the General rapidly changes as he struggles to emit words - “Bo....Bo...”
“Yes General, these balls will stop the bleeding,” George hastily blurts as he presses down on the switch. The balls begin to emit a green light.
He turns to the priest and announces proudly - “Well priest, this Serf may now know about Testicles, but he sure has some Big Balls!”
The Priest turns pale as the switch is released emitting a red beam of light and an understated beep. That should be the end of this facility.
With a screech of tyres and a roar of the engine, Andrew and Joanna erupt towards the lowered boom gates. As the guards draw their weapons they are thrown back by a thunderous explosion.
The ambulance twists and careens through the boom gate as debris whistle past them. They are surprised now by a secondary explosion but soon realize that David and Tom has now made their way to the entrance, after utilizing their final grenade to destroy a truck full of infantry waiting at the back of the main queue
Andrew slows down to assist their friends but again hits the accelerator as he sees them being mowed down by the oncoming bullets from the guard tower. At top speed the pair careen and bounce through the winding road – sirens still blaring.
Eventually they reach a straight section of road. Joanna now turns to Andrew and makes a startling confession: “I'm pregnant.”
Andrew heads for the precinct border.

CHAPTER 14 - THE EXECUTIONS
The bar is lively on a Saturday night when abruptly the television system suddenly switches to the news. Disgusted, the bartender proceeds to flick through the channels – but finds the same news on every channel. Momentarily, expectations started to mount amongst the crowd that they had won the war. The bar falls silent and people now waited with baited breath for the imminent announcement.
“The Human Rights Law Society and the Prisons Association have both confirmed that two Realm Secret Service agents, captured while performing a daring raid against a prison in the Prison District, are due to be executed at dawn. Although this action is completely illegal, it seems now that the President himself has called in the army and declared martial law in the Prison District. Army shuttles are making their way to the prison district as we speak to restore law and order....”
“The agents, whose names have been confirmed as Peta and Michael, supposedly infiltrated the prison disguised as engineers and subsequently engaged in a gunfight that left 30 guards and 3 fellow agents dead.”
“Although it is still not known the exact reason for the attack, it is believed that they had surrendered while performing the strange act of disconnecting another existing POW, and also suspected to be a secret service agent, from a life support system.”
“Human rights lawyers, however, are quick to point out that the POW in question was never meant to be on life support in the first place, citing the government's assertion that she had been involved in a near-fatal altercation with a follow inmate as absurd. The government's counter-position is that the attempt by Secret Services to kill their own agent is proof indicative that her life was already in danger by fellow inmates at the prison.”
The news switches to the head of the Law Society.
“Martial law is illegal. Executions are illegal. Furthermore, Peta and Michael have not had access to any legal representation, member of the media or the Corruption Commission – which, we believe, in this instance is completely unjustified considering the circumstances.”
The news switches to the President.
“Citizens, we take these regrettable actions due to a situation that is not of our making. The terrorists in question have voluntarily confessed a great revelation – that our enemy has been designing nano-machines that are capable of eating through the very materials that are used to construct our Domes. Under most special and unprecedented circumstances, your government has been forced to send a strong signal to enemy. If should be apparent in the extreme now that violence is the only language they understand!”
The stunned audience is speechless.
“Our government has gone insane!” yells a man at the center of the room.
“Don't worry – the Distributed Party will get in,” interjected another.
“Bollocks! There will be a civil war!”
Later, at the Presidential Offices, the President receives a call from the opposition.
“Hey Buddy!!” chimes the President, “Did you see the proposal I sent to you?”
“Yes, I did see it,” the opposition leader replies sternly.
“With your support we can pass it through parliament. Obviously, this will imbue a great deal of gratitude on behalf....”
“We are not passing your Retrospective Laws Amendment Bill, president. I will see you at the election.”
The president already knew that he was doomed to an election loss. He could only hope that he still had enough credibility to pass the corruption hearings and already there was a great deal of buzz about a civil war.
The mood on the streets had changed.
Nobody was talking to each other anymore.

CHAPTER 15 - PRISONERS OF CIRCUMSTANCE
In Civlar's prison sector prisoners are processed according to their level of reform.
While the most dangerous of the prisoners are kept together, those that show promise during their treatment are eventually given the opportunity of release into Civlar, where they become full citizens imbued with every right that any other citizen would have. Jane is due for release in two weeks. It is almost a forgone conclusion.
To add to the celebration, her friend Susan should be released today.
They had talked at length about how they will meet up when they are released and start a new life in Civlar's capital administrative zone. Intent on leaving her former lives as Realm Air Force pilots behind, they had both committed never to take the path of violence and aspired to jobs in the civil services.
Jane lives on the top floor of Complex A, which is a luxury apartment equipped to the same level as middle class facilities in Civlar. She has full access to all communications equipment: lawyers, police, and politicians. She needed none of those – her physiological reports had been excellent for a long time, and she has a friendly relationship with the prison guards and personnel.
Admittedly, being a bomber pilot meant that she started off in the middle of Civlar's criminal code – not at the bottom level which was mainly reserved for suicide bombers and secret services. Their amenities were extremely basic and they would be locked in their cells for the majority of the time. Apart from walking out of the gate, or entering a restricted area, Jane was allowed to do almost anything. She could even visit the criminally insane at the lower levels – but to do so would itself be insane.
Why? It was psychiatrists’ jobs to reform them, not hers.
After sitting in a bubble bath thinking about it for a while, she decided to head down for a stroll around the gardens. As she walks down the familiar corridor, she is greeted by Warden Smith. Today however, the customary “hello” was tainted somehow with an expression of concern. Jane was too preoccupied with her impending release and the release of her friend to inquire further and also consigned not to impede on the privacy of whatever personal matter was troubling the warden.
“Hi,” she said cordially, “Is Susan around?”
“She has left the facility,” replied Warden Smith in voice of labored neutrality.
“Already? I thought she had a few more hours left....”
“We let her out early because it was more efficient for her to catch the previous shuttle bus today....”
“Well, that’s good for her!” said Jane – she would be phoning her tonight to see how she was doing. The only unfortunate thing is that she had left without saying goodbye.
Warden Smith walks around Jane and steps forward, but retracts almost immediately to tap Jane on the shoulder. To Jane's amazement he is extending his left arm with a small firearm, on an open hand. Jane's following exclamation of “What?” was both an instinctive response and a slight sense of amusement at what would or should clearly be some kind of joke.
“Look, just hold on to this, okay...” utters the warden, the grim expression now returning to his face.
Jane stands there considering the proposition. Was this some kind of test? Surely the warden would not be trying to seduce her with a contraband item so close to her release? The issue of trust was now placed foremost in her mind – but eventually she gave in to the concept that she had a friendly relationship with the warden. Although she did not know for what reason this was being offered to her, she eventually took the weapon from Smith and placed it slowly under her belt, lifting up her holster top so that the gun was partially hidden, only perceptible by the bulge.
“I've got to go now;” he said, walking away with a slightly nervous “take care”.
Although the warden’s unusual behavior was perplexing, Jane consigned to continue her plan of walking through the gardens. She walked down the hall to the elevator and as she stepped in she noticed another guard going inside the lift. This was not a guard that Jane had associated with often, so apart from a casual nod of recognition they both proceeded downward to the lower levels.
With a jolt the elevator stopped intermittently, the lights flashing off for at least half a second. As the lights came back on, Jane realizes that the bulge in her pants was gone and looks down to see the gun tippling around on the floor. The unfamiliar guard instinctively placed one hand on her own firearm but soon retracts it.
“Aren't you going to pick it up?” asks the guard after a short silence. Although the time was merely a few seconds, Jane's mind had expanded it further, to contemplate her, now seemingly irrelevant, situation. She pulled back from the verge of crying, in fact, considering the possibility that possessing such contraband could count against her impending release. Trembling, she picked up the firearm and put in back under her belt. Now she knew that something was not normal. It was either something very bad or very good.
If this is some kind of test, she concluded, she had surely passed. She had proven that her terrorist instincts had well and truly dissolved during the Civlarian reform process and that, even in a situation whereby she was fearful of her life and liberty, she would chose the path of pacifism over the animalistic desire to defend herself.
As the elevator doors opened, the guard began to offer a treat:
“Look, you should go to the cafeteria. A major official was having a birthday last night and there's a whole lobster left. And champagne.”
“Cool!” exclaims Jane with relief, confusion and excitement.
In Civlar, a lobster would cost a quarter of the average income of a regular citizen. Only the highest classes of official could afford them. She is dazzled by the offer and she decides against the walk and headed to the cafeteria instead.
To her surprise, the usual breakfast crowd is not there. Neither the inmates nor the guards. In fact, it was deserted.
She acquires the lobster and proceeds to eat slowly. She sat eating for several minutes, her mind no longer occupied with the strange happenings of the morning and not at all concerned about the eerie silence that permeated the empty cafeteria.
However, this silence would not prevail. The sliding door opened to reveal a single man dressed in white overalls. She knew immediately that this should have been a prisoner that had been transferred up from a lower level. Perhaps he had not yet been to the retail area (which was quite deceptively named, since all the items were provided free of charge.) Happy for some company, she started to smile. The man smiled back, to which Jane extended a courteous “Hello.”
“Hi”
“Have a seat” she said, preparing to offer and invitation to consume part of the lobster that was left untouched.
“You are dressed immodestly,” said the man.
“What a smart-arse! – just been moved up and already with the black comedy,” she thought, laughing out loud.
Then, five other men emerge from the door.
Had they all been moved up?
The men started advancing and Jane knew that something was wrong.
“You're just fucking around, right?” she said.
“We're fucking you,” one of them said with a tone of detached sentiment.
“I will have you charged for that comment.” retorted Jane, still unsure whether to take it seriously.
Then, one man produced a crowbar.
“Hey, that's too far!” said Jane - now serious - “Put it down!”
They advanced.
She pulled out her weapon and the men stopped. “She can't kill us all!” one man states defiantly.
She knew now that they were quite serious...
As they lunged forward, her training as a marksman returned to her in an instant, and with two swift shots she decapitated two of the men, while simultaneously standing up from the chair and causing it to crash to the ground. This action caused the younger of the men to hesitate and then start running away, leaving three now in pursuit.
Jane runs for the secondary door through the corridor behind her. Through the corner of her eye she could see that the remaining men were giving chase.
She turned the corner and went through the door.
Then, she sees a sight that almost makes her stop.
All the inmates are out of their cells. Not the just free ones – all of them. Men and women are laughing hysterically, crying and whimpering in fear. Now she realizes that it would be the worse option of her previous tautology: this is very bad.
Prominently displaying her firearm as a deterrent, she runs through the crowd. But most of the inmates are not paying much attention – only a few of them gasped with awe. They were all preoccupied now, as was she, with...whatever the hell this was.
Looking back, she saw that her pursuers had now abandoned her, obviously to find an easier target. She went back to her room and locked the door.
She needed to think.
About the only thing she did not see was a guard. She walked through the possibilities in her mind.
Had they all left the prison precinct and left the prisoners to their own devices?
“That's sick...” she thought. They wouldn't do that, it’s not like them.
Maybe it was a new form of government and the prisoners were now allowed to run their own facilities without intervention. “But a single fucking firearm, how can I control 300 inmates with this?!” she thought in panicked internal monologue.
That's sick!!!
She knew that she had no time to figure this out. She needs to act quickly. Once the prisoners started organizing properly, the rape gangs would begin. Seven men could be dealt with – but not thirty.
Now all she could think of were the restricted areas.
She makes her way there as quickly as possible.
As she approaches the door, she hesitates at the knowledge that she does not know the security code. However, to her astonishment, the door just opened by itself. This stroke of luck fills her again with hope, since the machine guns contained therein would be of great benefit in protecting herself and connecting with any like-minded prisoners that could restore order to the facility.
As the room was about to entered, the recurring thought that the door was unlocked suddenly put an end to her enthusiasm.
“Fucking hell, I thought Civlarians would be more organized about this?”
Her horror is confirmed when she opened the machine gun repository to find it empty.
It made sense too – it would have been just as likely that a hardened suicide bomber would make their way to this restricted area as it would her.
This is sick.
After a small moment of stunned silence, she notices the control room. As she enters, the panic and sense of dread are compounded by the flashing red screens, pronouncing one word - “EVACUATE”.
“We're being ... liberated,” she thinks, but corrects herself - not liberated, re-subjugated!
The air force of her former masters was surely going to attack the dock and infiltrate the Dome. If that   was the case, she knew that the gun was now an option for her own suicide.
Her panic is now at a fever pitch. Stumbling, she engages the computer systems while formulating vague ideas about calling politicians. The lines are dead. She needs to see what was happening outside.
“View skyline!” she half-screams.
The computer responds with a panorama view of the Dome and surrounding areas.
“Are the turrets armed?” she asks the machine.
“There is only one turret, commander, it is not armed.” comes the computer's synthetic and emotionless reply.
“WHAT?!” she exclaims, “Arm turret!”
“Engaged.”
As she slumps back into the control chair she has only one thing on her mind. If there was going to be an enemy attack she would at least take a few of the bastards out before the eventual conclusion.
“Lock restricted areas!” Jane snaps, suddenly aware of the fact that a breach of the control tower was now not in her best interests. She hears the locking mechanism snap into place and the computer's confirmation.
For agonizing minutes she watches the sky.
Then a single gleaming light appears on the horizon. This must be the armada. But as the light grew nearer, she realized that it was no armada. It was a nuclear missile.
She could only watch helplessly as the nuke now advanced on the Dome.
Closing her eyes on impact, she feels the entire area shaking.
Then, she dared herself to open her eyes, and she was overcome by an overwhelming relief – she was still alive.
“It didn't get through the dome!”
“What luck, the guards will be back!”
Then she hears a noise that was seldom heard in Civlar or the Realm alike. A sickening noise that instilled fear in all human beings: the cracking of the Dome.
This was no luck, there would now be contamination. Nanos and virii were seeping through. This could only mean a slow painful death.
She held the gun to her head, prepared to take the better of her options now. Then she notices out of the corner of her eye, more glowing objects approaching. They were all nukes. Seven of them.
It was now clear that her former government was going to destroy the POW facility housing their own soldiers.
“But, isn't seven overkill?”
“And what a choice of target!”
She lowers the gun onto her lap. Even the Nanos would take more time to infiltrate than the approaching nukes.
“I'll just watch the fireworks,” she thinks.

###

