


The Waterman

Copyright 2020 S J Garrett 
ISBN 978-0-9938672-6-2
Smashwords Edition
Published by S J Garrett at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




A dream brought me here





On The Great Plains of Twenty Sixth Century Earth


I am a waterman. I’m sixteen years old and nearing the end of my apprenticeship.
 In some places, such as most of the near and deep space colonies, being  a waterman more or less meant that I’d be the local plumber and that I’d for certain have a lowly place on the list of the colony’s tech men. But where water is difficult to find, you become the most important member of the colony after the acting mayor that is.
No water, no life.
My journeyman: Taffy,  - has managed the needs of our colony for twenty-five years now but bad habits have taken a toll on his health of late. And in his day I’ve heard that he was once a legend of sorts for his divination skills. 
“All apprentices must learn by the book, Curran. We learn the right way first and then we’ll see if there’s some of that magic in you that they say your mother had.”
I remember those words like they were yesterday. Taffy was two years younger at the time and I was as new and green as they come. I recall being quite apprehensive, shy, and quite uncomfortable about my appointment back then. There were surely many better qualified candidates for the apprenticeship out there I thought, but I however had a history.
I’ve not met my mother. It would have been nice had I, but many people have no mother technically speaking. Just consider the New Eurons – they come from a butcher. They’re spat from a machine like cookie dough. They all look the same.  If having a mother that I’ve never touched or hugged, helps to distinguish me from the likes of them: I’ll take it.
And of course, as fate would have it my mother was also a waterman. Her colony however was located more than two thousand kilometers from here on the shores of the Pacific. Sea water can be made potable but the real difficulty in her case was collecting it safely. There was some serious competition to contend with when it came to collecting sea water – about three of them; big bruisers, too. Between the three of them they have the monopoly for all the open salt and fresh water resources on Earth. How about that? There was the New Euron Water Group, the Inter Stellar Water Corporation and of course – JUNCKE; they’re into everything.
Anyhow, my mother was sucked up into one of their water spouts. These water spouts were man-made micro storms or vortexes that lifted the sea water up and into the lower atmosphere where it was collected and transported away by tankers.
You can’t blame the colonists for getting too close to those spouts because there was an immense amount of fresh protein left behind as the local shore lines would recede when the water spouts were active. Even here, where it’s dry as a bone, we contend with weather vortexes of our own as often as once a day and ours aren’t man-made and ours seemingly have a mind of their own like the devil himself our elders say.
But regardless, man-made or otherwise you need god’s good guidance or the good sense to get out the way when a vortex was around. All my short life, I’ve been teased for being the son of an unfortunate fool or hero depending on how you want to look at it. It’s what got me into this whole thing and ironically only a fool would say no to the job because there are lot of worse occupations – like working on top for instance.
If you aren’t seriously gifted, clever or had some seriously debilitating disability – you worked on top. The colony needed your income. It didn’t matter if you were done in ten years or had come back crippled – your colony would take care of you the best it could till you were dead. 
Pouring forms wasn’t for me, not if I could help it. That’s where they’d normally start you up top - makin’ concrete. Twelve hour shifts, and longer when required. Freezing till you turned blue on build-ups and tear-downs and swimming in a pool of your own sweat from the neck down when they were curing the forms. People would tell you all the time that you were making good money, but they weren’t the ones being irradiated in an oven or frozen in a weightless hell. There were some up top that believed that shit even though the fact of the matter was that for every day you spent on top your life would become a week shorter. 
So much for man’s ‘Immortal Revolution’.  
‘A man can live forever now’, - they’d tell you when you were little and unaware, but just not you you’d find out later. Your heroes; they get to live forever. The ball players, the big media types, the very top of the tech men; they are the immortals. And, those precious extra days they get to live were on the backs of others – namely the colonists.
I’ll be one till I’m dead. I know my place. If you’re not New Euron and you still live on Earth these days as I do; they call you the vestigials when they want to be nice and the ‘vesticles’ as in testicles when they want to be nasty. We fought a war more than a hundred years ago to gain our colonist status. Vestigial colonist status on earth means never living past forty for most of my brethren and that makes me want to be the best waterman I can be for them.


*****


Where is this man? He told me just yesterday that he’d be early this morning to check a troublesome perimeter well with me. A hard cardinal rule around here was that it takes two to investigate any calls beyond the colony’s perimeter. I wasn’t going home again to sit on my ass all day like yesterday. If he doesn’t show up within the hour I’m headin’ out without him. And I’ll log it in my hours: ‘Attended calls without my journeyman’. We’ll see how he likes that – the fat fuck.
Taffy’s problems aren’t mine. Everybody in the colony has had their ups and downs, and most - worse than his and they still managed to pull their weight. If he wasn’t good for anything else but a waterman they’d have shipped him up top long ago. 
He’s a piss tank! Makes his own, and I’m not kidding. 
“You can fuck yourself up on anything else and there will be a record somewhere of it. But I can get as drunk on fermentation as I want and no one will know unless they catch me loaded,” he told me.
Well Taffy was right about most of that but at some point his liver was going to rat him out when he turns up jaundiced at the clinic. But he was absolutely correct in that you can’t open or close a door or a switch for that matter around here without a record of the time and place that it occurred being recorded in the colony’s log.
I hear that in the log he holds the record for fruit juice consumption. I bet he’s got plenty of company, too.
Ten minutes. Then I’m loading up the Eldorado. I have no fucking idea why he calls the tractor: the Eldorado, but the old fucks around here have strange jargon for just about everything. You gotta respect them though; your elders are your elders. We don’t get to pick them and who else around here do we have to look up to?
I logged the job as a local rather than a perimeter pump inspection and maintenance visit, and checked the weather for the next six hours. Maybe, if I do everything correctly; ‘dot my eyes and cross my tees’ no one will notice that journeyman in attendance wasn’t checked off. It’s not like he’s there with me after one of his benders anyways – he sleeps most all of the ride. And believe me, that’s usually the best part of my day when that happens. If I have a problem and I have to wake him – then the shit hits the fan; Taffy doesn’t like to be woken up when he’s feeling under the weather.
I called him once more. His kit went straight to memo. I wasn’t about to leave a live record about my taking the Eldorado out for a spin to that pump. If I have to, I’ll call him from there. Chances are it’ll just need a kick or two. Of the more than one hundred and fifty pumps that we have in service; there’s only a few that need anything more than a manual reset for an overload or lost interlock.
“They’re just stupid fucking machines after all. They need a good kick in the ass once in a while. Just like some people.”
And, I’ve heard that one from you know who and more than a few times.
“Ella!”
Every time I get into the Eldorado I think of Ella. She makes me hard if you know what I mean. She’s just a year older than me and boy do I miss her. There was nothing she wouldn’t do if you follow me. I heard from her just a week ago. She had passed her exam and was to have a child early next year. We swore to each other that we’d be tight for the rest of our lives but she must be meeting a lot of new people and ones I expect that would have a lot more to offer her than I ever would.  Anyhow, if she has a kid its good for her; there’s not too many that can anymore. Luca was the last one from our colony to make it all the way and that was maybe five years ago. She works on top now – at a good job as a communication technician, no less. Fertility has a way of opening a lot of doors for you around here. I suppose being a waterman is a good go too, but it seems only the spent and disabled come back to finish out their lives here in Shelby.
The Eldorado is the fastest and most comfortable tractor in the colony; still it will take a good hour and a half for her to get to that perimeter pump today. The colony broke the budget last year and bought a faster model once we had to start relying on these perimeter pumps; Taffy and I would be spending all day and half of the night getting to and from some of the perimeter pumps beforehand. The best the old tractor could muster was twenty-five to thirty kilometers per hour. The Eldorado however, could double that and - without shaking the hell out of you. It was a sweet ride. Taffy and I had gotten green from motion sickness more than a few times with that other old piece of shit. But best of all, the Eldorado had a big beautiful cab; there was enough room in there for two or three to stretch out and do what comes natural in the case of Ella and me.
Taffy had said it many times: “Seems fucking crazy to me that most of the universe travels faster than light when they want to go somewhere but the vestigial population on Earth are limited to only sixty kilometers per hour. What the Fuck?”
I was an hour out and still I hadn’t heard a thing from Taffy. He’ll play stupid sometimes to avoid taking responsibility.  He won’t call. I bet he won’t even acknowledge that he even missed a day’s work unless I confront him about it tomorrow – then we’ll hear his excuses. 
The weather was still fair; the wind was still down. I seen a few dust devils a few meters high but nothing much else. Towards mid day there was a good chance for some incoming debris but we’re talking five millimeters and smaller – they can still rip you to pieces if you’re not ready for it.
The pump station was just coming into sight when I got buzzed by a New Euron patrol. He did a fly by and then hovered about a hundred meters in front of me.
“Fuck.”
This was the last fucking thing I was expecting. Taffy is the problem here. He’s been stopped by these pricks before. He was famous for taking the tractor out when he was three sheets to the wind. I brought the Eldorado to a stop. The patrol craft was a light armoured stinger and it began a slow approach towards my tractor.
“Operator and occupants of licensed maintenance vehicle seven, eight, alpha, nine, nine please exit and step away from your vehicle’s service side,” appeared on the Eldorado’s control annunciator.
I’m fucked now. These people can be real pricks. I fucking hate them.
I shut down the tractor and assumed the position at the side of the Eldorado. For miles all around me was nothing but dry, flat steppe. The nearest bump in the distance was my pump house. Clearly, they’re not going to wonder why I’m out here. I’m a tech man on a service call that’s just a few kilometers in front of me. But if you are me or a colonist this is just good old fashioned policing.
I kept my hands atop my head. The wind was blowing sand and grit up and into my face and I would love to lower my visor or cover my eyes with one of my hands, but that could turn out to be fatal if I attempted anything like that.
There were two of them and as they stepped away from the stinger it went up above them and began circling above the Eldorado in a tight orbit. I’ve been through this before but always with some company – never alone.
“Good morning 2002612. Where’s your mate?” asked the forward one.
“I think he’s still in bed,” I answered.
“On the cot is he? Got a pressing job today?”
“I got a pump out,” and with my hands still clasped atop my head I indicated as best I could with my brow the direction I was heading to.
“Where?”
I started to unclasp one hand to point and then the sand around my feet was peppered with light projectiles shot from above by the circling stinger.
The rear New Euron now wore that familiar smirk they all characteristically have. It makes you hate genetics when you see a room full of these guys all grinning the same way, talking the same way and behaving the same way.
“No one asked you to point, - did they?”
“No sir.”
I couldn’t look at him right now because the wind had come up and grit was stinging my face and my eyes in particular. And the forward New Euron could clearly see my discomfort.
“You keep that visor up, son. I’m going to have a little look around while you wait on us.”
So I stood there under the scrutiny of the orbiting stinger as these two went though the Eldorado.
It seemed like an eternity but after they had checked out the logs and ate my lunch they came back out and over to me.
“Everything seems copasetic in there except that you’ve got a partner who appears to be AWOL. You let him know when you see him that Jim and Barry came by for a social visit when he was out, will yuh.”
“Yeah . Yeah I will Officer Jim.”
“I’m Barry that’s Jim,” he smiled.
I could smell fermentation on his breath. It was all coming together now.
“You watch out for the incoming later today. Won’t you?”
“Yes sir. Yes I will.”
The stinger came to rest fifty meters away from the front of the idled Eldorado and the two sauntered away.
“You can lower that visor now, son.”
I rubbed my watering eyes and pulled my visor down and I could clearly see the shape and weight of something resembling one of Taffy’s bottles in a duffle bag being carried by the New Euron patrol officer Barry back to his waiting stinger.
Well no one is ever going know or care that I was out alone today. It had never dawned on me that Taffy was a bootlegger but it said a lot about why he’s tolerated around the colony.


*****


A few minutes later I was at the pump site. Its shelter had taken a solid hit or two from some incoming. There was what we called sprock and then there was spebbles. Anything larger than those two was salvage debris and they were considerably larger pieces that often made craters on impact. The damage here was done by sprock; part glass, part iron by the looks of the fragments from this one. 
I can fix up the roof with some high density, fiber board and maybe with a new air filter for the blower she’ll be alright. To me she just overheated from a clogged blower and went out on thermal overload. The sand around here is brutal and can depreciate an unprotected filter in no time. I’ll know more when I’m done in about an hour and try starting her up.
Glass sprock always reminds me of Ella. She liked the colorful pieces. We’d sometimes go gather some up after there was a good shower of incoming. She’d made jewelry out of some of the pieces she had found over the years. The glass sprock was safe to handle but some of the metal pieces could light you up on a meter if you know what I mean. Hell knows from where some of that stuff had come from.
Anyhow, I got to find me a serious hobby or find me a new girl; I get a hard on about once an hour these days. And now, just looking at sprock gets me goin’.
No word from Taffy yet and I’m not surprised. And fuck I’m hungry; those New Euron pricks ate most of my lunch. I’ll be back in the shop by late afternoon with a little luck. If the pump doesn’t start, we’ll swap her out with a fresh one tomorrow.
Well an hour later she was up and running. Not purring like a fresh one but solid enough. I think I’ll give myself an ‘A Plus’ on this one. Taffy would be happy; if he’d come along he could have slept through all of it – and that’s just the way he likes it.
I got the Eldorado on line and there were a few streamers coming in from the west so I high tailed it. Taffy and I have had to dig in a few times with the old tractor when we’ve been out in the past but as of yet we haven’t had the opportunity to try out the Eldorado’s incoming monitoring system. Supposedly, the Eldorado could automatically take evasive measures to avoid impacts from any seriously sized incoming. I like that a whole lot better than me riding shot gun with my unprotected head sticking up from the top hatch of the old tractor. One time it was just plain crazy with black plumes and lightning strikes all around us as I shouted out the directions of incoming to Taffy who was down below steering the old tractor manually. Had we followed the plotted tractor route that day I wouldn’t be here right now.
I was thinking of Ella and I’ll admit I was into some serious jerking off; what else did I have to do at the moment. Anyways, I was rudely interrupted by an alarm from the Eldorado’s annunciator. Apparently, there was a communication problem with the colony.
“Great,” I said out loud in disgust.
If it’s a power outage like last month I’ll be resetting pumps till sometime tomorrow. The old tractor would have stopped in its tracks if its connection to the local network was down but not the Eldorado; it was smart enough to find its own way home.
After a minute or two to reflect on the situation I broke my earlier promise about calling Taffy because he was going to be looking for the Eldorado in short order too, if there was a power outage but I couldn’t get any service. There had been some incoming earlier in the day but not enough to take down the global network. If that’s down too, the New Euron utilities will be out; I hate those pricks with a passion.
There’s something about being a tech man that’s a bit twisted but it appears that all the individual disciplines hate one another. It’s like it’s bred in their bones or something. Every other trade or discipline is often considered inferior or over rated compared to your own for instance. If two disciplines ever have to work together it’s always devolves into a battle of wits and egos. No one parts after a job like that happy.
I stuck my head up and out of one of the forward hatches of the Eldorado; I wanted to see something but I’m not sure what, - if that makes any sense. And I did indeed see something.
“Holy Fuck.”
There was smoke on the horizon; right where we were headed. 
“Now, that doesn’t look good.”
If that’s the colony then there is something seriously wrong. We don’t have real fires; they are extinguished immediately unless something catastrophic has happened.
There was still another twenty-five minutes of travel for the Eldorado to arrive at its shop.  I dug around in the gear to find some kit for long distance viewing. I’d not had the need to use it before but I was sure glad that the gear was here to use today.
It was difficult to keep the viewer steady enough at high magnification but I could clearly see plumes of thick black smoke rising above the colony. I tried to call up at least ten different people over the next ten minutes; all to no avail.
What am I to do? What would Taffy do?
I decided that I would interrupt the Eldorado’s program at a kilometer or two away from the south agri-pods. There was some modestly high ground there from which I should be able determine if I was about to become a part of an aid operation or a rescue operation because this definitely did not look good. 
I was fidgety and I could see visible tremors in my hands and I rubbed them together for comfort I suppose as I considered my situation. When the Eldorado finally came to a stop just shy of the south agri-mills I stuck my head out ever so carefully through the Eldorado’s top hatch. I got mouthful of pungent smoke filled air before I got my kit on tight and then I could see what was happening.
Well kind of. There were at least a half dozen individual fires going on. The power was out. I could see people here and there on rooftops and perched in various structures above ground. An explosion shook the air and a motorized machine popped out of the mayor’s quarters and took off down the road to the next home. Once there, I could hear what sounded like a mechanical pneumatic hammer coming from the same machine and then it was through the doorway of that home too, which was the head master’s quarters and suddenly she came out screaming through the opened door and down the path where the same machine rapidly overtook her in chase and then there was silence.
“We’re under attack.”
I’m supposed to be there. As soon as we turned ten we were trained to be part of the colony’s militia should it ever be needed. We had no real weapons. They were forbidden. We had improvised sticky bombs and the like but the best means of fighting off an attack were strategies to maintain the upper hand. Clearly today that wasn’t working. 
I wasn’t about to take the Eldorado down there, - that machine would certainly open it up like a tin can. I thought fast. I could bring some incendiaries that I have here in the Eldorado and a pry bar. What else could I do? I could try to make it to a rooftop just neighboring the one that had maybe eight or so people on top of it and try and join them in containing this thing. I got to get there alive first though.
These things had to be bolt-heads. They are notoriously bad climbers but relatively limber in running people down and killing them. I can say that for a fact now I suppose. I can’t tell what type they are from here. But I do know that they don’t belong here. I’ve only seen mius while watching media from deep space somewhere.
I was wound up tight as I set out with the bit of useful gear that I could find. Every foot step I made was carefully planned because these machines – they can hear everything; your breath, and even your heartbeat.
Stagger your footsteps, no repetitive patterns. Breathe through your nose. Take shallow breaths. I had at least a half kilometer to go.
Generally, bolt-heads kill with a pneumatic rod that is thrust into its victims head or chest cavity. Sometimes, they’ll also carry gas, projectiles and electric whiskers. They are usually no more than a meter in height, run on six motorized appendage pods and have a maximum speed of about sixty kilometers per hour on level terrain. They can climb staircases but not ladders or irregular vertical structures - that’s what the gas, the projectiles, and the electric whiskers are for – getting at things they can’t reach easily. They are typically used as an anti personnel weapon with aerial drone support – they are follow-up that follows a larger attack force. They clean up.
Right now, they’re cleaning out my colony. My colony: Shelby resembled a smoky ruin right now more than the sleepy colony that I had only left from a few hours earlier.
Every three minutes or so as I carefully made my way to the colony’s hub I could hear the bolt-head’s pneumatic hammer activate and I’d cringe with the thought that another colonist that I had known all my life was about to die. I hope like hell there’s just the one; I didn’t see any others but traditionally mius work in small teams. Whose door is coming down next? I know the people behind every one of them.
I was just a hundred meters from the rec hall when I saw the wreckage of another bolt-head that had already been destroyed. He was burnt black. My heart leaped at its sorry sight but I could still hear the other hammering away off in the distance.
There were people up on that rooftop now who had spotted my advance. They were waving their hands and arms to have me approach from the east. There I spotted an attached utility ladder that had its lower rungs hammered off I suppose by the rouge bolt-head. I climbed up the rungs as silently and as quickly as I could and two sets of hands pulled me over the brink at the top as the air about me whizzed with projectiles.
“Curran!”
Red, teary faces smiled back at me. I took inventory. There were eight of them. Sam the grocer and Mister Siva were the only real elders that I could see. Parneet, Maria, and Vivian who worked the agri-pods were there. Little Ivan, Brendan and Karla were the only children.
“What the hell has happened?” I asked.
Ivan was shrieking at somebody down below so loudly that I could hardly hear the six voices who sometimes in unison and sometimes separately were telling me: 
“We are under attack.” 
“They came from nowhere.” 
“The dogs are all dead.”
“Is there a team? Who are our first responders? Are there any still alive?” I asked.
“Peg is down there with the boys. They’ve killed one. This other, he’s the devil. He’s killed so many,” wailed Mister Siva.
“He’s killed thirty-one,” shouted a possessed Ivan.
A seven year old is telling me the death toll for his colony.
“You gotta stop him Curran,” said Ivan matter of factly.
“We’ll get him,” I assured him. 
“Where’s Peg and the others?” I asked looking for some direction from the others.
“She’s over here,” shouted little Ivan from the edge of the roof.
I could hear Peg shouting at Ivan to get back from the roof’s edge from wherever she was down below or across the way. 
I slipped my head over the edge of the roof and from there I could see Peg’s head of red hair and the others on the rooftop of the grocer.
“It’s about time you showed up Curran! Half the colony is gone.”
“I hurried as fast as I could, I swear. Where’s Taffy?”
She shook her head.
“He’s dead,” said Ivan. “We’re all gonna be dead soon,” he added rubbing his nose and looking down below for the remaining bolt-head that we could hear but not see at the moment.
“Here he comes Curran. Look.”
He was an energetic little death machine. Lurching about and taking inventory and such by counting voices from down below. Mius run on a program. They want victory and they want it economically. By the end of the day if need be he’ll set fire to all the buildings he feels that have targets that are still out of his reach.
“His whisker is got to be at least three meters. You can’t get near him when he whips it about,” shouted Peg.
I could see it whipping about above him. If he got you with that it would freeze you or at least slow you down just enough so he could put his bolt into you.
“Maybe we can shorten it. Maybe we can get him somewhere narrow. You know lure him; hit him with some moltovs.” I shouted back.
“You got some molotovs in your back pocket mister tech man,” shouted back Peg sarcastically.
“As a matter of fact I do. I got one - err - sort of. And two flares. But we’ll need your arm.”
Peg has a disability. She was born with a withered right leg that was removed when she was still a baby and she’s had mechanical prosthetics ever since. Somehow, the humiliation of having this disability had made her over-compensate herself like ten times over for her weakness. There were few who could challenge her athletically. She could throw, kick or hurl pretty much anything in her hand and land it accurately wherever she intended it. I can attest to that; I’ve been hit by balls, rocks, fruit and a shoe once by this person while growing up here.
The bolt-head had returned to the next home on his to do list and started pneumatically hammering into its entrance door. It seemed like an opportune moment at someone else’s expense but I shouted over to Peg,” I’m coming over. How do I get up on your roof?”
She swore before answering me as the door came down, down the street and the bolt-head quickly entered, “Fuck. That’s the Morelli’s.”
“Around the back, there’s a low shed roof you have to climb up on first. Be quick Curran. Bring whatever you brought with you,” she answered as she studied the Morelli’s house that was being invaded at the moment.
I hurried as silently as possible down the maintenance ladder and then dropped to the ground in a thud because I had to since a fucking bolt-head had removed the last three rungs. He’s going to hear that so I ran full out as fast as I could.
“Run Curran. Run. He’s coming. He’s coming to get you,” screeched little Ivan from up above.
I swear I could hear that machine just behind me as it raced full out to get me with its whisker but I had that shed roof in sight in no time. Up I went in a clatter on that tin roof and across it till I was out of its sight from down below.
“Wait right there Curran. He’ll go away in a minute if he can’t see you.”
I yelled back between breaths from where I was resting, “He likes to be busy does he?”
And soon enough, I heard him motor away at high speed back to the next home on his list. I had two more low roofs to scale and once I scaled them I found myself looking at another tattered team.
It was what was left of the colony’s young militia. There was Franco; he was a jabbering basket case and making no sense. There was Marnie; a lovely young lady who looked about twenty years older right now. Louis who was two years younger than me and home on furlough for the month; poor bastard – he’d be better off he had stayed up top. And there was Peg.
“What do you got Curran?” asked an anxious Peg. “I think we got but an hour before he’s done down there and then we’ll be next on his mind.”
“Two flares and two half liter bottles of solvent. This is good stuff. It’s very flammable.” I replied to an anxious Peg.
“It won’t work. Those bottles won’t break easily. They aren’t glass. They are not brittle enough. They won’t work. We need sticky bombs. We need the armoury,” she said sighing.
It was on fire presently.
“It’ll work. We’ll make it work.” I said.
Peg looked back. There was a little bit of hope in her eyes but not very much - and obviously for good reason. Her last two hours must have been a nightmare.
“What’s your idea?” asked Peg
“Where’s the door to this place?”
“There are a couple of them I suppose,” she replied.
“Show me the one that if that bolt-head wanted to come in here where would he come knocking.”
We were hanging our heads over the edge of a flat roof and down below were double service doors for a build-up shop down below. 
“What are you thinking Curran?” asked Peg who was staring at me like I was crazy or something.
“Just give me a minute.”
I got up from my belly and looked about for some pipe or electrical conduit that I could man handle apart. I started kicking at some piping that ran across the roof for collecting rain water; it didn’t rain around here too often but when it did it was a valuable source of water for the agri-pods. Panicked faces were staring at me as I made all sorts of noise until I had a length of it free.
The bolt-head was racing about down below and he stopped twice at that very door way down below and paused as if he could see through it though I’m sure he couldn’t. I showed Peg and her crew my plan by miming my intentions. We pour the solvent down the pipe directly over the bolt-head down below; then follow that up with a flare. The pipe should direct most of the solvent over the top of the bolt-head and thus ease the need for a molotov or sticky bomb of which we had neither.
‘Easy-peasy’ I hope.
“We need him to come to that door. Nice and close and while he hammers it open; we give him a bath and light him up. What do you think?” I asked in a hushed voice.
“And how do you get him to do that and not the other door where we can’t get above him. You’re not thinking of having someone lure him are you?”
“Maybe. Are there any dogs left?”
“They’re gone.”
“I mean the personal ones. The pets.”
“I don’t know?”
“Ivan?” I shouted over to the neighboring roof.
“What Curran.”
“Are there any more dogs alive in the colony? The pets. Not the wild ones.”
Ivan thought for a while. I know he’s been keeping track of the casualties but maybe not the pets.
“Mister Siva’s. His I think should be in his house,” replied little Ivan.
Fuck that Ivan is smart for a seven year old. It would make sense. Mister Siva was at work today and the dogs, of which he has two of, would be at home. 
“Mister Siva? Mister Siva?”I shouted. 
“Yes Curran. How may I be of help to you?”
“Could you pop your back or front door with your kit to let your dogs out if I were to ask you to do that?”
He hesitated as he digested what I might be asking for and replied, “Yes Curran I think I could do that.”
“And could you call them over here if we need to. You know – whistle for them?”
“Mister Curran that’s not how I want to see my dogs die.”
“Maybe they won’t have to. Maybe we can stop all of this Mister Siva. Save a lot of lives. What do you say?”
“I’ll do it. I’ll do it. For Ivan I’ll do it,” I could almost hear his smile.
“That might get the bolt-head to their door what about ours,” said Peg.
“I’m workin’ on it.”
Ella told me once that the reason dogs hate mius so much and any other mechanical thing for that matter; be it a bicycle, motor vehicle or other, - was that they appear to move like they are alive but they don’t possess auras. Man-machines, mius and even hybrids lack proper auras and that’s why we keep plenty of wild dogs outside of the perimeter of the colony, just like all of the other colonies wherever they might be; you want to know who’s real and who’s not. And a dog is a quick and economical way of determining these things.
I can’t see auras. Ella said she could see mine and that mine was warm and pink. I thought it was bullshit but dogs seem to like me.
Mister Siva’s dogs will respond just like the wild ones that these bolt-heads have already killed: they’ll bark, they’ll pester, and snap at the bolt-heads until they’re dead or become isolated from them.
I collected a flare and two bottles of solvent from where I had left them.

“Peg. I’m going to take this pipe and these two bottles of solvent over there,” and I pointed towards Mister Siva and little Ivan. “I’m going to leave you with this flare and I’ll take the other. You got a better arm than me. You know what I mean.”
“Okay tech man,” grinned Peg.
Next, I know that normally Mister Siva should be able to pop his door remotely with his kit, but will it happen today with half the colony on fire and all the communications down? Kit is different. A lot of it is personal. Often it is tied to some devices directly rather than through a network and particularly when it comes to home security. Soon we’ll find out if that’s the case; I’m just a plumber after all.
The bolt-head was busy hammering down the door to the home of two of our elderly: Grace and Marcel. They have been members of our colony for over sixty years.
“Peg I need you drop the pipe down to me once I’m down the ladder.”
I could manage the rest and luckily the collection pipe was very light because I didn’t want any more weight to carry because that bolt-head was going to be hot on my trail.
I ran as quick as my legs would carry me as anxious eyes watched my progress from the two rooftops. Not until the last ten meters or so did I hear any encouragement from the others.
“He’s coming Curran! He’s coming!” screeched little Ivan.
I had been listening for his approach and I also was dearly hoping that he had not quite dispatched Marcel and Grace yet; they were favourites within the colony for their vast practical knowledge and experience. Marcel was an awesome story teller. Once I had reached my access point to the neighboring rooftop I realized that the bolt-head had removed more of the metal access from the neighboring building from my last run. I was going to have to jump and swing myself up about two meters to reach the first leg of my ascent. So I heaved the pipe I had been carrying up and on top of a lower attached roof.
“Hurry!” screamed Peg and I knew I had little time to waste now. 
I felt his whisker cutting the air beneath me as I climbed the ladder as quickly as I could and more by my arms than my legs that dangled about in the air beneath me. He must have run out of projectiles or I would have been a dead man then and there for certain. He started hammering on the ladder with his bolt in an effort to shake me down and it almost worked. That fucking thing is relentless, I thought to myself.
Mister Siva greeted me with his pleasant smile at the edge of the roof and I nodded back to him as I caught my breath and collected my senses.
“You did it. You did it again Curran,” applauded little Ivan as his eyes bulged out of his head.
The bolt-head was again gone from down below us and on his way back to Marcel’s and Grace’s entrance door. Suddenly, there was no more time to carefully plan my next steps. It was clear that my actions in the next few minutes were going to save two people that I loved or condemn them to death. I collected my length of pipe, the bottle of solvent and the flare and positioned myself as best I could above the front doors of the maintenance building at the roof’s edge.
“Mister Siva. I need you to pop one of your doors and call the dogs out now.”
I’d seen Mister Siva call his two dogs many times. He would whistle for them with two fingers of his left hand and they would come running from wherever they were. The dogs were a funny pair one was a border collie and the other a tiny terrier cross. It was not going to matter; I’ve seen both chase my tractor on occasion. Hopefully today, they will be fearless and attack the bolt-head.
Mister Siva popped his front door and the bolt-head immediately stopped his hammering. Both Buster and Lucy bounded out of the house and after the bolt-head. There was snapping and barking and yelp came from the little one when it was struck with the bolt-head’s whisker. But, she didn’t care and continued to yap at the bolt-head but albeit from a safer distance.
“Call them Mister Siva.”
He was visibly upset but brought his fingers to his lips and called the two dogs. They immediately bounded into our direction and their master’s call with the bolt-head in chase. Things were getting really tense up in my head at about this time. I could only imagine my failure. I was only going to get one chance at this and then it was all going to come undone.
“Come on Lucy! Come on Buster! Come on girl!” called out just about everyone atop the two roofs.
Mister Siva whistled two more times as the dogs approached us but they were just out of reach of my pipe.
Come on pups. Come on. But they just froze in their tracks until the bolt-head showed up and he, - came just a little closer. And I got him. Just like that. Almost all of the half liter of solvent I had went right over his head like it came out of a bathroom shower head.
The bolt-head however went into an immediate retreat and by the time I had my flare ready he was long out of reach of any throw from where I stood. I clambered across the roof as quick as I could but my throw fell at least two meters shy of the retreating bolt-head.
There was silence. I was crestfallen. I was too shattered to even take a breath. And then like it had fallen from heaven - the remaining flare thrown by Peg hit its mark.
The whirring machine lit up like a motorized bonfire. It proceeded for another meter or two and then came to a full stop. People cheered from the rooftops. Little Ivan screeched every four letter word he knew.
“We did it Curran! We annihilated that fucking thing!” exclaimed an excited little Ivan with a shower of spit.
I looked around. Mister Siva was smiling appreciatively. The two dogs were still barking and Peg was beaming from the neighboring rooftop.


*****


It was devastation and people were acting predictably; some were distraught, some were focused on the wounded and caring for those who were most affected by the attack. But again, someone had to take charge or we were all going to freeze to death over night or starve to death in about two weeks time. I took Peg with me and we looked for Karl. Karl was the last acting mayor and had retired from his duties of running the colony some two years earlier; he was sixty-five years old and once he left the mayor’s post he moved to just within the inner perimeters of Shelby on its east side which appeared to be comparably unscathed from the bolt-head attack.
“They’ll listen to Karl,” I told Peg as we headed towards his home.
There were dust devils stirring up just as they always do before sun set and we both donned visors to make the short hike in the remaining light of the day.
“That was brilliant thinking back there Curran. I don’t know how we would have managed much longer without you.”
“Just a fresh set of eyes. That’s all it was. I hadn’t been chased all over the colony for hours like you guys must have.”
“Oh! It seemed like forever. I hope they didn’t get Karl,” fretted Peg as we picked up our pace in the swirls of wind.
“There’s his place and the door is still intact,” I said.
I began knocking at Karl’s door while Peg toured around the yard. The door crept open but ever so carefully and for good reason considering what had been going on just a few hundred meters away over the past two hours.
“I like that sound of your knock much better,” said an old and familiar voice behind the door. “It has a human touch. Curran. Goodness. Has it ended?”
“Yes Karl the bolt-heads are gone.”
“They’re not just gone – like they could be back?” asked Karl.
“No. We set fire to the two that appeared to have attacked the colony. But frankly I don’t know if there are more of them coming Karl. That’s why Peg and I are here. We need your help. Shelby needs to get organized if it’s to survive. Our acting mayor is gone. They got him. Seen it myself. People will listen to you Karl. Will you help?”
“Yes. We all must help each other. We need a head count and teams. One for security, one for getting the essentials restored; like power and water and err, - sanitation, so those who have survived don’t get sick. If we can do all that quickly – people will come together. People will listen. That’s how it works my boy; people will cooperate if you can provide for them,” he winked.
He had two other elderly couples with him inside: the Andersen’s and Taffy’s mum and dad - not precisely however, but that’s what he referred to them as many times – and are they going to be upset. The group of them appeared to have armed themselves with table legs and such. These people, as old as they are were tough as nails when confronted with conflict. They would have all been all too familiar with the uprisings and the violence that plagued the local colonies just twenty-five years earlier. Then it was the chaos that ensued after an economic meltdown in the near space colonies. People were actually starving to death back then and the logical result was a lot of desperate behavior by even nice people or so I’ve been told. You gotta hope that nothing like that ever reoccurs again.
“What about notifying the New Eurons?  Are they not responsible for these matters?” asked Peg.
“That will follow as soon as we can consolidate our own safety. If we get some power?  Certainly. Will they care? I’m suspect,” answered Karl.
“We’ve got neighbors. What about Maverton? They’re not far from here. They need to be warned or maybe they need our help,” I added.
“First the necessities!” replied Karl in a take charge manner that I remembered from back in my youth.


*****


It was pretty devastating. Forty percent of the colony’s population was now deceased. Another ten percent were injured and some seriously. The clinic was down. The grocer was doing amputations. There was no central power being generated. The agri-pods had no heat and no light. Luckily, there were enough tractors available to provide shelter from the elements for those who were still alive but the tractors themselves would require refueling within a few days if they were to run around the clock.
I hailed the Eldorado to come back to the shop. Peg went to help the wounded and the other needy ones. Shelby was now in complete darkness except for the illumination being emitted from the tractor cabs.
Why do elders throw themselves directly into a fray? We lost so many. There was not a single journeyman from any of the tech disciplines still alive. The main pump house was still intact but there was no power to run it. I could get water from several nearby wells but I needed power to create some head pressure and the water wasn’t potable anyways without treatment.
Arnie was our only tech man left living who had some electrical experience. He was normally the consummate kidder and he would frequently toy with me pretty much anytime I’d see him, but tonight he was a total basket case. He was young, - but only a year younger than me.
“Curran,” he said, “We’re fucked! I don’t know how this fucking stuff works when it’s running. How am I going to fix it if it’s been burnt to the ground?”
His powerhouse that provided most of the colony’s needs was pretty much non-existent at the moment.
“Well Arnie, we’ll start with something temporary for today and we’ll think about something more permanent at a later date.”
He looked at me as if I was crazy.
“Can we use power cells like those I use out in the perimeter for lighting up a couple of pods and running a couple of local pumps?”
“Yeah I suppose. But the power needed to heat and light even a couple of pods will drain light-use cells like those in no time. In a week or so they’ll need to be replaced or recharged, Curran.”
“Well Arnie, I think the first thing we need to do is to get one of them cells connected up to a link so we can call JUNCKE to order some more power cells.”
Again, Arnie looked at me like I was crazy.
“Yep. Me and you buddy. You can be the sparky, I’ll hold the lamp. Let’s get busy.”


*****


Arnie and I didn’t get any sleep until the next evening, and it was Karl who insisted that we take a break when we did grab a few hours. But we had potable water running. Not a lot, but enough to meet our present needs for the time being and we got two of the agri-pods serviced. A and B were put back on line; starches and protein. Uneaten food had been collected from the deceased colonists’ homes before it spoiled and the grocery price for a pound of sugar had tripled overnight. Thanks a lot Sam.
Communications was still a problem. The techs had a system up and running in short order once Arnie and I gave them a little power but they could hail no one. Our SOS’s went unanswered. Karl, who is always considering the bigger picture, told us not read too much into that for the time being. After all, we don’t know the scale of what might be occurring elsewhere. However, most of us worried. Tomorrow, the techs would focus on sending a drone down the road to the relatively nearby colony of Maverton.
Our colony of Shelby, were considered to be educators though that got scaled way back years ago with the development on Nouveau Paris. The Mavertons however, were manufacturers. They had a tidy little business assembling about a dozen different mechanical products for JUNCKE. JUNCKE liked small colonies; they were easy to take advantage of. The Mavertons would never admit that though. I’ll say one thing about them however; Mavertons didn’t work on top like my brethren do.
When I eventually did wake up it was because little Ivan was jumping on my bed.
“Curran. Curran. A truck has showed up!”
Little Ivan was wound up pretty good. He was jacked with his eyes bulging and his nervous repetitive behavior of eye rubbing, hand wringing and presently - jumping. The whole colony was secretly anticipating Ivan’s first day at a real school. It was still a year off and it won’t be here in Shelby thankfully. When they do get a hold of him, they’ll program all his excess energy right out of him. He knows it. We all know it. And though it will be a little sad when it happens - we’ll all be better for it. They’ll take the crazy kid out of him and they’ll put a nice ambitious tech man in his place.
An unmanned truck had indeed showed up and it was from our closest neighbors in Maverton no less. Seems that they too were having communication problems, but now at least our two colonies could communicate.
Maverton was not attacked but they suspected that someone was and were quite upset to hear about our colony’s woes. The mayor of Maverton was quite adamant that we should all recall the similar pattern of events at the outset of colonial uprisings in the past and the great colonial war of two hundred years ago. 
“I’ve seen this all before: all of a sudden nothing works right; operating systems won’t boot, communications systems won’t function, everything becomes a mystery as to what has happened. You feel so isolated and vulnerable. If its war, - you know what they say: the first casualty is the truth,” he emphasized.
A little bit of information always causes the same things - most notably panic and conspiracy theories. 
Our own interim mayor was soon at his wits end with people. We need more dogs. What about our vestigial rights. Where is the law?
I volunteered that I had been put through the New Euron trooper wringer just hours before the attack and in my own honest estimation they seemed oblivious as to what was happening or about to happen to our colony. That little revelation only reddened more faces with anger.
“Get those fucking New Eurons down here,” someone shouted.
“Like right fucking now!” screeched an angry woman who I had only known to be quiet and soft spoken up to now.
Karl might be a bit rusty at being mayor but he knew how to diffuse an angry mob – he gave everyone a job to do. Those who wanted dogs were sent looking for more dogs. Dogs aren’t hard to find. They’ve been following men for millennia. Those who were bent on dreaming up conspiracy theories were sent on separate individual tasks so they wouldn’t be able to feed on one and another’s crazy ideas. No one was happy. That’s what stress will do to a community – rip it up, - unless there’s some good leadership.


*****


A meeting was to be called and the first of many I would think. It was Karl’s intention that to keep a lid on things that there would be regular meetings for all of those who were interested and in particular for any others that had grievances or insecurities they wanted to be addressed – to get addressed promptly. Karl needed a team to support him. He needed like minded people who he could depend on and elders were not enough so he sought me out because of all the concerns the remaining colonists had so far complained about none concerned the need for water. I was golden; it was much easier to provide a colony’s water needs when its population is near halved. Presently, there was enough water that could be obtained from existing wells within the colony’s perimeter and should we lose power they could be drawn from manually if needed.
The tech men that were really under pressure were those who maintained the colony’s communications – they were put back by centuries. Everything and I mean everything was dependant on getting communications back. And those that operated the agri-pods needed communications to purchase more power supplies from JUNCKE. And Sam the grocer he too needed communications to order food that we could no longer provide by ourselves. In its present state the colony was no longer sustainable without support from outside and ultimately the same applied to Maverton who had running pods and plenty of power but no communications. Who would ever think that JUNCKE would be so intrinsically important to our survival? If you can’t grow enough food then you need to buy it; we’ve done it before.
We used the very same building for our meeting that Peg had thrown the flare from. It was a maintenance building that was mostly redundant now without the agri-pods in full production. Everyone was there except for the tech men who were still busy trying to get the communications back up.
Things appeared to be pretty tame in our ad hoc meeting hall when I first entered the facility, the crowd if you could call it that appeared to be pretty solemn for the most part. Most of them were actually busy eating frozen confections that were being phased out for more important things – like real food. As soon as Karl and his wife arrived however, things got more exciting.
People started shouting and demanding answers to questions that Karl could not possibly answer. There was some finger pointing and some harsh words exchanged by some of those who felt that their needs were more important than others.
“Let’s have some order in here ladies and gentlemen. Everyone who wants to speak will be allowed to speak but there will be order in here. These are very trying times for all of us. Many of us are under a great deal of stress. Many of us have lost good friends and neighbors. I think the first order of business should be a minute of silence to remember our fallen. All those in favor say aye” said Karl.
“Aye,” said the room in unison.
Mister Siva was next to speak. He and his team had taken the dead to a makeshift cemetery just within the colony’s perimeter and buried the dead. The use of a cemetery was pretty uncommon way of dealing with the dead but because of their numbers and the lack of power to dispose of them properly it was deemed to be the best solution. In all, sixty-three were buried and all of them in individual and identified graves. 
Sam the grocer followed Mister Siva and there was plenty of grumbling while he spoke. People were not happy with the prices of some of the food and Sam pointed out that they were going to be a lot less happy when there is no food left to eat which he expected to become a reality in just a month’s time.
Little Ivan interrupted the meeting several times with his own outbursts about why people were yelling at one another and he did his own finger wagging much to the amusement of some. Though Ivan’s intrusions were unwanted they did at the same time add some levity to the situation. What little Ivan wanted to know about however was this; and he shouted it out quite forcefully, “Treaty, ‘Shmeaty’. What’s a treaty?”
The treaty in question was the Vestigial Colonist Act of twenty-two-twenty that brought the remaining residents of Earth up to colonist status. It settled a long and hard fought war between the Republic and those who still remained on Earth. The New Eurons were largely excluded from the act at the time because they were for the most part very busy colonizing the rest of near and deep space much like many others. Only recently, say in the last one hundred years have they re-colonized back here on Earth. They were outsiders like the rest of them who had left but now insisted on imposing their political ideas on the planet they had abandoned centuries earlier.
The most contentious compromise that we Earth colonists had to agree to, was that our colonies could not have a population greater than two hundred people. That rule was strictly enforced to contain any ambitions we might have to increase our autonomy from the Republic. We were under their thumb and more recently it was a New Euron thumb, too. There were some exceptions however: there were seven city states allowed. One per continent and a contentious development in recent years was a new fledgling city state being formed on Vancouver Island something the New Eurons and the Republic were most upset with. The last contact I had with Ella was from the newly declared city state of Vancouver Island.
Ella. You left at a good time. You were always so lucky.
The other contentious compromise our forefathers had made back in twenty-two-twenty with the Republic concerned protected land entitlements. Where we once could call all of Earth our home we were now only permitted to live on land allotments that had become increasing smaller of late. It was plain to see if you were one of us that there appeared to be an organized agenda to marginalize our numbers until we no longer exist on Earth.
They literally take the water and soil from Earth and export it all over the universe. Fresh water lakes have been emptied. Mountains have been levelled for aggregate. Cities and towns disappeared as everyone but the stubborn were forced to inhabit colonies all over near and deep space. It didn’t happen overnight. It didn’t happen over decades. It happened over centuries and we are what is left – and we’re not happy about it.
“If they want a damn fight, we’ll give them one! That’s for damn sure,” shouted Mister Breau.
“They can stick their damn numbers up their ass for all I care,” he added once Karl asked for order again.
The numbers he was referring to are twenty-four digits in all and everyone has one. You were required to memorize them and to recite them on demand - even from children before enrolling in preschool. They identified who you were and where you lived and who your parents or guardians were and on and on.
“I’ll send a message to Crowe as soon as we have communications. And we’ll get to the bottom of this. You have my word,” said Karl as he wrapped up the meeting.
Crowe was our governor. He was the sole state representative of the three hundred million people that still called Earth home. He wasn’t elected; he was a puppet and appointed by the Republic. Mister Siva liked to refer to him as a soulless tyrant.


*****


I awoke the next day to the depressing news that one of our own had taken her life late last night. She was a good soul, a pre-school teacher and a bit of a loner. One who was normally quick to volunteer when help was needed anywhere but last night at the meeting she was unusually silent, not that she was inclined to complain but more because she was the type to react positively to challenges like we discussed as a group at the meeting. She was just thirty but I guess she had had enough. We’ll miss Lilly and poor Mister Siva; he’ll need to dig another hole again.
And there was more news. A New Euron patrol had arrived at Maverton and they were asking questions about a waterman named Taffy; seems another New Euron patrol had gone missing not long after having contact with him two days ago. Media drones were rumoured to be around, too. A major communications outage and, some dead colonists appeared to be just enough to bring them around looking for a story.                             
I had only the time to have breakfast when Karl and two New Euron Service officers showed up at my door.
“Good morning Curran. These two New Euron gentlemen would like a word or two with you. I’ve reminded them of your rights and vestigial status.”
These two were the real deal. They were short, trim, tanned, near bald and very serious. They also both were outfitted with heavy kits and side arms.  And dangling from each of their necks were the New Euron National Service’s signature grenades.
In the time it took for a flash and a flutter of illumination on the leader’s kit they already knew more about me than I knew about me. They asked to see the tram or as Taffy and I would call it: the Eldorado.
It was kind of refreshing to meet two New Eurons that weren’t sarcastic or condescending. But I wouldn’t mess with them. I’d heard crazy things about New Euron National Service officers blowing their own heads off as just part of their job some days. I took them to the shop where the Eldorado was parked all the while most of our remaining colonists stared at the presence of the New Euron National Service officers’ progress with interest. Peg had Ivan under her wing; he didn’t need to see this - me being questioned by some very threatening looking New Euron National Service officers – his last two days had been nightmares already.
They methodically checked the logs of the shop and the Eldorado and then the questions started. Karl kept eye contact with me the whole time. He’d nod when I could speak and when he was in agreement with my answers and shook his head when he wanted me to stop speaking. This was all legal and I was essentially already on trial.
“Why were you alone that day?” they asked. “Where was Mister Taffy?”
I answered as best as I could and Karl reminded them that both logs answered these questions already.
“Why was our colony’s waterman stopped?” asked Karl.  “Why was his tram searched on the day in question?” he continued. “What was removed from the tram that day by the troopers?”
They were not amused with Karl’s inferences and they wanted to take me in for a more in depth interview.
“That’s not happening gentlemen. My colony is in crisis at the moment and this man is our only surviving waterman. His presence here is guaranteed under our treaty with the Republic. I would expect that the New Euron National Service should be more interested in the apprehension of those responsible for the bolt-head attack that killed off pretty much half of my damn colony!”
Another blink of illumination from the leading officer’s kit closed the case and the two were on their way.
“What about our colony? What about our dead? Don’t you at least want to look at these murderous machines or take a report from us about what has happened?” shouted Karl as the two marched off to board a very large stinger, one that had a heavy heater battery mounted beneath its nose.
“You can file a claim just like the others. Have you or any of your charges come in contact with any more man-machines of late?” asked the leading officer as he prepared to climb into the stinger.
“No. We use dogs. Nothing,” answered Karl to the amusement of the departing New Euron National Service officers who could clearly hear Mister Siva’s dogs barking their fool heads off in the distance.
‘Dogs bark at strangers and there’s nothing stranger to a dog than someone without an aura’, that’s what my Ella would say. Mister Siva’s dogs just don’t like New Eurons either and I can’t say I blame them.
Little Ivan broke free from Peg and threw a rock towards the rising stinger. The rest who had watched what had just transpired shook their heads in disbelief.
“Pricks,” shrieked little Ivan after the stinger as it accelerated away with a significant wake of wind that blew through our half empty colony.
“Didn’t they have the best kit, Curran? They had the best fuckin’ kit...” sang out little Ivan like a tipsy song bird as he nervously pranced about.
And I nodded to the boy in agreement.
“Ivan. Nicer talk please.”
I hate New Eurons – they are all too fucking crazy about things. They’re crazy smart, crazy fit, crazy tough, crazy fighters and crazy winners. And even when they win peace – it’s got to be way crazy better for them than for their defeated adversaries.
 

*****


It took about ten days for the reality to set in: there was no future in staying in Shelby any longer. The colony was finished. Some had already started packing; Maverton had openings. They didn’t need a waterman however. They had Tyson; who was a jerk but a good waterman nonetheless. Karl said that the treaty provided a sixty day relaxation period of the two hundred cap on a colony populations when there were emergencies but not to expect a day longer from the Republic or the New Eurons. 
No one had claimed responsibility for the attack on Shelby and some felt it was a message from those who wanted our land that we needed to move along. We were after all nomadic people in a sense; for instance if the availability of water disappeared we’d certainly move to somewhere where there was some. In this case it was salvaging. We live on a plain and an enormous one – perfect for crashing the old low orbit structures that circled the planet. Many of them supported no real populations anymore. There were still plenty of matter transporters up there that were kept busy exporting aggregate and water and the odd vestigial colonist I suppose. The only real colony that orbited Earth anymore was the moon. The moon was the home of some of the wealthiest people in the Republic and they literally looked down on us down here.
Ella and I often kidded about having a home there someday; but on the light side of course. A couple of thousand square meters of living space on the shores of the Sea of Tranquility or the Ocean of Storms. This would all occur when I won immortality – like that was ever going to happen. Anyhow, I was getting tired of dodging incoming here anyways. Sooner or later a big chunk of that was going to land on top of me while I slept if I hung around here much longer.
Little Ivan and the handful of children we had left sure missed Lily. I spent time with him when I could with his preschool studies but his exercises where nothing like what I was familiar with from even just ten years ago. Maverton had a preschool teacher and the elders here were well aware that these kids needed a proper preschool teacher.
My prediction was that big changes were coming as soon as tomorrow’s meeting and until then I was going to enjoy my new found personal space: Taffy’s old quarters. The bolt-heads got him at the shop. His death was quick or so as far as Mister Siva could tell before he was buried with the others. I’m telling yah and with no exaggeration that half the living space in his quarters was devoted to brewing or distilling alcohol. I tossed it all out back. I’ve never taken a drink or abused myself in any other way like that. A wise man once said, - that we drink for the other voice. I never knew what that meant until I spent a year with Taffy. Depending on how drunk he was he could be confident and upbeat or down, dirty and mean. I want to be in charge of my own faculties.


*****


Two media drones were in attendance at the meeting – they’d come by transport from the Thirteenth Colony which was the very hub of the Republic. One was from Colony Thirteen News and Information which was a government sponsored news company and the other was from a more egalitarian organization called Freedom News that was affiliated with a university campus from Nouveau Paris, no less.
There was plenty of tension in the air; you could almost smell it. Little Ivan was in good spirits; he amused himself by interfering with the drones. Little Ivan loved the glamour of technology and drones don’t come by too often around here. In today’s case it took a catastrophe to warrant such a visit.
A summary of the last meeting’s minutes were read while bitter men waited and exhaled. The drones meanwhile panned the room and recorded all of our troubled faces for future posterity.
Then finally Karl spoke up and announced that any new business that those in attendance wanted to be discussed were to form an orderly line that had already been formed a half hour earlier and would then be given time to speak of their concerns.
The elephant in the room tonight was that there had been rumours of neighboring colonies being reluctant to absorb any members of our colony.
“Where the hell am I to go,” shouted Sam the grocer who was soon to be out of business. “I’d be better off in a hole in the ground like the others,” and he pointed in the general direction of our make shift grave yard.
The problem was that if you had a good income or a useful skill set then there were some openings but if you were like most of us, like the pod keepers for instance – no one had a place for you. And worse, if you were young like Ivan, Brandon and Karla – you were a liability, an unwanted investment or negative equity. The only members of the our colony that had a chance of finding a placement in the neighboring colonies were retired pensioners of which Karl was one; and this did not go over very well to say the least with those attending the meeting.
In no time there was a motion passed by a show of hands to remove Karl as mayor because he was seen as having a conflict of motivation in his ability to represent the others. This was the beginning of the end as far as I could see it; in another week it’ll be every man, woman or child for himself.
Some of those in attendance simply got up and left the meeting as it deteriorated. The newly elected mayor: Ravneesh who was a mechanic by trade was red faced and slobbering all over himself within minutes of being sworn in by defending his own agenda. I too, decided to leave at this time and I collected Ivan who looked perturbed and dismayed with all the arguing that he did not quite literally understand but instinctually knew to be a bad omen for the future of his colony. 
“Where will I go”, asked a teary Ivan as I tugged him along beside me by his jacket’s collar?
“You’ll go with me,” I answered and I took his hand to find Peg.
Peg had no time for politics; being an outcast of sorts because of her disability she had little use for the pity politics she had become tired of.
“I’m surprised with you Curran. Did you really think a committee was going take care of anyone else but themselves? What were you thinking waterman? I thought you had a good head on your shoulders. The old order is gone. Those who have a future are going to do everything they can to maintain it and people like you and I – we need a new future.”
“What about the young ones?” I said.
“They are in the same boat as you and I – they can come along,” she said while smiling sarcastically.
Peg was right. Good governance becomes unraveled when times are tough. People want more than hope from their leadership – they want results.


*****


The following morning could not have started on a worse note; at about an hour before sunrise the new dogs started barking and acting up which quite naturally resulted in all kinds of anxiety amongst the surviving citizens of Shelby. These animals had not yet been properly trained and the chance that a man-machine or miu was about had to be near zero. It would have been a ridiculous waste of resources of any malicious entity to have spent any more time here; the colony of Shelby was near finished as of last night.
As far as I was concerned the dogs were simply hungry like the rest of us or spooked by some vermin.
Anyways, about a dozen of us assembled at the old burnt out armouries; it was a concoction of the willing and consisted of what was left of the Shelby militia and a few more that couldn’t sleep once the alarm had been raised. There was still sleep in our eyes as we looked back at each other under lamp light. And except for our little team there was no one else to be seen on the streets of what was left of Shelby; seeing how the remaining members of the colony had all barricaded themselves into their homes in what was left of the cold dark night.
“Curran, what are we doing here?” asked Peg who had bed clothes on under her jacket.
“I don’t know. It’s probably a raccoon that’s stirred the dogs up. We’ve all been tossing spoiled food out.”
“What are we to do then?”
“Look like we’re doing something,” I suggested. “Let’s split into three groups and we’ll search the colony for nothing, I suppose. They won’t let us sleep until we at least do something.”
No raccoons or man-machines were found after an hour of searching and no one got any sleep either. Some suggested that the departing drones had spooked the dogs and that was possible. Apparently, they had left in a hurry in the middle of the night for another colony that had been hit hard by some incoming about five hundred kilometers from here. I was starting to get the idea that all of this appeared to be scripted. Cynical thinking comes naturally to me; I’m one of those glass half empty people. But I learned a long time ago that thoughts like these are best kept to yourself or people will think less of you, if you know what I mean. 
I spent the rest of the morning tending to pumps and water lines. Little Ivan followed me around for part of an hour but he left me to watch the Townsends and Santuccis pack up and head for Maverton by tractor. Angelo and Renata had had enough. He was hoping to get work up above and Renata had been making a good living in communications up until a few weeks ago here in Shelby. The Townsends had good friends in Maverton who were going to put them up for at least sixty days or so and frankly we all expected that they would be the first to leave anyways.
Karl said it best later that day: “Maverton isn’t far away enough from this kind of trouble.”
Later in the day, I was approached by Mister Breau. He, Purneet, Maria, and Vivian wanted to head to Maverton, too. Mister Breau had family in the Thirteenth Colony that he was going to stay with and he would continue onto there from Maverton. The young ladies needed to find employment and Maverton’s communications were back on line. They all offered to pay for the ride but I couldn’t take money from friends. Everyone was going to get a free ride tomorrow in the Eldorado because there was official colony business to attend to:  two on-loan power supplies to bring back for Arnie and his new apprentice.
So, the exodus had now started.


*****


I took most of Taffy’s gear out of the Eldorado to make more room for my passengers and their personal effects. Ravneesh wanted to see me but that was going to have to wait until I got back from Maverton and probably not until near nightfall. Mister Breau had several large pieces of luggage and thankfully the ladies were only going to Maverton for the day and had only a few bags between them. The Eldorado wasn’t designed to be much of a people mover. It could accommodate a lot of gear for line work and such but there was only proper seating for four so things were going to be cramped while we travelled.
Little Ivan wanted to come along in the worse way but I reminded him that he had preschool work to do and he complained that it was no fun without Lilly. Peg would have to care for him; as much as I loved him he could be difficult to keep track of at times here in Shelby let alone in Maverton.
We headed out a few hours behind the Santuccis and the Townsends. The Eldorado would likely catch up to them and overtake them in an hour or so – the typical tractor around here was pretty slow. The ladies kept quiet for the most part and only looked away from their kit a few times as we travelled. Mister Breau however was amped up; he was very vocal and reflective about the time that he had spent in Shelby.
“Curran, Shelby was a wonderful place to live. I could do it all over again – minus the last week or two of course. I’ve hung my kit and gear in Shelby for most of my life. I’d do it all over again – without a doubt.”
Mister Breau was a lovely man. He was late into his life these days and he’d always been known for repeating himself and retelling the same stories over and over again. I think he was just a romantic. He saw the best in everything and was inclined to make excuses for everything else that wasn’t so pleasant.
“I knew your mother back in the day. Did I ever tell you that?”
In the past I’ve answered this same question with him as yes and no – and it was always answered with the same story. So today being the last time I would ever get to speak with Mister Breau I answered no. “No I don’t think you have mister Breau. What was she like?”
Mister Breau was now clearly excited. His eyes grew brighter and he wore a real genuine grin.
“She was a lovely young lady when I knew her; not yet a waterman. This was back when I was not quite a teen.  She was two years older than I back then and smart as a whip I might add; always at the top of her class. She reminded me of your friend,” and he paused to think for a moment, “Ella and absolutely everyone adored her.”
My eyes grew wider.
“Your mother would be so proud. You saved the day. You saved Shelby. I wouldn’t be on my way to Maverton today if it wasn’t for you. I bet not one person has thanked you for that.”
“Well Mister Breau I did show up an hour too late. Timing is a short coming of mine I suppose.”
“You didn’t show up late in my case did you? And not a single person that lived through that disaster has thanked you. No one has said: hero. Have they?”
“No and no one needs to,” I answered.
“And that’s what your mother would have said. So I say thank you. Because of you, I have yet another chapter in my life.”
I smiled back at the overly exuberant sexagenarian. I was not used to praise. I was used to Taffy telling me that I had to work harder or that I was not cut out to be a waterman and that I be better suited with a job up top. It’s terrible, but I don’t miss that man. He didn’t believe in positive re-enforcement when it came to mentoring, he was more apt to give you kick up the ass if you screwed up or some sarcasm if you didn’t.
Anyhow, I didn’t get one of Mister Breau’s infamous and often told stories as our last conversation. He was famous for his - there’s always a wolf at the door themes. Mister Breau was okay; he was like me - a glass half empty kind of guy. I hope he lives another sixty years if that’s what he wants.


*****



A welcoming party of Mavertons met us at the colony’s perimeter. I guess since the bolt-head attack on Shelby security had become an issue in Maverton, and rightly so. I knew only the local waterman of Maverton personally; the rest were always just polite people who kept to themselves. However, the group that came to meet us today should have been wearing masks; one even carried a makeshift heater.
“What business do you have here?” demanded the spokesperson of the group.
“We’re from Shelby,” I answered.
That appeared to be the wrong thing to say and out came the makeshift heater.
“We have a few hours of business to do here in Maverton and then we’ll be heading back.”
“We heard there’s migrants on their way,” shouted one.
“I’ve got no migrants. I got a gentleman who’s come to visit some family here and three young ladies who want to register for employment up top. We’ve got very little in the way of communications back in Shelby.”
“We’ve heard,” said the group’s spokesman.
Two of them entered the Eldorado and questioned all of my passengers. A call was even made to confirm Mister Breau’s story.
As for me they told me I wasn’t getting the two power supplies I was to bring back to Shelby and that the people of Shelby could go fuck themselves. Mister Breau was mortified – I guess in some situations there are wolves at every door.
 “Don’t you come out of Maverton with them power supplies or there will be trouble,” I was warned and then they let us continue.
Everyone was rattled now. Maria was crying and Parneet was comforting her. I was worried for the Townsends and the Santuccis. I switched the Eldorado to manual and drove her right into the heart of Maverton and parked out front of the colony’s head office. Every street we went along our way and every intersection we stopped at people seemed to stare at us suspiciously like they had nothing better to do.
“These look like people who haven’t slept too well lately,” I said to the others in the cab.
“No. These look more like people who haven’t worked in a week to me,” added Mister Breau.
Maybe Mister Breau was onto something there.
“People died in Shelby; lots of them. No one died here,” cried Maria as she cleared her sinuses into a tissue.
Something died here. That’s for sure - is what came to my mind.
When the ladies had regained their composure they left the Eldorado for the colony of Maverton’s head office with instructions to meet me back here in two hours time. Mister Breau was unusually quiet while I drove him to his family’s residence.
I helped him with his kit and gear at his family’s single floor dug out and when we were done Mister Breau broke his silence.
“Good luck young man – and always look ahead,” he said in a shaky voice and we shook hands.
I went to collect the two power supplies at Maverton Utility’s yard. I’d been there many times with Taffy to swap and borrow from the guys there. They were a good bunch and I hoped nothing had change with that relationship. Anthony was usually the guy I’d see for my needs as a waterman but today I’d need to see a fella named Dakota.
I think Dakota and Taffy went to the same school of ‘I don’t give a shit’. He shuffled around and generally got up off his ass as little as he had to.
“Did you meet the colony greeters out there today?”
I think I knew what he meant and I nodded.
“They’re pricks if you ask me. I bet a couple of bolt-heads would smarten them up,” said Dakota as we walked through a warehouse that was crammed full of hardware and parts for manufacturing.
 “These guys have no fucking idea,” added Dakota.
We got to the power supplies and they looked to be more than lightly used.
“Tell your mayor that this is all we got and we’re not expecting anymore in the near future. Near everyone is avoiding travel to any place remotely close to Shelby – JUNCKE included. They look like they’ve had a hard life but they’re in running order,” said Dakota as the two of us considered the two power supplies on a skid in front of us.
“I’ll help you load them into your tractor. You managing alright without your old boss around, Curran?”
“Yeah. It would be great if he was still around. I do miss him, but it’s gotten much easier providing the colony’s water needs once you consider the math – half the households are gone, near eighty percent of the colony’s agri-pods are out of commission...”
I hid the power supplies as best I could but frankly if someone wanted to search the Eldorado they’d be easy to find. I was hoping to see the mayor of Maverton to thank him for his generosity but he was busy dealing with some malcontents or so I heard. Maybe he was dealing with the mob I met earlier, - that was my hope.
Having collected the two power supplies, I returned to the Maverton colony’s main office and there things had picked up a might bit. The biggest stinger I’ve ever seen had arrived. It was a big military one and it was outfitted with the largest heat ray battery I’ve ever seen or heard of in a big glass bubble under its front tip. By the looks of it, it had off loaded a caravan of tractors all marked with the ‘Golden Heart’s’ insignia.
It was hard not to be in awe of this machine. Little Ivan would have wet himself if he was here to see it. And, it was so very strange to see this giant war machine all decked out with its weapons - juxtaposed against the peaceful Golden Hearts insignias that adorned the sides of all of the tractors in the accompanying caravan. Seeing how I could see no sign of Purneet, Vivian or Maria yet, I locked down the Eldorado and went for a closer look at this display of New Euron military might.
I must have looked like quite the rube staring up at this machine from fifty or so meters back; with my mouth hanging open and my eyes all big when a strange fellow came up to me. He wasn’t from around here and I’m pretty sure he was New Euron but out of uniform; I’ve only met New Eurons in uniform and it was usually never a good thing, - if you know what I mean.
“Pardon me friend,” he said. “I’ve been told that you and your party are from the colony of Shelby.”
“Yes that’s true,” I answered.
“I’m travelling with this team of tractors to bring some aid to your colony.”
“Are you a Golden Heart?” I asked.
“I’d have to say no. I’m contracted by a wing of the Golden Hearts but I’m not an aid worker per se, I’m an investigator. I’ll be filing a report concerning the bolt-head incident at Shelby to an executive committee.”
“What can I do to help? Mister ...?” I asked.
“My name is Kingsley Six hundred, Six, One, Six Two,” and he offered his hand.
“I’m Curran from Shelby,” and I shook his outstretched hand.
“Of course you are,” he smiled.
“What kind of kit do you have? I don’t see any,” I asked because he was obviously New Euron albeit a rather polite one.
“It’s all up here,” and he pointed to his right eye and winked.
“Doesn’t that make you immortal?”
“I wish,” he laughed. “Could we follow your tractor back to Shelby? I’ve been told that you are on a mission of sorts yourself today and that you would be returning to Shelby.”
“Why not fly there in that big bird of yours over there.”
“Well Curran the Golden Hearts prefer not to be partnered with something as imposing as a New Euron war ship at their side; it’s bad optics and bad for public relations. You can’t win hearts with a big club. One look at that war ship and the people of Shelby will just not talk honestly about what happened to them.”
“Kingsley, I think it’s a great idea if your people come along. Our food stores are just about empty.  And, maybe you can help negotiate our way through a lovely mob that’s patrolling Maverton’s perimeter.”
“I doubt they will bother with us; it’s a capital crime here in the Republic to impede or interfere with the progress of a Golden Heart mission.”
Maria, Parneet and Vivian showed up and they seemed to be anxious about leaving but once I told them that we would be travelling back to Shelby with the Golden Hearts they seemed relieved. I don’t know a whole lot about the Golden Hearts but I do know that my most favorite immortal was a founding member of the organization and still sat on its council. When it came to immortals Cosmo was just about the most famous. The guy was about five hundred years old. He’d been a star athlete in his younger years, a war hero many times over thereafter and most importantly he was someone who garnered so much respect from others that sometimes just he himself showing some interest in a conflict or argument could result in it being peacefully resolved. He was the ‘Great One’, a voice of wisdom and a friend to all colonists.
The tractors being employed by the Golden Hearts were robust machines but they were nothing like the Eldorado. They ran at half the speed of the Eldorado. They were noisy and their suspension’s were terrible. They were more utilitarian and for certain that’s what a good tractor is all about; that and reliability. It might take a few hours of night driving to get home now. No matter, grid or no grid the Eldorado knew its way back to Shelby.
We made some room for our guest by placing the two power supplies in question into badged Golden Heart’s tractors. No one would bother them now. And when we did get to Maverton’s perimeter the angry mob’s resources were being taken up by the Townsends and Santuccis arrival. The mayor of Maverton surely had his hands full today I figured.
“Curran,” said Kingsley as we got up to cruise speed. “I understand that your mother was a folk hero.”
“Yeah,” I answered with a sigh.
I suppose he was looking me up in that giant New Euron data base of everything that had ever happened since man stopped swinging from tree branches and began walking upright.
“What a blessing,” he added.
“Hey, where’s your grenade?” I asked.
I hate it when people bring up my mother.
“I don’t actually own one,” sniffed Kingsley.
“I never actually had much of a mother, either.”
Kingsley looked at me knowingly; better just to listen and keep one’s thoughts to one’s self sometimes.
The New Euron who has no mother envies a colonist who he thinks has one. The colonist who hardly knows his mother envies the grenade that apparently only some New Eurons wear about their neck. If New Eurons are so smart; why do they wear bombs around their necks? I suppose neither of these things is quite – true. I like this guy but something that I can only describe as being bred in the bone tells me otherwise.
I volunteered to make a pot of tea for everyone and cheery faces all agreed that that would be a great idea. While I prepared the tea I engaged my New Euron friend some more as the others appeared to be ignoring him and understandably so.
“Kingsley, you were smart to come along with us; without the grid up you would have had to stop for the night right about now.”
“Yes I had calculated that. Not to worry, I have some excellent support with me. I’m confident that Shelby will be back up on the grid by morning.”
“Some good people of ours have been working on it for more than a week now.”
“I’m sure they are quite talented. But they’ve not likely had much experience with the technology that brought the local system down.”
“What are you saying?”
“Whoever attacked Shelby took out its communications first; I’ve seen the records. It was not the primitive mechanized infantry units alone. And those who might be responsible are surprisingly – many.”
“Well – many in Shelby suspect it was New Euron.”
“I can categorically say that is untrue. The evidence so far points to something much bigger. Shelby isn’t even the latest unexplained attack on colonists. In fact it’s one of many whose only motive so far appears to be to foment unrest within the Republic.”
“No New Euron involvement?” I asked.
“Curran, willfully nasty New Eurons are everywhere and the same goes for willfully nasty colonists.”
Except for some dimly lit windows Shelby was in complete darkness when we finally arrived. There were mixed emotions among those who came to greet us. The aid was far too late though still welcome for most. Sam the grocer was delighted with the power supplies being delivered but less impressed with the free supplies that the Golden Hearts were distributing. Arnie and the rest of our tech men were put to work immediately. There were power supplies to install and a stubborn communication problem that no one had been able to repair for weeks now.
While the people of Shelby and Golden Heart aid workers busied themselves, I took Kingsley to see the remains of the two mius. They had been stored just in case someone did want to investigate them. 
“Curran, these two mechanized units are almost vintage in their age. They’ve been rebuilt carefully with plenty of aftermarket parts to hide their origin.”
He carefully poked about the miu that I had had a hand in destroying. “
“He could be from anywhere; there are New Euron parts, Republican parts and parts that I’ve never seen before ... presumably from a deep space colony I guess.”
He opened the face plate of the same miu and removed a controller. “
This might tell us something. It will need to be closely examined. It’ll take a day or two. This whisker is definitely not New Euron unless they got it from a museum.”
Kingsley wiped his hands on his pant legs and straightened up.
”You see the problem here Curran? Someone has gone to great lengths to cover their tracks. That’s not a good sign.”
“There have been other attacks?” I asked.
“Not quite like this one but more along the line of saboteur variety; hidden insurgents.”
“And what does that mean to someone like me?”
Kingsley smiled and replied, “a more visible insurgency will likely follow, - unless we nip this at its quick.”
“Do your aid workers need somewhere to bunk for the night?” I asked.
“Well lets’ go find out,” and we walked back to the center of the colony that was already growing brighter with illumination.
“If you would like?  You can have my journeyman’s quarters to rest in Kingsley. It’s been recently tidied up. You should find it to be comfortable.”
“Curran, before I lay down I want your colony to be back on the grid. You’ll get no services out here without being on the grid; no one will come.”
A Golden Heart technician ran up to us and reported that full communications had just been restored to the colony.
“That’s terrific my good man.
“About that room.”
“Of course.” I said.
I showed Kingsley Taffy’s old billet and he put some of his kit and gear onto the dining area’s table.
“Your friend was an imbiber? Fermentation?”
“Yes. It’s all been dismantled and taken away.”
“Well let’s have a look?”
The New Euron began circling the room inquisitively; looking about here and there.
“Ah. There we go. I found it. A hidden stash. We’re all the same. We all use the same hiding places.”
Kingsley removed the cap to a jar of yellow liquid that he had removed from a discreetly placed shelf that was above the door just inside a storage closet.
“Not bad. Not bad at all. This man had some experience,” said Kingsley after taking a swig of the questionable liquid.
He offered the jar to me but I shook my head negatively.
“Suit yourself. When I was young, back in the academy, there was no shortage of drink. I swear it seemed like every other night involved drinking of some sort. I was very good at it. The drinking and the brewing!” he laughed.
Kingsley gestured for me to take a seat and the two of us sat at a table in Taffy’s old galley. It was like Taffy was still alive as I watched the New Euron drink and savor his beverage in much the same way as my former journeyman once had.
“What do you dream about Curran? Your own shop someday? Getting back with your girl - Ella? She’s away you know. Off planet. Safe though. There’s a big maternity colony on Nouveau Paris. I bet she’s there,” smiled Kingsley.
“I do think of her a lot.”
“Of course you do. You’re a young lad.”
“How old are you?” I asked.
“Well I’m not five hundred years old,” laughed Kingsley.
“My file goes back to near that long ago but that’s not uncommon.”
“How many edits?”
“About five hundred thousand in all but only a handful personally,” answered Kingsley who had emptied his jar and was now up from the table and perusing the cupboards of Taffy’s old galley for something more to drink.
If true. If he had that many edits to his genetic file Kingsley would be on the border of what most would consider to be a hybrid. The dogs seemed to like him and I had taken that as a good omen but there are many I know who wouldn’t sit in the same room with someone with that many genetic edits.
“Oh. Your man was a clever one; the old flask within a carton trick,” said Kingsley and he sat down once again across from me and began drinking more pale yellow liquid from a flask he had uncovered from its hiding place in Taffy’s old galley.
“I admire you Curran. You are one of the most unpolluted colonists that I’ve ever met. I suppose your youth has something to with it but nonetheless, it’s refreshing. You’re still a virgin. You still believe in helping your neighbor. Most of members of humanity that I meet are miserable cusses. And I -”, he sighed, “am no better.”
“Do you have a special lady Kingsley?”
“Are you calling my brethren ladies? My young colonist friend,” his speech slightly slurred.
“Oh no,” I assured a grinning Kingsley.
“There have been many my friend. I like them brassy and loud. No skirts for me.”
A skirt was New Euron slang for a femme or a feminine New Euron. A Buck was a masculine New Euron but so I understood they all had the same ambiguous genitalia.
“Where were you educated?”
“Nouveau Paris and that’s where I want to retire. It’s the most beautiful colony that I’ve ever had the pleasure to visit. None of this,” and he pointed about the room, “This is practically cave dwelling; the incoming, the poor air. If it were not for this planet’s ideal gravity there’d be no good reason for men to live here. I know, I know its home to you, but Curran there’s better than this I swear. And you might get to find out someday.”
“Do all New Eurons drink like you?” I asked a visibly nodding Kingsley.”
“No. Not a good one anyways,” and I helped my drunken New Euron friend over to Taffy’s old bunk to sleep like I had done so many times before for my journeyman Taffy.


*****


Something of some significance must have happened elsewhere in the cosmos overnight because early the next morning Kingsley showed up at my lodgings to ask a favor.
“Curran. I have favor to ask of some importance. I need a lift to a meeting place with that stinger you saw yesterday. I’ve been reassigned to a new mission that requires my timely arrival. The stinger is waiting for me, - perhaps ten kilometers away.
“Sure Kingsley. I’ll be ready in a minute.”
Kingsley seemed to be pretty passionate about his need for a lift to the stinger. I had a good idea where it might be waiting.
“It’s just one of these things that I can’t impart much information about but I need to find my way to the nearest matter transporter in a hurry.”
“What about the rest of your people – the Golden Hearts?”
“Oh they’ll be fine. I believe they will be here for another day and then they will rendezvous with some more air transport in Maverton. I’m not quite certain where their next stop is – somewhere on this nifty little planet of yours I suppose.”
The Eldorado had us out just beyond Shelby’s perimeter in short time and as we disembarked from the tractor, I asked Kingsley,” so where is the closest matter transporter these days?”
“There’s a new one that just came online on Vancouver Island. It’s a Cosmo project to get city state credentials there. The Republic is fighting that notion however. I think Cosmo will prevail; he usually does.
“Now my friend, it’s time to bid you adieu and many thanks for all your help.”
He gave the waiting gate of the stinger a glance and turned to me and said, “You might want to think about a future off this planet waterman,” and then he slapped my ass, gave me a knowing wink and disappeared into the stinger’s waiting gate.
My cheeks flushed and I suddenly felt a bit flummoxed; a New Euron had just slapped my ass. What a cheeky bugger.
Back in Shelby, little Ivan had tracked me down and he wanted to know all about the creepy New Euron who he had seen me with last evening.
“He was really scary looking, Curran. I didn’t like him. Do you think he knows Cosmo, Curran?”
“I don’t think so Ivan. Cosmo is a really busy man.”
“Do you know where Peg is? Have you seen Peg lately?” I asked Ivan.
“She’s been helping to rebuild the clinic.”
Ravneesh was calling for me to approach him from where he stood out in front of the former mayor’s quarters.
“How about that Ravneesh? We got enough power now, food and supplies. We’re on the grid. Things are looking up, Huh?” I shouted as I closed in on him.
“Curran. You need to prep that tractor for repossession,” said Ravneesh.
“For what?” I asked plaintively.
“A contractor from JUNCKE is coming in today to collect that tractor of yours. More than half of it is still on the colony’s books. We can’t afford to keep it. It’s got to go. Take your gear out of it and anything else the colony owns. The guy will be here in a few hours.”
“What am I to use in place of it?”
“Use Arnie’s. Or, you can put your old one back in service; it’s parked in back of the agri-pods I think.”
Well the Eldorado was a sweet ride while it lasted, and like everything else around here: things were changing.


*****


I found Peg at the clinic and just as Ivan had said she was busy helping some of the Golden Heart’s tech men install some brand new diagnostic and treatment equipment.
“Peg,” and she acknowledged me with a raised brow.
“Where have you been stranger? I heard you were with a mysterious looking New Euron.”
“Kingsley. He’s gone now. And he was a strange one.”
“Well, he may have been travelling with these Golden Hearts but they know very little about him,” said Peg.
One of the Golden Heart tech men shrugged his shoulders in agreement, and said, “He only joined up with us a day ago. Said he had someone to meet in Shelby. I suppose that was you. Yeah, we get people like him and others that travel with us from time to time, - it’s our diplomatic immunity.”
 “Just another New Euron hybrid,” added another.
“What did he want?” asked Peg.
“He wanted to see the bolt-heads or what was left of them. I showed him. He seemed to know all about me and that was a little un-nerving. And he drank a lot. He found Taffy’s stash.”
“Figures; a drunk New Euron hybrid,” added the same cynical Golden Heart tech man.
“Really,” said a surprised Peg.
“We’ve only had real communications up for only about eight hours now and we’ve found out that a lot has been going on since we were attacked a week ago. It’s been happening everywhere. It’s happened in Europe, Africa and Australia. There’s waves of colonists out there trying to migrate to city states; even right here.”
“Just like the Townsends and Santuccis. Who else from around here?” I asked.
“The Parrys and the Sgros. They are leaving for Vancouver Island tomorrow,” said Peg.
“By tractor?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s got to be more than three months by tractor. Who’s their waterman?”
“They’re joining up with a group from Holt. They got a waterman by the name of Andre.”
“He’s a hack,” I said.
“Desperate measures for desperate times my friend,” piped in the cynical tech man.
It made sense that if you were about to lose everything including your security then maybe a city state would be a safe place to head to. They were the only places on the planet where a group of two hundred or more could freely congregate. They all had the safety of an impenetrable air and space attack umbrella. And most importantly they all had matter transporters, air ports and access to space ports. Unfortunately, it was very difficult to get status to live in one; there are long waiting lists. Some had visas to work in one but that status was usually conditional; if you lost your job – you were out.
It was my understanding that those in authority were only allowing displaced vestigial colonists permanent off- planet placements. You were indentured for life in most cases. You could never come back. So who wouldn’t want to live in a city state if that were the case? If you should show up en masse in the thousands; they’d have to take you in. You would think so anyways. 
‘Desperate measures,’ he said. ‘Desperate measures.’


*****


I reluctantly cleaned out the Eldorado. Taffy had collected some excellent gear over the years. For instance, he was an expert at remote drilling; vertical runs, horizontal runs – he could do circles if needed. And he was fast at it too and won some competitions at it back in the day. To a waterman Taffy’s old gear was precious and there was no way that I’d let JUNCKE get a hold of any of it.
One time, on a day when he was pretty lucid and he wasn’t too miserable he showed me how to make a bi-metal divining rod. I spent a few hours with it out in our north perimeter that day and I felt a sudden pressure on the rod in this one spot. It was like really strange; the force wasn’t quite a mechanical or physical thing yet it was still compelling. You’d walk away and it would go away. You’d walk back and it came back. I wanted to do a test well but there wasn’t enough time for it and of course there was incoming in the forecast. You need a cool head to be a diviner he said; never works when you’re dying of thirst either.
The people of Shelby were a little more upbeat as the days went on and things got repaired. I think the Golden Hearts played a big part in making that happen. I took in some news media and it was the same shit as always. I’d heard that our little colony was a real celebrity for a day or two after the attack but that was all history now. Some air handling malfunction on a near space colony was the disaster of the day for the moment; people were turning blue up there and it was quite dramatic to watch.
I had some maintenance to do. While I made my rounds on foot I had a look at what was left of our old tractor that was stored over behind the agri-pods. Thankfully it had not been too seriously cannibalized for parts. I guess I could make it go again. Taffy said it had two speeds: slow and slower; one was like a leisurely walking speed the other a gentle run like you’d do if you were in a hurry to have a shit. Anyways, I remember that little Ivan could out run it.
There was a colony meeting being called for tonight and everyone younger than eighteen was required to attend; I guess that includes me.


*****


And everyone and I mean everyone who was under the age of eighteen and then some that were into their early twenties were there. Why someone as young as little Ivan was had to be there was beyond me but Peg had to bring him along. The chatter before the meeting was called to order was of a higher pitch that reflected some of that youthful enthusiasm you’d hear from a school yard.
“Here, here,” called out Ravneesh. “This meeting is coming to order.”
 And little Ivan who sat next to Ravneesh was on gavel duty and rapped the gavel on the table in perfect tempo.
Apparently, there were marches afoot and some elders thought it would be a good idea to investigate the feasibility of sending some of our own on one that was leaving Maverton for Vancouver Island in one week’s time.
“It troubles me greatly to say this,” said Ravneesh - his voice trembling, “but there’s no future here.”
For a moment, you could have heard a pin drop. The silence was absolutely deafening for an unusually lengthy pregnant pause, and then the room exploded into shouts and shrieks and crying. It was the saddest thing I ever had to witness. There were red faced men and women screaming at the top of their lungs and the youth in the room, at least all who could understand - they looked lost and bewildered. You only had to consider the disappointment written on their worried faces.
I had to take Peg by the collar and pull her away from storming the speaker’s table.
“You’re all a bunch of selfish bastards!” she screamed. “This colony has a commitment to these children. You can’t just throw these children aside when it becomes inconvenient to keep them.”
Tempers were so high that the meeting had to be adjourned till the next evening. For a moment I thought there was going to be bloodshed but everyone managed to leave that room peacefully but albeit in an angry blur.
Peg sniffed and sobbed all the way home with little Ivan in tow. Ivan was as quiet as I had ever seen him. It certainly was not a natural state for him. He didn’t complain or cry but he now knew that he was officially - a burden. What a terrible thing for a seven year old to digest.
Hours later, a distraught Peg came knocking at Taffy’s old quarters where I had decided to spend the night. I had only managed to sleep lightly in that time and I was quite groggy when I let Peg in.
“I need something from you that’s really important,” she said.
“What? What can I do?” I answered.
“I want guardianship of Ivan ... and it takes two. I want you to be Ivan’s second guardian,” she said and Peg is someone who is terribly independent and not at all use to asking for anyone’s help. “Well waterman? Don’t you make me beg you!” she started to cry.
“Of course I will,” I answered and I reached out my arm to lock arms with her; she likes that normally but instead she gave me a fierce bear hug like none I’d ever had up till then or since.
And so, I became Ivan’s guardian the next day at the ripe age of sixteen.
“I can work up top,” Ivan said later that day.
“No you’re not,” said Peg.
“Yes I can. I can go in nine years when I’m sixteen,” he said.
“You are going to become a tech man just as soon as I can get you in school mister. No up top for you; you’re too smart for that.”
Those two were at their happiest when they were arguing. If I heard them bickering I at least knew that they were happy.
Normally, the colony keeps guardianship of the children until the age of fourteen but Shelby’s colony status was being wound down. Ravneesh understood and he was eternally thankful to Peg and I that we were not yelling and screaming at him as some others were.
“This is a very stressful job – being mayor of a broken colony,” said Ravneesh. “Soon, I suppose when everyone is gone my job will become redundant and I can return to fixing machines – they are much easier to deal with,” he said after saving the guardianship changes in the colony’s log.
There had been troubles of all sorts recently so I found out as I paid more attention to the local media of late. Wells had been spoiled. Mysterious fires had been set. Two more colonies east of Shelby had been attacked by similar old mius. One of those colonies was attacked at night and lost one hundred and forty people. Fear was everywhere. Some incoming had started grass fires north of us that had isolated a dozen colonies for the past week. Incoming shouldn’t be happening north of here; and incoming wasn’t supposed to be happening even here in Shelby though it had become a fairly common occurrence over the last ten years or so.
So it wasn’t a surprise that marches had started. It’s our history. It’s our culture. We’re pretty much nomads. Shelby hadn’t moved since the old uprisings twenty-five years ago. At that time the colony moved two hundred kilometers north of where it had been back then. Two hundred kilometers north of here where we are today is New Euron territory and one hundred kilometers south of here is scorched earth; at any time incoming can come in thanks to the salvaging companies that lease the territory south of us.
Go west was the mantra now. Vancouver island had been given tentative city state status only a year ago due to prolonged political pressure by the likes of Cosmo and his democratic affiliates in near space; the largest being the nearby Thirteenth Colony. The city state of Vancouver Island was pretty much brand new as its own entity yet already it had such city state amenities such as matter transporters, inter space embassies, space and air ports. Industries were taking hold there and it was now possible to find real jobs there. Though to a rural colonist like me, moving to a city state would be a difficult adjustment - but it was a whole better than what I was dealing with today.
Who would watch my pumps and wells I wondered?
“No one - because no one is going to be here, Curran,” that’s what Ravneesh told me when I asked that naive question at the meeting later that evening.
 “Go west young man – there’s no future here, the plains are gone.”
Well, my mother did well on the coast I reasoned and then after more thought I decided that was completely untrue; she after all was sucked up inside a water spout. Still, there must be a need for another waterman on Vancouver Island. It’s a big place and still growing in size – even literally, as more and more sea water is siphoned off to near space colonies.
Once Sam the Grocer said that he was going there was a real shift in opinion in Shelby. If Sam can’t make it here then no one can. He gave notice that he was closing up shop in just two weeks. He was getting a job off planet with JUNCKE.
“I’m not going to miss the shitty air here. There’s nothing good about it but some decent gravity – well I know I’m going to miss that. I always said that I’m not made for space but, - here I go. I got no choice in the matter. Everyone here in Shelby is like family to me for heaven’s sake. It’s a sad day,” said Sam in an emotional voice.
So I got busy. I had an old tractor to make fit for – well pretty much indefinite travel I suppose. I’ll need a trailer too, to tow my gear in. 
They tell me that on a good day by tractor and wagon you can expect to do about thirty kilometers. Vancouver Island’s city center is about twenty seven hundred kilometers away from Shelby – that’s ninety days of travel under ideal conditions. Fat chance of that happening; four or five months sounds about right to me – after all there’s two big bloody, mountain ranges to deal with to get there!
Some colonists adapted their tractors into their living quarters and some chose to make their trailers into living quarters. I chose the former and I made it to berth three albeit that was going to be a tight fit at night but we watermen don’t travel light; I need the equipment to get water out of the ground when it’s needed. By the time I was done there wasn’t a square centimeter of space wasted in that tractor’s cab.
I spent some time helping others with their rigs too; not everyone is good with their hands. We all got to share the skills that we are good at that’s how I feel. As the days passed we got twenty two tractors ready to go and Ravneesh had now also committed himself to come along and tend to our mechanical and mayoral needs.
Frankly, I think this trek was just what the colonists of Shelby needed. People were mobilized now. They were doing something to improve their situation instead of waiting in fear in a place that had no future.


*****


“When are we going, Curran?” asked little Ivan as he paced this way and that way impatiently.
And I answered:”Soon. When Peg’s ready. Go ask her. In an hour or so, maybe.”
I knew full well that for the next three months he’d be asking me incessantly: ‘When are we going to get there, Curran?’ and I wasn’t looking forward to it.
Marchers had been spotted for the last couple of days passing Shelby’s perimeter. A few even came into Shelby looking for wagon parts or a tractor gearbox and such. Apparently, there were colonies that were receptive to marchers so long as they passed through and there were also others such as Maverton who were not so accommodating. I know there will be times when we will need some help or shelter on our march and I hope that there aren’t too many Mavertons along the way. That could sure make things more difficult.
Well the morning became the afternoon and soon it was looking like we’d be starting out tomorrow bright and early. It’s not easy packing up and leaving a place you called home for good. So it was the following morning that we began our march. Some were heading for Maverton in fact, but they were our retired and it was now up to the Republic as to where they would eventually settle. They included Karl and his wife, Marcel and Grace, and the newly retired Kauimuras; all documented retirees and all entitled to affordable housing to be provided by the Republic. They will all be greatly missed for their wisdom and experience.
I think I’ll always remember Karl’s last words to me:”You pay close attention to what’s happening here, Curran. It’s nothing more than social cleansing going on here. There will be a price to pay for all of this. No one forgets when they are treated this way. No one.”
We made just twenty five kilometers on our first day and that was on grasslands; just wait till we come to the foothills and mountains. Wagons were losing their wheels and tractors that were overloaded were breaking down. Some of us had packed too much. You can’t bring everything no matter how much you love it. You have to be practical; we’re supposed to be migrants after all.
It took two full days to get to the rendezvous near Maverton. There we met some already seasoned marchers; some had already been marching for two weeks now. They looked tired and much to the chagrin of some Maverton colonists the marchers were going to wait twenty-four hours outside of Maverton before continuing on. There were almost four hundred of us we were told; counting those who had just signed up and some stragglers who were catching up.
The Golden Hearts came out to see us; they could not march with us because it would look like political side taking but they were certainly on our side and were generous with food and gear. I spent the first night sleeping outside; little Ivan has got a serious sinus problem – he snores like an animal. I made some room in the trailer for tonight by moving some drilling gear around and this is where I made my first new friend: Fernandez or Fern as he liked to be called.
Fern was a tech man; water and power but he was old school. He’d worked up top and in six different vestigial colonies over the years; his last one being the colony of Limerick.
“This is like old times for me Curran. I was just a ten year old lad back in twenty-four, seventy. It seemed like I had been marching for years back then but it was just ten months I think. Seemed like an eternity though. No home. No rest. No hope for the longest time. But it all got better. That’s why I’m here; to help out. I got some experience. I got my trades. Hell, I’ve run water lines up top; it’s a real bitch when it gets loose,” laughed Fern.
“What’s it do?”
“It fucking freezes you silly bugger. You get close enough to a high pressure leak you get to look like a snowman in no time. It’s like a weightless blizzard.”
Fern was travelling with a group of sixteen; some young, some old. They had started out with six tractors and wagons and after two broke down they made one good one out of the two that had broken.
“And it’s only been two weeks tomorrow my friend and we’re down to five.”
“Well let’s hope its no more than ten months this time.”
“With people like this,” and he motioned towards Maverton’s perimeter, “They’ll have us walking in circles for years.”
“Do you use science to find your water or do you do that spooky stuff?” asked Fern kidding with me.
“Both,” I lied.
“Well we’ve had a hell of a time finding water for the last few days. I’m not use to these prairie grasslands.”
“You got to go deep. It takes the better part of a day.”
“Drilling? You Kiddin?”
“Sometimes longer; I can show you,” I offered.
“We can trade tricks of the trade and old war stories. No need to dig out the gear today though. We got lots of water; that’s one thing these Mavertoners don’t mind sharing. I’d be embarrassed to tell you the last time I’ve been in a classroom. I probably have more bad habits to share with you then anything else, truth be told.”
Little Ivan made friends quickly, too. By the end of our first day with the marchers he already had a following; three young ladies and a lad a year older than him all following behind little Ivan as he barked orders and took credit for everything that met his approval. It was his sharp tongue and fearless confidence that seem to get them if you ask me. According to Peg however little Ivan was just a show off.
Here’s another reason that it’s going to take us well into winter to get to Vancouver Island: dust devils. The next day was just awful for them. If you can’t see three meters in front of you, you can’t very well operate a tractor at any speed. So we’d stop and wait for the dust devils to pass and the dust they’d stir up to settle a little and then we’d move on again.
It took another three days or about sixty kilometers to get into country that I’d never seen before; that’s how small my world has been. I’ve talked to some people who have been all over the galaxy but I personally passed my limit for distance away from home at around one hundred kilometers. But to the eye you know, - it’s all the same. It’s flat in every direction for as far as the eye can see on the prairies.
They say we need to be up to five hundred strong before we hit the highway. That would give us at least two hundred or so able bodied men. It wasn’t because there were mountains to climb or deserts to cross; it was the trolls and highwaymen. There were entire colonies of thugs along the way that made their living from robbing travellers. We’d need to fight just to be left alone.
There was already plenty enough for our marchers contend with let alone paying illegal fees for passage to trolls every twenty kilometers. ‘Safety in numbers’ and ‘we got to stick together’ was the common mantra heard among the marchers as the horror stories came in from the media.
There were some that thought that if you had a large enough group that you couldn’t just be wiped off the earth by these thugs - because there’d be bloody hell to pay. The Republic would be obliged to investigate. The media would out the guilty. The New Eurons wouldn’t stand for it. I was a believer in the big group strategy but the rest of the nonsense was just that: nonsense. As migrants we were fair game to the highwaymen and the hooligans, and to the authorities - we were just law breakers and illegal marchers.
The more I got to know my fellow marchers the more insight I got in the political ideals and personal motives that were all at play here. There was plenty of organization and formal meetings took place every evening and ad hoc meetings were also called as needed through the course of the day. There was an elected steering committee and an elected first manager who could veto the steering committee’s decisions. There was an information manager, a health clinic manager, a food and materials manager; and at least a dozen of them that formed the steering committee. Elections were frequent and all that was required was a vote of fifty percent plus one from the steering committee to call one.
Recently, a new first manager was elected: Mah. He was a rather well dressed, charismatic fellow, quick to smile and who espoused a populist approach to things that helped to endear himself to our most conservative marchers. I can’t say that I liked him much; he seemed to measure his words too much for me in a disingenuous way. I think most of his followers were hoping that his considerable fast talking skills would be useful with dealing with the grifters, highwaymen and extortionists that we were apt to meet along our way to Vancouver Island.
The evenings were the best times for socializing. The sixth evening before our caravan’s down day was always the best one and little Ivan always referred to them as party nights. A down day was when more serious mechanical or technical issues to the tractors and wagons would be addressed. The down day also helped those marchers who had fallen behind to catch up with the main group.
On one such night, Fern and I had been drilling some laterals just for the fun of it. We’d found some decent water already; as long as we kept the barrels full we were golden with the rest of the marchers. I’d run a five centimeter line a hundred meters out and say ten centimeters down and ninetied it up at its end. Taffy’s equipment could slice through this grassland soil in seconds. Anyways, we dropped a few improvised incendiaries into the line, a little compressed air to push things along and presto - we had us a light show. They’d shoot up into the sky like a white torch and illuminate the night for a few seconds. Fern dropped a few of what he called a Limerick cherry bomb down into the line a few times too and we had a couple of good big bangs that elicited some surprised screams and laughter from our mostly adoring audience of young people. No one seemed to mind on these nights and it helped to keep the coyotes and wild dogs at bay.
Fern and I were both non-drinkers.
“Ruined many a man,” said Fern. 
Somehow, I don’t think he was being completely honest with me in this matter; he seemed to know plenty about fermentation and so did many of the other marchers. There were always a lot of short tempers the next day after such a party. For the most part these parties were pretty civil affairs; people got to relax and forget about their troubles and for a good couple of hours before we all went to our beds there was laughter in the air.
As the days continued and we neared the highway the land changed. The soil had become granular and grey in color and sometimes almost white to the eye. Where for the past few weeks we’d been traveling over old rural lands, now we were traveling over old urban centers from centuries ago. It wasn’t so grassy anymore. These old cities and all their infrastructures had all been levelled and buried. They were not old roman ruins of centuries ago, they were old towering concrete and steel structures that had been abandoned and left to decay to the point where they needed to be demolished. These old super cities and their networks of smaller cities were just turned over like old spent soil by giant heaters two centuries ago; the iron was recovered and the rest was just pulverized into dust. At times you felt like you were walking through the cremated ashes of millions of long dead people.
Peg had become sombre since we joined the marchers. She was having a harder time than little Ivan and I at making friends. I must admit that it was quite the adjustment for everyone. Who in their right mind would want to pack up and march for twenty-seven hundred kilometers? A sane man could only do that if there was no other choice I suppose.
Little Ivan had a following that you had to envy. I love Ivan but he was like catnip to those even younger than him. There was a young girl named Crystal that followed behind him and the rest of his entourage all the time. She would sing to herself and to anyone who was about. I don’t know where she got her words; they mostly sounded to be improvised but they had the most sweetly uplifting lilt to them.
“You’re going to hear crickets and maybe we’ll see, - some fishes or a bird one day,” sang Crystal whose tiny stature was uniquely juxtaposed with these big blue eyes and her long ragged hair.
“Our day will come. Our day will come,” she sang.


*****


And so it happened: we met the highway. I didn’t know what to expect. There was litter everywhere; some airborne, some half buried under a wide channel of wheel worn mud. The path ran east and west. There were makeshift shelters; most long abandoned, and some apparently had residents up until recently. There was a stench of human excrement that blew around and it would attack your sinuses when the wind blew from the wrong direction.
Everyone was silent as we joined the road and headed west. There wasn’t a human soul to be seen but one had the feeling that there were plenty of eyes watching us; counting how many we were, and taking stock of our gear.
It’s been called the ‘No man’s Highway’, ‘The East West Route’ and ‘Hell’s Highway’, and so on, over the years. If you could not fly because that required the approval of the authorities, if you couldn’t afford to fly or perhaps you had something to hide or run from – this was your only other means of travel across the continent.
Mah and his entourage marched up front. He had with him his bodyguards and a couple of guides of sorts who had walked this highway recently. We came across a human skull on a post along the road. It got a lot of attention from some of the younger marchers who pointed to the fact that it had a hole in the back of it.
Peg came over to me as we walked along the slow moving tractor and wagon.
“It smells like death here,” she said.
I merely nodded to her to confirm her obvious understatement and continued my marching. There was no way possible that anyone was going to be riding in one of these tractors and wagons that didn’t need to - because the road was just too rough. You’d be doing cartwheels in side one of these wagons. We were even worried about them tipping at times if you didn’t carefully navigate the wheels along the ruts in the road.
“What happens if it rains Curran?”
“Well maybe it might smell a little better,” I kidded.
Someone from up front announced that there was some smoke on the horizon. And a thin plume of smoke did look like it was down the road from us.
The children who were up front were sent back into the middle of our line. This had been part of their training for the past few weeks. The vulnerable must march in the middle of our parade at any time they are asked to.
“Are you scared Ivan?”
“Nah,” he lied as he ran back to walk with Peg and I.
“You stay close now until things look better.
“What did you think of that old skull on the post?” I asked him.
“I didn’t like it much,” answered Ivan.
“Well it was probably put there by someone who was mean spirited,” I said.
“Did it scare you, Curran?” asked Ivan.
“No, I answered.
“You’ve seen what Peg and I can do to a couple of bolt-heads haven’t you? I feel sorry for whoever gets in our way. They’ll be dealing with a world of hurt.”
About a half hour later it became apparent that the mysterious plume of smoke was coming from the first populated roadside camp that we were to encounter and it was to be the first of many that we were to see for the duration of our march. It looked like a couple of families had settled there. They seemed friendly however and waved to us as we passed.
“They’re idling,” was all we were told by a prefect who came down from the front to settle anyone who was feeling anxious.
Apparently, idling was pretty common thing to do along the highway as we soon found out. Idlers would camp along the roadside for a lot of reasons. Could be the weather, a broken wagon, a sickness, maybe they’re waiting to meet up with somebody or whatever. But later when we camped for the night at one of these more populated roadside camps we found out about what all this idling was about – because we were coming up to our first roadblock.
About ten kilometers down the highway was a toll. A wayward colony had set up a roadblock to cash in on what they were anticipating on becoming a very lucrative year for collecting road taxes. There was as many of them as there were us; five hundred men strong and they were all said to be gangsters and hooligans. They were officially known around here as the infamous ‘Hellman Devils’.
The Hellman colony ran things around here and apparently on a scale of one to ten for being nasty they ranked a mere seven or perhaps eight on a bad day.
“What’s a bad day?” I asked a middle aged lady who her and her group had been waiting or idling to pass the roadblock for almost a month now.
“Good days have arrived for the Hellman Devils. They’ll get fat and lazy after collecting taxes from a big group like yours – and then the small fish can slip by,” she said with a wink.
I wanted to give her a bath. Everybody on this road needed a bath. If we have to wait more than a day here I’m going to make sure there is enough water so everyone gets a bath.
The next morning I started looking for water while Mah and his posse started out for the barricade. I don’t know what luck they were going to have but I was going to find a good well if it took me all day. It took me to about a kilometer from the Hellman Devils colony’s perimeter. I’m not so sure how that was going to work out. I drilled a horizontal run that kissed their perimeter even closer and then went down about seventy-five meters to where I was getting a real good flow and some pretty decent quality. There was a good sized cistern back at the camp and I figured I could fill it in six to eight hours with the line and pump I had with me.
This was the tricky part: the waiting. It was going to attract unwanted attention and there was only me. It would take ten minutes or more to get some help out here if that was what was required. So I waited for the pump to do its job and Peg would call me when the cistern was close to being filled.
I’d been out there for two and a half hours when I noticed a few curious looking characters checking me out from a distance. A few minutes later a vehicle arrived from the same location and I prepared myself for some visitors.
As it came closer it appeared to be a ramshackle kind of run-about with an open top. There appeared to be a person standing or near standing in the back of it; I could make out his head above a roll cage that it had instead of a roof. Dust rose up in the air as it picked up speed and closed in on me.
There were three of them. Two of them didn’t look much different than the rest of the people out here and in fact they too needed a bath. The other fella was a monster of a man. At least a half meter taller than anyone that I’ve ever come by.  He carried a club. One of the others had an old carbine.
I said, “Hi. What brings you gentlemen out this way?”
“Just what the fuck are you doin out here fella? You’re on our boundaries. You with them idlers? Huh?”
“I’m just a waterman. I just want everyone to have a bath tonight. I’m just going to run a little water and then go back home.”
The driver screwed up his face in anger and I was about to get ready to defend myself when the monster with the club started laughing. It was infectious; it sounded like someone was tickling a grizzly bear. So I couldn’t help myself and I began to laugh too, - half because he was hilarious and half because I was stressed.
“See. I bet he wants a bath tonight, I kidded.
“Run a line out here and everyone gets a bath tonight. Water is precious and today it’s free.”
I bent down and bled off some water and it shot like a gyser up into the air. The two looked shocked but that big bear of a man just laughed all the harder. I turned the spigot down and filled a cup and took a gulp and gave a big grin. If being an entertainer is working; keep working it, I thought to myself.
“Nothin wrong with that now mister. I think it’s a lucky day for all of you.”
A half hour later there were about a dozen of them gathered about me. Another truck had come and barrels were being filled. I hooked up a hose and we started having us a water fight of sorts. I thought the big guy was going to get sick from laughing.
The big guy’s name was Moose. It wasn’t his given name of course; its one he got given when he was thirteen. Apparently, he was a serious enforcer for the Hellman Devils. No one messed with Moose, but I was like catnip to the guy. He was hugging me and slapping on the back as we talked. I was getting concerned that he was liking me too much, if you know what I mean.
There were ‘mooses’ on a Serenity satellite and when his ship comes in that’s where he’s going he told me.
“I’m going to where the mooses and muskies roam,” he roared in laughter.
I think they are called huskies and there was a Serenity satellite that had a menagerie of every animal ever known. It was popular with the young but only the rich could afford to visit it.  
A young kid in some real tired clothing showed up and he had brought a pump with him. It took an hour but I ran a line for him. These people have no money. They are worse off than we are. I heard later that my charming diplomacy worked out a lot better than that of Mah and his posse.
The Hellman Devils wanted nearly a king’s ransom to let us through. We could sit here and rot if we didn’t pay as far as their leader was concerned. Mah liked to act unsophisticated but beneath that veneer of playful ignorance he was always playing his cards carefully so he called for a party that evening to help ease the tension and buy some time.
He took me aside and wanted to know all about what went on with that well I drilled. I told him that I made a couple of friends and that I noticed that these people didn’t seem to have too much.
Mah however wanted to know how many wells could I drill in a day and just how much water might there be down there? Well there was the equipment and a couple of us meaning Fern and I that knew what we were doing – maybe four in a day I figured. The amount of water that could be produced from any well for that matter usually took some time to figure out. Geographically speaking I’m guessing a waterman would be a pretty busy man keeping enough flow up around here; it was more desert than grassland.
He didn’t like my answer.
“More wells means more water – right?”
“No,” I answered. “More water requires more water to be beneath us.”
“I gotta make a better deal with these people,” then off he went schmoozing it up with some of the other marchers.
Well not everyone got to have a bath by that evening but it was still a pretty good party. Some new faces showed up and I’m pretty sure that some of them were from the Hellman colony or were associated with them. Fern and I did a little light show. There was some live music provided by those with that inclination, some narcotics and a wide variety of fermentation products were also available to consume.
Peg and I kept Ivan close to our side; there were just too many strangers about. Back in Shelby there was nothing like this to compare it to. If you were going to get wired in Shelby you did it behind closed doors not out in the open where you might be behaving like a damn fool. It was like an old time carnival out here.
Apparently, there were was another group of marchers just three days behind us and whose arrival might just work in our favor. Someone even said there was a media visit the other day; more of a fly over to see how things were progressing with these unprecedented marches. We were all criminals you know. There was a public interest in any kind of trouble. Some days I think they invented most of their newsy drama but lately there was no shortage of natural outbreaks of civil unrest for the media to follow. Imagine that - someone light years away watching our pathetic progress from a lens above. It’s hard to believe.
I asked an old timer who had spent most of his life gleaning a meagre income from the highway, “Do you ever receive any help or aid from the Republic or the New Eurons?”
“Nope. We see the Goldie Hearts on New Years’ every year. And every couple of months a monitor arranges a heater strike to our dump out back there,” and he pointed to a path that had plenty of signage that warned of danger to its travellers.
By the middle of the next day the marchers were getting impatient. The local idlers found our need to get going amusing. ‘You’re just asking for trouble’ and ‘Wait it out’ they kept telling us. But it wasn’t in our nature to sit by idling when there was a job to get done. Mah called a general meeting and told us that in his judgment that it made more sense to wait one more day for the next group of marchers to arrive. Who knows? Maybe they might want to merge with us.
When the next group did arrive early in the morning of the following day it was clear that it wasn’t going to be a merger with this group; it was going to be a swallowing. There were more than one thousand marchers in the group and they were being led by someone with some real experience. They didn’t stop to talk or greet us. They just marched right down to that barricade armed with bars and light duty single use heaters that they carried on their shoulders. There they charged the barricade and a melee ensued for all of ten minutes I bet.
Additionally, they brought along with them about thirty or so nasty, ferocious dogs that must have weighed seventy-five kilos a piece. They let them off their chains and sent them up and over the top of the barricades. There was some gun fire, an explosion or two but mostly there were just fists flying and steel bars being swung to and fro until the Devils retreated and the marchers began dismantling the barricade with their tractors and pry bars. I watched all this through a viewer as I stood atop my tractor. They were amazing.
“Peg. Peg,” I shouted. “We need to saddle up right now! We got to go. Where’s Ivan?”
The idlers were already at it. They could see that now was the time to get a move on. I left a few things behind in the hurry; none of them that important because what was more important was that our march was back on again.
The Hellman colony turned out to be a real dump and we marched right through it that morning; past their hovels and past their shacks. These people were worse off than the idlers and for certain they must have loss some of their numbers to previous marches. 
Now, there were sixteen hundred of us. No one was going to stop us now. We felt invincible - for at least an hour anyways and then we were just marchers again on a dirty, dusty road heading west.
Moose had joined up with us. He didn’t want to talk about the dog bite he had suffered. It was to his buttocks of all places. Mooses don’t like dogs apparently.
“Van-coo-ver here I come,” was his new mantra and he shouted it out regularly - like twice an hour.
I talked to one of the dog handlers - he had them all calmed down now and on chain leads. These dogs of his had been hopped up on a narcotic called Antzi and in addition to that plenty of steroids and been regularly administered to these animals to transform them into monsters. The drugs were supplied by a chemist named Lyle who was travelling with them. It was an interesting improvised weapon I must admit. There was no shortage of wild dogs around here and people were just struck in terror by just their presence.
Our new leader now was a man called Anthony.
“We make hay when the fucking sun shines,” he liked to say.
We could follow his crew and have our autonomy too, but he wasn’t ever going to wait on us he said.
 “When it’s time to march - we march.
 “I’ve done this fucking highway one hundred fucking times now; east to fucking west and west to fucking east. And every fucking time it get’s fucking worse,” he hollered in an outburst when he attended our meeting the next night.
Anthony had the foulest mouth that I had ever heard, but I got to respect his experience. Others were not so impressed. And, on the morning that followed that meeting; it was revealed that a ten year old girl had disappeared sometime through the night; stolen from her bed while she slept we could only guess, and after a vote it was decided that only two hours could be spent in search of her. The march was more important. We never did find her. I hate the thought of what ever happened to her.
“Only In the near dark... can you see what light there is the best,” that’s what my beautiful Ella once said.
Follow the light no matter how tiny it is.


*****


We were making better progress under Anthony’s leadership but the mindset of the marchers was becoming more cynical in nature. Every night under the cover of darkness thieves would besiege us. Unmanned barricades and other obstacles appeared in front of us at the end of some days that appeared to have been intentionally put there just to set us up for a night of thieving. The dogs had to be leashed at night or they’d run off and never come back and the handful of light duty single use heaters we had were not much of a threat to highway men who were better armed.
Why can’t we have better weapons? Even just a few we wondered but Anthony would warn us, ‘Real weapons would just give the New Eurons or the Republic the right to attacks us. Use your status’.
 Vestigial colonists are allowed to travel. Historically we were considered a nomadic population. And, vestigial colonists can travel in large numbers because that’s just the nature of travelling highways and such, but they cannot set up a colony larger than two hundred.
 Vestigial colonists cannot possess real weapons. Our safety and security was suppose to be guaranteed - that was hardly believable just ask the colonists of Shelby. The tiny heaters that we did have - they were meant for vermin. They hurt like hell if you got shot with one, but you need about ten of them to kill a man.
So now, I was required to sleep in the tractor at night. Peg and Ivan weren’t having it any other way. I’m not sure how much security I had to offer them because I needed ear plugs and a pillow over my head to sleep over the din of their snoring. I’d kid them that the two of them could be carried off together at night and I’d never know till the next morning.
Lyle was a clever fella; a tech man and gadget guy extraordinaire. If it involved chemicals; he knew it all. The first time I met with him he was making improvised explosives out of readily available ingredients. They weren’t the type that were going to kill a lot of people, they were the kind that were meant to intimidate people – make them think that perhaps the next one to go off might be more powerful.
“I’m not likely ever to be a murderer of men but someday I’m likely going to be the murderer of some machines. When things get dicey the Republic and the New Eurons are going to send in their machines. That’s what they do. I think your colony is familiar with them. Right?” asked Lyle.
He was intensely interested in anything I told him about the incident. Both his eyebrows rose when I explained to him how cunning this bolt-head was and how it adapted its program to catch me and ultimately destroy the colony all the while conserving its ammunition and energy.
“That thing was literally just a bucket of old nuts and bolts – but it was almost successful in killing everyone in Shelby. What are the miu’s of today like? The new ones?” I asked him.
“They’re at least ten times more deadly, Curran,” replied the diminutive tech man.
“Well” and I just threw my hands up, “How are we ever going to defend ourselves should that happen?”
“Antzi, answered Lyle.
“I’m designing a dose for humans. Everything you’ve told me today about your experience with those bolt-heads confirms my thought that we need to challenge their programming. We need men who will not behave predictably when they fight them. We need psychopaths. We need heroes who don’t think twice, who don’t second guess. We need soldiers who have no fear. Antzi can do it. What else do we have?”
“Are we going to actually line up men and administer drugs to them when there’s an emergency?” I asked.
“No. You’ll slap one of these patches onto your arm or leg or wherever; one for a little man, two if your name is Moose, - pick up your weapon and run to the fight. Feeling weak? Feeling scared – just slap on another.” And after a pause to see if I was going to take a swing at him or something he added, “I bet you would have got up that ladder a lot quicker if you had some Antzi. Maybe your throw might have been that little bit stronger. Hmm?”
I couldn’t disagree with the man but I wasn’t going to let him know that he was right either. I just know though – that when it’s a life and death struggle – it’s just not that simple.
“I got wells to tend to Lyle,” and I left him to his bomb making.
We picked up a couple more tech men who had waterman experience but with the needs of some sixteen hundred now there was a lot of drilling that needed to be done. Fern and I couldn’t just do our own share; we had to help out with the others. If the barrels and cisterns weren’t full, we had to slow the march up to bore more wells. Anthony didn’t like to wait for anyone not even watermen.
Anthony didn’t have much patience for JUNCKE either; planned deliveries of food, fuel and other essentials were constantly cancelled and rescheduled. You could almost see steam come out of his ears when JUNCKE changed a scheduled delivery, but nonetheless, as sporadic and chaotic as their deliveries were they were enabling the march to continue. We’ll get to the old coast in no time. Then it’ll be north for most of us, but some were hoping to go south or as far as they can get; it’s warmer down that way but they’ll need to build up some fresh colonies. No more colonies for me; I want to live in a nice big city state – where it’s safe.
“That’s just one step closer to up top,” Fern would say when he was being a bugger. 
He was going to go south.
“Old South or new South?” I’d ask.
“Old South of course; just the way God made it.”
And so we continued and the weather wasn’t so good for a few weeks. There were dust storms so severe that we had to stop and idle for half days at a time and the damn things seemed to be always coming from the west so you had dust in your face and dirt sticking to your teeth as we continued on. On average we were picking up another one hundred marchers a day; we were soon going to be twenty-five hundred. Some of these new marchers had become unemployed because of the recent political uncertainties and others it appeared to me just felt disenfranchised and were looking for something better.
The media was just crazy with conspiracies. It was looking more and more like some kind of war was breaking out across the entire Republic. There were other mysterious attacks taking place on more than a few Republican colonies and their assets in near space. It wasn’t your traditional terrorism; these guys were pros. It had the Deep Space Colonies’ fingerprints all over it. Who else would do such contemptible things? They’ve done it before to get what they wanted from their old world enemies.
The hysteria caused by all this uncertainty was taking a heavy toll on the morale of the marchers. Some worried that if our group got any larger - that the authorities would interfere. 
“It’s looking more like a war is coming. But I can’t for the life of me sort out the actual players. I suppose some have yet to reveal themselves. But down here – life as we once knew it has been turned upside down,” said my neighbor while the two of us wrestled with changing out a worn bearing on his trailer.
An entire colony joined up with us one day; all two hundred or so of them. They were Nutters and they were called that because they were odd people. Some would call them a cult, some would simply call them lunatics but they were sure different and not the least bit ashamed of it. For instance, they practised natural childbirth. None of them had a formal education. They lived off the land and didn’t ask for anything from others but to be left alone. They showed up and trailed us by a kilometer or two and always camped nearby for the night.
Their children ran free and unsupervised all the time. Their elders always appeared to be belligerent, loud and indifferent to anything that didn’t directly concern them. What united them together wasn’t family or ethnicity – it was spirit. They were like some of those deep space types: freemen. They didn’t respect the Republic, they didn’t respect the New Eurons and they didn’t respect the Vestigial Colonist Act either. They were outsiders and they liked it that way.
At any rate, I like them. They were after all providing an important service by following us: they were guarding our rear. No one in our march wanted to follow behind or camp for the night around the perimeter. You didn’t feel safe. No one wanted to be picked off by one of these highway men that ravage us from time to time and any time the highway men interfered with the Nutters; the Nutters came out on top. They were fearless. They must have had something more potent than Antzi in their blood. Their young men were the fittest, their young women the most alluring but not a one in all their number had much in the way of intelligence.
There was one Nutter that I befriended shortly after they joined us. His name was Willy and frankly, just about everyone in that group had a name that ended with an ‘ie’ or a ‘y’. I liked to call him William. He was their waterman. I couldn’t be calling him Willy the waterman now could I? It was disrespectful.
William was old school of course. He’d never heard of half of my gear. When we’d stop for the night I’d always check to make sure that he and his crew weren’t going thirsty. If someone is going to be doing something as important as watching your back you have to provide them with something in return, too.
One thing about those Nutters – they loved fireworks. On a day of rest they’d drop whatever they were doing to see a show put on by Fern and myself at night. Their necks would all be craned in unison and their mouths would all be hanging open after each burst of color or clatter of one of Fern’s roman candles. And once Lyle got involved with his own pyrotechnics things really went up a couple of notches. He had one he called a horsetail; that one was really popular. Every Nutter cooed to that one.
You know, if it weren’t for this experience as harsh as it was; travelling this dusty road day after day – just how else I wondered would I ever have managed to meet so many fascinating people. My world was so small, and albeit - so comfortable back in Shelby and here on this god forbidden road it had expanded dramatically with hundreds of new relationships. I seldom saw more than two hundred colonists at once back in Shelby, now I see nearly two thousand every day. Too many to know all their names but I’m pretty certain that I know everyone of their faces.
I began spending more time with little Ivan. It was just one of those things: Peg had fallen hard for a swarthy marcher named Cass. He seemed alright but there wasn’t enough room or privacy for him, Peg, Ivan and myself in the tractor, so she was now cohabitating with him. I was Ivan’s guardian at night and Peg was Ivan’s guardian through the day. I think Ivan had always hoped that Peg and I would hook up but that was never in the cards – we’d been good friends for far too long and my heart still pined for Ella.
Ivan spent his evenings studying extinct insects. He’d go through hundreds of files and photos of insects and bugs that had long died off. These days the only insects one saw were roaches and lice and such that lived in indoor environments because the world outside was just too harsh for them. There were suppose to be crickets on Vancouver Island and he was just desperate to see one in the wild one day. He and I would play recordings of cricket sounds when we went to sleep at night. Their music would put both of us into a dreamy sleep in about ten minutes.
One morning, after just such an evening the day got started like a big beautiful dream. People all around were in pleasant upbeat moods and I heard only a few grunts and moans as everyone packed up their gear for another day on the road. But what everyone was cheerful about was that today was only going to be just a half day of travel; we were to stop at about ten kilometers down the road for a prearranged JUNCKE drop. There would be food and supplies to collect that had been ordered in some cases weeks ago so there was a mood of great expectation. I myself was waiting for two new heads for my Plazma boring rig; they made the undeniably best gear. If it said Plazma on it; I was buying it.
The drop was set up like an off road carnival and there had to be near twenty or more pop-up kiosks set up. Music was blaring, and the odours of exotic deep fried food wafted through the air from food kiosks. There were barkers and fast talking salesman who were all assaulting your ears with their pitches and messages. 
There was a kiosk set up for recruitment to deep space colonies and jobs up top. There were hucksters selling real estate on Vancouver Island, counterfeit citizenship papers, sex, drugs and enlightenment. There were missionaries who wanted your soul and the Republican Armed Forces who wanted you to kill for them.
Peg insisted that in no way was little Ivan to go near that place, but it was already too late I explained to her as I had just seen him riding up top on Moose’s shoulders as he often did and heading to the Juncke kiosks. She was livid when I told her and ran red faced in pursuit of the two. Good luck to her. Little Ivan needs to learn all about the weaknesses of humanity and today would make for a good introduction. No one was going to bother the boy sitting atop a two point two meter tall monster named Moose.
I swear that after an hour had passed that I was the only one who was still working and not over at the kiosks. I had wells to drill; or I‘d hear about it. My break would have to come later.
 Fern came to join me.
“Curran there was an awful lot of gear off loaded; a lot more than we could have ordered for our group,” said Fern excitedly.
“Well Fern I would expect some of that might be for some of those that are still behind us.”
“I seen a dozen or more new faces talking with Anthony and they were not ours. They were fresh and new like from off Earth. They had some fast vehicles with them, too,” added Fern.
“Is that so? Well we won’t miss tonight’s meeting than will we?”
“I’m dyin’ for some of that carnival food, too. You know when you’ve been out here for so long that stuff as bad as it is, - smells just delicious. My mouth’s actually watering Curran.”
“Well Fern, after the next well let’s say you and I wander over there and get some of that awful stuff. I got some gear to pick up.”
So Fern and I headed over to the JUNCKE dream park as they liked to call these things to get my gear, something to eat and drink, and who knows what else. We were met with cheery faces coming from the kiosks and heading back into our camp. Smiling faces is always a good sign. Fern and I did also see some of our Nutters who had obviously fallen prey to some fermentation but they too seemed to be cheerful for Nutters.
Once inside the park Fern and I went our separate ways; he couldn’t wait to eat and I headed over to the JUNCKE drop off to get my gear. I didn’t see Moose, Ivan or Peg during my travel; there were just too many people and other distractions. The noise coming from the youth orientated kiosks was just enormous. There were games of chance available but no sexual services were being provided; JUNCKE was pretty strict about that kind of thing. Their public image was everything to them.
Media drones were buzzing about and I saw at least one two point interview going on over at the recruitment kiosks. Surprisingly, the business looked brisk there. I had a look at these land machines that Fern had mentioned and they looked almost fit for military duty; all terrain and zero contact. I saw one go; it was quiet as a mouse and lightning fast. It got me wondering what was up. I didn’t see Anthony, Mah or any other members of the cabinet in my travel either.
I collected my Plazma heads and headed back to the real world which was my camp but as I did something very unusual happened. The music stopped. Kiosks began closing. The media literally took flight. People started heading back to the camp in a hurry.
Down the road from us there were marchers coming back; you could just make them out on the horizon. I could see some smoke rising in the western sky. Apparently, there had been more than a bit of trouble just down the road from us – and there were casualties!
Peg was in a panic. I did my best to calm her down. There was an alarm for our marchers to assemble in the case of danger and it had not been raised – yet, I assured her. Moose had brought little Ivan back who predictably was flying around like any other kid on a sugar rush.
“In a few hours we’ll know more. There’s a meeting tonight and we’ll find out what’s going on down the road,” I said.
As the minutes went by, the rumor was that an improvised explosive device was detonated beneath a column of marchers about ten kilometers down the road from us. No one knew who was responsible or why it happened. But the highway was closed and hundreds of marchers were retreating back down the road with personal horror stories about what they had seen or experienced.
It was standing room only at the meeting that night. Most of the JUNCKE kiosks were either gone or abandoned by this time. The cheery faces from earlier in the day were also gone and some people’s patience was wearing thin: there were arguments and threats being made between marchers of different political orientation. It was grim.
“Ladies and gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen,” shouted Anthony trying to bring the meeting to order.
“Let’s bring this fucking meeting to order please. I’ve have important news for all of you tonight.”
The crowd went quiet.
“This march is now officially – a mass migration.”
There were jeers from the audience.
“There are an estimated fifty thousand marchers behind us now. The colonies you chose to leave just weeks ago, - are now empty. Everyone and anyone within light years of here now know of us. We are of public and government interest now. And I’m here tonight to tell you that there is now no means for us to go backwards. Your former homes are gone. The corporations have already moved in. I have a list of more than ten colonies that have had their territory returned to the Republic. I have the names of many more that are teetering on collapse. We have only one way to go now – and that’s forward. There’s no going back,” said Anthony.
“I” he said and he pointed to himself, “am a man who made a good living travelling this highway for years. And, I have now come to the realization – that this is my last trip on this road. There will not be another. And now, every criminal and bandit that’s out there now knows that this is their last time to cheat those who’ve travelled this highway for years.
“I have hired a mass media expert from the Thirteenth Colony who has experience with dealing with governments of all levels, corporate lawyers, gangsters, para-militaries and all their bullshit. I would like to introduce you to my latest advisor and cabinet member, Trevor Harrison and he and his support people will aid us through the remainder of our march.”
Trevor smiled and got up to speak. He was a slight man; not much taller than a New Euron. He seemed to have a common Republican trait of arrogance though, or so it appeared to be, a mild case of it. New Eurons and Republicans all gave off this elitist aura; they weren’t from here and they couldn’t help it.
“My fellow marchers I do not wish to frighten you but we are all in grave danger. If you think that there’s no room for you here then I must tell you there’s no room for you anywhere else either. Above us every breath of air has a cost and down here the precious space you take up is apparently too priceless for you to keep. Where are we to go? That is the question.
“There are people who care, and they have thought about your dilemma for a very long time, - that’s why there’s a new city state in the works. There are also people who are opposed to the formation of this new city state and they want to make your lives hell. They want you up top, they want you in deep space, or they want you to colonize the emerging territories in the Pacific – all of these are a tough go.
“My personal mission is to get as many of you as possible to Vancouver Island. You’ll be citizens there. You’ll have more personal freedom. You’ll have more control over your destiny. No governor. Just think of that.”
There were hoots of approval to that idea. Every vestigial colonist hated the governor. What good was it electing a mayor who reported to an appointed governor?
The real unspoken about, elephant in the room however, was: who was this guy? Well, most everyone knew. Some were indifferent about it. Some weren’t happy about it but people like me – well I kind of always liked Cosmo. This Trevor Harrison guy came with a lot of expensive gear and a crew of about ten; there was no way Anthony had the money to pay for all of this. This man works for Cosmo. He’s been sent by Cosmo. I just know it.
I’m pleased that we are finally getting some attention from a bonafide human rights philanthropist such as Cosmo. The unfortunate thing however is that no one wants to be his pawn.
When I get the chance I’m going ask the man if he knows a New Euron named Kingsley and I’m not going to take a no for an answer.


*****


The highway appeared to be clear of trouble the following morning and though we were wary at first once we got going people began to relax. I don’t think that there were too many of us that thought for a minute that we were too big to be bothered by highway men anymore. If we consolidate our marchers, they the highway men will simply consolidate their own numbers; we’ll see.
Later, as the march progressed into the afternoon Trevor Harrison and Anthony came to see me. They wanted a bigger commitment from me. As the number of marchers grew so did the need for more water. I had been leaving all my wells well marked as we proceeded each day but there were now fifty thousand marchers following us and more were anticipated. They wanted me and Fern to travel about on one of these land otters as they called them to the back of the larger body of the march and then forward to the front of the march throughout the course of each day to enhance the supply of fresh water for all of the marchers. I explained to them that I would need more equipment so when I found a good well I could bore wider to take advantage of the better flow.
They promised me a full time operator for the otter and all the laborers that I might need. I told them that I needed more than some labor; I needed some talent. I needed at least a couple of apprentices; the more watermen boring each day the better. And indeed a day later I was looking at a couple of fresh young faces eager to learn a trade. I also had a full time land otter operator and all the gear I had asked for; Taffy would have been salivating.
My days got really long however. Little Ivan was good about it and some real nice people took care of my tractor and wagon.
Rodger was my otter operator. The guy was in love with that machine. It was twice as quick as the old Eldorado but it was pretty much a utility vehicle and not an elegant machine to look at. I’d never had much exposure to a non contact vehicle before this one but it could fly at anywhere from a meter to three meters above a surface wet or dry. If the surface was smooth and low, I was told that then it could cruise at one hundred kilometers per hour and with the top down and under the same conditions – two hundred kilometers an hour.
“Enough to rip your arm off if you were stupid enough to stick it out a window,” exaggerated Rodger.
Generally, we would load her up in the morning, tie everything down good and tight, buckle ourselves in and Rodger who had the only proper seat would take the otter into the sky like it was a rocket. He’d keep us within a hundred meters of the highway lest we get stopped by the New Euron stingers that appeared to follow the march’s progress each day.
“I hate them pecker heads. Half of my training is learning how to deal with them idiots,” said Rodger.
For all of the his first week with us he was stopped at least once a day by either the New Euron authorities, the Republican authorities, or anybody else in a uniform that want to look his otter over.
“If I didn’t have a weapon yesterday; why would I have one today? If I had my paperwork looked at yesterday; why would I not have it with me today? Do I look stupid to you?” asked Rodger.
“And don’t you say I do,” he’d kid us.
Rodger liked to complain and if he wasn’t complaining you had to watch out in case he was on one of his slow quiet burns. All fly boys are quirky they say.
My apprentices: Nala and Jamir were both from the same colony. Nala who was sixteen was as cool as a cucumber; nothing rattled her. If she came up against an obstacle she’d just try a different approach without any hesitation. Jamir was a year older than Nala and I swear he has to have a near photographic memory; you only had to show him how to do something once and never again.
Fern and I switched apprentices every few days. Nala liked to be told what to do and Jamir was always trying to impress you. Fern and I kept it simple: the marchers needed water and that’s what we focused their training on – drilling wells. The rest could wait.
It took Anthony and Trevor some time but their plan was to have the weakest, the most vulnerable and of course the slowest marchers set our pace because we have to stick together. The strongest were put up front and around the march’s perimeter. I saw a lot of people that in my opinion had no right being in such a march – some couldn’t walk; they rode in tractors and wagons. Surely, you would think that an exception could be made for the infirm – this was the twenty-sixth century after all. There are means that could move all of us comfortably but, - no one wants us.
Even the city state of Vancouver Island was getting cold feet. They had a new mayor and he was elected on a platform to limit the number of vestigial migrants to accept. I got news for him: a tsunami of vestigial colonists is about to hit him and his fledgling city.
We got word at the end of our tenth week on the road that an impenetrable roadblock had been set up by the New Eurons. They had cataloged all seventy thousand of our marchers and apparently some five thousand of us were anomalies of one sort or another. Some it was citizenship problems, others it was for criminal activities; Moose was in a panic. Cosmo and company were fighting the legality of it as it interfered with our right to migrate as we have traditionally done for centuries. It always troubled me that as a people who having fought so hard for the Vestigial Colonist Act which as a treaty is supposed to guarantee our right to practise our basic traditions that we are always challenged when we did so. If you live in a near desert – you sometimes have to pack up and move. What else is there to understand?
I must admit just as they are noted for: the New Eurons are clever. Any other megalomaniacal entity would have brought their fist down weeks ago. Not the New Eurons; they waited till we were in a position where there were no detours or ways around their roadblock.
And of course, there was another meeting for all who were concerned and the consensus of that meeting was that we wait.
Late the next morning following some waterman business Rodger and I went up ahead in the otter to have a closer look at the New Euron roadblock. We stayed back a safe distance and by aid of a viewer at an elevation of about three meters up we could see that earthworks had been constructed probably just a few days ago down the road. A wide deep trench had been cut through the road and a steep embankment was built up on the far side. I could make out some stingers and infantry; both miu and human and a lot of large machines. Some of the machinery was of the construction variety but one was a big old cigar shaped troop carrier. These troop carriers don’t fly in or land as in aircraft; they are delivered by a matter transporter. They are basically a short haul space ship. JUNCKE used them sometimes to make large deliveries but the military also used them to deliver personnel and gear to wherever it was needed.
We took the sight in for a few minutes and we were very careful not to look the least bit threatening to any that might notice our presence.
“Well what do think about that Rodger?” I asked.
He was scratching his head in a nervous manner and exhaled a big long breath as he looked out into the horizon.
“I think we should get the fuck out of here, Curran. There’s a whole lot of trouble over there.”
“Have you ever been in the military?” I asked him.
“No.  I’m more of a lover than a hater. I did civil duty for two years back on the colony like every other young guy back in the day. It’s pretty much all machinery anyhow.” And after pausing a moment in reflection he added, “I’ve cleaned up after them if you know what I mean.”
“No I don’t. What do you mean?” I asked.
“That’s something that I’d rather not talk about.”
In the middle of that night while most of the marchers slept the Nutters were attacked by highway men and this time they brought with them two pairs of bolt-heads. Imagine that. It makes one think. Just who’s in charge here?
I heard the alarm and once I was properly attired I ran as quick as my legs would carry me to where the screams and clatter were coming from. I bet there were more than a hundred of us in various stages of attire that came to the Nutter’s aid but it was all over by the time we got there.
There were about a dozen dead dogs and about ten casualties; half of them fatal.
“It could have been worse if we didn’t have such overwhelming numbers over the attackers,” I said to Peg afterwards.
“Yes it could have been a lot worse – there could have been two hundred dead. It’s not like running to a fire or an accident. You’re running to a fight without a weapon. We’re defenceless out here,” implored an upset Peg. 
Peg’s a glass half empty kind of girl, but she’s also right. No one knows better than her what is like to fight for your life with not much more than your bare hands.
So, we idled; it seemed so natural now and only a few months ago we couldn’t quite grasp the natural inclination to sit and wait. You could now watch our progress in the media and hear a million opinions about these damn marchers. Most of it was pure fantasy: we were likened to animals, we were called criminals, a weight on society and an impediment to progress.
And there was also the weather to contend with; the wind would only subside at night or so it seemed. I can say that there no more showers of incoming however; I’ll tell you I don’t miss that.
This last spate of violence hit home. People were on edge and acting out in frustration. I can full well understand that violence causes anxiety but those in charge of keeping the peace around here were having a real challenge with it. Even little Ivan began acting peculiar; he had developed an unbelievably foul mouth. I suppose if you are treated poorly you will be inclined to behave poorly.
Nala and I were out on the perimeter of the camp a few days after the bolt-heads had attacked the Nutters. We had a stubborn pump to contend with and I bet we were there most of the day and our efforts had been noticed by some of the Nutters. They were a friendly sort but they were also still pretty much a big mystery to me anyways as to how they did their business. Well, a couple of them invited us into one of their homes on wheels for a meal and it was appreciated because we had only expected our visit to the pump would last an hour or so and not most of the day. So we were famished.
They were a young couple who also cohabitated with an elderly lady. As we entered their wagon I noticed Nala’s eyes grow wider and wider; the decor was like nothing I’d seen before. There wasn’t an instrument, a dial or switch to be seen in there and all the walls were adorned with a thick fabric that had wild ornate patterns of gold and red. It smelled of both herbs and human perspiration.
The old woman sat up on a bed that served her as both her place to sleep and sit. It appeared that she had some mobility issues. She smiled generously as both I and Nala found some seating at a tiny table that had been set for just two. She had black seed eyes and her head floated from side to side as she acknowledged our presence.
“I know you,” she said.
“You are a waterman.
“You have a gift I’ve been told.”
“That’s correct. I am a waterman. And this is my apprentice: Nala,” I responded.
“This is Marta. She is our oldest elder,” said one of the young Nutters.
“How old if I might ask?” I asked.
“Seventy-three.”
Oh my God I thought.
“Wow,” cooed Nala. “I’ve never met anyone that old. What’s your secret Mam?”
One of whom now appeared to be Marta’s servants answered with a smile, “Marta was our colony’s waterman for more than forty years.”
I know what’s coming now.
“I knew your mother many years ago,” announced the elderly woman.
“Can you feel it young man? Can you feel the flow? All water flows to the sea. It hasn’t stopped flowing you know. I can feel it flowing beneath me now. Can you?”
“I suppose,” I lied. “And that’s a very insightful way to put it,” I added.
“We’ll be through all this in no time,” she replied and finally she blinked her tiny black seed eyes.
I don’t think this lady was all there. Seventy-three years old is a very long life for anyone these days, unless you were rich of course. Who’d think that a Nutter could live for so long? She smiled contentedly as Nala and I enjoyed a delicious dish of rice and peas with some fragrant cool water.
“You have a lovely aura my son.”
“Why thank you. My girlfriend used to say the same thing,” I answered smiling.
“Ella,” she said with a knowing grin.
Nala’s jaw dropped and her chewing slowed to a crawl.
This is getting weird. Part of me wanted to ask for the numbers for next week’s Lifetime Lottery; top prize incidentally was immortality for one hundred years.
“Pay heed to your gift, and you will reach your goals, my son.” 
She then yawned and repositioned herself into a supine position on her bed, closed her black seed eyes and went to sleep.


*****


It took some seven days but a deal was eventually struck with the New Eurons. The list of people of interest to the New Eurons was pared down to a mere five hundred. Real criminals seemed to be exempt of any worry to the delight of people like our Moose. It was select professionals, academics and politicos that were being put under the microscope. At any rate, any marcher – migrant or otherwise was going to have their paperwork in order to pass this newly constructed New Euron checkpoint in the future.
It took another full day to process our group and we now numbered just above the one hundred thousand mark and still growing. One notable politico from our old group that was arrested at the New Euron checkpoint was our old friend of sorts: Mah.  Anthony and Trevor didn’t seem to be too concerned about his arrest. I think they wished him good riddance.
Not long after our delay at the New Euron checkpoint Fern and I were asked to attend a private meeting with both Trevor and Anthony. It was done quite secretly and in of all places it took place inside one of the many thousands of moving wagons. Once we arrived and entered the rocking wagon that had a worn bearing on its rear right wheel by the sounds of it, we were also greeted with the presence of Lyle, too.
“Gentlemen, there have been discussions lately that this migrant march needs the means in place to defend itself from something more than the highway men attacks that we have thus far only had to deal with. There is a consensus among the cabinet members that we need a weapon or weapon system or an effective strategy to defend ourselves from hardened attackers. It’s no longer just a possible likelihood that we will be attacked by armed and armoured enemies it’s just a matter of when,” said Trevor in a concerted and matter of fact manner.
“Lyle here thinks that you two and he could marry some technology to make it happen.”
And I’m thinking: Lyle what are you getting us into? You make some awesome fireworks. Fern and I have some fun launching them. We’re not guns for hire.
No. We’re apparently rocket launchers for hire. And after some more discussion we were now going to become ‘guided rocket launchers’.
“Who’s going to drill the wells?” I asked.
“We have a greater need for more security than water right now Curran,” said Anthony.
“We’ll find a couple more watermen if needed but for the time being both you and Fern are to lend your expertise to Lyle here,” added Trevor.
Lyle was not apologetic about my as he called them: selfish concerns. Fern wanted nothing to with the program either but Fern hadn’t seen two bolt-heads decimate his colony as I had so I did eventually come around.
Now Lyle had put a lot of thought into this. He wanted two systems to be developed. Firstly, a short range rocket that could be fired and guided electronically to its target. This weapon was more of a shoulder launched rocket that had a lot in common with our fireworks displays. The second system was rather ingenious I must say because all air space beyond a few hundred meters was controlled by the New Eurons or the Republicans by an impenetrable blanket of surveillance that virtually covered the entire planet; they ruled the air. But they didn’t rule what was hidden from them beneath the earth and this is where I come in. I could accurately drill a case-less horizontal line for kilometers if necessary in very short order and then launch an explosive charge propelled by compressed air for instance to a target at the end of that line. The major caveat to this plan was again: electronics. Electronics would have to be kept to a minimum lest our enemies and their overwhelming technology undo our stealth.
My favorite tech provider was Plazma and their case-less bores were just the perfect technology for such a venture. The real challenge was Lyle’s because he needed a significant payload to be delivered that could actually do some damage to say: a troop carrier. The size of the bore hole and the distance the payload would have to travel were variables that had to be considered but I had faith in Lyle; he had already proved himself to be a clever man. I told him if he wanted to do it right: go to a longer missile but it must be flexible other than that we’re looking at just a shot or a ball – like our fireworks for a missile.
I don’t think another day went by before Lyle gave both Fern and I a heads up that come our next down day which was still three days away that he’d have some prototypes to experiment with that evening along with our fireworks. I must say, that Lyle is both irrepressible and passionate about anything he gets an interest in.
The night before our next down day our camp came under attack again. It was similar to the past ones in that it occurred in the last hour of darkness before sunrise. I’m not sure how many bolt-heads were involved this time but there were a lot more than a few. It was like a bad dream. I was awoken in a start by the sound of a bolt-head’s pneumatic hammering and it was way too loud to be coming from the camp’s perimeters; by the sounds of it I’d say it was about fifty meters or less away from my wagon. 
I stumbled about in the darkness of my wagon to get some clothing on because it was about three Celsius out there. Little Ivan was in a terror but I hushed him and assured him that I would not be leaving the vicinity without him. If there was any hammering at the door he was to climb out onto the wagon’s roof and wait for me.
There was quite the commotion going on out there. Men and women were running and scurrying all over the place. Some were screaming in terror and they could not have been more than fifty meters away from me and others nearby that I could also hear who were calling out to each other in urgent hushed voices.
“There goes one!” someone shouted to warn the others.
I could hear him racing around much like I had remembered from just a few months ago. It was a whirring noise and the sounds of dust and pebbles being thrown up. I couldn’t use a lamp to spot him or he’d put a projectile into me. 
I found a Johnson bar from an opened tool box and I crept about between the parked tractors and wagons.
It got to the point that I had nothing to worry about as far as drawing the bolt-heads to attention to me because there were dozens of stupid people drawing the machines’ attention to them with portable lamps and noise.
“Damn,” I said in a hushed voice because when I finally got a good look at one I could see that he had a whisker and there had to be at least six dogs yapping and barking at him.
He began drilling on a wagon door. It was now or never so I ran at him with the Johnson bar in hand when Moose suddenly showed up and single handily broke the bolt-head into two pieces with a couple of good bashes from a hefty pry bar.
“Am I glad to see you,” I said to the grinning Moose.
“I – like this!” shouted Moose.
“It reminds me of back home!”
“Where’s the rest of your clothing? Is this how you dress at home? Where’s your pants?” I asked a mostly naked Moose.
“No time for pants Curran.” 
And he ran off.
There was no sign of the media till much later that day. They only seem to show up for funerals and body bags. When they are here you feel safe and when they are gone you feel vulnerable - that’s what I know.

*****

Two erectors appeared at the side of the highway later that week. Erectors are specialty hybrids and as their name indicates they build things. They build things really well and very quickly. They kept their distance from the march but each day they could be seen following us as the march progressed. 
Rodger didn’t care for their presence much and more or less took any opportunity to deride them when we passed by them in our travels in the otter. Some people find the presence of hybrids abhorrent and intolerable. Only thing worse was a bonafide man-machine they say. I always found that once you got over the creepiness that they were invaluable assistants, workmates, or whatever else they were engineered for. They didn’t argue. They didn’t talk back. They had a programmed work ethic that would make a New Euron blush with embarrassment. What wasn’t there to like except for their slight creepiness. There are more than a few people I know that give me the creeps for that matter.
I know it wasn’t going to be easy but if these two erectors are available: I want them. They can build platforms for my drilling that I could only imagine; accuracy is everything. I know I can count on Lyle. But Fern? Trevor? And just about everyone else in the march might think differently.
After explaining my case to Anthony and Trevor they got on board and agreed to use their executive privilege to veto any naysayers in their cabinet. Lyle the pragmatist had no problem. Little Ivan was thrilled with the idea. Fern however was not so accommodating. He wanted to know what was wrong with his platforms and he insisted that he personally would have nothing to do with them lest some might think less of him.
I walked out to see the two all by my lonesome while Rodger sat on his ass in the otter. These two were big bruisers that had at least a three meter reach I bet. It was unusual to be looking up at these two. They did bend down rather unnaturally to greet me in a way that was certainly not human. We shook hands and in the softest voices they introduced themselves as Lewis and Chakka.
They had been set free after the sudden death of their owner three weeks earlier.  He had taken his own life after losing his business. 
“There’s no work,” they both said.
“We decided to follow the march in hopes that there might be work for us at its end,” added Lewis.
In the mean time for sustenance they’ve been catching and eating the mice that live along the highway.
“What do they taste like?” I asked.
“They’re not too bad,” answered Chakka and Lewis nodded in agreement.
Chakka drove one of his long arms effortlessly into the ground and pulled out a mouse.
“That one’s too small. No justice in eating him,” and he put the tiny rodent back into the soil that he had just disturbed.
I was sold.
Our crew now looked awfully peculiar flying about in the otter with Chakka and Lewis aboard; those two were near a meter taller than the rest of the crew. The erectors were careful not to be looking at the wrong things or to be seen idling; people are suspicious and they were well aware of it. In the evening they often volunteered to patrol the perimeter of the camp which was an unpopular job these days. Some marchers were taking bets on how they might manage if squared off against a bolt-head. I’d place my money on the erectors. Height and reach are two big levellers in any fight.
Lyle had assembled a small team of volunteers for his drug enhancement program for select enforcement. Two groups of three were created and they in turn took direction from two handlers for each team. The drug program would in short order build up the muscle in the subjects and additionally make them absolutely fearless immediately. The handlers provided more than just direction when these enforcers were on duty, they – contained them when they weren’t. Apparently, when one was under the influence of these drugs psychopathic behavior was a common outcome and they would need to be contained by their handlers. Not much different than the dogs we keep and their handlers if you ask me.
Attacks on our march seemed to grow in intensity and frequency as our numbers increased. I responded to a few of them only to find that I was either too late or the fracas was already in full swing. I just don’t understand where all these bolt-heads were coming from. The media speculated that they had become surplus from a cleanup program on an unnamed planet in deep space or maybe it was a planet in the Luyten system, I’m not sure. The media was famous for making shit up about the deep space colonies and frankly these deep space colonists had become infamous for lacking any moral compass when it came to colonization. 
The reality of course is that there are only two or three inhabitable planets out there and just about everyone and I mean like ninety-nine percent of the humanity do not live on one. By far, most people live in concrete constructs that are orbiting some god forbidden rock in space, - that’s why I’m never leaving Earth. I’d rather die young here than die young up there.
As long as there is a drop of water here, I’m staying. Supposedly, the New Euron thought is that less water on Earth will help correct Earth’s carbon imbalance. I got news for them: it’s not working. Water exports have increased exponentially over the last three centuries and still the environment here is almost intolerable.


*****


It took several fireworks displays to perfect Lyle’s weapon systems. The shoulder launched rockets took the populace by storm; everyone wanted one but no one wanted one of these rocket launchers put into the hands of Lyle’s marauders because they were just too truly terrifying. One of his crew actually howled at night like a wolf man. They kept him in a cage when he wasn’t needed. He didn’t recognize his old friends. And I heard that he actually killed a feral dog with his own bare hands before eating it. This was an experiment that needed a stop put to it. But, - the media ate it up and the sight of these monsters patrolling the camp’s perimeters at night had the desired effect on some of our more persistent attackers.
Lyle was having trouble with his other weapon system that involved my bores. He had a few proto types but he was concerned that my drilling heads being remotely guided would be easily detected by a sophisticated enemy. I suggested that at the end of each day when the march would set up camp for the night an array of horizontals could be bored out to the most strategically important areas. To the average onlooker we’d look like we were drilling traditional wells; no one would know the difference. He liked the idea but felt we could do better than just delivering an explosive device to a specific underground location. And this is where I got an idea for a flyer that is literally launched from an inclined bore hole much like the fireworks that Fern and I had been launching for months now. Surely, there must be a simple way of guiding a flyer to a large target without the use of electronic communications. It had to be mechanical however like an archer shooting an arrow; any other means would be easily defeated by the common military technology found on stingers, troop carriers and even by some of the regular miu’s we’ve been seeing lately.

*****


The media was in a frenzy; it was now announced that by their expert calculations that more than five hundred thousand marchers will eventually arrive at the new city state of Vancouver Island. Two groups behind us have recently merged that total almost another two hundred thousand marchers. The entire east to west leg of highway has turned into a highway of flesh. Our progress because of the march’s sheer size and volume had slowed to a crawl: to just seven kilometers a day.
Also, according to the media there are now two other mass migrations in progress: one in continental Europe and the other in Central Asia. ‘Too Big To Fail’, and ‘The Spreading Contagion’ were popular headlines in the media. Talking heads from all over the Republic orated on what should be done to curtail the massive impact this influx of humanity was going to have on these soon to be inundated city states. Some demanded military action. Others wanted the Vestigial Colonist Act to be amended.
It was a lot of work for the Golden Hearts; they were delivering food and medical aid to my group and to the rest of the march on a daily basis. And, it was a lot of money for JUNCKE; I saw more of them and their gear than I did of the Republican and New Euron authorities and all the highway men put together. 
“When will it all end?” pleaded the newly elected mayor of Vancouver Island’s new city state.
It’ll all end when we all get there that’s what I say.


*****


Because of my busy work schedule I was seeing less and less of little Ivan and Peg and it was showing. The few hours a day or I should say of each evening had little Ivan badgering me to spend more time together – like we used to, he’d say. I used to include him in my work at times and he liked that but these days work was too hectic and I’m afraid I’d lose sight of him. It seemed that he always required supervision or he’d find some trouble to get into.
These days he wants me to take him to see the caged men as calls them or Lyle’s marauders as others refer to them. I’m surprised that he hasn’t gone to visit them already by himself or with some friends but I sense that he’s a little too fearful; he’s only seven years old after all. After days of badgering I relented and we went to a location on the perimeter of the camp at about an hour before dusk.
“I don’t want to hear about how you can’t sleep at night Ivan if you become scared out of your wits. These men don’t want to see little boys. They’re soldiers of sorts and they are risking their very lives. It’s not entertainment.”
“I want to see them. What if – what if I have to become like one of them some day?” asked Ivan.
And I was a little surprised with this new twist to his argument. What if – goes the same for me too.
The caged men were indeed – caged. Lyle had told me that they were unpredictable between doses or so called patches. They’d be verbally abusive or at someone’s throat literally with little provocation between doses of Antzi. So while they were strung out they were contained in cages and when their services were required and at night for the most part they became over confident, psychotic killers. Cold, quiet, - killing machines. In only a week and half they’d bagged ten highway men and twice as many bolt-heads.
Ivan’s face showed stress as soon as we heard our first scream on our approach to the well guarded compound. It was blood curdling to the ear and full of profanities. About a dozen men and women were standing about outside the fencing; most of them were Nutters. As it turned out some of the onlookers were family members of the men in the cages. These days it doesn’t surprise me anymore that the Nutters have signed up for such a harrowing job. For a simple lot as they appear to most casual observation – they are strikingly passionate defenders of the bit of order that they call their own.
The Antzi would not be administered to these men for another thirty minutes and you could almost smell the anxiety that came from them. Men shouldn’t look like this. Men shouldn’t behave this way. This was ludicrous. What was the committee thinking?
Each time the most vocal man shrieked or shouted a horrible profanity I could see little Ivan’s face twitch or his head turn away.
“I think I’ve seen enough Ivan. How about you?” I said to the startled little boy standing next to me.
His answer was an about face and we headed back to our trailer.
“Well what did you think of that Ivan?” I asked as we walked.
“Why’d you take me there?” asked little Ivan on the brink of tears.
“I don’t know,” I answered.
“I’m sorry,” I added and I squeezed his small soft hand.
We went back to the trailer and the two of us were rather sombre of course. We watched some media. Little Ivan’s life is totally entwined with what the media spins. And then and there, the two of us together saw that they had finally discovered our Moose - all two point two meters of him. We watched as Moose in his own his words described to the media how he beats bolt-heads into pieces with a titanium bar that he had clenched in his massive hands above his head. He then paused to grin dramatically in a childish manner and he looked directly into the lens and growled, “Wait until I get a hold of you,” in a nasty and menacing voice as the media drone beat a hasty retreat.
Little Ivan and I exchanged amused, crooked grins and I announced that I was retiring for bed. I had wells to drill tomorrow.


*****


I stopped going to the daily information meetings and any other meetings for that matter because it seemed that each time I attended one I was given more responsibilities to manage. Sometimes, it just doesn’t pay to be conscientious. If I heard Trevor’s or Anthony’s voice while I was out and about, I’d look for somewhere to hide. I got all my updates these days from the apprentices or Rodger each morning. Of course this ploy wasn’t going to last but I was determined to stay out of eyesight and earshot of the committee for as long as I could manage.
The march’s progress was nearing a standstill; a mere kilometer or two a day. The ‘think tank’ as Trevor and Anthony liked to be called these days had determined that something was coming our way and soon. 
“There’s a reason for everything,” said Trevor, and there was a reason why we were being held up as far as he was concerned.
In their infinite wisdom, they asked that every man and woman change their appearance. If you were a man who was clean shaven then you were to grow some facial hair and the more of it the merrier. If you were a woman you were asked to change your hair color from dark to light or vice versa. It was like a paranoia had crept into the psyche of the committee.
Within a week or two, there were men marching about with beards of biblical proportions; not me I was just sixteen and years away from that kind of facial hair growth though I wouldn’t put it pass them to ask me to wear a fake beard. Peg’s hair went from being a brunette to a bright red.
Eventually, two committee members did come to meet with me out on a work site where Fern and I and company were drilling more wells from a faltering water table for an ever growing population of idled marchers. I thought they would want to talk about the lack of water but no; it was about something far more provocative. Apparently, from somewhere above, good intelligence indicated that an event or a show of force was planned for the benefit of the marchers in as soon as a day or so. Fern and I were to stop drilling wells and we were to immediately spend all the time that we could muster at drilling lateral lines for explosive charges that were being prepared by Lyle, ASAP.
Fern would not cooperate and I don’t think any less of him for doing so, so it was I and the apprentices that set out to drill an array of horizontal bores to defend the camp at strategic or vulnerable places about its perimeter. It would have been near impossible to do this kind of work without the help of the erectors. They could transform themselves into human excavators one minute, and then into form builders the next minute. Lateral lines needed a good solid base to start from; it wasn’t like following gravity into the ground to find some water.
Fireworks displays became a nightly occurrence to entertain the idled marchers and also to test our lines. The update meetings also transformed themselves into pep rallies to raise the marchers’ morale. There were some pretty entertaining stand up comics and musicians that replaced the tiring rants that we had become used to from Trevor and Anthony. If I had the time I’d love to see them but I was getting just six hours of rest a day while all this was going on.
Lyle would visit as often as once an hour to ask me about something or to show me something that he and his group had just put together. Most of his explosive devices were pretty low tech but if delivered quickly and to a location just below the surface where the target rested could do considerable damage to whatever was immediately above it. The ‘fly boys’ were another thing altogether, at present they had no conventional guidance system that could defeat detection by the New Eurons or Republican forces, but the ever resourceful Lyle had devised an ingenious way of directing the missile to a target but it required a great deal of intuition, practise and – just plain luck to make it reliable. The missiles themselves were about two meters long and had two sets of fins placed fore and aft on their body. After a great deal of experimentation and practise by adjusting these spring-loaded fins that would come into play once the missile left its bore hole, you could guide it to its target with some reliability because it only needed to be in flight for just the last three to fifty meters of its travel.
Nala and Jamir appeared to have the best luck at operating these things but myself even after plenty of practice was only successful about half of the time in hitting a target. We could have sure used Fern’s help; this stuff was right down his alley.
Lyle now had an apprentice chemist and between the two of them they could now produce enough Antzi for about a dozen men. Surprisingly, there was no shortage of volunteers and the majority of them were of course Nutters. This militarization plan just seemed so lame to me. We were no better than spear throwers compared to the military might of the authorities that we were up against. But the ever charismatic Trevor would delight in this kind of self doubt: “Fighting back is a potent political tool; it means that we are passionate and willing to die for our cause.”
For ten days the march never moved a meter. For ten days Nala, Jamir and myself waited in an earthen bunker that had trenches running to bore holes situated all around the west side of our camp. We spent most of our time in the less confining trenches and for the most part, we only visited the bunker to sleep in or to get away from one of Lyle’s zombies. 
There were dust storms damn near every day and today’s dust storm was particularly nasty; at times you could only see ten meters in front of you and that was with a good visor. When things are miserable I tend take to self pity like most anyone else would. I liked to think about little Ivan and Peg. Sometimes I’d reminisce about my old home in Shelby and my old journeyman Taffy. And sometimes, I’d think about Ella and how crazy I was for her. Jeez, it’s been months since I’ve even thought about her when I jerk off; everything now is about the march, the march, the march.


*****


I’m picking coarse grains of sand from my teeth and looking out over the horizon. In the vista I see the same plumes of smoke that have been rising from the same cook fires that have been burning for ten days now. Suddenly, a stinger appeared in the sky and it was flying at a high rate of speed towards us. An alarm was raised; pots were being banged, whistles could be heard, gun shots rang out as the whole camp came alive in alarm.
Trevor and Anthony came running up the trench tripping and stumbling over loose rocks and stones that covered the floor of the trench I was in. 
“This might be it Curran!” shouted Trevor in a fit of excitement as he approached my location.
“Start up the air,” I alerted my apprentices.
The stinger slowed down and landed about two hundred meters away from us. It was a good sized one but it had no markings; no means of identifying it.
“What’s he up to?” asked Anthony.
“Is he in range?”
“I don’t know,” and I checked my instruments and he is out of range.
”I got nothing out that far.” I answered.
“Get some of Lyle’s men up here now,” said Trevor to an aide at his side.
“Is it Republican or New Euron?” asked Anthony.
“There are no markings. I got no idea,” I answered.
“Is that the crew getting out?” asked Trevor.
“I think so,” I said.
“A false flag perhaps?” suggested Anthony.
Another aide came running up and he was eager to be heard, “There have been no media drones sighted for thirty minutes sir.”
“Why can’t those damn drones tell us what’s up when they are leaving?” complained Anthony.
“Just what are they doing out there? Are they actually running from their stations?” asked Trevor.
At the moment, you could see them pretty clearly; the wind had let up a bit and the crew of the stinger appeared to be running from their ship.
“That’s not fucking right. These fuckers are up to something. I can fucking smell it,” said an irate Anthony.
And then the stinger exploded into a ball of flames. We were all near deaf at this point from the concussion.
“That’s it!” screamed Trevor.
 I couldn’t hear him very well but between some lip reading and a spray of spit from his mouth I gathered he was quite upset.
“That’s the provocation!” he added his voice now hoarse.
“Sound the second alarm!”
I think there was a second alarm but I couldn’t hear it but about three hundred meters out in front of me an enormous monolith of a machine suddenly appeared from an eruption of light. It was the largest war machine I’ve ever seen in my life. 
“Heater!” I heard from both Trevor and Anthony in unison and they both slapped me on the back and started to run back into the camp through the trench.
It was enormous. It had to be the biggest man-made thing that I’d ever laid eyes upon. It was like a floating mountain and it actually levitated about three meters above the ground. Some of Lyle’s marauders began to approach it. They walked beneath it and unbelievably, - they started pitching rocks at it in a crazy effort to get someone to come out of it.
I’m not attacking until they start attacking I told myself over and over. I had just ten charges and two flyboys to use at any rate. Then the big fucking thing started making noises like some enormous motor was starting up. People were running by me. One grabbed me by the arm and pleaded with me to run.
Then the landscape lit up and an illuminated grid appeared that encompassed all of our camp.
I could hear, “grid!” being screamed by another person who ran pass me and I turned about and people were running to the perimeters of this eerie green grid that was being projected upon our camp.
It was bedlam back there as people tried to move their wagons and tractors out of the grid when the whole idea was that you needed to grab what little you could save and run for your life.
Then the heater came to life in a deafening roar and like a giant bulldozer it methodically started ripping up everything from two meters below ground to two meters above in a cloud of energized and disrupted matter. I watched one of Lyle’s marauders walk right into this storm of energy and be reduced into a pink and red spray. Every wet molecule of the man was just blown apart.
It’s at this moment that your brain goes into existential calculations. You see your fate. The calculus flies through your head and the result is final. It’s Ivan.
My apprentices are gone. Everyone is gone. They’ve gone to save what they can before this machine destroys it. I send the charges through the bore holes. I assume they all exploded and wherever they exploded it mattered little. I grabbed the two flyboys. There were two bore holes fifty meters away that were bored to launch a flyboy around the flanks of a frontal attack. Lyle had assured me that their charges could bring down a stinger. I picked the two up and I began running with the two flyboys perched on my shoulders while a fucking intelligence drone followed me along. He got so close that if I had a free hand I could have swatted him away.
I just kept running. It was my best chance to land one of these things because the exit of the borehole was outside of the grid at least as far as I could tell but unfortunately the entrance of the borehole was well within it. I just kept shouting to myself, “Ivan, Ivan,Ivan!”
I could feel the heat now. My body hair was electrified and standing on end. The noise was becoming overwhelming. I had seconds to live I thought but I dove into that hole at the end of the trench, started up the compressor, adjusted the fins with the only eye I had left that wasn’t blind from the sand blowing around me and fired them flyboys one after another and then I laid still and face down in the trembling hole and waited to die.
Then, there was cacophony of mechanical clatter above me that then groaned to a ground shaking stop. All that I recall thereafter that day was that I was being carried by Chakka and my clothing was smoking.


*****


I’m not sure where I am. It certainly appears to be a secure facility like a military hospital. I can’t move my head because of some stays and I appear to have only some movement of my limbs. It feels like I’m both in a bath and that a million little mouths are eating me. I’m thinking that perhaps I need more sedation because the nibbling sensation is a very uncomfortable feeling to say the least.
A familiar face comes close to me where it appears that I’m both submerged in a solution but buoyant enough not to sink in a solution made up of thousands of tiny mouths. It’s Kinsley and he orients his head as best as he comfortably can to greet me.
“Hello old friend. We meet again,” he said.
“Kingsley?”
“Yes, and by the way your attempt to stop a one hundred thousand metric ton military heater was enormously successful. You are both a hero and a wanted criminal. It just depends on what side you’re on as to which it might be.”
“I’d like to smile Kingsley but I’m just too uncomfortable,” I answered.
“Hmm. I’ll get someone to take care of that and by the way if I were you I’d avert your eyes as to what’s happening in this tank – it’s rather distasteful to watch but also absolutely necessary so they tell me.”
A medical droid administered more sedation and I began to relax and maybe a little too much if you know what I mean. 
“Ivan?” I asked.
“Ivan, your young charge is well. In fact your camp suffered very few casualties and additionally they lost no equipment. There were three more heater attacks on the march that day and I’m sorry to say that the loss of life was high in some cases and the loss of equipment was also complete in those same cases.
“I can assure you Curran that both the Republic and the New Euron authorities expended an enormous amount of political capital that day in an effort to discourage the march. People were fired. Promises were made and a new manager has been put in charge to stop the migration. To most people he appears to have come from out of nowhere. The general public and the media in fact seem rather taken by his charismatic charm, but you and I know who he is. He’s our old acquaintance: Mah. And, both you and I know - he’s not to be trusted.”
“Mah?” I mumbled as the room changed color and Kingsley’s bald head became iridescent.
“I thought he was arrested.”
“I think his interrogation evolved into a job interview.”
“How long will I be like this?”
“How long will you be in this fish tank? I hear that it will be another forty-eight hours. And, with a little luck you’ll be back with your apprentices within a week. Not bad when you have the big guy footing the bill for the best burn treatment available anywhere is it?”
I nodded my head in agreement; it was all I could do. It’s good to know that I’m apparently on Cosmo’s team.
“We’ll talk some more when you are little more lucid my friend.”
And I passed out after a placid sigh.


*****


I remember little of the next two days and apparently I wasn’t a well behaved patient unless I was thoroughly sedated. I actually escaped from my fish tank or so they said. I hate hospitals and this one was extra weird because it appeared that I was its only patient. 
I asked Kingsley the next time he visited, “Am I at the Vancouver Island colony?” 
“No. You are at a secure field hospital about one hundred kilometers from the march.
“My goodness they have done a marvelous job restoring your skin,” added Kingsley who is also the only human face that I’ve seen since I arrived here.
“Can I touch it?”
“Sure. It’s as soft as a baby’s,” I teased.
The New Euron gently stroked the skin of my forearm and gave it a tiny pinch. 
“That’s amazing. You know that this isn’t quite real. In a small way you’ve become a little bit immortal, Curran.”
“Like as in immortal or as in hybrid?”
“What’s the difference?” he answered with a wry New Euron grin.
“When do I get to go home?”
“Tomorrow. Is that soon enough?”
“I got wells to drill.”
“Well they will be new ones Curran; the march has started moving again.”
“Thank heavens. What of the others who lost their tractors and wagons?”
“That’s a difficult situation that’s partly being addressed by the Golden Hearts and hopefully the remainder can be addressed by our marchers’ determination. The heater attack was not well thought out. The New Eurons have vowed to withdrawal from any further involvement in stopping the march unless their territory is specifically interfered with. The Republic is another matter; their governing bodies are just too decentralized.”
“Too many cooks in the kitchen?” I piped in.
“Too many kooks is more like it my friend.”
“I have one more piece of bad news to tell you of - because I know you are a sensitive man.”
“What?”
“One of your erectors has been presumed to be lost in the attack.”
“Who? Which one?”
“Lewis. And I have a confession Curran: it was I who sent them to get you out of harm’s way. I thought you were a dead man. That was my drone that followed you through the trenches and he too was lost.”
“Yours?” I asked.
“It was one of many but it was one that I had dispatched personally to record the attack. I just wanted you to know. When I can help; I will.
“I don’t quite understand why you didn’t run for safety like the others. One only had to get off of the heater’s grid to be safe. Why did you not run, to fight another day?”
“Kingsley. I can only remember thinking of Ivan. My job is his safety. I have to secure his future; I’m his guardian. In a few months I hope – it will almost be done.”
As odd as it may sound by the next morning I was feeling pretty comfortable in my new skin. It had a New Euron hue to it but not quite as dark as Kingsley’s. I was looking forward to seeing Ivan and Peg; I missed them both.
Before I was cleared to leave the hospital I was given a kit to wear if I suffered from any anxiety, depression or suicidal thoughts. That was rich there’s nothing wrong with me. 
But apparently, there was a lot wrong with me once I got back to the march - and it was my new skin colour. Don’t they know that the alternative was death? I didn’t get a colour chart to choose from; I got what was on hand you know. I’m grateful to be alive and my mortality, or how human I might be now compared to six days go is just foolishness, - but not to some.
In the media when Mah was asked how a fireworks missile could fell a military heater. He would only comment on the waterman named Curran who brought the heater down.
“How’s that hybrid skin working for you now Curran?” he hissed.
And he went after my mother: “Is it just me or has no one else found it amusing that both he and his mother have both been sucked up into machines. 
“The marchers would have been better off had she died before he was born,” he added.
“This waterman bullshit is just that, - bullshit.”
And so it went on and on. There was no way on earth that they were going to allow the marchers or anyone else in near space for that matter to rally around a hero. I was persona non grata. They knew who I was and they wanted me out of the picture.
When I was among friends; it was just teasing. When I was with Peg or Ivan; there was no problem. When I was among strangers; it was brutal. When I was alone; it was depressing, and yes the kit helped.
Trevor and Anthony were sympathetic, and they were far too pragmatic to listen to the media clatter or abandon someone who felled a giant heater single-handedly. They might not want to be seen with me in public at the moment but I was still a potentially very valuable tool in their tool chest. 
Peg could see the stress that I was having and wanted to move back in to my trailer. I liked her company but I didn’t want to come between her and her partner. Little Ivan however seemed to center me. He could distract me in seconds with one of his crazy observations. You know having a conversation with someone who is that young is like looking into a time-machine; you can literally see the future unfolding.
And Moose, he told me that he now has to watch out for me now since I don’t know when to fall back. I had to remind him that I didn’t see him in the trenches that day trying to change my mind.
“Moose was too busy,” he said.
“I was the last person out of that grid, Moose,” I boasted.
“Moose was second to last person out of grid,” he laughed.
Chakka and I became a team. Rodger would pick us up and deliver us to wherever we were needed but generally speaking I was restricted to travel only within the perimeters of the march or the camp. I wasn’t wanted at the information meetings and that suited me just fine. I still continued to get my own updates from others the day after however.
The consensus now was that Mah was organizing a militia of volunteers and hired mercenaries to break up our march. The Republic didn’t seem to care where the march stopped as long as it wasn’t on Vancouver Island. Apparently, they were not too enthused about having to deal with another chartered city state on Earth. They also went to great lengths to have a mayor of Vancouver Island to be elected who was sympathetic to their cause too and he appeared regularly in the media beseeching the marchers to go back home and to stay away from his city.
There was of course no old home to go back to. I think they expected us to set up shop and build colonies along this god forsaken highway somewhere. I didn’t give a shit anymore and neither did my partner Chakka.
It was sad sometimes to watch Chakka; it was like he sometimes expected Lewis’s hands to show up when he was performing a task that normally required two. He’d then pause for a moment and he’d find a way to complete the task on his own. I asked him once what happened to Lewis that day but he refused to elaborate.
“Lewis is just gone,” he said.


*****


The nature of the weather had been changing as of late; there were still dust devils and some awful winds at times but we were now seeing more overcast. It was not however the type that produced much precipitation but it was nonetheless quite different from plains experience back in Shelby. One day, a few weeks after the heater attacks Chakka and I were on a job about as close to the march’s perimeter as we were permitted. We had been busy attending to a reservoir that was meant to aid those marchers who were still coming from behind us and all morning the winds had been light and I looked up at the sky to the west of us and I saw something amazing that just gob smacked me.
It would appear and then disappear on the horizon as the dust settled and then blew up in the mid sky as I liked to call it. I’d seen pictures of mountains before but I had never seen such a vista as this. I was in awe and there were others about who became just as transfixed on this magnificent sight as I. Chakka had seen mountains before of course and he appeared unmoved but to someone who had been marching for months to finally see their goal being realized; it was a very moving sight to say the least.
“That’s a hell of a metaphor by god isn’t it? Just look at that.” said a slack jawed old fellow standing just a few meters from me.
“You got that right,” I replied, but I wondered just how does one get through them? 
They were still well off in the distance but to my novice eyes they appeared to be so tall and so insurmountable. There were roads and trails through them; I’d been assured that many times but I had my doubts now. Their appearance was brief that morning but I think that everyone who got a glimpse of them was left with a strong impression of sheer awe in their majestic beauty.
I bet Little Ivan asked me at least a dozen questions that I couldn’t answer about the mountains that evening; all I knew was they were called the ‘Rockies’. It really got him going in a positive way that I had not seen in him in months. I must admit I felt it, too. I can now understand why they tried to break up our march when they did a few weeks back because just the sight of these majestic monuments meant that we had made some real progress in our march to freedom.
On the freedom front things were happening fast. The new mayor of the Vancouver Island city state had been assassinated. There was an uprising shortly after his recent election and he and his cabinet had been taken to task by the growing populace of new comers. To say the least, the Republic was not amused and real fighting had broken out across the continent between rebel factions and the Republic’s military.
“It’ll be here at our fucking doorstep shortly,” declared Anthony, “and we better fucking prepare for it,” he added in a speech he gave at the last information meeting that was generously peppered with his usual expletives.
I personally had hoped that the authorities would have to now focus on this new uprising or headache so to speak and hopefully they’d leave us alone for a spell but Mah of course had other plans. The bolt-heads disappeared and some very frightening new mius showed up in their place. At first, it was just some good old fashion demonstrations of force and then predictably there were some scuffles and the new mius provided by Mah eventually proved themselves to be many more times proficient at killing than those old bolt-heads.
These were newly hired units and they could operate both independently or in small teams. They could walk upright, crawl on their bellies, or run like the wind and change their combat tactics whenever the need arose.   When they were confronted with just plain marchers they used mostly humane means of crowd control but if Lyle’s boys were called in things would quickly escalate to light arms fire, boltings and light heater strikes. In a real skirmish it could take the lives of three of Lyle’s marauders to defeat one of these new mius. In short order Anthony and Trevor were demanding more volunteers to take the Antzi and conscription was actually being considered.
Most of the youngest and strongest of the Nutters and been used up; there were just old men and young boys left in their ranks. Somehow, an entire generation of Nutters had been used up defending the march over the past several months. Some were dead, some were laid up from injury and the remainder suffered from Antzi psychosis. The treatment for the Antzi psychosis was more drugs and plenty of supervision. These men had their humanity taken from them; there was no hope for them – they became feral.
It was a sad day when a teary eyed Ivan came to see me on the job one day. He just wouldn’t let go of me when I gave him a reassuring hug.
“What’s wrong Ivan?” I asked as he appeared to be completely inconsolable.
“Moose has joined the Antzi team, he cried.
“He doesn’t want to see me anymore.”
“Well, our Moose can do that. We have to understand that he felt that he could be helpful that way, Ivan. You know how the Moose likes to help,” I answered.
“I can take care of myself. He doesn’t have to do this. He’s going to die. I know he is,” he wept.
I’m good at fixing things. In fact, I excel at it, but I can’t fix a broken heart. I spent the rest of the day with Ivan and I had to make a lot of promises that were going to be hard to keep if Mah keeps this pressure up.
If there is a patience dial somewhere inside these new miu units I swear it was set to zero. Over and over again, given almost any reason under the sun they would appear out of nowhere and demand to search you, your companions, your tractor and wagon and if anything was out of place or questionable – you were arrested. Once arrested you were often summarily executed for obstructing justice or resisting arrest and if they did take you away you were never seen or heard of again. The only thing that dissuaded these miu’s from searching and executing the marchers was the timely arrival of the Marauders because once they showed up – preservation of government equipment became the rule of the day because for certain they’d beat the crap out of at least one of these expensive man-machines when given the opportunity. 
Once one of these new miu’s was destroyed it was required that it be dismantled. Not because it was still a danger but because it’s recoverable parts were of great value to Lyle and I suppose also to whoever repairs them for Mah. There were more than a few skirmishes to exact munitions from fallen miu’s by both sides; there was a lot of energy stored in those things and Mah most certainly did not want us to have access to the recovered munitions of the fallen machines.


*****


Lately, they had been keeping me out of harm’s way by locating me for the most part in the center of the march by day and again in the center of the camp at night. To visit my old friend Moose for any amount of time would require a half hour walk there and back, but I finally got a chance one night.
It was one of those rare nights when everything was just right. The weather was cooperating. The heavens were cooperating. People were in good moods sort of. It had been near a year since I had seen any starlight; there seemed to be something in the way all the time as in: clouds, dust or some low orbiting real estate. But tonight we had it all: a million stars were out and even a half moon was out to help light up the sky. My Ella lived for nights like this; nothing else made her happier. 
Nights like this are treasures for the memory.
Chakka came along as he always did these days; it had been literally burned into his memory by a fallen immortal named Kingsley he’d say if you asked him. You could tell that this celestial ambience was having its effect upon the marchers; no one tonight seemed to care that he and I were out and about. Nearly every one of them that I passed on our walk kept an eye on the night sky above them. It was just such a rarity – a night like this.
“I’ve been to that one,” said Chakka as he pointed out not quite the brightest star in the sky.
“Most of the stars I’ve visited are not visible in this hemisphere tonight,” he added.
Sometimes I think Chakka likes to bull shit me. He was a lot older than I and given his occupation he would likely be better travelled than I am, that’s for sure - but stars? Stars are really far away.
Lyle happened to be present at the compound when we arrived and waved us in. The inmates were unusually quiet tonight. There were no howls or grunting going on as was usual around this time of the evening.
We asked to see Moose and we were told to have a seat for a few minutes while someone looked to see if that was even possible. A few minutes later it was Lyle himself who showed up.
“Curran it’s good to see you. You can see Moose for twenty minutes or so but if we need him we’ll have to patch him up for duty; he’s the lead man tonight.”
Lyle has been under a lot of pressure of late to refine the use of the Antzi. Losing a man to psychosis was considered a waste of resources now and plainly inhumane so these days Lyle had doses for big guys, medium guys and little guys. I think Moose was in his own extra large guy category.
“He’s been dosed down at the moment so if anything, I’d say he’s lucid but sullen at the moment,” said Lyle as he opened a very secure looking gate that led into the inner sanctum of the compound.
We walked by a number of open air cages, some were not occupied and some had a marauder or two in them. It appeared that some could share a space but of course in the case of Moose he was locked up alone in his own cage.
I heard his voice first. He was telling someone to shut the fuck up or he’d sew their mouth shut. Chakka followed behind me; muscular arms occasionally reached from between bars to grab him but Chakka remained unfazed.
“Admirers,” he said when I looked back at him after one such encounter.
“Curran!” shouted my old friend.
Moose if anything looked larger than the last time I had seen him; that’s probably the steroids he’d been getting lately I figured. He’d taken to wearing face paint these days. It was made from miu hydraulic fluid he told me.
“There’s no point in using red – that’s the colour of my blood!” he screamed in a media interview.
“Come. Come see Moose,” he called to me with his arms reaching out through his enclosure’s bars.
I went to him and we had a manly embrace, followed by some feinted punches and hair grabbing as best we could through the bars.
“That’s a handsome hybrid you have there, my friend. Are those titanium legs?”
“Why yes they are,” answered a flattered Chakka.
Erectors traditionally have enormous legs; a femur can be a meter long in some cases depending on the hybrids intended application.
“I want his legs,” grunted Moose.
“One leg will do,” he compromised when he saw a tiny bit of horror in my face.
“One of Lewis’s legs might still be kicking around. I’ll see what I can do,” offered Chakka.
“Titanium makes for a good club,” said Moose justifying his need for one of Chakka’s legs.
“How’s Ivan?” enquired Moose in barely a whisper of a voice.
“He’s good. He’s sad, too. I think he understands why you’re here.”
“I think of him all the time,” confessed the two point two meter tall giant.
“What made you volunteer? What keeps you going when you are out there smashing things to pieces Moose?”
Moose pointed to the sky. It was filled with star light at the moment; a wayward cloud had presently just moved out of our view.
“Curran. We live in a big machine. The whole universe is a big machine. And now, even people are becoming machines,” and he pointed to Chakka.
“Just like a machine: that star there,” and he pointed to one, “will be over there as the machine turns. At any time for eternity we’ll know exactly where that star will be. I’m a man imprisoned in a machine. I want my freedom!” he shouted.
“Moose is tired of living in a machine. Moose is tired of being a part of a machine. Moose is tired of working on top. Moose is tired of living - with machines,” said the giant.
“The march is almost over Moose. Maybe in two months we’ll be on Vancouver Island? We’ll be able to smell the sea. Imagine that,” I told him.
Moose sighed.
“You know there are real jobs there. I’ve heard they have old fashioned cemeteries there for rich people who want to be buried on Earth. There’s gravity spas and hot springs. In the spring, there’s still water that runs down from the mountains,” I said.
There seemed to be no way to get Moose out of his dark frame of mind. Then a sharp whistle cut through the night air that was blown through someone’s fingers.
“Saddle up time,” that same someone called out.
All along the aisle of cages we had walked by only a few minutes ago, well muscled arms were now extended out from their cages waiting to be patched.
“Curran,” whispered Moose.
“Yeah, Moose.” I replied softly.
“You watch out for my Ivan?”
“Always,” I replied and we left.
Do we really just live in a predictable mechanical world? It doesn’t seem so when something unpredictable happens. But just what is unpredictable? We like to think that matters of the heart are intuitive and special but I don’t see anything unpredictable about two men loving the same young boy for his youth and innocence alone. Loving and caring for someone is quite mechanical.


*****


There were some things that were bothering me of late. Firstly, my ears had begun ringing as in some kind of crazy tinnitus, but it wasn’t tinnitus because it would go away after about five minutes and it would happen regularly like clockwork at eight in the morning and four in the afternoon every day since I got back and rejoined the march with my new skin.
Secondly, and also since the heater attack I was seeing a lot more of Kingsley and it wasn’t like he was spending all his time with me. I sometimes saw him with the Golden Hearts which made sense, but often I’d see him with Lyle and more recently I was seeing him with Trevor. The guy was becoming a fixture around here. It’s not that I’m jealous; no I’m curious because I was on a job one day and I saw both Kingsley and Trevor off in the distance and away from prying ears and such but certainly not beyond earshot of a surveillance drone of which there were many. So they’re having a conversation you know; by mouth and ear but there was also a conversation of sorts going on between them that was done with gestures. Trevor is not a New Euron as far as I know; he’s a Republican colonist from near space – that’s what we were all told when Anthony introduced him one day months ago. It makes a guy wonder if you know what I mean.
So I cornered Kingsley later that day and I asked if I could speak with him privately and he didn’t raise an eyebrow he just asked when. 
“Well how about now?” I replied and I added some of my own gestures if you know what I mean.
“Come with me,” and I followed the New Euron well into the heart of the Golden Heart’s camp.
There we entered a tent that was full of supplies and not much else. He collected a white board and a pen from a desk and wrote: I’ll see you tonight at ten in your trailer. And then he erased the board.
I arranged for little Ivan to spend the night with Peg that night and I waited for Kingsley to arrive. The media was not too interesting at the moment so I bided my time with some housework inside the trailer. Kingsley was prompt and he arrived alone.
I handed him a pen and a white board and he smiled and said, “We won’t need it.”
I told him my two concerns.
“Curran you don’t have tinnitus. You are wired my friend. It would have happened when you were laid up in the dispensary. I have a gentleman coming in, in two days time. He’ll look after that for you. In the mean time you are a walking camera and microphone from eight in the morning till four in the afternoon. There are probably a hundred marchers out there just like you.  Whatever you see, they see. Whatever you hear or say, they can hear.”
“You could have told me. Can they read my thoughts?” I asked.
“No, they cannot read your thoughts, but while you are under their surveillance they can see and hear what you see and hear. And Curran, what I can say to you is determined by someone else. I’m just a soldier here; I do what I’m told. In the past, you’ve seen me come and go suddenly like I’m in a hurry to do someone else’s bidding and that’s because that is exactly what is happening - I follow orders.
“I’ll let you know when that technician arrives and then we’ll talk again. And Curran, despite what you hear out there – the marchers need you.”


*****


The next few days were rather interesting. I was part dreading this operation or procedure that was pending for me as soon as Kinsley’s ‘some guy’ shows up and I had become completely paranoid every time my ears started to ring. I’m sure Chakka could hear the ringing I was hearing because each and every time I heard the ringing he’d kind of look at me in a curious way; that guy is a hundred times more wired than I am, - at least I hope so.
A new anxiety had seeped its way into a large body of the marchers. Apparently, the sight of these mountains had got a lot of people thinking. I am sure at times through the months of marching that most of us had had our doubts about how successful the march might become but here we are approaching perhaps not the last leg of our journey but nonetheless the proverbial flicker of light could be seen at the end of a long dark tunnel and suddenly, - everyone needed to plan their next step.
It did surprise me though that most wanted nothing to do with settling on Vancouver Island; they all wanted a ticket to somewhere of their choice on that matter transporter. Well fat chance of that ever happening; that matter transporter was booked solid into the next year. Greedy pirates had bought up any and all of the space on that machine for the next year but for a price mind you, and for a very dear price one way tickets could be purchased to the Thirteenth colony, the dark side of the moon and for the few who might qualify: Nouveau Paris.
An unplanned JUNCKE drop-off occurred later in the week. I expected a few things that I had ordered a month ago would be included but that wasn’t the case, instead Chakka and I became moving men to collect crate loads of material for the Golden Hearts and Kingsley. It took a few hours even with the help of Rodger and the land otter to move the stuff to the Golden Heart’s camp; some of it looked more than vaguely familiar; it was high end boring equipment – stuff I heard of but was truly unfamiliar with.
“This stuff’s got your name written all over it, New Euron,” kidded Rodger who had now taken to calling me a New Euron these days.
Well my name was not written all over it; Kingsley’s was. And I had received a message to meet with him tonight at his trailer. My ears started to ring and I looked away from the crates because someone was watching.
I knocked at the door of Kingsley’s trailer. The door squeaked open and I entered Kingsley’s private world which I must say very much resembled a handyman’s brewery. There were five liter jugs everywhere in there; some empty and some filled with dark brown liquid. A grinning Kingsley asked me to have a seat and as he had previously mentioned a stranger was also present. 
His name was Marcus. He was New Euron and a sovereign as in a sovereign citizen. He had done things that he was not proud of for the New Euron state as a military tech man and following a moral epiphany as he called it he became a sovereign three years earlier.
“Is this the hybrid,” he asked Kingsley.
“No. This is Curran a vestigial colonist famous for bringing down a New Euron heater no less just a month ago. His injuries required the services of a local New Euron military hospital.”
“Oh this is indeed a pleasure. What an embarrassment that was to New Euro. I searched in vain for that media but it’s gone. You can find it – nowhere.
“That bug in your ear is going to be gone, too. In just a few minutes I might add. Which ear do you hear the ringing in Curran?”
“My right,” I answered with a nervous dry mouth.
“Well, that little bit of New Euron hardware is called an EBI; E for electronic, B for biologic and I for implant. It’s usually placed out of sight in one of your two auditory canals; just around the bend and it’s a tiny little thing. Firstly I’ll disable it and then I’ll erase its firmware. I can do all of that without an incision but it’s best to leave the little ‘bugger’ behind; pardon my pun,” he smiled.
“What powers it?” I asked.
“That beautiful new skin of yours: its photo voltaic. We’re talking a few milliamps here but that’s plenty to run a bit of electronics. That skin will serve you well in the future. Its resistant to flames, it’s impermeable to radiation, it can be an antenna in a pinch and it makes power. It’s some excellent New Euron technology.”
Kingsley was clearly intoxicated at the moment. His eyes were red and glistening and his grin had now reached Cheshire proportions.
Frankly, I was going to complain about this new skin of mine tonight. It creeps me out. I got up for a piss last night and I swear it was becoming transparent. I could see muscle and connective tissues as plain as day beneath it and it near scared the shit right out of me.
Marcus took a kit out of his bag that had both straps and screws attached to it. He said no incision I told myself as he arranged it on my head and began securing it rather firmly to my head. I’m sure Kingsley was seeing two of me now. If I flip out he’s not going to be of any help.
And then I heard some ringing in my right ear again.
“Is that it?”
I answered, “Yes.” to Marcus who was sticking his tongue out the corner of his mouth like a true tech man as he puzzled out just what he needed to do.
I myself clench my teeth when I’m rapt in a job.
“There we go my friend; it’s now disabled. No more ringing Hmm?”
“Yeah it’s gone alright,” I said.
“And there we go; it’s a tiny piece of useless New Euron shit now. Mission accomplished.”
“Do you want a drink,” offered Kingsley to Marcus who was apparently quite pleased with himself.
“Oh no; not for me sir. My body is a temple,” laughed Marcus.
“Are you okay Curran?” asked Kingsley.
“Yeah. I suppose I am,” I answered.
“I’ve got some homework for you,” and he showed me what he meant.
Those crates of new equipment were all meant for me. I was going to be become an expert in a new, cutting edge, fast boring technology – the very latest from Plazma.
“Curran the geography is changing. You and Lyle have proven to those who want to stop the march that we can fight back. Those mountains have a lot of hard rock in them. You’re not going to drill near as many wells in the near future but we still need a way to defend the march. And it’s my hope that you and Lyle are going to make that happen.”
“I’ll do my best,” I answered as I picked at my right ear.
“Good I’ve uploaded all the kit modules to your Plazma account. Take a couple of days and we’ll arrange for some trials on the next down day.”
“It’s been a pleasure Marcus,” I said getting up from my seat, “If I ever hear ringing in my ears again you know who I’ll be thinking about,” and I shook the man’s hand and headed for my trailer.
I spent a few hours that evening digesting the Plazma modules. This stuff was so new that it had never been used here on Earth before. I should be able to run a straight ten centimeter bore at one hundred kilometers per hour through granite with this new equipment. Its intended application was for running conduit and boring construction pilings on metallic asteroids.
The next day, Chakka’s eye’s rolled when I told him what he and I were going to be working with.
“I’m as excited as you are Curran; this is the kind of technology that one hears about but never gets to see, but if we are not drilling for water because soon there will be plenty, then just what have we become?”
What we have become is an integral part of the march’s defense system. These days we were more of an artillery crew than water tech men. Wherever the march went, Chakka and I installed a delivery system of interconnected conduits that could accurately deliver an explosive device to anywhere we’d been. Frankly, it is scary of what Lyle is capable of when given just a little bit of help from Kingsley. The fly boys I used that day with the heater were engineered by both Lyle and Kingsley. Rumour has it that they’ve been looking for fissionable material to make some primitive war heads with a much bigger punch. Maybe that rumour was made to be heard by the ears of our old friend: Mah.
I got some good news the other day: the marchers had found a new hero. His name was Jorge and he too was a waterman. I’ve never heard of the guy. Presently though, he’s some five hundred kilometers behind me in the march and he somehow managed to bore a line beneath a Republican camp that destroyed four armoured stingers where they were locked away in a protective compound. These stingers he took out had been menacing the marchers at one of the Republic’s pop-up checkpoints behind us for weeks now. So when the arbitrary arrests of the marchers reached into the hundreds, the declining morale of the marchers’ reached a breaking point and who could blame them - and Jorge to the rescue.
I can’t take any credit as to how he became skilled enough to secretly place an explosive charge beneath a Republican military encampment, but I would like to know how he did it. I thought a military camp’s perimeter would be impervious to such things but I’m sure I’ll find out how he did it in the next day or two.
It was however, music to my ears hearing “Jorge, Jorge, Jorge,” being chanted from all the non Republican media platforms. It’s uncomfortable being a hero and Jorge is going to find that out soon. Sometimes, I think they would have been happier if I had just died once I brought that heater down. Dead heroes can be made into useful mythical giants; live ones are just a pain in the ass.
My new position came with a security detail. I also couldn’t talk to anyone about the new technology that I was playing with; absolutely no one was to know what I was doing. 
There were six in my security detail and they were headed up by a fierce young lady named Ruby. Some people called her the ‘bobcat’ because of her unusual appearance and her exceptionally nasty demeanor when confronted with: ‘Shit to clean up’ as she famously liked to put it.
“Not a word Honey,” she’d say to me at the end of a day and she’d run a finger across her thick lips like it was a tent zipper.
Peg and little Ivan were personally vetted and brought up to ‘spec’ by her and besides Lyle, Anthony, Trevor and Kingsley of course that was all that was left of my world. Rodger was gone and Chakka was being barely tolerated.
 “Why not go shout it off a fucking mountain if you’re going to keep that pile of shit in your company,” she told me.


*****


I have noticed something that maybe I’ve been missing over the past several months. When shit happens, Kingsley shows up. When things are quiet, Kingsley is absent. I know he is sometimes needed elsewhere and until recently I was just another waterman but I feel sometimes like an actor in a role that someone else is writing for me. I suppose I have some sovereign input into what’s happening but there is this outside interference that follows my actions. It’s not something that I would normally tolerate but this whole march thing has evolved into a real game of survival.
Consider this: you would think that someone might have told me that a week ago that Fern and his crew were attacked and killed. It was apparently a very much targeted attack; an assassination essentially. If it were not for Chakka I wouldn’t know of this today. But what has transpired since then? Well, now I have all this new state of the art equipment and a security detail. 
“There’s a reason for everything,” that’s what Taffy used to say. 
And I have to agree; absolutely nothing appears to be coincidental these days.


*****


My security detail was never far away and at times it felt more than a little claustrophobic. I’m just a guy, but I need some privacy too – you know a few minutes here and there through the day to attend to my needs. So I’m just about to finish a hot shower like I often do at the end of a long day when someone comes beating my trailer of the day’s door down.
It was Malcolm. I like the guy. He takes his security job seriously but he can get excited pretty easily.
“Curran they need you down at the Marauder’s compound right now.”
“Is there a reason Malcolm? I was just trying to finish something really important. You know? I am a waterman; I like to bathe,” I said to Malcolm who was staring at me with a real urgency as I stood in a puddle that was forming at the door.
“It’s Moose. They want to euthanize him. He’s in a bad way.”
I asked for a minute and got dressed and I followed Malcolm through a circuitous path to the Marauders’ compound all the while his dog was bearing its teeth at me and snapping at me as we progressed and paused a few times for Malcolm to reign in his dog. Since my new skin some dogs really don’t like me and this one whose purpose was to help with my security wanted me dead.
Lyle was unavailable at the compound and the handler in charge at the time wanted Moose to be put down; apparently Moose had killed two of his own. I could hear him. He was cussing and calling for his keepers to open his lock up. As I came into his view he was beating the bars of his cage with a genuine titanium erector’s leg.
“Let Moose out,” he shouted as he repeatedly beat the bars that appeared to be bending from the force of his blows and the strength of the titanium.
“Curran,” his voice dropped to an affectionate tone.
“What have they done to you?” he asked as he only now just noticed my New Euron skin.
The giant squinted and stared at my new appearance.
“They’ve made you and I monsters for their pleasure.”
“We’re heroes not monsters!” he raised his voice.
“He’s obviously delusional,” whispered the keeper. 
“I have to do something,” he added.
I hushed the keeper and asked him to leave me alone with Moose.
I clenched hands with my giant friend just as we used to months ago but this time his hands are damp with blood and there are bars between us.
“Help me my friend. Please Curran I can’t go on any longer. Get me some rope. Or – ten patches that should do, and I’ll blow up this miserable heart of mine,” pleaded Moose.
“The marcher’s need you Moose,” I said.
“This isn’t our march anymore,” said Moose with crazed eyes.
“You’re not a monster. You are a soldier. I’m a soldier. We are being used, but we signed up for this, Moose.  You and I - we agreed to it. We want to help make the world the better a place,” I said.
Moose smiled. It was a gentle kind smile. Not one that I’d seen Moose make in a long time.
“You have a good heart Curran. I’ll continue. I’ll behave. Moose will try. But on one condition my friend.”
“And what’s that Moose?”
“That you promise me, - to never put Antzi in your veins.”
“I will, - and you promise me to never wear New Euron skin.”
“Ah hah, hah, - hah!” bellowed the giant: Moose.
Malcolm walked me back to my trailer. It was a different trailer every night and my gear and the rest of my possessions were spread out all over the place. Things could be worse I suppose: I could be dead like poor Fern. And Fern; he never hurt anyone. As soon as his hobby became weaponized; he was out of there. If I hadn’t brought down that heater he might still be alive.
It was reasonably clear tonight but I couldn’t quite make out the mountains ahead of us. Lots of stars; the moon was out of the picture; probably too much low orbit space junk in the way. I liked this air however; it was nice and humid and when it wasn’t too dusty you could take-in a deep draft of it just like I was doing, when trailers suddenly began blowing up just ahead of us.
Malcolm shoved me head first into the ground and took a defensive position with his rifle raised and his viewfinder on. He started a one sided radio conversation with Ruby almost immediately.
“We got to get moving Curran. The Marauders are on their way. Under that trailer buddy,” - and he pointed to one just to the left of us.
We ran for the trailer and I could hear the whirl of speeding drones whipping through the air.
I could hear shouting and some rifle fire and quite a bit of smoke started blowing through the night air. Malcolm took his helmet off and pushed it onto my head.
“They’re looking for us,” he whispered.
I could hear Moose and his crew coming. He liked to scream when he was charging.
If you could get a drone’s attention long enough to have it to scan you or shoot in your direction a one or two second opportunity would become available to shoot it out of the sky as it hovered for an accurate shot and that’s exactly what they did – three times.
Ruby and three more of her security team showed up and I was hustled off to another part of the camp.
“Whoo- hoo - what a night! You did good Malcolm. Our client is still in one piece. You all right Curran?” pealed Ruby.
“Yeah,” I was too winded from running to say much more.
“You didn’t want to spend the night in that shitty trailer - did you? It’s blown to shit now anyways. You get to spend the night with me now,” and she winked demurely – well sort of.
I did spend the night in Ruby’s trailer which she also shared with a one-eyed cat named Oscar. But Ruby, - Ruby had to spend the night with Trevor and Anthony and I also heard Kingsley too was present for the rather lengthy meeting that follows a serious security breach of the camp’s perimeters.
It kind of smelled like women’s feet in there or maybe it was Oscar that I was smelling. Better than my feet I suppose. I got very little sleep in the time I spent in there and since I was unsupervised I spent some time ogling her gear. She had helmets with and without kits. She had knives and lances. There were handcuffs and chains even, but I found myself more intrigued with her rifles and side arms. It was like living in an armoury in there.
The light rifle that Malcolm had with him tonight was good stuff. It had a meter long barrel, a twenty shot rotary magazine and an intelligent viewfinder – the kind that pretty much finds the target for you and calculates how many charges to fire. The sling on it was very cool, too. I experimented with it and of course without arming it. Recoilless, light as a feather, night vision; it had it all. I was used to handling farm equipment pretty much; something made for shooting rats and other vermin. You could take a joint out of a miu with one of these – like a knee or an elbow; once one of them lost the use of a limb they became twice as easy to kill.
When Ruby eventually showed up she looked rather tired and I offered to leave and let her rest but she declined my offer; she had someone coming in another hour to watch over me for the day shift and she would rest then she said. I also asked her if I could carry a sidearm or something seeing how I had become ‘target de jour’ for Mah’s bad actors.
“No. I can’t do that but I’ll give you training to defend yourself should your detail become incapacitated.”
“You will?”
“Absa – fucking – lutely. We’ll train you up on a light rifle, communications and what you should know in the event you lose your detail. They are not going to capture you Curran. Your head on a plate will get someone a medal. They want you dead.”
“Hey. Why didn’t you get your cat a false eye?” I asked to change the subject.
“I did. He picked it out with a claw. He’s a tough little prick, - aren’t you?” she said petting Oscar along his arching back.
“Hey. We got an hour to kill how about we fuck?”
“Have I been propositioned?” I asked and I think I was smiling uncomfortably.
Ruby winked and nodded her head toward her bunk.
“I like young bucks.”
The idea as foreign as it might be to a young buck like me of losing my virginity to someone known as a bobcat was a real erection killer and so, to throw a pail of water on this frisky kitty I explained that I was romantically involved with someone else.
“So what. She’s not here is she? If she finds out, I’m sure she’ll get over it.”
Oh thank God - there was a knock at her door because underneath this new skin of mine I was in a full fucking panic mode inside.
On her way to the door she whispered to me under her breath with a coy grin,”I’d fuck you silly in a heartbeat Curran.”
It was one of Anthony’s aides at the door and God bless him because Ruby was needed somewhere else.
“Duty calls. We can play later,” she said and she collected her gear and left.
Holy shit I thought, that was more frightening than last night.


*****


Beth was my sentry later that morning and she liked to refer to herself as just that and I was her prisoner. She had a hackle of a laugh. 
“You know Curran – the bobcat has got the hots for you,” was one of the first things she had to say to me and of course that was followed by her hackle of a laugh.
“Do I feel sorry for you? She used to have a New Euron lover back in her day. I heard she wore him out. You know what they say about New Eurons?”
“I only know one: Kingsley,” I said.
“And does he have sex on his mind all the time? They all do,” she hackled.
“So Curran, - today is your first day of basic training. There will be no drilling today,” and she hackled some more. 
“Whoever you might have as your sentry this week is going to spend an hour or two a day to train you on how to defend yourself and what to do when there is a personal attack on you – because it’s going to happen again. We got spies. Once you got them it’s hard to get rid of them. Last night leaves no doubts about that. Those drones were planted – literally, like beneath the ground maybe a few days ago on speculation that we might set up camp on top of them or nearby. If one of them or a man-machine gets your sentry, you need to know what to do.”
I found out that morning that I excelled at the light rifle. It was right down my alley; I am a tech man after all. I was a bit awkward with the more personal stuff like chokeholds and punches but I’d get better at it once I get the fight in me I was assured.
“And just when do I get the fight in me?” I asked.
“That happens when someone other than your trainer tries to kill you,” I was told.
It wasn’t talked about in the media much but Mah was going to pay a price if we made it to one of the two land bridges that connected Vancouver Island to the continent. There were ads placed throughout near space looking for volunteers like para-militaries who wanted the challenge of suppressing our march. Fat chance of that ever happening at this stage; they’d have to wipe us out and that’s what people like Cosmo worried about.
I had my last visit with little Ivan for a while; it just wasn’t safe enough anymore. If something happened to him as a result of me I think I’d lose my mind. I offered to defer my guardianship solely to Peg but he wouldn’t have it.
“You’re my Papa like in the olden days,” he said to me.
I wish that these were like the olden days. I bet things were so much easier then. These days they like to say it takes an entire colony to raise a child. If I had to care for every child in a colony like I was their Papa I’d be a basket case of worry.
I took him for a hike of sorts with my security detail in tow of course, - there were four of us in all and we all tried to find some crickets or some kind of animal life for little Ivan on that last visit. Malcolm insisted that we’d see some in just another one hundred kilometers and offered to have some sent down to us and we could hide some under some rocks for little Ivan to discover. My Ivan – he’s too smart for that, he’d figure it out.
Always be honest to the ones you love I was taught and at the end of that last visit I explained the realities of my mission to him. I hugged him and I told him how much I loved him, and to always listen to Peg. And, - he took it just like a little man, my Ivan, on that last day; I got to spend some time with him.


*****


Foreboding, - that’s how we all felt. The skies out here in the middle of these mountains were thick and dark, and foreboding all the time - dark and grey during the day, inky black at night. I got to feel some real west coast rain upon my face. It didn’t last that long but it tasted sweet. When we cleared the last of the mountains about twenty percent of the marchers turned south, and the rest of us turned north. There was a lot of handshaking and well wishing as one march branched into two marches and both into the same uncertainty. Mah won’t leave us alone. His daily tirades in the media condemned all of us to a certain death unless we changed course and headed for some small plots of land unfit for even a cemetery so some people said.
I’ve drilled hundreds of kilometers of lateral lines for weeks now, - and with the new equipment it was easy. Lyle had a delivery system that was now fool proof for whatever ordinance we wanted to deliver through these lines and if a line or two collapsed; we could fix it remotely in an hour or two. They must know what we are up to? Perhaps that’s why they’ve not made a concerted effort in stopping us lately? It’s nice to think that the deterrent that I was providing was helping to keep the peace, but I didn’t believe it much, - hence the foreboding.
I know why Kingsley drinks so much. I see way too much of him these days and after plenty of thought and observation I’ve come to this simple conclusion: he suffers from depression. If he didn’t drink, he’d be hauled off to some New Euron clinic for an overhaul. If he was in good spirits then he was under the influence and if he was suffering then he was not imbibing enough of his precious fermented drink. Today, he wrapped up the ‘state of affairs’ with this gem: “Curran. They’ll do everything wrong in the future; just like they did in the past.”
I know it’s true but can’t we paint that picture a little brighter?
To this independent observer it appears that Kingsley is stuck in an infinite loop of depression caused by drinking, and drinking caused by depression. There was no talking to him about it; he’d just down play it. He was the classic fallen immortal: he’d made a serious error somewhere in his past and for that he was to live a life of drunken redemption.


*****


The land bridge is just a few weeks away or the land bridge is just a couple of months away, either way it’s getting closer. It all depends on a man named Mah. The harassment though somewhat abated hasn’t quite let up; we still lose a few men per night keeping Mah’s para-militaries at bay. Kingsley hopes for a big show down before we reach the island because if it doesn’t happen then he doesn’t want to contemplate what might happen thereafter.
Lately, the new mayor of the Vancouver Island city state has been conciliatory and helpful – a brand new community is being planned for us. The tip of our march should start arriving as soon as a few days from now but the complete march could take up to eight weeks to run from tip to tail.
I frequently find myself dreaming about seeing little Ivan and Peg again. I don’t have any of the big schemes up in my head that others seem to have. I’m sure that most of us having come from ambitious backgrounds will employ all our entrepreneurial skills to becoming good productive citizens of the new city state of Vancouver Island. I myself hope that they need a lot of watermen.
I talked to both Malcolm and Beth about Kingsley’s drinking and my thoughts that it was connected to acute undiagnosed depression. Malcolm laughed along with my stories most of the time as he did with this one but Beth was much more forthcoming. Beth said that she had heard that Kingsley suffers from what they call ‘Life After Death Disorder’ which is common among some New Euron immortals.
 Apparently, some up and coming New Eurons can’t remain dead once they’ve become deceased. Once the New Euron elites decide that you are irreplaceable they try very hard to keep you that way by constantly recuperating their fallen favorites. Beth didn’t exactly know what Kingsley’s personal story was but she had heard that it was the reason for Kingsley’s attachment to fermentation.
“There’s something screwy with every one of them,” she said.
It made me think of a screwy agri-worker we had back in Shelby years ago. A little before my time but who I’ve been told had turned real bitter after pretty much dying in an accident, but only to be rehabilitated by an ambitious medical tech. Why wouldn’t someone be happy about such a thing? You get to live? Nonetheless, because of this new insight I renewed my tolerance for my sometimes drunken keeper when he appeared to be a bit wobbly. 
One night I had to bunk in his trailer filled with drums and jugs of fermenting yeast and such and I had to ask him, “Kingsley do you suffer from Life After Death Disorder?”
“Where did that come from?” he asked with a puzzled look.
“Well, I’ve been wondering.”
“So you’ve been asking about, have you?”
“It’s not like I’m judging; I’m just trying to understand you better,” I offered.
“You’ve been wondering why this New Euron is such a tankard?”
“Well, yes I have, as a matter of fact.”
“You’d be wise to stick with your drilling tech man.”
There was a sudden deafening silence between us and a tension in the room that I’d not felt before after that statement and I judiciously decided to leave the drunken New Euron to himself and I retired to my cot.
The following morning when I awoke Kingsley was nowhere to be seen; he was suppose to be my sentry but after I had eaten I found the missing New Euron resting with one eye ajar outside of the trailer.
“Good morning Curran,” he said.
I nodded.
“It is true, - what you asked about last evening. There is no cure if you are New Euron.”
“How many times?” I asked.
“Twice.”
“I’m sorry about that. How much do you remember?”
“I remember whatever I want. I’m New Euron in case you forgot. Maybe I should take up a different drink,” he responded with a weak smile?
“Do you worry that it may happen again?”
“These days more than you can imagine.
“It surprises me Curran seeing how you have had a small taste of it, too. People don’t treat you the same as they once did. They think that you’ve gotten away with what should have been a certain fate. I’ve heard you complain about it. I think it’s affected just about every relationship of yours except for the young Ivan? Why sir, are you so much more resilient?”
“I don’t know. Maybe its Ivan?” I suggested in jest. 
“I’ve thought about it quite a bit. I think its part your rural attitude and part your genuine naiveté to more worldly things. You are an odd one. You are a virgin are you not Curran?”
I nodded but personally I felt no shame.
“You faced one of the largest and most deadly machines without any hesitation – and you were victorious. If I were in your place, I’d of fucked up somewhere and there would be nothing left of me for all of the king’s men to put back together again.
“I keep thinking of your mother; they say one can inherit behavior. Is it heroism or just foolishness?”
“Its pragmatism,” I answered in an effort to cut short his rant.
“A pragmatist does not run head on into a certain death,” replied the New Euron raising his voice.
“I was the only one who was in a position to stop it; that’s a fact. There was no one else. I don’t have a Midas touch or a horseshoe up my ass. I followed my training. I walked the walk. And, - I have the rest of my life to fuck someone,” I added angrily.
More silence.
“Are we too much alike?” asked the New Euron.
“No. We just need a break from each other or a reset or something,” I answered.
“Is that what the pragmatist thinks?”
“No. This pragmatist thinks we need to work together more now than ever,” I said.
“Well said waterman. You and I have been asked to go to the head of the march – trouble his brewing I hear.”


*****


Trouble was brewing: an entire crew of Marauders were wiped out in minutes just yesterday at the head of the march. Anthony and Trevor wasted no time in shipping Kingsley, myself and all of our gear to the front so to speak.
And of course, the source of the trouble up front was the same new mius that we have been seeing here of late. However, these guys came with an additional wrinkle that no one had seen or heard of before.  It was a new form of distributed command that virtually everyone found to be completely unnerving and they appeared to be just what Lyle had been fretting about for some weeks now. These new units operated in teams of six or so and each individual team was led by a ‘crab-shell commander’ that would perch itself on top of any one of the miu’s shoulders it supervised and command the others as a group. 
The real unnerving aspect however, concerned the technology used in these crab-shell commanders: they have what appears to be a single human eye set front and center in each unit to see with. This sort of loathsome and abominable technology strikes immediate fear into most people because no one wants to be cannibalized after a battle and have their eyes repurposed to be put into a machine. It’s the absolute worst thing imaginable having one’s eyes enslaved by your enemy.
Kingsley had never heard of quite such a thing and Cosmo pointed to interference from some deep space interests as the only possible source of such an inhumane use of bio technology. There were several watermen up front but none of them had my gear. Up until last night they’d been able to defend their perimeter with underground charges but the march had come to an abrupt stop again because of this new terror.
The leader of a reconnaissance team that had been assisting the northward march was to meet with Kingsley and I as soon as it was humanly possible. His name was General Thompson and apparently he was someone Kingsley was already familiar with from another conflict somewhere in near space that I’d never heard of. He and his own team of unique mius had been preparing the march’s advance for a few weeks now but this new enemy is using matter transports to evade detection. Only someone such as Mah would have the authority to permit this.
A very, overloaded land otter delivered Kingsley and I to the tip of the march. I crammed as much gear as I could on that otter because I had a feeling that I’d being needing it in a hurry once we arrived. Two watermen met us on our arrival and helped us with our gear; one was named Mitch and the other was Silvio.
“What do you guys do back there - drill holes to China? I’ve never seen so much gear,” complained Silvio after mopping sweat from his forehead with his sleeve.
“What is this stuff?”
“It’s new,” I answered. “Be careful of that,” I added as Mitch dropped a tote marked fragile down hard on the black rock that seemed to be everywhere around here.
“How long have you guys been marching?” I asked trying to be friendly.
“We don’t march. We’re trekkers. We find the way. The marchers follow,” answered Silvio matter of factly.
“Well I used to find water; now I blow things up. That’s why I’m here,” I replied as I redoubled my effort to get my gear off the land otter in one piece.
“Curran, don’t waste your time with people who have attitudes. It’s fruitless; those types usually have an agenda of laziness and lack of responsibility,” said Kingsley as we followed behind the two to see my first ever, real general.
“Its bloody dirty pool I tell you. This Mah is a dodgy bastard in my estimation,” were the first words I heard from General Thompson’s mouth.
He was a slight figure when he was not in his machine which I can only describe as a walking armoury. He never raised his voice in anger – only in jest and he never used the kind of vulgar foul language that most of us would think of as pretty common. He was a gentleman warrior and he had a long remarkable reputation of overcoming great odds in combat.
“I’ve heard good things about you young man. You took down a big bloody Republican heater with a proverbial sling shot. You were the talk around inner space for days. I still break out in a smile when I think about it.
“I told Cosmo: - I need a big bloody stick. And he sent me just what I asked for - Killer Curran.”
It was difficult not to get caught up in his enthusiasm. He really liked to lay it on thick.
Over some food in a mobile mess hall General Thompson described the terror that had taken hold of the trekkers in recent days.
There had been two attacks; both in broad daylight when people are packed and trying to march. The first attack was directed on the Marauders alone. All five of them and their handler were gone in a few minutes; their bodies mutilated with bolt-holes just to instill some real terror which appeared to be their primary intention as far as General Thompson saw it.
The second attack followed again in the middle of the next day; the Marauders and five volunteers again were all dispatched within minutes with as much blood and fanfare that a bunch of murdering machines could muster. 
“No one wants to advance now. People are terrified. There are some here – who are slapping Antzi patches on to their arms just to help them deal with the anxiety.
“These crab-shell miu’s are the most deadly mechanical infantry I’ve seen and as far as I can tell they have yet to use their main weapon – a light heat ray. Most of our casualties have resulted from hydraulic bolt attacks on those guarding the camp’s perimeter and the remaining casualties were a result of accompanying drone strikes that targeted our food and fuel supply wagons.
“As far as I can ascertain they have no terrestrial base here; they are delivered and collected by a matter transporter for each attack. Only someone such as Mah has the resources and the political might to arrange such a thing. If we can only locate this matter transporter they’re using, we could try and capture it or destroy it and if that’s not possible - we can at least thoroughly embarrass the man for breaking his own rules. I can tell you these matter transports are worth more than a pretty penny in the marketplace. These men we are dealing with are not just mercenaries – they‘re businessmen too. They fight for money – and money does a lot of the talking when one is losing his shirt.
“So gentlemen, when you are dealing with such shit, you bring a big stick to the match and mine but second only to killer Curran here, was delivered just this morning and is being assembled as I speak. I have but only one; he’s a miu chain gun. Erect he stands five meters tall and when on all fours he’s two meters high. He’s a big bloody killing machine. A fifty millimetre chain gun is mounted on his left front limb which he can fire without reloading for ten full minutes.
“I’ve noticed that there is no media here. Is that normal?” I asked 
“Oh you won’t see those fair weather birds around when things are happening. The only true friends of the march are the Golden Hearts. They make the best damn coffee but not a drop of drink,” and he winked at Kingsley.


*****


Malcolm showed up on the next land otter; he was to watch me like a hawk until Ruby and the rest of my security detail arrived.
“Oh and she sent this for you Curran,” and Malcolm blew me a kiss.
I’d rather they had sent up my erector.
 I didn’t like the way Silvio and Mitch had set up the camp’s defences. I liked a layout to accommodate as many scenarios as possible, and to be fair maybe I just can’t see their strategies the way they can. Without much time to waste I drilled out a ‘happy ending’ as Fern liked to call it. The rock here was granite and the lines took a while to get in but in the end I was going to feel a whole lot better because nothing gets through a well orchestrated happy ending.
I hung out in Silvio’s and Mitch’s bunker. Malcolm spent much of his time within earshot outside. Kingsley I suspect was thirsty and out looking for a drink. The talk inside the bunker was dark; these guys have a sickness. It’s like a different march up here. There are no children to speak of and everyone is in a hurry or on edge. If you see a smile; it’s cynical. If you hear a laugh; it’s never good natured.
I don’t know if its bravado or what but Silvio and Mitch like to talk shit about just about everything.
“What’s with your New Euron friend? Where’s his grenade?”
“I’ve never seen him wear one.” I answered.
“Is he on the patch?”
“No I don’t think so.”
“You?”
“No.”
“You know, if you get caught in a fucking hole with one of those fucking things. You grab a patch. You rip one off a dead guy’s arm if you have to. You patch up right away or you won’t have a chance in hell of coming out of that hole alive,” said Silvio.
“It’s one thing to be picking them off through a viewfinder, but it’s a whole different ball game once one of them bounces into your bunker,” added Mitch.
“Has this happened?” I asked.
“No. Not here but it happened a few days ago in the Marauder’s compound,” answered Silvio.
“Ripped them to shit. Ripped them apart alive,” added Mitch.
“I’ve got security,” I said.
They started laughing.
Kingsley showed up.
“Prepare for the worst,” he said as he entered the bunker and there for the first time there was a grenade dangling from his neck. The first time I’d ever seen one and it was quite tiny I thought.
“The general is chasing ten down right now at about ten kilometers north of here.
“Are we ready?”
No, I’m not, I wanted to say. Silvio and Mitch took flank positions and I took the center. The object was to get the enemy into kill zones where I could pick them off. They weren’t in the view finder yet but I could hear General Thompson complaining about how slow his chain gun was or how fast the mius’ were.
“Gentlemen, they’re on all fours and doing about a hundred ‘k’ per hour. I’ll do what I can to direct them to you but they are clearly not interested in dealing with me,” said the general who apparently was now chasing them to their target.
“Where’s the nearest ordinance?” asked Kingsley.
“A couple of ‘k’ out,” answered Silvio - his voice in a silly rubato.
Kingsley didn’t look pleased; he was doing the math in his head like I was.
The camp’s alarm started. More men with light rifles arrived. I started thinking that perhaps the chain gun should have been placed here instead of ten kilometers away but that’s wasted hindsight.
Finally, they appeared in my viewfinder and they were moving fast and in a calculated long line charge straight at us.
“Bring’em to me, Silvio. Don’t let them go west.”
I could smell the most god awful sweat stench wafting through the bunker but that’s what happens when people think they are about to die.
I was going to have just seconds to deal with these things. Silvio and Mitch started spending their charges in quick succession.
I got one. I got two, three and then a fourth and then I set off the ‘happy ending’ which was three sequential rings of charges within a hundred meters of here.
I turned about. A huge cloud of dust was coming our way. I flashed two up-raised fingers, and shouted to the others, “Two are here! I think two got through!”
I clearly wasn’t very happy with myself.
Malcolm had his rifle perched just above my shoulder in one direction and his mate had his rifle pointing in the other. There was a short moment of silence - and then there was a lot of rifle fire. I was pushed down and pressed hard against a wall. My face was aching from the impact. One of the attacking miu’s was in the bunker and there was a lot of screaming going on.
And then there was silence again. When I got up Kingsley had a boot on top of a crab-shell. Its legs were helplessly squiggling as it was lying upon its back. I couldn’t quite make out its eye; there were too many other lights and noises being emitted from it at the time and - Silvio was dead; he’d taken a bolt through his back.
General Thompson arrived.
His first words were, “I think that’s it for them today.”
He looked about the bunker, and took his kit off out of respect for the fallen Silvio.
“That was ten commandos; ten of their best. We won’t hear from them for at least another twenty-four hours. The last two attacks they left when they got good and bored after running out of ammunition. Today, they got their comeuppance. They got their butts kicked.”
He then looked at me, “I guess they know who’s here. They charged straight for you.”
I nodded.
“How old are you?” he asked.
I told him.
“What month were you born?”
I told him.
“And what day?”
I told him.
“Well, - sixteen years ago on November sixteenth, you jumped off the deck of a stinger, and when you hit the ground young man, - you were running, - good job!” and then he left.
The general was correct about the crab-shell mius being commandos because as it turned out each one of them was independently commanded by its own crab-shell commander. Kingsley had a team collect up as much of the remains of the fallen mius as possible and once collected, there were ten commanders; one for each miu. The live one disappeared somewhere in a hurry – likely to be examined by some experts I think. The remains of the others once Kingsley had carefully inspected them were put on display for the trekkers to view in hopes it would alleviate some of their worries.
I spent some time that evening talking with Peg and Ivan. It was hard; I’d much rather be with them than deal with the ghostly apparitions they call holograms these days. I told them that things were great up here and that the march should soon be moving again. Peg looked confused and after I’d spoken to them she sent me some recent media from Mah.
He was sneering and grinning, and plainly behaving poorly for the media and he sang this little ditty for my sake believe it or not:
“Waterman, waterman
Everywhere I look, and see
I see another waterman
But not a blessed drop
To drink from any of them.
Your time is coming, - Curran,” he hissed.


*****


Two members of the trekker’s council came to visit Kingsley and I; they weren’t the business types that I was used to seeing such as Trevor and Anthony, these guys had a much rougher look to them. They wore black and grey fatigues and they like most everyone else around here wore unkempt beards.  And when one of these guys took your hand in a handshake, your hand would be aching for hours afterwards - and you were left with a firm impression that you had just met someone of some real substance.
After introducing themselves as Jonas and Andre, they thanked Kingsley and I for defending their camp and then they told us that they were going to start the march back up immediately.
“You don’t give an inch to this man. If I can move this march another kilometer ahead I’m going to do it,” said Jonas. “You can’t make progress if you’re constantly wringing your hands with worry that Mah’s going to kill some of us. If that was the case we’d still be back on the plains.”
“I bet we can get five to ten ‘K’ in by nightfall,” said Andre.
Before the two left to start up the march back up they made arrangements for Kingsley and I to be suited up like the rest of them in their grey and black fatigues.
“You guys stick out like a sore thumb in those follower clothes,” said Jonas.
“Ruby has arrived,” said Kingsley and we left Jonas and Andre and headed over to the pile of crab-shell miu wrecks that were out on display.
Ruby got there before us and was already decked out in black and grey fatigues and she was poking about through the miu wrecks that had been collected. She seemed particularly interested in their armour and more so than their armaments. 
“If I was going to fight up close and personal with one of these sons of bitches I’d like a nice long powered pike. What do you think of that Kingsley?”
Kingsley raised an eyebrow in doubt.
I could see her logic. If these things were more inclined to put a bolt through you rather than spend some real energy via their heat ray then it might be a good idea to put some real distance between them and you when they are attacking.
“They are awfully agile. You’d need to be a gymnast to out maneuver one,” said Kingsley.
“No problem, I was top in my class on the pommel horse and rings,” answered a grinning Ruby. 
“Well, I must admit, by the looks of their relatively light armour that they were designed for speed; to take the flag if you know what I mean. But, I think if you can get a powered pike under that armour at any of these transitions or joints,” and she pointed out the weak spots she had in mind, “you can short the shit out of them I bet.”
Kingsley crossed his arms and said nothing.
“I’m going to order some up; they’re as cheap as chips these days,” said Ruby.
“That’s a nice necklace sweetheart. I like a real New Euron,” said Ruby with a telltale sparkle in her eye.”
Oh thank God in heaven, I said to myself after hearing Ruby flirt with Kingsley. This is going to be entertaining I thought, but the New Euron didn’t take the bait.
The march advanced another five kilometers in what remained of the day. Chakka arrived just in time to help me and Mitch set up the next defensive line on the march’s forward perimeter. It was good to see Chakka again; he makes my day so much easier. I asked him about Moose and he said he was still the leading his own crew of Marauders and still swinging Lewis’s titanium femur around.
“How’s that new skin of yours?” he asked.
He was being cheeky because he knew I was still sensitive about it.
I winked back and told him, “It’s still growing on me.”
Which got him to laugh and I added,” You know what I like best about it?”
“What?” asked Chakka.
“I don’t have to shave anymore.”
Which was true; New Euron’s have very little body hair. It’s said that they only have the hair that they are born with and they weren’t kidding. Since I got my new skin I’ve been able to maintain some wispy eyebrows and eyelashes but nothing else - not even a nostril hair to speak of.
All they talk about here is making good time, or losing precious time, or taking a setback. The land bridge is suppose to be a month away if we make good time, but they almost always are recalculating the land bridge’s arrival because no one knows quite what is down the road or around the next corner. I like the sounds of a month if we make good time but most of the real trekkers up here don’t talk in terms of time, they talk about kilometers. Some kilometers are made fast and some are made very slowly.
Through all the trouble we’ve had up here in the last few days you’d think a media drone would show up and ask something about these new crab-shell commanded mius, but not a one. Someone a few days behind us asked a media drone about the crab-shells and their apparent use of a live human eye and the media drone’s answer was to talk about the weather. It’s no wonder there’s so much cynicism up front.
Some truly wonder what’s coming when we do make it to the greater city of Vancouver Island. It’s been suggested that it might be dismantled and lose its recent right to city statehood. As I say this, Mah has been turning his focus to the legitimacy of the new up-start city state, claiming that if it were not for political interference from outsiders such as the immortal Cosmo there would be no city state of Vancouver Island. There had already been reports of raids by Mah’s mercenaries on the populations of the island itself.
As marchers we are unwanted migrants – no one wants us, and should we complain to those against us too forcefully than a mighty hammer comes down. We fight para militaries with our bare hands and pea shooters - anything else better be improvised or they’ll wipe us off the map as legitimate combatants. Imagine a waterman – a plumber basically, being the only significant weapon in your arsenal to defend your people. There are dozens like me now yet the whole idea would be impossible to believe just six or so months ago. I hope the coming weeks go quickly because it appears that the closer we get to our goal the more stressful it is to endure.


*****


Something magical happened just a few days after the march picked up again; we found a pocket of paradise. I’m not sure if we passed some natural border or what gives but it began with the grass becoming taller and then there were shrubs and flowering plants that followed that were near a meter high. And then there were trees! They were just two or three meters high or so but they were trees just the same. And I saw – fallen trees for the first time in my life. You see things like this in museums and such but to see what was clearly a forest to me, and to see everyone else around me who were all equally gob smacked was astounding. I’d heard of moss but I’d never seen any – here it was everywhere or so it seemed.
Some wanted the march stopped so they could enjoy this little bit of paradise. Others wanted to continue further in hopes of finding a place to camp where the little paradise might not become trampled and ruined. In the end the former won out; the camp became the road and we just stopped.
As the hours went by this is what I saw as I did my best to drill my lines: I saw hundreds of people go out and sit and lay down on their backs and such and just look up and all around them at the splendour of the view. They told me that they could see heaven. They told me that looking up from the vegetation and through the trees that it was like being in a time machine – seeing what the world must have looked like centuries ago. If little Ivan sees this – he will be so thrilled.
Jonas and Andre however weren’t thrilled by this unplanned delay. But I think they soon saw the value of stopping the march as a much needed morale boost for the weary up here. I think I even spotted Jonas lying on his back for a few moments. I would have to wait for the next morning to see paradise because there’s no rest for the waterman, - and apparently, not even when you’re in heaven.
And Heaven is what they called it and on the morning of the following day about fifty or so of the trekkers declared that they were no longer going to go any further. They were going to settle right here in Heaven.
“That’s what Mah wants,” hollered Andre.
“If you like this? It gets better yet,” implored Jonas but to no avail.
Kingsley told me that they’d change their mind eventually.
“Five hundred thousand marchers are going to roll through here in the coming days. It’ll become ruined,” he said.


*****


Mah was back in the media. This time he declared that he had irrefutable evidence that the city state of Vancouver Island’s matter transporter contrary to prior guarantees of being for civil use only was instead being used to supply light arms and explosives to the marchers. The evidence was some poor video and statements that were apparently extracted from people who had been tortured to death. This caused a fury among the remaining city states that wanted nothing do with accommodating a new city state that was sponsored by the left leaning immortal Cosmo. They wanted the matter transporter shut down and the city’s constitution rescinded immediately.
Somehow they had managed to intercept Ruby’s pikes – at least some of them anyways. I already had one. I couldn’t resist. These things were museum pieces as weapons. The only people who used them these days were martial arts enthusiasts. They could give you a hell of a shock but beyond that you needed to impale a man to kill him. An antique revolver would be more useful; these are pikes for crying out loud – we’re talking primitive anti-cavalry weapons.
These pikes of Ruby’s were about one and a half meters long and had a nice pointy metal tip on each end. Their tips could be powered to conduct a high voltage into a victim’s body or armour but you had to be careful not to become part of the same circuit at the same time or - else. I liked to swing one around because they had a nice weight to them but I always kept the power off so not blow myself off my feet if I came in contact with something metal because physical agility was not my true forte.
I thought the whole mess might buy the march some quiet time if Mah was focusing all his energy on political matters, but that was not the case. I have a good security detail where at least one or more armed individuals are no more than three meters away from me even when I sleep. I sleep in one of seven different trailers. I eat in a different location for almost every meal. When I have a dump someone is outside the lavatory door, but within a day of Mah’s new focus on Vancouver Island’s new city state a plot was executed to kill me.
It was late in the evening and I hadn’t quite retired for bed just yet. My sentry was nearby but he can’t be standing at my door step or someone’s going to put two and two together. I don’t sleep with my kit on even though I look like a New Euron I’m certainly not a New Euron and my kit sits on a table at my bedside in case I hear something suspicious in the middle of the night.
So, I did hear something suspicious. There was a noise from beneath the floor in my trailer and before I could take the three or four steps that it would take to get to my kit there’s two hands and the head of a crab-shell miu poking up through a freshly torn hole in my trailer’s floor. Now the floor of this trailer and most others are made of some pretty sturdy metal composites, but he was going through it like it was just an annoyance in his way. The kit was out of reach, the light rifle was out of reach and the only other weapon of sorts that was nearby besides a spatula was one of these pikes.
The miu could see that I was trying to cross the room to get to something and he used one of his hands to grab my right foot as I scurried across the floor and screamed like a child for help. I’ve held and operated many machines, some of them were very powerful machines indeed, but it is quite a different experience I must say when a machine reaches out and grabs you personally. It had an immensely powerful grip. I’m sure if it wanted to it could have squeezed my foot into liquid but if it did that I might get away before it had the opportunity to put one of its bloody bolts through me.
But I did get a hold of that pike and I hit him with it but to no effect. So then I put it kind of lengthwise between him and me and I thought about what Ruby had said just a few days ago and I activated the pike and sparks began to fly; big blue ones. He let go of my foot and I got above him and pried the tip of the pike into a transition point between his head and collar and he began jerking all about and made all sorts of clatter until he came to a stop.
The door to my trailer was then suddenly forced open and two of my security detail entered and pulled me out of there in a hurry. Ruby showed up. The Marauders showed up. Kingsley showed up. And I just remember being so upset. I was swearing and cussing at any one who tried to comfort me or reassure me. Finally, I was overpowered and carried away by a big burly marauder to the infirmary where I was treated for shock and a panic attack.


*****


Apparently, a miu is a very good digger. They dig holes to protect themselves from large powerful blasts. They dig trenches when they need to hunker down and they can tunnel beneath enemy earth works if that’s required of them. And apparently when needed, they can be buried beneath the ground and lie in wait like a mine to be activated.
My foot is a mess. If it were not for medical intervention I’d be having a very difficult time getting around. I’ve asked for a meeting with both Kingsley and Ruby to discuss my security. Motion sensors are supposed to be coming but I want what should be obviously addressed: There has to be an informant or an insider at work here.
“Well, what do you guys think? An inside job? Is someone working for Mah here?” I asked the two as pointedly as I could manage.
“Well Curran, his reach is pretty far. It would be a difficult call to make simply because he has so many resources at his disposal; he doesn’t really need a vulnerable spy or inside informant. He only needs to turn up the volume or zoom in or zoom out with a virtual plethora of surveillance tools. But we can look into it,” answered Kingsley.
“Absolutely,” parroted Ruby.
“We have no means of detecting whether a deactivated miu has been planted beneath the soil much like Mah and company have no means of detecting one of your charges running through an empty line until it’s too late of course,” said Kingsley.
“If I place a sentry in your room; are you going to keep the lights on while you sleep so my sentry can stay awake? All we can do is react. In the future your night time trailer will be parked over rock. There will be inspections of the soil beneath it and nearby. We can install motion sensors to help raise an alarm earlier but even that has to be done carefully or trailers with motion sensors will all be attacked. My team failed you last night. We take the job of protecting our clients very seriously. I know that you work hard too but you failed to take out all of an attacking team of mius two days ago. None of us is perfect. By working together and trying our best we’ll get to somewhere better but don’t ...,” and Ruby paused, “Do not under estimate this man’s power and reach. He is out for you.”
Mah: I stopped paying attention to him and his pathetic tirades in the media a long time ago, but maybe I should take his threats more seriously. I had reasoned months ago that competing with him in the media on his terms would be a bad idea because he can control that script. I also worry about the safety of those around me; not Kingsley and Ruby so much but in particular Peg and Ivan. I’m just a waterman and one of many who are all thorns in Mah’s side. I may have embarrassed him more than some others, but that’s all I can do. He’s safely snuggled away from harm far from anyone’s reach. There is no getting him; there is only him getting me – just as Ruby said.
The day after the meeting as Kingsley promised an investigation of sorts began.
“Curran, there will be some strangers arriving here in a few days. You’ll know them when you see them and should they want to question you, you should be truthful but I suspect they won’t need to bother you,” said Kingsley.
And there were about ten of them; all clean and shiny, and they worked in twos and threes and they did indeed look like strangers. Ruby had recommended them. They were contracted from a private investigation company that had almost as many resources at their disposal as Mah did. And they seemed to talk to everyone and anyone that had anything to do with me.
One did approach me. His name was Michael-Angelo.
“Waterman, why don’t you find a nice job up top?” he asked.
“Well this is my home,” I answered.
“You could do way better than this,” and he pointed to my dusty attire.
“I got friends here,” I said.
“You can get friends anywhere. You’re a good looking guy. You’re smart. You’re a big celebrity up there already. I don’t get it,” said Michael-Angelo.
“But what about Mah?” I asked.
“Mah would like nothing better than you to get off this fucking planet my friend. It would fix a lot of things for him. If you know what I mean,” said a smiling Michael-Angelo. “Hey, It’s something to think about,” he added and he then walked off to catch up with his partner.
The next day the strangers were gone and so was Andre.
“You can’t trust a man in a beard; not even Saint Nick!” is how General Thompson put it.


*****


The march came to a stop again. This time it was because of trouble behind us. Mah had successfully attacked a middle section of the march. It was successful because no one died, and more importantly because some one hundred tractors and trailers were destroyed along with whatever cargo they contained. It was a good day for Mah. I don’t know what the problem was back there but I wanted to go and help. 
“No. We can wait. The weather is favorable. New equipment is coming to replace what was lost,” said Kingsley.
“Kingsley, I bet if I went down there for just a day I could make sure that it doesn’t happen again,” I replied.
“Measures have already been taken to remedy the problem. Mah is just baiting you,” said the New Euron.
“In fact I heard that he asked how your foot was coming along,” he added.
I rolled my eyes.
“I don’t pay attention to him anymore,” I said.
“And that’s a good thing Curran.”


*****


While we idled for a few days, we set up a dump site and much like all the others that we’ve created they can collect waste pretty quickly and begin to smell. And so I was told one morning that a very regal looking winged visitor had come to visit our trash heap.
I’ve never seen a real bird before so I was quite excited. Most live birds live in captivity so the idea of seeing a wild bird just fascinated me. So, I headed over to the dumpsite before I was to start work in hopes of seeing him.
There were about a dozen of us there and everyone was smiling. I was going to say good morning to the group of bird fanciers but I was quickly hushed by some suddenly stern looking faces. I hushed myself and made myself look guilty for a moment and the lustful smiles of the bird fanciers’ returned.
He was mostly white with thin yellow legs and webbed feet. His beak was also yellow and long and thin. I bet he would tip the scales at a couple of kilograms. He strutted about like he owned the place and pecked his beak about and vociferously gobbled down scraps of discarded table food.
I judiciously inquired with the most intensely interested admirer and in the tiniest of whispers I asked, “What kind of bird is that?”
He carefully cupped a hand over my ear and whispered back, “That’s a seagull.”
I nodded my acknowledgment so not to alarm the much admired visitor and of course his admirers.
Seagulls as I later read were not a rare find near large cities and natural sources of protein such as a sea shore. This fella had likely come from the shores of the Pacific because they were maybe twenty kilometers to our west and the nearest city if we ever get there was still two hundred kilometers to our north. Nonetheless, this handsome bird was a thrilling sight for people like me who have never had the pleasure of seeing a live bird in their life.


*****


A couple more tense days passed up here at the front. No one is happy up here unless they’re bitching about moving. I saw fights break out between trekkers who couldn’t just sit around idly. It would be different if the holdup was actually up here but in this case it was well behind us and out of sight. It did make perfect sense however that the march should stay together; strength in numbers as they say; especially now with Vancouver Island at least figuratively speaking within eyesight from here.
Chakka and I had finished our day early and we lingered at our last job because its location was quiet and had a nice vista to take in. Hundreds of square meters of vertical rock were always intoxicating to the eye. The general showed up and he seemed to be looking for a more relaxed audience and atmosphere.
“Good day Curran,” said the general.
He was old school and didn’t greet hybrids such as Chakka.
“Lectures are cheap today. I’m giving them out a dime a dozen,” he said as he eased himself down next to my rig.
“What’s on your mind, General?” I asked.
“Bull shit. A lot of bull shit,” he answered under his breath and with a heavy emphasis on the ‘bull’ in bull shit.
“What’s going to happen when all this fails? What’s going to happen if all the marchers arrive in the city state of Vancouver Island, my friend? They don’t talk about that in the media or anywhere else for that matter. Not yet anyways.
“You don’t want to live on a satellite up there do you my boy?”
“No sir. I want to live on Earth,” I answered.
“Well, I don’t blame you son. I had a nice spot on the sixth colony and I paid a pretty penny for it; pretty much equatorial if you know what I mean. It had the longest damn summers. You have to pay big for that twenty degrees of tilt.
“Life seemed pretty much perfect there until they started running out of - air. You are always existentially dependant on someone or something on one of those damn satellites.
“They can screw this place up all they want but I reckon there will always be air here to breathe.
“Cosmo thinks he can find a nice place for me up in New Euro where I can finally get to retire. Just imagine that: no atmosphere leaks trying to suck you out into space, no shortage of air to breathe, a fraction of the ambient radiation to deal with. Hell, I can walk for hours here without suiting up. Up there a rouge solar flare comes along unannounced and I’m toast.
“Life will be good here if all this ends in a decent way. We’ll see. I got my doubts with that bull in a china shop: Mah, running things.”
“What’s Cosmo like?” I asked.
“Why he’s a real gentleman. You don’t find that quality in too many immortals. They’re all bitter sons of bitches if you ask me. He and I go back about forty years now. That’s a drop in the bucket for him. Every year or two he’s got a project for me; keeps me honest. I get to do some good. An old man like me can’t ask for much more than that now can he?”
Chakka had powered himself down but I could spend all day listening to General Thompson talk.


*****


Ella, - I hardly think of her anymore. Hell, I hardly think about my own dick anymore unless maybe when I have to lose some water. This whole march thing is a real romance killer. I’ve seen way more relationships amongst the marchers that have broken up rather than newly formed relationships that have taken shape in the past year. Stress is like a wedge that just pries people apart more so than binds them together. Even Peg is single again; she’ll find someone else.
The latest thing that Mah has been up to has stirred up a lot of trouble. He wants hard limits on what may or may not be allowed to be shipped on the city state of Vancouver Island’s new matter transporter. He wants strict regulations on everything that is not dry goods or food. On the surface his argument is about keeping new weapons out of hands of the marchers or any other insurgents. But what he’s really after is limiting the traffic of people because there really isn’t enough room up top for five hundred thousand vestigial colonists and his employers do not want a new city state to contend with either. He wants the march to stop yet our old homes have been raised behind us by salvagers. Shelby I hear has been flattened by incoming salvage that has been purposely dropped there. Maverton is gone now, too. We’re caught between a rock and a hard place is how most of the marchers see it.
Lyle is coming for a visit; sometime next week I’ve been told. That guy scares the shit out of me; everything he touches turns into a nightmare. They tell me that he’s now created a solvent that can be sprayed on these new crab-shell mius that will soften their armour. I can’t wait for that.
I remember telling him about how I took out a bolt-head almost a year ago with some solvent that we had ignited. I hate being this man’s inspiration. I’m not looking forward to spraying crab-shell mius with anything because I got the feeling that they won’t like it much. He should be getting Moose to try using this stuff first. I like to blow them up firstly more so than dealing with them on a personal level. If only we could go back to those old bolt-head days. It was fun watching dogs chase them; now however, the crab-shell mius can out run the dogs. These crab-shells can pretty much out run anything we got.
We got an opera singer of sorts up front here and though he’s loud and kind of swarthy looking - he’s not much of a singer. Lately though, he has a new ditty called ‘Fidalgo’. The real aria he butchers is one of those ear worms written by a long dead guy named Rossini.
“Fidalgo, Fidalgo... Fidalgo,” he sings, over and over again and always accompanied with this crazed cherubic smile and bulging eyes of his. If he’s not singing it, he’s whistling it – which after a thousand times is only a little easier on the ears.
I don’t know too much about opera, but Fidalgo is the geographical location of the first of two land bridges where we could possibly cross from the continent to Vancouver Island. The remaining land bridge was located much farther north and would require another month of marching to a place called Squirrel Cove.
Being a waterman it truly saddens me to think about how much water has been taken from this planet but if this land bridge hadn’t formed over the last few hundred years this march would have become much more complicated. Fidalgo is just ten to fourteen days away and hearing its name roll off the tongues of our marchers’ is - music to my ears.


*****


As it turned out, Lyle’s idea of using solvent on the crab-shell mius does have some merit to it. It’s not like we’d be spraying them with an insecticide or something like that; that’s obviously crazy. What he intends is that earthen works like trenches and pits are to be constructed and used where the advancing mius can be firstly, directed to the pits and trenches and then secondly, slowed down and isolated where they then can be sprayed with the solvent. It won’t slow them up too much but in about five minutes or so their armour will be about the consistency of a soft vinyl fabric.
“I like that,” hollered General Thompson. “One trench to soak the buggers and the next trench to mow them down with chain guns!”
Chain guns certainly excited the general but unless he’s forgotten he currently has just one of them. Whose going to be poking these mius with our piddly, powered pikes where the adversary happens to be still armed with a light heat ray, umpteen rounds of projectiles and of course, their infamous bolts; that’s what I want to know?
I picked Kingsley’s brain whenever I could about what was going on out there concerning the march. He was reluctant to talk as always but when you caught him when he was under the influence of his favourite drink he could become a little more forthcoming. Apparently, the march was becoming less of an issue; there were other things afoot in near space and here on Earth. There had been opportunistic raids on New Euron territories here on Earth and on some smaller colonies in the near space territories of the Republic. And they all had one thing in common: crab-shell mius. All the concerned parties were suspicious of each other, and many fingers were pointing to Cosmo.
“It’s not him; I’d know about it if it had anything to do with Cosmo. It’s got all the tell tale markings of a deep space colonist conspiracy. They have excellent technology; technology to rival the best of what we have. And they have reason to cause us harm,” said Kingsley one evening after having a good drink of ale.
“What would they want from us if they are doing so well without us hundreds of light years away?” I asked.
“They don’t have here. They don’t have what their elder brother has,” answered Kingsley and then he left for one of his many drunken walkabouts through the camp.
The deep space colonists had expressed an interest in a share of Nouveau Paris not too many years ago and of course their request was denied. More than a century had passed since Nouveau Paris’s discovery and all the lengthy remediation that had been done in the mean time to make the planet inhabitable was all done without any help from the deep space colonists. It defied logic here amongst the locals as to why they needed to provide access to a planet to those who had provided no effort, no time, and no interest in the project until it finally began bearing fruit.
Of course, I’ve never been there. It is suppose to be - beautiful. Some of it is even inhabitable to new comers I hear, but one really needs to have the conditioning of a few generations under their belt to live comfortably on the rest of it. Its schools, art houses and museums are legendary. You are considered to be a lucky man should you ever get to visit there.
Nonetheless, it’s hardly worth fighting over. It has no military or armed forces of its own. Weapons other than those to uphold the law are not permitted there. All of its neighbors and interested parties such as New Euro and the Republic have all sworn to defend it, to respect its sovereignty, and not to industrialize it in any way other than for its own domestic food production. After Earth in my mind anyways, it’s the closest thing to real paradise that we have.
‘Another day or two; another kilometer or two’: That’s how I can best describe our progress up front these days. The terrain is taking its toll on the equipment. We have plenty of experience making repairs but our equipment is designed more for heavy work on the soil of the plains and not the craggy inclines of mountains of rock. Mah has actually installed signage warning those who venture to Fidalgo that their safe passage cannot be guaranteed. No one seems to care; they didn’t march all this way to turn back because of some threatening signage.
I’ve all but stopped drilling wells. I simply run a submerged horizontal line a kilometer or two to the last vertical I’d drilled. There’s almost nothing I can’t do with this new equipment when it comes to running lines. There soon won’t be a need for a waterman if this new Plazma technology gets marketed to the general consumer. I bet JUNCKE will soon be selling it.


*****


“Where is this resistance that we were expecting,” I asked Kingsley, whose lips were wet with his favorite drink again?
“I don’t think it was more than talk at the time, Curran. I’d worry more once the march breaches the land bridge,” answered the New Euron.
“And how so?” I asked.
“Because two headaches will merge together for the Republic: The marchers and the city state of Vancouver Island will all be one.”
“What are you saying? That we’re marching into an ambush.”
“I think that’s a very real possibility, Curran. It’s something that has concerned Cosmo and the local leadership of the new city state of Vancouver Island for some time now.”
It must be me or something. I tend to focus on what I do and what is immediately in front of me and not enough apparently - on what goes on above me! There are powerful people who live above me – like up in heaven so to speak that are controlling my destiny down here on Earth in a manner not much different than in the pages of Homer’s Iliad or some other ancient mythology. This is the twenty-sixth century for heaven’s sake.
“What the fuck?” I said.
The New Euron shrugged and drank some more.
I let out a long breath. I got to get Ivan out of here. There are lunatics running crazy town.


*****


If the end game for this march is constantly changing then I need an end game for my own agenda. I’ll do my job as well as I can but my new goal is to get Ivan off this planet as soon as possible. I know he’s not going to want to go at this moment but if two people who know a lot more about our situation than I do both have serious concerns that all hell is going to break loose once we finish this march then I’ve got to get a plan together. So as of immediately, I want to get on with this march as quickly as possible and see what’s going to pan out for us.
The next day a new fresh young bodyguard showed up at my trailer’s door. Her name was Alba. She was initially hired to follow Kingsley around as his personal bodyguard. He was having nothing to with her so she was reassigned to me. I don’t think she was fourteen years old. She had genetic pedigree in martial arts that went back four generations. She was no more than one and a half meters tall but she could kick above three meters in height. She could literally run up walls and kick off from the ceiling; I saw her do it. Between her momentum, her weight and gravity she could cave in someone’s skull in like she was a little girl playing hop scotch or jumping rope. Once a month she was tested in order to keep her credentials up. She was an amazing bodyguard but that’s not what I needed.
“Alba, the chances of me requiring the services of an acrobat even if I’m being attacked by ten crab-shell mius are pretty much zero. I need a helper. I need an apprentice. If you want a placement with me – you’re going to have to learn my job, too. What do you think?”
“I’ll do it if Ruby lets me.”
“Oh, I got pull with her. That won’t be a problem. I blow shit up. That’s what I do for them. It’s not like I’m much of a waterman anymore. You’ll like it. Who doesn’t like to blow mius up?”
“Not me,” she answered.
“I like to beat shit up. Can I?” and she pointed to the wall of my trailer.
“Be my guest,” I answered and she put a gloved fist through it with about the same ease as my night time visitor had.
“That’s very impressive. Look, I’ll listen to your life history. I’ll put up with whatever idiosyncrasies you might have. You can punch holes into whatever you want and when you want but when I need you to do something for me you gotta be there. Okay?”
“Consider it done, waterman.”
“Okay then, first things first: You can start calling me Curran.”
“Whatever you say waterman,” she grinned back at me and winked.
“Okay then.” 
And I started her with the basics: what things are called.


*****


Alba caught on quickly as I expected she would. I didn’t need her to help me in the way that Chakka provided and he’s indispensible but in the past he’s been suddenly reassigned away from me at times and I let Kingsley know that I wanted Alba with me till the very end whenever that might happen; no reassignments. 
She was cheeky yet she was also reliable and that was okay with me. I just needed someone I could count on. There were some days when we were accompanied by one or more additional security team members and that allowed her to talk the talk with her old peers. It was like watching over a bunch of kids sometimes when they got together and they made me feel old and there was only a few years difference in our ages but I didn’t come from a happening place like the Thirteenth Colony which is where most of them lived in barracks.
Alba had actually come from a high orbiting man-made satellite of Mars: M102. M102 had a population of one hundred and twelve thousand hard working souls and had its first elliptical orbit around the planet Mars in the year 2452. She showed me pictures of her guardian back home and her bunk as she called it or cabin as it looked to me that she once lived in as a youth. Her bunk had artificial gravity but many of the common areas of her colony were connected by conduits that had no artificial gravity but had directional drafts that blew travellers along at a gentle walking speed to school, the grocer or where ever you might need to go. It all sounded interesting but I’d much rather walk with a dust devil down here on Earth than be blown through a tube when I wanted to go somewhere. Alba agreed, she said there could be a lot of litter that circulated in the transit tubes, too that would get you in the face or in the mouth or eyes if you didn’t take precautions. But there was: no walking uphill like we have here.
“You got it so much better down here waterman. It’s a crime what the Republic is doing here,” said Alba.
“And what do you think the Republic is up to down here?” I asked since I’ve pretty much heard everything.
“They’re going to develop it again of course. That’s why they want the vestigial populations out of the picture. I hear they have a secret pact with the New Eurons to divvy this place up.”
“If you want to know what’s going on you gotta watch the right media; not the shit they have around here. Watch ISPN that’s a good one,” said Alba.
“That one is banned down here,” I said.
“And? No wonder? Right waterman?”


*****


I thought that once we arrived at Fidalgo that we’d meet some locals but they were all long gone. We found some old infrastructure that was likely used before the land bridge materialized but not a soul was to be found – just a well worn path to follow out to what was once some deep sea. Seagulls were now more abundant and they appeared to be following the march like they had found a synergistic connection to us.
Sand deposits were difficult to traverse in and any effort to leave the circuitous path led to hours of headaches with our equipment that was clearly not made for these conditions. I saw an entire rig; tractor and trailer, swallowed up by a sink hole just like it was on its way to hell – it disappeared out of sight. The rock, - and it was plentiful and everywhere one looked and into the horizon, had been eroded by water for millions of years but also it additionally had several decades of more erosion caused by wind and air thus there were sharp, jagged crags to avoid at your peril –  at every turn.
Only a few days into traversing the land bridge it became apparent that Mah was no longer interested in harassing those who had left the mainland. There were no more night time raids, no more arrests and all media coverage of the leading head of the march of which there was very little of at any rate - just suddenly stopped. Occasionally, we’d see a New Euron stinger take a pass over us but nothing else.
I must say that I was quite excited about seeing my first large body of water, - and it was just days away. We’d have a clear sight of it from our elevation to the south of us in perhaps twenty more kilometers. It wasn’t like I was going to be able to touch it or dip my foot in it, but I was going to get a glimpse of the Pacific Ocean and its remaining five hundred million cubic kilometers of water.
It had me so wound up that I found it difficult to sleep. If I got any real rest it was fitful with worry. And the dreams, or should I call them nightmares were peppered with huge swells, sprays and waterspouts. For a guy who had not seen a body of water larger than a swimming pool before, I had a lot of psychic material to work with when it came to picturing an ocean of water.
When it happened, it was rather anticlimactic. There was obviously a new colour in the horizon and it was very flat for as far as you could see until it dropped off the curve of the Earth. It kind of reminded me of home, where things were flat for kilometers in every direction you looked into there, too. It’s not that I’ve become tired of looking at mountains; I don’t think that’s ever going to happen. But I will say that where land and sea meet; it looks rather natural to the human eye. Perhaps I was a mariner in a previous life. I don’t know. Maybe that’s why I’m a waterman in this life.


*****


There was a change again in the vibe amongst the trekkers; they were back to their impatient ‘get it done’ ways. Some of them would charge ahead when most of us would decide to stop for the night. The comfort of numbers wasn’t as important anymore since the harassment from the Republic had all but abated. So I figure that those who some stormed ahead did so, so they might be first in line for whatever Vancouver Island had to offer.
So finally the day arrived when we saw the sand and pebbles of an old beach show up beneath our feet and a new range of mountains in front of us. And boy was it something else. People started dancing and singing. Some were kissing the ground. The opera guy was singing ‘Nessun Dorma’. People started unpacking their gear early that day and everything turned into a big three day party. I spent hours talking with little Ivan and Peg over those three days describing to both of them the excitement up here at the front of the march of finally arriving at the old shores of Vancouver Island. Plans were made for the three of us to get back together. The energy was – magnificent.
But, only a few kilometers away on the former beaches proper of Vancouver Island was a greeting party of sorts: the Island’s authorities. Some of the forward trekkers got through and some were sent back. Apparently, there were some conditions that all migrants had to agree to, to be admitted to both the island and its city state in particular.
No one was really surprised. We all knew before we joined the march that the end of the march might be the most difficult part of the journey. An information meeting was called even as our numbers swelled on the beach into the tens of thousands. 
I asked Kingsley if he was going to attend and he answered, “No. But I can tell you everything you’re going to hear there without the fights and theatrics.”
“And?” I asked.
“Curran, only children and their guardians will be admitted into the city state of Vancouver Island, all others with the exception of the infirm will not be allowed within the city’s boundaries.”
“But what about tech man? Surely they’ll want some tech men.”
“No Tech men. No watermen. All of the remaining marchers will be directed to communities located all over the island. They have all the tech men they need in the city. Count yourself as fortunate as you and the other specialized watermen from the march will likely be billeted around the city’s perimeter.”
“So, this isn’t over yet with Mah?”
“No. I’m afraid not. Even though in many ways the march has been an enormous success there’s much that still needs to be done. Cosmo has plans for you - providing that you are interested.”
“Hey wait... I’m a guardian. I’ve got Ivan.”
“Are you?” asked the New Euron who was busy bottling some more of his precious brew.


*****


Suddenly, there were ‘want to be’ guardians everywhere. Little Ivan told me that he had five offers in one day.
“I just want to be with you Curran. You’re my guardian.”
Sometimes, being a guardian requires a lot of thought and your heart has to suffer. It’s a serious job. It has some sacrifices. If I’m needed to be somewhere else so Ivan can be safe then I guess I’ll be somewhere else. It can’t go on forever I tell myself.
I have no doubt that Peg will lookout for him. She’ll do a fine job. I know that and that knowledge helps carry me through my days.


*****


There were many meetings in the days that followed are arrival to Vancouver Island. I got to meet the latest mayor of the city state of Vancouver Island; his security team consisted of layers of plainclothes men, uniformed men, man-machines and other mobile hardware. His name was Issac and he was a wealthy New Euron defector of all things. He owned a lot of shares in JUNCKE I heard. He appeared to be fairly seasoned and worldly in all things political and that might help him live longer than his two recent predecessors.
I attended meetings with the city’s defense minister: Carla. She was a no nonsense femme who dressed and spoke nice but had a reputation of chucking people out the door so to speak who happened to disappoint her. Lyle and her didn’t hit it off so I could see that he was on her radar. Lyle’s problem was he didn’t have patience for anyone outside of a few friends; I was to become his referee and go between. Our man Lyle was a ‘loose cannon’ sometimes but he hasn’t let us down yet.
The worry was that the Republic and its many interests via Mah as their proxy would invade the island and destroy the newly formed city state. And apparently as unimaginable as it seemed there was plenty of evidence that all this would come to pass as soon as a month from now.
Lyle, the general, Kingsley and myself were one of many teams that were assembled in haste to find the means to defend the city state from an invading military force. It was thought that the invaders would come by way of land as miu commandos or other landed mercenaries. Once the city’s air defenses were destroyed a heater attack would follow.
Kingsley and the general rightly pointed out that the best defense would be an offensive one that would eliminate or inflict some real damage to the invading force’s command.
“I’ve been looking at the lay of the land for weeks now and I can pretty much deduce that there are just three places that the enemy will land. Wherever they land is to be our first target and the perfect place to take the head off the beast,” said the general.
Kingsley agreed and he took the time to describe why taking the head off the beast as soon as possible would be desirable. He asked us to picture fifteen hundred to two thousand charging crab-shell mius quickly overwhelming our defenses where it takes as many lives as ten trained men to destroy one crab-shell miu. 
“Target the enemy at its earliest arrival to the island; target its delivery system, target its support systems, target its command systems and maybe, just maybe we can limit the hell that will take place when those crab-shell mius attack our city’s defenses,” said Kingsley.
Lyle pleaded for some real munitions. 
“Anything... A real heater? Perhaps borrow from the city’s air defense. Even some fissionable material.”
Issac struck all that down. Mah wasn’t letting so much as a pea shooter to be delivered to the city and to cannibalize the city’s air defense would mean surrender or worse – an immediate heater strike.
“Well that’s it in a nut sack – we’re screwed! I wouldn’t want it any other way. If you’re going to battle – go to town!” declared the general.
Well that raised a few eyebrows but I guess the general likes plenty of adversity.
I screwed up some courage and suggested that there was a lot of energy stored in my new Plazma gear and could that energy possibly be militarized as an explosive device?
“How does it work?” asked Lyle.
“I don’t actually know. It’s new technology and it burns through granite like nobody’s business. So there has to be some real power there. My expertise is running lines with it. The equipment is all modular like everything else I suppose – when it loses power I change a power cell, when it burns too slowly I change a transducer; anything else goes wrong then it’s a call to a Plazma technician.”
“I wanna have a look at that new gear of yours,” said Lyle and I could see he was hungry with interest.


*****


It took two weeks but finally my old friends from Shelby arrived. I waited for Peg and little Ivan and all the others I’d missed seeing for the past two months now at the old island shore’s migrant reception area. As anticipated both Ivan and Peg were granted permanent status in the city state of Vancouver Island.  I hugged the two in a big three man huddle. You can see people every day in hologram or small screen but you miss their energy and their aromas. I swear there’s nothing more pleasant than smelling the hair of someone you love.
We were like family again. I could visit the two as often as I wanted but my occupation and bunk had to be situated outside of the city’s perimeter. It wasn’t an ideal situation but it was much better than what we had been dealing with for more than a year now. If it were not for Mah, - then all of my hopes and dreams had finally come true.
I had to see Moose; I’d been told that he was in poor shape. For a monster of a man he had a lot of demons that ravaged him from the inside. The constant skirmishes with Mah’s mercenaries had taken a toll on more than just his body – his spirit was failing I’d been told.
I knew he would be expecting me to visit him. So as soon as I heard that my old gang of Marauders had arrived I made plans to see my old friend Moose the following evening. I’ve done it many times now but it’s still quite disconcerting to go visit a friend who is kept behind bars not for a crime he has committed but for a service that he unselfishly provides. 
I could hear the unsettling calls from these men this night for their loved ones just as I had heard them on my earlier visits. It’s like they live in a perpetual psychosis of nightmares with wild swings between depression and mania. The Antzi is given to them in small doses while they are idle and large doses when they are prepped for battle.
Moose has been credited with more than fifty kills. Only one other marauder had seen more time than Moose and he has been unofficially retired for weeks now; no one has the heart to euthanize him. I know my Moose and whether he’s psychotic or not he’ll see that no one needs to euthanize him; he’ll fall in battle when fate strikes him down or when he thinks the time is right.
He was quiet when I arrived and at rest in his bunk.
“Moose,” I called in a hushed voice; not wanting to awaken the man - if he needs to rest I can come back later I figured.
“Curran? Is that you? Let me see you,” he called from his bed.
“Yes it’s me Moose. I’ve come to see you friend.”
He got up slowly from his bed. There were scars new and old all over him. His once healthy mane of hair and beard had suffered and were matted and tattered. He was never a handsome man; he was really more beast back in his day but now, - he resembled a monster. One of his eyes had been replaced with an eye of another colour; it was a light blue and the other an original was brown. He lumbered over to me at the bars all some one hundred and forty kilos of him I would estimate.
“I swear Moose you’re becoming bigger each time I see you,” I told him grinning.
“They say my size is hard on my heart,” he responded smiling and rolling his bi coloured eyes.
“I hear my job is not yet done, Curran?”
“Nor is mine,” I answered.
“They got you using that clever brain of yours have they?”
“Aye.”
“How’s young Ivan?”
“He’s very good. He’s a citizen of the new city state these days.”
Moose smiled.
“I can bring him to visit if you like. I know he’d like nothing more,” I said.
“No, - that’s not necessary. No one needs to see me in this way. I’m not right anymore.”
“I swear I’m becoming an animal,” and he laughs, “I know that that must sound funny from someone called Moose.
“But I swear Curran when I see those crab-shell bastards humming and whizzing around with their lighting blinking off and on. I just want to beat my chest like an animal!” he screamed.
Another Marauder from down the way shouted for Moose to pipe down.
“You can fuck off!” shouted Moose at the top of his lungs to the complainer.
“I killed one by hand myself,” I said.
“Did you. Very impressive. Did it squeal? They sometimes make a little squeal before their lights go out.”
“No. It shook all about as I shorted it out.”
“Got it in a circuit board. Nice. Moose likes that.”
“Come closer Curran,” asked Moose and I brought my face close to the bars of his enclosure.
“It’s not who I’ve killed that drives me crazy – it’s who has died beside me.”
“I see.”
“You take care, Curran.”
“I will.”


*****


I’ve heard there is nightlife in the city state of Vancouver that was vastly superior to anything that I’ve previously been exposed to. Alba told me all about it.
“Curran, it’s amazing. There is an entire district in the city full of night clubs and restaurants. They have the best cuisines available from near space. JUNCKE has three high end fashion shops in the city’s retail corridor. I spent an hour last night just watching that matter transporter operate. It was incredible watching them drift up into the low atmosphere and then accelerate into – nothingness. You gotta see it,” pleaded a rapt Alba.
“I can see it from here. It’s no big deal,” I said.

“No, you go to get more underneath it – and look up from below. It’s like fireworks but those are hundreds of souls accelerating. You can see their souls glowing in the wake. A hundred white auras travelling faster than the speed of light.”
I think Alba must have visited one of those nightclubs before she found her way over to the matter transporter. I’ve not seen a matter transporter up close nor would I want to travel in one of those crazy cigars. To this day there are some that accelerate and disappear just as Alba described, but they never arrive at their intended destination or anywhere else for that matter – they just disappear as in gone. I think they are just great for moving everything else but people. But do you want to spend hours going to the moon or seconds?
“What do you know about auras? My old girlfriend said she could see them.” I asked the excited Alba.
“Oh I’ve seen lots of them. I see them best when I’m competing. If I see a hot white one coming from an opponent I’ve got to watch myself. They can take me down. It’s an animal thing. It’s in everyone; even you.”
“Me?”
“You got a cool grey one right now, Curran.”
I started to blush.
“It’s getting brighter,” she said.
“I bet when you were with your honey your aura would get like red hot.”
I smiled uncomfortably and admitted to myself privately: that I hate people sometimes.
“Oh,” she said, “I heard that Ruby is looking for you. You know what that means and that lady has an aura!”
“Can we please talk about something else – something other than Ruby?”
“Curran. Do this for me when you have some time on your own. Hold your hand like this: open palm, face down and just stare at it and you’ll eventually see a grey outline all around your fingers. Now you can’t stare at people all the time or they’ll think you are some kind of creeper but when their back is turned try it out, and practise. One day you’ll see what your girl and I see.”
“And what will I see?”
“That hot white is not good.”


*****


I went to town one night after an evening visit with Peg and Ivan. The two of them appeared to be about as happy as I’ve ever seen them. Ivan was starting classes at a real school the next morning and Peg was looking for some employment as a JUNCKE logistics technician. There was no work for me yet as a waterman or as a new member of city state of Vancouver Island’s militia. Until Lyle and Kingsley come up with a defense plan I was idle, so a walk through the city’s entertainment district sounded like a good idea to me. If I know Lyle and Kingsley then soon there will be little time left for me to do anything resembling rest and relaxation for a long time.
I‘ve never seen real police officers before that were not New Euron so their presence on the city streets of Vancouver Island was something new for me. There were still plenty of Golden Hearts about; they had set up shops all over and apparently they were still working diligently to get all the marchers or migrants as they were referred to around here setup with lodgings and an occupation. If the tensions between the Republic and this new city ever get resolved the Golden Hearts will probably be finding a civilian job for me somewhere. We can always hope I suppose.
Well by the time I got to the hub of the entertainment district I’d had quite an eyeful. I’d seen a brawl between two men. I’d been propositioned at least once for the best blow job of my life according to one young lady. And, I think I was propositioned once more but that person was too inebriated to get all the correct words out intelligibly. There were all sorts of gaming houses, and drinking establishments and I figured that if I visited enough of them I would eventually meet up with Kingsley.
So, I sat at a table in a bar called the ‘Old El Paso’ just because the name reminded me of my old journeyman’s rig the ‘Eldorado’. Those were good times back then. Most everyone that worked in the Old El Paso appeared to be almost naked.
“What’ll you have handsome?” asked a rather masculinised femme.
“I think I’ll have a draft,” I answered.
“What kinds do you have?”
“You can have anyone you want as long as it’s Ale Pha Centauri.”
“That will be just fine thank you,” I answered.
“Where the hell do you come from to have an accent like that?” he asked.
“A colony called Shelby,” I answered.
“Hey that’s from where that waterman come from,” said an inebriated fella sitting at the next table.
“What’s his name?” he asked.
“Curran,” I said.
“Did you know him?”
“Yeah, he’s a good guy,” I said.
“Well Mah said just today: The water is a risin’ waterman.”
He took another big mouthful and said, “I hate that prick Mah. He’s gonna get his one day.”
“I hope so,” I answered as a tall pitcher of a pale yellow liquid was put in front of me.
Well, ‘When in Rome’, I thought to myself as I took a mouthful of my first taste of alcohol. My first impression was that I hope what Kingsley drinks tastes better than this; but it was wet and cold.
“They say he’s here,” said the stranger at the next table.
“Oh yeah I’ve seen him. He keeps to himself mostly,” I answered and I had some more Ale Pha Centauri; it was growing on me.
“What do you do for a living if I may ask?”
“Rory ‘s my name. I do a little of this and a little of that. I got about five different occupations the last time I counted.”
“What’s a good job around here?”
“Well if you got a skill or a trade there’s a lot of that. If not there’s always JUNCKE they say. That’s where most of the migrants are getting hired so I’ve been told.”
There seemed to be a fight taking place in a back corner of the Old El Paso and my waiter was getting into it.
“That guy gets kicked out of here every night,” said Rory smiling just like my old friend Kingsley.
I poured another glass from my pitcher and I found it awfully peculiar how entertaining it appeared to be indulging in such a thing as having an ale in a room full of drunken men.
There was another pitcher that followed, then a long walk home in the cool night air on my first night out in the new city state of Vancouver Island.


*****


“You were right,” said Lyle.
“Yeah?”
“One of those Plazma power packs of yours can yield about four and a half tera joules of explosive energy once it’s been properly weaponized. This might be just what we need.”
“How many do you have?” asked Lyle.
“I have like another one as a spare,” I said.
“We’re going to need more. Do you know of any other watermen with this gear?”
“Well, - no. This gear is new. I only acquired it once we were into the mountains in order to get through all the granite around here. Kingsley had it delivered maybe three months ago,” I answered.
And then Lyle was gone and looking for Kingsley I suppose. And he was right; we were going to need a lot more if we were to run lines from here or wherever to a target and then still have some power remaining for an explosive device.
Kingsley and Lyle searched high and low for more of these power cells but in the end they could only find lighter grades that were used in the local construction trades on the island. My Plazma equipment was evidently designed for mining metallic asteroids. It was compact in size and very powerful but how did I acquire it; only Kingsley knows and he appeared to be pretty secretive about it.
I visited some tradesmen in the city myself and enquired about their best practices and their preferred technology for running lines. And these guys had only heard stories of what I’d been using for the last three months. I even had an offer to sell my gear.
“Kingsley, if we can’t get these power cells legitimately, can we not just have them smuggled in by some professionals if you know what I mean?” I asked.
“It’s not that simple, Curran. I’m trying my best to get something similar brought in from Asia. But it’s just not possible to get it through here by conventional means; everything that comes into this city by way of the matter transporter is thoroughly searched. Cosmo forbids the import of any kind of military hardware through the matter transporter. If anything suspect is caught coming into the city it could become just the provocation that Mah needs to attack us immediately. Our general has the expertise in obtaining contraband; we’ll have to wait on him.”
He may talk like an old fool sometimes but the general was not one to be ever underestimated. He had been absent for a week now and apparently he had been on a shopping trip of his own. And when he did resurface he was showing off his latest acquisitions: twenty 50 millimeter chain guns.
“I broke the bank for these; never used surplus. I could’ve got ten new ones or twenty new old stock. More is better in my line of work.”
He wouldn’t tell me how he got them but I’m pretty sure they came by water; Mah had much less control over what might come by sea. Back in its day, it might have been a pretty efficient means of moving material, but today transport by water was pretty much absent because of its inefficiency and thus it was pretty much completely unregulated.
Kingsley called a meeting of the minds.
“Gentlemen, we have to take action now. I believe that we should start the construction of our defense system immediately and we’re just going to have to hope that we find some significantly potent explosives in the mean time.
“Curran, I want you and your associates to begin running one hundred and twenty millimeter lines to the target areas that the general has identified. You will also build a bunker that can be defended for at least ten minutes if it is directly attacked by crab-shell mius. The city’s engineering corps will assist you with the construction. I’m certain that they can handle any earth moving needed for our earthworks such as trenches and kill zones. 
“I’d like you to work closely with the general because it will be the two of you who will be responsible for the first line of defense of the city’s perimeter. 
“General Thompson, the mayor is presently looking for volunteers to train as chain gun operators, light riflemen, and pike men. It will be your task to train and outfit these men for military duty.
“I must warn you two that while Lyle and I are away hunting up a new payload that’s compact enough to run through the one hundred and twenty millimeter lines that Curran here and his team will be running in the next few days that Lyle and I will not be able offer you any advice or assistance to you; there will be no communication between us on any matter – you’ll be on your own. No one is to know that we are away and it’s absolutely important that Mah must not know anything about this.”
“If someone asks where I am while we’re away. Tell them: I’m busy planning, or that I’m in a conference with Cosmo. Hell, you can tell them I’ve gone for a drink if you have to. No one will doubt that one,” said a grinning Kingsley. “And if they ask about Lyle: he’s out doing some reconnaissance and leave it at that,” added Kingsley wrapping up the meeting. 


*****


I was provided with a crew of nearly twenty to run those lines and I also had two commercial use stingers at my disposal to help get the job done. We started with the most serious threat which was the same path the march followed to the island. The general figured a landing there might be able to deliver an attack on the city in as little as twenty minutes. So we planned for a means of disabling their command at that location that is if we ever do acquire the weapon to do that, and additionally we provided a means to slow their advance up if that were even possible since they have already been clocked in a full charge at one hundred kilometers per hour.
It was great to be back with most of my old crew members again. I had Chakka, Mitch, Nala, Jamir and Alba all on my new team. You couldn’t ask for a more experienced team to run lines; even through a metallic asteroid for that matter.
Through the days that followed we mapped and ran hundreds of kilometers of lines to the three target areas and along the routes that we expected an invading force would use to attack the city’s metropolitan area. We dodged drones when we saw them and shot them down if needed. Mah’s and the Republic’s drones were required to be accompanied by a local drone when they were within the island’s perimeter, so if we didn’t see two together we would shoot first and ask questions later; drones are cheap but our mission, our safety and our personal security were priceless.
The general was a little perplexed with the Nutters. They were the first in line to sign up for front line duty. Thankfully, they weren’t all killed on the march. He didn’t think that they were sophisticated enough to be dependable front line defenders.
“Curran, the whole lot of them are thick as posts!”
“General Thompson – Nutters are fearless. They are natural scrappers. You couldn’t ask for a better lot of men, - they don’t back down. If you have any you can spare I’ll take them for my trenches.”
The general furrowed his brow and went silent but I know if he saw them fight during the march he’d think of them differently.
The population in the city was reaching a point of critical mass with worry. People were gathering up wild dogs from the outlying areas and bringing them into the city. Homes were becoming bunkers. There were teams of people organizing soap squads to slicken the streets in hopes of slowing a mius travel so they might be set on fire with an incendiary pitched from someplace above.
People who felt that they couldn’t fight were being told to hide safely out of the way and should they have to come out, to organize into groups of fifty to one hundred and not any larger. Apparently, large groups of people were usually eliminated quickly with chemicals and smaller groups were ignored and seen as less of a threat to a miu commander.
It was all just incredibly disconcerting to a population whose only crime so far was to build a city. Some hated the presence of the marchers. Others were thankful that we arrived to bolster the city’s defenses because this showdown was a long time in coming.
Young Ivan came home from school in tears one day. He could still remember what it was like to be a member of a community that’s been under attack by mius. It would still be fresh in his mind what it was like to be a child being chased by a machine that wanted to kill him.
“Everyone in my class,” he cried, “has a safe place to go to if they attack, but not me,” he sniffed.
“They don’t understand,” he cried, “a bunker is the worst place to go. I’m going up. The higher; the better. I’d rather jump to my death than have a bolt put through me.”
Peg and I cried for an hour after hearing that.
“That’s something that should never come from a seven year old boy’s mouth,” cried Peg.
For the most part my lines were done and there might be enough energy in my remaining Plazma power cell to make one good bang – only Lyle would know; he and Kingsley have been gone for near two weeks now. Not all of the remaining marchers had arrived just yet. I’m sure someone up there named Mah was watching for the very last marcher to arrive before launching his attack on the new city state of Vancouver Island – my new home.


*****


Kingsley and Lyle arrived just in time to quell what I would describe as quite a bit of civil unrest in the city. While the two were absent the only real tangible information that the mayor had to share with his cabinet concerning the defense of the city was that it was still a work in progress. Every day for the two and a half weeks that Kingsley and Lyle were gone the mayor would pester me and the general about Kingsley and Lyles’ whereabouts and after a while word got out that we didn’t actually have a reasonable defense plan in place yet.
I stayed out of town when that bit of news caused riots and melees to break out amongst the local citizens and the newly arrived marchers. Mah was thrilled with the outbreaks of dissension and he sarcastically offered to bring order to the city if the mayor would only just let him.
But what Lyle and Kingsley did eventually bring back with them was some real hope for everyone and enough fuel for two good sized warheads.
“Curran, Lyle and I would have come back earlier but what good is a weapon if it hasn’t been tested. It seemed at the time that it would be better if we brought back something that had been tested and proven to detonate than something that might not work,” said the tired, and dare I say, parched looking Kingsley.
“Is it small enough to run in my one hundred and twenty millimetre lines?” I asked.
“Oh yeah,” replied the New Euron.
“How much weight is there to it?”
“About one kilogram; not including electronics, Curran. What do you think of that?”
“I like it. That’s a lot lighter than what we planned for. It’ll literally fly through those lines,” I said.
“And that’s what we wanted. Right? I’m going to take a long walk now.”
While Kingsley was out looking to whet his thirst Lyle was already at work refining his new toy. Initially, I don’t think the citizens of the City State of Vancouver Island were too impressed with Kingsley’s belated return since in short order he was to be found inebriated at the Old El Paso; and yes I recommended the place but I must say - there was no more rioting.
My lines were mapped and run; I could relax a little too, but Alba got me interested in laying traps for any mius that might get through our lines.
“You don’t have any faith in me?” I asked her.
“Curran I love you. I really do. But I don’t have faith in anyone but ‘numero uno’. These units of Mah’s are going to get through. I hope; not many of them, but realistically - some are going to get through. Chain guns break down. Chain guns run out of ammunition. Our pike men become depleted.”
“Okay, I hear you.”
 “We got to deal with that. We have to be prepared for that,” added the excited Alba.
“Show me,” I said.
And she actually had some pretty good ideas. She had earthworks constructed behind our lines that gave an invading force places for natural cover that she had carefully mined with explosives and in some cases she provided inviting paths that appeared to lead to the city’s core but of course didn’t that she also mined with explosives. There were also pits that she had the engineers dig that had false floors above them and self activating mines in the bottom of them should an enemy miu fall into one. So I spent a few days helping the ambitious Alba.
One day you show a few people that you can destroy a bolt-head with just some old fashioned ingenuity. Another day you demonstrate to millions that you can take down an enormous weapon such as a heater with nothing much more than a slingshot and some luck and then suddenly everyone gets the idea that maybe we can fight these things that we’re up against. Maybe we don’t have to become losers. Maybe we can win. We’ve done it before; perhaps we can do it again.  We are all that remains of men who live freely on Earth. We are the remaining vestiges of a people who once owned this place and if anyone thinks that they can take away the last bit of  land that the last vestigial colonists’ of Earth have chosen to settle upon, - then they are in for a hell of a fight.


*****


Lyle took over the bunker for about sixteen straight hours later that week and I was at his beckoning call as we did trial after trial of running a dummy device through the lines. He wanted speed more than anything and absolutely no tight turns he insisted which was something that required more work on my team’s part, but we’ll get it done I assured him.
“Curran, time is of the essence right now,” he said to me as he let out several exhausted yawns.
I raised my brow at him while I managed two things at once; I had a call from a field team and I was helping Chakka adjust a compressed air set.
“There are less than a hundred marchers a day arriving at the island now. We’re getting near the end,” he said.
“We need to be ready as soon as now.”
“How about by tomorrow? We’ll work through the night.” I answered
“Well frankly, I’m going to bring the weapons up here now. They’ll be here in an hour or so. They’re too dangerous to keep in the city. Curran, you’re going to have to live here for now on. There’s going be a security detail in place here around the clock so you won’t be lonely. I don’t know how you feel about that but that is our new reality.”
I nodded my head in resignation because this was what I had signed up for.
Well, thanks for the warning I thought to myself privately. I get to eat and sleep with two massive bombs until Mah changes his mind. How will I get to spend any time with Peg and Ivan? And, I know who’s going to show up and command this security detail: Ruby. I just know it.
An hour later, sixteen members of Ruby’s finest showed up along with the two crated warheads. I couldn’t hear myself think for the noise the lot made with their macho chatter. But they all fell silent once Ruby entered the cramped quarters of the bunker. Her assistant snapped orders to each member and after a minute or two there was just the two of us remaining.
“Well how the hell is my favorite half-baked, New Euron?” Ruby cheered.
“I’m good Ruby. How are you?”
“I am fine,” she chimed. “And this is for you.”
She held in her hand a communication device that you usually attached to your ear with a dab of surgical adhesive. I’d seen them before and she peeled off the backing tape of the button sized device and applied it to the back of my left ear lobe.
“Do you sleep on your right or your left side?” she asked.
I could hear her smelling me in a big nasally draft as she got close. It was awful.
“My left,” I answered.
“Ooh ooh I’m sorry. We’ll have to spoon up on our right side now when we get cozy with our honey won’t we?
“Are we still single?”
“I got a girl,” I almost shouted.
Ruby grimaced.
 “Peg,” I lied.
“The girl with the funny leg?” asked the doubting Ruby.
“Yep, we’ve been a couple for months now,” I lied further but that’s okay because Peg owes me at least this little bit of dignity.
“I’m being honest here with you Curran; shit’s happening around here and it doesn’t look good. I like to kid a lot to lighten up the atmosphere but if you hear my voice in that left ear of yours – you pay attention sir.”
“I understand Ruby.”
“Good, I’ll leave you to your cozy little bunker you have here,” she answered winking at me coyly as she left to attend to her duties.


*****


Alba and I took turns sleeping. One of us was always awake and alert while the other ate or bathed. There wasn’t much for the two of us to do in between our shifts and I found it a bit disconcerting at times to find myself trying to sleep in a cot that was still warm from Alba’s resting body, but that’s how it was. Alba at least had the freedom to visit the city or see friends on her down time if she wanted to but not me; I was too indispensible. 
Kingsley would drop by occasionally and bring me up to date with whatever he thought was pertinent but the best news always came from my security detail; they were on a totally different wavelength of sheer fear and loathing.
Apparently, there was lots of trouble keeping the city state’s communications up and running. Tech men were being recruited from all over the island to keep it operating. It was all too eerily familiar to me because that’s exactly what preceded the attack on Shelby. I kept my mouth shut on that one and only shared my opinion with Kingsley and Lyle on the subject. They were both quick to acknowledge that that might be the case but at the end of day; it’s just war and anything could happen and nothing can be counted on.
The stress amongst the general population in the city was causing quite a lot of dissension among the citizens. Schools were being closed early each day. The prices for food and other necessities were shooting up as shopkeepers began to panic. And it wasn’t the new migrants that were acting up; it was the old citizenry who were causing the trouble now. They apparently, were not accustomed to being threatened and harassed by Mah’s paramilitaries and mius as those of us who had marched for months from the mainland were used to; we had the thicker skin.
“The jails and the hotels are filled with those idiots,” commented Kingsley after returning prematurely from one of his walks.
The general would come by to visit late in the evening some nights and during his visits he’d detail all the things he had personally attended to that day and then he’d pass out in his seat for an hour. Once his hour was up, he’d wake up in a clatter and have a dash of the Golden Heart’s brew and then off he’d go to inspect his troops and, “Check the lay of the land,” as he liked to say as he was leaving.
The climate of the media increasingly became more severe as the days wore on. Mah went on a fifteen minute tirade one evening about how more than one million marchers had illegally arrived in an unrecognized city state on the Republican lands of Vancouver Island.
“There will be justice for this insurrection,” he cussed.
“And all the dirty tricks that your ‘whatever-man’ has stowed up his sleeve won’t help!”
What a load of shit. He may very well annihilate me but the vestigial colonists of Earth have the right to migrate and this so called illegitimate city state that is our home today has been in existence for almost ten years now.
Kingsley kept a bunker of his own up front and spent quite a lot of his time there when he was not out doing reconnaissance in the field or drinking in his berth downtown. One night he came and got me from my shift; I had to wake Alba to cover me. He wanted me to come to his bunker.
“What’s up Kingsley?”I asked as we walked to back to his bunker.
“Someone important wants to talk with you,” he answered and then added as he unlocked his bunker door, “and he’s in a ramblin’ mood tonight.”
What I saw inside his bunker was an ongoing live holographic meeting with the immortal Cosmo. I must say it was rendered extremely well, so well in fact that the man was actually marching about the room and pulled up a chair to sit down on with his legs comfortably crossed.
“Master Curran, it’s such a pleasure to finally have a chance to meet with you. My colleague Kingsley has had so many fine things to say about you. How are you this evening?”
“I’m good sir.”
“Are most of your needs being met young man aside for another weapon or two that might be useful? We’ve worked very hard these past two weeks assembling the two you have. If we had a few more weeks to work with there would be more weapons but our intemperate enemy is onto us.
“There is going to be an attack and in all likelihood within the next two to three days. Are you alright with that? I have to ask; it’s only right.”
“Yes sir. I came to realize that I’d be on the front line of something like this - months ago.” 
“And why may I ask?”
“Through happenstance sir, I’ve found myself chosen by my own people. All of those crazy events that took place over the past year that wear my name - I really had no control over them. They just happened and I just did what I thought to be as the right thing to do at the time. Just like when all of this got started: there’s no going back after something like that; there is only going forward.”
“And that was Shelby? That was your home? Is that right Kingsley?”
Kingsley nodded.
“Well I don’t think it was happenstance Curran. You’re a leader plain and simple. I meet lots of them.
“Do you know what I like to consider myself?
“A leader sir?”
“I wish,” sighed Cosmo, “One needs to be young to be paid attention to these days.
“I consider myself a patron of democracy. I can’t do a damn thing without the help of men who have great ideas or men who are great leaders. All I can do is keep supporting the right things and the right men.
“You know Curran, many years ago and to be more precise about five hundred years ago it was thought that a world population on Earth of ten billion would bring on Armageddon, but it didn’t. It happened at twelve billion and it wasn’t the bloody Armageddon that men had been dreading for millennia – it was a mass migration, an enormous human diaspora, - to whatever rock that a colony could possibly cling to in space. You gave up your Earthly citizenship to become a colonist, a serf, an employee, a chattel, a peon or a vassal just to find a future because there wasn’t one here.
“They were at their wits end here back then. And here we are once again.”
“Yes sir. I see what you are saying.”
“Heavens, you are the very antithesis of a very difficult man I know named Mah. In all my five hundred years I have never encountered a more unrealistic man as he. He’s no leader; he’s someone’s appointee. He’s not been chosen by his own people, he’s been enlisted by a team of elites. You my young man have been chosen by your own people. They’ve chosen to follow you rather than them and that’s all that matters.
“Is there anything that I can help you with? Is there anything that I can offer you? Do you have any worries?”
“I have guardianship of a young boy. I worry for him,” I answered.
“Ivan. He’s a rascal I hear. Kingsley has told me all about him.”
“Yes he is a bit of a rascal at times,” I said.
“I can’t offer any real help in that matter until things become more fluid. But I will say this: you might think that the city’s matter transporter might become a primary target for certain destruction by an invading force; that’s not the case. I know for a fact that the matter transporter will remain intact because it’s been spoken for by a very large, near space corporation. They want it to transport limestone. Apparently, limestone is the new gold these days. Keep your loved ones close to that matter transporter because there will be no safer place in my mind once all hell breaks loose.”
And with that he got up on his feet and excused himself because he and the Beagle were required somewhere else.
“Good day and god-speed to you young man,” said Cosmo and he walked out of view.
Kingsley looked towards me and said reassuringly, “There will be an evacuation once an attack becomes a foregone conclusion is more or less what Cosmo means; the children will go first. I’d make some plans for that scenario. Perhaps Peg could help?”
“Yah,” I answered automatically, but I was still processing the last five minutes.
“I didn’t know he was that tall?” I asked.
“Yeah, five hundred years ago it was pretty common to be two to two meters or so tall. He played basket ball back then if I remember correctly,” answered Kingsley.
“Those weren’t basket ball shoes he was wearing; were they?”
“No. Those are moccasins. He finds them comfortable – he’s got big feet,” said Kinsley with a grin.
“He’s an odd man but there is no other immortal out there like him; he’s very passionate about his beliefs.” 
“I think I’ll do as you suggested and talk to Peg,” I said while I looked towards the door.
“I’ll see you tomorrow.”
I had Peg come visit at my bunker and I told her that it was of some importance. It was not the kind of conversation that you could have electronically so we found an out of the way spot for our chat. I think she resented the fact that Ivan’s other guardian wasn’t more involved with his personal safety, but I was going to be of more use to him holding the front line than getting him onto a matter transporter in timely manner.
“It’s going to be pandemonium at the matter transporter Curran; everyone will want to leave this place at once, said Peg.
“The authorities can barely contain the riots and melees that are going on now – and the attack hasn’t begun yet,” she said while throwing her hands up.
Peg began running her hands through her hair nervously but this was actually a good sign because it meant that she was already visualising a solution. She was thinking hard and she could be a very determined individual once challenged.
“Okay; but this is just shit. He’s just a little boy and he’s been through so much. I never thought that it would come to this. This man is a psychopath. This is not how you treat people!”
“I swear I’ll do my best to stop him,” I said.
“I know you will,” and we hugged.


*****


The news at the front the next day was not good. Mah had successfully installed reconnaissance commandos of his own on the island and they had already found one of our lines that we had run down to the march’s reception area. It was this path that would allow an invader the most direct route to the city so we had been definitely been dealt a setback.
“Destroy it Curran and as far out as you can. They will simply use that line reversely and deliver a weapon here,” ordered Kingsley.
Alba and I caved the line in at three different places along its route with explosive charges. We started a replacement line that ran much deeper and of course it was more problematic to bore than the one that had been discovered by Mah’s patrols the night before. And as Lyle liked to say: time was of the essence again. Patrols were sent out to hunt down the insurgency and new lookouts had to be put in place of those that had been put out of commission over night by Mah’s own patrols.
The general was out there with his team of mius and they alone were our only real mobile deterrent. The city had plenty of poorly trained men and I bet a dozen commercial use stingers, but without real heaters or armour; the stingers were of little match against Mah and his crab-shells. 
The warheads meant for my two lines can only be detonated at ten kilometers or more from the city’s perimeter. The blast and heat that they would create could actually negatively impact our own defenses if they were detonated any closer. It was going to take two days to get a line that far out and Lyle now wanted a backup line to be started for the other line. I can’t say that I disagree with him but if we only have a few days or less there simply isn’t enough time.


*****


I haven’t slept in twenty four hours; I’m beat. Even Chakka is tired. The new lines are coming but ever so slowly. The general has been by and he announced triumphantly that his team had just destroyed one of Mah’s patrols.
“They’re getting bolder,” he said, “but our own patrols are presently holding their own but only for the use of the dogs.
“These are clever animals,” he added.
“If they catch the scent of hydraulic oil in the air; they’re all over them in a heartbeat. They are way better than the old lot; these guys are trained to keep themselves just out of harm’s way when they find the enemy. And the racket they make reminds me of - a good pack of coon hounds!”
I don’t know how many mius are in a patrol – four? Six? Eight? But there are going to be hundreds to deal with shortly; you can almost taste it in the air – its fear. 
Peg got a hold of me to inform me that the registration process had been started for all children younger than ten years old for emergency evacuation; fertile women were to register next and then followed by the elderly and infirm. She also told me that the mayor had gone missing and a new one was being sworn in. And, JUNCKE, the Golden Hearts and the media were all packing up their gear and getting out of town. Things were moving fast. I wished her luck as she and little Ivan were about to head off to the queues forming at the matter transporter. She said she would keep me up to date as their situation changed.
“It could be tomorrow morning. It won’t be today or through the night I’m pretty sure of that. Hopefully we get another day – but it’s coming soon and that’s for certain,” said Kingsley.
“Aren’t you scared?” I asked him.
“Yeah and no; it’s never much fun having an unpleasant ending to your life but I’m here willingly.
“How about you?” asked Kingsley.
“Yeah, I’m scared but I’ve sworn to myself that I’m going to be part of the solution. I’m going to stop as many of those damn mius as I possibly can,” I answered.
The New Euron smiled. His face was glowing as he looked back at me. It was like he was in a warm yellow spotlight or maybe it was just the lighting in my bunker but it was flattering; he looked handsome and like he’d never had a drink in his life.
“Curran, how’s that ear piece of yours?”
“It’s good,” and I cupped my ear with my hand to check that it was still there as was my habit since Ruby glued it there.
“Cosmo and I have a hunch and I need to check on a few things out there. I’ll be heading out just after dusk. I need you to be ready should I call.”
“I’ll be ready Kingsley. Stay safe,” I said.
He nodded and headed off to his bunker.
I had a few hours to rest; Alba offered to extend her shift for me, but once the sun went down she was to come and get me.
I couldn’t sleep; there was just too much to worry about. I studied my favorite images of little Ivan. I revisited Shelby in my head. I tossed and I turned but I couldn’t get any rest. There was just a siege of morals hammering at me from all sides as I lay there. Did I do the right thing? Had I screwed up? What’s going to happen to Peg and Ivan? What’s going to happen tomorrow? Are we all going to die?
I put Alba’s kit on; she used it all the time to sleep. But I fought it because what if I just have a fucking nightmare instead of some real sleep? Thankfully the couple of hours I had for rest went by quick enough and Alba came to get me.
“Are you scared?” she asked.
I think I’m going to hear that question a lot for the next day I thought to myself, and I answered, “Yeah.”
“Me too,” answered Alba who curiously also had a glow about her; she was practically vibrating in a yellow glow.
“What’s the matter?” she asked as she must have noticed me staring at her.
“Nothing,” I lied, “I couldn’t sleep,” I added.
“It’s no wonder,” she said. “I heard that they’ve started evacuations. I hope your Ivan gets out of here in time. He doesn’t need to see this shit,” added Alba in a conciliatory manner.
“Has the general been around?” I asked.
“He was. He was looking for coffee. He made a fresh pot. He said he was going into town to see the new mayor... You heard about that?”
“Yeah.”
“He was going to talk to the new mayor about emptying the jails; he said there were some good conscripts in there.”
“Just as well I suppose.”
“Some of them are captured New Euron troopers; Republican infantry even I heard,” said Alba.
“As long as they don’t turn on us; it’s fine with me,” I said.
The more the merrier is a good thing as far as I see it.
It was quite quiet for hours or so it seemed into the night shift. I had not heard from Kingsley which I also thought was a good thing. Peg had checked in and little Ivan was on a list to be shipped off planet but the matter transporter was very busy. It would normally only move a thousand people per hour; it was doing about fifteen hundred an hour and interestingly there were volunteers - as in fighters for our cause coming in to bolster the city’s defenses.
I’ve been checking my lines for integrity every couple of hours just in case one becomes compromised. I now have three devices; one large one for a north eastern attack and two smaller devices for my now shorter lines to the south east. Lyle figured that the two could be used together or independently depending on how far out we can get with our new lines. We have lines that currently run five kilometers out in that direction which I think is still too close to the city but maybe we’ll have seven kilometers by the morning – we’ll see.
The general was by at the crack of dawn as was his custom; he’d been up all night and seemed quite chipper despite that.
“I got em. And what a rag tag bunch they are. I had three good New Euron techs and just as soon as I armed them; two of them went for a neck grenade and blew their own heads off – just like that. They don’t screw around them New Eurons.”
“How’s your night been?”
“Quiet,” I answered.
“It’s bloody bedlam in town. There are neighborhood rooftops connected by zip lines and jerry-built bridges all over the place. Doorways have been sand-bagged; they got everything going on at once down there but bloody tar pots!”
“The matter transporter?”
“Workin’ overtime as far as I could tell. Here, I brought you something; they’re handing these out like candy down there,” said the general and he held out a familiar looking package of Antzi.
I took the package of patches from him and put it on my desk top.
“I don’t know about that stuff Curran but before I capitulate to one of Mah’s mius I plan on trying some.”
“I need my wits while I’m working in here. I can’t take that shit,” I said.
“Of course you do, but once you’re done blowing stuff up like me; you might want to go down fighting.”
“Have you heard anything from Kingsley?” I asked.
“No; nothing yet.”
“Well, if nothing’s happening I’m taking five with my kit.”
General Thompson paused at the door and looked back at me, “You know son; we’re not a lost cause yet. They’re going to get a good fight.”
And I swear it looked as though he had a halo about his head.


*****


There are a thousand of us spread out along an earth works line that runs for ten kilometers. There are chain gunners, pike men, light rifle men and dozens of support people. We are the front line; behind us are another thousand or so who are armed with nothing more than antique fire arms, maltovs, pikes and clubs. After that, it’s street fighting.
Twice a day we are to take our positions in a drill. The front line can assemble in five minutes. The general wants it to be done in three. He screams his orders at the top of his lungs from his elevated perch in his giant man-machine. Not a shot is to be fired until he says so – or else.
They brought the Moose up front for the first drill but he made such a fuss that they didn’t bring him back for the drills that followed. The Moose doesn’t like rehearsals. At least that’s what he was yelling to whoever he got sight of.
Ruby has Alba and I locked up and sealed-in in the bunker. The bunker’s entrance door has been doubled and re-enforced. There is a grenade trap set in between the double doors to buy some time in case we need it.
There is a lot of tension in the air during the drills yet most of the faces I see have sunny expressions on them if you know what I mean; Ruby, Alba for instance but not the Moose so much he just looks like his same miserable self.
We dare not continue running anymore lines because we know we’re being watched. We will simply have to do our best with what we have. 
Between the drills - time just dripped by ever so slowly; you could almost hear it. I spent some time reading the instructions and warning labels on the package of Antzi that the general had left for me. Alba said she doesn’t use that shit; she’d lose her licence. 
It was apparently Lyle’s latest version that had a new blood stop feature added to it. The warnings were lengthy: repeated use can cause a heart attack or stroke, medical assistance was required for cessation, liver damage, kidney damage, dehydration, tremors, permanent psychosis and the list went on.
The operating instructions were simple enough; you simply stick one on a bare arm or leg and give it a slap to get it going, and repeat with another slap until you have the desired results. When you were done you pull them off and call for a doctor. 
“Your body is a temple Curran. You never put shit into it,” cussed Alba.
I’m pretty sure she’s absolutely correct, but if one of those damn things is coming after you; you’re going to have a sudden epiphany.
“Curran,” I looked around the dimly lit bunker for Kingsley.
“What?” I said aloud and Alba’s eyes were locked on me.
“It’s happening. I have some co ordinates for you. It needs to be above ground my friend. You can do that right?”
“Yes. It’ll add about a minute to the operation. Is that okay?”
I could hear the commotion of a call to arms above me.
“Yes. It’s the B-line.”
I dropped the drill head in and sent it on its way.
“Use the heavy war head.”
I waited for the seconds to pass and then Alba and I sent the heavy warhead on its way. I had a minute to make a gentle vertical ahead of the weapon.
“It’s on its way Kingsley. What’s out there?”
“It’s their support: stingers, heavy heaters, a lot of munitions and a command center. There’s a lot of money here.”
“If that’s the support where is the main column?”
“I think they’re going to come up to meet your front line. I haven’t heard from any of our patrols out that way for an hour now.”
“Kingsley, you take care.”
“I will my friend.”
I had a hand on an alarm button that would give the city one minute to prepare for an imminent blast; I had the other on a joy stick guiding the progress of the vertical line being run ahead of the weapon. It all had to be choreographed just perfectly. I sounded the blast alarm.
Alba stared at my progress with big wide open eyes. There was nothing for her to do until Mah’s miu’s arrived.
“So, this is it?” Alba asked.
I put a helmet on.
“Yep. Prepare for a blast in ten seconds.”
I took a kneeling position on the floor in front of the control desk. A low rumble began and it increased into a good rattler; cups shook off the tops of tables and such but the lighting stayed up.
“Kingsley?” I called out.
There was no answer.
“Curran?”
It was Ruby.
“Yes Ruby,” I answered.
“Are your systems up?”
“Yes Ruby. I’m good here. Hey, how’d we do with that detonation?” I answered.
“I have no idea. The general has reported a column of two thousand miu’s moving at full throttle towards our front line. Estimated ETA in nine minutes.”
“Do you want me to send the two remaining warheads out there?”
“How far out are the new lines?” asked Ruby.
“Seven, seven and half “K”.
“That’s just too close. We’ll lose too many of our own out here. Go to your secondary mission.”
“Consider it done Ruby,” I answered.
My secondary mission is what I do best. I personally have two hundred and fifty smaller devices to explode as that column approaches our front line after that - I’m an infantry man.
“How are you doing Alba?”
“I’m okay. This is moving awful fast Curran,” said Alba her voice wavering.
“Take deep breaths and watch your view finder Alba. I’m here with you; keep that in mind Alba.”
She switched her communications to speaker. There was a poor signal but it was the general and you could just hear his voice over the rattle of his team’s chain guns.
“General Thompson here; there’s more crab-shells out here than a man can shake a stick at. I’ll be down to fighting with my own fisticuffs within the minute. General Thompson bidding you all: adieu!”
Where’s Ivan? Where’s Peg? I have no idea if they’re up top yet. I haven’t heard from her in two hours and at that time they were still waiting in a queue to board a transport. I tried to reach them again – but nothing.
“Curran, - take a look at your view finder!”
It was nuts. There had to be more than two thousand miu’s closing in on us. We’re only going to get a fraction of them by the time they hit our trenches.
At about a kilometer before our first line of mines the attacking column split up into single file streams to negate our weapons’ impact.
“They got us figured out Alba. Do your best,” I said.
Our fraction was becoming smaller. I started detonating the mines as best I could. I had some mobile charges that I can use more strategically but not until they’re almost within eyesight.
“How you doin Alba?”
“Not so good Curran. Most of the little fuckers are getting through!”
It was beginning to look like a serious hand to iron conflict in a few minutes.
“I got an array set up at the top of the trenches. We’ll clean some up there if they change their orientation!”
“Curran?”
It was Ruby.
“How’s it going? I hear a lot of fireworks.”
“Not good Ruby. Expect to get slammed hard!” I shouted.
“Great,” answered a disappointed Ruby.
Who would think that they’d do a full out charge like this? Maybe they don’t have any central command. And then they slowed to almost a full stop. 
“They’re making a line, Alba.”
At this point they are likely going to crawl on their bellies, tunnel or both. A fog went up. No matter, - at full throttle for the past half hour there’s plenty of heat to slow them up.
“What about your array?” asked Alba.
“They’re just shy of it of course. I’m going to save it for their second line – maybe I’ll get fifty; I don’t know.”
Then they charged our front line – about a hundred of them. We could see some of it on our viewfinder. And you could actually hear the Moose; he sounded like a crazed grizzly. All twenty of the general’s chain guns were just churning up the forward trench into clouds of dust and debris. It went on for a couple of minutes and then stopped. There was already a breach about five kilometers to the north of us.
I timed one minute and thirty seconds and then I set off the array. The business side of our trench erupted into cheers. I heard calls for more pike men. 
Who in their right mind would volunteer for such a thing? I wondered.
Then another minute passed and a reinforced line of attackers came over the top of the trench wall again. There were twice as many of them this time and you could clearly hear that some of our chain guns had gone silent.
“They’re breaching our line Curran!”
“Yup. Our job is pretty much done here, Alba.”
“What’s next?” asked Alba.
“We get the hell out of here before some of those Miu’s get into our bunker.”
No sooner having said that there was a commotion at the door to our bunker. And then it started. I hadn’t heard that noise since almost Shelby. It was a miu’s pneumatic bolt rattling our outer double door.
Alba jumped towards it.
“I got this Curran.”
She patiently waited with a grenade in her hand and when the outer door was breached she activated the timed grenade and tossed it through a dump hole above the second door. She looked back at me and smiled radiantly if you know what I mean and then the steel door blew in and crushed her death just like that. I guess the grenade detonated some munitions on the miu and the blast was just too much for the door.
Sigh.
I inspected the doorway and staircase and they were caved in real well with sand and cinder blocks up to the top step of the staircase. It was going to take me a good thirty minutes to dig myself out. The dust in the air wasn’t going to make the job any easier. I started digging; it was dig or suffocate, so I got busy digging.
After five minutes of digging it was starting to look futile. I was missing the battle up top. I could hear nothing in the way of communications. I kept clawing at the dirt in the staircase and pushing it out of the way and all the while I was just beside myself in fear and disappointment that I wasn’t doing my share. 
“Where’s Ivan?” I found myself crying repeatedly.
He and Peg could be dying while I’m trapped in here.
I went to the table and grabbed the box of Antzi. Pulled out a patch and slapped it on my arm and went back to digging myself out of this hell hole.
I went crazy. I was moving like a machine. I was like some kind of human badger! In a couple of minutes I could hear some distant voices and smell whiffs of disgusting battlefield air. But before I moved the last of the debris blocking my exit I went back into the bunker and grabbed the rest of the Antzi and Alba’s powered pike.
One more big fucking rock and I’m going to kick some ass as soon as I get out of here.
Once I was out, I had a look around me. I could see like an eagle for kilometers wherever I looked and it looked like a war had gone on here and I had fucking missed it.
“Curran!”
I looked down into the trenches behind me; it was Moose sitting up in a morass of broken bodies. It was like beholding a bloody angel in my eyes. I swear he appeared saintly.
“Moose!”
He was in poor shape; there was miu hydraulic oil and blood smeared all over him and one of his knee caps had popped out obtusely and rested behind his leg. He could see me looking at him with pity.
“It’s nothing give me a hand,” said the giant.
He got up wincing.
“Do you have any Antzi my friend?”
I tossed him a patch and he slapped it about ten times on his leg before he pushed his dislocated knee cap back into its place.
“I need something to bind it with,” he groaned and he tore some fabric from a nearby dead body and wrapped his knee with it.
“Good as new,” said the giant. 
“Do you have a plan Curran?”
“I’m going downtown. Are you coming?”
He tore a few more patches off another body he uncovered in the pile of dead bodies that he had formerly been sitting waist deep in.
“He doesn’t need it anymore. Thank you boss,” said the Moose and he tossed the broken and lifeless body back onto its pile.
“Ready?”
“Yup.”
“We follow the dogs Curran. They’ll tell us where the trouble is,” said Moose as he caught up with me as I headed down the road to the city.
We could hear dogs barking at maybe a hundred meters ahead of us.
“That’s our first stop,” said a grinning Moose.
What we found were three mius with one of the team having a mounted crab-shell and they were transporting a heavy weapon. I’m not sure but it looked like a good sized heat ray cannon of some sort that they were transporting. The dogs were annoying the shit out of them. Moose threw a rock ahead of them and they hunkered down and shot ahead of themselves. Hey, I would too.
We charged them from behind and Moose had two of them beaten into a pile of composite pulp in no time. I struck the third in the back with Alba’s pike but it didn’t quite stop him so I wormed it in between his back plate and head and shorted him out with a good charge of some DC. Once I was done I looked over to my comrade who was stomping the lights out of the crab-shell.
I pointed ahead.
“You hear well, Curran,” said Moose with a vile smile.
“Follow the dogs,” I said.
“Follow the dogs,” said Moose.
We followed the same group of dogs until we made it to the city’s defensive line. It too was in tatters and there were dogs calling for us in all directions.
“They’ve been very thorough Moose, there’s not a body here that’s not had a bolt put through it,” I said as we inspected the carnage.
Moose was going through the fallen collecting patches from their mutilated bodies.
“Curran, we’ll need these if we’re going down town,” and he waived in his hand the patches that he had collected from the corpses of the fallen defenders of Vancouver Island’s first defensive line.
I couldn’t. It didn’t seem right.
“Slap your patch Curran. You’re getting low,” said Moose.
I did and after a few slaps I was alright with picking a few patches off some dead bodies. I’m sure these guys would want us to fight on.
“Moose will show you. Moose will show you how to kill miu’s and win!” hollered the giant.
The dogs of the city of Vancouver Island were apparently fearless, - no sooner than when the Moose and I had finished with one team of Mah’s mius, the dogs would be barking and yelping at another group of mius. Moose and I had to stop sometimes just to clean the slippery hydraulic oil off ourselves that oozed out of these things as we killed them. 
“They don’t seem too focused on their rear, Moose. It’s like shooting fish in a barrel back here behind them. It’s too easy.”
“Good for you; good for me!” said Moose.
And soon we were in a pickle when we found too many at once. I dodged more than a dozen bolts in a matter of seconds but I got my lot under control yet just as I did there was flash and Moose just fell like a stone. He’d been hit by a light heater strike; it pretty much cooked the upper half of him. I got his attacker and twisted its commander’s off of its back, spat in its eye and stomped it good.
Now it’s just me. I can hear dogs barking over to my right. Do I go after them or do I march straight ahead and downtown to where the city would need me most?
I took a big patch off a part of my old friend that wasn’t incinerated by the heat ray strike and slapped it onto my chest. When in doubt; ask the patch I figured and I continued ahead and downtown.
I could see flames erupting here and there in the distance and especially where the city was built up. Plumes of acrid smoke were wafting up above and into a westerly direction out to sea. Unlike Shelby, a city won’t burn down because real cities even ones with a population of a few thousand - use construction materials that are inflammable. You can toss incendiaries around wherever you like and nothing will catch fire, but our enemy however – he doesn’t much like the heat.
This was becoming a lot like Shelby and I’m just starting to fucking enjoy it. I started whistling a little tune as I hurried along; I was going downtown and not for the shopping. I hear there’s a big fucking party going on down there!
Well, I know I’m not thinking straight but I’ve been killing Mah’s miu’s for about an hour now and I’ve seen no sign of any support or reinforcements coming up from behind me, so the weapon I sent along the B line must have hit its mark. If it wasn’t for Kingsley I’d be a dead man by now and this battle would be long over. 
The first residential streets I encountered appeared to be abandoned. There was little sign of conflict or life anywhere but as I continued along I could hear light weapons and explosions off in the distance. I saw a zip line strung across an intersection and it appeared that it was used to drop an incendiary below judging by the scorched patch beneath it.
I came upon some bodies of dead civilians and a couple of burnt miu’s here and there but it was obvious that most of the current conflict was taking place elsewhere and likely closer to the downtown core. And it just so happens that a certain matter transporter that I’d really like to visit is also down there.
I slapped another patch on and picked up my pace. And all of a sudden I got myself a real hard on for that matter transporter.
I’m coming. I’m coming for you Ivan. I’m coming for you.


*****


The city builds up quickly once you get into its core; I turned a corner and suddenly I was looking at bedlam. It was a carnival of lights and action, billowing smoke and dancing flames. There were people swinging on ropes like monkeys. There were people up on rooftops and balconies hurling incendiaries down below at Mah’s marauding mius. Some parts of the streets were literally ponding with accelerants aflame. There was gun fire. There were light heater strikes. I’m not sure but I suspect the city’s communications and air defense facilities were nearby. Why else would there be such a concerted effort of destruction going on between the two sides here.
I carefully crept closer and I could see that all of the buildings’ doors had been sand bagged and sealed. Someone above spotted my progress and threw a rope down to me. He disappeared I suppose to get help with pulling me up. I didn’t need any help; I slapped some patches and climbed up that wall and surprised a half a dozen civilians who were hurling bottles of accelerant down onto the street below.
“Who are you?” called out an elder from the group.
“I’m Curran.” I shouted.
“The waterman?” asked a younger voice.
“That’s me.”
They looked at me with a little bit of awe and frankly some disbelief. Thankfully, I finally met some people who didn’t have fucking saintly auras about them. 
I smiled.
“How can I help?”
“Do you got a good arm?” asked one.
“Our best men are gone,” said another.
I walked over to the edge of the roof where people of all ages were hurling maltovs and even bricks in some cases over its edge and onto the street.
A person who appeared to be supervising came over to me and said to me, “If they get around the corner they’ll have a clear shot at the city’s communication center!” and he pointed to a difficult to reach area where as many as a dozen mius were hunkered down and waiting the defenders out. 
I interrupted a young woman carrying an incendiary in her hand to the edge of the rooftop.
“May I try that?”
“Be my guest,” she said.
It was well made and meant to be thrown like an axe. It had a nice strong handle to it. I went to the roof’s edge, focused my mind and body on a meter square area that looked like the best place to land it and I hurled the bomb and it hit its target directly. There were cheers when the flames erupted and when I turned around another incendiary was placed into my now empty hand. I threw it too and directly on top of the last one.
Miu’s don’t burn very well but they are vulnerable to heat. It’s hard for anything to see through flames and mius in general tend to lose their shit intellectually and scatter when it gets too hot for them. And that’s what some of them did but their commander hung on and attacked the edge of our rooftop with two heat ray strikes and we had to pull back.
A few of the group disappeared over the damaged roof edge but that didn’t stop the others from hurling more incendiaries over the side to keep the inferno going on down below.
“How many are left down there?” I asked.
“Five or six maybe,” volunteered the young lady.
“Does that zip line still work?” I asked pointing to a line that ran across the street to another rooftop.
“It’s jammed. I think it’s the heat from the flames licking up at it,” added the supervisor.
“What are you thinking” he asked?
I slapped a patch.
“I think that I’d like to take out a couple of them from up here somewhere,” and I pointed across the way, “and then go down and clean them up,” I said.
“That’s crazy,” he said.
“I like crazy,” and I slapped another patch.
“There’s a bridge of sorts that goes over to that building and then another to that one. That would give you a clear shot at them,” he said.
A bridge of sorts was an exaggeration. It appeared to be secure at my end but I have no idea if it was secure at the other end. It had been tacked together in a hurry by someone who wasn’t an engineer – that’s for sure.
“Is there anything over there that I can throw at them?” I asked.
“There should be. We can give you a couple to carry in a satchel if you like,” answered the elder.
“I’ll do it.”
“Put a bag together for the waterman. We’ll see what we got to give yah,” the elder called out to a crew who were bottling accelerant.
I got two of my favorite incendiaries and a real grenade; I was thrilled.
No railings, no worries; and I ran across the makeshift bridge to the neighboring rooftop and I didn’t give a thought to its sagging as I proceeded. There were cheers again as I jumped onto the neighboring rooftop. I got the attention of the miu commander down below and he sent a stream of his precious projectiles up my way.
Now, - onto the next roof. I think that crab-shell was starting to put things together; he sent another stream of projectiles into the bridge remaining between me and him. I slapped a few patches and ran full out across the second bridge; it groaned a little at first as I put some spring into my steps. I knew they would be coming and I could hear them whistling through the air around me as I dodged another volley of projectiles coming from down below.
I wasted no time and tossed both incendiaries down on top of them and that ended their party abruptly.
There were no more mius left to worry about here and I stood still for a moment and waved to my old comrades across the street as they cheered. There were dogs calling off in another direction but I could see the matter transporter’s tower just a few streets over and it was calling me too, and pretty much by my name. I slapped a few patches and headed off towards the matter transporter; it looked untouched just as Cosmo suggested it would be and I could hear Ivan and Peg calling for me within my heart as I ran.
Ivan, Ivan, Ivan, beat my heart.


*****


The din of battle behind me diminished as I proceeded down an empty city street. I don’t know if it would take me directly to the matter transporter but it was heading in the right direction. After passing several intersections and seeing and hearing virtually no signs of human or miu activity for at least five minutes I suddenly heard the call of a little dog yapping furiously. I looked about for the source of the barking and then I spotted a little white terrier down near the end of an alley.
He wouldn’t stop yapping. It was like he was calling me to come help him with an urgent matter. I went to investigate and I followed the little mutt who resembled Mister Siva’s white terrier back in Shelby who saved the day back then. He led me to what appeared to be a kennel of sorts and I quickly sorted it out to be one of many that had become popular with our marchers for aiding the fight against the man-machines and mius that terrorized us back then.
I entered the facility carefully because you don’t want to be caught in close quarters with a group of mius; it’s a death sentence. There were an alarmingly large number of dead dogs strewn about and after a bit of inspection it was clear that they had all been bolted. I wondered if it was the work of a bolt-head but in short order I determined that that wasn’t the case because I could hear the hissing of a much more sophisticated miu that was likely located deeper into the kennel.
Time to retreat. I can’t win here. But that damn dog kept yapping and as far as I’m concerned he was making a concerted effort to bring the miu’s attention to me.
“Shh... Shh.. You little shit,” I whispered as I started my retreat to the street. 
The street is a better place for this.
But in a second or two there was a miu running full bore at me down a hallway. I swear he was running up the sides of the walls to get over the dead dog bodies that littered the way and had slickened the floor’s surface with their blood.
I ducked into an open door. It was a kitchen or someplace where they prepared meals for the animals.
I missed him with a swing from a steel bar I had been carrying for beating mius with. He had me cornered. I grabbed a chair; it was only thing that was sturdy that I could get my hands onto. He was on top of me in a second. His bolt activated and came through the back of the chair missing me by a few millimeters. There was this ugly blood shot eye staring at me from the crab-shell commander perched on the miu’s shoulder.
Then that little white dog jumped up on the back of the miu and snatched the crab-shell and ran off with it in his mouth. The attacking miu hesitated for a split second and I started hammering its face with a steel dog food bowl I found with a free hand. I managed to beat it blind but it was still a very much alive and dangerous weapon as it whipped around the room seeking me out by sound and deduction.
I leapt from counter top to table top to counter top looking for something of substance to beat this thing to death with and all the while this machine followed me around the room trying to put its bolt through me. Finally, I just started throwing anything I could find from the cupboards and off shelves to confuse it and litter the floor with obstacles to slow its movement and that allowed me to back out of the room and into the hall way where I found a good makeshift cudgel and I re-entered the room and beat the damn artificial intelligence out of it.
I slapped my patches. I was weak and really bruised up. The little white dog was sitting and looking at me like he was taking credit for all of this.
“You and I are not friends anymore,” I told him.
A young boy’s face appeared around a door frame down the hallway. He’d be a little younger than Ivan. He had that look. He looked like a Nutter child. Figures, - it wouldn’t be likely that he’d be a candidate for the evacuation.
“Are you okay, son?” I asked.
Now it makes more sense. The little dog wanted me to rescue the boy.
“Yes,” he replied and there was no glow about his face, he was just a very frightened young boy.
“Your guardians?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” he responded choking back tears of worry.
“That’s a clever dog you have,” I said.
He nodded.
“Maybe you could help me,” I asked him.
He nodded.
“What’s your name?”
“Tyson,” he said.
“I appear to be standing in a pool of my own blood. Perhaps you could help wrap this hole in me.”
He nodded.
How can you get bolted and not know it? I guess it happens if you haven’t damaged an important organ or severed an artery. I guess he got me at some point in our tussle because I had a hole in my belly but no exit hole behind me because Tyson and I had a good look for one. So much for Lyle’s blood stop additive – or maybe it is working inside me somewhere that I can’t see. 
"What's that?" I asked.
Tyson had found a severed ear on the floor. He was holding it up like it was a dangling medal between two fingers.
"Hey that's mine," I said.
 It had Ruby's communication button still stuck to it. Tyson offered it to me and I put it on a nearby table top.
"Thank you. I got two of those anyhow," I said and I smiled at the boy.
Tyson helped bandage me up and I told him that I was heading to the matter transporter and that I thought it might be a good place for him to wait out the battle.
“Do you want to come along?” I asked him.
“Can I bring Lucky?”
“Certainly, we might need him,” I said.
You know - I think every Nutter’s dog I’ve met is called Lucky. 
The three of us followed a back alley and side street shortcut that Tyson knew and by the looks and sounds of it the battle for the city was still an ongoing concern. We didn’t see any more mius or even people for that matter while we carefully and quietly made our way through these alleys and back ways so not to bring any unwanted attention to my young charge.
The matter transporter was a rather large facility. A great deal of it was situated beneath the ground and a control tower and ancillary structures and buildings of a storey or two surrounded a large open area in the facilities middle. Surrounding all of this were walls and fencing to keep the place secure.
Today, there was no reason for much security because without power and communications it had no strategic value. I found a gate that miraculously was latched as in closed but fortunately for us was unlocked. We entered the facility’s grounds after re-latching the gate behind us and ran furtively for somewhere to hide away from the facility’s wide open spaces.
“Tyson, listen to me. You can follow me further if you like, - but I might be doing some things that might endanger you or threaten your safety. I really think we should split up.”
“No. Mister Waterman. Don’t leave me,” Tyson pleaded.
Sigh.
“Tyson. I’ve only come here to find out about my boy, Ivan. I’m his guardian. I need to know if he made it out of here. Can you understand that? Look at me. I’m black and blue and bleeding.”
 I slapped a patch. 
“This is all that’s keeping me going. I’m a disaster. I’m going to die today. Can’t you see? Can’t you see that?”
“No,” said the boy.
“Look, - don’t you see a glow about my face?”
“No,” and he looked frightened as I continued to berate him.
“Tyson! I’m out of my mind. I’m not right son! You need to separate yourself from me. It’s what’s best for you.”
He shook his head no again.
Damn those stubborn Nutters.
“Okay then!” and I silently pressed on with my search for the passenger departure assembly area of this matter transporter facility with this Nutter boy and his little white dog following me.
“Hey! You two. Where do you think you’re going? You’re going to get yourselves’ killed.”
I looked around and from a man door about twenty meters from me was a uniformed maintenance man. He looked to be quite elderly – sixty something, I’d say.
“Get over here,” he hollered again and he waived a beckoning arm.
“Let me take care of this, Tyson,” and I sized the guy up for a takedown.
“I’m on your side,” he shouted back at me as I timed my steps to hit him hard.
“The two of you will be dead in a minute if you are seen out here. Quick before they spot you,” he said and clearly unafraid that I was about to take him out, - but then I had a change of heart; this guy was actually for real.
Tyson and I entered the facility. It was enormous inside and illuminated by only the caretaker’s lamp he held. He pulled the door closed after admitting Lucky inside.
“My name is Archie. I work here. And I should be up top where it’s safe but I gave my seat to someone who needed it more than an old man does, so here I am.”
“This is Tyson and his pet - Lucky. I’m Curran – I’ve been fighting the fight out there.”
“The Curran? The waterman?”
“That’s me.”
“You look in need of a medical technician.”
“I bet I do, but what I want is a safe place for this young boy.”
“You’re not going to believe this, - but you’ve come to the right place. Follow me.”
We followed the talkative Archie through long wide open indoor thoroughfares and down staircases as he talked and illuminated our footsteps.
“When the power for the matter transporter went out, we were left with thousands of people who were left behind. Some I suppose went back home to wait out the battle or meet their fate. Some, - had nowhere to go and good number of them look just like your young friend here; he’ll be fine. 
“We’re going down to the catacombs as I call them. At last count there are fifteen hundred or so of them down there.”
“People?” I asked.
“Yep. Families. Newcomers. All kinds. And all down here. Out of sight and safe from the horror show up stairs. All guests of Archie,” he grinned.
He opened a big double door and we entered an enormous room illuminated by temporary lighting that revealed hundreds of people. Some awake, some asleep, some in conversation and all safe.
“That might be some of your kin over there Tyson,” said Archie pointing to a large group of Nutters by themselves in a corner of the huge room.
Tyson picked up Lucky and immediately headed over to them.
“That’s a beautiful sight,” said Archie.
“My partner is going to fall in love with me all over again when I tell her about all of this. If I ever get to see her again,” added the old man.
“You’ll see her again,” I said to him; there was no halo or glow about Archie’s face.
“Can I take you to the clinic? It’s all automated. I’m sure there is away to get it operating on emergency backup power.”
“No.” I said
He looked suspiciously at me with a furrowed yet quizzical raised brow.
“You look terrible. I don’t want to be the last person who spoke to: the waterman.”
“I need to see the records or a log for your departures. I’ve lost contact with my charge. His name is Ivan. He was here for the past two days in a long queue waiting for a spot on the matter transporter. I have to know that he is alright – or what may have happened to him. I have to. I absolutely have to.”
“Well...,” said Archie.
I know he was thinking hard and that there must be some danger in doing what was being asked of him.  I could only look at him with worry while he weighed what he had to in his mind.
“Let’s go,” he said and we left.
While we climbed some of the same staircases that we had descended just earlier I told him all I could about Peg and I and our joint guardianship of Ivan. I told him how we had marched for nearly a year to get here and that a good future for Ivan was what carried us along for all these months’ of struggle. I thought Archie was going to cry when I explained to him that besides ourselves; Ivan is all that we have left from our lives back in Shelby.
Our final steps had to be furtive because there were enormous walls of glass that contained the departure terminal and you could see smoke and flames still emanating from downtown. It looked like Armageddon out there.
“You know, - it looks terrible out there, but the last update that I had about the battle was that our team was doing good. We might win something more than just a pyrrhic victory from this nasty man called Mah. It’s not my nature to wish people ill will but I’ve personally wished him dead many times.”
Archie opened a high security door with his pass and we entered a room full of desks and work stations.
“There’s a way to power up just the individual work stations. This one here should do the job.” 
He found a toggle switch to energize the work station on backup power.
“We’re almost there. Let’s see if my credentials will open the passenger records. That’s the big maybe. Oh, there we go. The marvels of technology my friend. The marvels of technology. Right here at our finger tips.”
It was reasonably intuitive interface and we did a search for completed passengers over the last twenty-four hours.
“Are you okay Curran? You look a little blue.”
“I’m okay. I’m okay,” I reassured him.
But I wasn’t okay. I was feeling faint and the room would whirl about me if I turned my head too fast. Slapping the patches wasn’t helping but I slapped them anyways and smiled back at Archie.
“I’m searching for Ivan of Shelby. Does he have a vestigial status?”
“Yes.”
“And does he have a status number?”
“Ten, Ten, fifty-three, sixty-two,” I answered.
“There he is. There he is Curran. He’s gone up top. His status will be changing soon – he’s catching a honey-comb ferry to the thirteenth colony in just a few hours,” said an elated Archie.
Ooh man did a load come off my shoulders. I felt thrilled, but I was having trouble seeing.
“And your friend Peg, - let me look her up. That’s Elisabeth right?”
I ‘m sure that I answered yes but I was on cloud nine; Ivan was out of here. I couldn’t believe it. I had to see it. I had to see it for myself.
“And her number?”
I gave it to him. A minute went by.
“I can’t find her, Curran. I’m sorry.”
Oh well. I know what she wanted was what I wanted and that was to get Ivan off this planet. And it’s done. He’s up there.
“Maybe she’s down stairs in the catacombs?” suggested Archie.
“Thank you Archie. Thank you. You don’t know how happy you’ve made me,” I replied.
“I was kind of hoping we’d find her too, Curran.”
“I know you were.”
“Have you ever been to the Thirteenth Colony, Archie?”
“Yes I have. I spent ten years there.”
“Is it a nice place?”
“Oh yeah.”
“Does it have good schools?”
“Some of the best I’ve heard.”
“Can I see the record for Ivan?”
“Sure. Here have a look.”
“Where’s Ivan?” I asked.
Archie pointed to a graphic on the work station screen.
I couldn’t see very well but I cried as I looked at the blurry screen.
I picked a patch off.
Then I picked another one off.
“Hey Curran, what are you doing now?” complained Archie.
I then pulled the big one off my chest.
My body was just burning with pain now.
“If you keep picking those things off yourself, you’re going to kill yourself, Curran. They’re keeping you going,” he said in a raised voice.
“Don’t you put them back on me, Archie,” I pleaded.
He began saying something to me but I could no longer hear his voice.


The End















