
The Gentile Witness Series
Book II
Elijah
By
Samuel David


SMASHWORDS EDITION
* * * * *
PUBLISHED BY:
Darrell Jordan on Smashwords
The Gentile Witness Book II Elijah
Copyright © 2010 by Darrell Jordan
Smashwords Edition License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.
Copyright © 2010, 2014 by Darrell Jordan




All rights reserved as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher. 
Jordan Saver Books 
2055 Cottonwood Road 
Fischer, Texas 78623

Request for permission to make copies of any part of this work should be mailed to Permissions Department, Jordan Enterprises, 2055 Cottonwood Road, Fischer Texas, 78623. 


ISBN-13: 978-1502585844 
ISBN-10: 1502585847 
All prices for electronic, paperback, or hard copy are subject to change.  
Disclaimer:
This book and its contents are a work of fiction. All the characters and or places and or companies referred to are a part of the Author’s imagination.  
All ideas, concepts, and story lines are the sole property of the Author.  
Use of biblical scripture in this book and its interpretation is the Author’s only and not necessarily that of other scholars. 
If you have not read book one, we suggest you do. Chapter one starts where book one ended. We have priced book one as low as possible so you can either download or obtain a copy of the book. 
Dedicated to my family for their
Inspiration and support;
Especially that of my wife.





























Commentary:
The Gentile Witness Book II, Elijah
Welcome to the second book of the Gentile Witness series. As in book one, I believe that tribulation will occur when these two men from God appear. However, even if you do not believe that this begins the time of tribulation and are a diehard Rapture believer, maybe this writing will give you a different perspective.  
The only one clear reference in the Bible as a starting point of tribulation is in Revelations 11:3 (King James Version) 
3And I will give [power] unto my two Witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand two hundred [and] threescore days, clothed in sackcloth. 
Note that this verse covers the first half of tribulation or 1,260 days. During this time, based on the verses, they have control over the earth. Like Moses, they control the weather, can cause plagues, control the earth itself, and they cannot be harmed.  
These verses are what prompted us to write the Gentile Witness Series. This is the result of research and studying book after book on the end times, including all of the best sellers and other commentaries on the subject. 
Most prophetic novels use the basis of the “Rapture.” All have stories related to failure to make it in the first round to heaven by not being taken up at the beginning of Tribulation. Then, these characters fall in love, find God in the crisis, and save others.  
These are all great story lines but not very likely to occur. The most basic reason is there is no clear biblical proof of the concept of Rapture also known as pre or post tribulation.
Now, based on research by others, about twenty percent of American Christians believe in the Rapture. Most of those who do believe this doctrine belong to evangelical Churches. This number is greatly reduced when it is measured worldwide; where it is estimated at less than ten percent. Of all the major Monolithic religions, that number goes to less than one percent. This includes all Abrahamic religions (also Semitic religions), Judaism, Christianity and Islam.  
Our journey in writing this series started in a dream. I woke up at 3:00 AM one day, sat down in front of the computer and wrote the outline for these books based on that dream. From that point, it took me a year to write book one and three years to complete book two. Inspired? Maybe, but then maybe not.  
Therefore, I had an outline but I did not have the substance. It took a lot of research and a lot of thinking to come up with a modern day story line.  These books included the Bible, and various reference books, which I recommend that you read. These include, Josephus, Antiquities of the Jews, The Book of Enoch, No Rapture by Jack Wasson, and most Rapture based novels written since 1980.  I also read controversial books such as the Zecharia Sitchin series of books, Karen Armstrong’s Genesis, the Enuma Elish (The Mesopotamian, Babylonian Creation Myth), Chariots of the Gods, Erich Von Dainken and various others of similar subjects. I delved into various synopses by scholars of the Qur’an (Islam), Bible (Jewish and Christian), Ramayana (Sanskrit India), Greek Mythology, and Buddhism.  
I read all these books for a reason. During the time of Tribulation, not only are the Witnesses a very important part of the story but so is the Antichrist.  I needed the Antichrist’s, False Prophet’s, and the Beast’s side of the story and who they were.. For during this time, they need to deceive the seven billion people on earth and lead them astray. They have to have a convincing story to tell.    
That is why, although I had over half of book II written, at the time that Book I was released, I quit writing. I did not have this part of the story. The authors before in all the Rapture based novels only skimmed over this part.  It is the most important thing we need to know.  ‘How will the masses be deceived’? This book now explores this hypothesis.  
When I finally started writing book II again, I deleted close to half of the original content and started over. The result is four stories that are now unfolding.  
The ministry of Jesus Christ as told by Enoch and Elijah as the final two Witnesses
The unholy alliance of Lucifer, his son and their story 
The earth’s governments being consolidated under one ruler
The Nation of Israel having to turn back the pages of time and deal with a God-sent prophet again.
This writing also covers the private thoughts of world leaders as they try to grasp what is occurring in the world. This includes Russia, China, Japan, Egypt, The European Union, Iran, America, and Israel and the concern they all have of consolidation of power of kingship into one world leader.     
We also insert current and projected future technology into this writing. This includes technologies of God, Lucifer, and humanity. We based the technology used on our current scientific knowledge, and some current scientific theories. In addition, the hundreds of direct technology references in the Bible itself of which there are many.
You should realize that this book, as all prophecy books, is fiction. Yes, they are fiction. What various authors are writing about has not occurred. All books on this subject are classified as ‘science fiction, myth, and prophecy’. 
Now you may ask, will Tribulation unfold like this book or other similar books have suggested? No one knows what will actually happen. Only God and His Son Jesus know. We humans, well, we can only wonder.  
However, so far, this fiction has done some great things. The emails from readers are wonderful; they all have the same theme. I am trying harder to be a good Christian. Therefore, if it is only one who finds comfort in Jesus, or many, that is all that counts.  
May God bless each and every one of you, Samuel David



Note on chapter titles: all times are the times in the mentioned city, state, and or country in the title.
Please note I prefer to use Lucifer in lieu of Satan. Lucifer is sometimes associated with Nebuchadnezzar II.  




Books by Samuel David 
The Gentile Witness Book I Enoch 
The Gentile Witness Book II Elijah 
You Paid What, by Darrell Jordan 
The Gentile Witness Book III Cain released in 2015 
1968 Mike and I and the Great Adventure




Elijah
and
Enoch as
Gods Last Two Witnesses


By, Samuel David
Edited by, Latoya Newman






Chapter 1
8:45 PM Thursday Kansas City, Missouri - Liberty Memorial, Anchor Desk
John Roddenburg and his co-anchors were still staring with eyes locked on Jack, now Enoch, as he was leaving the stage. In the past hour, they had not said a word. Like the rest of the world, they had watched and listened as Jack and Elijah displayed God’s power with no commercials and no breaks. 
Jack South now called Enoch, a self-proclaimed Witness of God. Shraya, now known as Elijah, the second Witness. In the past hour, in a worldwide broadcast from Kansas City, they had mesmerized the entire world. This was an astonishing display of Gods power using his two final Witnesses as never seen before.
Mary Ann turned her focus from the stage exit and then looked back at the cameras and realized they were still live. She turned her head back towards John and said, “We are live again.” As her co-anchors turned toward her she said, “I have to say, I am sure the viewers, like us, are in awe. This was an incredulous display of God’s power that was witnessed tonight.”
John looked over at Mary Ann and replied, “Yes, I agree. That was an incredible display of power.”  
Geraldo added, “John, I agree. Between the attempted assassination, the biblical reenactment of the staffs turning into snakes, the thunder, lightning…Elijah walking in thin air, it’s…it’s how can I say it? Amazing!”  
John and Mary nodded their heads, agreeing.  
Then John said, “We also have a slow motion replay of the attempt on Jack’s life for our viewers, thanks to our technicians installing a high-speed camera for tonight’s broadcast.”
He turned to the High Definition Monitor behind the anchor desk that would show the replay of the attempt on Jack’s life. As the screen came to life, the high-speed camera captured in detail the bullet traveling towards Jack’s head. With slow motion, it was clear to the viewer how Enoch had spun his entire body around at incredible speed, while pointing his staff towards the tower. Then the blue aura had surrounded Jack instantaneously. Immediately, one could see the bullet flattening as it hit the aura surrounding Jack. He did not even stagger as the bullet fell to the stage floor.”  
After the monitor went blank, Geraldo turning towards John said, “This has to be the most incredible amount of footage ever seen. Personally, there are no other words to describe what we saw other than, amazing. In an instant, after Jack spins around and points his staff, his entire body is miraculously enveloped in a blue aura, which in turns saves his life.” 
“I agree Geraldo,” John said. “We have even more for our viewers. Here is a look of the replay showing Elijah walking off the stage into mid-air.”  
They then turned towards the big screen monitor. The replay began and they once again saw Elijah throw the staff off the stage overlooking Union Station. It stopped in mid-air in a vertical position. They then witnessed him calmly walking off the stage into thin air, over the cliff of Memorial Park overlooking Union Station and not falling.
After the replay was finished, Mary Ann commented, “When Elijah invited Jack to walk out to meet him in thin air I could not even breathe as he took his first step.”  
Geraldo commented, “What we saw was something difficult to believe or comprehend.”  
Mary Ann added, “Then there was the drama of Elijah threatening the enemies of Israel and non-Jews. He ordered them to get out of their land, including Jerusalem. That was the moment it was understood he was also telling them to vacate the Temple area. What do you think, John?”
“I agree, Mary Ann. It seemed Enoch was saying that they are going to rebuild the Temple in preparation for God’s return.”  
Geraldo said, “I think the emphasis of walking in thin air was to remind us of the New Testament description of Christ walking on water.”  
“I agree,” John said. In addition, I am sure that after seeing this, many realize that these men have the power of God in their hands. If that is the case then no one can stop Elijah, or Enoch, for that matter.” 
Geraldo nodded his head in agreement, as he chimed in, “Enoch’s statement was definitely a demand and I am definitely sure his words will cause concern not only in the Middle East but also in Israel. For unlike in biblical days, Elijah does not make policy for the Israelis. What I am saying is, how he can tell the Government of Israel what to do and what to enforce. Now he may have caused a war over the Temple Mount area.”
“We don’t know the answer to those questions Geraldo,” John said. “I do agree with you that Elijah’s statements were definitely a threat; and most likely, from his demeanor, a promise. After what we have seen here tonight, we may have to assume that Elijah, even though he is not a government leader, has the power to get others to listen to him at least, especially their religious leaders. Israel, unlike many governments has a part of their governmental system that they call ‘The Rabbinates’. It is a two person religious post in Israel. Israel elects one from the Ashkenazi side and the other from the Sephardi. They serve a term of ten years. They are recognized by law as the Supreme Halakhic. For our viewers, the word “Halakhic” means the entire body of Jewish law and tradition, comprising the laws of the Bible. They also have spiritual authority for the Jewish people in Israel. You may have noticed that in the seating area representing Israel tonight was the Rabbinate Benjamin Hagen of the Sephardi side.”
“Well John, I would assume that maybe Rabbinate Hagen and his counterpart will be working with the Israeli government to decide what to do about Elijah’s threats and or Elijah himself.”  
“Only time will tell us Geraldo.”  
“I think it will be interesting,” said Mary Ann, “to see what kind of statements will be made not only by the Israelis, once they conference with the Rabbinates, but their neighbors Iran, Syria, and Egypt; and of course, especially what the Palestinians will have to say.”
“If my gut feeling is correct,” John added, “the Jordanians and the Muslim Waqf will not take this lying down. They have an exclusive right to maintain the Dome of the Rock from the Israeli government since the capture of Jerusalem in the six-day war in ‘67. I am not sure how Elijah will cause the Israeli government to renege on their agreement.”
 “Correct me if I am wrong, Mary Ann,” Geraldo said, “if I have my history right and based on my limited knowledge of the Qur’an, the Dome is one of Islam’s most holy places and it has something to do with Muhammad’s night journey, described in the Qur’an?”
“Yes, you are correct Geraldo. It is revered as the Noble Sanctuary ‘Bait-ul-Muqaddas. The Temple Mount is the location of Muhammad's journey to Jerusalem and ascent to heaven. Also, the Al Aqsa Mosque rests on the site along with the Dome of the Rock.”  
John added, “Keep in mind, the Temple Mount is for the Jews and is where the binding of Isaac took place and the gathering of the dust to create Adam; as well as being the site of two Jewish Temples.”
Geraldo then commented, “One of the reasons the Jews have not built the Temple after capturing it in ‘67 is due to a technical issue.”  
“What is that Geraldo?” Mary Ann asked. 
“By law, Jews cannot walk on the holy Mount for they do not know where the Holy of Holies stood in the Temple. I am thinking that now that Elijah is here, he would definitely know the location of the Holy of Holies. Maybe he can shed some light on that also.”  
“All I can say is the coming days will be interesting,” said John. “We will have to wait and see what will happen and what will be said by everyone about these pronouncements from Elijah. I mean, for Elijah to tell all Arabs to leave Israeli lands, especially Jerusalem, will most certainly be a major issue.”  
“Yes, and the Middle East has been in turmoil now for several years with the regime changes in Egypt and the civil war in Syria. Add recent events such as the constant infighting between the Palestinians and the Israelis, and the ISIS movement in Iraq. Elijah’s statements tonight will definitely stir up the area,” Geraldo said.  
John added, “Not counting Iran’s acquiring a nuclear bomb. This issue is still in limbo and has never been resolved even with the sanctions still in place. We do not know if they have a bomb yet or not. I can promise though, their President will not take these threats from Elijah or Israel sitting down.”
“Tonight’s statements by Elijah, for that matter, could well be the catalyst for an all-out Mideast War,” Mary Ann said. “He also said that all Jews from the lost tribes need to migrate to Israel immediately and to especially leave the United States. Elijah said America would be rendered useless.”
“This is a lot to think about, and to be honest, I am quite concerned for the status not only of the U.S. but of the whole world,” John added. 
“I think we all have concerns about those statements, John,” Mary Ann said. “With the destruction caused so far in California and the hurricanes coming as Enoch predicted, we are all concerned.”
Geraldo then said, “Like everyone else, I am looking forward to the interview coming up with Jack, or Enoch, as Elijah now refers to him. Maybe he can shed some light on these concerns we have brought up.”   
John said, “It would be even better if Elijah were to come with him. At the moment he seems to be the leader of the two.”
“Yes, hopefully we will find out some answers in this interview. Moreover, as you said, it would be nice if Elijah came also,” Mary Ann said.  
Getting a cue from his producer, John then turned to the camera and said, “We need to break for some news updates from around the world and station identification. When we return we will also have on the spot reporters doing interviews in the crowds at the stadiums and on the streets here in Kansas City. After that, we will have more coverage of the self-proclaimed Witnesses. That will be followed by a one-on-one interview with Jack South or Enoch, as he is now called by Elijah.”
Chapter 2
8:55 PM Thursday Kansas City, Missouri - Center City, Enoch’s Hotel Suite
After leaving the stage, Enoch returned to the hotel. He laid the staff down carefully on the bed and removed the vestments. He immediately knelt down by the bed to pray and thank God for saving his life and allowing him to be able to complete tonight’s sermon as His servant.  
After his prayers, he retrieved a Gatorade from the refrigerator and drank it almost completely down in one gulp. Preaching made him thirsty. As he was finishing off the drink, he thought about the interview he had agreed to do here in less than half an hour. He wished he had not agreed to do it for he was exhausted. However, he knew there would be many questions that needed to be answered or clarified. His only fear was that certain questions they might ask he just did not know the answers to. Elijah, it appeared, had his own agenda and Enoch had no knowledge regarding the statements he had made during the sermon tonight, especially about Israel. Well, as he had learned so far in this ministry, he would just have to trust God to guide him and give him the answers he needed.  
While still deep in thought, Enoch looked out the window and could see that the stage area was still lit up and that there was still a sea of people in the area. It appeared that no one had moved at all. They were all still there. He assumed that they were waiting for his interview with John before they left. They might also still be in shock or awe or even fear after the display of God’s power as called upon by Elijah and himself. 
He realized that while on the stage he had no fear at all. It was as if it was not him but someone else. He thought about Elijah and walking in mid-air over the cliff; it was just mind boggling. Suspended in mid-air with no support under his feet but air was amazing! What powers God had over the universe, he thought. He did not really know these answers but the experience was incredible.  
He also thought of when Elijah told him that he was really Enoch. How could this possibly be correct? He distinctly remembered growing up as a child to parents right there in Kansas City. He was Jack Enoch South, not the biblical Enoch.  
As he held this thought, his mind wandered to some of the dreams he had been having lately. They were always similar. He was somewhere else from a long time ago. He let his mind wander for a few moments on this. As he was thinking about his questions, he glanced at the clock on the table and then his thoughts came back to the commitments he had agreed to. He had to leave soon for the interview with John Roddenburg. He just hoped that he could answer their questions correctly. 
The telephone in the suite rang and interrupted his thoughts. He walked over to the desk and answered it.  
“Hello?”
“Jack uh, sorry, Enoch, this is Don, John Roddenburg’s Producer. I think we met the other day.”
“Yes, I remember.”
“Well we just wanted to confirm if we are still on for the interview with John?"
“Yes, I was just getting ready to leave here in a few minutes. I assumed I was to go to the anchor desk at the stage area. Is that correct?”
“Yes, that would be great. We are going to do some on the street interviews and some news updates, so would about 30 to 45 minutes work for you?”
“That will be fine Don. I will be there.”
“Thanks Enoch, I will see you soon.” 
He hung up the phone. He was trying to decide if he should wear the vestment again or his more common polo shirt and slacks. He heard a knock at the door. His security guard opened the door and stuck his head in through the crack and said “Enoch, you have some visitors.” Then Veronica, Mark, and Elijah walked into the suite.  
Chapter 3
9:05 PM Thursday Kansas City, Missouri - Center City, Aafre Waldger’s Suite
“That was not the right thing for the Bishop to have done,” Aafre said to Cardinal Richital. I was led to believe by the two of you that the staff you brought from the Vatican was the one from Moses that had been discovered by the crusaders. It obviously was not. What you had was the Egyptian Magician’s staff from the Pharaoh’s court. I would have never allowed this to occur if I had known that your staff was from them. You had no chance and in front of the whole world, Praterus was put to shame.”
“I understand,” the Cardinal said. “I really do understand and I agree that we made an error. Nevertheless, it is only a temporary setback. The game is only four days old. We have many more days, months and years ahead.”
The Cardinal paused, knowing that arguing with Aafre over this was useless. He changed the direction of the conversation by saying “We need to get the media machine going immediately and make a big deal of the displays by Jack, Enoch or whatever his name is and Elijah as being nothing but tricks. People believe in science, technology, and trickery or what is called magic, as the illusionists say. Also they do not remember things for very long; and soon they will no longer remember this.”
“What about them walking in the air, Cardinal? That was quite a feat.”
“Simple thing, Aafre. We can overcome that too, for walking in thin air is an old magician’s trick. We will be issuing a statement from the Vatican once Praterus is in position, that both Elijah and Jack, or Enoch, as he now calls himself, used tricks to make this all happen. It was all an illusion and people will soon start to question their God’s grandstanding.”
“Will the current Pope agree to this Cardinal?”
“No, but as we discussed before, Praterus will. The current Pontiff is quite ill and if he makes it past the next day or two, we would be surprised. When he is gone, then the power of the church will be in Praterus’ hands, and we will then move forward.”
“Alright Cardinal, I will leave it in your hands, but let me ask you another question. Elijah has told the Muslims to leave Jerusalem, so can I assume that means he wants the Temple rebuilt?”
“Yes that is what he said.”
“That’s what I thought too; and we will help them accomplish that. The Master will want to enter it once the Temple is completed.”  
“Who is it Aafre? Can you tell me?”
“No Cardinal. Not at this time.”  
Annoyed by the answer he received Cardinal Richital said, “Well, maybe soon you will be able to let me know, Aafre. It would make things easier for us at the Vatican so that we can be prepared to endorse him on a worldwide basis.”
“In Time Cardinal Richital, in time,” Aafre said, getting angry with the Cardinal and seeing that the conversation was going nowhere. Aafre changed the subject himself and said as pleasantly as he could, “By the way Cardinal Richital, watch The Network in the morning, sometimes our minds do work in the same way and I think the broadcast will amuse you.”
“I will Aafre, I will; and we will be much more careful in the future.”
“Thank you Cardinal. I know you will.”









Chapter 4
9:15 PM Thursday Kansas City, Missouri - Center City, Enoch’s Suite
Enoch stepped back from the doorway as they entered his room. He was quite surprised to see Elijah for he thought he had left. Veronica, as she walked in, said, “You did well Enoch. You did very well tonight. I am sure your Creator is pleased with you and so are we.”
“Thanks Veronica; but Elijah coming to my aid sure helped a lot.”
“You are a team, Enoch. Remember that there are two of you and the team is what makes the difference.”
Elijah and Mark moved forward and sat on the couch, as there was another knock on the door. The security guard opened it again and said, “You have some more guests, Enoch,” before Gabriel and Ariel entered the room. They sat down in the chairs by the table. Enoch moved toward the table as well and sat down facing the couch.  
Then Gabriel, not really addressing anyone in particular but looking at Elijah, said, “That was good gentlemen; but now the problems start. The nations will slowly start to stand up to the two of you and it will be a battle of who gets their message across, you or them. As you well know, they will do whatever it takes to discredit anything you do and say. They will also attempt to assassinate you both but it will fail. But, be always aware that their goal for now is to discourage you, hamper you, and of course, eventually, to destroy you.”  
Then Gabriel turned towards Enoch and said, “Enoch, tonight you are being interviewed again in a few minutes. We are sure that John and his co-anchors will question you about Elijah and his statements. Those statements he made are literal. God wants the lost tribes in Israel; the descendants of Ishmael and his sons out of Israel, and the Temple rebuilt.”
“I understand, Gabriel,” Enoch replied. “But you know that means the Muslims worldwide will stand up to claim their holy place, the Dome of the Rock, and will not take this sitting down. Also the Palestinians and Hamas are going to revolt and probably Iran!”
“We know that, Enoch. Their threats will force the Israeli government to make choices, which is part of the plan of God.”
“What about the rest of the world, Gabriel? This may well cause a major problem in the Middle East, maybe even result in a major attack on Israel.”
“There will be no war with Israel,” said Elijah, looking down at the floor. “I will take care of their enemies’ war machines in the next few days. To wage war, you need men to fight and their men will not be able to fight.”
“How are you to accomplish this?” Enoch asked.
Elijah lifted his head then turned towards Enoch and said, “I will go to the interview with you and will tell the world what will happen to any country that attacks or threatens to attack Israel. You, like the rest of the world, will know how God’s power will stop the descendants of Ishmael in their tracks. These first three and a half years of the time of sorrows are Gods’ time. The time to salvage as many souls as we can and show the world there is but one God and one Jesus Christ. Satan will have his time afterwards. But now it is God’s time.” 
Chapter 5
10:39 AM Friday Beijing, China - Premier’s Office
Liang Enlai, Premier of the Government of the People’s Republic of China, Yuan Kwan, Minister of National Defense, and Wan Gangchuan, Minister of Finance were meeting in the office of the Premier. They, like the rest of the world, had watched the broadcast with Jack South, now Enoch, and the other witness, Elijah, with great interest. Thanks to technology, the broadcast was live with subtitles.  
Liang asked Wan, “Do you think that if the American markets reopen on Monday we should start to remove our investments in the United States treasury department and put them into a more stable market like that of the Brits or the Europeans. Our investments currently exceed 1.6 trillion American dollars plus our billions in their businesses. With the expected destruction currently on the way, as this witness describes, they will never be able to repay us. Also, our currency, which we do not float on the open market, leaves us quite vulnerable.”  
“We don’t let our currency float on the markets,” Wan said quite tersely, his anger showing. “The Yuan is our control over western economies. Let the Westerners float their currencies. In the end, we will win that battle. After the next few days, the almighty dollar, as they call it, will be worth nothing; and then our currency, if not openly traded, will be sought after even more than the dollar or the Euro, for that matter.”  
He paused in deep concentration, and then added, “It does seem though that within 30 days, the U.S. will be bankrupt anyway. Therefore, I am not sure if it matters if we cash out or not. Even more concerning is that losing them as a market will greatly affect our economy. Therefore, in my opinion, as soon as the markets open, we take the loss in their treasury holdings. We will then transfer them to European holdings but hang on to our American business investments. I see no other way. America evidently cannot stand against these Witnesses and the destruction is obviously coming to them as a direct result of the actions of this so-called Enoch. Now this other self-proclaimed witness is rattling the swords on behalf of Israel, which will also then effect the markets worldwide for fear of an all-out war in the Middle East. Therefore, I suggest we purchase as much as we can on the futures market in energy, such as oil, natural gas, and even coal, at any price.”  
Liang then asked, “What of our factories that make so many products for the Americans? They will have to shut down and that in itself will hurt our economy and probably cause even more unrest in our provinces. Where else can we create a market like the Americans?”
“I would not worry about that right now, Liang,” replied Wan. “The Europeans will be the next power to come to light. They will control the money in the very near future and we may well want to make additional alliances with them. Premier, that means that we would again be dealing with people who still consider us mongrels. That may be a difficult thing to do initially, if not impossible.” 
“Wan we will worry about this issue later. When it comes to riches, race no longer matters. Now, in the meantime, we need to isolate ourselves from the world’s politics other than financial, and appear very neutral. It seems that after tonight, the unrest between the Muslims and the Jews that have been caused by the Witnesses will expand. The destruction they seem to be able to cause not only in America, but also in Northern Africa and Southeast Asia will pre-empt a lot of unrest in the world. This I fear will cause unprecedented world destabilization over the next few weeks and months.”   
“I understand your concerns,” Liang said, with a look of genuine concern on his face. “Before Monday and after the meetings in the U.S. with The Waldger Group, we need to have a strategy in place. With America being brought to its knees, opportunities arise. We will not stand by without taking advantage of it either economically or politically. Do you agree Defense Minister Yuan?”
“Yes, I do Premier, and something has come to light that will help us along the way. The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea wants to take advantage of America’s current situation and move on South Korea. They want us to turn the other way. They feel the Americans cannot help South Korea or will not. If America backs down they can just cross the DMZ and take over without a shot being fired.”
“Do you think, Yuan, that the Europeans will help South Korea?” Liang asked. 
“No, I think they could care less. Currently, they are trying to figure out how to have America’s military power in their own control. With the U.S. being singled out by this witness who is causing havoc, they are in trouble. If America does give the Europeans or NATO control over their military even for a short time there will only be two powers left, The People’s Republic of China, and the Europeans. Of course there are the Russians, but at this time I am not sure where they will stand in all of this.”
“What of this Jack or Enoch as he calls himself?” Yuan asked. “Do you see that he might cause us problems, like the rain in North Africa and the American earthquakes? Also, since this Jack wants to come here to our cities and talk to the masses, he could stir the people into a revolution against us.”
Liang thought this over for a moment then said, “I would say that we do not take that risk and keep him in the West. He does not need to come here, for I am sure if he does, as you said, he would stir up the people. We have our share of dissidents on a normal day, but these Witnesses would possibly give them more credibility among the people,” he paused, then added, “We removed the missionaries from our lands years ago. We only limitedly let them back in recently. In either case, unless these Witnesses comply with our laws and customs, we do not want them here. However, I doubt they would pay much attention to our laws and or customs if they did come here. So Yuan, that is a problem we need to address sooner than later.”  
“Premier, what if they decide to call upon their God to cause disasters here if we don’t let them in? Then what would you suggest?”
“I am not sure. Right now, you are putting the cart before the horse. We will cross that bridge when it comes to us. In addition, we are not sure from what sources they get there power to do what they are supposedly capable of doing. I like, all of you, do not believe in gods, period; but in the meantime, we will deny either of them entry into our country.”
Liang now leaned back in his chair and put his hand under his chin. The others were familiar with this gesture, so knew not to speak, for he was in deep thought. Liang finally said, “Make sure to tell our representative at the ‘The Waldger Group’ meeting not to appear to disagree or agree to anything. We need to digest what Waldger is actually planning and what the story is on these Witnesses. We may decide not to participate in his group at this time. Our strategy, for now, will be neutral.” Liang thought for a minute again then said, “For now though, I am not sure what we are going to do or what our policy will be.”
No one spoke, seemingly deep in thought, until Liang said, “I think that right after the meeting in Kansas City we should call an emergency meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation’s organizational members. In light of what we are seeing we may need to come up with a plan and possibly add Iran as a permanent member of our group.”  
“Do you want me to contact the Russians as well as our other members, Premier Liang?” Yuan asked.
“Definitely Yuan, the sooner the better. With the Americans at least temporarily disabled politically, the world’s powers will be shifting and I have a good idea in what way they are shifting, Yuan. It is important that we keep our place and not allow Waldger or the Europeans to take over the entire world whether economically or politically.”
“There is one other thing that bothers me, Yuan. This reference to the end times that everyone keeps mentioning. So let us involve our academics and see if they can obtain all the information they can from the ancient writings about these so-called Witnesses and their God. We need to know where their power is coming from. Somehow, somewhere, God or not, these Witnesses have a protector who is unseen and is able to keep them from being killed. That bullet that was fired would have gone through 4 inches of concrete. It did not even knock him down. With our technology today, that is impossible. I want to know everything we can.”  
“I understand, Premier. Now, what do we tell the North Koreans?” Liang asked. 
Chapter 6
5:39 AM Friday Moscow, Russia - President’s Office
President of Russia, Keveta Droenkov, the Prime Minister, Svorad Zefirov, and the Federal Security Service Director, Vladimir Leshev, like almost everyone else on earth, had convened at 3:30 AM to watch the display the Witnesses gave on television, in its entirety. They were waiting for the interview that was coming up and were in discussions on the state of America and the Middle East; the effects the Witnesses would have on world politics; and power shifting from America to maybe Europe or China.
President Droenkov looked over at the Prime Minister then said, “The hurricanes hitting America all at once will be a disaster. It will be hard to comprehend the damage that will occur and the time it will take America to recover from these disasters. Add these to the disastrous quake in Los Angeles and they are in trouble. Add it all up and what you get is that the Americans will no longer be the power they are now for some time to come. What do you think Svorad?”
“I am not sure Mr. President. I have to tell you, in spite of the expected carnage to hit the Americans, they still have the largest arsenal in the world, and their military’s technology exceeds all others in its ability to wage war in the air or by sea, anywhere in the world. Their submarine fleet alone could destroy any country in the world on a moment’s notice. So, even though economically they may have a major setback, they are still the big kid on the block.”
“I think they are done, at least for now, if this Enoch’s predictions are true,” Vladimir said. “And they may pass temporary control of their military machine over to their allies. I hear rumors coming from the Common Market leaders and The Waldger Group that this weekend they are going to approach the Americans on this and force their hand. That means that on our continent, the new western bully will be the European Common Market or the revived Roman Empire, as their prophecy dictates. Europe banding together will put us in a precarious position, based on our geographic location in this part of the world. I also doubt that Waldger will allow us to participate fully in his plans and share his power with us. I think that Waldger plans to take over the entire world as the world leader, or at least someone he appoints as such.”
“So, is this what you think, Vladimir?” Svorad asked. “Just like that, the Americans will give over sovereignty to the Europeans or Waldger and his group of money men? I am not sure that will ever happen. However, Waldger does control the American’s politics and has, with his organization, for the past 50 years, controlled the Europeans too, for that matter. Let us not forget the Chinese, who will be a major issue for anyone trying to fill in for the Americans temporarily or permanently. But I do agree, Vladimir, that for the short term and the way things are looking, the superpowers for a short period of time will be the Europeans, Chinese and of course, us.” 
Svorad let that sink in then added, “So we need to consider who we wish to be lined up with or go it on our own. Nevertheless, unless we use nuclear weapons, we are not strong enough to fight a ground war here or anywhere else.”  
It was quiet for a moment. No one spoke, as each person had their own thoughts on the issues they were discussing. After a few minutes, President Keveta said with emphasis, “I do not believe that the Europeans want a war with anyone. What I do think is that the Middle East is about to become even more unstable and that these two Witnesses will eventually branch out into the rest of the world and cause havoc in all countries including ours. They are the ones we need to be concerned about,” he paused before adding, “By the way, they have applied for visas to come here and hold a rally similar to the one we have just seen.”
“Well, Keveta, we will not agree to this,” Vladimir said. “The American can visit, but we will not allow him to preach his sermons about his God here. We won’t be issuing permits for a display like we saw in Kansas City…never, ever!” He continued, “As for this, this so-called Elijah, I doubt he would come to Russia. It seems his focus will be on Israel and the Middle-Eastern countries. At least that is what I perceive.”  
He stopped and seemed in thought, as if changing his mind, then said, “President Droenkov, just a thought, but if we do not let them come, they may unleash some of their destruction on us until we agree to let them in. I have read the prophecies of their Bible, and if they are true and they are whom their Bible describes, then they can do as they wish. If he wished to do so, Enoch could place us in a bad situation. We cannot afford to have a major natural disaster - like they seem to be able to cause - and still keep our heads above water.”
“So what do you suggest, Vladimir?” President Droenkov asked.
“First, we need to deal with Waldger and his plans. It seems he and the Europeans are gathering allies and adding strength to their organization. Our best defense right now, I believe, is to convene a meeting with the members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization. We need to do this quickly for I feel that the world’s powers are changing as we speak and that the world as we know it will end up in three, maybe four powerful groups. It is important that we discuss this with the other Shanghai Cooperative members sooner than later to solidify our positions.” 
He paused, and then said, “Maybe some of our observer states should be brought into the meeting.”
Knowing the difficulty of the decisions confronting them, Keveta thought a bit on this before answering. He then said, “Call the Chinese and see if they will agree to a meeting. Then once the Chinese agree, we will invite maybe Iran and India but not Pakistan or Mongolia or other perceived partners including Belarus and Sri Lanka. The others will make it difficult for us, for they are constantly trying for position in the meetings. Regarding the witness, we will grant them their visas and as you said, we can always change our minds later. Much of this may change so we need to wait till the ambassadors we sent to Waldger’s meeting in Kansas City tomorrow communicate with us about what was said and what Waldger’s intentions are.”  
“When the interview is over I will call Yuan Kwan their Director in China and our other member states as you directed, unless something changes,” said Vladimir.  
“That will be our first course of action on this matter then. You make your call, and we will go from there,” Keveta replied. “The broadcast is coming back on with the interview so let’s see what else these Witnesses have to say.”
Chapter 7
5:39 AM Friday Jerusalem, Israel – Prime Minister’s Office
Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein, Shlomo Mendel, Minister of Defense, and Meyer Branlin, Director of Mossad had, as others in the world, convened together at 3:00 AM local time. They had just finished watching Elijah’s announcements on the American broadcast and his threats to their enemies, with great interest. They had assembled about two hours ago to watch and listen to the prophets or Witnesses, as they called themselves, by satellite. The reality was that all the other members of the Israeli government including those of the Knesset and the other Ministers that had not been invited were also watching.   
The comments made by Elijah were of a major concern to them. This self-proclaimed prophet from the Talmud and the Pentateuch had declared war in the Middle East. Based on his comments immediately after the broadcast, they had immediately placed the country on high alert for fear of repercussions from their enemies. This was a precaution to secure their borders in the event of retaliation.
The Prime Minister, thinking on the situation as he turned to the others, stated, “I am sure all of you know that our religious leaders will be in heavy discussions over the statements made by Elijah, as well as whether or not he is really the Prophet Elijah from the Pentateuch or the Christian’s New Testament. Like each of you, I am very concerned. There is the outside chance that he is who he says he is, and if that be the case, we are in for some major religious and political issues here.”
He paused briefly and since no one spoke, he continued voicing his thoughts. “The Americans are being brought to their knees as we speak and their country is under siege by these two. In less than five days, this Enoch and Elijah have brought many parts of the world to its knees, including several of our neighboring countries. Egypt is almost under water, along with Syria, Northern Africa, Iran, Iraq, and Jordan. However, it is not raining that much here in Israel. This is meteorologically impossible…and if I might add, this other prophet, Enoch or Jack South, who was barely mentioned in the Pentateuch, supposedly caused it all.” He stopped talking as he looked at his desk, trying to find the right words. 
“Now, for the sake of conversation, if he is really Elijah, as our history states, he could bring us to our knees very quickly. If he continues his threats, he could possibly cause a major war in which we will have to defend Israel with everything we have. In addition, with Enoch waging war against America, we cannot expect much help from the Americans in the event we have a major confrontation. They already have pressing matters of their own. Keep in mind that we are, as of now, very vulnerable, especially after the hurricanes start hitting the U.S. Our enemies will be well aware of this.”  
“We should never have allowed the American to return,” Meyer said. “It was a bad decision to let him go.” He paused, looking to see if he could read an expression of either surprise or anger on David’s face, but saw none, so he continued.  
“Now this desert dweller, Shraya, who now claims he is the same prophet Elijah from thousands of years ago, is returning to Israel to attempt to convert us all to Christianity, rebuild the Temple, and cause chaos in the world.” He then sat back laughing, his head shaking back and forth, then said, “This is ridiculous. One, the Jew does not believe in Jesus as the Messiah, but that he is only a prophet like the real Elijah. Secondly, we cannot tear down the Dome of The Rock and then rebuild the Temple and survive. Three, the world would tear us apart if we did and we would not have any allies anywhere. Four, I doubt that very many Jews will be willing to become Christians. For God’s sake men, open your eyes. This self-proclaimed witness is the same Shraya that lived in the desert all these years. I am having difficulty in believing all of this to be true let alone that he has any power whatsoever. I think he is a fraud.”  
There was a knock on the door, which interrupted Meyer. An aide stuck his head in and said, “Prime Minister, Sir, Chief Rabbinate Yona Salant is here. Should I have him come in?” 
“Yes, please,” David, replied.  
Rabbi Yona Salant was one of two elected Rabbinates allowed in their Constitution. He was of the Ashkenazi side and had won election to his office in 2013. His contemporary was the Sephardi elected Rabbi. He was unable to attend the request to come there to discuss this Elijah issue. He, like many in the world, had actually gone to the U.S. to see the American, self-proclaimed witness from God. Yona had informed David that he would be late, because he wanted to speak to Benjamin Hagen in America. Before coming to this meeting, he wanted to get Benjamin’s opinion on the Elijah question.   
Yona sat in one of the empty chairs. After welcoming him and thanking him for coming at such an early hour, David asked, “Yona were you able to speak with Rabbinate Hagen after the sermon in America?”
“Yes, I did speak with him. I had just finished meeting with him when my car pulled up a few minutes ago and I came immediately to your office.”  
“What did he say?”
“Well simply put, he said that if he was not Elijah, then he was the devil. He also added that he was reserving any other comments until after he was able to study scripture.”
David said to Yona, “We were just discussing Elijah, and as you know, he has started his own revolution. I suppose we will have to wait for Benjamin’s summary or feelings in this matter when he returns. I assume he is coming back soon?” 
“Yes, he is leaving first thing in the morning from Kansas City. As you well know, neither he nor any of us were invited to the Waldger Meeting being held after the sermon but then we never are, are we?”
“No we are not Yona. They have their own agenda I suppose. Speaking of Waldger, what surprises me is that they were all in Kansas City to watch these Witnesses…it’s unprecedented.”  
As he said, this David reflected to himself; yes, it was unprecedented and very much so. Never before had the world’s movers and shakers as secret as the Waldger group publicly gathered a group of leaders for such an event. Normally they were very much behind closed doors with hidden agendas. Even the President of the United States was there. Waldger must know much more than he was telling letting on about this whole situation.  
David glanced over at the Monitor and noticed that the interview was about to start. He then said, “This Jack South, now called Enoch, is coming back on to be interviewed by Bear News in a few minutes. Let’s see what else they have planned for us that we do not yet know about. After the interview we can discuss our options.”
Chapter 8
8:09 AM Friday Tehran, Iran Supreme Leader’s Palace 
President Mauvad Shasahvar, Ayatollah Shahin Moneim, Supreme Leader, and some members of the Watchers’ Council had viewed the display of the Witnesses in America, on Satellite TV. They also murmured among themselves upon hearing the proclamations of the one who called himself Elijah.  
After the broadcast, they were discussing the issue that Elijah was a primary figure in their religion as well as the religion of the Jews. Like them, the Muslims considered Elijah to be a prophet who preached against Baal in Israel under the Kingship of Ahab and his consort, Jezebel. However, unlike the Jews and the Christians the Muslims had no reference of Elijah being lifted up into heaven in the Qur’an. The Supreme Leader was now addressing some of the Council members about the statements made by Elijah.
The Ayatollah said, “This self-proclaimed prophet who, by my calculations, would be about 3000 years old, has said that not only will he destroy Israel’s enemies, but he will also rebuild the Temple in Jerusalem. The only way that can happen is if he destroys the Dome of the Rock, one of our primary holy sites.”   
President Shasahvar reflected for a moment on this statement. This event by Israel or someone connected to them may well be the opportunity he had always hoped would happen. He then said, “Since we are always calling for the destruction of the Zionist in the worldwide press, I would assume that this Elijah means he will try and destroy Iran. We are the most vocal about destroying the Zionist and I can promise you, we will definitely stop any attempt of destroying the Temple Mount. Nevertheless, I have no idea if he is Elijah or just blowing smoke. My other question is does he have real powers?” 
President Shasahvar smiled as he continued. He was getting very excited as he unfolded the plan he had just thought of. “We may have an opportunity to align all our Arab members and Muslims around the world against not only Israel but Western countries too. The threat he has made of the destruction of the Dome will not sit well with Muslims not only here in Southeast Asia but Muslims worldwide and their governments. I feel that this is a great opportunity to use this to further our plan to destroy Israel, be the champions of the Arab/Muslim world, and put an end to the Zionist threat worldwide; and in addition, unite all Muslims worldwide.”  
Ayatollah Shahin said, “That may well be true President Shasahvar, but as we know from our own scriptures, Elijah is one of our prophets also. With that in mind, if he is the same Elijah we have in our Qur’an, then he is from Allah. Therefore, the power of this Elijah and this Enoch that we have just seen in America, concern me. If he is Elijah we need to find out why Allah has sent him back to us.”
The Ayatollah looked around to see the expressions on their faces after his last statements. He looked at each one individually as was his custom when speaking. Once he was satisfied that he had their complete attention he then said, “It seems that he and Jack South, or Enoch, as he now calls himself, may bring curses upon our country. Elijah, if that is who he really is, threatened not only us but also all Muslims, directly, in his sermon. He made direct threats to all enemies of Israel, of whom we are the most vocal, as you said, Mr. President. However, I do agree with some of your thoughts of aligning the Arab and Muslim World. Now, since the Americans seem to be preoccupied with these Witnesses and what they are perceived to be doing to their country as well as to our neighbors here in the Middle East and Northern Africa with the rains, your plan may make some sense. However, I think that we need to see if he can prove himself as really being Elijah from Allah before we make any statements or do anything.”  
One of the council members spoke up and said, “Ayatollah Shahin, I am concerned that Elijah is here to punish us also. He was very clear about enemies of Israel and we need to call upon Allah for guidance in this matter. It may be, if I might say as a point of consideration, that Allah and Yahweh are one and that Elijah has also been sent to us also.” 
Ayatollah Shahin replied, “That is blasphemy, my friend, to even suggest Allah is the same God of the Jews and the Christians. You should be very careful in what you say. Now, I will overlook your brief loss of your faith.”  
Looking at the man in disgust, the Ayatollah hesitated, before he began speaking again, “At this point we do not know the answers to any of these questions yet, but we will soon. We must have patience and not say or do anything until we know more. We need to see if this Elijah can prove himself the Prophet mentioned in the Hebrew scripture or in the Qur’an. Enoch is going to do another interview on American television in a few minutes. Maybe we will know more after his interview and then we can continue our discussions.”  
Chapter 9
9:30 PM Thursday, Kansas City, Missouri - Liberty Memorial, Anchor Desk
In anticipation of the interview with Jack, the Bear News crew had set up an interview area off from the stage, behind the anchor desk. It came with the standard couch and interview chair; almost a duplicate copy of that of the New York studio.  
John was sitting in the interview chair waiting for Jack. They had just about finished recapping the sermon, the assassination attempt, and comments from the multitudes. Next, they went to updates from around the world. They were somewhat surprised that no countries, especially in South East Asia or the Middle East, had yet made any comments about Elijah’s threats an hour ago. There was hope from the news team that Jack, now Enoch, would shed some light on what Elijah really meant. It was too bad they did not have Elijah on. That would be the preferred interview at this point, for Elijah seemed to be the leader of the two Witnesses. Elijah was the opposite of Enoch; he was not diplomatic and quite demanding.  
Don went over to John and got his attention as he pointed to the stairs leading up to the stage. John looked over and saw Enoch and the woman he knew as Veronica walking towards them, accompanied by Elijah. He was elated when he saw both of them appear together and thought that maybe, just maybe, they would all be in the interview.
John got up immediately and walked over to them. When they stopped in front of him, Enoch reached out and grabbed his hand, shaking it excitedly and said, “John, we have a surprise for you. Elijah and Veronica have decided, if it is okay with you, to participate in the interview I promised you. Will that be okay with you and your producer?”
John was at a loss for words for a moment and finally said, “Definitely Jack, uh, Enoch, most definitely.”
He reached out his hand to Elijah, who shook it and said, “I have some things to clarify to the world and now will be a good time, John. I also brought Veronica with us, and if you have not figured it out yet, she handles the security for Enoch and me. She also handles Enoch’s schedule and any details that need to be coordinated in this modern world. She will know where and when we make our next appearances in the world.”
“No problem, Elijah. We are more than happy to let you say anything you want. If you could all follow me, we have an interview area set up behind the anchor desk over there.” John pointed to the couch. 
“Sure, John.” 
As he watched them move towards the interview area, John thought about how excited he felt. He could hardly contain himself. New interview questions were forming in his mind as he followed them to the couch.   
Chapter 10
9:45 PM Thursday Kansas City, Missouri – Liberty Memorial, Anchor Desk
They sat all three of them on the couch with Enoch on the end, next to Veronica then Elijah. John’s chair was nearest to Enoch’s, as it had been on previous interviews. The technicians attached their microphones and placed inserts into their ears for sound. Then John came over and chatted about the interview.
“Am I to call you Enoch from now on, or Jack?”
“Enoch will be fine, John. My middle name is Enoch.”  
“Then Enoch it is.”  
Don came over and said, “We will be going live here in a couple of minutes. Mary Ann and Geraldo are almost finished with their segment. So, is everyone ready?”
They nodded their heads and John said, “Good, then we will just be winging it, as we have been doing with you since Monday, Enoch; no script, we’ll just hope for the best.” John looked at Elijah then said. Oh, Elijah, I have been wondering from your sermon why you don’t have a Middle Eastern accent?”  
Elijah smiled and replied, “I have been in and around the west, including Israel, for some time. Many speak English, like you Americans. Now, if I had a Southern accent that would probably raise some eyebrows.”  
Then Elijah laughed, and so did the rest of us. 
John could not help thinking that Elijah actually had a sense of humor after all.  
Chapter 11
10:00 PM Thursday Kansas City, Missouri – Liberty Memorial, Anchor Desk
They were all seated staring at the dot on the camera. Enoch whispered to Veronica, “Let the show go on,” as he smiled. She said, “Enoch pay attention,” giving him a dirty look.  
The announcer began speaking. “Viewers worldwide, this is Bear News, live from Kansas City, Missouri, at the Liberty Memorial; with your host John Roddenburg. Tonight, as many of you know, Jack South, now referred to as Enoch, gave his first sermon here, not more than an hour ago. Enoch had agreed to do an interview following his sermon, prior to tonight’s broadcast, and we are now going live with that interview.”  
The camera panned to the assembled group on the couch and then the announcer continued, “We also have the other witness you met tonight, who, like Enoch, says he is a witness from God. He claims that he is the Old Testament Prophet, Elijah, and has also agreed to participate in the post sermon interview with us. And now, here is John Roddenburg.”
As the camera focused in on John, he said, “Good evening to our viewers in the United States and the world. Our producers have told me that this show tonight is being broadcast worldwide. As of the last count, this broadcast has more viewers ever, including the Super Bowl and the World Soccer Cup Playoffs. That is a lot of households!”  
John paused, smiling, after the comment he had made, then said, “Now, in our continued efforts to keep you up to date on the men who have proclaimed themselves to be God’s final two Witnesses, we have with us tonight Enoch, who many of you knew as Jack South, and Elijah. Veronica Magdalene, who is their assistant, also accompanies them. I am sure all of you have questions you want answered and we hope to get you answers for some of them tonight.”
John then turned to Enoch as the camera zoomed in and said, “Enoch, I have to say that during the ceremony, I was at a loss for words as to what occurred with the power of the staff you carried. You stated in your sermon tonight that this is the staff of Moses; the one he used when he appeared before the Pharaoh thousands of years ago, as in the Bible story known as the Exodus. Was the use of the staff tonight intended as a replay of the situation with Moses, Aaron, and the Pharaoh; or in this case Enoch, Reverend Marks, and the Bishop?”
Not waiting for a response John continued, “Then, although I am quite sure it was not planned by you, but the assassination attempt on live TV this evening was unprecedented. I am sure you will agree that what we have seen tonight is something that has never happened before in our times. In addition, we have noted that not even the local police or the security forces made a move. They sat and watched as if transfixed. Even the President’s Secret Service and the protection units for the other dignitaries, just sat there. Normally, they would have been all over the place with guns drawn. However, they did nothing. Well…it…was bizarre; to say the least. Can you explain this odd behavior? The other question I have for you…we want to know – did you know all of this was to occur beforehand?”
John had blurted out a litany of questions to. Enoch started to respond to them one at a time. “No John, not all of it. Let me start first with the Bishop and the staffs, the display in the heavens, and the basic sermon. Yes, that was all planned and part of what we intended to get the world’s attention. People need to understand God is serious and not relenting. The assassination attempt, I thought might eventually happen; that was a given. I am sure that it will not be the last attempt either. Many will later believe that I am personally causing all the grief in the world. Even though I am only the messenger carrying out Gods plan for the last days, I am still the prophet. Prophets are usually not very popular. The assassination attempt did not surprise me; it just scared me. For like you, I am also of flesh and blood. However, if you know your scriptures, neither Elijah nor I can be harmed for the next three and a half years.”  
“And the Secret Service?” John asked.
“As far as the President’s Secret Service, police and all other security personnel are concerned, I can only say that God stopped them from interfering. I hope you realize that He has power over humanity, so I am sure he interfered. I would suppose that he wanted the sermon to continue. As for the President’s part, coming out of the stands to confront the Colonel, he probably was an unwilling participant. God obviously wanted him to be a part of the message to humanity that He planned for tonight.”
Enoch paused, putting his hands together, and then lifting them under his chin. Finally, he said, “However, Elijah showing up tonight was as much a surprise to me as it was to you and the world. Nor was I aware of his comments and sermon. Those he made on his own account and were not planned by me or our staff.”
“Thanks for your comments, Enoch. I am not sure if you answered my questions or just added to my questions. Let us move on to another subject. The question I have is about your staff and the Bishop’s staff. How did you do it?” 
“I followed the orders given to me by God and did exactly as I was instructed to do. God did the exact same with Moses and Aaron. I followed his instructions and God took care of the rest.”    
“Were you surprised the Bishop had a staff to challenge you, or was that planned too?”
“No. God had told me that He would move the Bishop to do as he did. I, as I always do, just followed God’s instructions.”
“So you are saying that God wanted to prove His power over the Catholic Church here in the world; or what was the intent?”
“The intent, John, is simple. Going into tonight and into the future, I knew I was going to cause controversy in the world. Now was as good a time as any to confront a high-ranking member of the Church. Simply put, in God’s eyes the church he founded through Jesus through Peter is corrupt. Now he wants the Christians of the world to know it. If you know your New Testament, John, I refer you and everyone to the letters to the seven churches by John, the disciple, in Revelations. If you read these letters then you will understand that the Church is corrupt. This means humanity must look inward and find God.”   
“That is quite a statement, Enoch, and one that I am sure will not be taken well by the Church in Rome or other sects of Christianity.”
“I am not here to please anyone, John; just tell the truth. My ministry is to deliver God’s word and battle the evil here on earth. God’s hope is to save as many souls as possible during the time allotted. My other mandate is use God’s power to fight against the Antichrist, Satan or Lucifer and all his followers. This includes their assets, followers and their powers.” 
“What powers do they have, Enoch?”
“Control over food, shelter, money, life or death, destruction by drugs, alcohol abuse, pornography, and perverted sexual practices, just to name a few.”  
That is quite a statement Enoch. I am not sure what else to ask you. So, let me ask you a different question. You keep saying, “God told me.” Does he appear in person to you? Have you seen Him, or maybe even Jesus? How do you communicate with Him?”
“Simply by using prayer as we are all taught, John. When I pray for guidance, some sort of inner voice inside of me answers my prayers and instructs me about God’s plans. This is how I knew about the rains, the earthquakes, and the hurricanes that are coming. No, John, He does not sit and talk to me as you and I are doing now. However, as I have mentioned to you before, He sent his messengers, or as many would call them, ‘angels,’ to me. You may remember I mentioned them in our interview earlier in the week: Gabriel and Ariel. Moreover, John, they do talk to me just as you and I are sitting across from each other now. I refer you to Abraham in the Bible. Just as the three visitors described in Genesis 18, who Abraham entertained many thousands of years ago. However, one of his messengers was God. I have only had two and neither is God. It is just like that, John; just like that!” 
“So you are saying that the ‘angels,’ Gabriel and Ariel, are among us here on earth now?”
“They have always been here, John. In addition, Satan, Lucifer, or the Devil, as many call him is here among us. They have all been here from the beginning of creation; he and his angels. Remember that one third of the angels were also banned from the heavens and fell to earth along with him.”  
John then asked, “Any chance Gabriel or Ariel would do an interview, Enoch?” 
That quick question caught Enoch quite unawares. He grinned, realizing what John had asked, then, with a bit of a laugh he replied, “No, John, I doubt that they would. However, there will be a time, very soon, when all men of earth both living and dead, will not only see them, but all the angels. They then will of course, all face judgment before Jesus and God himself.”  
John sat back and decided not to take this line of questioning any further. It was all very difficult to believe and yet he had hundreds of questions to ask Enoch and Elijah.  
He made up his mind what to ask next, so he then turned towards Elijah and asked, “Elijah, are you the same prophet who was taken up by a whirlwind or a chariot of fire as described in the Old Testament?”
“What do you think, John? You had the opportunity to see, as the rest of the world saw, and hear what I said and did with God’s help today.”
John hesitated in responding. He realized Elijah had turned the question back to him. He rephrased the question, “Well, based on what you said and what I understood you to say, you made it quite clear that that is who you are, or who you claim to be.” 
“Then, John, your assumption is correct; but then I detect a bit of uncertainty in you.”
John then realized that this man was an absolute expert in interviewing. Elijah possessed an incredible amount of ability to use the right words to put it on the other person. After a few moments, as he gathered his thoughts John said, “Elijah, I have to tell you, I am having difficulty just asking these questions of you let alone answering the one you just asked me. If you look at the situation from my perspective, it is not just me but also the entire world for that matter. Now, for 2000 plus years since Jesus, God, the Bible and so on, have been based on nothing but faith, only for so many; no prophets, no proof of a God, absolutely nothing but faith. Until just a few days ago, there was no physical proof of the existence of a God, let alone the Christians’ Jesus. Now, Elijah, it appears that we have two real live prophets here. You and Enoch are the first physical evidence of God in the modern world since Christ. That, I have to say, is difficult to comprehend and even more difficult to believe.”  
“So, John, once again, if I may ask of you, do you believe we are who we say we are?” 
John hesitated on this question. The journalist in him wanted to stay neutral, but then he knew Elijah was testing him. His answer, he knew, would seal his fate one way or the other, in this life and the life hereafter. He tried to think of a way to avoid a direct answer and not affect his faith…but then, he did have faith. John made his decision.  
“Yes, Elijah, I do.”  
“Good, John. I know that was difficult to say and like the thieves on the cross with Jesus, you joined the one with the correct response and have made the right choice, not the wrong one. The promise of Christ for the one will also be your destiny when your work here on earth is done.”  
“Thank you, Elijah,” John replied, wanting to take the focus off himself for he knew his producer would make a comment to him about always staying neutral. He had just violated that rule. Moving on, he asked, “I know the world wants to know, Elijah, when did you return to earth from heaven. Was it recently or have you been here for some time? I mean, there are those who have claimed, especially the Muslims that you have appeared here on earth several times before today. You were supposedly at the transfiguration of Christ with Moses. There are also rumors that you were actually John the Baptist reincarnate.”
As John asked the questions, Enoch thought that this was a question he should have asked in his meeting at the cave. He leaned forward to hear Elijah’s answer. The other prophet’s animation and facial features as he spoke spooked him. He noticed that Elijah was looking directly into John’s eyes.  
Elijah said, “John, God’s angels, God’s servants, and God’s guidance and the holy spirit has been here since the creation of Adam from the dust. In modern times, you or anyone could have very well met one of us, maybe in a restaurant, on a crowded bus, or even sat by us in an airplane. I am sure you have heard such stories over the years where it seemed God had intervened in a calamity, a disaster, or even your world politics. We are like Lucifer’s angels here on earth. We come and we go, but until now, you were unaware of our presence here. Now you are. However, I will answer your question directly. I returned from heaven and have been in Israel since the founding of the country after World War II. I kept to myself and have lived among the Israelis for some time under various identities. I needed to be able to understand their hearts and help them through the difficult times of returning to the Promised Land. I have been there along with many other of God’s messengers and have overseen the promises of God to the Israelites, on behalf of God. Now, until a few years ago I was like many of God’s messengers; I was unseen. In time, I needed to make my presence known so I assumed the name, Shraya, and like in the New Testament, lived like John the Baptist lived and preached in the desert until today. Let me add, and this is very important for all to hear, I have a job to do to fulfill the final promise. This promise is that during the end times, God would reassemble all the Jews in the Promised Land, as He did with Joshua; which is why I am here.”  
Enoch noticed that Elijah again paused, never taking his eyes off John. The camera had Elijah’s full-face profile on the monitor and you could see his eyes were wild and intense. Enoch continued to be transfixed by Elijah as he continued.   
“Enoch and I are here to convert God’s people, also known as the Jews, to Jesus; to unconditionally make them know not only in their minds, but also in their hearts, that He is their Messiah. I am also here to help the Gentile’s Witness, Enoch, with his ministry to the gentiles, in the hopes of claiming the souls of men for God. All of this I have spoken of, John, needs to be accomplished before the final judgment, which is coming very soon.”  
After Elijah was through with his last statement, he bowed his head and was silent. Enoch wished he had his power with words and body language. John was staring at Elijah and his bowed head. Everyone was silent. All that could be heard was the equipment humming in the background until John finally asked Elijah another question.  
“Elijah, if I understand what you are saying, is it that God, His Messengers and angels having always been here with us on earth since the beginning of time?”
“Yes, you are right. Not all of them, John, but many have always been here. And, as I said earlier, when Jesus returns to earth,” here he paused, “you can read in the Bible that it will be with tens of thousands of angels, to do battle against the Antichrist, Satan, and his followers in the valley.” 
“When is the battle, Elijah?”
“Very, very soon, John; seven or less years to be exact, and counting down. Everything,” he emphasized, “you need to know is in the Bible. Chapters written by Daniel and John are a very good start to understanding. They left humanity the roadmap for you to understand your destiny.”
“Why then has your presence been shown to us here and now?” John asked. “What I am asking is that I don’t understand why all of a sudden God has instructed you to start what we know as the period of time called The Great Tribulation. Moreover, what has America, or the world for that matter, done to cause these destructive earthquakes, floods, and now the hurricanes coming, which will most likely cause the deaths of tens of thousands of people? I am trying to understand, but honestly, I am having difficulty understanding why now? Why is the United States being punished by God?”
“The answers to your questions once again, John, are in the Bible. However, I will try to explain and simplify it for you and your viewers. As time goes by you will understand more.”  
Enoch noticed that Elijah’s face softened as he leaned over, looking into John’s eyes, “Man’s rule is to come to an end and Lucifer and his followers need to be cleansed from the earth. It is as simple as that. Daniel, Jesus, Ezekiel, Jeremiah, John and other prophets foretold it thousands of years ago. Like in the days of Noah, the Days of Sodom and Gomorrah, the Tower of Babble, the exile of the Jews, man does not believe in God’s word. Man believes only in the flesh and the pleasures of humanity. Satan influences these desires of pleasure over God, himself. Now, the time of man’s rule is ending. Soon every knee will bow, whether living or raised from the dead!”  
Elijah paused for a moment. The fire Enoch noticed was still in his eyes as he continued, with his voice rising similar to that of a hell and fire preacher, pausing between points with emphasis on the last word. 
“Until then…”
“The wrath…”
“Of God comes your way…”
“And the kingdoms of man will be leveled! Then, John, after this time has passed, God will set up His kingdom on earth and the sin of man will be no more. All will be judged and even the dead will arise and also be judged according to their works.”  
Elijah was now sitting nearly on the edge of the couch. He continued in a louder voice, emphasizing each word as he said it.
“That is the promise…”
“In addition, as the scriptures say…” 
“This new world of God’s will not occur…”
“Without pain and destruction…”
“For man has turned against God!”  
Elijah sat back and Enoch noticed that he seemed to be calming down. He said very softly, “As for your question about America, it is simple, John. America turned away from God and His commandments. America’s early settlers came here for freedom to worship. When writing your Constitution, the founding fathers emphasized not only the right, but acknowledged that the country was under God. Your coinage says “In God We Trust,” yet you do not. Your Pledge of Allegiance says “Under one God,” yet many want it removed. Put yourself in God’s place as he looks down on a country that he blessed over many others. If you think about it, then you and all who are listening will have your answer. One more thing, John; America is not the only country God will punish, it’s just that you are one of the first.”  
“How long is this time period, Elijah? What else will happen in the near future?”  
“Once again, do you own a copy of the Christian Bible, John?” 
“Yes, I do.”
“Then read Daniel and the 70th week. Next, read the Revelations of John, the last book of the New Testament. In those scriptures are the timelines of events. You were taught as a journalist, like many others, to get the story correct. To do so you need the, Who, What, When, Where and Why, am I not correct?”
“Yes, that is what we are taught, Elijah.”
“Well, John, all the Who, What, When, Where and Why is in the Bible, explained in detail.”  
“So then, Elijah, and please excuse my limited knowledge of the Bible; I am not a scholar…but I do know some of what you are speaking of, so correct me if I am wrong. What you are saying then is that you are also here to battle the Antichrist and the Beast as described in the Bible, much like you battled Jezebel in the Old Testament?”
“Yes, John, that is right…also to save as many people for God as we can. Moreover, to help them believe in their hearts that only through God’s Son, Jesus is there any hope. Death is temporary, so is life, but for the ones who believe in Jesus Christ, life will then be forever.”  
“If you want to save people then why is God destroying so many? The disasters that are coming and the disaster in Southern California are Biblical in scope. So many are dying. I don’t understand.”  
“John, history has taught us one thing and one thing only. No matter how compassionate God is, humanity still rebels. Therefore, He punishes them. Much like a stern father punishes his son or daughter to teach them right from wrong. Man has had many chances and has failed. It is God’s time now and the world will listen to him. Death is temporary for those in Christ, John. They should have no fear of death, but for many, the time of God’s wrath rains down on the Antichrist and his followers. Death for them will be forever and the pain will last for eternity in the fires of hell itself. Once again, read the scriptures and know that God will soon return and empower His son, Jesus to take hold of this world, end sin, and destroy those who opposed Him. Those who follow Lucifer and choose to believe in the fruits of humanity and not of Gods will, as I said, be destroyed. Everyone has a choice. Many believers and non-believers will survive Tribulation. In addition, many will die, including believers and non-believers, in these disasters caused by God. Make a choice in your hearts, God, or man; it is as simple as that. The believers that die will have everlasting life, the non-believers will not.”     
John seemed intent on changing the direction of the conversation so he said, “Thank you, Elijah, for your candid answers. I am sure many will be getting their Bibles out and reading about this period and begin to make their own decisions; but I have another question for you. This evening you said that you wanted the Israelis to return to the Promised Land from wherever they are around the world, and that you would protect them. You also said that America is naught. What did you mean by your statements?”
“Exactly what I said; God is sending out a mandate that if you are Jewish, you are to return home. America has more people of Jewish descent than any country in the world, even more than Israel itself. The only real tribes right now in Israel are Judah and Levi. It is time for the others to follow suit. This means that the missing ten tribes dispersed throughout the world are to return to Israel.”  
“But, Elijah, if they all did pay heed to you and they all go back to Israel, how would the country accommodate all the Jews worldwide such as being in a position to provide housing, services, and jobs? I think there are around six to seven million Jews here in the U.S. and in Europe. There are probably an additional million or two – if I am correct in my assumptions, it is estimated that with non-practicing Jews and those who do not claim to be Jewish but are – this number could swell to twenty-seven million plus people. That would more than quadruple the population of Israel.”
“It is simple. This is the land given by God to the Israelites. This is the land, shown to Moses prior to God taking him. If Israel lays claim to its land then there is more than enough land to accommodate them. Those who are not of Jewish descent must leave to accommodate God’s people. That is all there is to it. God has now said, ‘come back’ to the Jews, and many will. Moreover, as I said, I will protect them during this period and any country that wishes to try to stop God’s will, shall pay the price. I can assure you of that.”
“Does the Israeli government know of this plan? Are they in concert with your mandate from God?”
“No, they are not. However, in a few days or a few weeks, they will be. I can promise you that all that I have said will happen and the Israeli government will do as God commands.”
“What you are telling the world is that God will step in and make the current government of Israel accept the additional millions of Jews in the world and displace the other people living in the area at any cost? I mean, Elijah, the Middle East has been in turmoil for hundreds and thousands of years and even more so lately since Israel became a nation. I doubt that the Palestinians, Syrians, Jordanians, and Iranians, just to name a few, will be very happy with this plan; God or no God.”
“Yes, you are right, John, definitely right; and they will all rattle their sabers. You may also note that right now, many of these countries are dealing with natural disasters, much like America. That was planned, for this is the beginning of God’s plan to neutralize men and their war machines. Right now, they must deal with their current disasters and war is not what they need. Nor could they launch an effective offensive in light of the disasters befalling them presently!” 
Elijah let his comments simmer a bit. Enoch could see the exasperated look on John’s face as the prophet continued bantering with him.  
“Now, John, regarding your question about America…as I said, America is not a major participant in this time of history. America’s power will diminish severely in the world. Yes, this country has been Israel’s protector but God now has other plans for Israel. Within a few weeks or months, the United States will no longer be the superpower it once was. Therefore, once again, and I cannot emphasize this enough, I am telling – no – commanding, that all Jews here must get out of America and return home while they can. Simply put, because America’s power and protection for them is soon to be totally neutralized by God Himself.”    
John sat back in the interview chair with his hands on the arms, gripping them a bit too tightly. He realized, after hearing Elijah’s last response to his question, that for the first time in his career, he was at a total loss of words. Without knowing what else to say, he decided to take a break to let some of what Elijah and Enoch had said sink in and gather his thoughts. He signaled to Don that they needed to take a break, and then he finally spoke. 
“Thank you, Elijah, I think your message is quite direct,” John said. 
Turning to face the camera, he continued, “We need to go to a commercial break and a news update. We will be right back with our interview with the two Witnesses from God.”
Chapter 12
10:20 PM Thursday Kansas City, Missouri - Liberty Memorial, Anchor Desk
John got up from the interview chair and told them that he would be right back; and as he left, it was as if he could not get away fast enough. Enoch watched him walk briskly to somewhere off the stage; maybe a break room or control room.  
He turned to Elijah and said, “You know by tomorrow morning, the Palestinians, Iranians, and most of the rest of the Arab states, along with Israel, are going to be in an uproar.”
“That’s true, Enoch, very true, but it will be fine. I know what I am doing, for this plan was laid out a very long time ago. Just follow my lead and you will see that it will all work out in the end as everything else has. Our main goal here, Enoch, is to get the Jews safely to Israel and rebuild the Temple. We need to do it now, for the world is going to rise up against us very soon, maybe, as you say, tomorrow. When that happens, we will punish those countries. However, right now we need the Jews to return from these countries which will soon prosecute them, as we are about to be prosecuted. We have three years or so to do a lot and that is very little time to finish our ministry. Don’t worry, Enoch; no one will attack Israel, and the leaders of Israel will do as they are told.”
Veronica interrupted them, “I need something to drink. Do you know where we can get something, Enoch?”
Enoch looked around and saw one of the technicians nearby; so he got up from the couch and went over to him. He pointed to an area behind some equipment. Enoch went back over to Elijah and Veronica and informed them where it was. They all walked over together to where a table had been set up with some snacks and various drinks.  
As they were getting their drinks, Don, John’s producer came over and said, “John will be back in about five minutes or so. He needed a break. You may not know this, but no one has left the city. They are all still out there watching the interview on the Jumbotrons. No one has left Arrowhead, Royals Stadium, or the Sprint Center either. I assume they will not leave until they know it is over. Follow me over here. I will show you.”  
As he turned towards the stage overlooking Union Station on the bluff, they followed him to the edge where both Witnesses had walked off in mid-air. Don stopped at the edge pointed down towards Union Station. Everyone was still there, their eyes glued to the Jumbotrons. They were quiet. All you could hear was the broadcast from the Jumbotrons. Some looked up and saw them, then others. All of a sudden, there was a roar from the crowd as they pointed towards Enoch and the others, screaming.
 “There’s Elijah!”
“There’s Enoch!”
Cameras were going off for they could see the flashes from the devices. Enoch waved and so did Elijah. They stepped back from their view and the crowd started quieting down. Enoch found himself wondering how much longer it would be before the crowds would be calling for their heads, not at all pleased to see them.  
Chapter 13
10:30 PM Thursday Kansas City, Missouri – Liberty Memorial, Anchor Desk
The producers once again seated them on the couch. John had returned. He leaned over and asked, “Is it okay to continue where we left off with Elijah?”
“That will be fine. You ask the questions and I will give you the answers.”
“Enoch, is this ok with you also?”
“Yes, John. I am in concert with Elijah.” 
Enoch noticed that as John sat back in his chair and the countdown clock continued to zero, he seemed to have regained some control after having had difficulty at the end of the last session. He also had on a new application of makeup.  
“Hello America and the world,” John said. “We are continuing our interview with the self-proclaimed Witnesses from God. Earlier, we were discussing Elijah’s comment tonight about all the world’s Jews returning to Israel, immediately.”  
Turning towards Elijah, John asked, “Now, Elijah, the Israeli government has no idea of your plans. Is that correct?”
“Yes, that is correct.”
“And you feel confident they will not interfere with either you or Enoch, and allow the Jews in, even if it means displacing other societies, and rebuild the Temple. Is that also correct?”
“Yes and no. No, they are not going to like it; but yes, they will eventually do as God has instructed.”
“What of Israel’s enemies who may say this is not acceptable? How are you going to protect them? As you stated earlier, America will not be able to help. Without America’s interference many will feel that now is probably a good time to destroy Israel.” 
Elijah then put his hand in his robe and withdrew an object from his pocket. He handed it to John. John took the small object from him, placed it in the palm of his hand and asked, “What is this?”
“Show it to the camera and I will explain.”
John moved his hand with his palm flat towards the camera. The cameraperson panned to it. As the image came on the screen, Elijah began explaining, “This is a locust, or a grasshopper, as many of you call it. I caught this one a few days ago in the desert. You see this particular species is what we call a desert locust. On several occasions in history, these insects have been used by God to get His point across.”
Pointing to the grasshopper in John’s hand, he continued, “These insects, as you know, eat grass and all green things. They eat their weight on a daily basis. These insects are usually undetected until it is too late. They then swarm and wipe out entire areas. They travel to their destinations by the winds of the earth. Therefore, if the winds blow north, they go north. If they blow south, the locusts go south.”
The monitor was split in half; one with the locust and the other side showing Elijah. His body language was very animated as he talked about his insect and appeared to be in good spirits. He seemed to like the part he was playing. Elijah continued with his explanation.  
“In the event that there are any attempts to stop Israel from doing what God has commanded by use of force will result in the destruction of that country by these insects. No individual, group, or any country will interfere with God’s commandment to the Jews of returning to Israel and rebuilding their Temple. Simply put, John, within 24-48 hours of an attack or even a threat to Israel that country or countries will encounter these little pests. So let their enemies beware. Moreover, it does not mean a major offensive against Israel. This is the warning. These insects will destroy any country that sends even one rocket or bomb into Israeli airspace or land. After destroying their crops in three days, the locusts will then infiltrate their homes, storage areas, stores, and granaries. There will not be one ounce of food left in that country.”  
Elijah paused then cocked his head as he smiled said, “I forgot…there is one other thing, John. Countries bordering Israel need to take the non-Jews into their countries and care for them, or they also will be destroyed.”
“What you are describing sounds like a direct threat, Elijah,” John said.
Elijah looked at John, shrugged his shoulders, and then with an expression of ‘what did you expect,’ answered, “No, it is a promise. Let me explain something to you, John. God does not have to detonate a nuclear bomb, destroy everything, and make an area uninhabitable to get His point across. He uses the powers of the universe, or as many call it, ‘Mother Nature,’ to do His will. Just like the current catastrophes in California, the rains in Northern Africa and South East Asia, and of course, the hurricanes approaching America. God does not permanently harm the earth, as man does, to punish humanity. The Earth itself is protected. After the insects leave, in time, the affected area will return to normal but the aggressors would have been punished. Therefore, I hope what I have told you make sense. To summarize what we have discussed so far let me say this. All who can hear my voice understand, and definitely beware of the power Enoch and I have in God’s name. As the scriptures say, we can, if necessary, cause havoc, pain, and even death to those who wish to interfere with God’s plan.”
John leaned forward to say something but then Elijah interrupted, “Also I might add, in the event that the leaders of Israel are not cooperative and do as God commands, the same could happen to them as well. The Jews are well aware of God’s wrath based on events over the ages; definitely more than the gentiles.”
John then asked, “So, Elijah, if I understand what you just said, if Israel is threatened by anyone, including the government of the United States, this calamity could occur to their country?”
“Yes.” 
“Then why, may I ask, has America been selected to be destroyed by earthquakes and hurricanes. We are Israel’s supporters and always have been.” 
“John, you are trying to bargain with God like Abraham did. There is no bargaining here. Both Enoch and I have answered your question before. Look at America; listen again to Enoch’s sermon tonight and then maybe you will understand. Know also, it is not only God who is punishing America; it is also the Antichrist and his agents who are destroying America, and have been for some time. Once you lost your way with God, America lost His blessing. Your money says, “In God, We Trust”…but is that true? No, it is not. The almighty Dollar is what America trusts, not the almighty God.”  
“Ok, back to the locusts, Elijah. So, say Iran denounces or attacks Israel over the eventual replacement of the Dome for the Temple. If I understand what you said, their country will be attacked by these?” John held up the locust. “And all that is green in their country will be consumed?”
“Yes.”
“The other command you made was for foreigners to leave Israel. What about the other people in Israel, specifically the Palestinians? What about them, Elijah? They live in Israel.”
“First off, the Palestinians live in Gaza, or at least they should. Even though that is Israel, their occupation there is acceptable. Foreigners have always lived in Israel, in the Old Testament days as well as now. The difference is that the foreigners continue to war against Israel inside its borders and that has to cease. The militant groups, such as Hamas, continue to cause destruction with suicide bombers and rocket launches, not always within Gaza but within Israel itself. That behavior will stop. I will make them wish they were dead…but not allow them to die. They will suffer greatly if this continues. I have the power of God to protect Israel from any enemies, either inside or outside their borders. I just made a statement that countries bordering Israel need to take these other people into their borders. So, other than the Gaza Strip, all other foreigners residing in Israel must leave. Israel is to be free of non-believers or Gentiles now.”  
“Are you saying that no Gentile can stay inside Israel?”
“Yes.”
“How will you accomplish this? Are you just going to kill all the non-Jews?”
“No, we are not going to kill them. They will leave on their own I assure you. I suppose you could relate it to something like this; if you don’t fit in, why stay?”   
“What if they decide to stay anyway, what then?” 
Elijah smiled and said, “I told you earlier, John, you can’t bargain with God as Abraham did. If I answer you then you would say if it is one foreigner, two, and so on. So once again they need to leave and they will.”  
“It appears then, that the world has a mandate from God regarding Israel.”
“Yes, that is correct. Once again you, like many, need to read the scriptures. The time of man is ending and God is going to protect the Israelites no matter what. The Temple will – be – built, as I mentioned a few moments ago. Any country or group that wants to stand in God’s way will pay a price similar to that of the ancient Egyptians and their Pharaoh. There will be no negotiations, no diplomacy. If He chooses, God can strike down one man in a crowd of many and only harm the one. His powers are not restricted as man’s powers are.”  
“I still do not understand why God would destroy entire cities or countries. Look at the U.S. We have had the California earthquake, which is the worst disaster we have ever had and now the hurricanes starting on Monday. I just do not understand. Can you explain it to me?”
“John, you are repeating yourself about America; but I will try once more to explain to you. As I have said before, man’s time is over and God’s judgment is at hand. Unlike in the days of Noah when he only saved Noah’s family and wiped out all the rest of humanity, he is now, once more and for the last time, giving man a choice. This time God is not wiping all life from the face of the earth as in the Great Flood. Instead, he is giving each and every person walking on earth, a choice. That choice is simple. Trust and have faith in what God promised through His son Jesus or believe the promises from the Antichrist. This ungodly man is here among us and he will fight against Enoch and me. He will lead an army of millions of unbelievers against God and His son Jesus at Armageddon. Man has to make a choice.”
“So, God is giving mankind one more chance to believe in Him and His son?”
“That is right. However, as I have said before, the Antichrist will have a different story to tell the people. He will tell you that the God of Israel is a tyrant and can be defeated. Enoch and I only have three and a half years to accomplish God’s goals here on earth. Then, as the scriptures say, the earth will belong to the Antichrist so that he can assemble his army and prepare for the return of Christ. It is all in the scriptures. If you believe them, then do as they say; and if you join them, be prepared to pay the price for eternity.”
John then turned to Enoch, “Enoch, how do you feel about all of this that Elijah has just said?”  
“What Elijah is telling you is that his purpose is to do as he has done in the past and that is to turn the Israelites back to their God. This has been occurring since Abraham. Fortunately, for the rest of humanity, Jesus also gave salvation to the Gentiles. My purpose here is to turn the Gentiles towards God and Jesus, not the almighty American dollar. Elijah is to deal with the descendants of Abraham. As I have said before, the things you have seen so far will pale in comparison to what is going to happen here on earth in the next few months and years. In a very short time, most people on earth will hate both Elijah and me; for men want their gratification at any cost, even if it means eternal damnation and separation from God. Many will believe what the Antichrist will promise through Lucifer. We know all this, and as Elijah just said, we all have a choice.”
“Elijah,” John asked, “once again, to clarify your position, what of the Arabs and Muslims in the world? Tearing down the Dome of the Rock will not sit well with them and there will be worldwide repercussions from this.”
“The Temple was there long before the Dome, so as I said before, that is God’s holy place and it will be there for His son in Jerusalem when he returns. You will find in scripture that both the Israelites and the Arabs came from Abraham’s seed. The difference is that Sarah was married to Abraham and her son Isaac is the line of the twelve tribes of the Israelites and the line to Jesus Christ, not Ishmael from Hagar. Therefore, they, like the Gentiles and even non-believers, must understand that God wants His people and His throne returned. When God and Jesus return to earth for judgment, He will sit in the Temple and it will be ready for Him.”
“One more question about death and destruction, Elijah. How many will die before Christ’s return?”  
Elijah turned his head from John, placed his hands together in his lap and looked down at them. When he finally raised his head, for the first time there was sadness in his face. He said, “There are around seven billion people alive right now on earth. In the next three and a half years, according to Revelations, close to one quarter will die. After Enoch and I are gone, the Anti-Christ will then kill as many as another third for believing in Christ and for other reasons. So, John well over half of all humanity will be killed and or die in the time of sorrows or the time of Tribulation. In addition, during the battle of Armageddon all followers of the Anti-Christ will die…every one of them! That is in the Bible, John. It is all there. There are no surprises here, just God’s word.”  
“That is catastrophic, Elijah! I mean, I am having a very hard time understanding why.”
“It’s simple, John. Once again, men turned away from God. A recent survey during your last election said less than half of Americans even believe in God and even fewer attended churches or synagogues. They are registered and counted as followers and believers but they do not participate except maybe during Christmas or Easter. Outside of Western influences of the world, very few believe in God. However, in certain parts of the world especially in some Middle Eastern countries, the governments are persecuting Christians. They are even crucifying Christians in certain parts of the world; and it will definitely get worse, especially after Enoch and I are gone. So, like I said before, as in the days of Noah, God became angry, and I promise you, right now He is very angry with His creation.”  
“What of the Muslims then? Are they not men of God? You yourself are one of their prophets. And what of the Buddhists and other world religions who believe in one God, just not the Jewish God?”
“I am going to answer you in very simple terms anyone can understand. The passage into the kingdom of God is as follows: since the death and resurrection of His son, which is detailed in the Bible that anyone can read or hear the words of John 3:16, the concept of God changed. So whatever God you worshipped before, then you who have ears or have heard the good news should heed the following.”  
Elijah went silent and they were all watching and waiting for him to continue. He had his head bowed and seemed to be praying. Finally, he raised his head and said, “If you believe in a monolithic, one and only God, then you have to accept Jesus Christ, His son. Not as a prophet – as both the Jews and Muslims believe – but as your savior. Acknowledge that He died for your sins and the sins of all humanity and will come again to judge the living and the dead. It is very, very simple. If that is not your doctrine then you have chosen your fate. Most Jews do not believe in Jesus either but they have a choice, as all men do. It is not enough to believe in one monolithic God nor has it been since the resurrection 2000 years ago. However, by the time Enoch and I leave the earth, 144,000 Jews will evangelize the gospel of Jesus to the world, in spite of the Ant-Christ. And they will be protected by God when we leave.”   
“So what are your next steps, Elijah, if I might ask?”  
Elijah seemed relieved that John had changed the subject. He did not seem eager to answer any more questions about the other religions of the world.   
“I am returning to Israel to begin the work I started when I had to fight against Ba’al. I will stay there and you will hear from me, I am sure, daily, in your world headlines. Enoch will travel the world before he joins me in Jerusalem, and preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ. He will show the power of God to the nations.”
 He stopped and then looked directly into the camera and said, “However, one last important thing and let me warn everyone on earth. Enoch, like me, has the power of God in his hands and in the staff of Moses that you saw today. Those who wish to cause us, the missionaries we appoint or our followers, any harm, will pay with their lives and eternal damnation. We have a mandate from God Himself of what to do; and we will do it at any and all costs.”  
He paused then looking directly at Enoch, he said, “Just by opening his mouth, Enoch can cause disaster, famine, extreme heat, floods, earthquakes, and even death. Therefore, all the powerful people of earth who interfere in our work while we are here, be warned. Provoke Enoch and you will pay a price for your actions. Soon, John, the entire earth will feel the power of God in every home and every hamlet, in every country. Soon, John, we will be the most hated people ever in history, surpassing even Hitler in the last century. When our time is finished, John, you will see us slaughtered on the streets in Jerusalem. There will be much celebration, for we will be dead…but not for long. As the scriptures say, Enoch and I will rise from our deaths and ascend to heaven with ‘The Father and His son’. It is in the scriptures. Everything we have discussed is available to you and all others in God’s word.”
“Is that the final word, Elijah?” as John addressed him then looked at Enoch. 
“Yes, for now, John, that is all,” Elijah, replied. Enoch nodded a ‘yes.’
 “John then looked over at both men, as he said, “Thank you for coming here, Elijah and Enoch, and also you, Veronica. I appreciate you being so up front with those of us here listening throughout the world, even though I have a grave concern for the people of earth. Nonetheless, at least you have told us your plans and you’re reasoning.”  
John then looked over to Veronica and said, “One more thing I wanted to ask, Veronica. Are you the one who was with Enoch in Israel?”
“Yes, I was. I have been with Enoch since he left New York on Monday.”
“What is your part in all of this, if you don’t mind my asking?”
“I help with transportation and communications for Enoch and Elijah, when necessary. I also handle security for Enoch.”
“Did you just happen to come into this or have you been a part of this group for some time?”
“I knew Elijah when he was in the caves and through him I converted to Christianity from Judaism. He told me the story of the last two Witnesses and asked if I could help, especially with Enoch’s training to be God’s Witness.”
“Didn’t you used to be with the Israeli Secret Police or the Israeli Army?”
“Both, at one time, John, but I resigned my commission with them several years ago. After I converted, I worked with Elijah. At the appointed time I came to America to lay the groundwork in preparation of the arrival of Enoch and Elijah, including security and transportation.”
So you knew about all this a long time ago, I mean Enoch and Elijah, and the time we are in now?”
Yes, John, I did.  
“Are you going with Enoch to Mexico City?”
“Yes, I am.”
“I guess you keep track of his itinerary. Where are you going between now and next Friday?”
“We are hopefully going to be traveling in a convoy through Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas, and border cities on the Rio Grande, then onto Mexico City. Sort of like the old time revival meetings; hopefully one each day. That is, of course, unless other things interfere with those plans.”
“I take it you are driving then?”
“Well yes, John, sort of. Instead of revival tents, we have an RV that converts into a stage, with its own sound and lighting system, along with a Jumbotron, so many can see and hear. That way Enoch will be able to reach many people throughout the Americas. We will ship all this to other continents as we continue on a worldwide tour.”
“That seems like a lot of work, Veronica. Hopefully we will be able to get some pictures of this convoy and the portable stage system in action.”
“I am sure you will, John; and before I leave here tomorrow I will give you our itinerary. Most are rural areas.”
“Thanks, Veronica. I am sure that people will want to know where and when they can see Enoch.”
He then turned to Enoch and said, “I guess, Enoch, we will see each other again in Mexico City?”
“Yes we will, John, but if you will let me say something to the world before we end the interview.”
“Yes, of course.”
Enoch turned and faced the camera closest to him and said, “You have a choice today, tomorrow, and every day, until your time has ended. I will pray that you and those among you have the knowledge and have seen the way of salvation. The choice is yours and may the Grace of God and His Son Jesus Christ be with you.”
You could hear the response of thousands of voices from the crowd below, “Amen.”
Enoch waited until the noise subsided before continuing, “America, take heed. The time of sorrows will not end with the hurricanes but will continue. Moreover, to the rest of the world, realize that God’s wrath will visit your countries, especially those who persecute Christians. For the great day of His wrath has come—and who shall be able to stand? In time, all will realize there is but one God and one savior, Jesus Christ, either before death or after death. For even after death you must stand in judgment before the throne. 100 billion people have been born on earth and lived at one time or another. Everyone will be judged, absolutely every one!”  
He heard the Amens and then it became a thundering sound from the streets below. He smiled, knowing that they had at least reached some with God’s word and His plan.
Enoch turned to John and said, “I will be seeing you in Mexico City, John.”
“Yes, Enoch. I will see you then.”  
John turned to the camera and said, “We will be right back with more coverage of the two Witnesses from God.”
Chapter 14
10:45 PM Thursday, Kansas City, Missouri – Liberty Memorial, Anchor Desk
They were still on the couch. Enoch turned to Veronica and asked, “So, we are not going directly to Mexico from here?”
“No, you will be traveling by bus. It is one of those RV types and we have many stops along the way. Mexico City is set up for next Friday night, outside of the city. We will begin building the infrastructure for you starting tomorrow. We already have the permits and Luke’s people are already in process of shipping equipment by truck from here.”
“There are lots of Catholics in Mexico City, Veronica. They may not like what has been said about the church by Elijah or me, for that matter.”
“It is okay, Enoch. We know what we are doing and if you think this crowd today was big, wait till you see what happens there.”
“You know I don’t know much Spanish, or at least enough to communicate. How will they understand me? Are you going to have interpreters there for me?”
“Many speak English, Enoch, but here is what will happen; you will speak and they will understand every word you say.”
“How is that?”
She looked at me, shook her head, and then said, “Tonight, I thought you had crossed the threshold of questioning God on any matter, but you continue to do so. Enoch, God takes care of everything. You should know that by now.”
Elijah stood then looked over at John and said, “I have to go now. I have enjoyed speaking with you, John, and hope you will continue your good work here with Enoch. You know that it all gets more difficult from here. You may not want to cover us any longer.”
“I understand, Elijah, I really do, but I guess we will cross that bridge when we reach it.”
Elijah offered his hand and John shook it and then bowed. Elijah put his hand on the top of John’s head and said, “The grace of God be with you, John, and also His protection. Like us, you are about to enter the dens of lions.” He removed his hand, turned, and left.
Enoch stood with Veronica, as they also got ready to leave.
“I will see you in Mexico City, John,” Enoch said, again.
“I guess then that the interview is over?”
“Yes.”
“Godspeed, Enoch,” John said as they left.   
Chapter 15
6:45 AM Friday, Jerusalem, Israel – Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein’s Office
Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein turned off the television they had been watching since around midnight Israeli time. It was turning into a very long day. 
As the interview with Elijah or “Shraya,” as he was previously known, ended he turned to Yona, one of the two chief Rabbis for Israel and said, “What do you think, Yona?” Before Yona could answer, he added, “What I am asking or what I mean is if this is really Elijah, the ancient prophet, and are we to do as he says, no matter what?”
Yona was not sure how to answer the Prime Minister. He was not sure, if he should say what was in his heart or what the Prime Minister wanted to hear. His entire life of learning the scriptures and interpreting them had always centered on who would come first, the Messiah or Elijah. He always felt that Elijah would be first, paving the way for the Messiah. However, he was having difficulty understanding why Elijah was saying that Christ was the Messiah. Therefore, he decided to take a middle ground in answering David. 
He said, “I think the last thing that Shraya or Elijah said was that he is coming here. We need to talk with him before we decide what to do. In the meantime, we can wait. Nothing needs to be done right now. In addition, I have no fear of reprisals from our enemies in the immediate future. The rains Enoch predicted are occupying many of our enemies at the moment and war is not at the top of their agenda.” He was usually not very politically outspoken. He paused a moment to reflect on what he had just said. David was still staring at him, waiting, so he added. 
“With that in mind, if I had to say one way or the other, I would lean towards him telling us the truth about being Elijah and that we indeed need to listen to him. If he is who he says he is then I would refer you to the scriptures when he fought against Ba’al, Jezebel and their kingdom. God will not have mercy on us whatsoever if he is truly Elijah and we do not do as he tells us.”
“This is all crap, Prime Minister!” Meyer Branlin, the Director of Mossad spoke up uninvited into the conversation. “This guy has been in the desert as long as I can remember and he is a nut; always saying we are a corrupt country that has lost its way. He and this Enoch must have used technology to pull off those stunts and yet half the world believes them. Thanks to them, my – I mean, our – entire country is now on alert. I can promise you that the Arabs and the Palestinians are on our doorstep and neither the Iranians nor the Jordanians will take kindly to us even thinking about destroying the Dome. You, Prime Minister, need to immediately get on the airwaves and issue a statement that we are not going to do anything this Elijah has said we must do. Destroying the Dome would be a political mess and definitely bring the entire Muslim world down on us. We would then have a real mess defending ourselves.” 
“I will take your comments under consideration, Minister Branlin,” David said with contempt.    
The Prime Minister turned again to Yona after Meyer’s outburst and asked, “Yona, what he said about the locusts destroying any country’s crops if they should think about attacking us sounds like a biblical prophecy. What do you think?”
“That is the way God does things, David. Look at the other witness. He has been one hundred percent right on all his predictions thus far. I disagree with the Minister of Defense.” 
Yona looked over at Meyer and said, “No disrespect, Minister, but I believe that we should not do anything against God’s wishes; for if we do, we will then be punished by God until we understand and accept His wishes. Look at what God has done to us in the past; and we all knew that when we returned to the Promised Land, we could expect God to return also. In my opinion, that is what appears to be happening. In addition, I agree with you, Meyer, for it would not surprise me if in a few hours one of these countries nearby threatens us. Moreover, if Elijah is right in his prophecy, then God himself will attack these countries. We need to wait and see if Elijah does as he says. From there we can make decisions.” As he finished speaking Yona returned his gaze to his lap.  
The Prime Minister nodded his head in affirmation then said, “So, Yona, we should wait and see if Elijah is right and if he can protect Israel using God’s power?”
“That’s what I would do, David, if I had to make the choice. That is definitely what I would do.”
“Okay. Suppose for a moment he is Elijah and he is from God. What do we do then?”
“Build the Temple.”
“What about the Dome?”
“Blow it up, I guess. I am not sure, but maybe Elijah can help us with that when he comes back to Israel.”
“Bullshit!” Meyer said.  
“I said earlier, Meyer, I would take your position under consideration. Right now, this is a discussion to get an idea of where we are. Now, either excuse yourself or calm down.”
“Sorry,” Meyer mumbled.
The Prime Minister asked Shlomo Mendel, Israel’s Defense Minister, “Do you have anything to add at this time?”
“Well, I can assure you that if we blow up the Mount, the entire Muslim world will come running with every bullet, stick or rock they have, towards us. I am not sure we want that or to even consider inviting that situation.”  
“I agree with you,” the Prime Minister replied. “Maybe there is another solution. What, I am not sure. I suppose we wait for Elijah to talk to us and see what he has to say.” 
Chapter 16
11:00 PM Thursday Kansas City, Missouri - Center City, Aafre Waldger’s Suite
Aafre looked over to Cardinal Richital and asked, “That was interesting, don’t you think, Cardinal? They are attacking your church and threatening to destroy the Dome of the Rock on the Temple Mount. That will really get tempers rising in the Middle East and other areas heavily populated with Muslims and Catholics.”
“I am not concerned with them attacking the church. Many have tried over the past two thousand years and to no avail. I do not see it as a concern. However, I do agree that the Muslims worldwide are not going to take this lying down. That, Aafre, we can be assured of.”
“Well what about this locust plague he has threatened. Anything you can tell me about it?”
“The last time their God used the locusts was during the days of Moses and the Pharaoh. This was one of the plagues that Moses inflicted on the Egyptians during his attempt to free them from slavery. So, in my opinion, and of course, based on what we just saw tonight and in the past few days, I would say, yes, he may well call upon his God to do this.”
“So who do you think will react first, the Arabs, Jordanians, Egypt’s new government, maybe Iran or even Syria and their counterparts ISIS that are taking over northern Iraq?”
“Most likely, Iran. They think they are invincible and will want to try Elijah’s patience.”
“Iran is quite fertile, is it not?”
“Yes, for the Middle East, it is very fertile, with a lot of green for the locusts to eat.”
“We will have to wait and see if they react or not. It is early morning there and the riots against Israel or the U.S. should be starting soon. They always do under these circumstances. Then we will see if the locusts come as their hothead President threatens Israel; for I know he will…I know he will,” Aafre said smirking.  
Chapter 17
8:30 AM Friday, Tehran, Iran – Supreme Leader’s Palace
The broadcast from the United States with Elijah and Enoch had concluded. President Shasahvar turned to the Ayatollah Shahin, and said, “It appears that this Elijah wants to challenge the Arab and Muslim world. In not so many words, he has said that our beliefs are wrong. He went on to attack our fundamental belief that Mohammed the Khatim an-Nabuwwah, last in a series of prophets sent by Allah, is not the real prophet, but Jesus. Now, we do believe that Jesus will return to earth near the Day of Judgment to restore justice and to defeat al-Masih ad-Dajjal ‘the false messiah’, also known as the Antichrist. This we believe in. But, that Jesus died for our sins, we cannot accept. He came, he preached to the Israelites, and was taken back to heaven. If we and our fellow Muslims do not take a stand over this blasphemy and do nothing then we will appear weak and the people will not understand.”
“Mr. President, I understand what you are saying, but I am concerned that Elijah may well be the Elijah from the Hebrew Pentateuch and the Qur’an,” the Ayatollah said. “If this is so and we threaten Israel, then he may be able to call down God’s power to have our country overcome by locusts.”
“Are you telling me that you are converting to their religion? You are the highest-ranking Muslim in the Arab world. How dare you say that their religion is right and ours is wrong?”
“That is not what I said, Mr. President. What I am saying is that there is a possibility that he can do this. That does not mean that I no longer believe in Mohammed and Allah.”
“Good, then that means you are with me, because I am going to call his bluff. I do not believe in the Hebrews or their prophets and especially Jesus Christ. I am not even sure he even existed.”  
He stood and started pacing, as he usually did when ranting, “I need to get our people in the streets denouncing Israel for threatening our holy shrine through their false prophets. Then I will go on national TV and tell the Israelis that if they move one rock from the Temple Mount, all of the Arab world will be at their doorstep. This issue may well finally unify the Arab world as one and then we can put an end to the Israelis for the last time. America is too weak to help them now, so the timing is right. I will lead the Arab world against them for Allah and put an end to this insanity once and for all.”
“If we attack them,” Ayatollah Shahin said, “then Israel may well use their nuclear weapons and destroy us.” 
“We have them too as you well know. The weak Westerners never were able to stop us. They did not have the guts after wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. So it would be tit for tat, as the Americans say.”  
As he sat back down staring at Ayatollah Shahin, he knew that unlike past Ayatollah’s, this one had little power or guts. The real power in Iran was the office of the presidency. He could now do as he chose. Opportunity was finally in front of him to unite all Muslims and the Arabs, with himself at the forefront. He would take this to the ends of the earth, he thought. He would become Muslim’s-greatest-hero-since-Mohammed.
Chapter 18
7:00 AM Friday, Jerusalem, Israel – Prime Minister’s Office
“Prime Minister, sir?” the aide asked as he opened the door to David’s office. “I have a communication for Meyer Branlin,” as he walked in and handed it to the Prime Minister, as was protocol. David thanked him. When the clerk had gone back through the door, David handed the envelope to Meyer, who opened it and read the contents.
After a moment, he said, “It appears that Elijah or Shraya, as we had known him, is on his way back to Israel and will be landing in about 10 hours in Tel Aviv or around 5 PM tonight.”  
The Prime Minister asked to see the message. Meyer handed it over to him. David read the short note. When he was through, he placed the paper on his lap, leaning back in his chair, as his thoughts turned to his earlier training as a young man. The scriptures were constantly being drilled into him as a child. He had memorized many of them. He remembered reading the sections about Elijah personally appearing before the Messiah’s coming. He knew from scripture that Elijah and Enoch were taken to heaven by God. He also knew there was no written record that either had died. The question that perplexed all religions that practiced belief in a monolithic God was that no man could ascend into heaven. This was the problem with the Bible and the Pentateuch. It was a matter of interpretation.   
This past week, the Witnesses were all they had been hearing about on the news, as well as the natural events they seemed to be causing: the rain, the earthquakes, the oncoming hurricanes, and melting ice caps. Their long-time ally would probably be paralyzed for some time. Now, Elijah was stirring up the Middle East and even threatening his own country.
Had God really decided that now was the time and that he was to be the leader of the Israelis during this time, which as of Monday, was now becoming biblical? Was this when Israel would need the best leadership possible? The final countdown God had promised would come and make Jerusalem the capital of the world and the Jews would finally receive His blessing. Wars, famine, fear, and anger would eventually disappear. Was it possible that this was now true and that the Temple would be rebuilt? Maybe that meant that Elijah knew where the Ark of the Covenant really was and they could put it back in the Temple.
The Prime Minister closed his eyes and imagined the wonder of the Temple being rebuilt once more and the return of God.
He sat back up in the chair. Knowing that they had been watching him while he daydreamed he decided it was time to go. Like them, he needed to get some rest.  
He then said to them, “Let’s get some rest, it is going to be a long few days coming up. We need to decide what we are going to do. Elijah will be here in ten to eleven hours or so. Shlomo and Meyer, please contact the committees of the Knesset and let them know we will be speaking to them within twenty-four to forty-eight hours about this Elijah issue. So let’s say we get back together,” David looked at his watch, “around 5:00 PM, here. Meyer, make sure the first stop for Elijah, once he steps on our soil, is here in this office.”  
For the first time today, Meyer smiled and said, “Oh, but I will make sure that is what happens, David. Of that I am sure.”    
“Now, if you don’t mind I would prefer to get some sleep. It has been a very long night and I think in the next few days sleep may not be an option. Let’s take advantage of a few hours rest while we can.” 
At that, he stood, as did the others, and they all left the office.     
Chapter 19
11:10 PM Thursday, Kansas City, Missouri - Center City, President Richard Stevenson’s Suites
President Stevenson, like everyone else in the world, was glued to the TV. He had Jamal and his wife with him, who he noticed, sat as he the wonder of the night’s events and the interview with Enoch and Elijah. Waldger had told him to bring only Jamal with him to the meeting. He said additional staff would be awkward.   
He was at a loss for words. The world had changed almost completely overnight and even as President, he could do nothing, at least for the moment. The U.S. was under siege with the earthquake in California and the oncoming hurricanes. According to all their resources, they were definitely going to occur. Years of peace talks in the Middle East that he and his predecessors had been working on for years, had been destroyed in one night by this Elijah.
To top it all off, tomorrow the meetings with Waldger would begin and he was sure that the merry-go-round was going to continue. Waldger would start to do battle with these two Witnesses immediately and anyone else who stood in the way of his plans.  
Stevenson also knew that Aafre would hold him accountable for the attempted assassination on Enoch. Aafre had been very specific about this. None was to threaten or in any way hamper this Enoch. The fact that Ken Giles had had Enoch kidnapped in Israel, and his murder or assassination almost immediately thereafter concerned the President. For now, it appeared that he had been, as the saying went, ‘thrown under the bus’ by his own director by instructing the Major to kill the witness or attempt it. There would be hell to pay for that action from Waldger, for the Witnesses were hands off. 
As he reclined in his chair, he thought back to when he had decided to run for the presidency. He knew that Waldger’s group had selected him. No person could or would be elected to power in the United States without Waldger’s blessing or that of any other western country for that matter. They had the money and they had the power. They owned almost all the media and people listened to their beloved newscasters and voted accordingly. All the rhetoric, promises made and the other party’s candidates were irrelevant to the elections. Even if it was not going Waldger’s way then he could manipulate the voting system. 
Since most elections were now conducted using electronic systems it was easy to ensure that whoever Waldger wanted elected, was who was actually elected. The people never knew that their vote did not really count.  
When he had learned that he would be the next president of the United States he had done everything he was asked. No questions from him, he had followed the script. He spoke and acted as instructed by his handlers. That was the path to the top. In his mind, he thought that in spite of their control over him, he could make a difference. He soon found out that was not to happen. The bottom line was that he was only a puppet in their control. He and other members of most Western governments were all being controlled by someone, one way or the other.  
He could go against their wishes if he wanted to, but most likely, that would not be a healthy choice. To do so would invite certain death or something similar. Somehow, a slip up would occur in his protective detail, then that would be it.  
How he let himself get into this position, he would never know. He guessed that the cliché ‘power is absolute’ and corruption was a reality. This he knew made him as corrupt as the next man. He had sold out a long time ago for the power and the prestige. However, in his heart he wished he had managed his life differently.  
For the first time ever, he was not only concerned for the security of his wife, son, and himself, but was also afraid for the country. The reality of it all was that they lived day-to-day based on credit from other countries. All of which was controlled by the Waldger Group. If they said, no more, then the U.S. could not even be able to buy enough oil to fuel the Air Force, let alone the Army. Additionally, there were the people themselves to consider, who would be unable to sustain the standard of living the US had enjoyed over the years especially since World War II.  
Tomorrow was going to be a difficult day, filled with difficult decisions. He had no answers. He and his country were at the mercy of the Waldger Group and the two Witnesses from God.
He had known of Waldger’s plan long before it happened this week, but never understood it or really believed it. Even when he became President and was briefed on how the system worked by the people who really controlled the world, he had figured not on his watch. Well that did not work out.  
They had explained to him that they were looking for someone similar to Enoch and or Elijah to show up someday who would rage a war against the governments of the earth. He did not believe it then and really thought it was just stories to control others. Now the past few days had been a wakeup call.    
Here were men who could control the climate, the winds, the rains, and even the movements of the ground.  
When he became President, he had been given information that was not available to the public. This information, as he found out, was only known to a select few. This concerned UFO’s and other strange comings and goings. They had unsuccessfully attempted, on several occasions, to intercept these craft, but to no avail. They were too fast and could disappear whenever they wanted. Their best aircraft would be right beside one of these and then, poof, it would disappear.   
Like his predecessors, he had also been given plans of action in the event of an invasion. On paper, there was a standing agreement that the U.S. would join the rest of the world to fight against threats from above. He laughed to himself, as he mouthed ‘alien invasions’ under his breath.
These concerns, however far in left field they were, came with the job. From conversations he had had with other leaders, these plans were considered only to be the paranoia of the leaders involved in the Waldger Group, especially Waldger himself. No one really thought any of this would ever occur. But then, they did have tracking evidence of many unknown aircraft for the past seventy-five years and there was no explanation for that either.  
Now these Witnesses were here claiming to be the forerunners of the Jewish Messiah, and the Christians’, Jesus Christ, as described in the Bible. Therefore, that meant that maybe Elijah, and possibly Enoch, were from another world. It was all too hard to comprehend and he had no answers. It just did not seem possible.  
He looked up and directed his gaze towards Jamal, who had been quiet since the broadcast had ended.  
 “Jamal, what is your take on this?” Stevenson asked.
“Well Mr. President, I have to tell you, I really don’t know. It seems like a movie where some screenwriter has gone off the deep end. I find all of this difficult to digest or believe. I suppose we will find out more at the meeting tomorrow.”
“I guess you are right, Jamal. Maybe we will find out more tomorrow.”
There was a knock at the door and Jamal got up to see who was there. When he opened the door, a secret service agent handed him a communiqué. Jamal said, “Thanks,” and bought it over to the President. 
Stevenson unfolded the pages and started reading. When he had finished, he said to Jamal, “They are protesting all over the Middle East, in spite of the rains. I guess Iran’s leaders have publicly announced that if one stone is touched at the Temple Mount in Jerusalem, they will use weapons of mass destruction and destroy Israel.” Stevenson continued reading the communiqué aloud. “Israel has placed its military on high alert in anticipation of military action. It also appears that the Russians are backing Iran. They have stated that neither Israel nor anyone else should remove or damage the Dome of the Rock. Do you have any suggestions or thoughts, Jamal?”
“No, Mr. President, there is nothing we can do right now. Let us wait until tomorrow. It is very late and we are both tired. As we know, many of these countries may just be gesturing. Let us wait and see how the rest of the world reacts and hold off any decisions until then.”
“I am tired too, Jamal. Nevertheless, we need to get hold of the Secretary of State and have him keep the Israelis calm. Have him try to contain any hasty action by Israel until we know more about what is really occurring in the world and with these Witnesses. Also Jamal, have you heard from any of our Cabinet members and their plans for their families since we are temporarily closing Washington?”
“Most have relocated their families to their home states unless they are to be affected by the hurricanes. The others have arranged accommodations with other family in non-affected areas. Most are en-route to Cheyenne.”  
“Ok, I just want to make sure that everyone is safe, and of course their families. As you know, after the meeting here with Waldger we will be meeting up with them there, along with a contingent from Congress and the Justice Department. Do you think we are overreacting on this one, Jamal? I mean closing down D.C.?”
“No, Mr. President, we are not overreacting; for if Waldger felt it was necessary to bring everyone here to Kansas City for an emergency meeting and also see this witness perform, then it is serious, very serious. I do not think that either Enoch or this Elijah is anyway through with America or the world. In addition, as we know the hurricanes predicted are on their way. From the last updates on the hurricane that will be hitting Houston on Monday, this will be the largest hurricane ever to hit us, not counting what is right behind it. No, Mr. President, we are not making the wrong decisions; for I can tell you, we cannot even begin to protect the East Coast and the Gulf from the destruction that is going to occur. This is what they call biblical.”  
“I still cannot fathom what has happened this week. It is supernatural, Jamal, quite supernatural.”  

Chapter 20
7:00 AM Friday, New York - The Network Studios
The announcer began, “Welcome to the Network Morning Show, the number one network news program in the world, with your host, Brad Williams, and his co-hosts Catherine Kwan and Nancy Arms. Now, here is Brad Williams with the day’s headlines.”
Brad turned towards the camera, “As we all know, last night in Kansas City, these so called Witnesses from God put on quite a remarkable show. It was, for all intents and purposes, one of the best acts I have ever seen, even in New York and Las Vegas.”  
“Let’s get serious here,” Brad looked at the camera with his trademark expression of ‘you have to be kidding me.’ 
“Walking sticks turning into snakes and one devouring the other; lightning that was like fireworks in the sky; and then Jack’s levitation act, who by the way, is now calling himself after the biblical name, Enoch. This ridiculous show was just too much to comprehend. So we gathered in some experts last night on how they were able to do this and make it look real enough to dupe the entire world.”
“Please note that our regular news format will begin soon after this special segment featuring these so called Witnesses. After this display of arrogance and trickery on the Bear News Network last night, we have changed our format for today so that you can see, firsthand how each of you has been fooled by these Witnesses. Therefore, with the urgency of giving you the right information, we are introducing our guests earlier in the show. All other news will follow and there is a lot of it that you need to hear and see.”  
“We have as our first guest today, Mr. Tony Aquila, who is a world renowned magician and who is currently headlining in Las Vegas. He has the inside track as to how these Witnesses performed their so-called miracles; how they did it and tricked the entire world.” Brad turned towards the monitor behind him then said, “Tony.”
“Yes, good morning Brad. Like everyone else, I was quite amazed at what Elijah and Enoch were able to do on such a wide scale. But if you have ever seen one of my shows, you would see that we can do almost the same things with the use of what we call tricks of the trade, which as you well know, are nothing but illusions.”
“My staff and I have to apologize, Brad, but we didn’t have time to re-create the walking sticks to snakes trick they performed last night, but I assure you this trick I could do right here on this stage. However, I promise you we will. By tonight, we will have worked it into our evening show here in Las Vegas if anyone wants to see it again. Therefore, if you are in the Vegas area, please come to our show this evening. There are two evening shows; one at eight PM and another at eleven PM.” 
“Really, Tony? That would really be great. I would like to see that.”  
Smiling as the good showman he was, Tony said, “We can do that, Brad. We will tape the show then send it to you for tomorrow’s broadcast. Just so you know, over the next week, we are going to do our entire show on these Witnesses. It will feature the snake trick, the standing in midair trick, and maybe even the thunder and lightning trick; but we have to be careful with pyrotechnics because the show is done inside, here.” 
“Speaking of the storm clouds appearing from nowhere, in your opinion, how did they do the clouds gathering then darkening and the trick with the thunder and lightning, Tony?”
“That, Brad, was really not such a great trick, for most likely, the lightning and thunder were just special fireworks that were probably shot from planes, not from the ground. That gave the illusion of coming from heaven. It would have been a combination of smoke, special fireworks and a variety of other things most professional pyrotechnic persons know how to do.”  
“What about the walking in thin air Tony? That was pretty impressive.”
“That, Brad, was simple. They had a translucent platform placed out there that they could walk on. Our guess is the platform installation occurred when they set up the stage. Now, with good lighting techniques as we use, you would never see it. We have done that before and it is an old trick, not a new one. But here, let me show you and your viewers how it is done.”  
Tony walked across his stage to where there were a metal set of steps that went about 15 feet into the air with the cameras following him, he then said, “We took the liberty of bringing in one of our props last night after you called. We have done a variation of this trick before. So now I will show you and the world how easily you were deceived last night.”  
Tony walked up the steps, and then said, “We set this up earlier on and as you can see there is nothing past these steps.”  
Tony then stepped into what seemed to be thin air and said, “See, I am walking and now standing in thin air, or so it appears. As you can see, Brad, it looks as if I have no support. Now we will change the lighting to allow you to see the translucent platform I am standing on.”  
The lights were changed and the platform became visible. 
Tony said, “So, as I said, like last night, it is just another magician’s trick of illusion, Brad.” He tapped on the platform, which gave the impression of walking unsupported in thin air.  
“That’s amazing, Tony; and you have done this on such short notice. So I suppose that what you are telling our viewers is that you could, given time, reproduce every trick that the Witnesses did last night while deceiving the world.”
“Yes, we could. We just need to work it out. I make a living entertaining people using the magicians’ tricks of the trade. All magic is an illusion to fool you. Given time and the right script, we can make anything happen.”  
“Amazing, Tony, and we do appreciate your hard work on such short notice to show our viewers how they were fooled last night by these so called Witnesses. Thanks.”
“Our pleasure, Brad, and to be honest, if this witness thing doesn’t work out for them, I would love to use them in my show. The pay is great!” He laughed aloud and then winked at the camera.
“If you have any additional questions, let us know, and look for the tape tomorrow.”
“We will, and once again, thank you, Tony.”
Brad then turned back towards the camera and said, “There you are, America. It is apparent that what you saw last night was just an illusion. They even had me going for a while until our investigators started checking on how the walking in the air trick may have been accomplished. Simply put, this was no divine act of God; just very slick operators who have set out an agenda, for whatever reason, to deceive us. I would suppose that their intent was to cause chaos in the world, which is exactly what they have done.” 
“In other news related to these Witnesses, the two men have caused total havoc in the Middle East by their trickery. There are people protesting and rioting in the streets of Iran, Egypt, and other Muslim countries, in spite of the rain. Rioting like this has not occurred since the overthrow of the governments in several countries in 2012 and 2013. The difference now is that they are rioting against what they call ‘Zionist Imperialism’ and that Elijah was just one of their agents.”
“Israel itself, however, has not commented on any of the statements made by the magicians” he paused, and then said, “Sorry, I meant the Witnesses, as to the status of the Dome of the Rock.”
“With all of this in mind, we are sure there are still questions about who these men are. Are they for real or are they really fakes? We decided to look into the power of these Witnesses, who claim to be able to control the earth’s tectonic plates and weather patterns.”  
Brad paused then, looking at the camera again with his trademark look. Finally, he said, “To make sure that you are properly informed, we have been looking first at Jack South or Enoch, as he is now called, and his predictions regarding the earthquake and the oncoming hurricanes.”  
“In order to get the proper scientific explanation we contacted Yale University. Today we have with us Doctor David C. Barnes from the Department of Geology at Yale University. He has also been studying these predictions made by Enoch, and the meteorological patterns occurring now as well as previous occurrences of similar activity from ancient records.”   
Brad again turned towards the monitor, “Doctor.”
“Good morning, Brad,” Doctor Barnes said. “First off, I want to thank you for having me on your show today to help dispel the fraud being passed around by these so called Witnesses.”  
Doctor Barnes then walked from a desk towards a whiteboard, where he had drawn some graphs and figures in what appeared to be a classroom setting. He then said, “What we have found, Brad, is that it seems that somehow Jack, now Enoch, has stumbled across a pattern that has occurred several times before in the world.” 
He pointed to the board using a pointer and said, “In this column you can see where earthquakes that are equal to or larger than the one in California have been recorded.”
He flipped the board over. Looking into the camera he said, “Recently we had a well-known researcher prove that there is a way to predict major earthquakes. As he pointed out in his book, earthquakes generally occur during a full or new moon and within three hours of dawn or dusk. As is the case with these quakes listed on the board worldwide supports theses scientific findings. You will also note that the current California quake also followed this principal. If anyone had paid heed to this scientist’s work, they would have been able to predict this quake.”     
He turned from the board and stood in front of it, smiling and holding his pointer in both hands said, “Most likely this Enoch somehow calculated the right timing using this information and took a chance that he was right, and of course he was. The reality is we could have done the same but we quit predicting earthquakes for it caused too much panic.”  
“That’s an interesting theory, doctor,” Brad replied, “so what you are telling us is that we do have the ability to predict earthquakes, at least to a certain degree of accuracy?”
“Yes, Brad, that is what we are saying. Of course we have a lot of experimental formulas to project probabilities and they are so far almost ninety percent accurate.”  
“What about the rains and the on-coming hurricanes that Enoch has taken credit for, doctor?” 
“Brad, this strange weather pattern may not have happened recently, but it has happened before; so the rains that have begun in Northern Africa and the hurricanes will naturally become fiercer. This is common knowledge. If you research it, you can figure it out. It seems Enoch had done just that and therefore came up with his prediction.”
“So really, his prediction was nothing more than an educated guess and he happened to be right.”
“That’s right, Brad, and the same is probably true for the other predictions. He surely had someone help him figure this out, for   science rules the universe, not some aliens, or gods, as many call them.”
“Thanks for your input, doctor. We appreciate your very hard work to bring us up to date. Please stand by and we will let you explain more in detail to our audience about your findings.”  
“That will be fine, Brad. We will work with the Network to dispel any and all of these profound predictions the Witnesses have made.”
Brad then turned from the monitor and looked back into the camera, “Well, there you have it. Finally, we have an explanation and the truth about these Witnesses and their madness. What appears to be happening here is that Enoch and Elijah are just good magicians and have put together a plan to cause havoc on the earth and scare people out of their wits. Why, we do not know; but I would expect that our government would start an investigation immediately and bring this to a halt.” 
Letting that sink in for a moment, Brad continued, “Speaking of Enoch, the State Lotto from which he claimed his prize has stated that they are looking into possible fraud charges regarding his lottery winnings. It appears that Enoch, as he is called now, may well come under scrutiny by several of the Attorney Generals Offices of these states, per our sources. What they are saying is that it appears Enoch or Jack South may have been able to manipulate the numbers after all. According to unnamed sources at lottery headquarters, the authorities are looking into the allegations and there may well be enough for a Grand Jury indictment. Would not surprise me if they had somehow fixed the lottery, for they seem to be able to manipulate and fool a lot of people.”  
“In other news, the Waldger Group is having its meetings starting today, in Kansas City. We will have the exclusive coverage of their proceedings here on The Network, and will be having live interviews with the participants later today. Please stay tuned in, for only the Network will be broadcasting live from the meetings.” 
“Later in the news, we will be going to Houston, Texas, where they are preparing for Hurricane Alex, which is expected to strike there on Monday. In addition, later in the show, we have other guests, one who is a well-known biblical scholar and author of end time books. He has said that the Witnesses are false prophets and tell lies and their so-called power only comes from the devil. As he said, and will explain later in the broadcast, the rapture has not occurred and nothing can happen until then. We will have even more in-depth analysis of the fraud being exercised by these two so called Witnesses, as the broadcast continues.”  
“Other news we will be covering today are that the overseas markets took heavy losses last night, especially in banking, insurance stocks, and commodity markets. Oil futures have skyrocketed due to the knowledge that many US refineries will be shut down indefinitely due to the hurricanes. There are also concerns over reduced output in the Middle East due to the rains. US Treasury Notes are being dumped in overseas markets. Some said that overnight, investors are considering US Treasury notes as junk. In Japan, on the Nikkei and China Securities Finance Corporation stock markets, almost all American stocks lost nearly thirty percent or more of their value. It now appears that China and other Asian countries are pulling out of American Capital Markets. As you all know the New York Stock Exchange is closed till Monday and so are CBOT in Chicago and the Pacific Exchange in Los Angeles.” 
“We will be right back.”  
Chapter 21
6:30 AM Friday Kansas City, Missouri – Bears News Affiliate Studios
Don and John were watching their competitor’s network, as was the custom at their Bear News affiliate studios, in Kansas City. Brad Williams was back to his old tricks of lying between his teeth. Evidently, the Waldger Group wanted to discredit the sermon last night by calling Elijah and Enoch frauds. John wondered how much they had to pay the guest from Las Vegas to make his statements and setup the fake walking in the air scenario.
“John, that was a lot of crap that came from them this morning,” Don said, interrupting his thoughts. “I can’t believe they went to this extreme, and then to put the Yale professor on. The fact is we cannot predict earthquakes, period. What this professor said was a pure lie. We are trying, but to date, according to the US Geological Society, we may have an idea where earthquakes may occur but not when, and not to the exact magnitude and time of the quake, exactly to the second as Jack predicted. This is not counting the death and injury toll he predicted, correctly.”
“I agree. I really don’t know how they convinced the professor from Yale, one of our leading educational institutions, to lie. The BS he talked about on weather patterns are from thousands of years ago and even that data is suspect. I guess we should have known that the disinformation process would start soon.”  
John thought about the lies as usual from the Network, then looked over at Donald and said, “I noticed that they are doing the exclusive coverage of the Waldger Group meetings today. First off, the Waldger Group has never invited anyone from the press or news media to their meetings. They are usually kept secret, very secret. Strange, this is so very strange.” 
“With this being a first and everyone’s curiosity about the Group, I assume their ratings will probably start going up tomorrow,” Don said, “This will especially be the case if The Network has some more juicy information from Waldger that the public would like to hear about the Witnesses and their so called fraud.” 
“I don’t know, Don. All I can say is that we will stand by what we saw and what we know. It will be up to the viewers to decide who is right and who is wrong…but I wanted to ask you another question about something that is bothering me and I need to get with our legal department, I suppose.”  
“Sure, what’s the question you have?”
“The question I have is if they do declare martial law here in the U.S., can they censor the media?” 
“I don’t know, John. I have never thought about it. This is America and freedom of speech is guaranteed by the Constitution.” Don paused, thinking about this statement then asked, “But why do you have a concern all of a sudden?”
“Well, I am concerned because I think they can and there is a rumor going around that, like in California, where they are currently under martial law, when the hurricanes hit they well may declare martial law in those areas also. That would include all the states along the entire Eastern Seaboard and the Gulf. Now I was thinking that since we already know The Network is the government’s darling, they would naturally be the one to handle the emergency broadcast rules that can be put into effect by the stroke of a pen. That would put a muffler on us and other broadcasters for some time. Moreover, if that is the case, I am not sure what that will mean for us. You and I both know we are the people’s sounding board and definitely not in the government’s best graces most of the time.”  
“I suggest you do as you know you should do. Call legal at Corporate. It can’t hurt.”  
“I think I will do that after the morning broadcast. In the meantime, I need to get on the air here soon with the day’s news. I am sure people want to know our take on last night unlike Brad’s lies. We have Elijah and Enoch’s interview, the rain in Northern Africa, hurricanes, refugee status in California, and finally what Enoch and Elijah are doing…especially what they are doing!”
John turned to walk towards the broadcast booth, stopped, then turned around to face Don, “One other item Don that’s on my mind; have we been able to get any coverage from any of the temporary refugee camps in California?”
“No, they are not letting anyone in at all. There are some rumors of shortages and less than favorable conditions, but no confirmation. They are literally stopping all reporters at the gates. Bear, like everyone else, has a crew outside Twenty-Nine Palms, but they are just sitting there. We only have some footage of trucks and busses going in and out.”  
“What about The Network; are they in?” 
“No, they are not even there outside the gates! Last check, not one truck or one reporter was there, it’s like, how can I say it, they don’t want to cover it.”  
“Really, I guess if they are not there then for sure, the government is not going to let anyone in. Then they know there is probably a tight lid on this. Anyway, can we get one of our people in under cover like we did in Guantanamo during the time the 911 prisoners were being held there?”  
“Already in the works, John. As soon as I get some confirmations I will let you know. In the meantime, we have a lot to do and we need to get ready, it is almost airtime and we need to begin discrediting Brad’s BS from his show this morning. I had the writers write up some summaries for you to help offset their garbage news.”
A runner came across from the newsroom with a cell phone in hand calling out and waving to John to get his attention. John turned towards the runner and as he approached him asked, “What’s the rush?”
“You have a very important call. I had it transferred to my cell because I think you may want to take this call.”  
“Who is it?”
“Mark Anderson, Jack’s attorney. I mean Enoch.”
John wondered why Mark would be calling so early. He took the phone and placed it to his ear, “Hello, Mark.”
“Yes, it’s me, John; glad I was able to catch you before your morning broadcast. I have some news for you that you might use in regards to the lies and slander put forward by Brad Williams.”
“What do you have?”
“Well, first off, you know we were suing them for breach of contract and slander from Jack’s first interview. Well, after I heard their lies today, I got my assistants out of bed in Chicago and told them to finish the suit and add the recent slander. I also asked them to fax you the copies of statements from the Lottery officials that there was absolutely no problem with the payout or the drawing. You see, before Jack took the money, we thought that someone would start rumors like this, so we covered those bases up front.”
“Great, Mark, and when will the suit be filed and how much?”
“9:00 AM Central time in federal court in Chicago. We are suing The Network for two hundred and fifty million; Brad Williams for using the words fraud, liars, cheats, etcetera, five hundred million. But, hold on, John; that’s not the best part!”  
“Oh?”
“You saw the part with the Yale Professor today, right?”
“Yes, we did, and it seemed a lot of gobbledygook…no science there. Why do you ask?”
“Well, I have some friends in the Science Department at Yale, and I called them from Enoch’s room. We had a talk, they agreed with me, and they said that first thing this morning, they will be calling a press conference and are censoring the doctor for putting the College at risk.”
“Really?” John said, “That’s great news, but why are they doing that?”
“You see, no one can predict earthquakes or hurricanes and they all know it. I rather put it in their minds that they were at risk of suit the next time there was an earthquake resulting in damage. They agreed with me and based on what the professor said, that the next earthquake that takes place, which Enoch does not predict would be on their doorstep. The basis for suit would be, ‘you said, on national TV, that you could predict earthquakes before they happen. Why didn’t you warn us?’ They do not want to be a part of the lies.”  
“So what time are they doing the press conference, Mark?”  
“9:00 AM Central Standard Time. They are not wasting any time.”  
“I will see if we can get a correspondent there by then to cover it live.”
“Good idea, John. I asked my associate to fax me the document they will use in the press conference and you will get it first!” 
“Thanks, Mark, thanks ever so much. Now I know why Enoch hired you.” 
“Thanks for the compliment but I am not through. I also talked to Luke. You remember that his firm does all Jack’s setup, advertising, etc. Well, anyway, he is also sending out a statement that they did not put a platform in, as the magician in Vegas suggested. He is also contacting his attorneys to notify the magician they intend on filing a suit if they do not get a retraction from him and The Network. See, it will all work out now, and Brad will have egg all over his face.”
John broke out in a big smile, for he liked nothing better than catching Brad in lies. 
“Thanks, Mark, I will go look for the fax and please send us a copy of the suit as well.”
“Will do, John, will do,” Mark said before hanging up. 
John did a little jig then called Don over and said, “Guess what!”








Chapter 22
6:30 AM Friday, Kansas City, Missouri Center City – Enoch’s Suite
Veronica, Mark, Reverend Marks, Luke, and Enoch were eating breakfast in Enoch’s room and had been watching the morning news. They decided to watch The Network instead of Bear News, for John Roddenburg’s broadcast show times were an hour later.
They watched the magician from Vegas, his remarks, and his display of walking in thin air with intense interest. They all laughed at the comments made by the Professor, but Brad got their attention with the comment about the lottery issues.
After seeing some of this, Mark excused himself, saying he needed to make a few calls immediately.  
They all sat and chatted while Mark was on the phone. After about a half hour, he was still on the phone. He called Luke over. He held the phone to his chest as they talked. Enoch overheard Luke say, “I agree…,” then Mark went back to the call.  
A few minutes later, he rejoined the others with a big smile on his face.  
“I just got off the phone with my team in Chicago and we will file the papers in Federal court today, plus we added the lies that Brad spread today to the suit. And I have some really good news.”
He was excited, Enoch could tell. “I got hold of a friend of mine at Yale and he told me this professor Brad had on will be censored today by the college for making false statements and putting the college at risk. You see, if another earthquake were to occur, people could sue the college for not warning them about a quake coming, and since this professor said they could do it, they are at risk. See how simple it is to nail liars. Luke here is going to send a letter from his firm demanding a retraction. Being a part of fraud would ruin his business. I also called John Roddenburg and gave him the skinny on all of this. He will break the news in his broadcast this morning. That will put Mr. Brad Williams on the defensive!”
“Great job, Mark,” Enoch said, “and you did all this while you were on the phone over there?” 
“Yep, just a few calls and presto; we have an instant Brad killer!” he said as he smiled from ear to ear.  
They all clapped and everyone told him what a great job he had done.  
Mark then said, “If you will excuse me then I will try and see if I can get a flight back today…I have a lot on my plate. I have a ticket back but it is not until tomorrow afternoon. It is going to be tough, for the airports are jammed here with people coming for the Waldger meeting and leaving after the sermon last night.”
“Mark,” Veronica said, “You can take our private jet. We will not be using it for a few days. I will make the necessary arrangements for you.” Without waiting for an answer, Veronica then stood and walked over to use the telephone to arrange for Mark to return to Chicago.
Thomas turned to Enoch, “Am I going to Mexico City to set up like here, Enoch?”
“Yes, you will. I thought you knew that.”  
“Well, I assumed so, but no one really said anything definite.”  
“Well, you are it my friend. I assume your passport and other travel documents are in order?”
“They are. I can leave as soon as you would like.”  
“As soon as you wish, work with Luke here. You did a great job here, Thomas. Now, any line on local flavor in Mexico like you did here in KC; some things like their music, choirs, and maybe Mariachi Bands?”
“I am sure I can come up with something. As a matter of fact, if it is OK with you, I have a person I have used in the past when I needed cultural advice, from the Hispanic population in Chicago. Would it be OK if I offer him a temporary assignment with us?” 
“I don’t see a problem with that, Thomas. Just let Veronica know what you need for money and she will take care of it.” 
“Thanks, Enoch; we will make Mexico City even better than KC.” 
“I am sure you will, Thomas, I am sure you will.” 
Veronica hung up the phone and then came and stood by the other men. “They have to file a flight plan for you, Mark, but they think they can get you out of here around 11:00 or so. Is that alright?”
“Yes, I can be ready by ten to leave for the airport. It’s only about twenty minutes away.
He stood, wiping his hands on a napkin.
“With that piece of information I must take my leave. I guess I will see all of you soon.”
“Yes, you will,” Enoch replied. They all stood up to say goodbye. Veronica gave him some instructions regarding the plane, and which hangar to go to at MCI. Mark then said his final goodbyes and left.  
Right after the door closed behind Mark, Luke said, “Well, I must be going also. As I told Mark, I am going to sue The Network for lying about my company falsifying information over the issue of the platform. I need to contact my attorney. Mark said to pressure them to retract their statements.”  
“Was that the reason Mark called you over a while ago?” Veronica asked.
“Yes, he quickly explained it to me and I told him I would help.”
Luke then got up from his seat and said, “Enough chatting, I need to get going here for we need to make sure we get all of the necessary equipment trucked out of here. Then, maybe the people will believe it is over and let this city get back to some sense of normalcy. By the way, did you see the crowd this morning? They have turned their attention to the Waldger Group. They are carrying signs that say, ‘The Antichrist,’ ‘World Government,’ ‘No Martial Law,’ and so on. There are a few directed towards you, Enoch; ‘False Prophet,’ ‘Liar,’ ‘Lucifer,’ etc. Looks like the Waldger Group’s PR is in high gear with the shills they put out there, so expect some bad press.”
“Well, we knew that would happen. There will be a lot more demonstrations after next week, about Elijah and me. And they will only get worse.”
“We have our own people out there also. We know how to do the same thing. There is always them and there is always us. It makes the world go around.”
“Yes, it does.”
“Like Mark, I have got to leave you all.  
“Luke turned to Reverend Marks and asked, “You coming with me? It is your show. I just pack it, move it, and set it up.” 
“Sure Luke, I am ready.”   
As they left, Veronica and Enoch said, “See you in Mexico City.”
When they were gone, Veronica said, “Okay, let’s discuss travel arrangements and the next few days.”
Chapter 23
6:45 AM Friday Kansas City, Missouri - President Richard Stevenson’s Suite 
As was typical for his mornings, the day’s news snippets were on the table as he had his coffee. The CIA and the FBI gave these to him daily…the first Presidential briefings of the day.  
There were quite a few dispatches worldwide. Most were issues with the rain in North Africa and the Middle East. Most of the countries there had declared martial law and were scrambling to move people to higher ground and shelter.
Many of their allies in the affected areas were having difficulty with handling the mass of people needing relocation. Most of the rivers were in or past flooding stages; and the rains were literally wiping out infrastructures in major cities.
The European Union was providing relief efforts for them as well as they could and they were also getting help from China and Russia. Normally the U.S. would be heavily involved, but with the California earthquake and the oncoming hurricanes, they needed to hold their reserves close to home.
The situation in Southern California was becoming epic and the death and injury count was almost to the number that Enoch had predicted. FEMA was starting to experience problems in the refugee camps; but as of now, the media had not gotten a hold of that information. But it was only a matter of time.  
Brigades from other bases in Southern California were now supplementing the National Guard. It appeared that people were living in tents, without adequate blankets, clean water, and food. The supply chain was breaking down in getting supplies into Twenty Nine Palms. Simple things like showers and restrooms were overburdened. The Air force was rerouting supplies for both refugee camps and drop parachuting body canisters into the Southern California area, for the dead. The body count and disposal was an absolute mess to deal with. There were just too many. 
Hurricane Alex was currently right on track for the eye to hit the Houston area on Monday morning. The rains were starting but they were light now. The satellite images revealed that the hurricane already covered the entire gulf. 
The other hurricane predicted, named Bosner, was right behind it. From the satellite photos on the weather channel, the entire Gulf and Atlantic were churning from the two hurricanes. The third was already forming off the coast of Africa.
Many of the Caribbean Islands from Aruba to Jamaica had already seen the fury of Alex. With winds in excess of 120 miles per hour, and unprecedented rainfall up to fourteen inches, they had few chances. Most of the infrastructure there were either destroyed or not functioning. The U.S. Virgin Islands were also included in this carnage and the second hurricane, Bosner was coming along almost on the same path.
Other information was that the CIA Director was currently under house arrest in Washington for his part in ordering the assassination on Enoch last night. Stevenson was concerned about what Aafre would do about this, for the Ken Giles murder was still highly suspect. Ken, on his own, had tried to take Enoch down by turning him over to the Israelis.  
This entire situation was getting out of hand. As Stevenson watched Brad Williams this morning and the disinformation going out about the Witnesses, he became even more concerned that the two prophets might challenge Brad. He had lied about them on his broadcast and the Witnesses may cause even more destruction in retaliation towards Brad’s lies. Then Enoch had already said this was just the beginning. He did not want to antagonize them and this broadcast seemed to be aimed in that direction. Definitely, that had Waldger’s touch.    
The rioting in the Middle East had reached epic proportions with the threats made by Elijah last night. The President of Iran had gone on the airwaves and threatened to destroy Israel if they moved one rock from the Dome of the Rock. Elijah had told John Roddenburg that any country threatening Israel would experience a plague of locusts.
The Waldger Group meetings would begin in about two hours here at the Center City. That meeting would probably decide the fates of many individuals and countries. Aafre had invited the American ambassadors from both China and Russia. They would, as he knew, be representing the Shanghai Cooperation Group. Iran, Pakistan, and India were not invited, as were several other third world countries. Of course, the oil baron states would be there which included Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and so on. They, like Waldger, had all the money.  
Aafre had asked if Stevenson could speak with him one on one this morning before the meetings. This concerned him. Normally they were never public about their associations; but it seemed they no longer cared. That was obvious, for everyone who was anyone was at the sermon last night. That would have never ever happened before.   
Another concern was that he might be expendable like Ken Giles was.
Aafre had said something about a champion, which Stevenson took to mean his new selected world leader. He had read the documentation sent to everyone from Monday’s meeting about the end time plans that had been drawn up. They were quite vague and dealt more with economics and the movement of world assets in order to protect them from the Witnesses. He was not sure whom this Champion was or what he was to do. Maybe the meeting was to talk about that and that Aafre was planning to elevate him to that position. He just did not know.
As far as being President of the world’s largest super power, he could not even make a decision on anything right now without someone else’s approval. He was entirely in Aafre’s hands. Whatever The Waldger Group wanted was what he needed to do. If what they wanted was the sovereignty of the U.S., that was going to be difficult to hand over.
The news media was still speculating about martial law. The legal steps required by law were completed. Therefore, when it became necessary to implement the law, no one could complain. Approval by the Justice Department was in hand. It would probably go into effect sometime after the second hurricane hit. Then the other storms were coming just a few days apart and the major destruction of the U.S. would be apparent. Without martial law, there would be total chaos.
Congress was currently in adjournment. The individual legislators had gone to their home states to prepare for the oncoming disasters which had been predicted. For a change, no laws were being passed; which was probably for the best.  
So many things to think about yet there was so much more he had to do.

Chapter 24
6:50 AM Friday Kansas City, Missouri - David Matthews’ Suite
Since his arrival in Kansas City, he had been handling things for Aafre, acting almost like a personal secretary.  
He had spent most of the previous day digging into Reverend Marks’ background, trying to find some dirt on him. He had found some. After his divorce, he had been sexually active with some of his followers in New York. One woman, with whom he had had an affair, had become pregnant and the Reverend had paid for the abortion and allegedly paid her off for her silence. Other than that, there was nothing else on him.  
Armed with some blackmail material, David had called Reverend Marks. He had played the part of Aaron in the Moses story from the Bible last night. He offered him a bribe to get him away from Jack South and his team. David told him he would get his own TV show, and would spearhead a new religion. Marks had declined. David then asked about the woman to which Marks reply was that God had forgiven him for that. The Reverend asked if there was anything else, after which he hung up. David did not pursue it. He did not want to.  
He was in a bad situation. He had the feeling that he was on the wrong side of this entire situation. Over the last few days and for the first time since reading about these end times from scripture and other writers, he now wanted salvation himself. However, he had a problem. He was almost second in charge with the group even though he made no decisions. However, he knew that after last night, God would hold him accountable.     
David well knew that failure when working for The Waldger Group meant possible extermination. There was no way out of the organization and he did not know what to do. In his heart, he believed that these men truly were Witnesses from God and that whatever god Waldger had, was not the true God.
Last night, he had accepted Jesus while at the rally. Fortunately, for him, he had not been seated with the dignitaries, and was able to get on his knees when Jack gave the invitation for all to profess their beliefs. As a born-again Christian, he now needed a game plan.
In less than an hour he needed to be ready for the first meeting with the leaders and members of The Group. For the first time, there would be no hiding of the dignitaries attending and they were being very open as to who attended. Usually these meetings were discreet, to say the least. Some members attended without the public ever being aware of it. Now it seemed they wanted people to know their allegiance to The Waldger Group and major world leaders, like the President of the United States.
Today, Aafre had told him that he had invited the Speaker of the House, third in line for the U.S. presidency, and without President Stevenson’s knowledge. Aafre gave him strict instructions to register him under a false name at the hotel and keep him concealed until he himself gave further notice.  
Robert Cain, Speaker of the House, was third in line for succession of the Presidency; in the event that both the President and the Vice President died or became incapacitated. Upon the death of the President, the VP would assume office and would appoint a new VP who, per the Constitution, had to be ‘confirmed’ by Congress. This new law was the result of passing the 25th amendment in 1967. and was put into effect after Kennedy’s assassination.  
The first time it was implemented was when Vice President Spiro Agnew resigned and President Nixon appointed Gerald Ford as VP. Then, Nixon had resigned and Gerald Ford became president. He then appointed Nelson Rockefeller as Vice President.  
David had a very strange feeling that somehow, Robert Cain being here under secrecy would somehow cause the government to have to invoke the 25th Amendment again. Aafre never did anything on a whim; he always had a plan, always.  
David had been reading about the Witnesses and prophecy. At first, he had thought that maybe Aafre would be the one to battle the Witnesses. Now, with the Speaker’s presence, maybe Aafre was just meaning to give him or someone like him the power. David could get none of this out of his mind since last night.
What bothered him the most – and it was just one of those things that caused the hair on the back of one’s neck to stand on end, was the name, Cain. The Cain from the Bible had killed his brother, committing the world’s first murder. Somehow, deep down, he felt that that was important. Silly but he was usually right about his intuition. Something was going to happen and very soon.    
David was not sure what he was going to do, but for now, he would act as he always did. Maybe he would figure out how he could do his job without offending God and Jesus Christ. It was not his desire to spend eternity in hell with the Beast. Maybe he could help the Witnesses in some way and still do his job for The Waldger group. Maybe he could do something. 
Chapter 25
7:30 AM Friday Kansas City, Missouri – Center City, Enoch’s Suite
Veronica had stayed with Enoch a while to discuss the upcoming schedule. She told him that they were staying today to start the attack on The Waldger Group in the streets with the people. They also discussed his family and she agreed that contacting them would only put them in harm’s way. Veronica said she would explain to them that he needed to be about God’s work. He still wanted to see them but he guessed that like the disciples who left everything to do as Jesus asked, he was in the same boat.  
He looked out his window from where he could see the mass of people outside the hotel. Even this early, they were shouting out slogans like, “Down with one world government.” Many signs were being displayed that read, ‘Down with the Antichrist,’ ‘We are Not Slaves,’ and many more. He even saw a few against him.
People protesting was a normal occurrence. Every meeting Waldger ever had drew a display of protestors from all over the world. Today, since so many people were still here, the crowd was much larger than normal for a Waldger meeting. If history were any indicator, they would probably become more volatile as the day wore on. It was wall-to-wall people as far as Enoch could see.
In addition to this, he still had the disasters in California, Northern Africa, and now the upcoming hurricanes getting ready to hit the U.S. on his mind. Seven of them were to arrive over the next three weeks. They would be making landfall from Houston all the way around the Gulf States, then Florida and the East coast. He knew that The Waldger Group was meeting here today because of things he had predicted. They had to deal with God’s wrath and he knew that they were also the organization that would produce the False Prophet and the Antichrist.
Elijah should be in Israel about now. He, as the other Witness, had the issue of dealing with the Jews worldwide and the Arabs or Muslims. He had threatened the enemies of Israel last night on the worldwide broadcast. Today would certainly be an interesting day.
Veronica had also stated that they were driving to Mexico City with two specially built RV’s. One he was to live and travel in and the other had a Jumbotron built into it. From the pictures, she had showed him last night, it also had its own sound system and stage.
She said that they would be using it for traveling all the way to Mexico then into Panama and on into South America. This way, they could reach a lot of people and local media outlets on a daily basis, similar to politicians who used RV’s on the campaign trail. It would also allow them to keep on the move, if necessary, when in hostile territory. After South America, they would be going to Europe, then hopefully, Russia; moreover, if they could get the permits, then it would be off to China and other Asian countries. Once they left the Americas, the RV would be transported by airfreight to other venues. This would allow them to use it when stadiums or large venues were not available in other countries.  
Enoch also knew that after next week, the great receptions they had received, such as they had the night before, would be difficult. People would start to fear them then. When that happened, the rules would change and they would not want them around or even close by because of fear.
They also knew that The Network was going to do as much as possible to discredit them. This morning’s broadcast made that very clear. Enoch knew this was not going to be easy and that he and Elijah would be causing a lot of suffering over the next few weeks, months, and years. At the rate they were going, it would destroy a good part of the world and its people. God was angry and when He was angry, He was relentless.  
This first week had been something else, but next week would be even worse.
Chapter 26 
7:30 AM Friday, Center City, Kansas City, Missouri – Aafre Waldger’s suite 
Aafre, you are a genius, he said to himself. He was looking at a chart he had made. It had a series of checkmarks by each country’s name as to their affiliations to world organizations, such as The Waldger Group.
Many of them were a part of various groups like the G20, European Union, NATO, the UN and various other associations, such as the Shanghai Cooperation Group. Also on the chart, he had countries marked in yellow, which would soon become part of the new world leadership under the command of his Champion and himself. 
This group of countries represented, for the most part, the Roman Empire, as it was around 200 AD; which included all of Southern and Northern Europe, and most of the Middle East, except Iran and Turkey. Of course, he thought as he smiled to himself, North and South America, which included the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Brazil, were not in existence in those days. The new world order would not include these countries, at least not with powers of decision. As far as America was concerned, their military power would be a part of the New Order. That included their technology and vast communications system.  
Thanks to the two Witnesses, most of North America, especially the United States, would suffer irreversible damage as a result of the natural disasters that were occurring and would continue to occur. Once the United States was no longer the world power, it was just a matter of time before the rest fell in line. Then he, Aafre Waldger, would start to consolidate the powers of the world into one distinct power. That power would then transfer to his master, the new world leader, the real Christ. 
Granted, it was not going to happen overnight. There were other groups of power in the world including the UN, Shanghai Group, Arab League, and G20. Eventually, these groups would give in, because of need more than anything else. Until then, he would string them along and let them think that their sovereignty was still intact and that they had the same freedom to govern as they did when the United States was the dominant world power.
With two of the groups, they would probably have to use force to get compliance. However, they had a plan that would make more sense than a war.
As he looked over the chart, he moved some countries into different groups. He placed India, Iran, Japan, Vietnam, and both North Korea and South Korea under the Shanghai Cooperative Group. He stepped back to examine the chart again. That child in North Korea might become a problem though, but there were ways to deal with him.  
That left primarily the EU, to which he would add a few countries as satellites members. Europe and the stuck up English were already on board. The government of the latter wanted nothing more than to return to the glory days of the English Empire prior to World War II. 
After further reshuffling, he moved South Africa and Brazil to the EU. Once he was through, he stepped back to admire his work.  
Shanghai Cooperative Group:
	Russia			China 
	India 			Iran
	Kazakhstan		Kyrgyzstan
	Tajikistan		Uzbekistan
	Vietnam		North and South Korea
Roman Empire
	Albania 		Alegría
	Andorra		Armenia 		
	Austria 		Azerbaijan 
	Belgium		Bosnia 	
	Herzegovina 		Bulgaria 		
	Croatia 		Cyprus 
	Czech Republic 	Egypt 
	France 			Macedonia 
	Georgia 		Germany 
	Greece 		Hungary 
	Iraq 			Israel 
	Italy			Jordan 
	Kuwait			Lebanon 
	Liechtenstein		Luxembourg 
	Libya 			Malta 
	Monaco 		Morocco
	Netherlands 		Romania 
	San Marino 		Saudi Arabia 
	Slovakia		Slovenia
	Spain 			Sudan 
	Switzerland 		Syria 
	Turkey 		Tunisia 
	United Kingdom	Vatican City 
	Yugoslavia 		Brazil 
	South Africa 		North America (US and Mexico)
Looking at the charts again, he realized that what he had left were some countries in Africa with little or no power. Australia came under the United Kingdom, much like Canada. Therefore, the real problems they might face in a one-world government once the Americans were neutralized were the Shanghai Cooperative Group; and of course, the countries that were under the original empire, which were not in the common market in Europe.
Those countries that he needed to somehow get into the Common Market or the European Union as satellite members were:
Albania		Algeria 
Andorra		Armenia
Azerbaijan		Bosnia-Herzegovina
Bulgaria		Croatia
Egypt			Macedonia
Georgia		Iraq
Israel			Jordan
Kuwait			Lebanon
Lichtenstein		Luxembourg
Libya			Monaco
Morocco		Romania
San Marino		Saudi Arabia
Slovenia		The Sudan
Switzerland		Syria
Tunisia			Turkey
Yugoslavia

Of these, only the Northern African nations and the Arabs would be an issue. They already had the Vatican and their massive wealth in their pocket. Therefore, that, with all the money now centralized in the EU, getting these people to join would not be much of an issue. Nevertheless, factions of the world’s governments would just have to have treaties with the EU. Other players, of course, were Pakistan and Afghanistan. Both of these countries would eventually fall in line. Their economy and their politics always followed the money. This was the same for the central African Nations, Ethiopia, the Congo, and Nigeria. The concern was that Pakistan would choose to join with the Shanghai Cooperative, but it was doubtful.
Other than these few issues, the plan should work and the few who resisted, well, they and then their leaders would have to be permanently removed!
They would be setting up spheres of influence by continent for economic issues. 
	European Sphere
	North American Sphere 
	South East Asia, Middle East, and African Sphere
These three would all come under the leadership of their Champion, their Church and new religion. Eventually, when the time came for the great battle, all the world’s armies would be behind them. It would be a matter of survival.  
As he had told the few in the meeting last Monday, they only got one try at this. It was emphasized that all powers needed to be consolidated with all the nations to ensure that they were ready to fight the terror of the skies. However, that was a few years off and there was plenty of time to prepare.
His Master had thought up this chart. When they moved to consolidate the governments, economic and military power of all of these nations, the world would be theirs, exclusively. Any stragglers would just fall into place, or else.  
If they did this right, there would no longer be a need for the United Nations. Besides, Enoch would destroy their meeting place in a few weeks by the massive hurricane expected to hit New York. These annoying little countries with not much to contribute would do as they were told or they would starve. Then their populations would revolt and the new leaders would cooperate.  
Unfortunately, some Shanghai Cooperative members would not be very happy with world domination. The two big players, China and Russia had big guns and strong economies. They would be difficult. First things, first, and that was to get America to hand over the power of the military through NATO. After that, then those countries might see the light.  
The next problem was the Middle Eastern countries and Israel. The Muslims and their extremists were not going to come along with the New Church and One World Government easily. They were going to be difficult to manage. They might celebrate America falling to its knees, but they certainly might not like the New World Order and may try their best to destroy it. Nevertheless, he had a plan. Elijah may well help them with that plan in the near future whether he was aware of it or not.  
All they had to do was isolate Israel from the process for a time and let the various Muslims sects’ slug it out with each other. Left unchecked, the different Muslim groups would kill each other, especially Iran and the terrorist groups of al-Qaida, ISIS, and so on. They had been at war for hundreds of years over the same religion, but very different beliefs. Therefore, they would fight over it and kill each other. Maybe Iran would take over Iraq, and fight ISIS, then Jordan, Syria, and so on. They would eventually become tired of the chaos and then come to the One World Order for help.   
In these meetings today, he needed to lay the groundwork for The Waldger Group members. This included all the countries of the EU and of course, NATO, which was most of the old Roman Empire. Today, they would start to build on the misfortunes of Northern Africa and the U.S. in order to take over the entire world as dictated by his Master.
Tomorrow, Saturday, he would introduce the Lion of the cause to the members present. By then he would have excused the attendees they did not want to be present. China and Russia had sent ambassadors to the meeting, but they would not be attending on Saturday.
He now turned his attention to these annoying Witnesses. What could he do to them? The first thing he could do was to stop their free worldwide publicity. That would be easy once martial law in the United States was in place and the government took over the airwaves. When that happened, John Roddenburg and Bear News would cease to exist. He would see to it.
The U.S. was not going to be a problem. In very short order, President Stevenson and Vice President Johnson would both be dealt with, and quickly.  
He heard a knock at the door. After answering, the aide came towards him and said, “Sir, the President of the United States is here to see you.”
Chapter 27 
3:30 PM Friday Moscow, Russia – President Keveta Droenkov’s offices
“Vladimir, have we had any word yet on the meetings in the States with The Waldger Group and possibly what he is planning?”
“No, President Droenkov, we have not. Our ambassadors were invited to the early part of the meeting today, but that does not start until around 9:00 AM Central Standard Time in the U.S., or 5:00 PM our time. However, I did get a call from the ambassador who said that according to our sources, Aafre is having a pre-meeting with the American President. For now, that is all we know.”
“That is interesting that he would be having a meeting with Stevenson beforehand, but then, America, in spite of the earthquake in California, are for now quite solvent. However, over the next few weeks, their resources will be leaning towards dealing with the devastation of seven hurricanes. When is the first supposed to hit, Vladimir?”
“The first will be Monday morning in the Houston, Galveston area of Texas. That is where they have a large concentration of fuel refineries and one of their major seaports for oil imports. In addition, the Canadian pipeline goes into Houston as well. That is not counting natural gas lines, which like oil, becomes somewhat scarce during and after a hurricane.”
“This would be a great time to take them out. If Khrushchev were here, he would be planning to do just that. But then, they still have their military. The loss to us would be too great to risk.”
“Yes, I agree, Keveta. Khrushchev would have taken advantage of the situation…but that was a different time and place.  
“That of course is wishful thinking, Vladimir, only wishful thinking. Now what of these Witnesses we watched on television. We are an atheist nation even though, after Gorbachev, we let the Russian Orthodox Churches start again. There are many Christians here in our country. What I am asking is, is there anything we know that would substantiate that these Witnesses are for real. Does their Bible speak of this end time, and how the world as we know it would be changed during this period?”
“They preach of their God’s son who will return to earth and take over the world, rid it of tyranny, pain, sickness, and so on, including death. They also believe that God created the earth and we are at His mercy. Of course there is also the story of the flood when God supposedly destroyed all humanity in one shot, except a few of His followers.”
“You’re saying that their God is returning and is going to take over the world? That means He is not here and will come from somewhere in what we call outer space. Is that what you are saying?”
“I guess you are right about that part. It appears that their God is not here on the earth. That means, yes, He will be coming from somewhere out there or outer space, as you call it, or as they call it, Heaven.”
“So their God is coming from outer space and is coming to take over the world, by force, if necessary? That means these Witnesses are here to soften us up some before the big invasion.”
“I guess you could look at it that way, Mr. President. I suppose you are right that He is coming from somewhere else, some other planet, galaxy, or somewhere other than here on earth.”
“That means then that these two Witnesses are aliens and their God and His son, this Jesus Christ, are aliens. Therefore, the final battle will be almost like a Star Wars movie or something like that?”
“Sort of, I guess. I mean, there is a difference. Unlike Star Wars or the other movies and books written about alien invasions, when their God appears and takes over earth, He will raise the dead. Then He will judge every person that ever lived. They will then be awarded eternal life for believing in Him and His son or will be sent to hell, or as some call it, a lake of fire, for eternity for not believing.”
“All of this is absolutely ridiculous, Vladimir. If I really stretch my imagination I can maybe, just maybe, buy into an alien invasion, but even that is a stretch.” He harrumphed straightened his jacket and sat up a bit more in his chair, then said, “I am not buying all the rest of this. It makes absolutely no sense. You are saying the earth will be invaded from out there,” as he pointed to the roof, “then we have to fight a battle against this God. These Witnesses have powers over weather and earth movements and whatever else to soften us up. My concern, Vladimir is that Waldger is all over this as if he knew it was going to happen. Why did we not know about any of this? Maybe Waldger is orchestrating all of this to take over the world. Maybe he is the problem and these so called Witnesses work for him.”
“I don’t have an answer for you, but at the moment, all we can do is wait and see, at least until we know more. Then we can see what occurs when we meet with the countries of the Shanghai Cooperation. Do you know when we are meeting?” 
“Yes, we have decided to meet in secret; most likely in a neutral place other than our capitals. It will be sometime after the meetings of The Waldger Group. We really need to know what they are doing before we set the location so we will have as much facts as possible before we decide what to do.”
“Any idea what day would be acceptable to all?”
“We are trying for Monday or Tuesday of next week, most likely in North Korea. We had planned to meet with them anyway with their young, immature premier starting the war drums again. A meeting there would be expected to control him. We can control the media there and not make it an international event like Waldger is doing in America.”
“Okay, anything you want me to do in the meantime?”
“Yes, there is. Get some Bible scholars together, as I think I asked for earlier today. Have them give us a summary of what these Witnesses are doing and of this so-called second coming. I want it done now. I mean now.”  
“Yes sir, I think I know who to contact. I will call them as soon as I get back to my office.”
Chapter 28 
7:30 AM Friday, Kansas City, Missouri – Bear News Affiliate Studios, John Roddenburg’s temporary office
John and his co-anchors had been on the air since 7:00 AM EST, and were still broadcasting from Kansas City. There had been a lot of news. There was the recap and commentary on Enoch and Elijah, and the assassination attempt on Enoch’s life.
The Waldger Group, for the first time, was almost public about their meeting in Kansas City, which was going to start around 9:00 AM Central Time today. They had several reporters and film crews outside Center City, where the meetings were to take place, doing interviews with the protestors and some supporters. 
That morning, The Network had begun a disinformation campaign on the Witnesses and was running that segment every thirty minutes. So, it was business as usual, The Network on one side and Bear News on the other. They did not yet have the fax from either Yale and or the lawsuit in Chicago, which Enoch’s lawyer had promised. They were waiting for that to arrive. They did however have their internet bloggers punching holes in The Network’s story and it was being somewhat effective so far.  
There was also international news happening. They had correspondents in Jerusalem preparing to cover Elijah, who they believed was soon to have a meeting with the Israeli leaders. His plane was to arrive at about 5:00 PM Israeli time or 9:00 AM U.S. time. John hoped that they would get something on his plans there for the evening news.  
The Iranians and most of the Muslim world were rattling their sabers about the destruction of the Dome of the Rock that Elijah had called for. They were discounting the threats he had made the previous night. In spite of the rains still coming down after the broadcast last night they showed up en masse in the middle of the night. Thousands of protestors took to the streets in several countries calling for the destruction of Israel.  
The rains in Northern Africa were still coming and the rivers were flooding at an unprecedented rate. It was so bad that the city of Cairo on the Nile was now being flooded, and at the current rate, would be under water within days. It was the same for Iraq, Jordan, Pakistan, and parts of Turkey. 
From satellite photos, they could see huge lakes being formed in the Sahara where there was nothing more than sand a few days ago. It was only day five, which meant that if Enoch was right, there were 25 more days of rain to go.
Hurricane Alex was tearing through the Caribbean with winds over 120 miles per hour. Right behind it was Hurricane Bosner, which was moving across the Atlantic following almost the same pattern as Alex. This hurricane was on track to hit Biloxi, Mississippi, after Alex in Houston. A third tropical disturbance had formed over-night off the coast of Africa. Current tracking suggested that it would reach hurricane strength within 24-48 hours. This one, they would name, Catherine.
The winds and the rain from these hurricanes were literally destroying the Caribbean islands. Alex would hit Havana today. The Cubans had moved everyone to high ground and they would probably stay there. The next two hurricanes were also right on track to Cuba before they too, moved towards the mainland of the United States.  
The stock market was still closed, as per a Presidential order. It was supposed to reopen on Monday and only because the rest of the world wanted to get at its assets. International pressure was mounting for the markets to be open.
The aftermath of the earthquake in California was being declared by FEMA as being the worst disaster, ever, in the United States. The death and injury toll to date was very close to the exact numbers of deaths and injury that Enoch had predicted. Samuel Jordan, FEMA director, had said that he could not even imagine how much destruction there was in this heavily populated area. Infrastructural damage was overwhelming and the military was having a difficult time keeping law and order in spite of martial law. 
The FEMA camps were housing over a million and a half persons in Twenty-Nine Palms and Bakersfield. According to government statements, that could well swell to over three million people.
Deaths from gangs, looting, and people trying to protect and save what they had left were in the hundreds. The National Guard had issued statements to the public that when they approached vehicles for inspection, the occupants should have their hands behind their heads. If not, they risked being shot. It was turning into an absolute disaster.
Houston was being evacuated, better late than never. All citizens had been ordered out of the city by officials. This included cities along the Rio Grande Valley, Padre Island and other coastal cities along the Gulf. Inland cities were bulging at the seams. The populations of the largest city in Texas were being evacuated to areas like San Antonio, Austin, and Dallas.
Four military bases were housing and taking care of over a million people in San Antonio. Personnel from Lackland and Randolph Air Force Bases were setting up tent cities. FEMA was not being much of a help but locally, they were able to shut down construction sites and move in portable toilets from there and surrounding communities. There were just not enough available in inventories. So far, the camps were open, which meant people could come and go as they pleased. They had to use runways to handle the vehicles, and as film footage showed, this morning the I-10, I-37, I-45, 290, and 281 was bumper to bumper.
Biloxi was the next city on the list and as far as the National Hurricane Center could tell, the next hurricane would hit there on the 12th, which was next Friday, and was tracking in the same way that Enoch had said that it would.
A press release from the Enoch camp said that he would be traveling down I-35 and holding rallies in towns all along the way. They would continue that trek all the way to Mexico City, where he would hold his next sermon. Bear News was intending, as it did in Kansas City, to provide worldwide coverage of that event.
Donald got his attention and said, “John, we have a dispatch from the Vatican. You need to get back on the air.”
He handed him the communication they had just received.
When he had read it, he got up from his chair and immediately moved to the anchor desk. When the counter went to zero, the announcer said, “We are interrupting our current programming to bring you the following breaking international news from Bear News, with John Roddenburg.”
The camera focused on John as he began, “According to sources from the Vatican, the Pope of the Catholic Church has died. The cable we received states that he died at 7:21 AM central standard time. We have no additional details at this time but along with all the other stories from today, we will keep you informed as we receive further information.”
Chapter 29
7:45 AM Friday, Center City, Kansas City, Missouri – Aafre Waldger’s’ Suite
As the aide ushered in the entourage of Secret Service personnel into each room of the suite, the President stood at the door. They opened the closets and bathrooms, looked under the bed, moved the couches, looked out the windows, and closed the drapes in the room.
One agent said to the President, “It seems all clear, sir, but we need to station at least two men in the room.”
“That won’t be necessary, Agent Jones. I am quite sure that we are secure. If you insist on an agent, position yourselves outside the door. I need some privacy for now, please.”
“It is against the rules, Mr. President. I have to have an agent in the room near you. That is protocol.”
“As you wish, but may we have one in the bedroom there and he can shut the door? That is only a few feet from us in the unlikely event there is a problem.”
Jones thought about the request for a moment, then shrugged his shoulders, not wanting a confrontation over this with the President, and decided to give in, “Okay, Mr. President, I will compromise on your request.”  
Jones pointed to the bedroom and told one of the agents to station himself there, off to the right of the suite. He then took the other agents, went out the door, and quietly closed it.
Stevenson looked over at Aafre and said, “Sorry, but this is the way it goes. I have little or no control over what they do or do not do. However, as I am sure you know, they do not talk and they ignore what is said or not said in my meetings.”
“I understand, Mr. President,” Aafre said. “We have similar precautions for our members and myself. Now, with that out of the way, would you like some coffee or something to drink?”
“Coffee would be fine, Aafre.”
“Help yourself and once you get your refreshment let’s sit over here in these two chairs by the fireplace. That way we can chat some before the meeting.”
Stevenson went over to the serving cart and poured out a cup of coffee, added creamer, then joined Aafre. As he sat down he said, “This is somewhat unusual, Aafre. Normally we do not directly associate ourselves together or we use intermediaries. You are being quite bold in tying us together publicly. Why the radical change?”
“At this point it makes no difference. The world’s political arena will be changing quite quickly and world opinion will be a moot point. Most will be more concerned how to survive from day to day than worrying about who talks to whom. In addition, as far as the media coverage is concerned, in a few days we will take care of that permanently. We will not have to worry about what the Americans say or hear on their massive communications networks.”
“So how do you see that occurring? They have freedom of press and can say anything they wish. This right of Freedom of Speech, as per our constitution, is an irrevocable right. Regardless of what is happening now, that will not change.”
“Let’s put that aside for now. We have other issues to deal with that you and I need to talk over and iron out before the meetings conclude on Sunday. This press issue will take care of itself.”
Aafre placed his cup of coffee down as he turned to the President, “What I want to discuss is the next few years.”  
Aafre smiled at Stevenson who could tell that Aafre was pleased about whatever he was about to say. 
“Before you came here today, I was thinking that since World War II, once inaugurated, the President of the United States became the most powerful individual on earth. One could say that you were the Caesars or Pharaohs of our modern world. Prior to America and the job you now hold, the British were the torchbearers. They pretty well ruled the world from their little island. They ruled a very large portion of the world by force, intimidation and of course stripped those countries of their resources. Nevertheless, like I said, after World War II, this ended and your country took the standard and became the leader of the free world. Since that time, we have had our group behind the scenes. We have made sure that the power of the Presidency in America and other Western Governments were under our influence. If not for our group, you would not have the position you have now; neither would your predecessors, or anyone else who wanted the job. The same goes for all the leaders of the western nations and of course a few others.”
Stevenson sat there thinking how full of himself Aafre was as he kept talking with his fake smile. The man disgusted him.  
“Take for instance the president who grew up without a father or a mother who could barely support him. Then this same person becomes a Rhodes Scholar, a Governor, and then President. Any idea, Stevenson, what the chances of that happening is?”
“Never thought about it, Aafre,” Stevenson replied, as Aafre continued his story of how great he was.  
“Then there was the President that may or may not have been even born in the United States, with a similar story. Single mother, no money, yet he goes to Harvard, and becomes a Senator. He won, of course, by default, after we got the goods on his competition’s divorce. The other candidate withdrew just before the election. Obviously, he won. Result, he served out a half a term then was, elected President. Now add to that the fact that he was half-black. What are the chances of that occurring, especially in America? Well it did. In addition, our people filled strategic positions in your government and other governments; many you don’t even know about, Stevenson.” 
The President wondered who else Aafre had spying for him. He was also wondering why he had ever agreed to all of this to begin with.
 “Well, you also Stevenson had absolutely nothing. We groomed you. Even as unlikely as it was to happen, you were accepted to Princeton on a full scholarship, then Harvard Law School. Although, if you remember, your grades were C+ or B- in high school, and I might add, not much better in college. If you remember, we changed those grades during the campaigns for you. That annoying reporter from Bear, John Roddenburg, somehow got a copy of your original transcripts. However, we took care of it, as we always do. We also had to keep you in line because your hormones were out of control. Stevenson, remember that one girl at the sorority party when you were at Harvard? She reported the incident between the two of you at 2:00 AM. She was in an accident by 4:00 AM. Our people covered it up, remember? But in spite of all this, you became president too.”  
Aafre leaned in towards Stevenson, until their faces were within inches of each other. Stevenson had an urge to grab his neck and twist it because he was making him angry. Aafre seemed to have read his mind because he backed off a bit.  
“How did it happen? Money, Stevenson, money is the real power and the only power. You, like many other world leaders, was groomed for your position. You were not elected because of your good works but groomed to do as you are told!”
Aafre picked up his cup, leaned back and took a sip, keeping the cup in his hands, and shook his head slowly as he stared into the cup. Stevenson knew he was waiting to see if he would lose it. He decided he would somehow control his temper and his words.      
“You know, in reality, it is not necessary to even have Presidents, Prime Ministers, Kings, or Queens, other than the fact that the masses expect to have one. The reality is that it is money that makes the difference. Money, President Stevenson…this is where the real power comes from, as I just mentioned before. Money buys food, comfort, cars, TVs, toys and more importantly, power. Plenty of money to go around translates into happy people, happy politicians, and happy countries.”
As Aafre paused to readjust himself in his chair and take another sip of his coffee, Stevenson thought, ‘happy people.’ Why not just give them free drugs, but then again, maybe they did.  
“The same people who really run the world today financed the wars in our recent history, Stevenson. You probably do not know this, but financing was provided to all sides. For instance, Hitler was financed and so was Churchill, Roosevelt, and even Japan and Italy. The money all came from the same source. You see, Stevenson, with no money there is no war, period.”
Aafre’s eyes flicked away from the cup and looked directly at Stevenson. He was enjoying telling his story.  
“The reason we do this is the eventual payoff. This is control of people like you and then of course the masses. You see, prior to World War II, we had a problem…actually several problems. The Jewish bankers controlled much of the world’s assets, along with the Bank of England, as did your Federal Reserve. Therefore, we looked at the world and settled on Stalin and Hitler. Stalin was not our first choice but he was in the running to start a new war. We lied to him and allied him with Germany. About midway in the war, he figured it out and came to us, begging. We let him switch sides. Nevertheless, this war needed to accomplish several things. First, get the Jews out of banking and seize their assets worldwide. We decided on Hitler for this job. He did a perfect job and he never knew he was being used. We gave him money and allowed him to bolster his economy and win the trust of the German people. We knew he would cause problems and we helped by carefully planting people in his organization to manipulate and make suggestions to him. Japan was trying to corner the financial markets so we needed to deal with them also. The other issue was that England controlled too much of the world and were becoming difficult to deal with. Therefore, Stevenson, with our money Hitler invaded Europe. Japan, in fear of being financially shut off, attacked America. The Italians were more than happy to befriend Hitler for money. Then Roosevelt, our man, entered the war.”   
He was smiling, Stevenson noticed. Aafre seemed to like the memories. 
“The result was as follows. The Jews lost their stranglehold on the world’s economies. England lost its colonies. Japan became a slave nation of manufacturers as China is today. The money, and all of it, is now in our control. The Jews were returned to Palestine and are now kept there. Unfortunately, the Jews established in America were now a problem. However, over time, and with money, consolidations, and buyouts, we were able to take them out of the banking, media, and movie business. There are exceptions but very few. The big six now own most of it.”  
“Aafre, did you and your organization orchestrate the killing of all the Jews under Hitler?” Stevenson asked this, knowing the answer would irritate him.  
“Yes, we did. We had to seize their property and erase any claim they may have. However, they were able to recover some of their property, but very little in the past seventy odd years.”  
Well, he seemed proud of this. Stevenson felt he had been wrong in his assumption. Finally, he asked, “Aafre, how old are you?” 
“What do you think, Stevenson?”
“Maybe sixty-five to seventy.” 
Laughing, Aafre replied, “Well I guess I will answer it this way. Very old but then so are you. Now do not change the subject, Stevenson. The point of all this is that your position in the world exists because we wanted it to. This was told to you when you accepted our money to finance your campaigns. You agreed to follow our policies throughout your Presidency.”
As Aafre paused, Stevenson thought it was strange that he did not want to talk about his age. He was speaking as if he was there in World War II pulling the strings. That would make him well over a hundred years old.  
“As of today, the tide of the world’s leadership is going to change, Stevenson, starting with America. Now, before you blow a fuse and do something stupid remember that we agreed to finance you through school, then the senate and all the way to the Presidency. We made it very clear who was in charge and what you were to do.”    
Aafre waited to let that sink in. He could see Stevenson now squirming in the chair, beginning to feel quite uncomfortable and becoming angry. This was his signature trait. This is what he did to others who assumed that they were superior to him.    
“Now, Stevenson, it is time to change the direction of the world. At this point, and we knew that eventually it would come to this, we need to consolidate all the worlds’ powers into one. That includes the United States of America.”
Stevenson sat there astounded and as Aafre spoke, all he could think about was that democracy was going to be gone. He then said to Aafre, “I knew the intent was to make the world one, but I thought America would be the standard bearer for that and it would be transparent. With the United States, you and the other members of your group would rule the world of economics, much like it is now using its politics. This is what your organization led me to believe. This is what I signed on for, not the U.S. being a third world country. Now you are saying there is a change of plans and my country will not be a player. That is insane. We have more power than any country in the world. If you added them all up together we would still have more power.”
“America will be a player, yes Stevenson, but not the way it is now. America will answer to a higher government that we will form. It will look sort of, as the U.S. has fifty states, which then make up the country. The new government will be formed using countries in a similar fashion. So instead of being a President your position will be more like that of a Governor, similar to the Roman Empire forms of Government.”  
Aafre waited to see Stevenson’s reaction, which was what he expected. Stevenson face was turning red and that trait usually meant he was about to lose it. Aafre continued to push him as far as he could to see if he could get him to do or say something stupid. Angry people were easily manipulated.  
“As for your other statement, yes, you still have the most powerful military in the world. For example, you could push the button on the football you carry and unleash your nuclear arsenal on the world. Nevertheless, if you did that, there would not be a thing left worth having. Might as well move the human race into caves, because that is exactly where those left would end up.”
Aafre made a harrumph sound. How self-centered, Stevenson thought.   
“Look, Stevenson, you take away the missiles, and you have nothing. You owe every country on earth more money than you could ever produce in the gross national product in a hundred years. Your cities have sold your real estate, your toll roads, even your parking meters, to other countries in an attempt to offset your debt. Your bonds and treasury notes are worthless. On Monday, when trading resumes, they will be worthless. America’s credit is not good. You are bankrupt. Other than your military, you have nothing to offer the world. And now it is time to pay your debt.”
Stevenson was getting angry, too angry.  
“In a few days, these hurricanes are coming as the Witnesses predicted. Your entire infrastructure will be in disarray. America will become like a third world country in just a few weeks. Americans are armed. They will fight amongst themselves, then against your military. They will be hungry. Their cars will not run for there will be no fuel. Their electronics will not work. The antiquated electric grid you have will not be able to withstand the destruction and the majority of the country will be in shambles. The largest part of your population lives in cities and suburbs dependent on those cities. Most of those people in your cities could not feed themselves in the wilds if they had to. Therefore, they will steal, rob, maim, and kill for a biscuit. Without our resources the disaster will be a hundredfold.”
Stevenson then snarled at Aafre. 
“Now, Stevenson, I have a plan and you need to follow it. You will do as I say or what I just described will be ten to one hundred times worse, for we will isolate you one way or the other.”
“What do you want, Aafre?”
“I want you and the Vice President to resign, immediately.”  
“What! Resign, why?”
“The reason, Stevenson, is that our timetable was a bit off. You see, we did not expect these Witnesses for a few more years and by that time, you would have been out of office anyway. Then the next person we selected would be President. We thought we had timed it correctly but missed it by a few years. So simply put, you are the wrong person in the wrong place at the wrong time.”  
“What if I say no, Aafre?”
“Is that your answer…no?”
“All I am doing is asking a question, Aafre.”  
Aafre looked at Stevenson, and then decided that he would most likely now have to go to plan ‘B’ as with the Vice President earlier today. He decided to reason with the President instead.  
“Look, Stevenson, let’s try and keep this civil. What I can do for you is find something in the Corporation for you, something you may like to do. Like cleaning up after these disasters, say with a billion-dollar budget. How about that? Would that work for you?” 
Stevenson realized that in front of him was a man who could make sure that he had an accident, with just one word. As if reading his mind, Aafre said.  
“Remember the young President who thought he was invincible, Stevenson? He did not like the rules. He wanted to create his own rules, including stopping the Federal Reserve which belongs to us. Remember what happened to him? Also, think back, Stevenson. Last night, did it ever occur to you that your security detail did absolutely nothing to protect you even though you were not the target? Other than the one rogue agent whose career will end in a few days, did you ever think about why they stood down on that stage?”  
Aafre leaned back in the chair, looking at Stevenson. He could almost hear and see the gears working in Stevenson’s head. He was going to give in.   
“No,” Stevenson replied, “It did not occur to me, at least not until now.” 
Stevenson was thinking that Aafre was right; they had done nothing. That was not only unusual but also treasonous. In all of last night’s excitement and all the things going on, it had never occurred to him. He did not want to die; he had a family, a wife, and child. He looked at Aafre then made a decision.  
“How are you going to convince Johnson?”  
“That’s my problem, not yours. To coin a famous line, ‘it’s an offer he can’t refuse,’ sort of. So, Stevenson, what is your answer?” 
“Well, who is going to be President, may I ask?” 
“Well, who is next on the ascension list, Stevenson?” 
“Cain.”
“Yes, Cain.”
“He is too young and inexperienced, Aafre; I mean why him?”  
“Because I said so, now what is your answer?”  
“Yes, but, Aafre, how are we going to do this?”
Knowing that he had Stevenson where he wanted him, Aafre reached over to the coffee table and picked up a folder. Handing it to Stevenson, he said, “What I want you to do, Stevenson is take this document and sign it. What this document says is that you and the Vice President have been hiding hush money in an offshore account since you became President. It also states that you feel guilty and are resigning. You will also be calling on Johnson to do the same. The good news is Cain will pardon the both of you, as Gerald Ford did Nixon.”
“That’s a lie, Aafre.”  
“Maybe so, Stevenson, but here is the good news; the money in yours and Johnson’s accounts are offshore and non-traceable in the Bahamas, all one billion of it; and here are the two account numbers.” 
Aafre reached over, picked up another sheet of paper, and handed it to Stevenson. As the President looked at the numbers, Aafre said,
“And, Stevenson, you and Johnson can keep it and live it up anywhere in the world you wish.”
Aafre leaned toward him again so he could smell his foul stench as he said, “Now, you can either sign this or I will release the details to the press and you can be impeached. Or…maybe someone psycho will be so crazy they might get through your secret service protection. It’s your call.” 
“When do you want us to resign, as you call it?”  
“After the meetings, not today, because it would be too disruptive; maybe Monday or Tuesday. I will let you know when. In the meantime, you will act normal and run your office as usual.”  
Stevenson could not help thinking that this man had him in a corner. He could and probably would kill him. He had become a liability.  
 “So you know that if for any reason you decide to go against this agreement a bit later, there is a trail on this money that could result in an arrest warrant for you. Now by not cooperating with me, instead of spending the money and enjoying yourself, you may end up in a jail cell. Do you understand me, Stevenson?” 
For the first time in his life, Stevenson knew that he had no way to win in this situation. I looked down at the floor and said to Aafre, “Give me a pen, please.”  













Chapter 30 
8:00 AM Friday, Center City, Kansas City, Missouri – Aafre Waldger’s Suites
After Stevenson left, Aafre turned the television back on to watch The Network. He needed an update on the day’s news. As he poured some coffee, he heard the newscaster announcing that the Pope had died. He turned and sat down, watching the live feed from the Vatican. He reached for his secure cell phone and called Cardinal Richital’s cell.
“Hello, is this Cardinal Richital?”
“Yes?”
“This is Aafre. I am sure you have heard the news.”
“Yes, Aafre, we have. Praterus and I are in the process of making arrangements to return to the Vatican, as we speak.”
“That’s good, Cardinal Richital; but may I offer a suggestion?”
“What would that be?”
“Please take my personal jet. It will get you there much sooner and I can make arrangements for it to be ready almost immediately.”
“Thank you, Aafre. That is very kind of you.”
“No problem. I will attend to it immediately. I was wondering, now that the Pope has died, how long before the election of the new Pope?”
“Well, usually within 12 to 15 days after the funeral and internment.”
“Is there any way at all, Cardinal Richital, that with your influence you may be able to expedite this process?”
“Well, maybe a day or two, but the Cardinals need to be assembled from all over the world and then there is the funeral of course, which takes several days. But I would say no more than three weeks, if not less.”
“Please try to make it sooner than later. Things are moving forward and on schedule and I am concerned about you being able to deliver as we have discussed.”
“Aafre, I will deliver. I promise you. As we discussed, the new Pope will be the last Pope prophesied by Malachi and he will be our Champion. Praterus is ready and will be elected.”
“Thank you, Cardinal. I am sure you are correct. Now let me arrange to get you to the Vatican City as soon as possible. Please call me when you arrive and keep me updated.”
“I definitely will, and thank you for your help. We do appreciate it.”
“No, I appreciate your help, Cardinal, for we need to get these Witnesses in check before they cause too much harm to us. I can only do so much for now. In the media, we are still battling Bear News’ ratings for The Network is still lagging, but that will change. Once the new Pope is elected and becomes our new Champion, we will start a major campaign to offset those two.”
“I understand, Aafre, it will be done as we discussed before. When he appears on the balcony, we will make sure that his appearance includes a statement that these two are frauds. That will carry a lot of weight, especially when he starts doing miracles. Unlike the other popes, this one is young, full of energy, and one of ours.”
“Thank you. I am sure you will have the issues under control. Now, Cardinal, no more slip-ups like last night with the staffs. So do we understand each other?” 
“Yes, Aafre.”
“It did not look good. It was embarrassing. People will remember it for some time, I am sure. Nevertheless, as we know, if you bombard the masses with media, they forget and start to believe whatever we tell them. I will talk to you soon, Cardinal. I need to get to my meeting. Have a safe trip.”
“Thank you, we are getting ready to leave now.”
Aafre placed the telephone down and stayed seated. His aide asked, “Do you need anything?”
“Yes, please make arrangements for my private jet to fly to the Vatican as soon as possible and call Cardinal Richital with the details.”
“Yes sir, I will do so immediately.” He turned and left.
He sat back and said to himself, Aafre, you are right on schedule! Then he laughed as he thought about how the Vice President had not been as weak as the President was. He had offered Johnson the same opportunity as Stevenson. He had flat out refused, but fortunately, he did not get the opportunity to tell Stevenson about it. Amazing what you could accomplish with the Secret Service. Their charges believed anything they said. Therefore, after his quick meeting with Johnson they had told him that there was an issue in Cheyenne and that the President said he would meet him there. Johnson had no time to call the President. He should be on the plane to Wyoming about now. Problem solved.  
 
Chapter 31 
9:00 AM Friday Kansas City, Missouri – Waldger meeting at Center City Convention Center
The members of The Waldger Group were assembling in the large hall at the Convention Center in Kansas City. Overnight, several more ambassadors, and heads of state had arrived who were unable to attend the Witnesses’ sermon the night before.  
Other than Enoch and his group, all the other guests had checked out earlier. He was surprised they did not ask them to leave. Only the Waldger Group remained at the hotel.
The crowds were still in Kansas City. They were augmented by the same people who were usually present to protest world domination and a one-world government whenever The Waldger Group held its annual meetings. The military and the police, coupled with the American Home Security forces, were currently able to keep the people at bay and a security ring surrounded the hotel.  
There had been a large breakfast buffet setup around 8:00 AM. Many of the members had come down early. Most were speaking together in groups discussing the issues at hand. There was talk about the events of the night before and Elijah’s messages to Israel and the surrounding Muslim countries. Of course, there was also a lot of talk about Brad Williams’ broadcast this morning and how the Witnesses had used trickery. However, Enoch’s predictions Enoch loomed close. In spite of Brad’s broadcast, many were saying that his accuracy so far could not be discounted. David did not think they were that stupid to believe Brad Williams anyway.  
Earlier that morning David had gone to Aafre’s suite to discuss the upcoming meeting.
“David, from now on, you will be my personal secretary. You are being promoted,” Aafre had told him. “I will need you with me over the next few months to help me keep track of all the things we need to do. Have one of the associates take over your duties in Belgium. You will be working directly with me.” 
Therefore, in his new position, David took his place near the first chair in the meeting room on the stage and glanced around to take in the attendees of today’s meeting.  
Earlier, Aafre had told him that some guests would be from non-members. Specifically, the Russians and the Chinese…they would be here today only. Actually, only about thirty people would attend tomorrow’s meeting, whereas there were almost three hundred there today. These thirty were the Group’s true decision makers. The conference room was set up like a movie theatre. It had a large screen behind the stage, surrounded by tiered chairs that had small fold down desks on the sides. It could probably hold about four hundred people comfortably, not counting standing room.  
There was a long table on the stage off to the right where Aafre, David, and the other speakers would be sitting. To the left was a podium where the speakers would deliver their speeches. 
Audio visual and computer equipment had been set up for running PowerPoint presentations as well as closed circuit TV. The presentations by the speakers would be displayed on the large screen behind the stage.
There were also wireless headsets for those who did not speak or understand English. Most spoke English but the sets were at the entrance covering 33 languages. David noticed that a few picked up sets.  
Aafre entered the room and moved towards the stage. As he ascended the stage, the room erupted in applause. Aafre moved to the podium.
Much like a Hollywood production, the lights dimmed and the screen behind them lit up with the Waldger logo. The spotlight was shining on Aafre at the podium. He very calmly brought the attendees to order using hand signals.  
“Good morning, gentlemen, and ladies of The Waldger Group and also distinguished guests from Russia, China, and other countries. The list is too long to give individual welcomes to our many guests, but once again welcome. Time is of the essence. We have a lot to learn, discuss, and plan for today and the days to come.”  
Aafre paused, looking around the room, his eyes finally seemingly focusing on the Russian and Chinese ambassadors. After a few moments he continued, “World events are unfolding as we speak, so when deemed necessary, we will interrupt the program we have today and provide live feeds from The Network or Bear News, on the screen behind me.” He pointed to it from the podium. “With all that is occurring, it is very important that we keep up to date on current events as they unfold.”   
“With that said, I would like to address some housekeeping issues. Many of you are attending the Waldger Group meeting for the first time. As many of you know, our success comes from secrecy. What this means simply is that whatever is said and decided here is not for our associates, our aides or any other individuals or groups, especially the press. All cell phones, writing materials, and recording devices were taken from you at the screening stations during the check-in process. They will be given back to you after the meeting. I apologize for this, but as I said, security is paramount; and if anything I just described is found, the item will be immediately confiscated, destroyed and the person will be removed.”
“Bad publicity starts with leaks. By the time these leaks are out or in the press, they are usually incorrect and twisted. So for those of you that are guests, please understand this is a policy that never waivers and is strictly enforced.”
Aafre then paused for effect once again. David could see that he was still making eye contact with certain guests. He finally said, “I would like to begin by simply stating the following. Once again, as in many other times in human history, our planet earth is under attack from forces beyond our solar system.”  
He then stopped for a moment, waiting for his statement to sink in. When he knew he had their full attention, he continued.   
“There are approximately six and a half billion people alive on earth today…six and a half billion people. There are more people alive and walking the earth right now than ever before…or then, maybe not. In AD1 there were only around three hundred million people walking the earth. In 1800 there were around one billion. Going back to the time before the flood, it is estimated that the world’s population was an astounding nine billion people. Keep in mind that life spans were much longer, at least according to the Hebrew Bible and other ancient writings.”
“One scholar – not named here but you can Google it – suggests that this nine billion people is based on the average lifespan which was several hundreds of years, according to the Bible. He also noted in his paper that we did not have the diseases and the sickness we have now, and numerous children were born to each family. I would suppose if I lived say, four-hundred years, I would have many children.”  
Many in the audience laughed and so did David. Aafre smiled at his little joke.  
“So, prior to the flood, he estimates that earth’s population was close to nine billion. The point here is simple. The flood story not only about Noah but many other cultures including the Sumerian’s Gilgamesh, said it was caused by God or the Gods.”  
He then paused.  
“So if this story is true, this God to whom many attribute humanity’s existence, killed approximately nine billion people and saved only eight. Four couples.”  
David hit the page down button and the screen behind him changed to a list having the names of the survivors of the flood: 
Noah and his wife – Emzara
Shem and his wife – Sedeqetelebab
Ham and his wife  – Ne'elatama'uk or Na'eltama'uk
Japheth and his wife  – 'Adataneses
“Of course we do know others did survive the flood. They are referred to in the Hebrew Bible as the Gentiles. Overall, very few survived the flood. In Jewish history, the Bible only accounts for their survivors. In addition, you may note that a modern movie was released about Noah and the Ark, which was about the Jewish account of the flood. I can assure you that the characters portrayed in the story are way out of context. But it did make for a great story.”   
“The point of all of this is that now, as of a few days ago, like in the days of Noah, they are coming back. History states that when they return they destroy vast amounts of human life, cultures, and infrastructure, then leave again.”  
He stopped and bowed his head in what looked as if he was in prayer of some sort. He then raised his head, holding on to both sides of the podium as he spoke.  
“How do we know this, you may ask?”
“Quite simple and I will explain more as I go forward for I want you to see the pattern of world history and its relationship to these assumed creators. The ones often referred to as God or Gods.”  
The slide then changed. 
Noah and the flood 
Estimated 9 Billion deaths
Abraham and the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah
Estimated 2 - 40,000 deaths 
Moses destroying Egypt, the world’s greatest civilization to date  
12 Plagues 
500,000 first born deaths
3,000,000 deaths from hail, diseases, plagues, etc. 
5 - 10,000 deaths from the drowning of the Egyptian Army 
Joshua destroying the Canaanites without a sword raised  
10 - 60,000 deaths 
Jesus Christ ultimately destroying the Roman Empire through the Catholic Church in 325 AD and forward. 
1 - 3,000,000 deaths 
And 135 other times he has killed directly 
22,000,000 deaths 
Religious wars since AD1
200,000,000 deaths 
Aafre then went through each line individually calling out the scenario and the number; then he exclaimed, “What you see here is a pattern and that pattern is very simple to understand. This God is a mass murderer! Now as you have seen over the past few days his emissaries Enoch and Elijah have returned as the forerunners to the destruction of our civilization! Simply put gentlemen, if we are to believe the prophecies of the Bible and other writings, their God is about to go on another killing spree!”  
A new graphic came up behind Aafre detailing the death toll to date.
California Earthquake 
83,125 deaths (Per Enoch)
Northern Africa, Middle East Flooding 
1-2,000,000 estimated deaths 
Hurricanes (7) to hit the United States 
4-5,000,000+ estimated deaths 
Prophecy Total Estimate of 3.5 Years of the Witnesses 
1/4 to 1/2  of all humanity or 2 to 3.5 billion people will die 
Aafre then turned toward the podium and stated in a one-line sentence.  
“They are returning and they will not stop till, like in the ‘Days of Noah,’ very little flesh will be spared!” 
He stopped speaking, saying nothing, as the screen behind him went blank. The audience was silent; not a word could be heard. After a short while, he began again.  
“Those of you in this room today control most of the wealth, resources, and power on earth. You are assembled together for the very first time ever…approximately 300 of you,” his hand pointed at the group in an arc from left to right,  “give or take a few. Those of us in this room need to understand that we have an opportunity, if we work together, to stop this mass murderer from annihilating off the human race.”
You could hear the audience catch their breath then mumblings were heard as many spoke to the persons beside them. He allowed the noise to die down and when he knew he had their attention again, he continued. 
“In each situation in human history, when they have returned, the earth was not unified nor did it have the technology or the strength to resist. Well, now we do. The plan we are about to unfold to you has been tweaked, rewritten, and adjusted since AD1, generation after generation. Yes, the players have changed, but because of a few dedicated people over the ages and the one-third banned “angels” as described in the Bible...yes, I did say the one third of the angels as in the Bible. With their help we have put in place a plan to end this continuous assault on the earth and its peoples, once and for all.”  
You could hear a pin drop. It was so quiet it seemed the entire group stopped breathing after hearing about the angels. David could see the skeptical looks on many of their faces. It seemed like forever before Aafre continued.  
“Angels, yes that is what I said, angels. Shocking? Well, you should be shocked. Who would ever believe that Aafre Waldger would be talking about angels? However, many of you here have banned religion in your countries for reasons of control for several generations; so you have no idea what I am talking about. I suggest that after the meeting, you ask your scholars about what I just said. They will tell you what you need to know. Also, later today we will cover this in detail.”  
“Now with all that said, if you read the Judeo Christian scriptures and other writings describing this time we are in, you will see a blueprint of everything that is to occur. The final act in this play of course is the battle of Armageddon. According to their scripture, all will be lost. The blood will be to the horse’s bridles, and the fowl of the earth will feast on their carcasses and so on.”  
“Now I realize that many of you come from different religious beliefs. Moreover, many of you are either agnostics or atheists. I ask only that you keep an open mind in the coming days. Once all the facts are on the table, you like many of us, will come to realize that what we are telling you is true. For over two thousand years we have prepared for this very time in our history.”  
Aafre paused, seeming to reassess what he had just said, before adding, “After you have the opportunity to know the real story of mankind then your eyes will be opened and you will then know the truth.”  
“But! Let me warn you that unless we all agree to ban together, and pour all our resources into one front, we will not have a chance. If we disagree, then we have already lost; and in approximately seven years, what we know as civilization will completely cease to exist. Your technology, your countries, your infrastructure, your wealth, your armies, your control; all we be taken from you.”   
That statement got some nods from the audience. These people would not give up their power even in the face of death.  
Aafre continued his story, “The God of the Jews, Muslims, and the Christians, regardless of how he is described, will destroy us once and for all if we don’t stand together. If you think what I am saying to you are the crazy ramblings of an old man then you do not understand the facts. If you start reading the prophecies they wrote, you will notice that all of this starts with these two Witnesses, Enoch and Elijah. If your eyes and ears have heard and seen what they are doing then you should understand that the rest we have told you so far today must be true as well. However, the rules have changed! These killers, destroyers of civilization for the most part, have been gone for two thousand years with the exception of a few emissaries here on earth. You need to take what I say next very, very seriously. Unlike in times past, the flood, Sodom and Gomorrah, Nimrod’s City, we are prepared for them this time. Yes, they are coming back and we know what they want. They will not get it. We will destroy them this time, once and for all!”   
Aafre got some light applause as he stopped, momentarily.  
“Now as the leaders of the earth – our home, our sanctuary – we either control our own destiny or they will destroy us completely if we do nothing!”
You could hear a pin drop as Aafre stopped. He stood there staring at the leaders in the auditorium, his head moving from left to right, assessing the audience. Then in a softer tone, he continued.  
“The Waldger Group, through the years, has used its influence and power to obtain the ability to lead the battle and end this continuous attack on the earth once and for all. The Terror of the Skies, as mentioned by Nostradamus and the Bible and by countless other seers over the years has said that he would send men to soften us up and cause bedlam in the world.”  
Aafre scanned the room again, seemingly on a one to one basis to see who was with him and who was not.  
“This past week you have seen some of their powers through Enoch and Elijah. Their intent was and is that when they came back, there would be little resistance to them as in the past. They are using these men over the next three and a half years to destroy much of our infrastructure. After three and a half years, their protection will be gone and we will destroy them. From that point forward, we have approximately three and a half years until they invade the earth. This sounds like science fiction, star wars, war of the planets, you might be thinking; but no, this is real. Their histories of invasions are recorded, and you can read it. They are returning. Now once again, if we do not band together and follow our plan they will enslave us all. Then they will rule the earth until they destroy most of us again and then leave, after their thousand years of occupation. One thousand years of occupation, one thousand years.”  
Aafre then came from behind the podium with his fist raised and shaking then shouted out to them stirring them up.  
“Unlike other times they are coming to stay and have no plans of leaving anytime soon. Therefore we have to destroy them!”
For some reason he must have gotten them excited, for all of a sudden there was the sound of clapping; then they all started standing and clapping in a standing ovation. Aafre stood shaking his fist in the air as he looked towards the roof of the theater. He appeared to be shaking his hand at God himself.  
Aafre smiled in appreciation as he allowed the applause to go on for a while. After a while, he held his hands above his head as a signal for everyone to sit down. He returned to the podium and continued.  
“I realize this is a lot to take in, but for now, this is a quick summary of where we are at this point in time. You saw the Witnesses last night. You have seen Enoch cause utter destruction. Yet I am sure that many of you are finding my words shocking and way, way out there. As I mentioned before, you may think what I am saying is science fiction, war of the planets, Star Wars, or Independence Day, and so many other movies and books written about invasions from other outer space.”
For a moment, Aafre paused for effect, then continued. 
“For you who are having difficulty grasping or believing this let me give you some things to think about. If you believe in God and you believe in the Hebrew Bible either as a Jew, a Christian, or any of the other religions, then ask yourselves these questions:  are not these Gods also the creators of humanity. Where do they live? Where are they now, for they are not here on our earth? Where are they, you ask? They are out there in the universe somewhere, not here on earth with us. Which means, ladies and gentlemen, that they are somewhere in space. They are not of our world. When they come to our earth, they come as aliens. Yes, the Hebrew God or the Gods of destruction, which the earth has worshiped for thousands of years, are aliens or not of this earth.”
He took a sip of water from his glass. He was becoming a bit hoarse from shouting before. As he placed the glass back down, he continued.  
“The Jews and Christians Scriptures talk of men being taken up from the earth in fiery chariots or into the clouds. These men were taken from the earth to a place called heaven. That makes them aliens! Aliens!” he repeated. “Moreover, they are here to destroy us, tear down our cities, and once again, enslave us. We have known for two thousand years that these aliens would return to earth to destroy the human race, as we know it; then rule the earth as they have done in the past during their occupations. You and I will not allow that to happen. We now possess the same powers they have and will be able to fight them and destroy them for the last time. The insanity they have caused on earth will end. We will finally return the earth to what it was before, a garden. The survivors will live on this earth. The strife we have will end; and through science, we will defeat death itself.”
Once again, the applause started and Aafre was met with another standing ovation. David could see Aafre loving every minute of it. As the applause died down, he continued.  
“The true god of this earth is the one they left behind. He has been among us since the beginning of time, when he was prevented from leaving earth thousands of years ago by the Terror of the Skies. In this place called heaven, there was a battle. He and one third of his followers were cast down to the earth. It is in their Bible, word for word.”  
The screen behind him displayed the following verse.  

Revelations 12:7 King James Version 
Then war broke out in heaven. Michael and his ‘Angels fought against the Dragon, and the Dragon and his Angels fought back. 
8 But he was not strong enough, and they lost their place in heaven. 
9 The great Dragon was hurled down—that ancient serpent called the devil, or Satan, who leads the whole world astray. He was hurled to the earth, and his Angels with him.

Aafre read from the screen very slowly. When he was finished he turned his head slowly back to the audience and said, “This story itself is somewhat convoluted, for the Hebrews and their Bible did not tell the whole story of that battle and what really happened and why it happened; just that it happened. Fortunately for us, they did fall to earth or we would not be here right now. For example, during the period we know as the flood or deluge, it was not the Christian God who tried to save humanity. The one called Lucifer or Satan saved humanity. Not only did Lucifer save Noah and his family but also families worldwide. Now you understand why so many cultures and histories have survival stories of the flood. Once again, only because of Lucifer is the human race alive.”
Aafre paused to take another long drink of water from his glass on the podium. Once again, he was scanning the audience. His head moved from left to right as his eyes lingered for a few seconds on the face of a member, before moving on to another person.  
“And for those of you assembled here today, he will do as he did during the deluge with his leadership and with the one third of the Angels, and will save us from total destruction and domination.”  
David was not sure if the audience was spellbound or if they were thinking, that Aafre had finally gone over the edge. They were very quiet and attentive; much like a psychiatrist listening to a patient.  
“Once again, we have little time to prepare and accomplish our goal. They will be here within a seven-year period, as I have mentioned before. As was the case in times past, they have sent the men who cause destruction on earth and turn people against us. Therefore, we need to unite as one, using all the power we have accumulated over thousands of years; and prepare to fight them on equal ground. Yes, they have powers over the earth and can control the weather, the movements of the earth, and nature itself. Mind over matter is a power they do have. They can cause things to occur that seem supernatural. However, it is not supernatural. They can just do things we cannot do. We understand this; and we can and we will defeat them. At a later time, closer to the seven year period, you will know how we plan to do this.”   
Aafre stepped back from the podium and shouted, “Do you want to be enslaved? Do you want to surrender the earth to them without a fight?”
The audience responded with a resounding, “No!”
“I agree,” he said, “so understand that the one cast down, the one, who has struggled to preserve humanity, and fought against them in Heaven, and almost won with only one third of the fighting force, is now among us to lead us again. Those of us who know the truth and have planned for this day, know that we can also win this last battle. Not only to save ourselves from the destruction of the Hebrew God, or the Muslim God, Allah or Yahweh, along with his forces; but also the earth and all its inhabitants.”  
Aafre’s tone softened. 
 “With all this said, I am sure you want to know how we are to accomplish this. How are we going to fight these Witnesses and the carnage they are causing, and what will the result be? However, before we discuss these details I want you to hear the real story of the beginning of the human race. I want to introduce you to a renowned author of books written in the past three decades. With the help of our foundation, he was able to decipher the true writings of the ancients. He has published several books that are based on the interpretation of the Ancient Sumerian, Egyptian, and Greek writings, and The New and Old Testaments. He also had help from the Master himself. The story he will tell you today is the real story. Not the sugar coated fairy tales of the Hebrews, Christians, and Muslims.”
Aafre stepped back from the podium and extended his hand towards the table. 
“Let me introduce to you Doctor Otto Wolfe Ottenberg.”
Doctor Ottenberg rose from his seat, walked over to the podium, and shook Aafre’s hand. Aafre returned to his seat while Doctor Ottenberg placed some papers on top of the podium. He looked out among the guests and members. He began, “In the beginning…”
Chapter 32 
9:30 AM Friday, Center City Plaza, Kansas City Missouri - Jack South/Enochs Suite 
Enoch had been looking out the window of his suite for some time now and could see the throngs of people assembled around Center City. Much like last night, they were surrounding the area across from the hotel, at the park where the Tent Store had been yesterday, across from Main Street and Union Station areas.
The police and military were keeping them off 20th Street and Main Street. So far, it seemed peaceful. There was one person with a megaphone who occasionally spoke into it, threatening The Waldger Group. He was saying that the meeting was unlawful and that they were planning a one-world government, and so on. There were many people and many different messages, Enoch thought to himself.  
His message from God would always be the same. The leaders of the world were deceiving men. They needed to turn their hearts to God, for the time of trials was here and humankind would suffer greatly over the next few years. It was always the same message which had been preached for over two thousand years.  
He knew that eventually, the message he preached would soon fall upon deaf ears. Man was a creature of pleasure, not of endurance and hope. The creature comforts were more important to most than God was. Only a few would listen and learn.
He  knew what the agenda of The Waldger Group was and who they really were. With the other leaders of the world there today, they were laying out the basis of a one-world government. They would take and twist the scriptures and the words of God and Jesus from the Bible and come up with a very convincing story. Their side of the story was what was in the binder that Gabriel had given him. He had also discussed it in some parts with Thomas. Thomas had confirmed that in Theology School they had discussed the creation story in the Old Testament. Thomas had also told him that there were many who believed things other than what was written in the Bible by the Hebrews.
They would distort the story of creation, the expulsion from the garden, Exodus, Sodom and Gomorrah, the Flood and even Jesus Christ. Many would believe them, for their story would deceive many. Man wanted to believe in science, not God.
Enoch could feel the evil surrounding him in the hotel. He knew that Satan was in that meeting today and his legions with him. He did not have to be there. He already knew what these evil people were saying. He also knew their words would deceive the leaders who in attendance.  
However, Enoch also knew that soon this would all be over. God had said it would be. The insanity of the governments of men wanted the power to remain with a few while they enslaved the rest of the world. That would soon end. At the appointed time, the hand of God would destroy these demons. God would turn the earth back into the garden it once was and rule the earth fairly. Death would be defeated for it was the promise of Jesus Christ.
He had spent a considerable amount of time on the internet last night reading about The Waldger Group. Most websites were rogue sites that attacked them and gave a list of their members and their intentions. Those same websites had links to satanic websites, and of course, so called conspiracy sites such as the Masons, Knights Templar, Jewish bankers and so on.
He had read through as much as he could absorb, trying to understand their structure and read between the lines. He realized that the purpose of the group was to defeat God on all fronts. The power behind The Waldger Group was Satan, or Lucifer himself, and his one third of the angels or now demons, who had been cast down with him.
Enoch read his Bible again about the battle in which Michael removed Satan from the heavens and placed him upon the earth. He then tried to figure out how these people of The Waldger Group got their wealth. It seemed that during the beginning of the ‘Industrial Revolution’ the members either invented things or found uses for natural resources. For example, railroads, oil exploration, automobiles, chemicals, banking, road building and so forth.
He could only trace each member’s power to the beginning of the 17th century, climaxing with consolidated power in America and Europe in the 19th and 20th centuries. It was as if someone had given only a few roadmaps on how to become rich, powerful, and famous. They then used their power to control their respective governments and people. From his research, he found that only a few controlled all of the world’s resources and capital.
Therefore, he assumed that the real power over the people and the real God for them was money. The gold, silver, and the riches of men had corrupted the member and they therefore, were now the followers of Satan. They were now the ones willing to battle God.
Well, Enoch knew that like all other times in the stories of humanity, from the beginning when there was the great flood, the times of the Pharaohs, their powers, the builders of the Tower of Babble, and of course, the crucifixion, God always won. He always had compassion upon humanity, but then he would also give warnings. He was warning them all now of the end times and giving man time to prepare. Therefore, Enoch was not worried about being on the wrong side. He knew he was doing the right thing and that he was to follow God’s instructions in letting people know God’s powers, His love for them and of His return.
They were prepared. The final two of God’s long line of Prophets were here to battle Satan on earth one more time. In no more than three and a half years, they would be taken from the earth and all God’s power with them. Even the Holy Spirit would be gone. The 144,000 Jews and other Christians still alive would replace this. They would continue the gospel to the world. During this time, the powers of Satan would take over completely as they deceive people into preparing for the final losing battle.
Fortunately, he would not be here. He would be in heaven and from there, he would watch the final destruction as Satan’s reign over earth ended. Both Satan and his deception over man would cease. Then, they would be placed in the chains of God who would remove them from the nations.
It was just a matter of time, Enoch thought, just a matter of time.
He decided to call Mark and see if he could get him some more vestments. He needed to travel light from now on and act like the man of God he was supposed to be. People had stereotypes in their minds and it was time that he looked more as they expected.
He needed to shave and yet decided that he would grow a beard and let his hair grow. He knew that outward appearance was not the way to judge how ‘Godly’ a person was. Nevertheless, he felt that this was who he really was and this was what he would do. He did know that he needed to win souls for God and do battle with the Antichrist. Looking the part would help.
He got up to telephone Mark. As he reached for the phone, it rang. He picked it up, and an unfamiliar voice said, “Enoch?” 
“Yes.”
“This is Rolinda, President Richard Stevenson’s Secretary. I am sorry to bother you but the President has asked me to call you on his behalf.” 
“Yes, Rolinda, I know who you are. How can I help you and the President?”  
“Well, the President has decided not to attend the morning session of the meeting today, which has freed up some time for him. He would like to speak with you. Since you are in the same hotel he felt now would be a good time. If you could spare some time to spend a few minutes with him, he would very much like to meet with you.”  
Well this was strange. He thought that Stevenson was in the meeting and he wondered why he was not. His curiosity then kicked in and he immediately asked, “What time?”  
“Say now, Enoch?” she replied. 
“Sure, I guess so.” 
“Good, then come to the 24th floor. You will have to check in with secret service. They will then escort you to his quarters.”  
“Ok, Rolinda, give me a few minutes and I will be up.”  
“Thank you, Enoch. The President is waiting for you.”  
He hung up the phone. Looking in the mirror, he said aloud to himself, “Should I shave or not?” He decided not. 


























Chapter 33
9:30AM Friday Waldger meeting at Center City Convention Center, Kansas City, Missouri
Doctor Otto Ottenberg had started his portion of the meeting with the words, “In the beginning…,” and the audience had grown very quiet. They seemed almost hypnotized. No one moved; every person was attentive.
“In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. That is what many of us learned as schoolchildren in Sunday schools and churches around the world. That is not reality. Yes, they seeded the earth with plants that produced food, and brought forth the animals and fish. They dug canals and rerouted rivers; but no, they did not create the earth. They only enhanced the earth over time, bringing from their home many new species of plants and animals.”     
“I will now give you a quick summary from research that has taken years to decipher and from writings that were written long before the Bible. This story is quite different; but what I am going to tell you is the real story. Please keep in mind that what time I spend with you today is only a summary of earth’s events. If you wish more information, I suggest you read the Sumerian Text as translated recently by scholars; as well as the Jewish Old Testament or the Pentateuch. This is the first five books of the Bible. Alternatively, you can read one of the many books I and many others have published on this subject.”  
“Here is the real story, not the story the Jews plagiarized while in Babylonian captivity. The Jewish scribes wrote the Bible in 539 BCE; give or take a few years. What I am going to read to you was written one thousand years before the Bible or 1600 BCE. It was, written in the same area of Babylon as the Jew’s Pentateuch. The real story was written by the Sumerians.” 
He paused, then, pushing his reading glasses up his nose, began to read from his papers.  
“The Jewish biblical verses dealing with the creation of the Adam are condensed renderings of more detailed Sumerian and Akkadian texts which were found inscribed on clay tablets. The role of the Elohim or God as found in Genesis is performed by the Anunnaki.”  
He put up a slide on the screen and started reading from it.  
The Creation of man by God, Jewish Account in the Bible: 600BC
Genesis 2:7 King James Version:
And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.

He then changed the slide and read from it. 

The Creation of Man by Prometheus, Greek 900-800 BC
Prometheus and Epimetheus were spared imprisonment in Tartarus because they had not fought with their fellow Titans during the war with the Olympians. They were given the task of creating man. Prometheus shaped man out of mud and Athena breathed life into his clay figure.

He now put up a new slide then read from it.

The origins of human beings according to ancient Sumerian texts 3000-1600 BC
In the be bound To a unity brought clay God and Man shall together So that to the end of days the flesh and the Soul
Which in a God have ripened – That soul in a blood-kinship be bound

He now put up an additional slide and read from it.

Egyptian account of the creation of man Old Kingdom 2780-2250 BCE
Men and women were first formed from the tears that fell from the Eye of Khepera, or the Sun-God, upon his body; The men and women, and all the other living creatures that were made at that time by Nebertcher or Khepera, reproduced their species, each in his own way, and thus the earth became filled with their descendants as we see at the present time.

He added one more slide then read from it.

Muslim’s account of creation of man 700 AD Qur’an

We created man from sounding clay, from mud molded into shape..." (15:26). And, "He began the creation of man from clay, and made his progeny from a quintessence of fluid" (32:7-8). Thus, human beings have a fundamental attachment to the earth.

“So,” Doctor Ottenberg said, “As you see, there is a common thread in each account of the creation of man. Fortunately, for us, the various scholars recorded each of these accounts of creation during their time. These accounts have been passed on to us through the ages. These writings go from the Egyptians, then the Sumerians the Greeks, and finally the Jews. In more modern times there have been the Muslims, and yes, even the Mormons.” 
“The facts point to one thing; each account we have states that we were created by design, by visitors to earth in their image. The most detailed descriptions we have are the Sumerians and their accounts of the world’s humanity and the explanation of the Gods or Watchers.”
Referring back to the screen with the summaries on creation, Doctor Ottenberg said, “Take note that each religion seems to have borrowed from the other then added or took what they needed for their own purposes. They are all correct in syntax. However, there is only one civilization that recorded the actual details and reason for our creation.”  
He put another slide on the screen.  
The earliest record of the Sumerian creation was found on a single fragmentary tablet excavated in Nippur, which is in Iraq near Baghdad. They call it the Eridu Genesis. Written in the Sumerian language and dated to around 1600 BC during the first Babylonian dynasty.
Another Sumerian creation myth from around this date is called the Barton Cylinder dating around 3000 BC.

After the Doctor read the information on the screen, he went on to say, “It is generally accepted that the Jewish Bible and its stories were adapted from these tablets. These include many of the stories in Genesis and the other four books of the Pentateuch or first five books of the Bible. According to legend, the Jew’s patriarch, ‘Moses,’ wrote the books, which were referred to as the law. However, the truth of the matter is that the oral traditions that were handed down from generation to generation, were not recorded by Jewish scholars until the captivity of the Jews by the Babylonians in 529 BC. Moses was long gone by then.”  
“We have no doubt they wrote these books. It is well documented that three Jewish authors wrote the Bible in a blended story. They copied a lot of the history from the Sumerian stories but changed certain sections to match their ‘Oral traditions;’ which is all they had prior to the Babylonian captivity.” 
“Here is the story they should have written.” 
“The Anunnaki came to Earth some 400 to 450,000 years ago from somewhere out there,” Doctor Ottenberg pointed upwards. “They came here in search of gold and other minerals. Now, before you say the Bible does not say that, let me put up another scripture for you.”

Genesis Chapter 2: 10-12 King James Version
A river watering the garden flowed from Eden; from there it was separated into four headwaters. 11 The name of the first is the Pishon; it winds through the entire land of Havilah, where there is gold. 12 (The gold of that land is good; aromatic resin and onyx are also there.
“As you can see, gold and other precious gems were the goal of these early travelers to earth!”  
He paused for a few moments to let the audience soak up the information on the screen. Then he said, “I will now continue the summary. During their stay here, the personnel they had brought were becoming weary from obtaining their objectives and they needed additional help. The idea was presented to their council that maybe they could use the earth’s natural inhabitants, who in their current state, were incapable of communicating or learning. By using genetic manipulation, they could modify the tree animals or what our evolutionist call hominids to create workers. As a side note for those of you in the scientific community here today, you are aware that in the 21st century, we now possess this technology and ability today. This was approximately 250,000 years ago, giving or taking a few millenniums.”  
There was a lot of nodding of heads in the audience, David noticed. Many of them were not creationists, but leaned more towards evolution. The Doctor continued.  
“This brings up an interesting point of contention. Therefore, if you think about the discussion of Darwin and his theory of ‘Natural Selection,’ it appears that the Bible thumpers or creationists and the evolutionists were both correct. On earth, humanity needed a jump-start and Elohim, God, or the Anunnaki, depending on what you want to call them, did so. It is recorded in not only this text but also the Bible and other historical writings. Therefore, there is absolutely no doubt that we were created in their image. Using a modern scientific explanation we were created using some of the Gods’ DNA.”  
As Doctor Ottenberg took a sip of water there were some mumblings in the audience as the leaders quietly expressed their comments to one another.  
“The creators settled into an area most commonly known as the Middle East or Southeast Asia. As all of us know this is the cradle of civilization as we know it. From there, the experiment of creation continued. Over time, there were thousands upon thousands of them. Like their tree relatives, they drank water from the ditch and ate of the fruits of the trees, which was plentiful at the time. The average height of these men varied from three and a half to 4 feet tall. There were two reasons why the early creations were so short. Scientifically, it was a lack of nutrition. The second reason was they were genetically engineered to work in small spaces under the earth and were kept that way for a long period. The Watchers or Gods were six foot and taller. But I will cover the size part later, for it is very relevant to the story.”
“They were unmercifully driven to work the mines under the earth and build cities and other facilities for the Gods or the Watchers. Therefore, in time, the Watchers’ work ended and the humans now did all the work and served their masters. This was the original intent and goal for creating these hybrids.”  
“In the process of this creation and through several generations of workers, the new prototype utilizing refined DNA from the Watchers or Gods was created. The ultimate being, or the Adam, was now a reality. Unlike the workers, the Adam clearly resembled most of the creators’ traits. Other than a limited lifespan and color of skin, Adam was almost a carbon copy. This creation was more acceptable than the hybrids which worked the mines.”
“Adam was coveted and protected in their earth base called Eden. They loved this creation of the Adam and allowed him to roam the compound or as the Bible states, ‘the garden,’ at will. They taught him speech and conversation. They also allowed him to name the animals in the garden. Also at this time, Adam referred to his masters as his God.”  
“The scientists then decided that Adam needed a mate and used some of Adam’s DNA to create the woman, or what was called the Eve. She was as beautiful as, or even more beautiful, than the female Gods were. In a very short time, many of the Gods or Watchers lusted after her. They then asked that more be made for them to take as mates for there were no available women of their kind here on earth.”  
“Therefore, here comes the Jewish condensed story of Adam and Eve in the Jewish Bible. As I move forward, keep in mind their story as described in Genesis.”  
He put up another slide.  
Genesis 2:17 New Revised Standard Version (NRSV)
17 but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil you shall not eat, for in the day that you eat of it you shall die.”

“This lust for mates as a result of the Eve caused concern among some of the leaders of the Watchers. They argued amongst themselves as to whether or not to destroy the Adam and the Eve to eliminate the problem. Making more was out of the question. If they were allowed to mate with them, the ‘Watchers would no longer be a pure race. Then the workers would be like the Gods. Sound familiar?”
He put up another slide.  

Genesis 3: 22 King James Version
22 And the Lord God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live forever:

After he read it aloud, he repeated, “Man has become one of us. Therefore, as you can see, even though the story by the Jews is a bit sugarcoated it is the same story. Let me explain why. During this time, many of the Watchers, led by the all-powerful Lucifer or Satan, second in command on earth, petitioned the council to allow them to create Eves for them to take as mates. The Council needed to put an end to the petitions by the Watchers for Eves as mates. So they decided, in lieu of destroying both Adam and Eve, to make it a crime to take Eve as a mate. Therefore, Adam and Eve were told that if they were to have sexual relations, they would die. It was the only thing they were not allowed in the garden.”
“There was still disagreement among the Watchers about the Adam and the Eve. Lucifer continued to argue with the Council that Adam and Eve were created in their likeness and that they should be allowed to procreate. Then there would be enough for them to take Eves as mates, for they were quite beautiful.”
“The Council responded with an adamant ‘No’ again! They repeated the warning that if Adam and Eve were to mate, they would be destroyed and there would be no direct offspring.”
“However, the more Lucifer thought about it, the more he wanted the Eves to be able to mate with the Watchers that did not have women. Therefore, he formulated a plan that might force the Council to reconsider. He went among his friends and discussed the plan with them. Lucifer explained that there was a technical issue and that was they could not kill one another under any circumstances. They could be imprisoned for a time or even punished. However, they could not be destroyed like the Adam. If one of them were to seduce Eve and impregnate her, then she, like them, would be protected from destruction. At least while she was pregnant the child in turn would also be protected.”  
“Now once again, keep in mind that there was also a problem for the Adam and the Eve. They did not carry the gene that the Watchers had which kept the body from aging. This will be important later in my story.” 
“They agreed that Lucifer should be the one to go, for the council would be less likely to punish him because of his status of being second in command. If some other were to go then they would surely be punished. Therefore, Lucifer went to the garden and found Eve alone. He seduced her by convincing her that she would not die. She, in turn, had Adam partake, convincing him that she had had relations with Lucifer, and she did not die. Therefore, Eve seduced Adam. After having relations with her, Adam realized that Lucifer might want to take her from him. In jealousy, he realized it was her beauty, which attracted Lucifer. He hid her beauty by making her clothing. Alternatively, as the Bible says, woven leaves. To keep her from lusting after him he clothed his lower body. That way, in Adam’s mind, Lucifer would no longer be tempted nor would Eve.”
“In the Bible, the story goes that when God saw them clothed, he asked Adam why, and of course, Adam told him what had occurred. God punished them by removing them from the garden. He also punished Lucifer with the same banishment along with some creative language of crawling on the earth as a serpent.”
“Once again, the condensed version is not what really occurred, but the result was the same. The Gods brought Lucifer before the Council of Gods where he readily admitted what he had done. He told them, as he had before, that Adam and Eve were like them and deserved to be treated as such. Therefore, he taught the woman intercourse and she taught the man. He also reminded them that she was probably pregnant by him and if that were the case, by their own laws, they then could not destroy her for the child would be his.”
“The council argued back and forth about what to do with this issue and the final result was that they could not destroy Lucifer or the woman if she was pregnant with Lucifer’s child. The Council passed judgment on Lucifer by stripping him of his command and status. He was then given the responsibility of the Adam and Eve and all the earth. They told him he would never be allowed to return to his home or Heaven and would live here on earth for eternity.”
“Not willing to accept the Council’s punishment without a fight, Lucifer went to his friends and told them the story. He managed to gather quite a few to help him petition the Council and one third of them were on his side.”
“They all appeared in front of the Council and demanded that Lucifer not be punished and that what he had done was only to teach Adam and Eve to procreate. This action would help populate the earth and they could be used as workers. They would also provide mates for the Watchers, for there were so few females among them.”
“Denying their petition, the Council passed judgment again upon Lucifer and then passed the same judgment on his followers, which at that time represented about one third of the Gods, or as they are referred to in the Bible, ‘Angels’.”
“Lucifer and his followers refused to accept the penalty and also refused to leave the Eden base. The Council then ordered Michael, who was at one time under Lucifer’s command, to remove the dissenters from the base or the garden. This battle is detailed in the Bible as the war in heaven.”  
“Lucifer threatened the Council with rebellion and refusal to manage the mines and requested that the final decision be tabled until they returned home, where the Supreme Council would judge. Once again, the Council refused, and Michael and his legions forced Lucifer and his followers from Eden.”  
“I refer now to the story of Lucifer’s fall as described by the Jews.” A slide came up on the screen behind him and the Doctor read from the text.
 
Revelation 12:7-9 New International Version
Then war broke out in heaven. Michael and his Angels fought against the Dragon, and the Dragon and his ‘Angels fought back. 8 But he was not strong enough, and they lost their place in heaven. 9 The great Dragon was hurled down—that ancient serpent called the devil, or Satan, who leads the whole world astray. He was hurled to the earth and his Angels with him.

“Lucifer was now banished to the earth forever. Lucifer, his followers, and the Adams and the Eves, were no longer allowed to enter Eden. All were sent out amongst the workers. Gabriel was handed the task of ensuring that Lucifer and his followers no longer had access to the compound by placing a guard at the gates to prevent their entry. Once again, as mentioned in the Bible, the Garden had guards or Angels, which were armed with flaming swords.”  
“Now, let me refer you to the book of Enoch. By the way, neither the Jews nor the Christians put this book in the Bible in 325 AD. If they had, then a lot of the misinformation on creation would have been taken care of a long time ago! In this book, the amount of followers Lucifer had were two hundred. This helps to confirm that there were approximately six hundred Watchers or Gods on earth at the time. Earlier I said I would discuss man’s height with you. According to the book of Enoch, the Watchers were three thousand ells high. Well, that would make them two miles high in a literal translation. It would also make it difficult to procreate with the humans. The reality was that they were taller. A four-foot person looking at a six foot four person today would say he is a giant. The book of Enoch also goes on to confirm the sexual issue with the Watchers and the humans.  
He put up another slide.  

The Ethiopian Book of Enoch
It happened after the sons of men had multiplied in those days, that daughters were born to them, elegant and beautiful. And when the angels, the sons of heaven, beheld them, they became enamored of them, saying to each other, Come, let us select for ourselves wives from the progeny of men, and let us beget children. Then their leader said to them; I fear that you may perhaps be indisposed to the performance of this enterprise; And that I alone shall suffer for so grievous a crime. But they answered him and said; We all swear; And bind ourselves by mutual execrations, that we will not change our intention, but execute our projected undertaking. Then they swore all together, and all bound themselves by mutual execrations. Their whole number was two hundred, who descended upon Ardis, which is the top of Mount Armon.

After he read from the slide, he said, “Let me move on with the story. Lucifer went back with his followers and continued the work of managing the mining operation. He and his followers did so in the hopes that the Council would reconsider and allow them to present their case once again.”
“During this period, Lucifer decided to help Adam and Eve. He taught them farming, animal husbandry, how to build shelter, prepare food, and to care for themselves. For everything for them had always been provided before.”
“Lucifer knew that Eve was pregnant. He watched over her as she went through her pregnancy until the child was born. He then told Eve to name the child, Cain. Lucifer watched over them, for he knew the child was his own.”
“Later, Eve was pregnant again. Lucifer knew this other child was from Adam’s seed. When this child was born, he was named Abel.”
“I am getting ahead of myself, but let me continue the story. Lucifer continued to watch over Cain, for he was his child. Adam ignored both Cain and Abel and was unaware that Lucifer was Cain’s father. Fatherhood was not what Adam wanted and he still blamed Eve and Lucifer for his expulsion. Adam spent a great deal of his time going to the gate of Eden, seeking return to the garden.”
“The Gods knew that the first child was Lucifer’s and not Adam’s and that Lucifer adored this child very much. They decided that they would use Cain to punish Lucifer even more.”  
“They decided that when next Adam came to the gate, as he always did, they would promise his eventual return to Eden if he offered sacrifices. Adam did so and he eventually passed this ritual on to Cain and Abel.  
“When they were of age, Adam instructed Cain and Abel that they were to make offerings to the Gods. He told them to build an altar and bring some of their efforts from their toils as farmers and herdsmen, to be offered as sacrifices to the Watchers. If they did as they were told they would eventually be allowed to return to the garden. We all know this return means everlasting life.”
“Of course, Abel brought the slaughtered animal which the Watchers readily accepted, but Cain brought fruits and vegetables from his farming, which was refused. Knowing that Lucifer helped Cain in the fields and by refusing Cain’s offering, the Council felt they had once again slighted Lucifer and embarrassed him.”
“The story goes on to say that Cain became angry and killed his brother Abel. He was then banished even from the outskirts of Eden. He was sent away, not only from the presence of the Gods, but also Adam and Eve. He was also given a mark by the Gods to protect him from the world.”
“The Bible from this point says he goes to the land of Nod, marries, and has children, and so on. Therefore, whom does he marry and where did those people come from? The Bible records only Adam and Eve had been created. Once again, as throughout much of the Bible, only part of the story is told.”
“Now let us examine the sacrifice issue. Has anyone here ever looked at a Jewish altar of sacrifice?” He displayed a drawing of one on the screen. What you see are rocks in a circle off the ground with a grate on top made of metal to hold the sacrifice in place as it burned or cooked.”  
He then put up a picture of a modern barbeque grill without the lid.  
“Now, tell me the difference between the two?” he asked.  
After a moment of looking at the picture he finally said, “There is no difference. Now note that in the Bible, the offering was always the prize animal in the follower’s herd…always the finest and the fattest. Therefore, the sacrifice was just this…I will give you my food to eat if you take care of me. This ritual morphed into a supernatural activity that wasted a lot of good meat later on, especially during the time of Herod’s rule. The Watchers or Gods were obviously carnivorous.”  
“Now, let’s get back to this biblical account of Cain going to the land of Nod. The truth is that Lucifer, realizing what had happened, took Cain to another part of the world, away from the region close to the Watchers base, to protect him. There he lived and worked with Lucifer’s followers. He married into the Watchers kind and then in turn procreated, creating part of the human race, as we now know it. Cain’s first son was named Enoch; however not the Enoch who was the great, great grandfather of Noah, the biblical patriarch of the ark and flood story.”
“However, Adam and Eve then had another child, who they called Seth. He also married into the Watchers’ kind. In the genealogy of mankind, Cain’s offspring crosses over into Seth’s, Adam’s second child.”  
The screen behind him came to life showing the genealogy of man, starting with Adam and Eve. The father of Cain showed Lucifer, not Adam.

Lucifer and Cain’s Generations:
Lucifer, Cain, Enoch, Irad, Mehujael, Methushael, Lamech, Jabal, and his half-brothers Jubal, Tubal Cain
Adam’s Generations:
Adam, Seth, Enosh, Kenan, Mahalalel, Jared, Enoch, Methuselah, Lamech, Noah

“The first thing to notice is why the Bible has not listed Adam or Satan or Lucifer in the generations of Cain. Only the lie by Eve of her transgression refers to Adam being the father of Cain. In Genesis 5, this is corrected for Adam now finally has a child in his own likeness and image. It is finally admitted by Adam that he finally had his own child.” 
A new screen appeared. 

Genesis 5:3 King James Version
When Adam had lived 130 years, he had a son in his own likeness, in his own image.

“This was Seth, and it is from there that the genealogies are listed. Now out of these two genealogies, if you read the actual text of Genesis 4 verses 17-22, each offspring from Cain is listed with his accomplishments and also note that Cain is never mentioned in the generation of Adam as you will soon see.” The graph changed and the verses appeared on the screen: 

Genesis 4: verses 17-22
“Cain knew his wife. She conceived, and gave birth to Enoch. He built a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch. To Enoch was born Irad, Irad became the father of Mehujael. Mehujael became the father of Methushael. Methushael became the father of Lamech. Lamech took two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah. Adah gave birth to Jabal, who was the father of those who dwell in tents and have livestock. His brother's name was Jubal, who was the father of all who handle the harp and pipe.  Zillah also gave birth to Tubal Cain, the forger of every cutting instrument of brass and iron. Tubal Cain's sister was Naamah.”

Doctor Ottenberg turned from the screen then said, “Yet, for the offspring of Adam in Genesis 5 Verses 2-31, no accomplishments are listed.”  
The Bible text came up on the screen.

Genesis 5 Verses 2-31 King James Version
“He created them male and female, and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created. Adam lived one hundred thirty years, and became the father of a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth.  The days of Adam after he became the father of Seth were eight hundred years, and he became the father of sons and daughters. All the days that Adam lived were nine hundred thirty years, and then he died.  Seth lived one hundred five years, and became the father of Enosh.  Seth lived after he became the father of Enosh eight hundred seven years, and became the father of sons and daughters.  All the days of Seth were nine hundred twelve years, and then he died.  Enosh lived ninety years, and became the father of Kenan. Enosh lived after he became the father of Kenan, eight hundred fifteen years, and became the father of sons and daughters. All the days of Enosh were nine hundred five years, and then he died. Kenan lived seventy years, and became the father of Mahalalel. Kenan lived after he became the father of Mahalalel eight hundred forty years, and became the father of sons and daughters and all the days of Kenan were nine hundred ten years, then he died.  Mahalalel lived sixty-five years, and became the father of Jared.  Mahalalel lived after he became the father of Jared eight hundred thirty years, and became the father of sons and daughters.  All the days of Mahalalel were eight hundred ninety-five years, and then he died.  Jared lived one hundred sixty-two years, and became the father of Enoch. Jared lived after he became the father of Enoch eight hundred years, and became the father of sons and daughters.  All the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty-two years, and then he died. Enoch lived sixty-five years, and became the father of Methuselah.  Enoch walked with God after he became the father of Methuselah three hundred years, and became the father of sons and daughters.  All the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty-five years.  Enoch walked with God, and he was not, for God took him.  Methuselah lived one hundred eighty-seven years, and became the father of Lamech.  Methuselah lived after he became the father of Lamech seven hundred eighty-two years, and became the father of sons and daughters.  All the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty-nine years, and then he died.  Lamech lived one hundred eighty-two years, and became the father of a son, and he named him Noah, saying, ‘This same will comfort us in our work and in the toil of our hands, because of the ground which Yahweh has cursed.”  Lamech lived after he became the father of Noah five hundred ninety-five years, and became the father of sons and daughters.  All the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy-seven years, and then he died.”

The Doctor then turned from the screen to face the audience, a look of satisfaction on his face. He said, “You will notice the offspring of Cain were the movers and shakers of the world. They built cities, developed agriculture, created technology such as brass and metal works. Cain and Lucifer created a functioning society. Whereas the offspring of Adam have no accomplishments listed whatsoever, except that they died.”
“There is not one death attributed to Cain’s family, not one. The reason we think is that the father only transmits a specific gene. As each generation unfolds and other females are introduced, this gene becomes diluted. Therefore, it appears that the eternal life gene may have passed to Cain, but eventually became diluted with others who followed him. However at the time of the writing the biblical writers were never sure when, if ever, the others died, so they omitted any mention of death or age.”   
“Regarding no accomplishments recorded, the offspring of Adam felt they were under their God’s protection and they believed that what they needed would come to them, which is much like how many today are. Not much has changed since then. Therefore, over the years, especially after the flood, many became slaves or servants and were not the builders of the world as we know it today.”  
“Once again, note that the Bible only refers to the creation of a son in Adam’s image with Seth. Moreover, Cain is not mentioned in the generations of Adam. So once again, the story is somewhat correct but the causes were not. Then God himself tells Lucifer about his seed with Eve.”  
Another Graph appeared on the screen.   

Genesis 3:15 King James Version
15 And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.

“God was cursing the seed of the devil and Eve. This verse is misinterpreted to refer to the Messiah of Jesus. Not correct. Also, remember that Eve stated she had a child from God. At the time, Lucifer was considered a God, prior to expulsion by the Watchers.”
Doctor Ottenberg then changed the graphic, showing a map of Africa and the Mideast. He pointed to the area commonly known as Jerusalem and said, “That is where the first base had been located, and the Garden of Eden was somewhat north of it. As you can see, it is between the Euphrates and Tigris Rivers in modern day Northern Iraq.” 
He also pointed to areas in the African continent were mining had occurred. On another graphic, he explained where hybrid workers settled additional mining sites. This included parts of America, Mexico, South America, Greece, Europe, Rome, India, and other areas of the earth. 
He continued speaking, “Eventually the Gods left the earth as they always did after they had what they came for. They returned to their homes in the heavens, not here on earth. And as they promised when they left, Lucifer and his two-hundred followers were left on the earth along with the workers, Adam, Eve, and Cain.”
“From here, the genealogies of the Bible are somewhat correct and time went by. The Gods returned after about a 1500-year absence. Then the next story in their Bible is that of the flood. But once again, that information provided is not totally correct.”
“When the Gods returned to earth, they found that not only did the hybrids not die off but that the earth was quite populated with a combination of intermingled races. These occupants of the earth were called Nephilim and their presence is recorded in the Bible and other writings, which you will never hear a preacher talking about! They avoid it.”
He put a graphic on the screen then read from it.

Genesis 6:4 New International Version (NIV) 4:
The Nephilim were on the earth in those days—and also afterward—when the sons of God went to the daughters of humans and had children by them.  They were the heroes of old, men of renown.

“What you need to read in this verse is probably an attempt by the Jewish writers to make sure that their book was accepted. For all knew of this part of the story and it appears that they needed a way to put a summary in. Therefore, as you can see, they readily admitted that the Gods, or the children of the Gods, copulated with the humans. Also, note that these people were heroes and men of renown. Therefore, if you remember the earlier verses of the heroes in Greek Mythology, which were written prior to the Sumerians like Gilgamesh. This verse covers them all it appears.”
“Back now to the return of the Gods. The Gods or Watchers were not pleased with humanity spread throughout the world and they felt threatened. These hybrids under Lucifer and his followers were almost like themselves and had managed to not only survive, but also build cities, have commerce, and were becoming quite powerful. The only weakness they had was that most eventually died after a few hundred years. They did not possess all the correct genes of the Watchers; but they kept reproducing and the population was substantial.”
“The Gods then had difficulty getting them to work the mines, as they had done before they had left. Lucifer and his followers were not very cooperative with the Watchers. Lucifer knew that they only wanted to destroy the humans, as he called them, and tried to negotiate with the Council for their safekeeping. Eventually a truce was worked out and the Watchers guaranteed Lucifer that if they would help them mine the minerals they needed, they would leave in peace, once they fulfilled their mission.”
“However, in secret they in turn decided to wipe out the entire race of hybrids, or humans, by flooding the earth once they left. They assumed that the population of these hybrids would be wiped out for the floods would come quickly and there would be no place of refuge for them.”
“Lucifer found out about their plans and hastily gathered together a group he would save from the planned extermination. In secret, he built, with the help of a selected group of people, the Ark, that is written about in the Bible. Lucifer also traveled to other mining sites on different continents to duplicate what had been done for Noah to ensure survival of at least a part of humanity. That is why you have so many accounts of the flood from different cultures.”
The Doctor paused then said, “If you read the Jewish version of the Bible, you will find that God was upset about the Angels taking the humans as wives, of whose offspring was called the Nephilim. The Hebrew Bible confirms this story I am telling you, as well as many other ancient writings.”
“So, as you can see, there is reason to question the motives of the Gods and there are questions as to why Lucifer was left here with his Angels or followers. What we know now is the following.” 
He put up another graphic on the screen.
“You will see that we now have at least two instances of the Gods, or the Jewish God, trying to destroy humankind.”
Expulsion and left to fend for themselves after the garden story
Total destruction of humanity during the flood
“But once again, if you look at what really happened, referring again to the graphic.”
Lucifer saved Adam, Eve and Cain
Lucifer saved remnants of mankind during the flood
“What this tells us so far is that the Gods or the Watchers, depending on what you wish to call them, have one goal in mind.” The graphic changed again.

THE TOTAL DESTRUCTION OF MANKIND!

Doctor Ottenberg allowed a few seconds to go by, letting this sink in. Many in the audience were whispering to each other. As it died down, he began again.  
“Now the next story in the Bible is the destruction and confusion of the language in the Tower of Babel. But once again, the result is the Watchers’ destruction of humanity in order for mankind to be enslaved for the needs of the Gods.”
He paused for a moment then said, “Not to confuse you, but I interchange Gods and Watchers. For the monolithic believers it’s God. For historical references, they are not Gods but referred to as the Watchers. Also with Satan and Lucifer, there is controversy over the Lucifer label as not being Satan. However be assured Lucifer and Satan are one and the same. The Jews associate the label Lucifer with Nebuchadnezzar II or the Morning Star. You may read about this on your own for it is quite interesting. With that said, let me continue.”   
“Having fled the earth prior to the flood and not warning the people of the earth, it was assumed by the Watchers that the humans were destroyed. When they returned to earth, they once again were quite surprised to see the earth very fruitful and prosperous.”
“They sent for Lucifer and asked for workers and again Lucifer refused them. They asked about the tower Nimrod was building and its purpose. Lucifer told them it was designed to be higher than the floodwaters so that in the event they decided to flood the earth again, there would be a refuge. He then said that similar ones were being built on various continents around the earth. Thus, some of the ancient buildings that still exist today called Ziggurats. Notable ziggurats include the Great Ziggurat of Ur, the Ziggurat of Aqar Quf, and Etemenanki in Babylon. This last one is the inspiration behind the Jewish biblical story of the Tower of Babel. There are many others worldwide.” 
He put up another slide on the screen on which pictures depicted existing and other ruins of these buildings.
After he went through them, he said, “Now to continue our story. In retaliation, the Gods destroyed the city Nimrod had built which contained the tower. They separated the humans into groups, took them to different areas of the world. They were forced to mine the minerals until the Watchers left again. Once again, Lucifer was defeated and the humans mined the earth. He did not have their weapons to defend humanity and he was still in fear they might try to destroy them all eventually. However, finally as always, they left again.”
“The people of the earth prospered under Lucifer after the Watchers left. Great cities were built and civilizations sprang up in Egypt, Assyria, Mesopotamia, and other parts of the world, even the Americas.”
“Another major story of the Bible is the founding of the Jewish people and the story of Abraham and his covenant. The council was growing tired of negotiating with Lucifer every time they came back to mine the earth. They came up with the idea of making another race of people. This race would not come under Lucifer’s protection and would give the Watchers a ready source of labor. I will explain this in detail later on in the story.”
“They chose Abram later called Abraham from UR, a Sumerian city. They promised him his own kingdom and lied to him that ‘his’ seed would become a great nation. They also offered him the protection of the Gods, and eventually, everlasting life. The only catch was that they had to mine for them and store it until their return.”
“Abraham’s wife, Sarah, however, did not conceive with Abraham. Prior to learning of his selection by the Watchers, Sarah had agreed that Abraham should have a son with her slave, Hagar, since he wanted an heir. This act is chronicled in the Bible. His name was Ishmael. But I am getting ahead of myself again.”  
“Later, they made a bargain with Abraham that he would have a son with his wife Sarah as the beginning of the great nation he would be the father of. Sarah would then become pregnant by the Watchers, using the same techniques as placing an embryo into a woman, which we can ourselves do today. Sarah then delivered a son to her husband Abraham. They named him Isaac. This was a new race of people.”  
 “Abraham did as he was told and went to the land of Canaan. There he and his son established a great nation, now known as Israel, home of the Jews. They became the Watchers’ workforce on earth. They believed the promises, just as Adam did thousands of years prior.”
“When Lucifer heard of this, he once again petitioned the Council. He claimed that creating a new race of people was not in the best interest of the world. The Council told him that since they were not asking for his workers he should stop his protests.”
“During this same time, Lucifer had built a large city called Sodom and Gomorrah. To teach him a lesson the Council decided that it could accomplish two things at once. First, do Abraham a favor by saving his brother Lot, with whom Lucifer was friends. Lot and his family would be rescued by the Angels or the Gods from the city before it was completely destroyed. This would also strengthen their hold over Abraham, showing their power over Lucifer.” 
A new graphic was put up again. It showed the different times the Watchers had caused destruction on the earth:

Expulsion and left to fend for themselves after the garden story
Total destruction of humanity during the flood
Total destruction of Nimrod’s City
The total destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding areas

“After the destruction of his city, Lucifer decided it best to ignore this new race of people and let the Watchers do as they chose with them.”  
“Now, to give you an idea of this man, Abraham, and his wife. There is a story about how they came about having property and riches. We refer to Genesis Chapter 12: 11-20. The versed appeared on the screen and the Dr. read from it. 
 
Genesis Chapter 12: 11-20
And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he said unto Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon: Therefore it shall come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see thee, that they shall say, This is his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save thee alive. 
Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister: that it may be well with me for thy sake; and my soul shall live because of thee. And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair.
The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house. And he entreated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses, and camels. 
And the Lord plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai Abram's wife, and Pharaoh called Abram, and said, What is this that thou hast done unto me? Why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife?
Why saidst thou, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me to wife: now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and go thy way. And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him: and they sent him away, and his wife, and all that he had.

“The summary of this story in the Bible is that Abraham and Sarah lied to the Pharaoh by saying that she was his sister. Pharaoh then brought her into the palace for two years as one of his concubines. The way the pharaoh found out the truth was that he could not understand why everyone in his court had become gravely ill. The reason they were ill was as a result of a curse. The reason for the curse he was told, was because he was consorting with a married woman in Sarah. Then he found out the real reason was that Abraham’s benefactor or God had made his court ill. Therefore, he made a deal to end the curse and paid Abraham a lot of hush money and property to keep quiet about it. Abraham had his stake in life and then established with the proceeds, Israel.”  
He took a sip of water, smiled, then after a short moment, Doctor Ottenberg continued. 
“The Bible then tells of the story of Joseph being sold as a slave by his brothers and finding favor with the Pharaoh and eventually becoming powerful. Now, during the famine in Israel, Joseph had his family move to Egypt. Eventually, the entire Jewish nation had moved to Egypt, for their land was now barren during the famine. Using Joseph was planned by Lucifer to get the Jews away from the Watchers. His hope was that when the Watchers returned, he could use the Jews as a bargaining chip.”
“When the Watchers returned, they found that the Jews were residing in Egypt as slaves for the country. They then sent their agent Moses to Egypt to secure the release of their workers.”
“Once again, destruction was rampant in the world and the Watchers caused all types of destruction using plagues and outright murder. Once again, they all but destroyed the progress of humanity in less than a few months. Lucifer eventually negotiated a truce with Moses and released the Jews to him.”
“Moses took the Jews into the wilderness where they once again mined for the Watchers. Once the Watchers’ ships were filled with minerals, they returned the Jews to Canaan. They helped them destroy the Canaanites who had taken over the land in their absence. The Jews were left to prosper until the Watchers returned again.”
“So now you understand what they were doing for forty years in the wilderness. Please note that historians have not been able to figure out what the Jews were doing during that forty-year period. There is not one shred of evidence of their wanderings for forty years in that area described in the Bible. The reality was they were mining and building for the Watchers a long way away. As a footnote, the Jews rebelled against the Gods when they found out that they were to go back to the mines and not Canaan. Moses put down that rebellion. He told them that the Watchers had threatened to kill all of them and start a new race with him. He told them he intervened with a prayer on their behalf. Grateful for not being destroyed, the Jews obediently went to the mines. You can read it in Exodus 32:11-14 of the Bible.”  
Doctor Ottenberg put up the next graphic:

Expulsion and left to fend for themselves after the garden story
Total destruction of humanity during the flood
Destruction of Nimrod’s City 
The total destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding areas
Destruction of Egypt’s Empire 
Total destruction of the Canaanites for the worker Jewish hybrids

“As you can see, the pattern is the same. Of course, the Jews multiplied. They keep their promise by mining and storing great quantities of minerals for when the Watchers return.”
“The Watchers returned to earth about seven hundred and fifty years later. They returned to Eden, which is near Jerusalem. The Jews loaded their ships with the minerals of seven hundred and fifty years of mining; and of course, the Gods used the Jewish Temple as their base. You may remember the stories and legends of the vast riches of ‘Solomon’s lost mines’. They were not lost but given to the Watchers. The Gods believed that the battle with Lucifer had ended.”
“When the Gods had left and Lucifer found out they had once again given over the earth’s resources to them, he punished the Jews severely. He did so by allowing the Babylonians to enslave them and destroy the Temple, which was the base for the Gods. He did this to stop the Jews from continuing to mine for the Watchers and to make sure it did not happen again.”
“They were allowed to eventually return to their lands. However, only while under occupation by various countries and leaders such as Herod. This was designed to suppress them from providing minerals to the Watchers. They rebuilt their Temple in fear the Gods would destroy them when they returned, and that was the only concession they were allowed by Lucifer. However, Herod was in Lucifer’s camp. He suppressed the Jews at every turn. The Jews were kept under occupation from that time forward.”  
“Of course, the Gods returned and now the Jews were under Roman domination and they had not mined for the Watchers. The Watchers had to negotiate with Lucifer again. They went again to other parts of the world to mine and Lucifer replenished their workers there, but not in the lands controlled by Lucifer.”
“During this trip the Watchers decided that the Jewish plan was not working well. They decided to offer the same promise to the rest of humanity in hopes that the next time they came they would revolt against Lucifer. They would be able to have many workers and not the token amount offered by Lucifer to keep peace.”  
“In order to do this they took one of Abraham’s direct descendants and once again impregnated one of the Jews just like Sarah. But unlike the other creations, they included the everlasting life gene.”
“They told her that the child she was to bear would be the savior of not only the Jews but all the other humans or gentiles and defeat death. They also said that he would be a prophet then a God to the world. He was not to marry for he would be taken back with the Gods once his mission was accomplished.”  
“Now like the Jews who from Abraham received the promise of everlasting life, the child born to her would offer the same promise to the entire world of everlasting life. The point being that when the Gods returned they would then have not only the Jews fighting against Lucifer and his followers but also the rest of the world. Eventually, they felt that would end his power over the earth for the Gods held the key to everlasting life and Lucifer did not.”  
“Of course we all know the story from there. Jesus offered the same promises as the Gods had given to Adam, Abraham, and now to the rest of the world or the gentiles…which means non-believers.”  
“Lucifer once met with the Jesus in the desert away from his followers. Lucifer tried to reason with him and have him turn against the Gods by marrying one of the humans. He also offered him supreme power on earth. He told him that the hybrid race of the Jews were not happy that he was giving the promise to everyone and that they wished to destroy him.”  
“Of course, as the Bible records, he refused Lucifer’s good will. When he returned to Jerusalem, he was eventually arrested by the Sanhedrin and crucified, just as Lucifer told him he would be. However, that was the Watchers’ purpose. Then the world would have visual proof that the promise they keep offering the Jews of defeating death would now include all humanity, or once again, the gentiles.”  
“After the Watchers rescued him following the crucifixion, they had Jesus go to his followers so they could in turn give proof that he had risen from the dead. Then, from that point, Christianity was born. The old Jewish laws were abandoned and the gentiles could now receive the promise. All they had to do was as the Watchers told them. Then they would each receive the promise.”  
“Of course, the Watchers could not leave Jesus on earth in fear that he would eventually procreate. Therefore, they took him when they left again with the promise to the peoples of the earth that he would return. When he returned, Lucifer would be reined in for the last time. Of course, the dead would be resurrected and both the living and resurrected dead would be given everlasting life.”
“Now the Watchers felt that when they returned again, not only would they have the Jews but also the gentiles rise up against Lucifer. Mind you, their plan worked, for there are over one and a half billion Christians waiting for this Jesus to return and a billion Muslims. What they do know is they will be God’s servants as their Bible talks about. However, they do not understand that like the Jews, they will work for the Watchers for a thousand years, until they are of no use. Then, as the Bible says, ‘Lucifer will be released’. Of course, they will be gone then. Then we start over again until they return, and so on and so on.”  
 “They did however leave two of their agents and some of their associates behind on the earth, Gabriel and Ariel. They helped create the religions of Islam and Mormonism. In 750 AD, they took a man and made him a prophet. He modeled this new religion like that of the Jews with a few twists such as that, Ishmael was the one who received Abraham’s promise, not Isaac. They also believe that Jesus will come back to battle Lucifer. Now, like Christianity, they have a billion plus followers. As I mentioned before, this makes close to three billion or nearly half the human race that is waiting for the return of a god or a prophet named Jesus.”  
“Now, in more modern times the Jews figured out a different way to mine and be prepared for the return of the Watchers. They became the bankers of the world. For over a thousand years, they accumulated vast stores of gold and silver in their banks. They gave us paper money from the banks as promissory notes, not hard coinage of true value. It was all being saved for the Watchers when they returned.”
“We took all that away during World War II. Using Hitler and his military machine the Jews stranglehold over money ended. Many were exterminated during this time. Some remained, but they, like the Sanhedrin with the Christ issues, also came over to our side. All the gold and other precious metals are being stored in vaults around the world. They cannot give it away this time as they had done in Solomon’s time. In our vaults, there is an estimated 3.8 billion ounces of gold; that is a cube sixty-five feet high, by sixty-five feet wide, or a six-story building. They cannot have it.  
He paused again with his thumb and two fingers rubbing together, insinuating ‘show me the money.’   
“If you look at what is promised to the Christians, the Jews, the Muslims, the Mormons and other such religions that believe in a monolithic god is that the gods will once again return. There would be a thousand years of peace. Anyone not willing to do as they are told will be destroyed. The ones willing to do as the Gods say will be allowed to survive. Then there is the popular phrase, “serve the Lord.””
He put up another verse.

1 Samuel 12:20-21 King James Version (KJV) 

20. And Samuel said unto the people, Fear not: ye have done all this wickedness: yet turn not aside from following the LORD, but serve the LORD with all your heart;

“Yes, I promise you they will serve. Serve as slaves; serve and serve and serve!”

He put up another verse on the screen. 

Revelation 20 King James Version (KJV)

And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand.
And he laid hold on the Dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years,
And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season.
“He read from the slide then said, “Lucifer would be bound for that time and then eventually released again after a thousand years. What does this mean? What it means is that they are planning to return, enslave humanity for a thousand years, remove our gold and minerals from our vaults, strip what is left of our minerals, and remove them to their world. When they are done, they will once again release Lucifer, and then leave the mess they always leave in their wake.”  
Dr. Ottenberg paused again, looking down at the podium with his hands grasping the sides. It was very quiet. After a few moments of catching his breath, he raised his head looking at the audience said, “We are now again at that time of their return. Their agents or what the Christians and the Jews call Witnesses or Prophets are here. The Gods, as they are called are coming back. This time they intend on ending life on earth, as we know it. They have let us know through this person Jesus and their agents that they intend to destroy half or more of the earth’s population before they arrive. This is to put fear into humanity. What is left of humanity will be enslaved for a thousand years. Lucifer will be restrained for that same period. After the thousand years, they will once again release Lucifer and with what is left of earth, he will have to start over again, as so many times before.”   
“However,” Doctor Ottenberg paused, “This time we are as powerful as they are. This time will be the last time they come here. Moreover, this time we will take the gene from them that we need to end death on earth. This time we will take charge of our future without being enslaved by the Watchers! How, you may ask, are we to do this? We are going to set a trap for them using their chosen workers the Jews. The base or Temple, as they call it, will be there as it was in the past and that will lull them into a false sense of security. Their communication device, the Ark, will be returned to them.”  
He was smiling now.  
“Yes, we have it, and it will be returned to them as soon as they rebuild their Temple. On the other hand, I should say Elijah knows where it is.”  
“When the Watchers come to claim the throne and enslave us we will be in the valley where they always land. We will destroy them once and for all. Yes, they are right in their Bible story. The final battle will be in the valley of Meddigo; but this time we are ready. We have the numbers and the weapons this time. Unlike in the past, we have equaled their technology and ability to wage war. And yes, we will win.”  
“I would also like to comment on one more thing, and that is that the actual documentation of all that I have spoken to you about is located in the archives of the Church in the Vatican. The next Pope will open these files for the world to see. Finally, humanity will know who their true God actually is. This way all people will at last know the truth.” 
Looking out over the audience smiling, occasionally stopping to make eye contact with key people, he continued the story.  
“Like in the stories of old, they are coming back. They will enslave us if we do not fight back. In the end, the Watchers will send their Jesus and his warriors. Lucifer will send his son Cain and his warriors to meet him. Now we must prepare.”  
“Before I close, I would like you to note once again that this is a summary of all that has happened to humanity since creation. There are many more details of what happened but there is no time today. Also, at this point in time, most of it is irrelevant.”  
He bowed before the audience then said, “Thank you.”  
He then turned away from the podium and sat down in the chair by the table on the stage. During that entire episode all you could hear was the breathing of the audience, not a word was said. Now for the first time, the other side of the story was being told. David knew as sure as he was sitting there, that this story would soon be told worldwide. The media machine under their control would get people to believe it. 
He knew that most already believed in UFO’s and had seen movie after movie of invasions of the earth by tyrants. He had no doubt they would get people to believe that all this was true. It was amazing!
Aafre looked over at him and asked, “David, can you have them put the graphics of the world up on the screen?”  
David rose from his seat and walked over to the computer station on the floor facing the stage. He hit the return button then clicked on the Power Point presentation. The screen lit up with a graphic of the world on it.
Aafre rose from his seat and walked to the podium.  
Chapter 34
6:10 PM Friday Jerusalem Prime Minister’s David Ben Bernstein’s Office 
“When is Elijah coming here, Yona?” David Ben Bernstein asked. “He was supposed to be here some time ago and the day is almost gone. We know he arrived at around 5:00 PM in Tel Aviv with your Chief Rabbi of the Sephardi, Benjamin uh…”
“Benjamin Hagen, Prime Minister.”
“Right, Benjamin; so, any word yet from them?”
“All I know for sure is that they left Tel Aviv in a military escorted car and were coming here as per your request, sir. I am sure you realize that Elijah does as he wishes. I looked up his history in the Talmud and other writings. To be honest, he prefers to do as he pleases. The only time table he has is his own; that is, he and God’s, no one else’s.”
“So what are you telling me, Yona? Does he not even have the decency to show up on some sort of a schedule? This is the 21st century, not the time of the Old Testament. For God’s sake, we have the Iranians threatening to attack. The entire nation is on alert. He is the cause of the alert, based on the comments he made in the States last night. We need some answers.”
“I don’t know, sir. All I know is what you know and what the scriptures tell us. We know that Adonai was to send Elijah to us. Now it appears that he is here. If you read what he did to Israel before and how he feels and interacts with God, you will have patience. He is more powerful than our nation or our enemies.”
“Are you saying that he is now in charge of Israel and Adonai has made this happen? Do we have to do as he says?”
“Yes, Prime Minister, that is exactly what it means. For without Adonai, Israel would be doomed, and as you know, our religion is a distinct part of this government. We knew this time would come about, and that when it did, the game was going to change. God has already written our history long into the future and I think Israel must be ready to accept what Elijah tells us to do.”
“That’s insane, Yona, absolutely insane.”
“Maybe, Prime Minister, but all the same, I can assure you that when and if he meets with us, there will be absolutely no negotiations whatsoever. He will do as he pleases and we will not be able to stop him.”
David looked over at his telephone as it rang and answered the call. He listened to the caller then said, “Please send them in.” As he replaced the receiver, he said to Yona, 
“They are here and on their way in.”
Chapter 35 
6:15 PM Friday Jerusalem Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein’s Office
The door opened and Benjamin Hagen and Elijah entered the room. The Prime Minister, David Bernstein, and Shlomo Mendel, Minister of defense, rose to greet them; Meyer did not.
“Welcome, Elijah,” the Prime Minister said as he shook hands with Elijah. Then he introduced the other people present, “This is Shlomo Mendel, our Defense Minister, and Meyer Branlin our Director of Mossad, who I understand you already know.” He then pointed over to Yona and introduced him as well. Yona directed Elijah and Benjamin to chairs at the conference table. David said, “Please gentlemen, have a seat.”  
As they all settled into their chairs, David began, “I am not sure,” directing his attention to Elijah, “how we should address you Elijah. With the rabbis, I usually refer to them as Rabbi and then we talk as normal men, but I have never been face to face with an Israeli Prophet. This is very unusual for me…well all of us. Should we bow down in reverence? What is proper Rabbi for now days in greeting one another, we all just shake hands.”  
“David, you are named after one of Israel’s greatest leaders, a shepherd boy made king. Your parents gave that name to you in reverence to him. What did he do in the presence of Nathan the prophet?”
“Well, once he stood before him to accept punishment for his adulterous ways; other times to hear what Adonai wanted him to do. David treated him as the direct connection to Adonai.”  
“Then, once again, David, the situation has not changed. You will do as the Great King David. Give me the same respect that was given Nathan during his time. Now, not to start on a negative, but since this came up about David and Nathan, I know that some of you here and the government of Israel are not too pleased that I am here. So let me warn you,” he looked around the table at each man before continuing, “Be assured that I, with Adonai’s power, will deal with each member of your government as Nathan dealt with Israel’s King David. I assume you know the scriptures.”
“Yes, Elijah. We do understand the scriptures, and yes, I do have a son also, and yes, we know David’s punishment from Adonai. I, like King David, would be very distraught if something were to happen to my son as was the case with King David’s son.”
David thought that Elijah was wasting no words as he threatened them all. Aloud he said, “Elijah, I have to tell you that I am having a hard time accepting the reality that a prophet from the Pentateuch is here. Never in my wildest dreams did I think this would occur. We live in such a modern world and things have changed since ancient times. Your remarks so far today, and especially last night on the Bear News Broadcast in Kansas City, concern me.”  
“I am sure they do,” Elijah replied. “But all of what is taking place in the world right now has been prophesied and are in your scriptures, which you said you knew. Moreover, David, as you well know, Israel is a major player in this end time. In addition, you David, and your government, with all of Israel, are all a part of this time. You also have an obligation to Adonai to obey.”
The room became quite, then Meyer Branlin said, “Elijah, no disrespect, but I knew you before as the Rabbi cave dweller near the border. So why all of a sudden have you become the Prophet Elijah, returned to earth? All these years you have been in the desert known only as an unknown self-proclaimed Rabbi named Shraya. Most considered you insane especially in light of your rants directed against the government of Israel for being godless. However, Elijah, you were ignored. You usually had only a few, if any at all, to listen to your calls for Israel to return to God. Now all of a sudden we have a Rabbi turned prophet who lives in a cave. Many like me believe you to be a nut case. Now, you have somehow or other made your way into the Prime Minister’s offices and you are saying not only David, but all of us, need to obey you. This is very hard to believe and to be honest, I think you and this other Witness are putting on a charade, and that you are both frauds”
“Meyer,” David said, “Now is not the time for that type of talk.”
“So when is the right time? Make him explain himself. I have the burden of protecting our country from spies and infiltrators and others trying to destroy us. I do not take well with rabbis who now claim to be from Adonai and who claim to be thousands of years old. He is threatening all we have worked for.”  
Meyer turned again to Elijah, “Why should I, or any of us, believe you?”
Yona said, “Meyer, please, let him explain himself. Attacking him personally will not get us anywhere.”
“Yes,” Benjamin added, “I was there in the United States and I saw his power. I should warn you that your tongue might well be your ruin. This man may well have been sent by Adonai to us.”
Elijah then interrupted, “I do not care what you think one way or the other, Director. I can tell you though, that your heart is not with Adonai, but with your own personal power. You cannot see past your own ambitions and the control that you believe you have over others.”  
Elijah paused before saying, “For instance, bringing the other Witness into your jails and torture chambers, and stealing his documents from Adonai. Even though you do not know it, you gave those documents to the devil himself. That, Director Meyer, shows where you allegiance is. Yes, Meyer I know all about what you did and why you did it. You will not be a part of what needs to occur here before Jesus, or as some for now call Him, the Messiah, returns to earth. Therefore, I refer you to the books of the Pentateuch, when David sinned against Adonai and damaged the Kingdom of Israel. You will be punished as Nathan punished King David. Or Di…rec…tor…Meyer, you will invite Adonai into your heart to save your soul and avoid his punishment.”
Elijah stopped then and stood leaning over the table, his palms flat on the surface, his face almost touching Meyer’s, his eyes piercing as if there was no end to them. Then he said, “You have your own agenda and Adonai will punish you, but not with your life; instead, with total separation from Adonai. I have no more to discuss with you.”  
“Are you threatening me? Yes I know those scriptures and if you even dare harm one hair of my son’s head, I will personally torture you till you beg for mercy; and the hell with your Adonai!”
Meyer then turned to David, “David, I do not need to listen to this and I want this man arrested for threatening a member of the government.”
David looked up at Meyer then looked over at Elijah. As he bowed his head and wrung his hands, he finally looked up and said, “Meyer, did you take from the Witness known as Enoch documents from Adonai?”
“I have said I do not need to be a part of this and I do not have to answer your question. Now, allow me to have this man arrested.”
“Did you or did you not take the documents?”
“Yes, I did.”
“Where are they?”
“I gave them to one of our allies as a favor for helping us on another issue. It was a trade. Have you forgotten what I do for our country?”
“I want them returned.”
“That is not possible. They are gone. Again, are you going to let me arrest this man or not?”
“No, Meyer, I am not. Moreover, I need to speak to some other members of the government, for I am not sure that I wish to continue your services, at least in your current capacity, unchecked. For now, I am asking you to leave because you need to calm down. I will discuss your concerns with you later, but not now. Your anger is not helping our situation here. Please excuse yourself and leave.”    
“Fine, I will leave. Nevertheless, before this is all over, all of you will crawl back to me for my help and it will be soon. That is if you are still in power.”
“That is enough, Meyer!” David exclaimed. “We will deal with this later.”
Meyer stood then turned to Elijah and said, “Once again, Rabbi, if one hair of my son’s head is hurt, I will kill you myself.” 
He turned and stormed out of the room.
After Meyer had left David looked over towards Elijah and said, “Please forgive him, Elijah. He has only known pain in his life, which makes him good at what he does. Our country is barely surviving daily. It is men like him who keep us safe and allow us to maintain our place here in the Middle East.”
Elijah, still standing with his palms flat on the table, leaned towards David and said, “Do you think that Israel’s presence today is because of men like him? If so, you are misguided. Israel is here for Adonai said you would be brought back from exile at the appointed time and that time is now. Israel is here because Adonai wishes for it to be so. Just as Adonai took your land away from you and dispersed you into the countries of the world during the time of the last destruction of the last Temple. You must realize David, and all of Israel, that it is Adonai, which protects you against all odds. You have won wars that were seemingly impossible in the past few decades. That, David, was the grace of Adonai, to fulfill His promises; not godless men like Meyer!”
Elijah then lifted his hands off the table and sat back down. In a much softer voice he said, “Your very existence now is based on a pen stroke by a politician in a faraway land. Who do you think moved that government after the holocaust and World War II that Israel would return to the ‘Promised Land?’ Against all odds, it happened; the return of Israel to the land you are in right now. Yet here we are, and in Jerusalem. Read the scriptures, for Jesus who you do not believe in, said that at the time of the end the Jews would be returned. He also said that generation would not pass. Well, David, that is where we are right now. Adonai has a plan for Israel with or without Meyer or the likes of him. The sooner, David, you and all the rest of Israel understand this, the better off you will be.”  
David’s face contorted as he fought back the anger rising in him. As he composed himself, he let out a sigh. He then looked over at Elijah and said, “Alright Elijah, we understand. Can we put this issue aside and discuss the things you talked about last night which have our enemies at our doorstep ready to attack us?”
Elijah took his hands from the table, placed his fingers together in a steeple with the tips near to his mouth and said nothing. 
Chapter 36
6:15 PM Friday Jerusalem, Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein’s office
Like the others, David sat looking at Elijah. No one else said anything. Elijah seemed to be in his own world and for the past few minutes since the Director left, he had just sat with his hands in the steeple position as if meditating, while he stared at the table. As he looked at Elijah, David’s mind started wandering as he thought about how he had ended up in the position he was in. Since Israel had returned to its homeland after World War II, survival of the country had not changed. The daily decisions that he and the government made on behalf of Israel’s defense had been a matter of survival. Diplomacy was rarely ever used. Their enemies which surrounded them were shown no mercy and were afraid of Israel’s power. This power extended to many parts of the world using their extensive spy system.  
The Mossad was a large part of security for Israel. Enemies were kept at bay by any means available. This could include assassination and torture of dissidents, similar to the attacks on the nuclear scientists in Iran. Now with Elijah here, things may well have changed. It seemed that Meyer and Elijah had different objectives.  
With Enoch attacking the United States, who up until now was Israel’s main protector, aid would probably soon no longer be available to them. Without America, Israel would be like a small island surrounded by a vast sea of enemies.  
It seemed strange that all of this would occur when he was Prime Minister. As unlikely as his election had been, He had become the Israeli leader for his ability to negotiate peace and not antagonize enemies. It was not because of his military prowess, like so many others before him. 
Since David had become Prime Minister, attacks and suicide bombings had dropped off significantly. Except for Iran and their rattling of sabers, peace seemed possible among the neighboring countries. Even Hamas had been more in tune to peace since his election; but then his background was that of a diplomat in the Ministry of Defense.  
Looking again over at Elijah, David wondered if the Prophet knew that he was a devout Jew and adhered as best he could to its laws and customs. His father was a devout Rabbi who daily, like his father before him who had migrated from postwar Germany, could be seen at the Temple Mount preaching to the masses. His father had made sure that, as a young man he understood that Adonai would eventually return and restore Israel to its rightful place in the world.
Even though his father, and his father before him were Rabbis, he never had a desire to pursue a religious career. Instead, he had chosen to study law and was fortunate enough to have been educated in the United States. After graduating from The Hebrew University in Jerusalem, he attended Harvard law school.
After returning to Israel, he did his duty in the Army, as was the requirement for every Israeli Citizen. Due to his law degree and command of Hebrew, Farsi, and English, he ended up in the diplomatic corps. In time, he became a commanding presence in representing Israel on the world stage as a diplomat. He was a good diplomat, and had few enemies.  
A few of David’s associates in his party had convinced him to be an alternative candidate for the position of Prime Minister. Due to problems with infighting in the government and mistrust, the popular opinion in the Knesset changed in his favor and they elected him as Prime Minister.
Now, as the son of Rabbis, he was the one to have to deal with the man from Adonai. For the first time in thousands of years, Israel was probably about to be directed by a prophet again. If that were the case, then would he be able to make his own decisions? The world was so different than it was in King David’s time and there was so much at stake.
Elijah broke his silence and looked up at the Prime Minister, “David, you are probably thinking of how difficult things are right now. Your thoughts are correct. Israel must deal with a prophet from Adonai again and has not had to do so for so very long. Now you do. As a country have the choice to follow Adonai’s word or suffer His rebuke.”
“I know Elijah, but you have to understand that as of yesterday, and as a result of your appearance, threats and actions, our position in the world has changed. I am at a loss for words. You saw how Meyer handled this and I am sure many of our leaders will feel the same.”
Yona, finding an opening for a question burning inside him, blurted out, “Elijah, do we really have to rebuild the Temple right on that spot where the Dome of the Rock is?”
“Yes, Yona. That is where it belongs and where it will be rebuilt. The first and second times the Temple was constructed, it was built right there. Therefore, this will be the third. Adonai’s command is to remove the foreign occupation from His Holy Temple Mount in Jerusalem and to rebuild the Holy Temple. Once again, making Jerusalem as it was in the time of King David, during his and Solomon’s reign; not as that of Herod or the Roman Gentiles, who defiled the temple.”
Elijah paused. For the first time, he smiled, and then said, “Jerusalem, Yona, is the eternal capital of Adonai and the people of Israel. The Temple as the first and the second Temple was to remind the people of Israel to be a holy nation, a kingdom of priests, and a light to the nations. Adonai chose and ordained Israel to be a biblical nation with a biblical mission, and to make Jerusalem the Godly focus of all the earth. Now, Israel is to prepare for the return of Jesus Christ, who will reign from Jerusalem. His presence will fill the temple as a light to the world. So yes, Yona, not only must the Dome be removed at all costs, but the Temple must be rebuilt, and immediately.”
“Elijah,” David said, “You know that Israel is a democracy and that I am not a dictator. Any movement of this type would have to be approved by the Knesset, then by the Judicial Courts, with final approval from the Chief Rabbinates. We all have to agree for this to take place. This is not the time of King David. We govern with laws that include checks and balances.”
Elijah responded, “Then I will tear it down myself. When I do, you will have no other choice than to rebuild it!” He stood and again with his palms flat on the table, leaned in and said, “It appears we have nothing more to discuss at this time so I am going to leave here and go to the Mount. There, I will tell the people of my plans and your enemies will hear me. They will attack you, but like in times past when Moses stood before the Pharaoh in Egypt, Adonai will protect the Israelites and destroy their enemies.”   
He then looked over at David as he straightened up.
“David, tell the Knesset and your judges that Adonai is now in charge of Israel and they will obey or I will make them wish they had. The time is close. The rebuilding of the Temple and your acceptance of Adonai’s son, Jesus Christ, needs to be accomplished quickly. Time is of the essence here. Your enemies are the entire world, and soon all of them will be at your doorstep to blame Israel for all its troubles. You will be occupied by many nations for a time once I leave here, like in the days of Herod. However, for now, I have little time to bring all the tribes of the Jews home and rebuild the Temple. I will not fail, for I and the other witness, Enoch, have Adonai’s and Jesus Christ’s power to ensure His desires.”
“But Elijah, is there no other way than to just start a war with our enemies? The Muslims will riot, and the world will turn against us if we destroy their Dome.”
“I told you, David. I will destroy it. All you have to do is rebuild the Temple. I know you have the plans, the material, and I know you and the people of Israel will do as Adonai commands. Now I must go to the Temple Mount where I will speak to the people and tell them what must be done.”
He then turned to the Rabbinates and said, “At this time, Yona and Benjamin Hagen, you must make a choice. You are the elected spiritual leaders of Israel and their religion, so make the choice. Either follow as I have instructed and come with me, or choose instead not to believe I am who I say I am. In addition, you need to resolve the Messiah issue. The only Messiah coming is Jesus Christ himself.”  
“Do we have to make the choice now, Elijah?” Benjamin asked.
“Yes it is time, for I need your support in front of the people. When I walk to the Mount, the world will see and hear. It needs to see that you are with me. However, as always with Yahweh, you have a choice. So what will it be?”
Neither Yona nor Benjamin replied.  
Elijah said, “I will be at the Temple Mount; I expect to see you both there soon.”  
























Chapter 37
10:50 AM Friday Bear News Affiliate Studios Kansas City, Missouri 
“John, you need to go on the desk for a special report. Our news affiliate in Israel said that Elijah is entering the Temple Mount and that he is getting ready to address the mob that is in the courtyard. We will have a live feed starting in about five minutes.” Don said.  
“Like I said the other day, Don, it will never end. These two Witnesses will be in the news every day,” John said as he moved to the anchor desk.  
“First off, what time is it in Israel?”
“Let’s see, add eight hours to our time, so 6:50 PM Israeli Daylight Time or IDT.”
“Ok, seems Elijah doesn’t let any grass grow under his feet. Do we know if he met with the Israeli Government?”
“Yes, for about a half-hour or so.”  
“Any comment from any of them?”
“Not yet, but I am sure very soon there will be!”
“Ok, Don, we’re ready. Do we want to give some history on the Temple Mount? As far as I can tell from some research I have been doing, the Jews are forbidden to pray there for they do not know where the Holy of Holies was located. In addition, Elijah’s presence may well spark some trouble. Let’s see, its 6:50 PM IST and that means that the Temple has been closed to non-Muslims as of 1:30 Thursday, which was yesterday.”
“Wing it, John. Do your best. We were not prepared for this. I will get a runner to print up some stuff on the Temple Mount for you. You can refer to it, as you need to. Are you ready to go live?”
“Yes, as much as I will ever be.” 
John thought that this just would not end. It just kept coming and coming. These two Witnesses had literally turned the world upside down.  
Don snapped his fingers in front of his face and said, “We are going live, John. Let’s get it together!”
John watched the digital countdown and endured the droning of ‘he never changes his tone,’ announcer as he said, “This is Bear News, broadcasting from Kansas City, Missouri, with breaking news from Israel. We will be going live to our affiliate in Israel for coverage on Elijah entering the Temple area.” The announcer then said, “For now, here is Bear News Anchor, John Roddenburg.”  
“Good day America and the world. We will be going to a live feed from the Temple Mount in Jerusalem in just a few minutes. Before we go live, I want to bring our viewers up to date on some details that explain why there are prohibitions of any Jew or Gentile to enter the Temple Mount. Therefore, if Elijah decides to enter the Temple Mount he will be breaking their laws in Israel.
“Currently, he or any Jew’s entry, goes against the agreements that were put in place by the Israeli government with Jordan and the Ministry of Awqaf, who are the custodians of the Dome of the Rock, a Muslim Shrine.”  
John was handed a paper, which he read, picking out the important parts. Thank goodness for their research people, for he did not know these facts. After about 30 seconds, he started paraphrasing the information as he read certain points from the page.  
“What we are telling you is non-Muslims or Gentiles are not allowed on the Mount after Thursday at 1:30 PM Israeli standard time, or Jews anytime. In addition, no Jews may walk on the Temple Mount area itself other than the ‘Wailing Wall.’ The reason for this is the fear of treading on the spot where the Holy of Holies is located. No one really knows where that was originally located. What all this means is that Elijah may be breaking the laws of Israel by appearing in the Temple Mount. Also, as you will see, his anticipated presence there is drawing thousands of Jews to see and hear what he does or says.”  
“As you can see on the screen behind, which is live from Israel, the checkpoint guards that usually keep the Jews away from the Temple Mount appear to have totally given up and are just standing there doing nothing. The people are surrounding the entrance as far as the eye can see in anticipation of Elijah addressing the people of Israel for the first time.”  
Don then handed John another piece of paper. After reading it, John said, “We are now going to go live to our affiliate in Israel. Please note that they usually broadcast in Hebrew. However, if that is the case, we will use subtitles for our English speaking viewers; and please understand there is always a brief pause as it is interpreted and entered on our screen.”  
The broadcast from Bear then cut to the reporters in Israel live at the Temple. The announcer in Israel was saying, “…Elijah is now walking with a crowd surrounding him down towards the Western Wall entrance to the Dome of the Rock area. It looks like a platform has been set up outside the gate. There is also a sound system that has been set up for him.” The camera focused on the small platform that had a bank of microphones on it.  
The reporter continued, “There seem to be over two to three thousand people here, Rabbis, Jews, and people from all over. The entire city seems to be here.” The announcer then turned to his co-anchor and said, “John, Elijah is coming up to the checkpoint where the guards are and he doesn’t seem concerned that they are there.”
“Well, it’s Elijah. He can go where he wants, I suppose, and I doubt if anyone here is planning to stop him. Look, he is going up on the temporary platform that was erected in front of the entrance. No, wait, he is going over to a sign at the entrance. I think it is the one that says ‘Entrance is prohibited to the Temple Mount by Jews,’ which was put there by the Chief Rabbinates.” 
“Yes, he is there at the sign; standing in front of it. He is just standing there staring, not moving, not doing anything. Ok wait; he has said something to a young man near him.”  
“I wonder what he said to him?” Benjamin asked.
“I don’t know, Benjamin, but as you can see, the young man is speaking to another. Well, now the young man is leaving, running down the street weaving between the crowds towards some parked cars. See if we can zoom in on him.”  
The screen then split between the image of Elijah standing there, and the man running down the street.  
“Yes, we can see him. He is opening the trunk of one of the cars. He appears to be looking for something. He has something in his hands. It looks like…it’s a tool kit of some sort I think.” 
“Do you think Elijah sent him to get it to destroy the sign from the entrance?”
“It sure looks like it. As you can see, he is running back towards Elijah and the crowd is separating to allow him access.”  
“Well, we may be right, for he is handing the tool kit to Elijah, and Elijah is speaking to him again. The young man is taking out a wrench and working on the back of the sign. I guess you are right; they are taking down the sign from the entrance.” 
“The Israeli Government is not going to take this lightly. That is a criminal offense. I am surprised that the guards and the Israeli police are just standing there watching, John.”  
They waited a few minutes while the stranger and Elijah worked on the sign. After a few moments, John said, “Look, Benjamin, they have the sign removed and Elijah is going up to the platform where the microphones are. Let us listen in. We have a direct feed from there.”
Elijah walked up to the platform. With the help of a few others, he carried the sign in his hands. As he walked up to the microphone, they held up the sign. He stated speaking, “This sign says that Jews are not allowed in this area of the Temple. This sign has now been removed, and so have the lies told by the governments who do not know the will of Adonai.”  
The crowd started cheering.  
He then dropped the sign in front of him and deliberately placed both of his feet on the sign and stood on it. Then, looking around the crowd and then towards the guards at the gate, he said to them, “If one of you would like to take this sign and put it back you will have to remove me first. Actually, I want any of you not of the Jewish or Christian faith to remove yourselves from the entrance and go to your homes. If you do not do so in less than sixty seconds, your bodies will give out on you and you will die in the exact spot you are standing.”  
He continued as if in a rage, “You will leave this area, and you will not return. If you return, you will surely die for this is holy ground and this is the ground deemed holy by the almighty ruler of the universe, Adonai, the God of Abraham. Your presence sickens me and you are to leave.”  
The Islamic guards just looked at Elijah then looked back to their commander. Eventually, several of them started to leave, passing among the thousands of cheering Jews crowding the platform on which Elijah was standing.  
After most of the guards had left, Elijah quieted down the crowd. Looking at who appeared to be the leader of the guards, he said, “Are you leaving as the rest of your group have or are you going to stay there and die. Can you feel the discomfort in your chest; can you feel the pain in your body? All you have to do is walk from here and the pain will cease.”  
The supervisor was grasping his chest, almost bent over; then he too, like the others, started walking from the gate. As he walked away, he stood more erect; and the further he walked away from the entrance the more quickly he moved, until he was eventually running away from the area.  
Elijah turned to the masses assembled then and said to them, “Is there any among you who wish to replace this sign I am standing on? I see people other than those of the Jewish faith among you; would any of you like to try?”  
Elijah’s eyes bored into the crowd seeking out anyone who might try to stop what he was doing. Not one person moved; no one spoke. All was quiet. Elijah then turned toward the Dome of the Rock lifting his head to the Mount, he shouted, “You there on Adonai’s holy ground, you have one hour and one hour only to remove yourselves from the Mount. Once you leave, you are not to return; today, tomorrow or ever!” 
He waited to see if he received any response from the top, but after a few moments, there was still no reply. He again shouted, “I know you can hear me, for the whole world can hear me. I will not leave here until you have removed yourselves from our holy ground. Your time on the Mount has ended and no one mortal can help you now, for Adonai has made His decision!” 
As he was shouting to the people on the Mount, in the background you could hear the sirens in the distance coming closer to the entrance. Then Ben said, “Here comes the Israeli Police, John, and as best as we can see from here, there are also some carriers with military personnel. I wonder what Elijah is going to do now.”  
“I don’t know, Benjamin, but he is not budging. He appears to just be watching their approach.”  
The crowd separated as the first police car pulled up near the entrance, a uniformed officer exited the car with a megaphone and said to the crowd, “You must leave this area immediately or face arrest. The military is also here to assist us, and those who do not leave will be arrested and detained indefinitely.”
Elijah listened to what the officer said as he repeated it a few times. He then shouted down to the police officer, “You are on Adonai’s holy ground. You have no authority here, and you must leave immediately.” 
The officer looked up at him and said through his megaphone, “This is Israeli soil. You will instruct your followers to do as I say.”  
“I repeat, sir,” said Elijah, “This is not Israeli property. This property belongs to the one God, Adonai. Your presence here is not wanted or needed.”
The officer then motioned to two of his officers to move forward. It appeared they had instructions to remove or arrest Elijah.  
Elijah, still on the platform standing on the sign, stood staring at them. The one officer then moved around to the back of where Elijah was standing. As he approached the back of the platform, Elijah turned and pointed a hand at him. A loud sound could be heard, and the man was stunned. What appeared as a bolt of lightning or a fireball struck right in front of him. The shock literally blew him back over a distance of twenty to thirty feet from the rear of the platform.  
Elijah then turned to the man with the megaphone and said, “Take your soldiers and remove yourselves from Adonai’s ground or I will call upon the power of Adonai Himself and strike you dead in the exact place you are in. While you still have the chance, go and save yourselves; and do not enter this area again.”  
The police officer then retreated, walking backwards towards his car. Once he got there and opened his door, he stood with a microphone in one hand, while gesturing with the other. He was talking on his radio to someone. He then replaced the microphone in the car. Then, he used hand signals to alert the other officers to retreat from the area. Two of them picked up their fallen officer who appeared to be alive but shaken up, and carried him to one of the police vehicles. The rest followed suit and the carriers loaded back up with the military personnel and started driving away. As they drove away the crowd started cheering and threw whatever they had at the retreating vehicles.   
When the vehicles were no longer in sight the crowd then turned back towards Elijah who then said to them, “This is our holy ground. In a few days, the temple that stands on it will be destroyed and the Temple of our ancestors will be rebuilt. Sacrifices to Adonai will be resumed, as well it should be. The Ark of the Covenant will be returned to its rightful place in the Temple. I will not leave here till every gentile is removed from this ground and the Israeli government begins the building of the Temple!”
The crowd started cheering again. 
He turned again to face the Dome and again shouted, “I am waiting for you to remove yourselves from the Temple. Adonai and I are becoming inpatient. You have little time to save your relics from your shrine, and I see no one moving up there, just staring down upon us assembled here.”  
Then Elijah pointed towards the ground at the base of the walls and held his hand pointed in that direction. His hand did not waver and although no one could hear what he was saying, it was clear that he was speaking to himself. He continued his monologue for a few moments, and then he stopped. 
Immediately after he stopped, the ground around the Temple started shaking, not violently, but steadily shaking. The crowd was running away from the Temple entrance while Elijah stood there with his hand pointed at the entrance towards the dome. Then the walls in that area fell to the ground. It was only a small section, maybe ten feet in both directions. He then put his hand back to his side then shouted again towards the people on the area of the Dome of the Rock.  
“Feel the power of Adonai, you trespassers on Adonai’s holy place on earth. You are on holy land and you must remove yourselves before I destroy each one of you and your kindred. I command you to leave.”
He then turned towards the crowd and said, “Go to your homes. In a very short time, this area will be a war zone and I do not want or need you here. Go to your homes and pray to Adonai to save you and your family from our enemies who are about to attack us. Fear not, for I will protect you; but leave immediately. I will be right here and I will not leave here until the gentiles leave our holy ground.” 
Elijah walked to the entrance to the wooden bridge, which was the entrance to the Dome of the Rock and crossed it; and for the first time in almost nineteen hundred years, a man of Adonai or a prophet entered the Temple grounds. Then, within view of all, he sat upon the ground, his back towards the walls of the Temple, and stared at the entrance. He just sat there, not moving nor speaking.  
After a few minutes, John, coming back to reality, said, “Did you see what he did?” He caused a small earthquake which destroyed part of the walls at the public entrance.”
“I saw that, John,” Ben replied. “Now it appears that he is just sitting there, waiting for something; what, I don’t know. But I do want to know what he meant when he said the enemies of Israel would be attacking?”  
“I don’t know; but look, it’s starting to rain again, and he is just sitting there in the rain.”  
“I know, Benjamin; but it appears he is not moving for now.”
John Roddenburg of Bear news then cut back in. As the cameras zoomed in on the anchor desk,
John said, “It appears that Elijah has challenged the Arab world and the Muslims of the world today. I am afraid they may rise to Elijah’s challenge. We will be right back with more coverage in Jerusalem and all over the world.”  
When they cut for commercials, John said to Don, his producer, “We now wait and see what happens; for I fear that an all-out war is about to take place in Israel.”
Chapter 38
10:55 AM Friday Waldger meeting at Center City Convention Center, Kansas City, Missouri
Aafre had originally planned to have a break following Doctor Ottenberg’s presentation. David handed him a note that said the news networks were tuning in live to Israel. Elijah was entering the Temple Mount area, which was forbidden to the Jews.  
Aafre replied, “Matthew please switch the screen to Bear News so we can see what is occurring in Israel at the moment. It may be important.”  
Aafre then gave a summary of what he had read as the broadcast came up on the screen. He told them they would resume later.  
They had just finished watching the broadcast on the large screen and Bear News had cut to commercial. Aafre stood and walked to the podium He said, “Due to the situation we have just witnessed, I suggest that we adjourn till around 2:00 PM this afternoon so that the leaders of the world who are here can address this crisis. We will notify you a half hour or so before as to when we will reassemble here.” 
“However, before we go, let me say this to you. I have no doubt that someone in the Muslim world, especially in the Middle East, is about to do something radical. Several of the representatives here need to speak with their diplomatic departments to head off what seems to be a declaration of war by the Witness Elijah, in Israel.”  
Aafre then walked from the podium, and stopping by the table where David was sitting and said, “David, get the leaders of the US, Russia, Germany, Britain and France to my suite as soon as you can arrange it. Tell them they can use the secure communications equipment in my suite to contact their people. Hurry, we do not have much time.” 
David stood and started walking in the direction of the Russian Ambassador, when it dawned on him; President Stevenson was not in attendance at the meeting today.  
Chapter 39
7:00 PM Friday Military Headquarters Israeli High Command, Jerusalem Israeli 
Shlomo Mendel, Minister of Defense was speaking on the phone to Meyer Branlin, director of Mossad. 
“Well he has gone and done it now. What kind of feedback are we getting from our informants on what this Elijah said?” asked Shlomo.  
“Well, as best as we can ascertain, the President of Iran has gone into a closed session with his leaders, and has spoken by conference call to the leaders of Hamas, here in the West Bank.” 
“We have a communication here,” Shlomo said, “that Jordan, who you know maintains the Dome of the Rock, has called for the removal and arrest of Elijah. They are claiming that he is a false prophet and that we should arrest and prosecute him. The Syrians are waking up and getting on the bandwagon, along with the ISIS people. We have not heard any comments yet from either the Egyptians or the Arabs. The rains may still have them occupied. Any chance of missile or rocket strikes in the next few hours, especially from Hamas?” 
“Well, if that does occur, it will come from Iran, more than likely. We may get a few protest rockets from Hamas, but they do not have anything of strength to attack us with that we cannot repel. Also, the Iron Dome takes care of most of their incoming rockets.”  
“So Iran is the one we need to be concerned with then?”  
“Yes, that would be my best guess. If I were you, Shlomo, I would get us ready for a counterstrike. I think that the Iranians are crazy enough to try to attack us with at least a couple of missiles. This Elijah has everyone stirred up; yet the Prime Minister has told the police and military to stand down and leave him alone. That is just provoking our enemies, for they see Israel supporting him.”   
“I agree with you about the Elijah issue; but I can’t do anything about David. However, I will notify the Prime Minister of our concerns and our intent. In the meantime, I will do as you have suggested and keep the IDF on red alert. I, like you, expect something from somebody. They will not let this one go without some sort of response.”
“Great, I know you will do what is best. We will keep our ears to the ground and shake down a few people to see if we can get some more information. If I hear something I will notify you immediately.” I will only call you on the secure line for now, so please be nearby.”
 “One other item, Director.”  
“Yes?”
“I know you don’t like this Elijah business; but keep a cool head till we find out what he is doing and who he really is. I am sure you saw the news coverage when he blew the officer twenty feet back with a bolt of lightning and then the small earthquake. You may have noticed that he had nothing in his hands.”  
“I saw it, Shlomo; but I still don’t believe he is who he says he is. For now, I will adhere to your wishes; but only for now.”   

Chapter 40 
11:20 Friday Aafre Waldger’s Suite, Center City Plaza, Kansas City, Missouri 
Assembled in Aafre’s suite were Ambassador of Russia to the US, Nestor Siyasinov, U.S. President, Richard Stevenson, German Chancellor, George Schmitt, England’s Prime Minister, Richard Weingart, and French President, Jean Michel Lefevre. David was there to be a runner of sorts.  
Stevenson had been on the phone for the past few minutes to his Secretary of State, Bill Krasner. The ambassador from Russia appeared to be speaking to Svorad Zefirov, Prime Minister of the Russian Federation in Moscow. The German Chancellor, Prime Minister of England, and French president were in an animated discussion.  
Aafre had asked them to see what steps were being taken in regards to the situation in Israel and the crisis involving the Dome of the Rock and Elijah. He was patiently waiting for the men to rejoin him.  
Upon Aafre’s request, David had called the office in Brussels to send some secure documents that he needed, via email. David assumed they had something to do with the crisis at hand; but they were a numbered request instead of a title. They had just arrived over the secure network and he had sent it to a printer in Aafre’s temporary office there in the suite. 
Aafre asked, “Do we have what I requested, David?”  
He answered, “Yes, they are still printing. I will see if they are done and go get them.”   
As David left to go retrieve the papers, he noticed that Stevenson had finished with his call and the Russian Ambassador, Nestor Siyasinov, was finishing up.  
Stevenson then turned to Aafre and said, “At this time all we know is there is some saber rattling but nothing concrete from any of the Middle Eastern countries. However, it appears that the President of Iran is in a closed session, so we do not know the subject or the results of that meeting. Maybe our Russian counterpart,” referring to the Russian ambassador, “can help us with this.”  
About that time, Nestor hung up the phone and looked over at Aafre, “The Iranians have contacted us requesting permission to strike Israel with a warning missile, preferably in Jerusalem. They asked permission, as you well know, because for now we are their only ally. They are on strict instructions not to rattle the cages in the Middle-East too much without us knowing about it, or agreeing to it.”  
“So what have you told them?” Aafre asked. 
“Nothing yet. As of now they are waiting for us to let them do it or not.” 
“How about any other countries in the area; do you have anything specific?” 
“No, nothing but saber rattling, as we all call it. Iran seems to be the only one that wants to risk it. As you know, their President wants to be the Arab World’s hero or something. In addition, I do not think he takes Elijah’s threat seriously, that whoever attacks Israeli will regret it. I mentioned that to them and they said it was all, how do you say it in America, ‘Hocus Pocus.’”  
Jean Michel then said, “Well, regardless of what Iran does, in France, the Sunni are rioting in the streets. We have substantial Muslim populations and they are not happy. We are going to have to bring out the riot police soon for they are being riled up by their leaders.”
“I have the same issues, Jean Michel,” George said. “The Neo- Nazis are out in force. It did not take long at all.” 
Richard added, “The caliphs of the Ahmadiyya Islamic sect are out in full force in the United Kingdom. At the moment it is peaceful, but they are making their presence known.”  
Aafre then turned to Stevenson and asked, “And what do you think, Mr. President?”  
“Well, I surely hope that the Russians don’t give their stamp of approval for attacking Israel over this issue. There may be other ways to deal with this situation other than missiles. I mean, who is this Elijah person anyway, that he can cause a world crisis? Why even take it seriously? Attacking Israel may start an all-out war over there and we do not need that now. We have enough on our hands with the mess in my country. A war between Israel and Iran would not even make sense. In addition, no matter what, I guarantee you that Israel will counterstrike and level Tehran. As far as I am concerned, the Dome of the Rock is an issue that is not going to be resolved anytime soon, in any event. As far as rioting in France, England, and Germany, along with the Middle Eastern countries; we all deal with that almost on a daily basis.”  
“You may be wrong about that, Stevenson,” Aafre said, using his last name instead of his title of President; which is how Aafre addressed others when he did not like what was being said. “I think we should let them attack Israel. Maybe one of their missiles might be a little off target and they blow up the Dome themselves. That way Elijah and this other witness will get what they want and the Muslims can only blame Iran. The Muslims will be so angry with them it may even stop their interference in Iraq and Gaza, for the time being. You are always complaining about that. Good business, I think.” 
As he listened to what Aafre was saying, Stevenson thought about how the other man was acting as if the conversation earlier that day had not taken place. Therefore, he decided to do the same. He replied, “What are you saying Aafre? I am hearing something from you that is shocking and something that I totally disagree with. Are you telling the Russians to allow their allies to attack Israel? Is that what you are saying? Are you in hopes that a missile hits the Dome or will you force a missile to hit the Dome then blame it on the Iranians? This makes absolutely no sense to me.”  
Aafre then addressed the others, “Could you give us a minute, privately?” 
“Yes,” they all replied, as each one rose to leave. 
As soon as they left, Aafre addressed the President, “Stevenson, right now you have no say whatsoever about whether or not we allow it to happen. In this situation, America will not interfere with my plans with either the Russians or the Iranians.”  
“You must be mad, Aafre,” Stevenson said. “Attacking Israel will cause all-out war in the Middle East. You know it, I know it, we all know it.” 
“Yes, under normal circumstances you would be right, Stevenson. Yes, your country supports Israel while the Russians support Iran. Then maybe that means the US and Russia go to war over this once again, under normal circumstances. However, these are not, I repeat, not normal circumstances. There will be no war, no threats, and no sanctions. The United States will not interfere with this decision. Stevenson, on this one the US will back down and you will not, under any circumstances, interfere with this.”
“And if I don’t, Aafre, what will you do? We have more than enough firepower in the area to discourage the Iranians from doing anything. All it takes is a statement to the worldwide press that if they move we will retaliate.”  
Aafre sat, not saying anything, then raising his head to speak, he said in a tone that few on earth ever wanted to hear, “Wrong thing to say, Stevenson,” looking deeply into Stevenson’s eyes. “Very much the wrong thing to say. I think you know who we are, and I think you know your position, and if I were you, I would be more cooperative in this matter. We have already discussed your future. I also think you are well aware of my power. Need I say more?” 
Stevenson sat there looking at Aafre then suddenly realized that he had no recourse for him as others had sold out to him a long time ago. Stevenson, like many other leaders in the world, had no say about much of anything anymore. He was the puppet and Aafre held the strings. Finally, he said, “Ok Aafre, you win; what would you like for me to do?”    
“Nothing…we know Elijah will be using his God’s power to destroy the Dome. I have the documents right here.”  
He continued, “David, hand me those documents in your hand.” He looked at them and smiled. They were the documents Meyer had given him. They had cracked the code it was transcribed in. He then said, “See Stevenson, God put his instructions to Enoch and Elijah in writing!”
Chapter 41 
7:20 PM Friday The Temple Mount Entrance to The Dome of the Rock 
As he sat in the rain, Elijah noticed that it was becoming dusk earlier than normal, due to the rain and cloud cover. There were twenty-four more days of rain in the area. However, Israel was not getting what most of Northern Africa was getting, so the rain was light here. It did not bother him much for so much of his time on earth had always been spent outdoors or in caves. So much for being a Prophet of Adonai, he thought. The comforts of a boardroom or a castle were not the areas in which prophets lived and worked. That was not the way Adonai worked. Prophets were poor and lived among the people; so a little rain would not hurt. At, the moment, the rain felt refreshing for it was almost summer. If it were not raining then it would have been very hot.  
Elijah glanced at the sky, and then around the entrance to the Temple Mount. There were a few hangers-on watching him, but that was about all. Most were rabbis and some that he assumed were Palestinians and a few news people. The initial excitement was over and the rain was keeping people away.  
The platform with the sound system had lighting added to it. While he had been sitting there, he noticed that technicians had added more sound equipment and microphones. They assumed that if he had something to say, he would go to the microphones. They were right. The news media on earth was very tenacious; for they would just sit and wait hoping for a story. Well, before the night was over, they would have one. Like all the other stories this week, it would be another shock to the world. 
He turned his head and stared at the Dome of the Rock. It had been there since the fourth century, over sixteen hundred years. The original builders had actually designed it after a Christian building called the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, in 451 AD. Its occupation over the years included the crusaders, Masons, and Knights Templar. In 1187, it was again under Muslim control and the cross on top of the Dome was replaced by a crescent. It had originally been used as a resting place for Muslims and a shrine for pilgrims, not as a Mosque. In 1927, it had nearly been destroyed by an earthquake but was later repaired. The Jews themselves captured it during the 6-day war of 1967. In order to keep peace, the leader of the Israelis, Moshe Dayan gave control of the Dome to the Muslim Waqf. The Iranians had also sanctified the Dome of the Rock in their paper money.
The Rabbinates in Israel wanted to prohibit Jews from entering the Temple Mount for they did not know the exact location of the Holy of Holies in the Temple. Only high priests were allowed in the holy of Holies. Well, once this portion of his mission was completed, he would show the rabbinates where the exact location was and then they could rebuild the Temple around it.  
Elijah glanced at the sky again, looking for the first sign that the enemies of Israel were about to attack Israel. Nothing yet that he could see or hear.   
What he had done today would be considered degrading by many in the Muslim world. Today’s actions would be more than enough to start the Arab world rattling their sabers, as they had done since he could remember, more often than not, against the Jews; especially the hotheads or certain countries, all out to either become martyrs or be famous.  
His thoughts went back to the time, almost three thousand years ago, when he was on this same ground and was fighting Jezebel and her people over the reality of Adonai or the god, Baal. The world was still the same as it was then, only more modern now; the attitudes of leaders, their ever-changing beliefs, causing constant warring between the religions and the races. Those were worthless activities as men tried to enslave each other. Moreover, even after Christ’s message, many totally disregarded the true God and instead, worshipped Lucifer and his Followers.  
He knew Lucifer from almost the beginning. The sinful act with Adam and Eve resulted in Lucifer’s expulsion from heaven. When Adonai left the earth, he banned Lucifer from returning to heaven. Adonai told him he could no longer obtain the heavens and that he was to be here on the earth forever.  
Well, Lucifer thought he could become as powerful as Adonai himself. That was not to be. Still, after thousands of years, he was still here on earth. He was still powerless, and he had made a mess of the human race.  
As Adonai had predicted, Lucifer would try to battle Him once more. You would think he would have given up and asked Adonai to come straighten all this up. No, he could not do that, for he was Lucifer, once the most powerful person in Adonai’s council but now leader of the earth and Adonai’s enemy.  
Well, he would find out differently very soon; for Adonai knew his plans and Adonai would make sure he failed, yet again. Lucifer had tried so many times to destroy Adonai. In the garden, the time in Egypt, the tower he had tried to build, and so on. Well, all this would soon come to an end. Then Lucifer would be bound and the earth would return to how it had been at the time of Adam and Eve in the garden. Then Adonai’s creation of humanity would finally live in peace and with Adonai, and rule the universe, as was the original intention for man.  
Adonai’s realm was not just earth but also the entire universe. Earth was not unique and there were many places that were as beautiful, if not more so, than earth. The ones who truly believed in Adonai and Jesus would inherit this universe and travel freely among the universes. They would be able to see things that would make the Grand Canyon on earth look small in comparison. He himself had seen wonders that were impossible to describe. However, when everything during this period was finished, very few would probably inherit the promise. Until then, he had a job to do. It was the job he had promised that he would do and would faithfully carry out. Lucifer and his earthly followers would regret the day they took on their Adonai.  
Elijah’s thoughts then turned to Enoch, the other Witness. Adonai was sometimes so strange in the way he did things. Adonai had chosen Enoch to be reborn and live among the world until the appointed time. Like Adam before him, Adonai had put him into a deep sleep and created an embryo, which was then placed into an earthly woman’s womb. He had agreed to this and felt this time he would carry through unlike before.  
He was placed in America with a lower middle class family. His life as a child was difficult but not overbearing. After almost 60 years, somehow, Enoch had managed on his own, to understand Adonai and love him with all his heart. Then as a human and not knowing who he really was, he had voluntarily taken the assignment to be Adonai’s witness in the last days. He did so even knowing he would die at the end of three and a half years.  
Adonai had had some difficulty with Enoch in the past; for it was Enoch who had helped the fallen angels that were not allowed into the confines of Adonai’s holy ground. They had asked Enoch to help them. He had agreed and carried their petition to Adonai, which Lucifer himself had argued. Why Enoch had agreed to do this, Elijah would never know. He even argued for their pardon for being with the human women.  
Adonai had said no and instructed him how to handle the fallen ones. Enoch had then carried out His command. If he had not done so, then Adonai would have turned Enoch himself away. Elijah had always felt that it was Enoch’s passion that caused him to find favor in Adonai. That was why he had been forgiven.  
Therefore, this time Adonai was giving Enoch another chance not to be lured into the web of Lucifer and his fallen angels. Now he, like Enoch, was here one last time to preach the word, to battle the fallen ones and their followers, and turn as many as possible to Jesus and Adonai. 
Last night during his sermon in Kansas City, Enoch had finally acted like the Enoch he knew. In the cave, Elijah knew that Enoch still thought of himself as Jack South, and his subconscious had yet to take hold. Elijah of course knew that he was not Jack South and never had been. Elijah knew that he was reborn and that, like him, he had lived in Heaven with Adonai, Jesus, Moses and many other prophets.  
Elijah had wanted to tell him that day in the cave what had really happened to awake his conscience. However, he had agreed with Adonai that they would let Enoch prove he was able to battle Lucifer on his own; not petition for amnesty for Lucifer and his followers again and do what needed to be accomplished. It was up to Enoch to do so. He hoped that Enoch would remember someday that it was he who had predicted the flood, it was he who bound several of Lucifer’s followers, it was he who had been Lucifer’s friend. He had tried so hard to make peace between Adonai and the fallen.
However, it was up to Enoch to figure out who he was.  
Elijah looked again to the sky, waiting for the weapons of war to start. They would soon. When they did, he would use the powers given to him by Adonai to destroy this area and prepare the Jews for their Messiah, which was Jesus. The Jews did not believe in Jesus; but many would very soon. It was time to rebuild the Temple. He knew Lucifer would help to ensure that it was built. Lucifer knew the prophecies too.  
Chapter 42
12:15 PM Friday Enoch’s suite Center City Plaza, Kansas City Missouri 
The President’s secretary had called Enoch to tell him that there was a delay. President Stevenson was in an emergency meeting with Aafre. She then asked if he would be available later. He told her that he would be. 
Enoch had watched the Bear News’ coverage of the events of the day, including the Popes death, which he had expected; and of course, there was the coverage on Elijah in Israel. As he had promised last night in his threats, he wasted no time in forcing the world’s hand regarding the Temple in Jerusalem. However, Enoch was not sure why he was just sitting at the entrance of the Dome of the Rock in the rain. The broadcast had gone back to their affiliate a few minutes ago and Elijah was still sitting in the same spot. It was raining there, but he just sat there not moving. The broadcast had a camera on him and it was in one of those little boxes on the upper right hand of the TV. That way they could continue broadcasting other news yet keep watch on what he was doing.  
Enoch had called Thomas to see if he could get him some more vestments. He had also asked him for sandals that would be comfortable. For some reason, considering how much he had resisted wearing a vestment, he had this nagging desire to not only wear the vestment but also grow a beard and let his hair grow. He really wanted sandals.  
There was something nagging him. Last night while he slept, he had had visions of being in a different world; a world where most people were farmers or shepherds, not city dwellers. Everyone was dressed in robes of some sort and the earth itself was restless. The earth was as if it shook all the time. Smoke came from the tops of the mountains. It was different from any experience he had ever had before. The difference was the smell in the air. It smelled so clear, not polluted; but then he had woken up. He was not able to enjoy the smell of the air in his dream.
He had fallen asleep and began to dream again. He was in a grassy clearing speaking with some men about God. They were trying to convince him to do something for them and take it to God. He could not understand what they were saying, though. It was like mumbo jumbo; but then he woke again and he could not recall all the details of the dream. 
Enoch gave up trying to sleep, made some coffee; and against the rules of the hotel, smoked a cigarette in the room. As he enjoyed his smoke and coffee, he surfed the internet, reading the news, of which he was a big part. He then searched for the keyword “Enoch” on Google. There were many hits. Then he saw a line that said the Book of Enoch. He had read it before some time ago in a Bible class he was attending at the time. He opened it on the web page reader and started to read it again.     
As he read it, he was not sure if it was because he was reading it for the second time; but he seemed to know every word and exactly what it meant. It was almost as if he had written it and was reading it to proof it. However, he had not written it and could not understand why it seemed as if he had.  
He was trying to remember what Elijah had said in the cave just a few days ago; but that seemed almost ages ago. He had said he was Enoch. For some reason or other, in the back of his mind, he knew he was Enoch; but he knew and remembered being a child growing up. Therefore, if that were true, he could not be Enoch, himself. Then as his mind wandered, he remembered the Maharaja from India who asked him about reincarnation during the interview at Bear News on Monday. He then looked up reincarnation on the internet to see if there was any connection to the Bible, or situations in the Bible, which dealt with this subject.  
The one area was that Jesus had said that John the Baptist was the reincarnation of Elijah, in Matthew 11:7-14. The next time he saw Elijah he would ask him, for there was something nagging at him about this subject. He could not get it out of his head or shake it off.  
Enoch sat watching news on TV, as he thought about all the things that were troubling him. Once again, they showed Elijah sitting in the rain at the entrance of the Temple Mount. He stared at the picture on the screen and wondered if Elijah was sitting there like he was here, possibly thinking about what they were doing, and what their purpose was. He was still not one-hundred percent sure of what he was to do on a daily basis; until last night in front of all those people. he had finally felt the full power of God inside of him. He knew his voice had changed, and for a moment, he felt like he was someone other than himself. 
The phone rang. He answered it. It was the President’s assistant. She wanted to know if now was a good time. “Yes, I will be right up,” Enoch replied. 






















Chapter 43
9:45 PM Friday Tehran, Iran Supreme Leader’s Palace
“Ayatollah Shahin, we have been given an OK by the Russians to attack Israel as well as assurances that the Americans will not interfere this time. Therefore, I think we need to do so immediately; if nothing else, a token strike that will hurt them,” President Mauvad Shasahvar said.  
“Minister Abbas, what do you think we should do?” Ayatollah Shahin asked. “As Defense Minister, do you think we could survive an attack by Israel? And how do we know they will not use nuclear weapons against us?”  
“Well you can rest assured they will attack us but most likely it will be quick and swift but not nuclear. They need permission to use them from the Americans. Most likely, though, in a very short time, we can renegotiate a temporary peace through the Russians. They will then stand down. The damage will not be terminal but it will destroy many of our people and some of our infrastructure. They are likely going to go for our nuclear research facilities.”  
The President said, “That is what I would do if it was me. I would target the nuclear facilities. However, I think that if we want the Arab world and the Muslims of the world to stand behind us against Israel then now is a great time to strike. We have ample reason to do so. Many will praise us for our actions. We have an opportunity to become the leader in the Arab and Muslim worlds against the Zionists.”
“President Mauvad,” the Ayatollah Shahin began “Is the Dome worth saving other than face? It is not as if they are threatening Mecca. It was theirs to begin with.”  
“No, it’s not the Dome, it’s the principle. We have threatened and threatened and the Arab world expects us to do something. Words mean nothing, missiles do. I vote we attack them and attack them now.”  
Turning to Defense Minister Abbas, the Ayatollah asked, “What areas would we target in Israel?”  
“We will target their government buildings in Jerusalem and then one of their bases; maybe three missiles total. As soon as they hit us back, we will then open up diplomatic channels to minimize the damage to our country. In other words, this is not a war but a statement.”  
“What if they counterattack us, hard? I mean an all-out attack Abbas, and then what will we do?”  
“In that event, we will do as we always said we would do. Hit them with all we have. However based on past actions I doubt if it will escalate to that level. The Israelis do not want a full scale war either.” 
“Do you really want to do this then, President Mauvad?” the Ayatollah asked. 
“Yes I do, Ayatollah Shahin, yes I do.”  
Chapter 44
12:30 PM Friday President Stevenson’s Suite, Center City Plaza, Kansas City Missouri
As Enoch stepped off the elevator on the 24th floor he was immediately greeted by what he assumed was the Secret Service. They asked who he was even though they knew who he was. He was then patted down, and then they checked for weapons by a wand. Once they had finished, the taller of the two asked him to follow him. 
They walked down the hallway to a double door at which the agent knocked. A duplicate copy of Enoch’s escort opened the door and ushered him in.  
He was asked to take a seat on the couch, which he did. The agent then offered to get him some coffee, juice, or a drink of any type. He politely relied, “No, I am fine.”
He was told that President Stevenson would be out shortly. They then took positions by the front door, hands crossed in front of them.  
In less than a couple of minutes, President Stevenson walked out of what appeared to be one of the bedrooms. As he walked towards Enoch, the Prophet stood and put out his hand. The President shook it. 
“Thank you for coming here, Enoch. I was not sure you would accept my invitation.”
Still standing and looking at the President, Enoch noted very quickly that he seemed very, very stressed. He was normally confident and in control; but right now, he looked a bit haggard…almost a defeated man. Not saying anything about his observations Enoch said, “Well, you are the President of the United States.” 
He laughed, then replied, “Please sit down; we need to talk.” 
Stevenson looked over at the agents and dismissed them saying he would be fine here with the Prophet. They went out the front door.  
After the agents left both men sat down, Enoch on the couch and the President on the love seat across from him. 
“First off Enoch, this meeting I asked for was not sanctioned by anyone other than me. No one in Aafre’s organization is aware of us meeting together today. I know however, that they will find out about it, eventually. With that said, I wanted to ask you some questions; some along the lines of why you are hurting this country and other similar things.” 
Stevenson looked down at his shoes as he finished speaking, appearing to be looking for the right words he really wanted to say.  
Without waiting for him to continue, Enoch replied, “Mr. President, let me guess why you have had me come up here on such an impromptu basis. It was not to discuss my prophecies or predictions was it?” 
“No, Enoch, that was not it,” Stevenson said, still looking at his shoes.  
“Well then, let me help you; for I know what is happening right now in your life. Sometime today or very recently, your handlers told you that you were…uh, no longer needed. Is that somewhat correct?”  
“Yes, but… how could you possibly know this?” 
“It was not hard to figure out. You are, at this point in time, the absolute wrong person at the wrong time. Let me put it this way…there is…,” putting emphasis on the ‘is,’ “someone else meant to be in your position during this period; not you. Unfortunately or fortunately for you, God pushed up the timetable, and your handlers missed the mark. Am I close?” 
“Yes you are, but…” Stevenson was at a loss for words. How could Enoch be aware of this? It made no sense. He himself had just found out a few hours ago. How did this Witness or whatever he was, know this?  
Seeing the perplexed look on Stevenson’s face, Enoch decided to let him know why he knew what he knew. He said, “Mr. President I realize that right now you are somewhat concerned because I know of your dilemma without you telling me. But let me assure you it is not that I can read your mind but more so that I know who the participants are to be in this last time of man’s rule.” 
Enoch paused, letting him ponder on what he had just told him. He continued, “And for you, that may well be a very good thing; not only for you but also your family.” He stopped again and watched Stevenson to see what his reaction would be. After a few moments and Stevenson not responding, he decided he would try something else.  
“Mr. President, I have seen you as leader of the United States attend church on a regular basis. So, do you attend for political reasons or do you have faith and believe in God and His son, Jesus Christ.” 
Enoch waited for an answer.  
After his last statement, Stevenson realized that Enoch was purposely putting him on the spot. By answering this truthfully, Aafre would hear of it and who knew what he might do. Resignation then may not be enough. Aafre might well take the same road with him as he had done with Ken Giles. He raised his head and looked at Enoch. He was patiently waiting for an answer. Stevenson finally reached a decision. 
“Yes.” 
As soon as he said it, he again focused on the floor. Now he had written his own death sentence he thought to himself. Enoch then stood and walked over to him. He placed his hand on Stevenson’s head and started praying to God for his soul. He stood there for about five minutes praying, and then slowly, Stevenson raised his head as Enoch removed his hand. With Enoch, still standing in front of him tears began to well up in his eyes. 
“What do I do, Enoch, what do I do?” 
Enoch moved back from him and sat back down on the couch. Finally he spoke, “Mr. President, you need to let this pass and do as the men who put you here asked of you, and do so quickly. It is better that you be killed and sealed with the blood of Jesus Christ than to continue to fight the almighty God. Life here on earth is temporary, but life after death is forever. However, as you know, eternal life is only for those who choose God’s path. I cannot decide for you what needs to be done. Only you can decide that.”  
“Are you saying then that even if I resign, as I have been told to do, I may be killed?”
“No, I am not saying you will be killed. What I am saying is during this time of sorrows, believers and non-believers will die. Those sealed with the Blood of Christ will live on forever, regardless if they die now or later. If you have read the book of Revelations, do you remember the breaking of the fifth seal, and the souls of the martyrs under the throne? However, with that said, rest assured that I have no way of knowing your exact future.”    
“Do you know who they want to take my place? The Vice President has also been told to resign.”
“Yes, I do know, Mr. President; and if God had waited another few years to start Tribulation then this person would have been elected to the post, anyway.”  
“So, it’s the Speaker, isn’t it?”
“Yes, that is who it is.” 
“Any reason you can give me as to why him?” 
“Do you know the Bible, especially Genesis and the story of Adam and Eve, the serpent, and the first sin?”  
“Yes, I know.” 
“If you really know this story, then rest assured that the person who needs to replace you is Lucifer’s son.”  
“Cain?”  
“Yes, Cain.”  
“Cain, the Biblical Cain, is the speaker of the house?” 
“Yes, he is.” 
“How can that be, we have a whole dossier on him, his childhood…well, everything. I mean this man would have to be over 6000 years old.”
Enoch smiled at Stevenson then said, “Much older than that sir, but then, they say the same thing about Elijah and I.”  
Stevenson sat back in the chair with his hand stroking his chin. The Prophet could see that he was in deep thought. Men of science, he knew, had difficulty understanding God’s power. Even Abraham had a difficult time understanding when confronted with God’s power. He had started questioning and asking for more assurance. It all boiled down to faith. Without faith, even the eyes and ears could be deceived. Then the person would ignore God.  
Stevenson then said to him, “So Enoch, you are saying that I should resign as I was told to do by Aafre. So that you know, I had wanted to wait until the last possible minute to do so. What do I do, resign right now?”
“What I would like for you to do, Mr. President, is to hold a press conference. I want you to tell the world that the real leaders of this world are godless and that you refuse to be a part of leading humanity down the wrong path.”  
“I can’t do that.” 
“Why can’t you?” 
“Aafre won’t let me. He would have me killed before he would ever allow me to do that.”  
“Not if you make the call right now with me here. He would not even try to touch you. Call Bear news right now and tell them. They will have a crew here in minutes.”  
“Where will I go, what will I do? Aafre will kill me if I resign and say these things…I know...”  
“Mr. President, I will not let any harm come to you, your wife or your son. You need to have faith in me. I promise you that if you have faith and do as I and your God are asking you, then you should have no fear.”  
As he sat thinking about Enoch’s request a secret service agent opened the door and said, “I am sorry to interrupt, Mr. President, but I need to turn on the television in here. There has been a terrible accident. The Vice President’s plane has gone down in Colorado with him and his family on board.”  
“What did you say, agent?”
“The Vice President’s plane has gone down in Colorado, Mr. President.” 
“Are there any survivors?” Stevenson asked.
“I don’t think so. According to the news broadcast, his plane was en-route to Cheyenne Mountain, and then something happened.”  
“Please turn the TV on, but after you do, please give me a few more minutes. I need to finish my meeting with my guest.”
The agent turned on the TV to Bear News then left. On the screen, a field correspondent was talking about the crash that had just occurred. Enoch looked over at Stevenson who had a look of shock and fear on his face. His mouth was open, and he worked his jaw nervously back and forth, as he massaged his chin with his fingers. Finally, he turned from the television. He faced Enoch with a bewildered, wild-eyed look and said, “I am next, Enoch. I am sure of it. He will kill my wife, my child, and me. Please help me, Enoch; please help me. Call Bear News. I have made my decision.”



















Chapter 45 
9:45 PM Friday The Temple Mount Entrance to the Dome of the Rock 
It was still raining; but then it would rain until Enoch’s prophecy ended, which was in about twenty-five days or so. Elijah heard a car approaching so he looked up and saw that an official Israeli limousine had pulled up to the gate. The rear passenger door opened and he could dimly see that is was Chief Rabbi, Benjamin Hagen, from the Sephardi and Yona Salant, the Chief Rabbi from Ashkenazi.  
They crossed the bridge and stopped right in front of where he was sitting. They each had umbrellas and Benjamin carried an extra one. He looked down on the Prophet and extended his hand, offering him the extra umbrella. Elijah reached up and took it from him. He opened it, and placed the handle on his shoulder, as he covered his head with the umbrella. 
Then he asked them, “Would you like to sit with me upon the stones of our holy ground?”  
They both replied, “Yes,” and sat down on the wet pavement with him.  
After a few moments of silence, while Elijah stared at the stones, Yona asked, “Elijah, why are you sitting here at the entrance to the Temple?” 
“I am waiting for the destruction of the Dome so that we can rebuild the Temple, then restore it to its original glory; place the Ark of the Covenant and the other holy items which need to be placed back into the Temple, the way it is supposed to be.”  
“We are not rebuilding the Temple or destroying it,” Yona said. “You must come with us out of the rain and find someplace where we can talk; maybe a synagogue.”
“Yes,” Benjamin said, “Yona is right. We are not going to antagonize our enemies and rebuild the Temple. In addition, even if we did rebuild the Temple, the Ark of the Covenant is lost and has been for a very long time. Not only is the Ark missing but so is the Showbread, Menorah, Veil of the Ark, the vestments, and serving vessels. They are all gone, and lost to antiquity.”
Elijah leaned forward, looked deeply into Benjamin’s eyes for a long moment. He was silent as he stared into his soul. Not removing his gaze from his eyes, Elijah said, “You have no faith in Adonai Benjamin, to say the things you just said. For if Adonai wants this Temple rebuilt it will be rebuilt. As for the Ark, yes, it is missing and so are the other items you mentioned. You of little faith in Adonai; and you call yourself a religious leader of the Jewish Nation.”
He looked away from them for a moment as he thought that maybe he should try to reason with them, so he said, “To help you understand, I know where all of the Temple’s treasures are; every piece, to the last serving vessel, the gold plates, the table, and the utensils for sacrifice, all of it. The veil with the blood splattered on it from the Day of Atonement. Yes, Yona, they will all be found and put in their proper places once we rebuild the Temple. If you have faith and believe in Adonai’s power then all these things you complain about can be resolved.”  
“Elijah,” Benjamin said, “We cannot rebuild the Temple. Our enemies surround us and they will unite against us. The country Jordan is one of our allies. They are in charge of the Dome itself, and destroying it will make them our enemies. This action will cause the other Arab and Muslim countries to unite and turn against us. We barely keep our sovereignty now. If not for our resolve, they would have pushed us into the sea long ago. It has taken years to get to this point and we as a nation are at grave risk, daily.”  
Elijah looked up at Benjamin and asked, “In your opinion, who do you think I am?”  
Benjamin immediately replied, “Elijah, the Prophet.”
“Do you really believe that, Rabbi, for I cannot feel in my heart that that is what you feel inside. What I see in your heart is not compassion, but anger that I am here. You do not like that I am here and what I am doing. It takes from your power and your eloquence. So let me ask again, who do you think I am?”  
“I do not know Elijah; I only know what you tell me.”
“You are one of the two leaders in Israel of the faith, are you not?”
“Yes, I am.”
“Then you should know your scriptures, should you not?”
“Yes, I do know them, Elijah. I know them well.” 
“So, if you know your scriptures, then you should know that before what you claim is the arrival of the Messiah, I would come back to Israel. Is that not correct?” 
“Yes, that is what I believe, as many others do.”
“Well, I did come back before the Messiah, but you don’t read the New Testament like most Jews. In Matthew 7, Jesus the true messiah said in verse 12, ‘But I say unto you, that Elias is come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they liked. Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them.’ That refers to John the Baptist, Rabbi. Jesus said it and I lived it. Now, in anticipation of the return of Jesus, I am again here to pave the way. I am again here to bring the House of Israel back; not only to Adonai, but His son, Jesus Christ. I am also here to rebuild the Temple. All of these things I will do ‘Chief Rabbi, Benjamin Hagen of the Sephardi.’” Elijah said contemptuously.  
“I don’t believe Jesus was the Messiah, Elijah. It is very difficult for me to believe any of this. Please forgive me but there is nothing in my life or my education that points to the Messiah being Jesus, as you say. But this conversation is not why I am here tonight.”
Benjamin looked down at the wet stones beneath him then raised his head; and after a deep breath said, “Elijah, we have a government and this government makes the decisions for our people. We the religious leaders do not make those decisions for them. Israel has not had a prophet for thousands of years and I find it hard to believe that they have one now. Elijah, we don’t make the decisions, and neither do you.”  
The Prophet then looked at Benjamin and said very calmly, “As of yesterday, Benjamin, I am now Israel’s leader by Adonai’s choice. I will be their leader until; once again, I am taken up to the Father. Then, and only then, will the Israelis govern themselves again. Until that time, and you may tell your government, you may tell your generals, you may tell your secret service people, what I have said. I will also say this once more; I have ways to keep Israel in line and if necessary, I will use them. Go back to your books and read your scriptures of the period of no rain during the time of King Ahab.”  
Elijah paused then, looking up at both men and said, “By tomorrow this Dome will no longer be here. Tell them to bring the machines to remove the rubble, which is all that will be left of their shrines. Try to save parts of the buildings. Many of the bricks were made originally for the temple built by Solomon. We will reuse those materials. Also, bring equipment to excavate and remove very large stones. We need to retrieve some of the possessions of the Temple.”  
“Are you going to destroy the Temple yourself tonight, Elijah?” Yona asked.    
“No, your enemies will destroy it, and it will be very soon. As we speak, they have just launched their rockets towards Jerusalem. You must both leave and take cover; for when they approach all three that were launched will hit right here in the middle of their shrine and it will be totally and completely destroyed by their own hands.” 
Benjamin stood then and said to Yona, “Let’s go. We must get to the Prime Minister immediately and tell him what Elijah has said.”   
Yona looked up at Benjamin, shaking his head back and forth as he said, “I will stay here with the prophet to see with my own eyes what I have waited my entire life to see, the destruction of the Temple Mount as it stands now.”
“It’s not safe, Yona. We must leave and you too, Elijah.”  
“God will protect us, Benjamin. Go and tell the men of Israel what I have said, all of what I said.”  
As soon as he had finished saying his last words, the warning sirens started across Israel. Benjamin began walking towards the limousine then started running. Elijah then stood and said to Yona, “Look up into the night skies and watch, Yona. Watch what Adonai can do.”
The Prophet started searching the sky until he could make out the streak of the missiles coming towards Jerusalem. The ground ICBMS from the Iron Dome System streaked up into the sky towards the missiles and the anti-aircraft guns were now firing. The night sky was lit up from the spotlights searching for oncoming danger.    
Yona watched as Elijah raised his hands towards the sky, pointing at the oncoming missiles. His hands were steady as he followed their trajectory. Moving his hands in much the same way as that of a conductor in a symphony, with Adonai’s help, he started changing the course of each missile. Slowly, all three missiles changed their direction in a sharp left turn. They were now flying in perfect formation, like three fighter jets would be in an air show. You could now see the fire from the rockets as they started on a downward trajectory towards where Elijah stood.
Yona stood transfixed, watching Elijah. The sirens were still blasting their warnings and the loud speakers were warning Israel that they were under attack. As the missiles came closer, Yona could see that Elijah unwaveringly kept his hands to the sky and was speaking in a language he could not understand. Then he saw the missiles streaking towards them. They appeared as if they were aimed directly at him and the Prophet.
Then Elijah dropped his hands and took Yona’s hand, pulling the other man towards him. He pushed him against the wall, shielding him with his body and cloak.   
All three missiles hit simultaneously. The ground shook as the sky lit up as if it was daylight. The explosions as the missiles impacted could be heard all across Jerusalem. The debris was on fire as it fell from the sky around them, lighting up the entire Temple Mount area, even below the wall where they both crouched.  
After a few minutes when the major explosions around them had subsided, Elijah slowly rose up from above Yona. He walked out to where the Dome used to be.
He looked over at Yona then pointed to where the Dome of the Rock had stood just moments before, “Look, Yona, they have destroyed their own temple and now the Temple of Adonai can and will be rebuilt.”
Yona looked at the Temple Mount, which was ablaze. It appeared as if the entire top of the Mount was on fire. Explosions were going off continuously and debris was still raining down near them. He watched in fear as he saw the figure of Elijah, the fires burning on top of the Mount behind him and the reflection of the light from the fire lighting up his face. His expression was that of fire itself, almost as if laughing at the destruction. His dark eyes were blazing in obvious triumph.  
Yona then fell to his knees, looking up at the fire and prayed, “Oh dear Adonai, you have shown me your power tonight through your Prophet, Elijah. I now truly believe in you and your son the Messiah, Jesus Christ, with all my heart and all my soul.” 
The religious leader then lay prostrate on the ground. Soon he felt a hand on his head and heard Elijah say, “Dear God, we have the first of the 144,000 we seek.” 
Then he said, “We need to get up and out of the way Yona.”  
Yona obeyed the command and as he got to his feet, he saw the fire trucks racing to the Mount with the military vehicles behind them. Between the explosions on the Mount, the air raid sirens, and the approaching rescue equipment, the sound was deafening. Both men moved away from the entrance to a safe distance from the Mount where they stood to watch.  
Yona turned to Elijah and asked, “What of the people, the caretakers, the priests, and all the others who were inside their Temple?” 
Elijah looked at him and shrugged his shoulders. 
“They chose to not believe in Adonai’s power, even though they were warned.” He paused, shaking his head slowly back and forth, then added, “Their choice sealed their own fate.”
He said nothing more as he lifted his gaze to the top of the Mount. After a moment, he turned his head from the fires and looked at Yona again. 
“Yona, always remember what you have seen tonight. Always keep your heart strong and believe in Adonai’s power. You will be a leader of men and lead many to the salvation of their souls after I am gone. For the next three years, you will be by my side where you will learn from me. This is so you will be prepared to teach others about the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ.”
The camera crews were now everywhere in the area, along with rescue teams and firefighters. The Temple Mount area was sealed off for about four blocks. Yona and Elijah then sat down on the wet stones outside the entrance a safe distance away and watched as they worked.  
A news camera crew finally found them. 
“What has happened here?” a reporter asked in Hebrew.
Smiling at him, Elijah simply stated for the cameras, “Your enemies have destroyed their own Temple. So now thanks to them we can immediately rebuild the Temple for Adonai and His son, Jesus Christ.”  
The reporter was then silent but the camera had caught Elijah smiling, as he had the thought, Finally, the Temple of Adonai’s chosen people will be rebuilt.   
Chapter 46  
2:05 PM Friday Bear News Affiliate Studios in Kansas City 
The breaking news logo appeared on the screen, interrupting the coverage of the Vice President’s plane going down. In the background, John and Don were reading the dispatches and speaking with their affiliate in Israel. Once they were confident they had the story line down pat, John went live. Don was rounding up others to get commentary of what had just happened in Israel.  
The announcer said, “We interrupt our current programming to bring you breaking news from Israel. Here is John Roddenburg.” The logo changed to the camera focused on the anchor desk. John began, “We’ve just received news that the Temple Mount was attacked by three missiles and has been totally destroyed. We are now going to our affiliate reporter in Israel, Jaeger Barak, who is live on site at the Temple Mount, where the Dome of the Rock used to be. Jaeger, can you hear me?”
There was a time delay, and then John repeated, “Jaeger, can you hear me?
Yes John, it is just very noisy and difficult to hear. As you can see from the scene behind me, emergency equipment and personnel are battling the flames on the Temple Mount and trying to keep the crowds at bay. If you look directly behind me, even though it is dark, you can see the flames still shooting into the night sky from the impact. We were informed that gas lines on the Mount ruptured. A few moments ago, it is assumed that the leaking gas caused a major fireball on the Mount. We understand that those have now been turned off from the feeds below.” 
“Any idea, Jaeger, on how many people were inside the Dome when the missiles hit?”  
“We really do not have a complete total of casualties or injuries. So far, all we can tell you is maybe thirty to forty maintenance workers and caretakers. They are all Jordanian Nationals. They would have been in the area along with several clerics and their supporting staff.”
“What about the other buildings on the Mount other than the Dome itself?”
“Well, as best as we can ascertain, John, there is nothing on that Mount other than a huge crater. Some of the debris from the impact covers a two-mile area. All the mosques located on the Mount have been destroyed. As I said earlier, as best as we can tell, there are no structures still standing on the Mount. The al-Aqsa Mosque, the Dome of the Rock and the Dome of the Chain are all destroyed. What we have is a huge hole where they used to be.”
“Jaeger, are there any religious issues with firefighters and rescue teams entering the Temple Mount?”  
“As you know, John, Israelis are prohibited from entering the area. For now, it appears that this restriction is being overlooked. The firefighters here are Israeli and they are on the Mount.  
“Any word from government officials in Israel that you may have heard?”
“The Israelis are saying that the Iranians launched the missiles. This is the only official word we have from them. The Israeli government is not getting the blame, at least not for now. But there is one thing that may interest the viewers.”
“What is that, Jaeger?”
“Elijah and one of the Chief Rabbinates were at the entrance gate to the Dome when impact occurred. We had a camera crew here because we were not sure if Elijah would speak again or not. We had lights put on the makeshift podium in case he decided to say something. Just before impact, Elijah was looking up at the sky, pointing at something. The last footage we have before impact is when he grabbed the Rabbi and then pressed him against the wall. We filmed a statement from him a few minutes after the explosions. However, we no longer have the tape. The Israeli government seized the tapes of those incidents with Elijah before and after the impact.”  
“Are you aware of what Elijah said, which was recorded on the tape?”
“Yes, John, the cameraman had written down what Elijah had said when they caught up with him after the impact.”
“What did he say?”
Jaeger then unfolded a piece of paper that he had in his hands. “What he said to the camera operator was ‘your enemies have destroyed their own Temple. So now, thanks to them, we can immediately rebuild the Temple for our God and His Son, Jesus Christ.’”
“Is this an exact quote from the cameraman?”
“Yes it is, John. As I said earlier, the Israeli government seized the actual tape of that quote. We cannot confirm the exact words. We only have what the cameraman remembers and wrote down.” 
“Thanks, Jaeger, please stay where you are, we may want to come back to you as we sort this out.”
“Ok John, we will be here as long as they let us stay. This is Jaeger Barak, live in Jerusalem.”
John then turned back to the camera at the anchor desk and said, “As you can see, it appears that the Temple Mount in Jerusalem is now barren, for the first time since the building of the first Temple in 957 BC. I have with me here in Kansas City on the phone, Rabbi, Yose Shemayah.”
John then looked toward the speakerphone on the anchor desk and said, “Thank you, Rabbi, for agreeing to talk to us on such short notice. I want to ask you only one specific question. You heard what was just reported in Israel and what Elijah said, or was deemed to have said. After hearing this alleged comment, do you think the Israeli government will rebuild the Temple? Or Rabbi should Israel give the Mount back to the Jordanian Waqf to rebuild their shrines?”
“To be honest, John, I have no idea what they may do, but I can tell you what I want to happen.” 
“What is that, Rabbi?”
“Rebuild the Temple for God or who we call Adonai. The reason is simple, at least to me. I know that the Messiah will be here soon and the Temple must be there for Him when He arrives.”  
“Do you think, Rabbi, that many like you feel the same?”
“Yes I do, but then there are always the politics. Nevertheless, Elijah and Enoch declared that the Lord was coming, right here in Kansas City. I believe politics needs to be tabled and we take advantage of this God-given situation. It was not the Jews who destroyed the Temple. It was the Iranians. This situation should pave the way for Israel to rebuild the Temple.” 
“Rabbi,” John said, “You heard the Iranians claim that they did not target the Temple Mount. It appears that there was a glitch in the trajectory. How do you feel about that?”  
The phone was silent for a few moments, and then the Rabbi replied, “Adonai wants the Temple rebuilt. The only way John this could occur was to destroy what was on it now. Moreover, I can tell you John there was no software problem. I know in my heart it was, Adonai’s will that destroyed the Temple. The Iranians only supplied the means to do so.”
“Any other comments, Rabbi?”
“Yes, I think that Jews worldwide need to return to Israel, as Elijah commanded the other night. The Temple will be rebuilt, it appears, and that means the Messiah is at our doorstep. It is time to go home.”
“Does that mean you are going also?”
“Yes, and most of our members are also. There is going to be thousands…no, tens of thousands of Jews returning to the Promised Land. It is time, John.”
“Thank you, Rabbi; we appreciate you being so candid with us.”
“You’re welcome, John.”
John looked away from the speakerphone then said, “We are going to take a break. We will be back with more on the situation in Jerusalem and all the other news we are following. Stay tuned, for we have a lot of news.”  


Chapter 47
10:45 PM IDF Kiyra Military Complexes, Tel Aviv, Israel 
“We have confirmation that the three incoming Fajr-3 Missiles struck the Temple Mount pretty well dead center. They were on track to hit two targets in Jerusalem and one here in Tel Aviv but for some reason, they literally changed direction and hit the Shrine. Also, the Iron Dome was unable to intercept them, even though they deployed.”
“Origination, Corporal?”
“Iran, sir.”
“Any coordinates of the exact launch spot?”
“Bakhtaran, on the Eastern side of Iraq sir; Longitude-45.9775-45° 58' 39" E, Latitude-34.3508-34° 21' 2.9" N. Launch time was at 21:40:38. Impact was at 21:55:53PM sir.”  
“Heat signature?”
“Conventional bomb, sir, armed with three warheads each at 2,200 pounds each. That payload would make quite a mess, sir.”  
“Thank you, Corporal, you may continue. Please see if you can obtain any additional satellite photos of the impact site.” 
“Yes, sir.”
Captain John Bernstein then picked up the phone and called Chief of the General Staff of the IDF, Jacob Schwartz, on the direct line at the IDF HQ.  
“General.”
“Yes?” 
“Captain John Bernstein. We have forwarded the information on the attack and are waiting for your instructions.”  
“Are there any other incoming objects of interest that you can see?”
“No sir, not at this time.” 
“Impact information available yet?”
“We do have imagery and also people on site. It appears all three with three warheads, each at 2200 pounds, hit dead center in the Dome of the Rock complex.” 
“Any idea how that may have happened, seeing that our computers were calculating trajectories aimed at the government complex in Jerusalem, specifically the Knesset?” 
“I don’t know, sir. The tracking from the model shows that all three missiles literally made a wide turn then plunged straight down. The result was a direct hit at the Dome Complex.”  
“Any chance there was an error in our tracking software?”  
“None sir, we have gone over it several times now.”  
“Any troop movement or anything else indicating the Iranians are planning any additional action?”
“No sir, not even in Tehran.”
“Alright Captain, I expect that a detailed report is forthcoming very soon.”  
“Any other instructions, sir?”
“No, not at this time, Captain. If the situation changes please notify me immediately.”
“Yes, sir.”  
Jacob hung up the phone. He walked over to the computer screen to replay the track of the missiles. After watching the replay for the third time, he looked up, shook his head, as he said to himself, “Impossible. This is absolutely impossible.”  













Chapter 48
10:46 PM Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein’s underground bunker, Jerusalem, Israel
“Shlomo, what do we have as of now?”  
“Prime Mister Bernstein, there are no more missiles incoming to Israeli airspace. As we briefed you moments ago, the three that hit were at the Dome of the Rock.”  
“How is that possible?”
“We do not know, sir. The computers calculated that the Iranians targeted our government complex here in Jerusalem. Our ICBMs were locked in from the Iron Dome System and launched but missed. The missiles themselves took sharp left turns then literally flew in formation. The radar tracking them showed the missiles arcing up then going down in a straight line. It was a direct hit right through the center of the complex. As of now, they appear to have destroyed everything, and I mean everything.”  
“We are sure they were from Iran?”
“Absolutely sir; heat signature, and identification were all confirmed as being Iranian. We also know which Iranian base the missiles were launched from. We also have confirmation of all our data from the American spy satellites.”  
“Why didn’t the Iron Dome System intercept them?”
“We don’t know. They seemed to have malfunctioned. These were Russian-made missiles, not the puny Katyusha rockets Hamas uses. They launch higher than the Iron Dome is capable of reaching. We have contacted the US defense department about it. They say that we must not have re-calibrated them since we have been using them to deflect the Hamas rockets from Gaza in recent months, sir.” 
“Ok Shlomo, now what? None of this makes any sense at all.”
“Regardless, sir, of the failure of the Iron Dome System they really hit Jordanian territory at least in concept. However, that was not their intent. Therefore, I suggest we bomb the base they launched from immediately. Then, as a warning to Iran, bomb their capital. The planes are already armed and in the air waiting for your authorization.”
David stared at Shlomo for a while. He finally responded with a question. “Was Elijah at ground zero?”
“Yes, he was there along with Yona. They were at the entrance where the wooden bridge is, near the wall. It appears that they took shelter by the wall and both escaped without any injury.”  
“Any news feed on them during that time? Were there news cameras still there by any chance?”
“Yes, I believe so. The American broadcasting company, Bear, had left a camera operator they had just flown in from Saudi Arabia. They had a crew at the Temple Mount in case Elijah decided to say something while he was sitting there. Our local news station left earlier after the issue with the guards and the police department.”  
“Do we have this film?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Get it here as soon as possible. I want to know what Elijah was doing when the missiles hit the Dome.”  
“Why, what difference would that make, David?”  
David smiled as he replied, “I know you are not very religious, Shlomo; but I think that Elijah made those missiles change course. How he did it, I do not know. However, I am sure that he did and he was waiting for them to appear so he could change their course.”
“Why would he do that?”
David smiled, then almost laughing said, “To force the issue of rebuilding the Temple without us taking the blame of destroying it. For we did not destroy it, did we? The Iranians did and the world will know it. Therefore, we are not at fault and now the Temple can be rebuilt. Moreover, it can be rebuilt without international problems or conflict with our neighbors. Iran just screwed up. The Muslims worldwide and many in the Arab world will be very angry with them. Especially Jordan, for it was their people who were in the Dome who I assume died.”
“I don’t really understand, David, what you are talking about. None of this makes sense to me. Now if we are through with the Elijah hocus pocus, can I have the order to retaliate?”
“No, we are going to stand down.”  
“What?” 
“Counter attacking right now serves no purpose. For as much as I would like to, this act of aggression by Iran occurred for a reason. I really do not think it would be in our best interest to counterattack them. You see, Shlomo, they did not attack us, they attacked Jordan.”  
David then straightened up in his chair, grabbed a pen, and started writing out orders.    
“Now Shlomo, what I do want is as follows. Get press releases with all the details of when the missiles were launched, what kind they were, and where they were launched. Then I want you to get that camera operator’s feed of Elijah just before the missiles hit. I want to see it.” 
Shlomo was almost shocked for he could not believe they were going to stand down. He thought that he would ask once more.  
“Are you sure, David, now is such a great opportunity. We have every reason to attack, especially the nuclear refining sites. We have waited a long time for the opportunity to end their attempts for a bomb.”
“No, and that is my final answer. If there are those who disagree with me then let them. Next election, if there is one, they can remove me. For now, once again, the answer is no.”  
David looked at his Defense Minister with a smile, and then started laughing aloud. 
“What’s so funny, David?” 
“I think Iran may have just pissed off Elijah.”  
“So what’s so funny about that?” 
“Remember that little grasshopper he showed on TV with John Roddenburg and what he said?”
“Yes.” 
“Well I would bet that within a few days Iran will be fighting a plague of locusts. That will do more harm than we ever could.”
As he walked away, he had a great big smile on his face. He was thinking about what he had just said to them. Suddenly he stopped and turned back to Shlomo, “Please get me what I want before it is too late. I need that tape.”  
Chapter 49
12:15 AM Saturday Doshan Tapeh Air Base, Iran Major General Amir Naghd’s office 
“Can anyone tell me what has happened here?” Major General Amir asked as he looked around at his staff.
“No sir, we have absolutely no idea. The coordinates of the missiles were programmed and verified, then rechecked, as per protocol. All systems were working one-hundred percent normal. There is absolutely no possible way that all three missiles would have hit the Dome at almost the exact same time. It is not physically possible. These are SP300’s and they can store and track one-hundred targets at a time. It only had one program. The Temple Mount has never, ever been programmed into the system. Would there even be a reason to do so?”
“So what are you saying, Lieutenant?”
“There is absolutely no way that we made an error. You can see the reports yourself. They do not lie. The missiles were on exact tracking, then they diverted. They made a left turn at six-hundred miles per hour, taking them off course. The missiles then arced up into the air, two miles straight up until they were over the Mount. They then went down, pointed in a straight line and impacted on the Temple Mount. That is impossible.”  
“So Lieutenant, is there any other reason than to believe that the Israelis now have a new device that can change the trajectory of a missile? That seems to be what you are telling me.”  
“No sir, that would be impossible also.”  
“No one seems to have any answers then. This situation is not good, not good at all. Defense Minister Abbas is not convinced of what you are claiming. He has told me to find out who screwed up and bring them up on charges of treason. Now I want to know what happened. We will deal with each individual in your command on a one on one basis until we get an answer. I am sure each of you realizes what that means.”
“Sir, I mean, General,” the Lieutenant began, “We did nothing wrong and the missiles themselves are the ones we obtained from Russia. The software, the launch, everything was right on target until the very last moment. Somehow, someway, all three were redirected to the Dome.”  
The sweat on the lieutenant’s brow was becoming noticeable as he said again, “I resubmit to you what we do know, General, sir. They made forty-five-degree turns in midair then went straight down. These missiles or the missiles from any other country for that matter, are not capable of doing that. Look here on the computer, sir, and see how they acted. You yourself know what is possible and what is not.”
“So what are you saying, Lieutenant?”
“I do not know, General Amir. All I can tell you is that some power or technology not of this world caused those missiles to miss.”  
The Lieutenant paused then lifted his head sheepishly to the General and said, “Maybe this Elijah Prophet had something to do with it. The news feeds showed him at the Temple Mount just before impact and he seemed to be pointing towards the incoming missiles. As ridiculous as it seems, this is all we can even begin to offer to you as an explanation, sir. I realize this hypothesis is not an answer. However, my command has no reason to have sabotaged the system. Nor could we as a group or as individuals have done so, even if we tried. There are too many checks and rechecks for that to occur.”
“Alright, Lieutenant, I will not repeat your Elijah plot to my superiors. I suggest you never mention that again, do we understand each other?”
“Yes sir.”
“Therefore, I want this data gone over, and over to see if we can find anything that might point to what happened. As you well know this exercise was meant to punish the Israelis and help bind the Arab world together. For some reason we are the goat. This fouled up exercise has now backfired on us. One more thing, Lieutenant, do you have any idea why the Israelis did not counter-attack?”
“No sir, their bombers are in the air in formation but have not left Israeli airspace. As of a few minutes ago, many have left their holding positions and returned to their bases.”  
“So they are not attacking us then?” 
“No sir, it appears they are not.”  
This is strange. I wonder why, Amir thought to himself.  
Chapter 50
2:50 PM Friday, Bear News Bear news Affiliate Kansas City, Missouri 
We interrupt our normal broadcast to bring you this special breaking news announcement from our affiliate in Jerusalem. Here is Bear News anchor, John Roddenburg.
“We have confirmed from sources among Israeli officials that at 9:55 PM, Israeli time, or at 1:55 PM Central Standard Time, three missiles carrying three warheads were launched from Bakhtaran, Iran. All three missiles impacted simultaneously and completely destroyed the Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem.” 
“We do not have confirmation from the Iranians as to why they would have destroyed a holy shrine of the Muslims in Israel. However, it is assumed that there was most likely a glitch in the Iranian’s systems, which caused the missiles to miss their intended targets.”  
“At this time we have no indication of retaliation by the Israelis. According to press releases from the Prime Minister’s office in Jerusalem, the Israeli air force has not attacked or even entered Iranian airspace.” 
“We do have a dispatch from the Jordanian King Adbel Kerak, who states, and I quote, ‘This despicable act by Iran is of worldwide significance in the irresponsibility of Iran’s leaders. We hold them completely responsible for the lives of the Jordanian nationals who maintain the Dome of the Rock.’”  
“The Jordanian Government went on to say that it is calling on all Arab nations, the Arab League, and all Muslims, to convene a board of inquiry. The King also stated that all should censor or punish their neighbor Iran for their barbaric act against Jordan.”  
We will also be right back with updates on the Vice President’s plane crash and other news, after this.”
They cut away to commercial. As soon as they did, the news team gathered around Don and John and started sorting through the news in Israel, Iran, and the crash of the jet that was carrying the American Vice President. As they were discussing how to get it all covered for the viewers, John noticed one of the assistants trying to get his attention. Leaving the others, he walked over and asked, “Keith, what has you so animated?” 
Keith had a cell phone in his hand offering it to John as he said, “Enoch is on the phone. He says it is urgent and he emphasized ‘urgent’ in his call. I had it transferred to my cell.”
Now what John thought, running his fingers through his hair. “Give me the phone, Keith.”
“Hello Enoch,” John said into the receiver.
“Yes, John, this is Enoch. I am sorry to bother you but we have an emergency here. I have an urgent request for you and the timing is of the essence, for we have very little time.”  
“Where are you, Enoch?”
“I am in President Stevenson’s suite.”  
“Oh?”
Enoch then told John about his conversation with the President and that Stevenson wanted an immediate press conference. He also asked that Bear have their news helicopter on the roof of the hotel for use after the press conference.
After Enoch clicked off on the phone, John motioned to Don to come over. 
“We need a news crew for a press conference that only we are going to cover at the President’s suite in Center City. In addition Don, this all has to be on the QT. The President has something very important to say, and I mean Important.”
“What could be that important that we can’t defer it till maybe later today?” Don asked.  
John ignored Don’s question then added, “Also, Enoch wants the news helicopter on Center City’s roof for use after the press conference, fully fueled.” 
“What? Why?”
“Doesn’t matter Don, go along with me please. It is important. Therefore, here is what we are going to do. Put my co-anchors on the anchor desk. They can cover the Israeli-Iran issue and the Vice President’s crash and apparent death. It will take time to sort through all of it anyway. I will go to Center City with the crew for the press conference. We are going to need lighting and sound equipment and we do not want anyone else to know about it.”  
“Ok…,” Don said, hesitantly. 
“However, the press conference will be live. So I will be cutting in from the President’s suite as soon as we get set up.”   
“Ok John, but you need to explain to me what’s so urgent that the President can’t wait? Also, I thought he was in the meeting with the Waldger Group?”  
John pulled Don aside, far away from the others in the room. He put his mouth close to the producer’s ear and said, “Don’t react, just stay calm.”  
Don cocked his head towards John as he whispered, “The President is resigning. He fears for the lives of his family and himself.”
Don stepped back, mouth open in shock, then as he gathered his composure, he said, “John, go to Center City. I will have a crew and equipment there in 20 minutes.” 
With that, John hurried out of the studio, headed to Center City.  
Chapter 51
2:45 PM Friday Waldger meeting at Center City Convention Center, Kansas City, Missouri
The meeting had reassembled at 2:00 PM, but due to the breaking news in Jerusalem, the screen was showing the broadcast from The Network with Brad Williams. They were not watching Bear today; but that was normal, for the Group owned The Network. It seemed that all there was any more was news and more news. All of it associated one way or the other with the two Witnesses. No matter what was in the news, they seemed to be a part of it, one way or the other.    
Aafre had told him earlier, “David we need to keep this meeting in focus, but things are happening much quicker than I expected. It is probably best to let them watch this for now. It is important news. We can delay the rest of the meeting till after this dies down some.” 
Therefore, the decision was made. Now everyone here, like most of the world, was watching the broadcast.
Brad Williams was wrapping up his comments; then the screen went blank and the Waldger logo came up.  
Aafre went again to the podium. 
“It appears that the Iranians have made a major error in the Middle East. We are sure the Arab and the Muslim world may not be too pleased with the Iranian’s leadership. However, what they did was a benefit to us. It solves a problem that we have discussed before.” He paused then said, “That is, how we could allow the Jews to rebuild their Jewish Temple.”
“Fortunately, as you heard on the broadcast, the Israelis have decided not to attack in retaliation. That is a good thing. If they had, we would then have to step in and stop an all-out war between the two. For now, it seems this crisis is under control.”  
“Now, all that is happening all around us have caused some delays in our schedule. We do have many other issues to decide on here today and we need to continue. However, with all the news occurring, I suggest we take another break. Therefore, you can stay here and watch the broadcast, or, if you have other pressing issues, you can take care of them during the break. We will reconvene around 4:00 PM.”
Chapter 52
2:35 PM Friday President Stevenson’s Suites, Kansas City, Missouri 
After speaking with President Stevenson, Enoch used his cell phone to call Veronica and ask her to make some contingency plans to whisk the President and his family to a safe place for a while. After hearing of the plans for the press conference, she suggested that maybe he could get the news helicopter from Bear and then they could fly them to MCI. She then would arrange to have them fly to a neutral place where they could stay until things were sorted out. She also suggested that Enoch fly with them, just in case Aafre decided to interfere. He had agreed. 
The President then called the Secretary of State, Bill Krasner, who was still in Washington; and then went on a conference call with Press Secretary, Christopher Hughes. After a lot of protesting on the phone with the President, they finally conceded that Stevenson’s decision was final. They all agreed that the President would address the ‘Resignation Letter’ as Nixon had done to the Secretary of State. After the broadcast on Bear News, Christopher would then hold a question and answer session at the White House pressroom. They agreed to keep this secret and Stevenson ended the call.  
Without saying a word to Enoch, he walked over to his desk, opened his briefcase, and took out a sheet of paper, which bore the Presidential Letterhead. He sat down, wrote the date on the page, and addressed it to the Secretary of State. He then wrote out the following statement.
‘As of this day, I hereby resign as President of the United States, effective immediately.’
He signed it. He was frowning as he looked at the letter. Finally, he said, “Enoch, now you can call Bear News.”  
Enoch then called Bear and spoke with John Roddenburg. He had a news crew on its way.  
The President’s wife was packing for them as he sat across from me. Their seventeen-year-old son was also there with him. 
“Mr. President, I am going to get you out of here after your statement is finished,” Enoch said. “You will no longer be President and we have safe places where you can go for now. I will also be flying with you, for I can promise you that they will not attempt to harm me. That will keep you safe until we get away from Aafre’s clutches. Once we leave, Bear News will broadcast that I am traveling with you. That will signal them to back off. They will probably think that they can deal with you at a later time and for now let you go.” 
“All of this is insane, Enoch!” 
“Yes, it is. Everything that has happened over the past few days have been insane; but this is the way it was planned by God. However, you have made a choice…a choice that will be with you for eternity. You made the right choice, sir.” 
There was a knock, and the secret service agent answered the door. Fortunately, he was Stevenson’s handpicked agent and they knew he could be trusted. The other agents assigned to Stevenson had been dismissed earlier, along with Jamal. As soon as the door was  opened, John walked in and said, “The crew is just a few minutes behind me. Let’s sit down and plan this out."  


Chapter 53
3:15 PM President Stevenson’s Suite, Center City, Kansas City, Missouri
The crew had arrived as John said they would and were finishing up with sound and lighting. They picked up the desk in the living room of the suite and moved it into the center of the room, where a white background was set up behind the desk. They would be superimposing a picture of the White House and presidential seal on it electronically.  
Once they were finished, John went over the speech with the President. They had Stevenson sit down behind the desk and the crew ran a few lighting and sound tests. Once their tests were completed, they gave the thumbs up sign, signaling they were ready.  
John told them the helicopter would be there in about 10 minutes. He suggested that they tape the speech. This way he could simulate it as live. By the time they broadcasted Stevenson’s resignation speech, they would be long gone. Stevenson liked the idea and so did Enoch.  
Veronica had arrived earlier and said they would be going somewhere in the Middle East for now.
“Unfortunately, the President has no ID, passport, or driver’s license with him. Therefore, the President, his wife, and son are going underground, temporarily,” she said.
John turned to President Stevenson and asked, “Are you ready, sir?”
“Yes John, as much as I can be; yes, I am ready.”  
The lights came on and then John started talking to the camera, which focused on him. 
“Ladies and gentlemen of America and the world, I am speaking to you from Center City in Kansas City, Missouri. We are broadcasting live from President Richard Stevenson’s hotel suite at the bequest of the President, who wishes to speak to the American people. So here, ladies and gentlemen, is the President of the United States.”  
The camera focused in on the President as he sat behind the desk. He began speaking, “Good evening America, and leaders of the world. I would first off like to extend my sorrow in the ill-fated crash that has happened today, taking the lives of Vice President Alvarado Johnson and his family. The Vice President and I have been working together for many years. His family and mine were as one and we will miss his leadership, his compassion and his love of God and his country, America.” 
The President waited a few seconds, then sighed as he continued, “This tragedy has prompted me to make a very difficult decision. I have come to realize over the past few days that tyrants are besieging America. Powerful men and women, today at the Waldger meetings, are planning to take over the world’s governments. Many may have heard the phrase ‘One World Government.’ Well, it is becoming a reality.”  
“This morning I was approached by the leader of this ‘One World Government,’ Aafre Waldger. Many of you know who he is. During this conversation, I was told that my services as your President were no longer needed. I was also told that the now late Vice President needed to resign. I can only assume that it was felt that as protector of the Constitution of the United States, I would fight against their takeover of the sovereignty of the country. I also believe that the Vice President may have refused to comply with their wishes. You now hear in the news, the result of his refusal; the death of he and his family in the plane crash a few hours ago. I find their deaths to be circumspect.  
Enoch noticed that the President’s hands were shaking. He must have noticed it too, for he put his hands in his lap under the desk. He then continued, “Many of you know I do believe in the Almighty God the Father and His son, Jesus Christ. I cannot turn my back on my faith and join an un-holy alliance of men and women. They deny the existence of God and His son, Jesus, as we are taught in the Bible. They believe in the fallen one, Lucifer or Satan.”
Stevenson paused, and then shaking his head slowly back and forth said, “Strange words coming from your President, I am sure you must be saying. However, remember my words. As the days unfold, you will find that I am telling you the truth, if you have faith. I had known that the Presidency was a purchased office, even before I became a candidate. Therefore, I am as guilty as the hidden leaders of the world for the deceit that has been played upon the American People. Today, I was asked, no…told, to sign a piece of paper, which stated that the Vice President and I had taken a billion dollars in payoffs from various industries during our time as President and Vice President. I was also given the account numbers for two offshore accounts containing a half a billion dollars, each, for the Vice President and me. I was told that as long as we played along we could have the money. Therefore, I had to make a choice. I am not a crook and I would never take a cash payoff from these people.”  
“Therefore, I have turned over the information to the press regarding these accounts. Hopefully, it will be fully investigated and the real story be told of Aafre Waldger and his group of evil people.”  
“Regretfully, for fear of my life and that of my family, I have had to make a very difficult decision, for I know if I do not make this decision now, I will be next. They will find a way to dispose of me or frame me for a crime I have not committed.”
Stevenson was sweating; everyone could see the beads of sweat on his forehead. Enoch knew this was hard for him. Finally, after his brief pause, he continued his speech.    
“Therefore, effective at the end of this broadcast, I have resigned the Presidency of the United States of America. I do so with regret. I also resign in protest of what is happening in this very building with leaders of many nations. They are joining with the Waldger Group to take over the world…your world.”  
“They will, in time, end liberty and freedom; not only for Americans, but all peoples of the world.”
A tear started down Stevenson’s face. He used his sleeve to wipe it away before saying, “I apologize for the show of emotion but I do love my country and I also love my God and His son, Jesus Christ. Now by resigning and with what I have told you about these people, have put my family’s life and me in jeopardy. These men and women are ruthless. They will do whatever is necessary to achieve their goals.”  
“However, I want to leave you with something important that you all need to consider. It is not my life here on earth that I am concerned about; I am more concerned with my life after death. My faith will not allow me to join the ranks of Satan. Doing so would seal my fate for eternity and I want to spend eternity with Jesus.”  
Stevenson must have liked his comment for he smiled as he continued. “Yes, I have consulted with Enoch, one of the Witnesses. He has pointed out to me that I can continue to be their puppet or I can stand for what I believe in. This is the reason for my decision.”  
“In a few moments with I will go into exile with Enoch. I realize that the country is in grave danger with the on-coming storms. However, I will not, in good conscience, be forced to turn American sovereignty over to them under my watch. I can only tell you the truth by resigning the office. Therefore, the request made of me and the Vice President is fulfilled. What was demanded of me today by the real rulers of this planet,” he hesitated, then in a very forceful voice, said very slowly, “the un-holy alliance of the Waldger Group and Satan himself.”  
“My resignation and the cold-blooded murder of the Vice President and his family, over the skies of Wyoming, now give them what they want. I will be succeeded by the son of Lucifer, the Anti-Christ, the opposite of the true Christ. Unfortunately, the Vice President paid with his life and that of his family, for he refused to resign. However, alive I can help fight these people. Somehow, I will help bring them down.”
“Now I urge you to resist the temptation coming at you from these followers of Satan and his demons. I urge you, at all cost, to make peace with God; and I wish you the best.”
He stopped then. After a moment, he put down the papers he had been reading from, closed his hands together, then continued. “In my exile I hope that I can use my God-given talent to save as many souls as possible from Satan. I will do my best. May God bless each and every one of you, not only in the United States but also the world.” 
“Thank you for your understanding, America, thank you.”  
The now ex-President stood up and the cameras followed him as he reached for the door and the secret service agent, his son, his wife and Enoch went out the door with him.  
The camera then returned to John who said, “People of America, I can only tell you that the past few days seem a bad dream and not reality. The resignation of President Stevenson…well, what can I say, but that it is shocking. His reasons for leaving office are concerning to me and should be to you also.” 
John took in a deep breath then continued. 
“I want to let you know we do not know where now Private Citizen Stevenson is going. All we are aware of is that he is leaving the country or as he stated, going into exile. We will have more on this unprecedented day of news soon. For now, I will turn it back to my co-anchors here in Kansas City.”  
With that, John put the microphone on the table, sat down on the couch, put his head in his hands and wept.  

Chapter 54
3:55 PM Friday Waldger Meeting Center City, Kansas City Missouri
All the delegates were assembled back in the theatre. David had just turned off the live feed from The Network. As per Aafre’s instructions, he was to keep monitoring both Bear News and The Network.  
Aafre then started moving towards the podium to bring the meeting back to order. As he monitored Bear News on his laptop with a headset plugged in, David heard John Roddenburg say that he was doing an emergency press conference with Stevenson in his suite, there at Center City. After listening to a few words, he immediately got Aafre’s attention; who stepped away from the podium and came to look over David’s shoulder at the laptop screen. After a few seconds, he said, “Switch the channel on the big screen to Bear News, immediately.”  
David did as he was told; and it was about the time Stevenson was finishing his statement about the death of the Vice President. Then the bombshell hit. There were murmurs of disbelief as Stevenson spoke.  
David looked over at Aafre. The veins in his neck were throbbing and his face was becoming redder by the minute. He knew that he was angry, very angry. Suddenly, he looked over at David and snarled, “Kill the feed; kill it now!”
David hurriedly did so and the screen went blank. Aafre stood and walked to the podium and said to the audience. “In light of all these new developments we are canceling for new the rest of the meeting today. We will notify you as soon as we can on when we plan on reconvening. We need to sort through what we have just seen and heard.”  
Aafre hurriedly left the stage and motioned for David to follow him.   
Chapter 55 
4:-05 PM CST Bear News Helicopter, somewhere over Kansas City, Missouri 
True to John’s word, the helicopter was waiting on the roof. They had just touched down at MCI in Kansas City.  
As soon as the helicopter landed on the tarmac, Veronica rushed them inside a private hangar where an eight seat Citation II Bravo Jet was warming up. Stevenson, his wife, son and the Secret Service agent, along with Veronica and Enoch, climbed aboard.  
Veronica closed the cabin door then told the pilots everything was secure. Within moments, the jet taxied out of the hangar. Three minutes later, they were airborne.  
Enoch asked Veronica where they were going and she replied, “The safest place in the world right now is Israel.”
“But that’s about seven-thousand miles from here,” Enoch said. 
“We have a flight plan that will work, Enoch. We are flying to Cuba, and then change to a plane that will take us to Israel.”  
Stevenson sitting beside his wife asked, “Why Israel, Veronica?”  
“That is the only safe place in the world right now, Mr. Stevenson. Like the Witnesses, Israel has God’s protection for the next three plus years. In a few days, Elijah will approach the Israeli government about you. They will listen.”  
“Do you then have plans for me?” 
“Definitely, President Stevenson, you are going on worldwide underground radio and television as a spokesperson for God and Jesus Christ. You and your family will be safe. And I would like to let you know I have spoken to Elijah…he welcomes your support.”  
Stevenson sighed, then smiled and said, “My best attribute is speaking and I know a lot of their plans for world domination. I will be able to help, and I am looking forward to it.”  
“You could see the confidence returning to Stevenson as he leaned back in his chair. He grabbed his wife’s hand and squeezed it. Enoch noticed that he was still smiling as he heard him quietly say to himself, “I will get you Aafre. I will get you for this.”  
Enoch looked at his watch and realized that about now, Bear was broadcasting the tape. They were safe; at least for now.  












Chapter 56
4:10 PM Friday Waldger Suites, Center City, Kansas City. Missouri
We went directly to Waldger’s suite where two men met him. David knew one of them. He was the man who he had charged with keeping track of Enoch earlier in the week. The other, he had never seen before. As Aafre shook hands with them, he turned to David then said, “David, I need you to go to Robert Cain’s suite and bring him here immediately. Please tell him to dress appropriately.”  
“Yes sir.”  
“Oh, David, I also need you to call my contact, Danny Williams at the Justice Department of the United States in DC. Tell him I need a federal judge here in Kansas City who can administer the Oath of Office to Speaker Cain. He will understand what I want. Also, call this number.” 
He moved to his desk, opened a drawer, and pulled out a ledger. Opening it, he scanned down a page, then took a pen and wrote down a number and handed it to David. Then he said, “This is a direct link to The Network. Please tell them that within an hour, no more than two hours, I want a crew here to document the swearing in of Cain. Got it?”
“Yes sir. Let me make sure I have it right. Go to Cain’s suite and get him ready. Call the Justice Department for a federal judge; and then contact the network.” 
“Yes, you have it right, David. I want this all done within the next hour or two. Oh, and when you are through, assemble all the delegates in the conference room; say in an hour and a half…no, two hours. I want them to watch the swearing in of Cain. Now, if you will excuse me, I have some other business to conduct with these men.” 
“Yes sir,” David replied as he grabbed his laptop and left to find the Speaker of the House, Robert Cain. He would soon be President of the United States. 
Chapter 57 
4:25 PM Friday Waldger Suites, Center City, Kansas City, Missouri
After David left, Aafre turned to the two other men in his suite. “Well, where did he go? Does anyone know?” he asked them.
“Yes, sort of, sir. Evidently, there was a waiting helicopter on the roof here at Center City, which is registered to Bear News. It then flew to MCI airport and then they boarded a private eight seat Citation Jet. They then took off. According to the flight plan they were flying to New York, but it appears the jet headed south, presumably out of the country.”  
“Do either of you have any idea where they may be headed?” 
“Well the craft they took only has a two thousand mile range. With that range, they could reach Mexico, or some of the Caribbean islands. Our best guess would be Cuba…most likely Cuba, since the US does not have any diplomatic relations with them. The Cubans will not say anything if they go there. Cash is king and the right connections can get you anything, even a military transport. We should assume that their destination, wherever it might be, this could be the first stop. Cuba or wherever they go first will be used only as a hop-off place.” 
“When did they leave?”
“They left about an hour before the broadcast of Stevenson’s speech by Bear News. They evidently taped his speech then delayed broadcasting it. A copy of the resignation letter was sent by courier to the Justice Department and the Secretary of State at about the same time.” 
“That was smart of them, gave them a good head start. Who went with them?” 
“Best we can tell so far is Stevenson, his wife, son, and his personal bodyguard; the Secret Service agent we tried to replace last year. You remember he was in Stevenson’s pocket not ours. Also that woman, Veronica, and then surprisingly enough, Enoch was with them.”  
“Enoch went with them?”
“Yes, he did.”  
“Smart man,” Aafre said. 
Aafre was thinking that Enoch well knew that he could not and would not interfere with him. Therefore, he was protecting Stevenson, and that meant that they were most likely on their way to Israel. It was a logical choice, for then Elijah would also help protect him. He was sure of it. 
Aloud he said to the men, “Keep tabs on them if you can. Get a hold of our man in Israel. Tell him to watch for them. I am sure Israel is their destination. Tell him unlike last time, do not interfere with whatever they are doing, at least for now. They are free to go wherever they please. Now, once again, do not interfere with them. My orders are to only keep tabs on them. Explain that to our man in Israel.”
“Yes sir, we will convey the information to the appropriate persons. Is that all, sir?”
“For now, yes, that is all.”
They stood and left the room while Aafre sat down at his desk. He smiled as he thought that not all plans ever go as expected but the result was the same. He had not planned to let Stevenson live much longer but then he had managed to manipulate the system to get Cain in as President. For the first time since 1899, the Speaker would become President in just a few more minutes. Now there would be no problem in forming the ‘New Order.’ The US would fully cooperate and then the process of world consolidation would move forward.  
 
Chapter 58 
12:25 AM Saturday Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein’s underground bunker, Jerusalem, Israel
“Sorry it is so late but the issues confronting us right now require an immediate response and action.” David said to the assembled members of his administration.  
“First on our agenda, which keeps changing hourly,…we all know the U.S. Vice President was killed in a crash with his family on the way to Cheyenne Mountain. As we know, the US is temporarily moving the government to Cheyenne Mountain in light of the imminent hurricanes, which was his destination. The second shocking item that we just watched on American television is of President Stevenson’s resignation. As we all heard, he resigned in protest over what he feels is a takeover of world governments. He claims the financier, Aafre Waldger, is trying to create a one-world government. On another note, according to our sources, Stevenson has left the country. He is en-route to an undisclosed location. There are some rumors that maybe he is headed here, to Israel. But if so, I have no information to support this claim.”  
David stopped speaking. Like the others in his administration, he was shocked at Stevenson’s press conference and resignation. It must be a really, really, bad situation, he thought. Obviously, Stevenson felt that he and his family were in danger. Now in the very short period of a few days, the world’s Geo Politics had been turned upside down. All this had been caused by Enoch, and of course, Elijah.  
He then said to no one in particular, “Of course we still have our own problems thanks to the Iranians attacking us. It appears they did try to attack us but somehow blew up the Temple Mount instead. According to the information I have there is nothing left but rubble. This of course now puts us into a situation where we either work with the Jordanian government to let them rebuild or we take the opportunity, as Elijah told us, and rebuild the Temple.”
No one said anything so he continued. “General Schwartz can you bring us up to date as to what really happened at the Temple Mount, and what our military situation is right now. Additionally, feel free if you have any additional comments or information since our conversation a few hours ago, regarding the Iranian attack.”
“Nothing has changed since then, David. As for now, all we can ascertain is they either had a malfunction or God Himself changed the trajectories of the missiles.”  
“Is that what you believe, General, that God changed the course of the missiles?” David asked.
The General’s face took on a look of I screwed up. He should not have said what he did about God. He looked around the room unsure of the religious views of all those attending. He took stock of them quickly before he answered David’s question, looking specifically at Meyer Branlin. The General knew that he was not a believer in anything but power. He quickly glanced at Shlomo Mendel, the Minister of Defense, and Rabbi Benjamin Hagen of the Sephardi. All had blank looks on their faces. He was still not sure who would believe what he felt was the only answer.  
He finally decided on a course of action and said, “David, all I can tell you is what we saw from the computers tracking the incoming missiles. Their original course should have hit our government buildings. However, a change in course then put the brakes on. They made a turn, went up then straight down. That, David, is not possible under any circumstances. Maybe the software they used had an error but missile engines do not make 45-degree turns then move up then go straight down. So if anyone here has any other ideas of what may have happened, I am all ears.”  
After a few moments of silence David said, “Before we go any further we received this video from the cameraman that works for the Bear affiliate here, in Saudi Arabia. Bear sent a crew here and they were at the site filming Elijah when the missiles hit. I want you to see the footage. It occurs a minute or two before impact. What it shows is Yona, our other Chief Rabbi, and Elijah at the entrance near the wall. Please watch the video and let’s see if you see what I saw.” David then hit the play button on the remote. The video started playing.
What they saw was Elijah looking up to the sky, then motioning to Yona to look up at the sky…apparently at what he was looking at. Then using his right hand, he pointed. His hand seemed to be moving in sequence, tracking what was occurring in the sky. Was he tracking the incoming missiles with his hand? His hand and gaze were very steady. He appeared to be talking to the sky and his gaze never wavered. His hands continued to point to where the missiles appeared to be. Slowly, in concert with his hand movements, he started backing towards the wall. Suddenly he dropped his hand as he grabbed Yona and pulled him to the wall, pushing him to the ground. Elijah then shielded him with his body as he stretched out his robe over them both.  
The blast hit immediately and the camera evidently fell from the camera operator’s hands and onto the stones, probably as a result of the blast. After a few moments, it was picked up and pointed in the direction of the top of the Mount. They saw the debris raining down from the top along with the fires. They heard the camera operator say, “Oh God, they have destroyed the Dome.”  
David clicked off the monitor then addressed the men again, “If you have another theory from what you just saw, then please speak up.” He paused, and then continued, “As much as I find all this difficult to believe…I think Elijah was directing those missiles from the ground with his hands. How he could do that I do not know…but then how did he and Enoch walk in thin air. I for one agree with General Schwartz that there is no other explanation for this.”
David stopped, slowly looking at his staff, one at a time. He looked down at the conference table then muttered; “Now I have said it. Are there any additional comments or theories?”
No one said anything for a few moments then Meyer spoke up, “All due respect, Prime Minister, Elijah could have just been pointing up and saw the missiles coming in and been in awe or even fear. I mean, he wasted no time seeking shelter against the wall prior to the impact of the missiles, like any other mortal man. In addition, I am sorry, but I am not a great believer in supernatural beings, or even this Elijah. This man has been among us as long as I can remember and he lived like a hermit in a cave out in the middle of nowhere. Now he is Elijah. No, as far as I am concerned, he is still Shraya of the desert and nothing more than a nutcase. There has to be another explanation for this, David. I cannot accept your opinion of these events. Sorry, but that is what I think.” 
“Thank you for your opinion, Meyer,” David replied, “However, too many things have occurred since Monday with Jack South, now called Enoch; and his predictions or prophecies are all coming true. Elijah himself sat in my office last night saying we needed to rebuild the Temple. I said we could not destroy the Mount and he said he would do it himself. Now it appears he has done it.”  
He paused, remembering Elijah’s exact words, and then said to Meyer, specifically, “Meyer, you remember when we asked him how we were supposed to rebuild the Temple? Remember we asked him how he expected us to do it without causing problems with our enemies and even our allies?”  
David stopped, then looked at Benjamin instead of Meyer, and said, “‘I will do it myself,’ that is what he said; and you know what, that is what he did. Moreover, let me remind you, someone else will get the blame. Not us!”  
David leaned back in his chair. He was worried they would think he had gone off the deep end. Maybe he had. He continued, “Now the Temple Mount no longer exists as it did and the only,” he emphasized ‘only’, “person there was Elijah, and of course, Yona. I am now inclined…no I am not inclined…I believe, that he is from God and that he is Elijah and we need to listen to him.”  
The room was silent once again, and then Rabbi Benjamin said, “David, in our history, we have had many false prophets and claims of the Jewish Messiah. The most famous of course was Jesus of Nazareth, and another twenty-two since then. Many of them had Jewish followers. Most recently, there was Menachem Mendel Schneerson, a Chabad Rabbi, who tried to prepare the way for the Messiah. Many believed he was the Messiah. But as our faith requires, they all failed the test of being either a prophet or a Messiah.”  
He stopped speaking to allow them time to think about what he had said, then continued, “Unlike Yona, my counterpart, who I believe thinks as you do, David, I am not one hundred percent convinced that he is Elijah. Even though I am sure you would like a consensus between the Chief Rabbinates, I tend to agree with Meyer. The reason for my indecision lies simply in the fact that I have known of Shraya in the past. He was wild, and in the eyes of some, including me, crazy. He surely was not proclaiming to be Elijah at that time. I think we need to wait and see what happens next…what he does or does not do. We need to observe him and see if he can pass the test of the prophet.”
“What would you suggest then, Rabbi? Since you’re the expert, how do we test him?” David said, somewhat contemptuously. “And what of this other witness, Enoch? What of the insanity of the world in less than a few days?”   
“David, we should wait and see,” Benjamin replied, in a tone as if he was talking to a child. This annoyed David. “This depends on what he does between now and the next few days or so, before we anoint him a prophet. If he really is the Prophet Elijah, our laws do bind us to our prophets. But before we disband the government and turn the country over to him, I suggest we really make sure we are right, and not just want to be right.” 
David looked at the Rabbi and was surprised that Benjamin was not all in for Elijah, for he was sure Yona was. He had expected that Meyer would disagree. He was a very mean man and power hungry. However, the Nation of Israel needed men like him whom their enemies feared and even some members of the government itself. Well nothing was going to be resolved this late anyway so he changed the subject. 
“Let’s table this discussion about Elijah for now and discuss the Iranians attacking us, for I am sure that that was their intent. Moreover, based on the computer tracking analysis they intended on hitting our government buildings and one of our military bases. We also know that they have not said anything about the attack. Normally they would be in the streets celebrating about how they hurt us. That has not happened. Now it appears there are not any more missiles, aircraft, or troop movement from their side. As all of you know, we made the decision for now not to counterattack. The reason for that decision was that there were no additional incoming missiles, planes, and or troop movements. Not only Iran but also our other enemies have also not made a move. Even Hamas hasn’t made any hostile moves…any comments?”
With no hesitation, Meyer said, “I think we should blow them off the face of the Earth. We have a chance to respond since they made the first move and we could have caused major damage to them. We were always looking for a way to hit their uranium enrichment sites. All you would have to do, David, is giving the command and that is what we would have done.”  
He paused for effect smirking at the Prime Minister, then continued his plea, “You could still give the order right now to attack them. In the eyes of the world it would be well within our rights to protect our country.” He sat back smiling in his chair, thinking he had scored some points with the others.  
“Thank you for your input, Meyer. That option is still on the table and still under consideration.”  
“Shlomo, what is your take on this?” David asked. 
“I think, David that we wait and see what they say or do. Right now, we have everything to lose. The reality of it is they attacked the Mount, which technically is not our territory. It is under the Jordanian’s authority, so that is who they attacked, not us. Even though we know that, somehow, someway they made an error and that was not their target; whether by this Elijah’s interference or some aberration, something caused the missiles to hit the Mount. That is their fault, not ours. They are now receiving criticism from their own allies. We need to just sit and watch. That is my opinion.” 
“I agree,” Shlomo, replied, “They have done a lot of damage to themselves politically in the Arab world. If we attack then now they may be able to rally the Arabs and the Muslim against us. If we do nothing then Iran must explain themselves to their allies, including the Russians and the Chinese. That will buy us time. Also keep in mind; we do not have the Americans to back us up. We would need their backing if we were to get aggressive.”
Getting no response from anyone else, David asked, “So does anyone else have any other ideas or comments?”  
No one spoke. 
“We are agreed then. I want to make something very clear to everyone here. If we see one Iranian aircraft cross our border, then we hit them and hit them hard, short of nuclear missiles. I would want their capital leveled. However, I doubt if they will take that chance now. Do we have an understanding?”
They all affirmed then I said, “We will meet again tomorrow after the Knesset, and the Judiciary get together. I am sure we will have more input, both positive and negative, from the other arms of government about Elijah.”  
“Now regarding the United States it is my understanding that they will be swearing in the Speaker of the House, Robert Cain very soon. We know very little about him. This is the first time in history, if I have my facts correct, that the Speaker has ascended to their Presidency.” 
He paused, searching for the right words, and then said, “Since we know very little about him try and get a complete dossier on Cain as quickly as you can Meyer. In our next meeting, we will discuss what we have to deal with politically. I will need to call him soon to congratulate him and feel him out as to his views on Israel. Beforehand though we need a bit more knowledge.”
“So you know, David, we already have quite a bit of information on him. We collect information on any and all American politicians as a course of everyday business,” Meyer replied.  
“Good, I would appreciate you making this a priority to get me what you have and anything else you can dig up.”
As everyone stood to leave, David had a thought, “Please give me a moment before you leave. I just thought of something that may be important, regarding Elijah.”  
They all sat back down, while the Prime Minister remained standing. “Remember when Elijah said that any country that attacked Israel would be afflicted with a plague of locusts?”  
“Yes,” Benjamin replied, “That is what he said on the broadcast in the U.S.” 
“Good, then we all agree that he said that. Therefore, here is my thought. If for some reason Iran has a locust problem any time soon, I think that may well remove any doubts about Elijah. Would you agree, Benjamin?”
“Well…yes, David, that might well do it.”
“Good,” the Prime Minister replied.
“Shlomo?”
“Yes, David, that would surely make the decision easier.”
“Meyer?”
“No, this is still bullshit.” 
“Ok Meyer, I understand your obstinacy. I really believe that if Adonai Himself came down and talked to you from a burning bush you would not believe.” 
Frustrated by Meyer, David said to the group, “That’s all for now; I think we have a lot to do and think about.”  
Everyone stood, there was some small talk, then David went over to Chief General of Staff Jacob Schwartz and said to him quietly, “Find Elijah and bring him here, and Yona also. In addition, General, keep your eyes and ears open, for I do not trust either Meyer or Rabbi Benjamin. Keep them away from the “go” button that might start a war we do not want. We need to keep them out of the loop for a while until I can talk to the leaders at the Knesset and sort some of this out. The bottom line, General, I really do not trust them.”  
I understand, David, I will do as you request. I know where Elijah is, for he had not moved from the Temple Mount and I assume he is still there.  
Thanks General, I knew I could count on you. I need to speak to him as soon as possible.  
Chapter 59
6:00 PM Friday, Somewhere over the Gulf of Mexico.  
The flight was very quiet. No one had said anything since they took off from Kansas City. As for Enoch’s trip through the American plains, that had changed, for now. It seemed the plans were changing almost hourly. 
Enoch got up and walked back to where Veronica was seated. She, like everyone else on the plane, was just staring out the window. He sat down in the empty seat beside her. 
“I am not an expert on planes, so I would assume we need to land soon and either refuel or get another plane?” he asked.
“We should be landing in Cuba in a few minutes. There is another jet that we will be transferring to…it has the range we need. It is already on the tarmac, fueled and ready to go. Say, within about a half an hour or so.”   
“Any issues with the Cuban Government over this?” 
“No, shouldn’t be. I have had to do this before in another lifetime. Money is king in Cuba, especially American Dollars. They look the other way and are very accommodating.” 
“So where are we actually going, if I may ask?” 
“Israel Enoch, back to Israel. I have already told you this.”  
“Where in Israel? Is there another round with Mossad coming up?”
“You are asking way too many questions, Enoch. What we are doing is going to Israel where Elijah will meet us. With both you and Elijah there, no one will bother us.”  
“Any political considerations?” 
“At this time America has too many other issues and Aafre and his puppets will leave Stevenson alone for now, I am sure. We can also use Stevenson, for he will be quite the propaganda machine that we will need very soon.”  
The seatbelts lights lit up then. The pilot came on and announced that they had been cleared to land in Havana.  
Veronica was very resourceful, Enoch had to admit to himself, as he buckled in for landing.  
Chapter 60 
6:00 PM Friday Bear News Affiliate, Kansas City, Missouri 
They had just received word that Robert Cain would be sworn in as President in about an hour or so. The Network was handling the feed, so Bear would be tapping in soon.  
They were in the conference room, which had a whiteboard displaying a list of stories they were following, trying to determine how they were going to arrange them in order of importance for the newscast coming up soon.  
The board showed the following information:  
Robert Cain swearing in 
First Speaker of the House ever sworn in as President 
Background of Cain and his policies 
Possible candidates for Vice President 
Former President Stevenson resigns claiming fear of life endangerment
Government takeover by The Waldger Group or other forces also cited as reasons for resigning. 
Religious issues with the now ex-president.    
First President to resign without any prior notice of issues at hand e.g. Nixon 
Where is he, where did he go?  
What will he be doing? 
California Disaster 
Refugee FEMA camps 
Unable to get reporters into camps 
Hurricane Alex and other six coming 
Houston Evacuation 
Biloxi Evacuation
New York Stock market moving 
Major corporations moving 
Issue of housing for millions of people
Washington DC 
Government moving to Cheyenne Mountain 
National treasures being moved 
Military mobilizing to affected areas 
Martial law 
Rains over Northern Africa and Southeast Asia 
Destruction of Israel’s Dome of the Rock by Iranians 
Rebuild Temple 
Counter attack by Israel 
Loss of face by Iranians in Muslim World 
Where has Enoch disappeared to?  
What are Elijah and the Israelis planning? 
Funeral for Vice President
State funeral plans with Washington closing down. 
Would have been President if still alive 
How did plane crash occur? 
Other victims on-board 
Death of the Pope and his funeral 
Legacy 
Possible successors 
Conclave starting to travel to the Vatican 
It covered three boards in the conference room, an unbelievable amount of news. All of the Bear news staff was pouring over data, making notes, trying to verify certain aspects of the news stories. Others were checking internet feeds and blogs for a pulse in not only America’s thoughts, but also the reactions from other countries.  
“Well, one thing I can promise you, I just know we will be adding to this list and more and more and more by tomorrow,” John said to Don.
“I know John, but right now, we need to prioritize these and get them down to about two, maybe three hours. We are going to have to pre-empt our regular prime-time shows for a few days. We are now almost becoming a twenty-four hour news machine.”  
“Yes that we are. In addition, I think we need to come up with some sort of schedule for my two co-anchors because I cannot stay up twenty-four seven. To be honest, I don’t think either Enoch or Elijah are going to give us a minute of rest. I really believe that their goal is total chaos in the world. That means every day it will be something new…every day!”  






























Chapter 61 
6:15 PM Friday Aafre Waldger’s Suite, Center City Plaza in Kansas City 
Robert Cain had arrived at Waldger’s suite just a few minutes earlier. During this, time The Network’s crew had already set up the living room for the broadcast. In just a few minutes, the swearing in of Robert Cain as the new President of the United States would occur.
A backdrop had been put up behind the area that was to be used for the swearing in. It would have a superimposed picture of the Capitol in Washington DC. Since former President Stevenson had recently accused the Waldger Group of conspiracy, it was felt that it would not be in their best interest to let people know that the ceremony was being broadcast from Aafre’s suite.  
A federal judge had been located and brought to the suite and was patiently waiting for the ceremony to begin. She had a copy of the Oath of Office and seemed to be memorizing it as she held the paper. They had picked Eloise Rathers on purpose. She was close to retirement and becoming senile. Even though she was a Federal Judge, she did very little and was more of a leftover ornament in the system. The general belief as she would have little to say about the ceremony and if she were to be asked about it later, she would have probably forgotten most of it anyway.  
A podium had been brought in bearing the seal of the President of the United States. Cain would be making a short speech of about five minutes to the American Public and the world. Aafre suggested that they not get too technical but do more like Johnson when he arrived in Washington DC after the Kennedy assassination. This meant including things like continuity, sticking together, and not changing the members of the Cabinet, etcetera…short and sweet.  
As they were making the final changes on the equipment and props, a well-dressed man walked into the suite. By all accounts, he was incredibly good-looking and obviously well bred. He walked up to the security guard and said, “Please tell Aafre that I am here.” 
The security guard asked, “Whom may I say you are, sir?”
The man smiled as he replied, “Tell him Cain’s father is here, please.” 
“Uh, sure, uh yes sir. Please wait here,” the guard stammered as he directed the man to a chair near the door.    
The security guard then said to his associate, “I will be right back; keep your eye on this man.”  























Chapter 62
6:18 PM Friday Aafre Waldger Suites, Center City, Kansas City Missouri 
“Mr. Waldger, sir,” the security man said to Aafre who was seated on the couch speaking with Cain, “There is a very well dressed gentleman here to see you and  he said…,” he paused, hoping he had not screwed up by interrupting, “that he is Mr. Cain’s father?”  
“He did, did he?” Aafre turned to him and smiled.  
“Please go back and tell him I will be with him shortly.” 
As the security guard left, he turned to Cain, “Well, let’s go see your father. I have wanted to talk to him for some time lately.”  
They rose and walked across the room over to the door where the man was seated. Aafre walked up, put out his hand as he said, “Welcome, Sir Jordan Devon, how nice to see you again. We were hoping you would make it.”  
“I would not miss it for the world, Aafre. I literally flew here as quickly as I could.”  
Aafre looked at him as he thought, all the way from Europe in less than an hour. He shook his head in disbelief then said, “Great Sir, we are happy you are here and I am sure Robert here is also.” 
“Cain was smiling as he took his father’s hand and shook it.”  
“We have a few minutes till the swearing in, don’t we?” Jordan asked.
“Yes,” Aafre replied. 
“Good, why don’t we all talk a bit Aafre…someplace private?”  
Aafre cocked his head then said, “We can use the bedroom. Please follow me.”  
They walked into one of the bedrooms. The security guard standing outside the door was told to stay outside the door and not let anyone in. Aafre, Robert, and Jordan walked in and closed the door behind them. Aafre moved over to the couch by the bed and Robert followed. Jordan pulled a chair out from the desk and placed it directly in front of Aafre backwards, with the back support facing the other man. Then he folded his six foot six inch frame onto the chair, sitting cross-legged with his hands on the back of the chair. He then rested his chin on his hands and looked directly into Aafre’s eyes. 
“Almost screwed up the plans, this Stevenson, didn’t he Azazel?”  
“Yes, Master.”  
Jordan’s bright blue eyes bored into Aafre, and he could feel the fear rising up in him. On earth, he was the only one who could instill fear in Aafre or Azazel, his real name. He knew that Aafre was afraid of him, no terrified, and that was what he wanted. Since the beginning of time, he had been afraid of him. Even before the expulsion.  
“This of course is not insurmountable, but we wanted Stevenson to take the blame for the mess in America then Robert here would be almost like a savior. Now he is going to have to be the savior with a big mess caused by the prophets Enoch and Elijah. So what did you say to Stevenson that he would call your organization evil and say he didn’t want to go to hell?”  
“I just was trying to keep him in line, that’s all. He was becoming too independent.”  
Jordan kept staring into Azazel’s eyes; boring into him, causing what he knew was extreme pain, which is what he wanted. 
He then lifted his head from his palms and said, “The damage is done, Azazel; but the way it was supposed to have happened was for you to have Stevenson appoint Robert to the Vice President position after the death of the now dead VP. Then, after things had settled down, Stevenson would in turn be assassinated by the supporters of Enoch and Elijah, allegedly. Then Robert here would become President. Cain would straighten out the U.S. and join the Europeans group and eventually be elected their leader and so on. Sort of like that Johnson fellow after the Kennedy assassination, which we orchestrated. Everyone was so busy with the death of a President they paid no heed to him, at least for a while.” 
“I understand, Master,” Azazel replied. “What would you suggest we do right now, sir?” 
Robert interrupted then, taking both Azazel and Jordan by surprise, “Father, I can handle it. Your training has more than prepared me for this assignment. I am ready now. I will figure out a way to win men’s hearts over these prophets. You have taught me well. Man’s greed exceeds his need for anything else. Very soon, as we have planned, all will be more than willing to join us. The plan will continue forward as we have always agreed on. Maybe now with a few twists we did not plan on. However, in my opinion, Stevenson is not an issue.  
“How, may I ask, are you going to do this?” Jordan asked.  
“First, we will not implement martial law, or at least not nationwide. Secondly, we will provide more help for the refugees. Thirdly, Azazel here will provide economic relief to the United States through the Europeans. We will weather these hurricanes and this California disaster. We will accommodate the Witnesses for a time, allowing them to preach their message without interference for a while. Then maybe they will not call upon their God to cause more havoc at least for a while. This will also give the people some time to forget what Stevenson said. We will move forward with our plan but just a bit slower than our original schedule. This will only set us back a few months, at most. We will also delay the changing of the teachings of the church until all hate Enoch and Elijah. At the rate they are going this will not take long.”  
Robert paused, and then his father said, “Well, go on.”
“Then, when I feel it is time we will have a meeting of the revived Roman Empire and I will grant sovereignty of the United States to them. I will then be elected as their new leader as was the plan originally. Then we will start to prepare the world for the invasion of Jesus. In the meantime, we will continue to discredit these Witnesses to minimize their effect on us.” 
“So Cain, you are telling me that you will not lose your temper and go after Enoch, Elijah and their supporters without thinking through your actions? Is that what you are saying?”
“Yes.” 
“You know, Cain, your temper is an issue that goes back to the beginning. Therefore, you are saying that you will maintain and use your power sparingly and not cause a problem…right?”
“Yes, I can and will control my temper.”  
Jordan stopped speaking and just looked at Cain. During the pause in conversation, he thought back to the day when Cain had killed his half-brother, Abel. He had made that choice, not Lucifer. By doing so, he had changed the face of humanity forever. Fortunately, he had taken his punishment in stride and moved on. He smiled as he thought, yes, he can handle it on his own. Jordan looked up at the ceiling, gazing, as if through it to the heavens. He knew He would hear him. He heard everything Jordan said. While still looking up, he said, “You sent your son to the world and he failed. Now it is my son’s time and he will not fail.”    
Then he looked back at Cain and said, “I then pass the title for Earth to you, Cain. Your decisions, your word, will now be the way the world will obey. You have not much time for it is less than seven years before their return. Prepare for battle my son. Make your choices, and make them wisely.”  
“Yes, father, I will,” Cain replied.  
Jordan then turned to Azazel and said, “From this point forward, anything you do, anything you plan, will go through Cain first. Do you understand Azazel?”
Azazel bowed his head looking at the floor, not wanting to look into Jordan’s eyes again, “Yes, master.” 
“Good, I know you will obey.”  
“I guess we get to watch Cain sworn in as the most powerful man on earth. Oh, I almost forgot something,” Jordan said. 
He looked at the ring of gold with aquamarine setting, and red garnets embedded in it, which he wore on his finger. This ring had actually been given to him by the council, prior to the battle with Michael. It symbolized his good work managing the mines, and was a reminder of his former status as ruler of the earth. He realized it was now time to give it to Cain. The ring also had special attributes. He took the ring off the finger of his left hand and handed it to Cain. 
“This ring was given to me by the one they call their God. I have had it for all time. It is now yours, son. Wear it proudly, and never take it off. It has special powers. If ever asked about it, proudly say it was a gift from your father.” 
Cain took the ring placed in on his finger.  
Jordan then kneeled down in front of his son, and reaching for his hand pulled it close to his mouth. Then he kissed the ring.   

Chapter 63
7:00 PM, Friday Aafre Waldger’s Suites, Center City, Kansas City, Missouri 
The Network’s producer lined up Robert Cain, his father, Sir Jordan Devon, and Jamal Jones, Director of Homeland Security. The Judge was placed in front of them. Once they felt it was good to go and the cameras were set they cut away to The Network in New York. Brad Williams came onto the television screens across the globe and said, “Ladies and gentlemen of the world, we are going to cut away to Kansas City where the Speaker of the House, Robert Cain, will be sworn in as America’s next president. Now I understand they are ready, so we will be going live right about now.”  
The broadcast cut to the suite at Center City where the Federal Judge was instructing Robert Cain to place his right hand on the Bible being held by Jamal and repeat after her.  
	“I do solemnly swear…,” she said.
	“I do solemnly swear…,” Cain repeated. 
“That I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States….”
“That I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States….”
“And will, to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.”
“And will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.”
“Congratulations, Mr. President,” the Judge said. 
She paused as she looked at the Bible now in her hands, after it was handed back to her at the end of the ceremony. She kept staring at it and could not seem to let go of it. She could feel the book warming then becoming hot, like fire scorching her hand. She could then smell the flesh on her hand start to burn, then blister. She dropped the Bible to the floor, screamed, then fell to the floor. She lifted her hands in the air, still screaming in pain as she lay on the floor. Suddenly, she stopped. She looked up, staring at Cain. Her eyes were wide open and her mouth opened as if to say something, but then her head dropped back and banged onto the floor as her whole body fell limp.  
Cain reached down, put his hand against her neck and not feeling a pulse, he then gingerly picked up the Bible she had dropped. He could see the burnt skin that had attached itself to the Bible’s cover and could still feel the heat. He handed it to his father and said, “The Judge appeared to have died.”  
Sir Jordan Devon kneeled down and lifted her hands, which had held the Bible, and saw that they were both scorched and blistering. “She must have been quite frail,” he replied.  
He looked toward the ceiling and smiled as he said to no one in particular, “Always grandstanding, aren’t you?” He laughed then, shaking his head in dis-belief.  
Fortunately, the broadcast was not live and on tape delay. The broadcast after Cain finished the oath was filled with a previous picture taken of him with overlays and applause. The public never saw what had happened to the Judge.  

	
 













Chapter 64
7:00 AM Saturday Tehran, Iran Supreme Leader’s Palace
“The West is asleep for now. We need to decide what we are going to say about last night. Already, this morning, Al Jazeera has started saying that we think that we are the leaders of the Arab world and that we are nothing but power-hungry warmongers. Our strategy has obviously not worked. The reason is that the missiles that we launched somehow destroyed the Dome. How that happened, I still do not understand.”
“President Shasahvar, we still do not know how that happened,” Major General Amir said. “Maybe the Israelis have a new weapon that can change the direction of missiles. I do not know. Maybe their God did it. I do not know. What I do know is we need to come up with something to say that is rational. In addition, I am not sure if you noticed this or not, but the sun is shining today. We are in the area of the threat from the Witnesses and it is still raining everywhere else but in Iran. It is bright and sunny and very warm.”  
“What does the weather have to do with the situation we are in right now, Amir?”
“Nothing, but I thought it was strange for this Witness is never wrong, and he said rain for thirty days, but the sun is shining. But in the back of my mind, I am concerned about the threat made by this Elijah last Thursday night on American TV.”
“And what was that, Amir?”
“Well, he said that if anyone attacked Israel he would send swarms of locusts to that country and it would destroy the crops and all green things. So since that could not happen unless the rain stopped,” he paused, thinking better about saying what he really thought. Instead, he said, “I just found it strange that the sun is shining instead of rain.”
“I think that is rubbish, Amir. He does not have that type of power.”  
“Well, neither does he have the power to make it rain. Moreover, I am not able to discount that this Elijah may have had something to do with the missiles going off track and hitting the Dome. Maybe he has that power…from his God.”
“Amir, you are very close to the edge of being ridiculous in your thoughts. This is the 21st Century. It is not the days of desert dwellers and prophets. There are no prophets, and there are no gods here. All there is now is the world we live in and the struggle to make a place for yourself in it and survive in the best way you can. I do not believe in their Hebrew god or anything else resembling that. But I need facts, and I need answers, and supernatural thoughts are not what I want to hear!”  
“I have no answers, President Shasahvar. If I did I would give them to you; but I have none.” 
“So what do we tell the world?”
“That we screwed up, I guess, and deal with it from there.”  
“Not acceptable.”
“Then what do you tell them?”  
“Maybe spies are in our midst and the Israelis caused the missiles to be launched.”  
“Then we would really look foolish, for that is impossible. You and I both know this and I am sure that the world would laugh at us if we said this, as you suggested.”
“However, Amir, we could say that we have a group of renegade soldiers who did it internally. Arrest some that are assigned to the base and tell the world we caught them red-handed and executed them.”
“Execute innocent men to save face?”
“Yes, sometimes that is what you must do.”
“Very few will believe it.” 
“Well, do you have a better idea?” 
“Yes, just take responsibility for launching the missiles and blame the Israelis for hitting them with anti-ballistic missiles. We can say they hit them but they were not direct hits, which then caused them to go off course.”
“There is no proof.”
“Since when did we have proof of much of anything when it comes to these matters?”
“I see what you mean. All right, work out the details and release the information.”
“Yes sir.”  
“Now, what do we know of this new President in the United States, Cain? Also, any opinions as to why their former President went off the deep end and resigned?”
“Not one of us has any ideas. All I can say is that since Enoch and Elijah showed up as self-proclaimed prophets, the order of the world has changed. How can I say it…it’s…I guess just screwed up. Maybe the world has gone insane…for I really do not have a clue.  


Chapter 65
8:10 AM Saturday, Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein’s Office, Jerusalem, Israel
The Prime Minister had called together as many as he could for breakfast. Last night was a long night with not much sleep; but there was a lot to address. There was some small talk as they had coffee. His office had set up a small buffet of hardboiled eggs, chopped vegetable salad, semolina porridge, cheeses, fresh bread, fruit, and granola. They had done a good job on such short notice. As he pushed away from the plate, he heard someone say his name.  
“David, the Iranians just released a statement regarding the missile attack last night, stating that we managed to clip the missiles with our Iron Dome system. We all know this did not happen,” Chief of the General Staff of the IDF, Jacob Schwartz said.  
“Typical response for not taking responsibility for what they did,” David responded. “However, at least they took responsibility for attacking us. That is a step in the right direction. In addition, Jacob, the Americans have not called us; not one person from the State Department, nor the Secretary of State, Bill Krasner, or their new President. This is quite unusual for they would be trying to make sure that we used diplomatic channels and the UN, in lieu of a war with Iran. Not one word.”
“That is surprising to me also, for even when there are single rocket attacks from Hamas or the Palestinians, they are on the phone immediately. Have you tried to call them instead?”
“No, that would not be the thing to do. However, I did get a call from the Secretary General of the UN, Sir Arthur. He only said that he commended us for not retaliating immediately and that he would personally speak to the Security Council at the UN on our behalf and condemn Iran. He then said something very strange.”
“What was that, David?”
“Well, Jacob, he said very directly, and I quote, ‘When are you starting to build your Temple,’ end of quote.” 
“What did you tell him?”
“Not much. I basically said that I was not sure if the Jordanians wanted to try and rebuild the Dome or what our government felt they should do.”  
“Then…?”
“He said that we should take advantage of the situation for if we did not build now we would not have the chance again for hundreds or thousands of years. He also said that the United Nations and most of the world would support our position to rebuild at this time.”
“That would make a lot of people in Israel very pleased, David, very pleased. But then, there are always those who would not be, for they feel that rebuilding the Temple marks the end of time itself.”  
“They may be right Jacob, they may be right. Now where are Yona and Elijah? I understood they were to be here by now.”  
“They should be here any minute, David. I know the army picked them up at the Temple about a half hour ago.”  
“Well, you can be sure that Elijah wants the Temple rebuilt; for as I watched that video last night of him before the blast, there is no doubt in my mind that he did it. I know it is hard to believe, but I know he did it. In addition, last night I read some verses in the Talmud about the old prophets and the government of Israel. I read especially on the many writings and opinions about the Prophet Elijah. I can tell you that based on what he did then, if he does the same thing now as when he was rebuked, it would not be in our best interest. Now, I think that he will influence our policies in this country until he chooses not to, one way or the other. For with Elijah, there is no diplomacy or give and take. It is do as he says or destruction of the individuals, and in some cases, countries. Just like the Prophet Nathan and David, my namesake, of the old writings. Nathan punished David for the debauchery with his general’s wife. I do not want to be in that position where I lose what David lost for not following instructions of a prophet of God.”
“Too bad Meyer is not here right now; he would be all over that statement and telling you that you are insane and that Elijah is a fraud.”
“Don’t think so. I know he is Elijah and not Shraya. He waited to tell us until the appearance of this other Witness, whom the Christians talk about in their version of the Bible.”  
“Prime Minister,” Carla said as she stuck her head into the crack of the door, “Rabbi Yona and Elijah are here with Director Meyer and Rabbi Benjamin.”  
“Please send them in Carla and thank you.”
“They are here Jacob, but who invited Meyer?”  
“I think he invited himself. He must have known we wanted to have them here so he probably told the army he would get them. No other explanation.”
The door opened and Elijah walked in, followed by Yona, Ben, and Meyer. 
Chapter 66
8:15 AM Saturday, Prime Minister, Svorad Zefirov’s Office, Kremlin, Moscow, Russia
“Yes, I agree that we should take the position of going along for now, Prime Minister Svorad,” Keveta said. The interpreter then translated his words into the telephone in Putonghua, a standardized form of Mandarin. Keveta was speaking to Lang Enlai, the Premier of China, through the speaker phone set up for the meeting.”
The interpreter then said to Svorad, “Prime Minister, the Chairman says that he also agrees and that he will instruct his ambassador to tell the Waldger Group that we are willing to try and expand the Shanghai Cooperative to include India, Japan, the Koreas, and of course, Vietnam. He also said that we needed to immediately set up a meeting and send invitations to these leaders. He also wants to know where we should hold the meeting…at least in your opinion.”
“Tell him, India. That way they will feel that they are a large part of the group and feed their ego. However, I think we are going to have issues with Japan for they are very much opposed to any cooperation with us. According to our ambassador, and what Sir Arthur told me, is that Aafre will speak to them. Better he break the news to them, for if it came from us first it would be an issue, for there is no friendship there.”  
The interpreter made the translation and then listened as the Premier responded. When he was through, the interpreter again translated for Svorad, “He said this is agreeable, and that they will make the initial calls to the countries we have discussed. He suggests that the meeting take place no later than next Wednesday. He wants to know if you could make arrangements on your end this quickly.”
“Tell him, definitely; just let us know the exact location and who the attendees will be as soon as possible. We need to make security arrangements for the President and myself.”
The interpreter made the translation over the phone. After the Premier spoke again, he translated his words to Svorad. 
“Liang wants to know what you are going to do about Iran and the missile attack and if maybe we should make a joint statement from the cooperative?”
Svorad thought about this for a moment.
“Early this morning, I spoke with President Shasahvar about what happened and he is at a loss for words. They were actually attacking government and military targets. Therefore, what we are going to do now is nothing. No support, no condemnation.”
The interpreter relayed his reply then listened to Liang.
“He does not understand why you are taking this stance but will discuss it with you next week at the Cooperative meeting. Also he asked if you were in agreement with releasing a statement to the press about the meeting, once he has the attendees agreeing to attend, of course.”
“Tell him that will be fine with us here. We will also mirror his press releases to the world at that time. This way, it will show that we are in concert.”  
The interpreter translated, nodding his head as he listened to Liang. Then he said to Svorad, “It is all set, sir, with the Chinese and Laing said he will talk in depth with you later at the meeting.”
“One more thing; ask him if he knows much about this new president, Cain and the insanity of what is happening in America.” Svorad said.  
The interpreter conveyed the message. Svorad could hear the change in the man’s voice as he waited to hear the response.  
After a few moments, the translator said, “He says that this is neither the time nor the place for this discussion. It appears that like us, they are quite perplexed. It almost seems as if the entire situation was, as he put it, ‘staged’ or directly caused by someone or something. He feels this subject needs to be discussed at the meeting, in private.”
“Tell him that I agree, for it makes no sense to me either.”  
The interpreter conveyed the message then finished the call. As was his custom, he stood to leave but Svorad stopped him and said, “Please make sure you are available at any time the next few days and also prepare for the trip we just discussed. As always, absolutely no one, and I mean no one, is to be made aware of this conversation other than you, the President and myself.”
“As always, I will do as you request, Prime Minister.” He turned and walked to the door and left the room.
Svorad looked over at President Keveta, “This is an unusual world we live in now is it not; devils, angels, aliens and chaos!”  
“We are not a religious nation, sir, but it appears what is really happening here is world repositioning because the Americans are temporarily being crippled. I would suggest that we keep our options open regarding all the parties involved. I do agree with the Chinese, though, of forcing Korea and Japan under our sphere.”  
“Yes, but control of our armies are not something I am willing to allow under any circumstances which seems to be Waldger’s long term plan. If they force our hand we could make the most powerful force on earth in manpower and weapons, with the Chinese on our side.”
“Yes, but they in turn, could destroy us too, as we have known since the end of World War II, especially with the American’s firepower. So, Svorad, I think we have made the right choice for now to appear to play to their tune. Sometimes the best politics is to wait until the other show their real purpose. As of right now, I am not at all sure what their purpose is.”  
“I agree, I agree, but in the meantime, we need to be vigilant and use our resources to find out if there are other purposes other than what we are being told. We are Russia and we do have ways to obtain information. Contact Vladimir Leshev and tell him to do what he deems necessary to obtain more information. At this point, I think he needs to run the department as we did when it was the real KGB, not this Federal Security Service. We need information. Tell him I said so.”
“Yes Keveta, I will tell him exactly as you just ‘stated’ it.”
Chapter 67
8:25 AM Saturday Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein’s Office, Jerusalem, Israel
David, always the host, suggested that Yona, Elijah, and Meyer have some breakfast. They agreed and filled their plates; then sat down at the conference table and started in on the food. 
David watched Elijah pick through his food; he did not seem very hungry. Yona wolfed his down. Meyer had taken only coffee and was sipping it.  
As they were finishing up, David addressed them, “I would like to thank all of you for coming here. As we all know there are serious considerations we need to discuss; especially in light of the attack on Israel last night by the Iranians, the death of the United States’ Vice President, the resignation of their President, and the latest issue of the new President, Cain.”  
Now he had their full attention as he continued. 
“With these developments, what I am saying is there are many unanswered questions that do not make any sense.” He then turned to Elijah and asked, “Do you have anything to add to the situation we have here?”
Suddenly, Meyer Branlin burst out in a very loud voice, almost screaming, “David, this man is a hermit and has nothing to do with the security of Israel! Nor does he have anything to do or say about our government. I am appalled that you would even consider speaking to him about our issues. This is almost treason on your part. We do not bring outsiders into our affairs, especially this…this desert dweller who many believe to be insane!”
David looked around the table. Rabbi Yona was looking down at the table. Rabbi Benjamin was smiling, but then Benjamin was an ally of Meyer’s. Meyer was staring hard at Elijah with a grim face. Jacob was also looking at Elijah, seemingly trying to anticipate what his reaction was going to be. David refocused then said, “Until you are head of state of the state of Israel, Meyer, you will take your direction from this office, and only from this office. If you wish, I can take whatever steps are necessary to remove you from your current post. I will not accept any more outbursts from you, and yes, you are being dressed down in front of your peers.”  
“I have friends in the Knesset, Prime Minister David Bernstein and they will not look favorably on your actions today!”  
“I am aware of where your strengths lie and what your opinions are, but right now I do not have time for your outlandish behavior. Now Meyer, please hold your tongue until I get the answers I want from Elijah. Do we have an understanding?”
“Yes,” Meyer replied with contempt and disgust. He then turned his head and his body slightly to the wall.
“Now Elijah,” David said, “I have asked you a question and I apologize for Director Branlin’s outburst, but I do understand his concerns. We do not usually have a prophet in our midst and we usually do not have Rabbis attending discussions regarding National Defense. With that said, I watched a video of you last night, which was shot by Bear News, in which you had your hand pointed to the sky just before impact at the Dome. So, were you just pointing at the missiles or what was it that you were you doing?”
“What do you think I was doing’? 
Always does that, David thought to himself. He puts the question right back at you.  
“It appears that you were directing the missiles with your hand, which I know is impossible…but then a lot of things that have happened over the past few days could be deemed impossible.”
“With the power of Adonai, Prime Minister, all things are possible. When His power is applied to humanity it, as you say, becomes a miracle of some sort.”
“So you, with Adonai’s power, redirected the missiles? Is that what you are saying?”
“Yes I did. The last time we were together, I told you we must rebuild the Temple and you had a concern about the politics of the world and destroying the Dome of the Rock. Therefore, the Iranians did it for you. So David, Israel no longer has any excuse not to rebuild the Temple and reclaim the Temple Mount.”
“It’s not that easy, Elijah. However, may I ask how you redirected the missiles?”
“Did you see my hands in the video, David?”
“Yes.”
“Then that is how I did it. With the power of Adonai I redirected them through my thoughts and prayers.”  
“Was that what you were doing when I saw your mouth moving, praying?”
“Yes, that is exactly what I was doing.”  
Meyer was sitting there shaking his head and then unable to contain himself any further, he blurted out, “This is absolutely impossible David; no one has that kind of power here on earth. This is insane!”
David, ignoring Meyer, asked, “Elijah, the other night on American television you said you would destroy any country that attacked Israel. If I remember correctly, you showed the locust to the viewers. Are you going to follow through with your threat?”
Elijah smiled then, which he rarely did as he replied, “Did you notice, David, that the rains have stopped in Iran? Of all the places that Enoch prophesied there would be non-stop rainfall, it has only stopped raining there. I stopped the rains. The locusts will not hatch without the heat to mature their eggs. Therefore, the rain had to stop. Nevertheless, within one, two, or maybe three days, they will arise from the ground. There will be millions of them David, similar to the plague wrought by Moses when he freed Israel from the Egyptians. He used the locusts to show Adonai’s power to the Pharaoh in Egypt. And yes, Iran will be devastated and their whole country will be consumed.”  
Meyer then said, “I will believe that when I see it.” 
Elijah then turned his head sharply to look at Meyer and tersely said, “Director Branlin, you are not a man of any god are you?”
“No, I do not believe in any god for there is no god.”  
“Then I understand why you do not believe anything said here today. If I was as hard and hateful a man as you are, I would not believe either. But Director, let me ask you, what would make you believe in God?”
“If he took me in a spaceship to heaven I might believe. That is not likely to happen is it? In addition, your God or Adonai is not here in this meeting. I for one have become bored with the Rabbis, and the religious nuts of the world who say Israel exists because of your God. Well, I did not see God being shot at and I did not see God shooting back all these years to defend us when Israel was founded. We fought for every square inch of our land. Our men and women fought for it, not your God.”
Elijah then said very quietly to Meyer, “Your words, I hope, do not reflect what is in your heart, Director. I can tell you that if you reject Adonai during these times, then when Jesus Christ returns, you like so many others will be tormented for eternity. You will be cast into the lake of fire with your enemies. That is your choice is it not? So do as you wish Director, but I can promise, you are not alone in not believing in Adonai. There are many just like you, especially among the gentiles. They, like you, will soon see His wrath.” 
David watched them both and Elijah paused for a moment seemingly contemplating his next move then looking directly at Meyer he asked, “So Director, I will help you believe. Do you have a wife and a child’?  
“Yes, I have a wife and three children.”  
“Well, if I were you, I would go home immediately. As Nathan the prophet said to David, ‘you must believe where the real power is’. David thought the power resided with him. He learned differently. Now as in those days, like Nathan and David, I am here to tell you Mr. Meyer, that in one hour your oldest son and your wife will be very close to death. When you decide as David did, that you need Adonai’s help, do as he did and get on your knees and pray to Him. Once you do this, He will help you and He will save your family with His power. If you heart stays hardened then they will be taken from you. Therefore Director, go. You must hurry, for there is not much time.”
“You are insane Shraya or Elijah, whoever you are. You are insane, and you will be jailed, tortured, and probably killed by me if you harm my family!”
Meyer did not move; he just sat mumbling to himself and shaking his head, trying to control his anger. No one said a word. Some stared at him; others looked away. After about three minutes he exploded in a loud voice, “Shraya, I will kill you right now with my bear hands!” He lunged across the table at Elijah.  
At that moment, the door opened and Carla shouted out, “I am sorry to interrupt, Prime Minister, but Director Branlin, your younger son is on the phone. Your wife just collapsed a minute ago and your oldest son is also feeling ill. They called for help then called here. The ambulances are en-route now and they will be taken to the hospital.”
Meyer stood, obviously shaken, then looked at Elijah and said, “I don’t believe it, what have you done to my family?”  
Elijah replied very calmly, “God will show you mercy but you need to ask Him for it. Alternatively, He will take them from you for you do not deserve them. Adonai will bring you to His table one way or the other, Director Branlin.”
Director Meyer then stormed out the door and was running by the time he cleared the doorway.  
Chapter 68
6:25 PM Saturday Prime Minister Kazuki Kantei’s Office, Tokyo, Japan
“I have called both of you as leaders of your parties of the Diet,” Prime Minister Kazuki Kantei said to Tkuya Kyoto, leader of the House of Representatives, and Ren Gunma of the House of Counselors. “We need to discuss a very important matter that has come to the surface.”
“As we all know the world has changed since Monday. This Witness called Enoch has put the world into a tailspin. He has also caused serious problems in the United States. So much so that we are of the understanding that the US will declare martial law next week. This is in anticipation of the devastation coming in the form of several hurricanes, not counting the devastation in California. Also there is the issue of the regime change to Robert Cain as their new President.”
He paused, shifting his considerable weight on the cushion he was sitting on. “It appears that there was a meeting in Kansas City, and many of the world leaders and member companies of the Waldger Group were there. The president of one of our larger corporations, Yuzuki Narita, who you both know, is also a member. He has reported to us from the meeting in Kansas City that the world itself is preparing for even more destruction by these Witnesses. Now with this in mind, early today I was called directly by the Chairman of the Peoples Republic in China, Liang Enlai himself. The content of the conversation went like this.”
“They want us to attend a meeting in India next Wednesday to discuss Japan becoming a member of the Shanghai Cooperative. Now I know what our initial answer is but I am concerned about some other things he discussed with me. The most important item he stated was that these Witnesses are neutralizing the United States. He went on to say they would no longer be able to provide their protection for countries such as ours. This, gentlemen, is a problem, for we have an agreement with the U.S. which prevents us from joining any of their organizations or associations. This is also per our constitution. However, if what was reported back to us from the Waldger Group is correct and the Chairman of the Chinese Government has confirmed, our failure to enjoin with them may result in us becoming an undefended Island. With that said, I think we will need to ally ourselves with someone. For your consideration, Liang stated that India, Vietnam, and the Koreas were planning to attend also. So in accordance with our constitution and the structure of our government I am open to your thoughts and advice regarding this new development.”
Tkuya Kyoto, Leader of the House of Representatives said, “I am sure that the Diet will not take kindly to us allying ourselves with China under any circumstances.”  
“I know what the populace thinks Tkuya, but these are special circumstances, and there is one more thing I need to tell you. I spoke with the new President, Cain about this early this morning. He warned me that I would most likely be getting a call today from either the Russians or the Chinese. He went on to say that unless we wanted to be left out of the world’s commerce we needed to seriously consider any offers made by the Shanghai Cooperative.”  
Kazuki grimaced as if what he had to say left a bad taste in his mouth, “Despite our recent progress in trade and economic issues I know our relationship with China has always been strained and may well continue to be so. However, if the United States can no longer come between China and us, then we may be in a situation where strong negotiations would be in our interest. 
Ren said, “When do they want to meet?”  
“Next Wednesday, in India.”  
“Then I would think we need to discuss this with others. When can we or when do we need to give them an answer?”
“Tomorrow.”
“That is not much time.”
“No, it is not; but if we refuse and the US is neutralized as we think they will be, then we may be alone without allies. They have markets; we would not. Most of our economy is based on the Americans.”
“So what do you want us to do then?” Tkuya asked.
“Agree with me. We will go to the Emperor and get his agreement and blessing together. Then after, and not before, we get back from India, take their proposal to the Diet.” 
“They have not given us much time.”  
“Call them, Kazuki,” Ren said, “And agree to attend. Then we will call the Emperor for an appointment either tonight or tomorrow morning to tell him.”
“Thank you both,” Kazuki said. “Thank you.” 
Chapter 69
8:25 AM Saturday Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein’s Office, Jerusalem, Israel
After Meyer left David asked Elijah, “Are you going to kill his wife and child?”
“No, he will himself. Adonai has no patience with non-believers in Israel at this time. You heard what I said on Thursday night, David; you heard me say that not only will I protect Israel, but will also rebuild the Temple.”  
“We as a nation do not believe in Jesus Christ, Elijah. We think of him as a Prophet, like you. Maybe if you are saying the Messiah is coming, Israel would be more forthcoming and believe you.”
“I do not care who believes or who does not. I am not here for popularity. Read the writings of the prophets and you will see that not only I but also all the other prophets had no concern about popular opinion. This is about Adonai and the return of Jesus Christ and the preparation by Israel for this event. Nothing more and nothing less will be acceptable to Him or me. Therefore, you need to take heed. As for your comment, I might add that your Messiah is coming. It is just that the last time He was here, your elders did not see that clearly. They crucified him using Pontius Pilate and the Romans.”
David was silent. He knew that Israel and himself had an issue with Jesus Christ being the Messiah. He had spent his life looking for the event that would mark the real Messiah’s appearance. Now Elijah was saying that they had to accept Jesus Christ as the Messiah. This was a hard pill to swallow, not only for him, but also for the entire nation. He decided to change the direction of the conversation for he needed to find out the answer to this quandary. It was not going to occur now.  
“Elijah, let’s put the Messiah issue aside for now. My immediate concerns are the Temple you want to build.”  
“The building materials have already been set aside for a long time. You yourself know this, David. I know where the Temple goes on the Mount and the location of the Holy of Holies. As soon as humanly possible I need equipment on the Mount to excavate an area to obtain the Temple’s relics.”
“What relics?”
“To recover the Ark, for one. There are also the vestments of the high priests as well as the ceremonial items used in the Temple. They are there hidden under a room. It was built in the event of an invasion by Solomon himself, to preserve our heritage. We need to now bring these sacred items into the light of the world. In addition, there are scrolls, which will help you and many other Jews understand that the Messiah you seek was here already and that He is returning. I will need your best archeologists and keepers of our history with me. It will take about a week to get it all removed and put away for safekeeping till the Temple is finished.”
“How do you know where these things are, Elijah?”
“The Prophet Jeremiah hid them during the siege by the Babylonians. The only thing he took to Europe when he fled with Tea Tephi was the Stone of Jacob which we all know is in Europe.”  
“All this is very hard to believe, Elijah; just like you being here is very hard to believe,” David said as he threw up his hands in exasperation.   
“It is what it is, David. Now Adonai has commanded you through me to do as He asks…or David, like Meyer He will make this Nation listen, one way or the other.”  
“I understand Elijah, but I am not a king. I am a Prime Minister and we also need to convince the Knesset. Therefore, we need to speak with them and get their consensus before we can say ok to you.”   
“Fair enough, David. Get them over here or call them right now.”    
“It doesn’t work like that, Elijah. I need to make arrangements for you to address them.”  
“When?”
“I do not know.”
“David,” Elijah said, “Look me in the eyes. Do you not understand that there is little time? You need to call them now. I will talk to them today.”
“That’s impossible.” 
“Then tell them what happened here today with Meyer. Tell them I will not take no for an answer. Do we understand each other?”
“Yes.” 
David thought about what else Elijah would do. He made a decision as he said to the Prophet, “I will call and see what we can do.”  
Elijah then sat back in his chair as the Prime Minister got up, opened the door, and spoke to his assistant Carla, “Please get me the leader of the Labor Party, Michael Zimny, at the Knesset, and tell him it is urgent, please.”
He came back and sat down looking at Elijah, “Hopefully she can reach them. It is Saturday; you know our Sabbath. While we are waiting Elijah, we are flooded with visa applications from all over the world. They are coming as you asked. What do you suggest we do with them if they come here?”
“Simple David, build homes for them, share homes, and maybe create tent cities. Do whatever you have to do. Adonai now calls every Jew in the world home. The ones who refuse will then answer to Adonai Himself. As I have repeatedly said, just like in the desert when Aaron formed the golden calf. Moses went up into the mountain to speak with Adonai. You remember David, Adonai told Moses He was going to destroy them all, because of the idol they had made. However, Moses pleaded with Him and then only three thousand died, not all. Then as now, He has no more patience with Israel. It is the time of Adonai. It is the time for the Jews to inherit His kingdom as promised to your benefactor Abraham; not to bicker and disobey.”
So far, everything that David said seemed to send Elijah into a tirade. He decided to try to talk about something else with him. “What of the Muslims and their god Allah and Abraham?” he asked.
“I will deal with them myself. Do not concern yourself with them only, Israel.”  
Just then, Carla opened the door and said, “Michael is on the telephone, sir. He is waiting.”
“We will put him on the conference phone, Carla. Please transfer the call to the speakerphone extension.” 
Saved by the bell, David thought.   
He reached over to the middle of the table and switched on the speakerphone system. After a moment, Michael came on to the line.  
“Hello,” David said, “Michael, are you there?”
“Yes, I am here and like you we are meeting on a Saturday in spite of it being the Sabbath. We figured you might call today.”  
“Good timing, Michael. I knew some of the Knesset were in meetings with other parts of the government and various committees. Are there many of them there with you?”
“Yes, as a matter of fact, David, we were just discussing this recent development with the missile attack and the political change in America, and of course, Elijah. We had met with Meyer earlier today, just so you are aware. He is not very happy and is saying you are being sucked in by this Elijah person or prophet, as he calls himself.”
“Well Michael, I wanted to be able to speak with you face to face first about these issues. However, Elijah asked, no, demanded that I call the Knesset. I have here with me Elijah and both of our Chief Rabbinates, Yona and Ben, as well as Jacob. Regarding Meyer, he was here but we had some difficulties. He has left for the hospital for there seems to be something seriously wrong with both his wife and oldest son.”
“Yes, I know. He called me on his way to the hospital. He said he was going to kill Elijah, if I heard him correctly. He said something to the effect of Elijah causing his family to become ill.”
“Yes, that is what happened. Elijah, I suppose put a curse on him. He told Meyer that since he did not believe in Adonai that he would show him the power of Adonai. He went on to say that if he wanted his wife and son to recover he needed to ask Adonai to do so. Once he did this from his heart they would recover from their ailments.”
There was a pause on the line then Michael said, “I have our conference phone on, David. We all heard you describe the Meyer issue. I notice you do not mind talking about what happened in front of Elijah. However, we have some concerns that Elijah has this type of power over an individual. Now it seems this has become an open forum so the gloves are off. Correct, Elijah?” 
Elijah stared at the phone and said, “I am not sure what you are saying, Michael. I am referring to the ‘gloves off’ comment.”
It is a cliché, Elijah. It means that anything goes, or can be said. No holding back.”  
Oh, that is fine then. I have no problem with not holding back.”
“Then we are in agreement, Elijah. Now, I would like to ask you a question or two while we are on the phone. This way the other government members can listen in. Are you ok with this?”
“I would be more than happy to answer any question you and or any other members of your committee have to ask.”
“Thank you, Elijah. My first and foremost question to you is why are you interfering with the Government of Israel?”
“Because you have a mandate from Adonai to do certain things and Israel has to follow those mandates. You may note that Israel only existed over all these thousands of years because God mandated it. You and all your members should also know that defying God has serious consequences, going back thousands of years. I assume you know your Talmud and Torah?” 
“Yes, we all do.”
“Then you realize that when Adonai gives you an instruction it becomes law, period!” 
“Well yes, Elijah; but that refers to the Mosaic law of our ancestors. Or the law as Moses dictated it to us.”
“So, Michael, then just as you and I know the law, you know that ignorance of Adonai’s will is not an excuse. I am a Prophet sent to you from Adonai. I have instructed your leader David on authority from Adonai that Israel must begin to rebuild the Temple.” 
“Well….Elijah, we are a democracy and we have to all agree to do something. We do not have a dictatorship, or a king, as during your time in ancient Israel. We are trying, Elijah. We are listening to you but as I said, we cannot just do something because you said to do so.”
“Then listen to me very carefully, Michael. What is the problem with starting right now to rebuild the Temple? As I have said before it needs to be done immediately. The original concern was that you could not destroy the structure’s that are now gone. Therefore, I destroyed them for you. The blame does not lay with Israel. It lies in the lap of your enemies. You have the perfect situation to do as I have told you Adonai wants you to do. You need to stop the word games that you all seem to want to play. You are toying with Adonai’s patience. This type of playing does not sit well with Him. I hope you understand this. Now are we going to start the rebuilding or not?”
“Elijah, we live in a modern world; we just don’t do things without due process of governmental policies. We discuss the issue, prepare a plan, and then submit it to those who make the final decisions. Then if we agree, we create an action plan and then move forward. This is not that easy of a decision. We have to consider the thoughts of our neighbors, and yes, our enemies over the Temple Mount. This piece of land has been in contention for a thousand years and more. We cannot just up and do this without proper due process. ”
David looked over at Elijah as he looked at the speakerphone. His features were contorted and he seemed to be trying to keep himself under control. He scratched at his beard, looked up at the ceiling then looked back down at the device and finally said, “Fine, Michael, like your Director Meyer, it appears that Israel’s leadership does not think Adonai is very important here. It appears that belief and faith have become almost nonexistent in Israel. So maybe you can suggest a sign that only Adonai could do. Maybe He can give you a sign that will make you realize that you have no control other than what Adonai gives you. I am sure He is up to the task.”   
“Are you threatening us, Elijah?”
“No, Adonai is.”
“What did you do to Director Meyer?”
“I took away what was most important to him. However, Adonai has given him a way to stop it. All he has to do is recognize that God is in charge, not him. Meyer has a choice. It is similar to the choice that Pharaoh had. You do remember the Pharaoh’s statement? ‘Who is Yahweh that I should obey his voice to let Israel go?’ Then overnight, Adonai changed the Pharaoh’s mind. All through Egypt, the first-born died, except those of the Israelites. Remember this story, Michael, and all of you listening?”
“We all know the story, Elijah, so once again, are you threatening us?”  
“Let me continue, Michael. Now Meyer, like many of you need to remember a quote from Adonai regarding Israel. ‘I need to punish them so they know who I am’ then you like Meyer will have chosen your own punishment. This is what Meyer did.”
The room was quiet until after a few moments, muffled conversation could be heard in the background of the speakerphone. Michael came back on the line and asked, “Rabbis what do you think about this situation, and how we deal with Elijah’s questions?”
Rabbi Benjamin, assuming as usual that Yona preferred not to speak first, responded, “I have advised David and his staff that Elijah needs to be tested to determine if he is a prophet.”  
He then reached under his robe, pulled out a small book, and thumbed to a page. He put the book on the table, leaned forward and read aloud. 
“The Torah's definition and directions regarding a prophet are found in Deuteronomy 18:22, “If the prophet will speak in the Name of Hashem and that thing will not occur and not come about -- that is the word that Hashem has not spoken; with willfulness has the prophet spoken it, you should not fear him.” What this means is that if he has prophesied and it does not come true, then he is a fraud. However, if it is true then fear him.”  
Yona finally looked up during the silence and added, “Well I would then suppose,” looking over at Elijah, “that the last prophecy you stated was that if Israel was attacked that you would then destroy that country with God’s plague of locusts, if I remember correctly.”
“Yes, that I did say,” Elijah said.
Yona, looking very nervous twisting his hands with his eyes darting from Ben, David, Elijah to the speakerphone, finally said, “Well…Iran attacked us last night, didn’t they?” He then looked for affirmation from everyone until he heard assents from Michael and the others.  
“If then Elijah’s prophecy were to occur, then would that not be the test of the prophet?”
There was dead silence, then David asked, “Elijah you did prophesy this, so will it occur?”
“Yes David, it will. You may already note the rain has stopped in Iran. The sun is out and soon the swarms will destroy every green thing within their borders.”
“Then I agree that this will be the test!” David exclaimed. “How about you, Michael, and the others, will you agree also that this is a fair test?”
“Michael came back on the line and said, “We still need to vote on it, David. I will get back to you.” 
“When?” David asked.
“Give me a minute, please,” the conference call was put on hold. 
David looked over at Elijah and said, “This is the way it works now Elijah; please be patient.”
Elijah just stared at the speakerphone twisting some hair around his fingers and said nothing in return. 
The silence continued until the speakerphone clicked and Michael came back on line. 
“David, we need to talk to three other committees to get a quorum on this. Give us a couple of hours. I have recorded our conversation here as I usually do and will replay it to those not present, once I can get them here. Once we do this, hopefully, we will have enough support to allow me to call for an emergency session of the Knesset. I hope that we can get a vote before the day ends. Elijah, I am sorry, but once again, we need to go through our procedures.”
Elijah looked at the speakerphone and said very sternly and with contempt, “You have till sunset. If you deny Adonai, the same prophecy as the Iranians will also befall Israel!”
No one spoke. They may have finally believed him; for it was now in their back yard. When it is your yard then the rules change.  
After a moment, David asked, “While we are all together Elijah, do you know anything about this issue in America and the new President, Cain?”  
Elijah stood and said, “Yes, I do. More than you may wish to hear at this time or I am willing to tell you. Now I have said before, my main goal right now is the Temple, and only the Temple. These other issues we will deal with in time.” 
He stood, walked to the door, opened it, and walked out.  





Chapter 70
8:00 AM Saturday, Bear News Special Morning Broadcast from Kansas City, Missouri 
“This is Bear News broadcasting live from Kansas City with John Roddenburg,” the announcer began. Today, in a two-hour news special, we will be covering the news of the day from coast to coast and worldwide. Now, here is John Roddenburg.”
“Good morning America. In today’s broadcast, we will be covering events around the world, which have been in absolute turmoil since the appearance of the Witnesses last Monday. We will be covering the oncoming hurricane, Alex, the attack on Israel by the Iranians resulting in the destruction of the Dome of the Rock, and of course, continued coverage of Enoch and Elijah.” 
“We will look at the death of the Vice President and the resignation of President Stevenson, coupled with background on the new President, Robert Cain. We will be covering the upcoming funeral of the Pope and the imminent election of his successor.”  
“We have correspondents in Egypt, Iraq, Israel, and Iran and also from Houston, Texas; Biloxi, Mississippi; and from the Waldger meetings at Center City here in Kansas City, which is being attended by the new president of the United States himself.”  
We have been notified that the new President will be addressing the nation at 10:00 AM this morning. The broadcast will be covered by all news outlets here and around the world; so stay tuned.  
First, let us bring you up to date in Southern California with our field reporter, Brian Wilcox. Brian.”
“Yes John, we are still reporting from Southern California. We are actually in East Los Angeles today, where just like all the other areas, it looks like a war had been fought here. Where we are is one of the highest crime areas in Los Angeles. We had a scary situation early this morning and this is the reason we are reporting from here. The military, and what appears to be a local gang, have exchanged gunfire. The information we have is that there are over thirty casualties. Most of the dead are military personnel, who it appears were trying to force people to board transports to FEMA camps. From the story we are getting, what occurred is that the military had rounded up a large group of people and then some of these people started saying they were not going to board the military transport. Then according to sources here, the officer in charge of the area, Captain Rodgers, came and accosted a man and his wife. They refused to board the vehicle and the man pulled out a gun during a struggle with the Captain. The man then shot the Captain.”  
“From that point forward chaos broke out, and within a few seconds all the guardsmen under the Captain’s command started shooting. Many of the people in the crowd returned fire. The result is thirty or more dead and we have no idea how many people have been wounded. Many were either injured or killed, from what we can see here. This isolated incident is a disaster in itself. What we have is the government saying, do this, and the people themselves saying, no; and they are fighting back. It’s anarchy!”
“Is it under control now, Brian?”
“Yes, I think so, John, but I can tell you that once they got the crowd under control, the military tied up at least a hundred people using tie wraps. These people were then loaded into transports and removed to an undisclosed location. We also understand that they confiscated over two hundred weapons from the crowd!”  
“That’s a definite problem, Brian.”
“Also, the dead are just lying there and so are the wounded. There are no ambulances. None are available and have not been for some time. This problem is not only here in East L.A. but also the entire area. There are some reservist medics trying to do what they can, but there are just too many injuries.”
“So what you are telling me is that right now we have anarchy in that area?”
“Yes John, I never thought I would see this on our soil; the government and the people fighting in the streets.”  
“I agree with you, Brian. Any word on the camps and anything else you can add?”  
“No, as we have been reporting we are not allowed into the camps and our movement is quite restricted. If it was not that we were here when the battle in East Los Angeles started we would not have even reported it. We would not have known about it. The military has been quite closed mouth for the past day or so. Excuse me a minute, John, I am being summoned by a military officer.”
You could see an officer speaking to Brian, quite animated with lots of hand and head movements. Finally, they stopped speaking and the camera again focused on Brian.  
“The officer here has informed us we are to return to the command center in Pasadena immediately and leave this area.” 
“Thank you, Brian we understand your dilemma. You should do as the officer said and return to the command center in Pasadena. We do not want you hurt.”  
“We will, John. This is Brian Wilcox, reporting from East Los Angeles, California.”  
John turned back to the camera, “As you can see when the infrastructure collapses, people are no longer civil, and that concerns me. I am sure all of us listening, in not only California, but the nation as a whole, feel the same. We have many more disasters coming our way and we need to all be civil to one another. I sincerely hope that incidents like Brain just described do not happen again. This will start with ordinary citizens like me and you being civilized.”   
“We will now switch to Houston, Texas where our correspondent Maria Schroeder is standing by. Maria.”
“Yes John, the evacuation is in full force here in Houston. I-10 Eastbound is closed to traffic, allowing only a westbound flow. In addition, I-49 South is closed and all lanes leading into Dallas are now open, heading north in both directions. The 290 is only allowing one-way traffic all the way to Austin. It is bumper to bumper, as you can see behind me. The Rio Grande Valley is also evacuating. I-37 and 77 are also bumper-to-bumper. Today, at NRG stadium, people were arriving to board busses to either San Antonio or Dallas, Texas. The stadium holds 77,000 people and it’s full with everyone waiting for additional buses. However, everyone who did board a bus is most likely headed to either a military base or a FEMA camp. As you know, Hurricane Alex is expected to make landfall around 5:00 AM Monday morning. Officials here only have a little more than 48 hours to empty the city.”
“Is it orderly, Maria?”
“Yes, for the most part, other than a few incidents. There were a few tempers flaring in the stadium, but overall it seems to be working quite well.”  
“Thank you, Maria; we will get back to you soon.”
“Thanks, John. This is Maria Schroeder, reporting live from Houston, Texas”
As John turned from the monitor to face the camera he said, “We will be back with more after this break.”  
Knowing he was off camera, John grabbed a Gatorade and drank it down. “What’s next?” he asked Don.
“Well, Cairo and Israel then back to US news.” 
“Have we heard anything new from Enoch since they left the country last night?” 
“Nothing yet, John; if we do, you will be one of the first to know.”  
“Thanks, Don. Well I guess it’s time to get back to it, there is lots of news.” 
He sat back down in the anchor chair and the countdown went to zero.  
“Welcome back; we have our correspondent, Eric Kohl in Cairo, Egypt. Eric.”
“Hello John, it’s a little past 4:00 PM here. You can see that the rain is still coming down. We are broadcasting from Upper Egypt for Cairo is no longer accessible. The entire city is being evacuated. You should know that we are being told that all correspondents are to leave the country by tomorrow morning.” 
“So the rain is causing a lot of problems?”
“Yes, and as much as I hate to say it, the death toll along the Nile here is extremely high. The government has not released any actual numbers but we know that in Cairo itself, there are bodies floating in the streets and canals.”  
“Any comments on martial law there since it was initiated?” 
“No John, I don’t think it matters, for this country is in shambles. I don’t think anyone cares about much of anything but survival.”  
“Thanks Eric, I know it is hard there. Any idea when you will be leaving?”
“Within the hour, John; they are only letting us stay here to finish the daily broadcasts.”
“Well please be safe, Eric. We will talk with you soon.”  
“Thank you, John. This is Eric Kuhl, reporting from Upper Egypt.”  
John turned back to the anchor desk then said, “There you have it viewers. The rain has completely shut down Egypt in Northern Africa. We are now going to Baghdad, Iraq where we have been reporting from the Tigris River. Ann Davies, normally our correspondent in California, has been in Baghdad now for three days.”  
John again turned to the screen and said, “Ann.”
“Yes John. We are here where the Tigris and the Euphrates meet, in Basra, Iraq, which is near the Kuwait border. Officials here have started complete evacuations, as in other areas of Southeast Asia, the Middle East, and Northern Africa. All along both the Tigris and Euphrates people are moving and leaving the river areas.”  
“Is the rain bad there, Ann?”
“It comes and goes, but we are averaging about a quarter inch an hour. I talked to some of the leaders in the area and they have said that at this rate the rivers will be two miles wide in twenty-five more days.”
“The population there is around three and a half million, is that correct?”  
“Yes John and it is also one of Iraq’s main ports. Right now the port is open but it seems that they are planning on closing it maybe as soon as Monday, if the rain continues.”
“Do you have any idea where they are transporting people to safety?”  
“No, we don’t. They are not doing much in evacuating people now. We contacted the government in Baghdad about evacuation plans. We have yet to get any response from our calls. In addition, John, we are being told we need to leave this area and return to Baghdad; very similar to the orders coming out of Cairo.”
“I understand, Ann. Anything you would like to add?” 
“Yes, if there is anyway the rest of the world can help, please open your hearts for these people. Soon hunger and disease will be following these disasters.” 
“I agree, Ann. Is the Red Cross or a similar organization there?”
“No, not at all, John.”  
“Thanks Ann, and we will talk to you later, probably in Baghdad right?”
“Yes, John. We hope so. This is Ann Davies reporting live from Basra, Iraq.” 
John turned from the screen, and then turned to Chester Nichols, their meteorologist.  
“Chester, do you have anything to add to any of what we are seeing and hearing?”   
Chester moved to the weather monitor and a map of the Middle East and Northern Africa came up having the radar superimposed on it.  
“As you can see, John; the rain just keeps coming and in strange patterns too. In addition, you might note that even though Iran is surrounded by falling rain they are completely clear. There is absolutely no explanation for any of this. I have talked to other meteorologists and they have said that this is impossible.”  
“Yes, I agree. There are many things going on right now that could be deemed impossible. Chester, what updates do you have on Hurricane Alex and the other ones following.”
The map changed and the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean came up. Hurricane Alex was superimposed over the map.  
“You may remember hurricane Katrina, John, but this thing is even bigger. Right now, the eye has just left Cuba and is headed almost due west. It covers an astounding four-hundred and fifty miles of water and land. It is already raining in Houston, Galveston, and Corpus Christi, but not hard yet. Winds are close to Enoch’s predictions near the center. Current models state that the actual stats are expected to meet or exceed his exact prediction. The Gulf is already starting to encroach on the coast. We are looking at a storm surge from Padre Island to Lake Charles in Louisiana, of maybe twelve to fifteen feet.”
“So would you say this hurricane will be the worst one ever in the Gulf?”
“Absolutely, John! In addition, this system is moving very slowly. When Alex hits it will stay for quite a while. This means that as the remains creep up the Ohio Valley, it will result in serious flooding.”
“Anything else to add, Chester?”
“Yes, John. Enoch’s other prediction was the increased temperature at the poles. This has held steady at plus twelve degrees above normal for both North and South poles. We are seeing rapid melting of some of the outer shelves of ice, especially in the lower areas of Antarctica. If this keeps up, some of our oceans could rise as much as a foot or more within a year, if not less. This will also cause major flooding along coastal areas.”
“The other hurricanes, Chester?”  
“So far, we are tracking four of them. According to the National Hurricane Center, Bosner is shaping to be as fierce as Alex is. Current computer models have Bosner tracking all areas from New Orleans to Mobile, Alabama, with the center tracking to Biloxi.”
“What you are saying then is that Enoch is right so far?”
“Yes, John; unfortunately, he’s absolutely, one-hundred percent right.”
“The camera then moved back to John as he said, “I can only warn you to prepare accordingly if you are in one of the areas to be affected by the storms. We can refer you to our website where we have set up some helpful tools based on Enoch’s predictions of when and where they are to occur. I suggest that you take advantage of this tool. If you are in an evacuation area please do so for these storms are biblical!”
“Now,” John continued, “Since we don’t have Enoch or Elijah here with us to comment on these storms, we have instead, Reverend Thomas Marks.” John turned to his left and the cameras captured them both. 
“Reverend Thomas, what is your take on the news and these storms.”
“In my opinion, John, God is a bit angry, not only with America but also the world. The last time He was this angry he destroyed all but a few. As far as America being in His focus, look at what we have done recently as a government; especially at the federal level, with judges whose rulings usually went against the wishes of the people. It reminds me of the movie The Ten Commandments, when the Pharaoh in anger said that the name Moses was to be removed from every building, obelisk, and statue and so on. Well the federal government and their Judges did the same thing with the name of God and the name of Jesus. Even the Ten Commandments in front of a courthouse have been removed, and so on. They ruled to allow unnatural practices in the name of rights, and allowed and paid for abortions. So now, He is showing His anger. Unfortunately, John, I believe that before it is all over it will get worse. The good news though is that Jesus is coming soon and then this will all be over. Sin will be gone. Lucifer and his followers will be bound and Jesus will then establish his long-awaited kingdom.” 
“That is a lot to consider, Reverend. I have on my right one of the non-believers, who is a self-proclaimed atheist and who has written several books about God being dead.” John turned to the other guest on his right and asked, “George, what is your take on this?”
“Well I grew up in Iowa and what I just heard the Reverend say, and have been hearing, is absolute hogwash. That is what we call stories that are just, well…not true, or stories shysters tell. The truth of the matter is simple. Because of global warming, Mother Nature is having a hemorrhage and humanity is paying the price for that. It is as simple as that. It will come and then it will go. All this God stuff will then be laughed at, like it has been over and over again in the history of mankind.”
“What of the predictions made by Enoch, George? They are uncannily accurate. It appears many find what Enoch did to be difficult for a man, or anyone, if not impossible.”
“Predictions are not unusual, John. Right now, this Enoch has been lucky. He will soon fail, and then you will see that he is a charlatan. It is just a matter of time. You see John, there is no God, and there are no prophets. There is only life, death, and taxes. Enjoy what you have now and let this supernatural hocus-pocus be what it is, hog wash.” 
“Thank you for your views, George.”
John turned back to the camera and said, “Stay tuned, we have a lot more to show you and tell you. We will be right back.”  
John stood and walked over to a snack table and grabbed bottled water. Everyone left him alone for they all knew the wheels were turning. This was only a hundred and fifty second break so he had to get back on the desk.  
Don came over and handed him some papers. “Next we will cover the Vice President’s death then the Pope’s. That will bring us up close to the new President’s inaugural speech at 8:00 AM CST. We will use Mary Ann and Geraldo for the Israel-Iran crisis at the Mount. In addition, what is Elijah doing there? I need you to focus on reporting about the new President and what we know about him, following his speech.”
“Thanks Don, I need a break. The atheist rather rubbed me the wrong way. He does not look at reality, but then, many of them don’t, do they?” 
“No they don’t, John, no they don’t. I have to go, the show must go on.”
  
 




























Chapter 71
9:15 AM Saturday, Aafre Waldger’s suite, Center City, Kansas City, Missouri 
Last night Aafre’s assistants had removed the judge’s body from the floor and put her into one of the bedrooms, for the time being. They used the resources they could control before making the death public. When they were sure they had the right persons to cover this up the police were called in. Once the coroner had removed the body, which would be immediately cremated, Aafre said to David, “I need this room cleaned up. It smells. We need it ready for tomorrow.”  
David called on some resources he had and found a crew to sterilize the room after he had met with the police.
Originally, Cain was to make a speech right after the swearing in, but it was decided they would defer the President’s message until the next morning. This way, press releases could be sent out when it would be aired. Most Americans would be tuning in to hear the new President’s speech, especially on a Saturday morning. Unfortunately, to Aafre’s dismay, per federal laws, all networks would carry the speech. Therefore, The Network had to produce the feed to everyone, including Bear. That would change in the future Aafre had said.    
In the meantime, David met The Network crew at 6:30 AM and they set up more equipment than they had the night before for the swearing in. They set up a superimposed picture of the White House in the background and the Presidential Seal on a new desk that was brought in. This would be Cain’s introduction to America as its new President.  
At 9:30, Aafre showed up with Cain, and then Jamal. Robert Jordan came in a few minutes after and they all huddled over in a corner drinking coffee and going over some papers that David assumed to be Cain’s speech.  
At 9:55, the lights went on, and then the countdown started. The Network’s hidden announcer said, “Ladies and gentlemen of the United States and the world, this is a special report following the inauguration of Robert Cain as President of the United States. In light of the issues facing not only the United States but the world, our new President has decided to speak to you this morning about the situations at hand.”  
The live performance was on a 4-minute delay, so the feed actually began on all the other networks at 10:00 AM.    
The Special Report graphic faded away and President Robert Cain was shown from the top of the desk up, He was sitting with both hands folded together on the desk looking directly into the camera. What the viewers saw was very unlike his predecessor. He was a Democrat not a Republican and had caused much discomfort to the previous administration. He was described as six foot two inches with a full head of blonde hair, piercing blue eyes, olive skin, and about 180 pounds with little or no body fat. He was 46 years old and he was not married.  
Early in his career he had immediately become a force to be reckoned with in American politics. Since being elected to represent the 14th District in New York his popularity in the House had continued to rise. He was now in his third term. He had been elected Speaker following the last national elections.  
His mother had died at birth in New York City and his father, with the help of various nannies, had raised him during his early years. His father had dual citizenship in both Great Britain and the United States. He was a philanthropist, and resided on an estate in rural England. They know very little about him.  
Robert Cain had been educated in private boarding schools on the East Coast. He attended Princeton then went off to Oxford in England for graduate studies. He returned to Harvard Law School where he graduated at the top of his class. He was admitted to the New York Bar, right after graduation. He then worked several years for the New York District Attorney’s office. Eventually he turned to politics and won the election in his first campaign for public office. He continued to ascend the rungs of power and as Speaker, was a powerful presence.  
The Network producer got everyone’s attention and the countdown started.  
Robert blinked as the red light came on the main camera. Looking directly into the camera with no papers in front of him or a teleprompter, he began speaking.  
“Today is a very difficult day in not only America but also the world. Today, for the first time ever, the Speaker of the House has taken the office of President of the United States due to some very unfortunate circumstances. We all know about the unfortunate accident involving the late Vice President. Therefore, as my first order of business, I send my sympathy and express my sorrow to the survivors of Vice President Alvarado’s family. I also commit, right now, to all Americans, that we will look into every possibility as to what happened to his plane over the skies of Wyoming. I assure you, we will not rest till we have answers.”  
“Now, I would like to speak with you about private citizen Stevenson. I understand that sometimes the stress of leading a country in crisis can be more than one can handle, which seems to have been the issue here. I do know that there were issues regarding his mental health. Since taking the oath of office, I was made aware that President Stevenson had serious mental issues that go back to his childhood. As a child, he had been abused, and if not for help from others, he would have had a different course in life. Evidently, these issues resurfaced. President Stevenson’s doctors are of the opinion that the events of the past few days have taken their toll. I was made aware just yesterday evening that his personal White House physician was close to recommending that, he step down for health reasons. This same doctor had spoken to other members of his staff regarding Stevenson’s stress levels and saying he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia. The diagnosis of   Schizophrenia is a mental disorder often characterized by abnormal social behavior. Common symptoms include false beliefs, and unclear or confused thinking. This is exactly the behavior he displayed in his resignation speech. This, according to his doctors, was combined with acute paranoia.”    
“It appears that Stevenson decided that he could no longer perform his duties. He made the right decision, for America needs strong leadership at this time. Members of his staff have informed me that the doctors who cared for the President over the past few months will release additional information regarding his mental state soon. I will be reviewing this information to try and understand what happened to such a dynamic man, who many of us not only respected, but adored.”   
“These issues cannot be helped. We need to change our focus to the future and issues needing response immediately. Right now, America has to be strong.”
“Confronting us loom disaster after disaster, or so it seems. The California earthquake and the utter destruction of one of our great cities are, yes, biblical in scope. However, based on our history, this natural disaster may well be no worse than other disasters we have weathered in the past. The American people have pulled together repeatedly, time, and time again. As a nation, we pulled ourselves up and moved forward to tackle, respond, and repair the damage. Each time we had to do this we have always grown stronger. We do this, for Americans are strong and able to beat back adversity when it needs to be done. We will do so again.”
“We are also facing an unprecedented weather system coming towards the United States, all along the Gulf and East Coasts. This extends from South Padre Island along the entire shore line of the US Gulf Coast and rounding Florida, all the way to New York.”
Cain paused, it seemed, to collect his thoughts, and then said, “Once again, we will survive this. To assure the American people that we will prevail I would like to share some things that I have been working on the past few hours. But before I tell you our plans, I would like to remind you of some things that you may not have thought of.”  
He cleared his throat then continued, “In human history, the earth has hit us with disaster after disaster. Recently, some that come to mind are Katrina, the 2010 Sumatra earthquake tsunami, the 2010 Chile earthquake tsunami, and the 2011 Tohoku earthquake tsunami, to name just a few.”
“With each disaster, something wonderful happened in the world. What happened is its politics were set aside and the world came together. The world always comes together to deal with these unfortunate incidents. Aid from other countries rallied to bring in supplies, resources, technology, and capital, to stabilize the areas then rebuild them. In each case, repeatedly, the result was that it was better than before. This is the spirit of humanity.”  
“We have several hurricanes of biblical proportions heading towards America. Rains in Northern Africa and Southeast Asia are also devastating the countries affected. Nevertheless, I can assure you, it is not biblical. The reality is that many governments and scientists worldwide have been warning the world about global warming. These warnings have been either ignored, underfunded, and out rightly declared to be bad science. The reality is that earth and Mother Nature are hemorrhaging. When we as humans abuse her then she hits back. You see, America and the world, it is ‘Mother Nature’ that is punishing us, not prophets from God. It is as the scientists are saying, ‘as tragic as these storms are going to be they are self-inflicted because of our mismanagement of our world’.”   
“Now we need a plan. I alluded to this a few moments ago. Since I took office last night, I have signed several executive orders, which I will explain to you. We have also lined up resources from our allies worldwide to help us recover from these disasters quickly.”
“The first of these is that I have assurances from our allies that they will help us weather this storm, or in this case, storms. This help will come in the form of capital, supplies, and professional resources to help rebuild America once these storms have passed.”  
“Prior to my swearing in, our government has been even evacuating entire areas that have been or will be affected. This is millions and millions of people. However, we are doing it. You see, we can rebuild the infrastructure but our people are our most important asset. Save the people, and they will build again. This is what we are doing.”  
“Now we need your help; each and every one of you. Here is what we need you to do.”  
Text now replaced the image of the White House super imposed on the screen. The screen was split with Cain on one side and the text on the other.  
“The first thing I need you to do is if you have family located in the affected areas, call them and invite them into your home. Share your space; share your food, and whatever else you can provide. Maybe they will have to sleep on a couch or on the floor. However, every family that can provide private help makes it a bit less difficult for those without family and makes it easier for FEMA to manage resources.” 
The first text line looked as follows:
What Can I Do…? 
Invite your relatives and friends from affected areas to share your home.  
“The second thing we need you to do is stop driving, unless it is an emergency or for work. Use public transportation if you can. Turn off non-essential electrical devices. This will help, for unfortunately, electricity and fuel will be at a premium during these disasters.”
The text page changed.
What Can I Do…? 
Invite your relatives and friends from affected areas to share your home.  
Do not drive if not necessary. 
Use public transportation. 
Conserve electricity. 
“Thirdly, I ask that you stop the hysteria that is sweeping across the country and the world. For whatever reason, these so-called Witnesses have managed to win an extraordinary amount of money. Using this money, they have purchased advertising, TV network exposure, and huge charismatic events, nationally. They have taken natural occurrences such as weather and earthquakes and reversed them to make people feel that they are the punishment of some god or other; and they are succeeding. Many are…how I can say it…claiming the world is about to end and other religiously-related themes, which are all false.” 
The text changed again:
What Can I Do...? 
Invite your relatives and friends from affected areas to share your home.  
Do not drive if not necessary. 
Use public transportation. 
Conserve electricity.
Stop the religious hysteria. It is false doctrine.
“Realize that these men, and yes, they are just men, have no power but are controlling your mind by creating fear. They have no other powers. I ask that you take what they say with a grain of salt for they, once again, have little or no power, with the exception of causing mass hysteria.” 
Cain again went down the list, one at a time, reading each line.   
“Now on to the negative side of things that we need to do in order to protect our citizens in the affected areas; this includes all states bordering the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico. Portions of all these states will be placed under martial law. It will remain in effect until which time it is deemed safe to return and rebuild. The areas affected will be as follows. For now, it is set at approximately one-hundred and fifty miles inland on the East and Gulf coasts. This may include the areas affected by the Ohio, Missouri, and Mississippi rivers. These areas may be included in this order depending on the path of the storms up the Ohio and Missouri Valleys.” 
“In order to facilitate this order as Commander in Chief, I hereby call into service the National Guard and all state side soldiers of all branches. As of right now, all service personnel, reserve and active, are to report to their bases immediately and no later than 09:00:00 tomorrow morning.”  
“In addition, all airlines are to remain on the ground. All domestic and foreign flights will be cancelled. The entire airline industry will be placed under temporary the temporary control of the federal government as of 16:00:00 this evening, Central Standard Time. All licensed pilots are now conscripted and under military command, temporarily. The reason for this action is that we need to move all the displaced people in the affected areas to safer areas of the country. This order will include all rail and bus services. We need your cooperation. We have to have your cooperation. All transportation will be controlled by the military until this crisis is over. All foreign flights to and from the US will be suspended. I have notified our allies and all other countries flying to and from the United States of this temporary order.”  
“I have also directed the Chief of Staff of the military to immediately start drafting registered young men and women for inscription into the military.”  
He paused. Not a drop of sweat was on his forehead. He seemed incredibly in control of his mannerisms and his speech. 
Cain then started speaking again. 
“Now, in regards to martial law in these areas we have outlined. I want all of America to know there will not be a Katrina here. There will be absolutely no gang activities, no looting, no raping, no pillaging, or anything else criminal. I have instructed the military, which will be handling all security for the affected areas, to have a zero tolerance policy for those crimes and the people I just mentioned. What this means is as follows. All person or persons will submit to arrest if they are found in an affected area, after evacuation orders have been issued. No one, I repeat, no one will be allowed in any area that has been evacuated. Failure to submit to removal will be cause for use of force to remove this person or persons from the area. These persons will then be transported to a detention center where they will be detained indefinitely.”  
He paused for a moment, took a sip of water, then continued.   
“Any citizen who displays arms will be shot by military personnel with instructions to kill, not maim. These are tough actions and tough words, for tough times. However, the ninety-eight percent of law-abiding Americans and business owners need not fear for their possessions while absent from their property during this crisis. I am letting the other two percent – the thugs, gangs, and criminally minded individuals – know there is no due process under martial law, period. Therefore, for instance, loot a Wal-Mart and you can and will be detained and or shot. Rob a house, same result. Zero tolerance.” 
“No Miranda.” 
“No trial.” 
“No Habeas Corpus.” 
“If you are in this group of thugs then take your chances if you wish. I assure you, that decision, you will regret.”   
“All colleges are to suspend summer classes immediately and send your students home. We need your facilities to house and feed the families that have displaced. Your facilities will be under federal control until the crisis has ended.”    
“We have contacted all the professional sports associations and for now, all games are suspended.”  
“Next, all networks are being notified that the federal government has priority over their programming schedules. All broadcasters will make any time slots deemed necessary available for government reports and or public instructions. This includes local affiliates, cable, and anyone holding a license to broadcast on radio, satellite, or television.”   
“We are also shutting down all pipelines going to affected areas having refineries. These refineries are to be shut down completely. We do not need environmental issues along with all the other problems.”  
“Now for the good news, for I am sure many of you are saying this guy is turning the United States into Orwell’s 1984. No, we are not. As I have said before, this issue is short term. Once these disasters are over, we can and will rebuild. In the meantime, we need to protect our citizens and their property.”
He put on a big smile then said, “I have been assured by our allies and other countries of their unconditional aid to the United States. They are combining resources to give America three trillion dollars. In addition, they will provide one trillion in aid for Northern Africa, and Southeast Asia. This means we have the capital to restore whatever is destroyed. All will be repaired and these cities will be better than before.”
“I have also instructed Government Contractors like Halliburton, KBR, and Flour, for examples to assist in housing, feeding, and waste disposal. They have all agreed to help, and as we speak, are setting up temporary housing and facility management for displaced persons on closed military bases.”  
Someone walked into view and handed Cain a piece of paper. He paused to read it. Putting it down on the desk, he said,   “This note was from our energy department. It seems they are projecting that the electrical grid in New York, which also includes parts of Canada and Ohio, cannot withstand the projected weather system without damage. In a precautionary action the grid will be shut down one day before the last hurricane is to land in New York.”  
“So America, you can see that we are working for you. The world is working for you, to protect your family and your assets. As we said before we can rebuild, but we cannot replace you.”
“I would also like to address the Iran-Israeli problem and the destruction of the Temple Mount. We have spoken to Israel’s neighbors in the Mid-East and all South-East Asia countries. It is generally agreed by all that Israel should be allowed to rebuild their Temple on the destroyed Mount. We are in hopes this will be a step towards a lasting peace in the Middle East. The damage is done and what was there is no longer there. Therefore, the United States and all the other members of the security council of the UN agree with this, and a resolution will be passed by sometime Monday.”  
“One last thought; and this in goes out to those two so-called Witnesses. However, you knew of these disasters and how or whomever you are working for, realize that we will seek answers. When we have evidence of your intent to disrupt not only the United States but also the governments of the world, we will come after you, if you do not cease your charade. You only cause hysteria and you need to stop. Right now we have no charges against you but soon we will, I promise.” 
“Now to all Americans, we can do this. We can weather this for when we stand together we are strong; the strongest nation there ever was on the earth.”
“And to our allies, let us thank you in advance for your commitment to our country.” 
“Thank you for your time, and God Bless America.”  
The cameras cut and then Cain stood. His father Jordan walked over and said, “Great speech. You may well have diffused these Witnesses for a while.”
“I am motivated,” Cain replied.
“And what is this motivation you have?”
Cain looked at his father then with a grimace said, “I tried to do as they asked from me in the beginning and the result was scorn from the Council and what these people now call their God. I have a score to settle. It was my offering that was rejected, not yours. Now it’s time to avenge that action and we have the power to do so!”
Jordan looked at Cain, beaming, and said, “It’s your game now, Cain, it’s your game.” 















Chapter 72
10:35 AM Saturday Bear News Special Morning Broadcast from Kansas City Missouri 
Cain’s speech was over and Geraldo and Mary Ann were doing the commentary on Cain. They were explaining with the journalist efficiency of who, what, when, where, and why about him. This exercise was usually done on any new president after an inauguration.    
The analysts were going over the speech, tearing it apart, which was their job. Normally, they would be broadcasting a speech from an opposite party in response to Cain’s speech; but due to the closing of Washington and the temporary recess of Congress, no one came forward to do one. John thought that strange.  
Overall, as far as political charisma went, this person had it. John wanted to believe every word he said, for it all made sense. He even made sense about the calamities they were facing; but then he knew he had left out one important part. Enoch predicted them, and that no one on earth could do.  
If it were not for that, John would have been all in, for it was probably the best speech he had ever heard. Even putting people in college dorms were a stroke of genius. Taking over the airline industry to help with the evacuations was brilliant.  
However, he knew that the president had another motive in securing these people. He just did not know exactly what it was; but they would find out. That they would do.
“John.” 
He turned his head to face Don, who said, “Great speech, want to tear it apart?” 
Don handed him a stack of papers, “Read this stuff, then let’s see what we can do with it.”
“Anything good here, Don?”
“We’ll start with the airlines. They have to evacuate twenty-five million people. That would take approximately ninety-two days and they do not have that much time. You can start there. For example, on a good day LaGuardia can handle one thousand flights. At two hundred and fifty people per flight, that is only two hundred and fifty thousand a day. There are twenty-three million people in New York alone. Therefore, it would take ninety-two days just to evacuate New York. Get it?”
“You’re right; and let me add the logistics of transportation to the airport and the other millions in population in and around New York that need to be evacuated. Even if you add Newark and Kennedy airports, which handle half that each, and you still have a logistics problem. Divide that time into three and you still need thirty plus days.”  
“Yes, we do have a problem and a major one. In other words, some will get out but that will be less than thirty percent. Now no one can fly out, even people who have the money. They have to wait for the government to say ok. In addition, is he keeping people from leaving the country maybe especially the Jews? Get my point?”
“Yes I do. Now, they are all stranded. Even if you have the money, you cannot fly anywhere or use any transportation other than a car. Which as you know, Enoch is stranded, or maybe not. Mexico is not in America’s jurisdiction. I guess by next Friday he could make it there for his sermon in Mexico City.”  
“True, but we may have a problem getting you there. So we may have to truck you there with the equipment,” Don said as he laughed at that thought.  
John laughed too, “Yeah, I could go undercover as a trucker. However, on a serious note, millions of people need to be evacuated from the south, the east, and maybe the Ohio valley. Where are they going to put them? What Cain said sounds good on paper but IS not logistically possible for the mass of people that need to be relocated. In addition, I am concerned that even if they get them out and place them, say on bases or in tent cities, how long will they be there? They are still having problems in California let alone this massive project.”
“Don’t know, John, but I think what we need to do is sit on this a few days and see how hurricane Alex and Bosner shake out. Then, we can find all the flaws in the program and lay it out so everyone can understand it. We can then alert the East Coast as to what the government is really doing.”
“Sounds good, Don. Let’s get more detail if we can. Also, is your family out of New York?”
“Yes, they actually left this morning on a flight here. We rented a house temporarily in Overland Park till we can return.”  
“Good, for I need you to worry about the show, not your family. Oh, one last thing, regarding his statement about the media being made available for their emergency broadcasts. Is that a step towards censorship?”
“Don’t know. I guess we need to look into that. I assume we will be getting something from the FCC real soon, outlining their plans.”  





Chapter 73 
5:45 PM Saturday, Hidden Airstrip in Israel, Golan Heights
As Veronica had promised, they switched planes in Cuba without a hitch. They landed, walked across the tarmac, then boarded a commercial type jet and took off.  
Several hours later, they landed in what appeared to be the same place Enoch had landed before. “Is this the same place?” Enoch asked.
“No, Enoch, it just looks the same. We are further north this time.”
As before, they all got into the back of a military style truck and took off. As they sat swaying back and forth on the dirt road, Stevenson asked, “Where are we going?” 
Veronica took up the conversation. She explained to Stevenson that for now he needed to lay low. They would be looking for him. He said he understood but asked again, where they were going. She replied, “Have you ever heard of the underground city discovered in Turkey, built around 800 BC, called Derinkuyu? 
“Yes, I remember that I studied it in college. It housed twenty to thirty thousand people correct?” 
“You are correct, Mr. President. We are headed to something similar. It is an area that has not been fully occupied for several thousands of years. It is a series of tunnels and living spaces, which were used by the early Israelis. It was last used during the Babylonian exile when many Jews hid there for several generations. Everyone but the caretakers vacated the area. For the past twenty-five hundred years, it has been hidden from view and no one knows about it but Elijah, the caretakers and I.”
“Really!” Stevenson exclaimed. “Is it habitable? I mean it’s thousands of years old.”
“Yes it is and it was prepared over the past few years by Elijah and me as a sanctuary. We knew we needed a safe place for people like you and many others, who will be joining us over the next few years. It is fully and completely operational and well hidden. No one, absolutely no one, other than Elijah, me, and a few of our associates know where it is.”
“Where is it located?” Enoch asked.
“North of the Golan Heights, near the Syrian border, Enoch.”
“Bit of a ways from central Israel, isn’t it?”
“Best place ever. Very few stragglers go there from Israel or anywhere else.”
 “Does it have water, or electricity, communications?” Stevenson asked.
“You may be surprised what it has, Mr. President…you will be quite surprised.”
Veronica sat back, crossed her arms, and closed her eyes and said, “For now, why don’t we sit back and relax. We have a very long ride ahead of us; two to three hours of back roads.”  
Enoch leaned over to Veronica, “What about Mexico City, is that still on?”
She opened her eyes and gave me the high eyebrow look from her right eye, for her last statement was to leave her alone. She turned her head to me and said, “Yes, I think so. However, you will be making a last minute appearance most likely. For now, we will weather out the storms and the political fallout. Worse case, we can reschedule it. Now Enoch, I really need some rest, and so do you.”  
He heard his cue and shut up. He then leaned back, looked at her then Stevenson, and shook his head as he thought, I guess I am just going along for the ride.  








Chapter 74 
6:45 PM Saturday Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein’s Office, Jerusalem, Israel
They had just finished watching Cain’s speech and his building of the Temple statement had left them perplexed. This was completely out of character. They had still not heard back from Michael about the votes from the Knesset, which they needed by sundown or Elijah might well go ahead with his threat. Yona, Jacob, and Shlomo were there with the Prime Minister, and were discussing the new president, Cain.  
Carla stuck her head in and said, “Prime Minister, Michael is on the phone.”
“Great,” he replied, “transfer it in please.” Finally, at last an answer he thought. 
She closed the door. He turned on the conference unit and then they heard Michael say, “David?” 
“Yes, we are here, Michael.”
“Well, I have good news for you. After Cain’s speech, the additional votes we needed were given in favor of building the Temple. The good news is it is not even sundown,” Michael then laughed.  
David realized the laugh was probably about Elijah’s ultimatum. From Michael’s tone, he thought his sundown statement funny or David’s concerns, ridiculous. He put that thought aside and asked, “So does this mean we can issue a press release immediately saying we are going to rebuild the Temple with Elijah’s help?”
“Yes, I suppose you can do that. However, I would prefer that you just tell Elijah for now. We still need to work out the details such as money appropriations, style, bids, as any project we do. Once we have this completed, we can then announce it to the world.”  
“Well Michael, I agree with you. However, I have no way to contact Elijah and it seems he has sort of disappeared.”  
“I suggest you wait till he contacts you, David. I am sure he will do so before sundown.”  
“I don’t know, Michael. I would really prefer not to take that chance. Can’t we just do a press release? This way, Elijah will, I am sure, see that we came through?”
“Are you afraid of him, David?”
That was direct shot, he supposed from Michael. He read him easily on that one. He decided to take a side door.
“No, cautious Michael, just cautious.”  
“You always are David, you always are. Hold on for a second, please.”  
David sat back in the chair fidgeting, while they waited on hold for a few minutes. Michael finally came back on the line and said, “Here is what we can do. Issue a statement that the Israeli government will be making plans to rebuild the Temple. Then quantify in the release that more information will be released as details emerge. Will that work for you?”
“Sounds like a plan, Michael. So in the meantime, when can you get the appropriations done?”  
“Well we do have plans that were drawn up before, but the costs estimates are over forty years old. Plans will need to be updated so we know what we are spending and where the money will come from. It may be two or three weeks, if we are lucky.”
“That makes sense, Michael. Let me ask another question. Can we at least start evacuations and use slush funds for now? Enoch says he knows where the Ark of the Covenant is, among other things.”
“How much are we talking, David?”
“Somewhere around five to six million shekels for evacuations but then, we need to clear the top. So to be safe, let’s say maybe ten to twelve million. That’s about two to four million American dollars.”
“Well, let me put it this way, David…if you authorize this we won’t raise a ruckus about it. Do as you feel is necessary. I will cover it here, for now anyway.”  
“Thanks, Michael.”
“Don’t thank me, David; thank the Knesset. 
“I will, but again, thanks.”  
The phone went dead then David turned to Yona and said, “I think that this news needs to be announced by our Chief Rabbinates. So set up a press conference. Yona, you are elected to tell the world!”
Yona, beaming, stood up as he replied, “Yes sir!”


























Chapter 75
11:30 AM Saturday Bear News, Temporary Offices of John Roddenburg, Kansas City, Missouri 
Well it appeared that they had finally caught up with the news. The only new item was a press conference in Israel hosted by one of the Chief Rabbinates. Yona Salant stated that the Israeli government had approved funds to clear the Temple Mount. He stated that a study was in process to update plans for the Temple, which had been drawn up some time ago. They needed to get new cost estimates.  
There was no news from Enoch or the former president, Stevenson, since they left in the helicopter. But then, it had not even been 24 hours since they had been gone.  
John was sitting in the conference area having some coffee when Don came over and said, “Your assistant, Sherry Marks called you from New York. She said that there was something in your email and that it was urgent.” 
“Did she say or hint at what it is?”  
“No, but she said it was urgent, so you need to call her immediately. You are not on again until the evening news, that is unless some other breaking news occurs.  
John picked up the phone on the conference table, dialed their New York office and asked to be transferred to his office.
Sherry answered on the first ring. She must have been sitting there waiting. “Hello? John?” she asked.
“Yes, it’s me Sherry. What do you have that is so urgent?”
“Well, as you know, I scan your email for you and only forward what may be important to you. Well I did not forward this one because you have a habit of letting them accumulate in your inbox.  
“And?” John asked.
“There was this email that appeared to be from the White House Press Secretary. However, when I opened it I found that it was not from him. The email address had an additional character inserted into it. It was made to look like their email address but it was not. So I virus-checked the content then opened it. Once I read it, I called the studios in Kansas City to reach you. 
Well, she was efficient; but always had to tell you a story before you got out of her what the result was.  
“What does it say, Sherry?” 
“Here, I will read it to you. ‘ Mr. Roddenburg you do not know me but I need to pass some information on to you and Enoch. The first item is that the new President, Cain has signed an executive order, EO 15133, allowing for the declaration of martial law this morning, after his speech.’ Paragraph,” Sherry said. 
“Just read it please, skip the color.”
“Ok John, just trying to be efficient.” She continued reading, “‘As you know, in his speech this morning, he was limiting martial law only to affected areas. His statement on the media was that it needed to be available to broadcast emergency information as needed. During this period, the government can limit what the press reports and the FCC can suspend the licenses of communications companies that do not comply one hundred percent. After the speech, I overheard Cain talking to other people saying that he could use this to shut down Bear News. Therefore, I want to warn you, the way it sits right now, only The Network will be allowed to broadcast in the United States after Tuesday morning. Please do not try to find me or track the origin of this email. I have taken a great risk sending this to you. I would also appreciate it if you would clean the email once you have read it and do a military level two wipe on the content’.” 
“It is then signed ‘Yours in Christ Jesus’.”
“That’s it, John. I looked up the executive order and he is correct. Once martial law is declared, they can suspend our license or the license of anyone to broadcast in the United States. Of course, they would have to say we are interfering in the country’s security.”
“Any idea or lead on the individual who may have sent this, Sherry?”
“No, but it appears it is someone who is an insider who does not like what is taking place.” 
John paused thoughtfully, and then asked, “Where is Chris, Sherry?”
“In his office, I think.”  
“Ok, get a copy of this to him, immediately. Delete the email and scrub the computer. This person is probably right and I do not want anyone to be able to track him. He may know more.”
“Will do, John. Should I have Chris call you immediately?”   
“Definitely, I will stay here by the phone till he does.” 
After he placed the receiver back in the cradle John went over to the coffee pot and poured himself another cup of coffee. His mind was reeling.  
He had just about gulped down half the cup when the phone rang. He picked it up, assuming it was Chris Morgan, Bear News’ principal stockholder and chairman.
“Hello,” John said
“John?”
“Yes, it’s me Chris, I have been waiting for you to return my call.”
“I have a copy here from your assistant. What is your take on this?” 
“I got an email in my inbox. We thought it was from the White House, but it was not. So Sherry, my assistant, called me here in Kansas City and read it to me. I immediately called your office, and that’s all we know.”  
“Any idea who may have sent it?”
“No, not a clue. It appears to be someone in Waldger’s Group who has inside information and wants us to have it.”
“So do you believe that is what they may try to do, shut us down?”
“I don’t know, Chris. I do know that shutting us down would not surprise me. We all know that our constitutional rights allow us to do many things that other countries do not allow on the air, and our government cannot stop us. However, since 911, new powers were given to the Executive Branch of the government. They could control the airwaves if the event of martial law were implemented.”
“Yes, you are right, John. If you remember, there was a big issue about this loss of rights in Congress. However, the nation was in a moment of crisis during this period so a lot of power was given to them.”  
“So what do you suggest we do in anticipation of this, Chris?”
“We have other alternatives, John, as you know. The first is that we could fight them in court but that will take time; and by the time we obtained a hearing all these disasters would be over. The second alternative is that we just move our facilities from the United States to Canada, Mexico, or any of the other countries in which we have a license.”  
“But our main broadcasting facilities are here in the US.”
“Yes, you are right. We do have sufficient bandwidth in other countries. The only issue is that here in the US you will not see our broadcast unless you have a satellite system. Not Direct TV style satellite but the older systems from the 80’s and early 90’s. However, we could always broadcast through the internet. Viewers could use these new products from Google, Apple, and Microsoft, among others, to obtain the broadcasts.”
“So what do you think we should do then?”
“The best defense is a good offense. I suggest we go public today and tell them what Cain and Waldger may be intent on doing. Your evening broadcast is several hours away. During that time, we can get some legal experts and government people on our side before we break this story. Maybe that will stall them for a while. In addition, I will have our lawyers look into the actual law itself in the event they move forward. They can see what we can possibly do to delay their actions before Washington completely shuts down next week.”  
“And if this scenario does not work, Chris, what then?”
“Worst case, John, we will broadcast from our affiliates worldwide. We will then keep broadcasting until they come and shut us down. That will take some time. At last count we are licensed in over one-hundred countries and we own many of the satellites orbiting earth.”
“Thanks, Chris, I know you will do your best. I think that now, more than ever, the world needs us to report the news truthfully, not the lies like The Network.” 
“Yes, all that is happening is serious, John. I can tell you that even though we do not yet know the content of their meetings here in Kansas City, I am beginning to think they are really planning to take over the world. If that does occur, John, then no matter where we go, they will be in control. Also John, we have stockholders. We do not really know whose side they are on. I own the bulk of the stock but not all of it. I have only about forty-eight-percent. If we are outnumbered and not able to broadcast they may well think it is because they feel we are on the wrong side. Then even I could not help you or us.”
“I understand, unfortunately, but I do understand.”  
“Keep doing what you are doing, John. I will start things on my side and you can start putting fear into our viewers that the only network that tells the truth may be taken off the air.”
“Will do, Chris. I will start this on the evening edition tonight. Talk with you soon.” 
“Thanks, John.”
John hung up the phone then stared at the monitor showing the current broadcast as he thought to himself, can they or will they really take us off the air? As he mulled it over, he realized that no matter what…he would fight to make sure that all would hear the truth, not the lies of The Network. He knew that Brad Williams was gloating. He was sure he knew what was about to happen.  
As he leaned back in his chair, he had an idea, but then he would need Enoch’s help. He wondered if it was even ethical to ask Enoch to help with this. He really needed to ask him what he thought.  
John picked up the phone and had Don paged.  “Do you think that we can send a message to Enoch to contact me on the air, using a subliminal suggestion?” he asked.  
Don did not respond for a moment then he asked why. John gave him a run down on the email and his conversation with Chris. After hearing the situation, Don replied, “Yes, I think we can get one of the afternoon anchors to say something that he may hear, hopefully.”


Chapter 76 
11:00 AM Saturday Waldger meeting at Center City Convention Center, Kansas City, Missouri
Aafre had told David to contact all the delegates there and have them assemble at 11:00 that day. They were way off schedule for they should have finished the open meeting yesterday with their guests. Today they were to have the closed meeting with the core members of the group.  
For the first time since David knew him, Aafre seemed stressed. He had even said to him earlier, “David, this is moving way too fast… way to fast.”  
He then told him that in anticipation of the airlines shutting down as per President Cain’s instructions, the meeting this morning would be very short. He wanted to make sure the delegates could return to their countries immediately.
At precisely 11:00 AM, Aafre ascended to the podium, and after his customary greetings, he began speaking.  
“As you all well know, the United States is under siege by the Witnesses, Enoch and Elijah. You have heard about their power from the experts. I have heard many of you speaking among yourselves that you find all of this difficult to believe. I assure you that we share your concerns; however, the reality is they are here and the other reality is that we need to prepare for the final solution. We do not have a lot of time to do so.”
“Seven years is not a long time, especially when you need to unite the entire world as one. Too many people, just like those of you assembled here today and their cultures find it difficult to bind together. Nevertheless, it must be done. In our group here, we have several countries that are the major powers in the world today. The one thing we must not allow at this time is to let any one country or any one group not be a part of what needs to be done. Our entire infrastructure of commerce, productivity, politics, as well as our lives are at stake here. Now is not the time for dissent among us. If you look around you at the individuals assembled here, you will see the people who not only rule but the ones, who shape policy, provide the funds, and also provide the stability we now need.”
“It is still raining in Africa. Many of these nations are being, destroyed. What will be left in parts of the Middle East is chaos. We need to stabilize each area as these two Witnesses continue to battle earth, its people, and cause destruction. We need everyone’s help to keep the world stable.”  
“In their prophecies they are very clear that they will wipe out approximately one third or more of mankind. These Witnesses will do as they did in Egypt so many years ago by attacking the earth and its people to create fear. What we have seen so far is only the beginning.”
“Now with that said, we have been working on a plan for many years. This plan will divide the Earth into three or four spheres of power in order to control the damage being done. This will ensure that we are ready when the Terror of the Skies return or as Doctor Ottenberg calls them, the Watchers. I had put up a map of the world earlier which shows this plan, and we are now going to put it up again.”  
The world map was back up on the screen. David could see from the table where he was sitting that many in the audience were not dealing well with Aafre’s plan for the world. Each one was probably wondering what power they themselves would lose and have to give over to Aafre. He continued speaking.  
“You will see the shaded areas of the world in four different colors. Each one represents the four spheres of influence. You will notice that geographically, there are areas spilling into one another. However, to make this simple we have created a chart for you.  
The slide then changed to show a list of four spheres of power with almost every country in the world listed on it.
“Now, in order to consolidate the powers of the world into three or four spheres, we suggest the following. All the countries under the original Roman Empire will be consolidated under Sphere 1 and under the direction of the common market. The Shanghai Cooperative is Sphere 2, to which several other Asian countries will be attached. In Sphere 3 is be the Americas, except the United States. Then Sphere 4 encompasses all the countries in Africa and the Middle East or south East Asia, which are not included in any other spheres.” 
“The way we are doing this will consolidate countries by cultures and resources. Eventually, by the time of the Watchers’ return, we will have consolidated all these into one single governing force. Each sphere will elect a leader. These leaders will then elect their leaders. All commerce will then center between these spheres. All the world’s military will be under one rule.”
“I am sure that many out there are saying absolutely not! We understand this. No one wants to give up what they have. Nevertheless, we need to work together in this direction. Maybe a country here and there will want to move to another sphere. All of these things can and will be worked out. But before we all decide that this is too difficult of a task to accomplish, let me remind you of this.” 
He paused, catching his breath. Then starting slowly, getting increasingly louder until he was almost shouting, he said, “If we do not unite, if we do not prepare, I can promise you that the invasion from out there,” pointing to the roof of the theatre, “by the same visitors we have had before, will result in a thousand years of slavery. All of you will be enslaved or destroyed. Then all we have in this world will be lost.” 
He stopped and scanned the audience stopping to look at certain individuals whom David knew thought he was either crazy or power hungry. He purposely singled them out with his eyes stopping to make eye contact with them. He continued, “We now need to adjourn this meeting. As you have heard this morning, American airspace is being taken over temporarily to help evacuate its citizens from affected areas. Therefore, most of you will need to make your arrangements immediately to return to your homes. Each of you will be contacted within a few days. I know some of you will be having your own meetings and I want you to keep in mind always; we are in this together.”  
Aafre then stepped from the podium and the meeting ended.  



Chapter 77 
8:30 PM Saturday somewhere near the Israeli-Syrian Border in the Golan Heights 
The truck halted, awakening Enoch. He had dozed off. It was hot out and he was sweaty. Veronica was already getting out and helping Stevenson’s wife out of the truck. 
He looked around at his surroundings. It was dusk or a bit past for the light was fading. He could still make out the background, which seemed to be in the middle of nowhere. All he could see was desert and mountains made up of boulders and towering heights. There was a shepherd and his dog with some grazing sheep about a mile or so down the slope. Other than that, there was absolutely nothing.  
They seemed to be in a canyon of some sort. He looked over at Veronica who was pulling out suitcases and other items with the help of whom Enoch assumed was one of the drivers of the truck. “So where are we, Veronica?” he asked. “Are we camping out?” 
She stopped what she was doing to respond, “We are sort of north in what Israelis call the ‘Masada of the North’ in the Golan Heights area. It has a rich history of sustaining Jews during the Roman Siege, which ended in 70 AD or CE. Nine thousand Jews jumped to their deaths about fifty miles south of where we are right now.”  
She smiled, probably guessing what his next comment would be, but she said it instead, “No Enoch, we’re not here to jump to our deaths.”  
She then pointed to an area between several large rocks and said, “We will be going in there. Once we pass those boulders, some things will start to make sense to you. So…Enoch, grab some of this stuff for we need to get this truck hidden soon. U.S. satellites will be passing near this area and we don’t need any attention.”  
He grabbed a box from the truck and following after Veronica and the driver.  
As they passed through the rocks, they came into a small area surrounded by even more boulders. There was a small cave to the left. She walked up to it and ducked in; the others followed. Enoch had to duck too, for the narrow opening was a slit, less than five feet by about two feet.   
Once inside, they made several turns until they stepped out into a large room with smooth walls. Veronica put down the suitcase she was carrying and Enoch followed suit. She walked over to speak to one of the guards who then went to a wall, reached behind an outcropping of rock and pulled on something that Enoch could not see. As he backed away, the rock wall beside Enoch started to move. He jumped out of the way, as it opened towards him. He stared at the moving rock as he heard the hydraulics working in the background, knowing that this wall of rock had to weigh several tons.  
The sounds ended as the rock wall stopped moving. A strangely dressed person came out to greet Veronica from the other side. He was dressed almost like a Roman soldier from about two hundred BC. He had long hair tied off with a headband, a full beard, black eyes, and was about six four, if not taller. He was a large person. 
Veronica told them all to follow her and they entered the room that had been opened after the wall moved. It was well lit and Enoch could see that it the walls were polished rock and smooth as sheetrock.  
Within a few minutes, the other person who had come with the driver, along with two others, brought the rest of the boxes and suitcases into the room. Once they had set those down the ‘Roman’ walked over and punched in some numbers, and the rock wall started to close.  
“Is this the Israeli Cheyenne Mountain?” Enoch asked Veronica.
She did not answer. He followed her gaze and found himself looking into Elijah’s smiling face, as he said, “No, this was built in 900 BC by Jeroboam. It was built in secret during his twenty-two year reign of Northern Israel. This particular structure was started, but never finished, by Solomon during his reign. Prior to building this structure, Jeroboam was the superintendent over King Solomon’s tribesmen, while still a young man under his rule. They built the fortress, Mello in Jerusalem and other public works. Obviously, this facility has been modernized since then. This place has been used at one time or another by…,” he paused for a moment then continued, “well, persons that would surprise you.”  
He smiled at Enoch then said, “Oh, by the way, Enoch,” as he looked over at the former President and his wife “also you President Stevenson, and your lovely wife, welcome to the refuge.” He smiled as he said, “Follow me; I will give you the grand tour.” 
Elijah found a keypad and typed in a code, and a door in the center wall opened. He walked through it and they followed. As they walked down the hall or tunnel Enoch noticed that it was hewn out of pure rock which was almost as smooth as marble. He also noticed that despite the heat outside, the temperature inside here was cool.  
As if reading his mind, Elijah said, “The earth inside caves is always cooler than outside, and year round, maintains a temperature of about 68 degrees.”  
He continued on, “No one knows this facility exists in the world, including the Israelis. This tunnel and many more lead to areas that can handle about thirty-thousand people, livestock, and storage areas for food and equipment. It can also house about four-hundred horses and their necessary equipment like saddles and food for them. The last time it was at capacity was during the Babylonian exile. Somewhere around twenty thousand plus Jews lived here starting in 597 BCE until around 539 when the exiled Jews returned to Israel and then began to build the second Temple. A few were left to maintain it and keep it a secret. It was used again in 66 AD through about 135 AD. This was during the Roman dispersion and the period when the Temple was destroyed. Eventually, most left here and went to countries in Europe and some to Northern Africa during what is called the Diaspora. But once again, it was maintained and modernized as needed over time.”     
“You will notice that the ground slopes down. This main hallway goes about one hundred meters, which is about the same as a football field. It continues for five layers and at the bottom, we are about a hundred meters below the surface from the flat area you arrived in. It’s carved into the solid rock below the mountain that was in front of you.”
Stevenson asked, “Elijah, how come no one has ever found it?” 
“The Levites as you know were the blessed tribe of Moses but Aaron’s ancestors became the high priests. However, the Levites were musicians, gatekeepers, watchers, temple officials, judges, and artisans. They were placed here from the beginning for they could be trusted. Since then, they have maintained it and it has been here almost three thousand years. They are God’s servants from birth until death; so they have kept this a secret at any cost and with God’s blessing to do so.”
He then stopped and turned right which brought them into a very large room with an estimate of twenty-five-hundred square feet. The walls were of solid rock. It was painted or stained, a slight crème color. The ceiling was lit, it appeared, from hidden recess lights. There were various couches, chairs, tables, electric lamps, and a long table that seem to be able to seat between twenty and thirty at one time. A large bowl of fruits was in the center. To the right was what looked like a bar, which held wine and other drinks. On the other wall was a sixty-inch high definition Samsung television. 
Elijah, waiting for everyone to gawk at the room, eventually said to Stevenson, “Welcome home, this is yours for now.” 
He then went to a door along another wall and opened it. They all walked over and looked in. It was a bedroom with a king sized bed, dresser and closet. When they had walked in, he opened another door and flipped on a switch. As the light came on they could see that there was a bathroom with a combination shower and tub, a double sink, a mirror, and running water.”
“This is too much Elijah. I mean, we don’t need this much,” Stevenson said.
“Yes you do, for you are going to be busy. This is a sanctuary for you and your wife. You are a leader and you will have many people to lead here soon. This you will be grateful to have for meetings and to take care of your business. We will discuss all that later. For now, please follow me, for I have more to show you.”
They followed him out of the room back to the hallway. He turned left and the ground started sloping down more sharply than before. At the bottom, he opened a door. When they had walked in, everyone’s mouth dropped.  
It was a very large well-lit room and it was covered with monitors and computers, wall to wall. There were about twenty to thirty persons in front of the monitors. They had stopped to look at Elijah and his group as they walked in, but then returned to whatever they were doing after their curiosity had been satisfied.  
“What is this?” Enoch asked.
Elijah laughed as he replied, “Enoch, what do you think it is. You worked in the computer industry as a mortal, didn’t you?”
“Yes, but this stuff, here?” 
Elijah laughed and said, “OK I get it. You think that we don’t need this stuff for God is all seeing and hearing?”
“Well yes, I guess so, yes, that is what I thought. Is this how He does it?”
“First off, God is not here. Secondly, this is our communications and information room. It allows us to monitor what is occurring in the world. It monitors the internet, government, and military communications along with other uses. Also Enoch, it will not be long before Waldger and his one world government will censor communications worldwide and this will be the control center to broadcast the truth, even after you and I are gone.”
“How does it work?” Enoch asked. 
“Basically, it uses a type of internet access using a satellite.”
“Couldn’t they just shut down this satellite you are using?”
“Not this one, Enoch.”
“Why not?”
It doesn’t orbit the earth. It orbits another heavenly body.”
“Where?” 
“Later, Enoch. I will explain it later.”
With that, one of the people working in the room stood up walked over to Elijah and handed him a note. Elijah read it then said to Enoch, “It appears that Bear Broadcasting is trying to reach you. Follow me.” 
The technician walked over to a monitor using a high tech keyboard that Enoch had never seen before for it was just a hologram in 3D. He typed in some commands and the Bear News broadcast came up on the monitor. The Levite typed in some commands and the broadcast rewound. Then Enoch heard Mary Ann say, “We have not heard from either Enoch or Elijah in quite a while. If you are hearing this, Enoch, let us know how you are doing when you can. In other news…” The monitor image froze.  
Elijah said, “It appears that John may be having a problem. We can use the telephone in the conference room which is next to this one.”  
As they headed for the next room, Stevenson asked, “How do you power this, Elijah? It would seem getting energy in here would be a red flag.”
“Everything is self-contained, President Stevenson. The best I can tell you now is that our power is, well, sort of out of this world technology.”
“Oh, I guess we should just be glad it’s there?”
“You are correct.”
Elijah opened another door to reveal a conference room with a monitor, along with a conference table surrounded by upholstered chairs. As he walked in, Enoch saw two men sitting there with their backs to the door. When they turned towards him, he recognized Gabriel and Ariel. 
“Welcome to Eden II, Enoch,” Gabriel said, as he and Ariel stood. “And of course you also, President Stevenson. We were expecting you, as you can tell.”
“Really?” Stevenson asked. 
“Yes, Sir, we were” Ariel replied. “You were not one of them and we can use your talents here. We will discuss why we knew you would be coming later. In the meantime, please sit down.”
They all sat down. Elijah told them that he needed to call Bear News so Gabriel got up and opened a drawer and retrieved what looked like a space age speakerphone. It was carved in an odd shape like a couple of horns facing each other and it seemed to be made from stone. He placed it on the table and touched a corner of it and it came to life. A person’s voice came through and asked, “May I help you?”
Gabriel motioned to Enoch and he assumed that he was to tell them what he wanted, so he said, “I need to reach John Roddenburg at Bear news.”
“Please hold.” 
It was like the old days when they did not have direct dial and had operators instead.  
Gabriel seeing we were all fascinated with the device with a big smile on his face said; “Now you know how the Ark worked!”
“Amazing” I said “Does it use the Internet?”
“Sort of Enoch but I will explain later. However, let me tell you this much. Make sure and tell John there is about a 5 second delay between transmissions so to expect that.”
“Sure, but why?”
“The data stream has a long way to travel. Also the NSC in the U.S. could never tap or intercept it because it does not originate in normal channels.”
“Oh.”
The stone device started glowing and soon, Enoch heard John’s voice.  
“Enoch?” 
“Yes, John. We received your message on Bear News and called as soon as we could.”  
“Who is with you?” he asked.
Enoch looked around, not sure if he should tell who was there. Then Elijah said, “Hello John, this is Elijah. I am here with Enoch, President Stevenson, his wife and two of the associates of our ministry. I assume that something is wrong?”
“Yes there is, Elijah.” John explained the issue with the possible shut down and that The Network was the only news outlet the government was allowing to broadcast, uncensored.  
After hearing this Elijah said to John, “We knew this would happen, John; for they don’t like you supporting us or Christianity. You are right. Eventually they will control the airwaves and media outlets, not only in America, but in the entire world. However, we have a solution, if you are willing.”
“What would that be, Elijah?” John asked
“Well first off, I doubt they will shut you down tomorrow but then Cain has a temper; so we are not sure when. Most likely, they will move in on you after the hurricanes. In the meantime, Enoch will threaten the Waldger group on your network. That will buy you some time; maybe a month or two maybe, but then eventually, they will stop caring about public opinion. They will then totally shut you down and probably occupy your facilities worldwide. When that happens, I need you to come here with Stevenson, along with your most trusted staff, or at least the ones that will come. With yours and Stevenson’s help we will create a new media news machine underground.”
“Where would that be? I mean, Waldger can shut down all the satellite access, including ours.”
Elijah then said, “Let my associate here address your concern.”
“John, this is Gabriel.” 
Enoch could just imagine John almost falling off his chair.  
“This much I can tell you, if you are willing to join us, we can create a secure, twenty-four hour, seven days a week, non-traceable broadcast that can be seen on any cable network, satellite system and the internet, undetected. I know that seems impossible but you need to trust us that it can and will be done. This network will let the people know the truth of this evil one world government takeover by the Anti-Christ and the Beast. We will need you and your staff, for the world trusts you and so do we. You just have to trust us. We will provide for the needs of your family and that of your staff.”  
John didn’t answer very quickly, but then he asked, “Can I think about this?”
“Yes and I expect you to. It is an important decision, for where we will bring you will be your home for about seven years. Whatever you have there you will have to leave behind. So take your time. You will be seeing Enoch on Friday in Mexico City and you can let him know your decision from there. Is that fair?”
“Yes, it is…, Gabriel,” John then paused, then very slowly as if unsure of what he was asking, “I assume this is the same Gabriel who Enoch mentioned during our interviews?” 
“Yes John, the same.”
“Wow,” he said. Enoch could picture John in his, office in shock.
“We will talk later, and in the meantime, you will receive a video from Enoch in a couple of days that you can use,” Elijah said. “It will be taped from our studios here so you get an idea of our abilities. So watch your emails.”
“Sure Elijah, sure. I will look for it then broadcast it.”
“Thanks John,” Elijah said, “We knew we could count on you.” 
Enoch then said, “John, we will be back with you soon. In the meantime, keep up the good work.” After that, the line was disconnected. 
It was Gabriel who spoke first. “Let us sit and have some food. The Levites have made a special Mediterranean meal for all of you and we have a lot to discuss.” 
They all rose and followed Elijah and Gabriel out the door. 





Chapter 78
12:30 PM Saturday David Matthews’ Suite, Center City, Kansas City, Missouri 
David had just finished packing, except for his laptop, which was connected to their facilities in Belgium. In the meantime, he had helped some of the attendees to make travel arrangements back to their respective countries. Due to the change in plans, the plane they had arrived in was still in Rome, and Aafre was in a hurry to return. Through Cain and the military staff, they were able to obtain Air Force II, the companion to Air Force I, to get them back to Belgium.  
About that time, there was a beep on his laptop, which was coded for emergency. He rushed over to it and hit the return button. He entered his password and read the text. David clicked on the link and his counterpart Paul Kwan came on the screen. They exchanged greetings then he sat down and listened to what Paul had to say. 
“David, we just intercepted a phone call that originated somewhere in the world using a satellite owned by the Waldger Group. As a precaution, we monitored the conversation. It was spoken in an unknown language, and we could not trace the origin or the recipient of the call. It lasted about twelve minutes and David, when the call was completed; the data was erased from the host, on the satellite. That is well…impossible. I know I am not losing my mind.”
“Did you capture any of the data?” David asked.
“Yes, we saved the stream as well as the conversation; but no one has ever heard this language before. Also even though it was not authorized, the link-up overrode not only the satellite but also our ground systems.”  
That is not possible David thought, at least with the technology, as far as I know it. 
He told Paul, “Keep working on it. Get the computers to tear it apart phrase by phrase. I am on my way back and will be there as soon as I can.”
“Okay David, we will see you then.”
He signed off. David smiled as he thought that this had to be Enoch and Elijah’s doing. They have help that is out of this world. With that thought, he powered down the laptop, closed the lid, and put it in the case. Then, he picked up the telephone and requested a porter for his things.
He was excited for now he knew they had better technology than Waldger did, and he wanted to know what it was!




 

 



















Chapter 79
9:15 PM Saturday Eden II, Northern Israel
They returned to the big room they were in earlier and the table had been set for them. They sat down. Then a woman dressed in clothing that looked to be from the old biblical days came in carrying a stone pitcher and started filling the glasses with what appeared to be wine. Also on the table were olives of various forms, breads, fresh butter, and other dishes of food.
Elijah picked up his glass, took a sip, and said, “The nectar of the gods.” He smiled as he placed his glass back on the table. “They make their own wine here and have been doing so for three thousand years. It is not commercially available. I am sure you will like it.”
They all then took that as their clue to take a drink.
When he was through Stevenson said, “This wine is incredible; and I have tasted my share of fine wine. I agree, nectar from the gods!”
“I am happy you like it,” Gabriel replied.  
Elijah then said to everyone, “I am not sure if you know it or not; but the Israelis have decided to build the third Temple. I will be leaving here sometime tomorrow to supervise the cleanup and open the vault of Solomon, which is hidden under the old Temple. For the first time in thousands of years, the world will know the Ark has been…found along with various utensils needed for the Temple.” He raised his glass then, “Here is a toast to the God Almighty and his son Jesus Christ. His plan is in place and soon the world will know His grace.”
They all raised their glasses in a toast then started on the food.  
Soon after they were through eating, Stevenson said that he and his family were tired and would like to retire for the day. He also asked where the aide who had accompanied them was. Elijah told him that he was being cared for and Stevenson would see him tomorrow.  
At that point, Gabriel, Ariel, Elijah, and Enoch left the room. “Follow us, Enoch, I need to show you your quarters and then we all need to talk,” Elijah said.  
The men went deeper into the tunnels until they finally came to a room. They went inside. There were pillows on the floor and a fire burning in the middle of the room. The smoke went up a shaft in the ceiling.
When they were all sitting on the pillows surrounding the fire, Elijah said, “Enoch, you must now take your place among us as you were intended to. We are going to help you obtain this.”  
Enoch said nothing but instead, waited for him to continue. 
He said, “I want you to sit cross-legged with your hands clasped, head bowed, and eyes closed. What I am going to do is start speaking to you in a language you will not understand but soon will. As I speak, try to clear your mind of everything. Gabriel and Ariel will both have a hand on each of your shoulders. When you start responding to me keep your eyes closed until I ask you to open them.” 
Enoch did as he said and Gabriel, then Ariel on the other side, placed their hands on his shoulders with Elijah facing him. He closed his eyes and bowed his head as the other prophet started speaking in a language that Enoch had never heard before. 
As he spoke, Enoch’s mind started having visions of things past. Like his dreams, he was again in the place where the air was fresh and the ground was so green, but somewhat unstable. Those around him were dressed in robes of various colors such as he used to see in the pictures in the illustrated Bible his parents had when he was a child. 
Everyone was darker skinned, including himself, for he could see his hands. He was wearing a ring, which was gold with a ruby inset. The people around him seemed to be waiting for him to say something but he could not understand what they were asking.  
He then saw a man whom he recognized. He shouted out, “Methuselah, my son!” Behind him, he saw his father, Jared. They looked so young. “Welcome back from your journey, Enoch,” his father said.
At that, his son came forward, reaching out to him as he asked, “Are you alright, father?” Enoch then looked into his eyes and could hear the others around him and his son talking and showing concern that he may not be all there. 
“Yes, I am now fine. The Lord has opened my eyes, and now I understand,” he finally said.
Jared then asked, “Do you know now who you are, son?”   
“Yes father, I do.”
At that moment, he was in a different place where everything seemed to be made of light. He was in a field somewhere and there was a man walking towards him. He was not dark-skinned, but of a light olive in complexion with light brownish blonde hair. He had piercing blue eyes and stood about 5 foot 11 inches tall. As he drew closer, Enoch recognized him, and as soon as he did, dropped to his knees and bowed his head.  
The other man walked up to Enoch and placed his hand on his head, “Enoch,” he said. Enoch lifted his eyes to Jesus. “It is time for you to go; the time of man soon will end.”
Enoch then felt a hand touching him. It belonged to his earthly mother. He was maybe eleven or twelve and she was telling him that he had to get up to go to Sunday School, and to quit acting like a child. Then he fast-forwarded to his first meeting with Gabriel and Ariel and the conversation they had had. 
Then Enoch felt his body shudder. There was a burning sensation behind his eyes as if everything about him was filling his thoughts at an incredible speed as if fast-forwarding a video tape. He felt his skin tingling as if his body was changing. Then he heard Elijah voice, “Open your eyes, Enoch.” He did as he was commanded.  
Elijah continued to speak and Enoch continued to respond. 
“Do you know who you are?”  Elijah asked.
Responding in the language in which the question was posed, Enoch said that he knew exactly who he was. 
“I am Enoch, son of Jared, father of Methuselah, grandfather of Lamech, and great grandfather of Noah. The reason for being here is to pave the way for the Lord God almighty his son Jesus and fight for the souls of man against the Anti-Christ, the offspring of Lucifer himself. I have been charged by the Lord God and His son, Jesus the Christ to do all I can in tandem with you, Elijah, to convince man to turn to God and Jesus, till our time has ended.” 
Enoch was then silent.  
Elijah smiled as he said, “Now, that’s the Enoch I know.” 
“We no longer need to be here,” Ariel said. “We need to prepare with Jesus for the return.”  
He turned to Enoch, “Enoch, unlike the last time, show the fallen angels no mercy. Destroy as much of their infrastructure as you can. Instill the fear of God in humanity. Let them know the way to salvation. Spare the evil ones no quarter. You have little time. I will see you soon, back in heaven.”
Gabriel placed his hand upon Enoch’s head and looking upward said, “He is ready God. His power has returned. He will not fail you or ask for mercy for the fallen ones as he had done before. In the name of the Father, the Holy Ghost, and Jesus, I transfer the power of the entire universe to your Witness, your prophet, your servant, Enoch. What he says from this point forward shall be bound in heaven. Those he curses will be sent to the fires of hell. Those he blesses will sit at your table. He is your emissary and Enoch is now blessed among men.”
Enoch shuddered as he felt the heat of the blood rushing through his veins. He saw the world as it was and the way it would be, before his eyes, as in a dream. “I am your servant Oh Lord, God almighty,” he said. “I will do as I have been charged. I ask that you empower me with your universal power to accomplish with Elijah your final plan for humanity.”  
He bowed his head and was silent.     
After a moment, as a plan took form in his head, he looked up at Elijah and asked, “Are the craft here?” 
“Yes, they are.”
“Gabriel!” Enoch shouted.
Gabriel reappeared. “I need to go to my hotel. I need to appear on Bear news tonight. Also, do you have my personal things with you? The items I put aside before I returned to earth.”  
“Yes, we do.”  
“Get them for me please, for we need to go, immediately.”  
Forty-five minutes later, Enoch was in his hotel room in Kansas City with Veronica.  




























Chapter 80
2:45 PM Saturday, Enoch’s suite, Center City Hotel, Kansas City, Missouri.
“This is what you asked for, Enoch,” Elijah had said as he handed him a cloth bag before he left the refuge. Enoch now took the bag with him into the bathroom and turned on the light. He wanted a shower. He looked at himself in the mirror and smiled as he thought that God really had a sense of humor. 
As he looked at his reflection, he saw that he now looked like he used to look. The features were the same but his complexion was darker, much darker, but still recognizable. His hair was longer and although his beard was still not full, he knew who he was and what he needed to do.  
He turned the water on and stepped into the shower. When he was finished, he stepped out and dried off. He then turned his attention to the bag he had been given which held his personal clothing and other items. He started with the ḥagor, which replaced modern underwear. It was made of the smooth skin of an antelope and cut to fit perfectly. Next, he put on the kethōneth, which was an outer garment similar to a modern shirt, but which went to his ankles. It was bleached pure white and made of lamb’s wool. 
He stood back and looked in the mirror. Satisfied that it still fit, he put on the simlāhthen, which many would recognize as a robe. He then tied on the tsee-TSEETH or tassels, which were tied to all the corners of his clothing with a blue cord. He then grabbed the sandals. They were made of wood, scraped to fit his feet perfectly. Enoch then tied the leather straps, automatically wrapping them so as not to chaff his legs and made the knot from the back. 
The final piece was a headband. It was embroidered with his family information, the words of God and some history. He also had a keffiyeh, which he wore only sometimes, not every day. He noticed that he had both of his robes; one blue and the other dyed crimson red. 
He then pulled from the bag the handmade necklace, which had been made by Eve for Seth, his ancestor. I could see that it had been oiled since he had been gone and well cared for. It was unique, for it was handmade leather, woven in a diamond pattern. The legend states that the necklace was made from the original skins God had given to Adam and Eve when they were expelled from the garden. At the end of the necklace was a medallion, carved from ivory, depicting the Garden of Eden.  
Next, he added the modern necessities: deodorant, aftershave, and brushed his teeth.  
Enoch stood back, as he thought, I hope they recognize me. 
He stepped out from the bathroom. Veronica was sitting on the couch. She looked at him, squinted, then looked again. “Are those your clothes?” she asked.
“Yes, the very same ones I wore the day I was taken to heaven.”
“They look like you, Enoch; very much so. Uh…I guess God gave you back your color and your personality too?” She asked. 
“Yes, I am back to me. I now understand the dreams I have been having. Did you like the ride today; a twelve hour trip in less than ten minutes?”
“I have been on the craft before, Enoch. There are four on earth; two in Eden II and it appears that Lucifer has the others.”  
“Did you call John?”
“Yes I did. He was a bit perplexed how you happened to be here but he let it go. So, what are you going to do?”  
“Look out the window here. See the people still there even though most of the Waldger group has left. Well Aafre, Cain, and Jordan are still here. I have something to say to Cain while they are all here.” 
“How?” 
“Just call his name. It will strike fear in him as only I or the Lord can. He will remember, he will look, and he will see that I am back. He will remember our last meeting thousands of years ago in the desert. Yes, they will all remember. All of them, Lucifer, Azazel, and Cain.”
“Who is Azazel, Enoch?”  
“Aafre.”
“I thought so.”   
Enoch looked out the window and could see that the Bear News camera crew had arrived in front of Center City. John had paid attention to Veronica’s call.    



























Chapter 81 
3:30 PM Saturday, outside Center City Hotel, Memorial Park, Kansas City, Missouri. 
The barrier was still up from Center City to Memorial Park but was no longer guarded. Enoch took the route to the Memorial where a few people were still gathered by the tower. He moved to the side facing the hotel at Center City and stood looking down at the crowds still demonstrating.  
Then very softly, he said, “Cain,” then louder, and louder until he was shouting.  






















Chapter 82 
3:35 PM Saturday Aafre Waldger’s Suites, Center City Hotel 
David had gone to Aafre’s suite after the porter picked up his luggage for transport to the airport and subsequently, onto Air Force II. Aafre, Jordan, Cain, some from the Joint Chiefs of Staff and David were together in the room. 
They were in deep conversation as David sat across the room. For whatever reason, he happened to look over to where Cain stood. He was trembling. He asked Jordan, “Did you hear that?”
“Jordan looked at Cain as he asked, “Hear what?”
“There it is again,” Cain said. His hands continued to shake and David could see beads of sweat on his forehead. 
All of a sudden, Jordan stood very erect and said, “I heard it also. This is impossible.”
Jordan, though not shaking, was visibly upset.  
He went to the window and opened the drapes, looking out. He soon saw him. At that moment, he shouted, “Enoch!”
Then David heard it. It was loud. It was only the one word, “Cain.” 
It was so loud, it shook the windows, and the one nearest Jordan cracked. 
David looked out another window and saw a man dressed in robes similar to biblical days, walking in thin air not twenty feet from the windows, which were on the 20th floor. 
He stood there with his staff and shouted, “Cain!” 
The he shouted, “Satan!”
Then, “Azazel!”
The windows shook. David could also see the crowd below pointing while the Bear News crews filmed the entire scene. 
Cain still shaking as sweat poured from his brow, stood by Jordan at the window as Enoch shouted. 
“Cain…Remember the rocks in the desert? Remember what I have done to all of you before…Cain?” 
Enoch shouted “Cain” again and the windows reverberated from the sound.  
“It is not your time yet. You leave what is God’s and mine alone until it is your time. Or I will tear down everything you and this serpent have ever built!” 
At that moment, Enoch pointed his staff at the windows and both Cain and his father backed away. The window exploded and all that was left was a hole where it had been. 
Enoch, still in midair, walked to the window not five feet away. “Cain,” he said softly. 
“Cain,” like a parent trying to get a child’s attention. Then he shouted, “Cain!” and the glasses on the bar and the mirrors shattered.  
Cain and Jordan walked to the window and Enoch said, “I am warning you. It is not your time. You will leave certain things alone. God has his chance to gather the wheat and so do you. In your time you may do as you please.”
He then turned and walked in thin air all the way to the memorial and then stood looking back at the hotel window on solid ground. Cain and Jordan stood watching.  
Then Jordan raised his hand and pointed it towards Enoch. He shouted and you could hear it like Enoch’s shouting, “The earth is mine.” At that moment, a huge ball of fire shot from the window at Enoch. At the same time, the staff rose from Enoch’s hands in front of him as the ball of fire exploded around the Prophet.  
As the fireball dissipated, David could see Enoch smile before he turned and walked away.







Chapter 83
3:45 PM Saturday Outside Center City, Kansas City, Missouri 
The Bear News crew was filming live as events unfolded in the air in Center City. The camera operator said that ‘it was like filming a Spider Man movie’.  
They could clearly hear Enoch’s shouts, which seemed quite angry; and then the widows blew out as he was suspended in thin air.  
When Enoch returned to the grounds of the Memorial, a hand appeared in the window. Then, what seemed to be a huge ball of fire sped towards Enoch. The fireball exploded around him, blowing out windows in buildings for two blocks. The entire glass front of the Center City was now either on the street or inside the rooms. Enoch seemed unfazed.  
The reporters kept commenting on what they had just witnessed. The sound of oncoming sirens could be heard in the background.  

 





Chapter 84 
3:45 PM Aafre Waldger’s Suites, Center City Hotel, Kansas City, Missouri. 
Cain, Jordan and Aafre retreated from the window. 
“Let’s go into another room,” Jordan suggested.
“When the police arrive, tell them we are all OK and that we are leaving soon. They won’t press the issue,” Aafre said to the secret service agent.  
“Ok,” the agent replied, and took a seat to wait as they all went into the bedroom.
“What was that all about?” Aafre asked, once they were all inside. 
“Enoch was angry about something, I suppose, which became personal,” Jordan replied. 
Cain was quiet and seemed numb, Aafre noticed.  
“I think the incident with The Network calling him a liar set him off. I am not sure. If we would have been somewhere without cameras I would have battled him right there,” Jordan said. “Instead, I just gave him a taste.”   
Cain finally broke his silence, “The sound of his voice was as a long time ago. He also has changed his appearance and he now looks and sounds like the Enoch of old.”
“Yes, it was a long time ago, Cain, and you need to let it go. Soon Enoch will die and neither you nor I will. Let us not do anything rash for a few days. Let these Witnesses do as they please and wait. Cain, do not let this set you off and cause you to do anything stupid. Leave them be for now. When they react, they destroy something. Now after the hurricanes they are not going to be liked. We will then take the opportunity to turn the tables on them. Therefore, we wait. Do you understand, Cain?”
Cain said nothing. He just glared at Jordan.  
Chapter 85 
4:00 PM Saturday Enoch’s Suite, Center City Hotel, Kansas City, Missouri 
When Enoch got back to his suite, the TV was on and Veronica sat watching it. 
“I guess the real Enoch is here now,” she said to him.
“Yes I am, but this confrontation was inevitable. It was just a matter of time. Now I am going to change and see if I can disguise myself in any way. We need to leave. I want to go to the refugee camps in Dallas, Texas and see the people there. We can then go to San Antonio, then off to Mexico. I will be ready in an hour or so. Please, make arrangements for ground transportation.”  
“I can do that. We have the RV’s still here, ready to go. So Enoch, what was that display all about?”
“I needed to make sure that they knew I was back. I want them to know the one who buried them once before is here. Jack South is gone. Now the battle really begins.”  
Wow, Veronica thought, his personality has changed.  






Chapter 86 
7:00 PM Saturday Bear News, Temporary Offices of John Roddenburg, Kansas City, Missouri 
After the call from Enoch’s people, Bear had sent a film crew to Center City and caught the comment from the camera operator about it being like filming Spider Man. After broadcasting the video and comments, they posted it to the web. Early blog returns were stating that Enoch had put Brad Williams to shame with his lies on his show on Friday. Enoch had walked the equivalent of three blocks in thin air.  
When they had called John, they had said they wanted Bear News to have a film crew there. It would be worth his time, John had been told. He had also been informed that Sunday would be a day of rest for both Elijah and Enoch. They had assured him that nothing new would happen; but then, watch out for Monday.  
Don decided that John needed a break, so Mary Ann and Geraldo would handle the weekend news on Saturday and Sunday.  
After the confrontation with Enoch, Aafre and his people left Kansas City on Air Force II. On the newscast, they would be telling the country and the world of this unusual occurrence. People would be upset about their government flying private billionaires around; especially Waldger. 
They also received a official White House Press Release that the fireball seen coming from the window was a private security guard firing a flare gun. They also said someone had thrown an explosive at the window, which blew it out; nothing but cover-ups. However, according to a Waldger spokesperson, they would cover the damage to the hotel and the windows in the area. A simpleton would know that a flare gun does not blow out windows for two blocks. They knew better but released the information as it was written.  
Once it was announced that Waldger had left and that Enoch had also checked out, the people eventually began dispersing from downtown. It was assumed that by tomorrow, most would be gone, on their way home. Kansas City would return to some semblance of normalcy.  
Since he had a bit of time and he had been assured that nothing new would happen, he decided to go to his temporary home and read the books he had brought with him. One of course, was a Bible, which had cross-references to other verses. He also had several books on prophecy, written within the past forty to fifty years. He needed to get up to speed. 
On Monday, the hurricanes began hitting. The Caribbean was destroyed. Bosner was now hitting them. The death toll was going to be tremendous, not counting the damage to property
A cruise ship did not make it out of the storm’s path. It was destroyed in the Caribbean Sea, near Aruba. There were about fourteen hundred passengers and crew. They were all unaccounted for.    
John thought of the fact that just a week ago…just a week ago it had been business as usual. It had not taken long for all hell to break loose.  






Chapter 87 
8:00 AM Monday Temple Mount, Jerusalem, Israel 
The camera operator shouted, “Here he comes,” as he focused his lenses on Elijah walking toward the Mount. They immediately cut to a live broadcast and the announcers began describing what was occurring as Elijah drew closer to the entrance.  
“He has some things in his hand, it appears,” Ben said to John. 
“Yes, it looks like a mallet,” John replied. “There is also a young man behind him carrying a bundle of stakes that have orange streamers on them.”  
“I think those are surveyor’s flags, John.” 
“I think you are right.”
As Elijah crossed the bridge with the young man, Ben said, “Well, I guess we should follow them or we won’t know what he is doing.”  
John, Ben and the camera operators all then heard the voice of their producer in their earpieces, “Go at your own risk. You know the rules for Jews.”  
They huddled for a few minutes then made a decision. They were Jews and the Temple Mount was off limits. They could be fired. At the same moment, they saw Yona, who ran up to catch up with Elijah. John said to the crew, “If the Chief Rabbinate goes, we go, right?” They all agreed. 
As they filmed, they captured Yona talking to Elijah. Elijah pointed to the Mount and Yona shook his head violently. Elijah handed the mallet to the young man carrying the stakes and took Yona’s hand in his. He then pulled him across the bridge as Yona struggled against him.   
Ben said into the microphone, “It appears John that Elijah is forcing him to go with him. Once they passed the checkpoint, they were in violation. Elijah just pulled Yona across.”  
Yona it appeared had calmed down as Elijah took his hand and led him up the steps to the top of the Mount, with the young man in tow. The members of the news team all looked at each other. The camera operator started walking to the bridge, and they shrugged their shoulders and followed.  
Once they got the top, they started filming the carnage all around them. There was nothing but rubble everywhere.  
“Looks as if Elijah has stopped and told the young man to drop the stakes on the ground,” Ben said.  
“Yes, he did. Let’s see, he still has the mallet in his hand,” John replied. “Oh, he has picked up one of the stakes and is walking to where the Dome used to be.”  
“It looks like he is looking for something in particular for he is looking at the sun then the ground,” Ben said. “He has done that several times.”  
The camera operator zoomed in on Elijah, trying to get his facial expressions and captured that he kept squinting while looking at the sun then pointing the stick at the ground.  
John then said, “Look, he’s moving again. He seems to be walking off to an area.” 
Elijah was taking calculated steps, placing his feet down carefully and stretching his legs out. He did this about twelve times then stopped.
“Now what is he doing?” Ben asked.
 Elijah stood there, looked at the sun, the turned every direction stopping at each point of the compass, north, then south, then towards the east, then west. Elijah then turned back to the morning sun, took the stake in his hand, and put the point in the ground between his feet. He then backed up, holding the stake in his hand and hammered it into the ground.  
“Well, it appears he has found what he was looking for, or at least a starting point. Look, what he is doing on the ground by the stake,” Ben said. “I wonder why?”
“Well he is placing his elbow against the stake. Wait a minute, I know why. A cubit is the distance from the elbow to the fingers, or about 18 inches. He is measuring using his arm as in the old days.”  
Elijah then pounded a stake into the ground, and then repeated it, at the end of his fingers from the elbow. He did this twenty times then walked back to the first stake and then repeated it going down the other way.  
As he was doing this John said, “I guess in olden times they did not have rulers so the cubit was based on a man’s elbow to his fingers. Also it appears that he is marking out the Holy of Holies because his first run has twenty stakes and the Holy of Holies is a perfect cube of twenty.”
“It appears that you are right, John. He just completed twenty more stakes.”  
The camera operator kept the camera on Elijah as he stood. He then walked to the first stake he put in, looked down one line, then the other. Seemingly satisfied, he had the young man follow him as he started down another line repeating the steps of elbow, fingers, and stake.  
As he was doing this Ben asked, “I wonder how he can make that perfectly square? I mean, it has to be exact.”  
“I have no idea John, but then, I am not Elijah either.”  
It took about another forty minutes for Elijah to complete the task. Once he was through, he walked the entire perimeter then walked over towards the news team.  
“I think he is coming over to us,” John said. 
“I think you are right,” Ben replied.
Elijah walked up to John and stated, “First off, I would like to thank you for your courage in coming up here even though it is ingrained in you that being here is against the law. I almost had to carry Yona up here.” 
“Turning towards the stakes and pointing to them he said, “This is where the Holy of Holies was located; exactly twenty cubits, squared. This also means twenty cubits up. Alternatively, four-hundred square cubits. The rest you can figure out. Follow me with your camera.”  
The news crew followed him as he requested, with the camera still filming. Elijah stopped in the northwestern corner of the Mount. Bending down, he took a stake and drove it into the ground. He then turned to the camera and said, “David, where is the equipment and men I need. We start digging right here. You have no more excuses. I have marked off the Holy of Holies everyone was concerned about. Send me workers to dig here, now. In addition, we will seal off the area of the Holy of Holies with men from the tribe of Levi. I need several holy men from the tribe of Levi. I will then anoint one among them as high priest once it is sealed. Until then, Yona and I will guard the Holy of Holies.”  
He then motioned for Yona to follow him as he went and sat down in what they assumed to be the entrance to the Holy of Holies.  
“I assume when he said David, he meant the Prime Minister?” Ben asked John. 
“Yes Ben, I think you are right.”  



Chapter 88 
9:00 AM Monday Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein’s office, Jerusalem, Israel
David had the TV on in his office when the Breaking News logo came on. He stopped what he was doing, knowing that it was Monday and that the quiet of Sunday was too good to be true.  
He watched as Elijah entered the Temple grounds dragging Yona with him. He was hoping that the coverage would continue but then he was not sure the camera and announcers would follow. He silently hoped that they would break the law; and was excited when they did. In spite of his misgivings, he watched as Elijah used his elbow and fingers as a measuring tool. Well, that was the way they measured thousands of years ago. 
Once he was finished speaking, he knew which David Elijah meant and so did every other person in Israel, and the world would later.  
The Prime Minister opened his door and called Carla in. She had been watching the broadcast in her office. “Do we have a number for whoever oversees our national construction projects?” he asked her.
“I am sure we do,” she replied, “but I will have to look it up.” 
“Please do, and also Carla I need the number for the…oh my,” he hesitated. “It’s called the Temple, uh the ones that have a committee committed to building it…it’s called, uh….”
“It’s called the Temple Institute and it’s headed by Rabbi Cohan at the moment,” Carla said.
“Thanks Carla. Would you see if you can reach the construction person and this rabbi and get them to my office immediately?”
“Yes, I can do that, Sir. I will start now.”  
“Thanks Carla. Please invite Michael as well, and anyone he wants to bring, once we have a time set. I would prefer sooner than later.”  

Chapter 89
9:15 AM Monday Hadassah Ein Kerem Hospital, Jerusalem, Israel, Branlin Patient Room 206 A and B 
Meyer had been here since Friday with his wife and oldest son. They were both on respirators and failing before his eyes. Several of his associates had come to see him but his anger had been more than they could handle and they quickly left.
He thought he had slept some in the chair but was still tired. He was also still angry. It did not help when seeing Elijah on the TV above the bed this morning. The anger was boiling inside him. What was it Elijah had said about stopping this insanity? It was up to him.  
Meyer was an Israeli hero. He was not a perfect person but he loved his country. Many did not agree with his tactics but the ones he employed, worked.  
The God thing and he never clicked. He found the Muslims he dealt with as well as the spineless Rabbis, weak and overbearing. Now Elijah and Enoch had shown up and stirred up not only his country but also all the others in the world. Who were these men and where did they get their power?
He heard his wife move. He jumped up and went to her bedside. Nothing had changed, she had just stirred. For the first time since Meyer could remember as he looked at his wife and life partner, he felt a tear run down his cheek. Even though there was no one with him, he was embarrassed of the tears. He turned away from her and looked at his son in the next bed. He was not moving either.  
He wanted to scream at their God and say, if not for him…there would not be an Israel. It was not you, it was I, and men like me who fought for our existence.   
Meyer sat down again and watched the monitors as they beeped in time with his wife’s heart. All he heard was the steady pump of air keeping both his son and wife alive. Oh, how much he loved them. 
What was it Elijah had said? All he had to do was ask for God’s help and He would grant it? Could he actually go against his every fiber and acquiesce to the fact that there was a God? Could he agree He was in charge of the world, especially Israel, as he was taught as a child? Could he do that and still be Meyer Branlin, the most feared man in Israel and the Middle East?  
He then thought about Samson, his childhood hero and the stories he had learned as a child. At one time, like Samson, he did not want to cut his hair. He had been young then and impressionable. He felt that if he did not cut his hair, like his childhood hero, he would be invincible. However, that was not the case. In a childhood scuffle, another in the schoolyard had beaten him up badly. In defiance, after this occurrence, he had cut his hair that very day. Since then, he kept it short, and the heroes of the Pentateuch no longer meant anything to him.   
Could he do it? After all these years of denying God, could he call on Adonai and ask for His help?  
As he thought of this, he felt himself slide from the chair, onto his knees. As he sagged to the floor, he raised himself up, turned to the chair and leaned his elbows on it. 
“Adonai,” Meyer stuttered, then stopped. What was it Elijah had said, that he had to acknowledge Adonai? What was that prayer, it had been so long.  
Then, with his eyes closed and the tears streaming down his cheeks Meyer prayed, “Hear, O Israel: the LORD our God, the LORD is one.” He just stayed there, not moving, repeating the prayer over and over.  
Then he heard his wife stirring again. He was afraid to move from the prayer stance until he heard her mumble, “Meyer.”  
Chapter 90 
11:30 AM Monday Prime Minister David Ben Bernstein’s office, Jerusalem, Israel
Carla had come through. He had an early lunch brought in and they had the Director for National Construction Projects, George Finkel, and the Rabbi Cohan of the Temple Institute. Michael and several other committee members were also in attendance.  
They had all brought several people with them. Finkel brought four people who were, as he said, architects. Rabbi Cohan brought three others with him. He said they were the designers and interpreters of the Bible regarding the Temple, and another was a financier.  
Rabbi Benjamin Hagen was there and David had invited Shlomo. Michael had members of various committees with him. By final count, around twenty people, including the head the Israeli Department of Antiquities, Mark Lebowitz, were crowded into the conference room.
After he felt everyone had had their fill of food, the Prime Minister sat down at the head of the conference table and said, “If we can, let’s get down to business.” Then ten people started talking all at once. He held up his hands and said over the noise, “One at a time please, one at a time.” Then he pointed to Rabbi Cohen and said, “We will start with you.”
“Thank you, Prime Minister. As you know, David, we have for a very long time petitioned to rebuild the Temple. We have all the plans, and have selected and located the materials needed. We also have something you may not know about. We have worldwide donors who may well pay for the entire project.” He beamed as he said this.  
There was a smattering of applause especially from Michael’s group. 
Mark Lebowitz then asked, “According to our earlier conversation David, Elijah knows of a chamber where certain things have been hidden since the Diasporas?”  
“Yes, that is what he said. As of now, your department has the government’s blessing to go and work with Elijah. Find out what he needs in equipment and manpower and get it for him.”   
“Who will be in charge of the project of digging for the artifacts’?” 
“Probably Elijah, Mark.”  
“Oh.” 
“Well he knows where it is. We do not. So I would assume he would direct you to the chamber he claims is there. He asked for your department so that the items are not harmed and are removed carefully.”  
“He claims the Ark of the Covenant is there, David?” 
“Yes, he does.” 
“Wow, what a find for the world this will be!”  
“Yes, it will.”   
Carla stuck her head in through the door interrupting them. She was in a panic. 
“Prime Minister, you need to turn the TV to the Aljazeera cable channel! It appears that there is a crisis in Iran.”  
There were several satellite channels for Aljazeera depending on language. There was even one for Hebrew. He turned the unit on and punched in the correct channel.
The announcer was saying, “The northern border of Iran near Azerbaijan and Turkey near Tabriz is being overrun by locusts. They seem to have originated near the northern border, and as you can see from the images from Tabriz, they are a huge cloud of insects, that as best we can guesstimate, is almost fifty to sixty miles wide. According to local area residents this started at daylight this morning.”  
Everyone’s mouths were wide open. Most remembered Elijah’s prophecy from the American broadcast. 
After a few minutes of absorbing the news cast, David turned down the sound, with the image still up. He looked to Rabbi Benjamin Hagen and asked, “Do we have a Prophet?”
Ben hesitated; wringing his hands, for David knew he never expected Elijah to come through. Reluctantly he replied, “Yes David, he has passed the test.” He then turned back to the TV, not seeming to be able to take his eyes off the images on the TV. He repeated again, “passed the test.” 
This was going to be a long day, David thought. After a few moments, he explained to those who had not been present for the other meetings what Benjamin’s comment meant. He explained about the test Rabbi Benjamin Hagen had devised. He went on to say that since both of the Chief Rabbinates agreed that Elijah was who he said he is, they would now have to figure out how to govern Israel with a prophet present.  
He then brought the conversation back to their original reasons for being there. Gradually, the participants started paying attention. It took about two hours before they had a plan of sorts put together.  
The archeologists were going to go meet with Elijah along with the construction personnel. The archeologists were also going to work with the Temple designers as well as the Rabbis of Israel.  
Rabbi Benjamin Hagan was going to find, if he could, twenty people from the Levi tribe, as Elijah had requested. He would select them and take them to Elijah. 
They agreed that they would set up a military field kitchen and light the Mount like a stadium. They would also be setting up shelter for Elijah in the event that he wanted to stay. Shlomo said he would arrange all that through the military. 
The Wailing Wall would be closed for the time being. They all agreed that the first thing was to clear the Mount of the debris. This would allow Elijah to work with the archeologists to excavate the area without a mess around them.  
About that time, David heard a commotion in the outer office and heard Carla scream, “You can’t go in there!” The door burst open and Meyer Branlin came in shouting, “David, David, you won’t believe it!” 
He finally looked around and said, “Oh, I didn’t know you had guests, nevertheless,” he piped up again, “my wife and son David…they are well, and the doctors said it was a miracle. They are OK, like nothing was ever wrong!”
“How did this happen, Meyer?” David asked.
“I did what Elijah said to do, pray.” 
“What prayer Meyer? Did you pray?”
He shouted out the prayer, “Hear, O Israel: The LORD our God, the LORD is one. He healed them! Where is Elijah? I need to tell him.” He looked around the room and said, “He’s not here.” 
“No, he is at the Temple Mount, Meyer.”  
“Great!” Meyer said then started for the door. Suddenly he stopped. He turned back towards the Prime Minister and said, “David, we need to talk. There are things you need to know.” 
“About what, Meyer?” David asked. 
“Waldger!”  
With that, he bolted out the door.  
Well, he seemed to have had a change of heart, David figured. He wondered what Meyer knew about Waldger that was so important.  












Chapter 91
4:00 AM Monday, John Roddenburg’s temporary home in Kansas City 
He was dreaming. There was a bell, which kept going off and then stopping. Then it was ringing again. This time he opened his eyes, exiting his dream. He then realized it was the telephone. He reached over to the nightstand and picked up the receiver as he tried to clear his head.  
As he put the phone to his ear, he heard Don’s voice.  
“John, sorry so early, but Hurricane Alex is about to make landfall and the outer bands are raising havoc in the area. I already got hold of Chester. He is on his way to the studio.”  
John was still barely awake, as he replied, “Ok Don, let me have a shower and get dressed. Give me half an hour then send the car.” 
“It is on its way.”

















Chapter 92 
4:45 AM Monday Bear News Studios, Special Morning Broadcast from Kansas City, Missouri 
John arrived at the studio, which was in chaos. As soon as Don saw him, he said, “We have less than fifteen minutes to begin coverage of Hurricane Alex. In addition, John, while you were sleeping, Elijah went back to the Temple. You can watch the footage from the local TV station in Jerusalem and decide how to cover this.”  
“Let’s see…oh yes, the airlines are shut down and international travel has stopped. Our affiliates around the world are on hand to start early reporting.” He stopped.  
“There’s more isn’t there, Don?” John asked, knowing that it was Monday, and as Enoch had said on Saturday, all hell would break loose today.  
“Yes. Aljazeera has released footage of a band of locusts in a black cloud that started in on Northern Iran this morning. They say its fifty-sixty miles long and is consuming everything in its path. They also said that the locusts are not crossing the border. It is contained in Iran only.”
“So, Elijah’s prophecy came to pass. Is this what you are saying?” 
“Yes, that is correct.”  
“Do we have anyone in Houston?”
“Yes. The military gave in and allowed two camera operators and one reporter for both The Network and us, along with a pool of reporters for other news outlets. They are all in a compound near downtown, Houston. Therefore, we can go live there. However it is still dark and sunrise is at 6:08 AM, Houston time.” 
Chester came over and said, “The National Hurricane Center has confirmed landfall in about ten minutes. It’s a category four all right, with sustained winds of one hundred and forty-eight miles per hour.”  
John thought about what Chester just said. He then began prioritizing as to how to sequence all this news. He felt that the hurricane was a priority so he said, “We will start with the announcement that Alex is coming ashore. We will then cut to you, Chester, and you can go over the latest satellite imagery and data from the National Hurricane Center. We will then cut to uh…who is there, Don?” John asked.
“Betty Schmitt.’” 
“Thanks Don, I am still waking up. OK everyone we have a plan. Oh, one more thing; do we have footage of the Caribbean destruction caused by Alex and Bosner?” 
“Yes,” Don replied.
“Good, we can put that in too.”
John hesitated as he had another thought. He said to Don, “What about the Pope’s funeral and the convening Conclave? Are the airline shutdowns going to affect the American cardinals’ travel to Rome, do we know yet?” 
“No, we don’t know,” Don replied. “That is a good point. I will have someone check on it and get back to you.”
“There is one other item I just thought of on this same subject. Concerning the Jews who want to return to Israel from America, will this forced airline shutdown of international flights prevent them from migrating? Is this the government’s intent? 
Don thought about this for a moment then said, “Yes, I am sure that is true. They don’t want them to migrate. Maybe we can get the Rabbi who said his entire congregation was going back on the show. We can find out if they have alternative plans now.”  
“Good idea, Don,” John said as he turned away shaking his head. He knew it was going to be a very long day. He headed to makeup. There were only five minutes to go until show time; two-hours early today.  







Chapter 93 
2:30 PM Monday Tehran, Iran Supreme Leader’s Palace
Minister Hafez Sohrab Minister of Agricultural Jihad, President Mauvad Shasahvar, and Ayatollah Shahin Moneim, were in the conference room and looking at the images of the swarm of locusts being displayed on the Aljazeera cable network.  
Hafez had been summoned immediately to the offices, and like others in the Iranian government, he knew that a summons to the President’s offices was not a good thing, when not planned.  
The President asked him, “If I remember in history, in 1915, Palestine had an infestation similar to this. Do you know about the situation that I am speaking of, Hafez?”
“Yes, I do. We studied it in college when I was at the American University. It was in an agricultural disaster studies class I took.”   
“Do you remember the result of what they did to combat this plague?
“Yes, I do. At first, many people believed that prayer and petition were required to end the plague. They viewed the plague of locusts as punishment from God.”  
“And what did they do then?”
“The religious leaders at the time declared a time of prayer for a full day or, ‘Taanit Tzibbur,’ as it was called.”  
“What was the result of their prayers?”
“Initially, it seemed to have worked. The locusts left, but afterwards they had to collect the eggs and destroy them.”  
“What else did they do?”  
“They used smokers and insecticides to try to control the infestation. However, in spite of the prayers, egg collecting and spraying, the locusts came back. It was several months of fighting the locust plague. Eventually, they were eradicated; but unfortunately, many died due to diseases carried by the locust.”  
“Hafez,” Ayatollah Shahin Moneim asked, “Can we stop them?”
“We can use airplanes or what we call crop dusters in the affected areas to spray insecticides. This will kill some, but most likely not all.”  
“But it will at least put a dent in it, correct?”
“Yes, it will help.” 
Ayatollah Shahin Moneim thought a moment and then said to the President, “I want you to start spraying everywhere. I will then go on the airwaves and declare a day of prayer in the streets to Allah to stop this plague.”
President Shasahvar then said, “The news media is referring to Elijah as the cause. Do we want to address this?”
Shahin thought about this for a moment. No one spoke for they all knew what the other was thinking. Elijah was a notable man of Allah in the Qur’an.  
After a few moments, Shahin said, “I think we need to send an emissary to Elijah and see if we can reason with him. But then, it may well be too late.”  
“Do we have anyone who could go talk to him in Israel?” the Ayatollah asked.   
“Maybe through the Palestinians. We have some contacts who are able to travel freely in Israel.”  
“OK, I will agree to this.” 
He turned to Hafez and said, “Use whatever you can to battle these pests.” He then turned to Shasahvar, “I will declare a day of prayer. Please make the arrangements immediately for a press conference.” 

 





Chapter 94 
5:00 AM Monday Bear News Special Morning Broadcast from Kansas City, Missouri 
The special breaking news alert logo was on the monitor and the announcer said, “This is a special report from Bear News in Kansas City, Missouri with John Roddenburg.”  
The camera cut to John at the anchor desk. He began by stating, “At 5:00 AM Central Standard Time Hurricane Alex came ashore in Houston, Texas, packing sustained winds of a hundred and forty- eight miles per hour. I might remind our viewers that this is the exact prediction made by Enoch in our New York Studios last week.”  
He hesitated, for he was not used to making these kinds of statements. He usually just reported the news. However, he composed himself and continued. “We have our meteorologist, Chester Nichols, with us here, who will bring us up to date on the storm. Chester.”  
“Thank you, John.” Chester was standing by the monitor displaying an animated satellite picture of Hurricane Alex.
“As you can see from the satellite picture we just received from the national Hurricane Center, Alex stretches from South Padre Island south past Lake Charles in Louisiana and covers the entire Gulf. Moreover, if you look to what is in the east more towards the Caribbean you can see Bosner right behind it. Currently, as John stated earlier, the winds are steady at one hundred and forty-eight miles per hour. The rain is falling at the rate of four inches an hour. Storm surge, according to the National Hurricane Service is expected to exceed forty-five feet. This will now be a new record for a storm surge topping Bay St. Louis, which was forty-three feet in 2005.”   
John then asked Chester, “With this being a category four, which we know is a major hurricane, what type of damage are we looking at?”
“According to the ‘Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale a category four will cause severe damage to  buildings with the  loss of most of the roof structure and some exterior walls. Many trees will be snapped, uprooted and power poles downed. Fallen trees and power poles will isolate residential areas. In addition, power outages will last weeks to possibly months. Most of the area will be uninhabitable for an extended period. This also does not take into account the storm surges or the flooding that are likely to occur.”  
“Chester, are the winds and rain moving south or north of Houston.”  
“This is the problem with this hurricane, John, for normally I would easily give you an answer. However, right now, the outer bands though not producing one hundred and forty-eight miles per hour winds are still clocking at about a hundred and ten in Corpus Christi, which is about two hundred and nine miles away from the center. This means this hurricane is causing severe damage to land for about four hundred miles along the coast of Texas.”  
“That sounds bad, Chester, very bad. Let’s see what our on the spot reporters have to say. We are going live to Houston where our correspondent, Betty Schmitt is.”  
John turned towards the monitor behind him and said, “Betty.”
“Yes John, this is Betty Schmitt. We are reporting from a military-run observation station located near downtown Houston. Please note we have no landline or cell phone access. We are using sat phones to speak and stream video.”
“We and the viewer’s understand, Betty, and we will make do. We know it is not yet daylight; but can you describe what is happening right now.” 
“Well John, it sounds like a train in the atmosphere outside. We can see the trees in our area bending in half and the rain is so fierce you cannot see three feet.”
“It does sound dangerous there where you are.”
Yes, it is very dangerous, and we are being told that no one can get near the beaches or harbors. This includes Galveston.”
“Another question Betty, I am sure many will want to know, was Houston totally evacuated as was stipulated by the government?”
“No, I don’t think so. The order came too late. Prior to the rain and winds starting about 2:00 AM here, there were some military trucks going door to door in some suburbs. We do know that as of 3:00 AM all the highways leading out of Houston were still packed; and this included I-10, I-49, 290, I-37, and 77 from the Rio Grande Valley south.”
“Do we have any idea how these motorists are faring?”
“No John, not at this time.”  
“Okay Betty, it appears it is going to be a long morning. We will check back with you a bit later when it’s daylight and see if we can pinpoint better answers to some of our questions.”  
“Thank you, John. This is Betty Schmitt, live from Houston, Texas.”
John turned from the monitor and said, “It appears this storm is going to be a monster. We will be right back.” 
After they cut away to commercial, Don came up and handed John a schedule, which was a reduced copy of all the stories they were trying to cover. After looking over them, he said to Don, “Well, looks like a good priority list to me. Of course the hurricane was at this moment the most important. The other news we can use as fill- ins.”
An assistant came up and handed Don a message. He read it and gave it to John. After John read it he said, “I would have thought they had more sense than that. It appears a cruise ship had not made it back to port and had capsized in the gulf about a hundred miles southeast of Galveston. It was feared that all crew and passengers were lost in the Gulf. “See if we can get a manifest from the cruise line of the victims, or an estimated head count. They should have stayed at port in Cozumel,” John said.






Chapter 95 
9:00 AM Monday in an RV traveling south on I35 towards Dallas, Texas
Veronica woke him from a nap told him that he needed to pay attention. He shook off the sleep and noticed that they were not moving. He asked where they were. 
“A rest stop at the Oklahoma-Texas border,” she replied.
“What is it that couldn’t wait?” Enoch asked her.
“Eden II just sent us this message. I think you need to get a hold of John, immediately.  
He read the message then asked, “How did Eden II get this?”
“We hacked into Cain’s and the Justice Department’s computers.”  
“Oh, so we can do that too?”  
“Well, you saw all the stuff in Eden II. As a prior computer guy I would have assumed that you would figure it out.”  
“Do we have a secure phone?”
She handed Enoch her cell phone as she said, “It is ringing.” 
He gave her his best angry look, for preempting his actions. She was grinning at him.  
Someone answered on the other end. “This is Enoch. I need to speak to John Roddenburg. It is urgent.”  
Within a few minutes, John answered, “Enoch?”
“Yes, John. It’s me.”  
“Where are you?”
“We are parked in a rest stop on the Oklahoma-Texas border.”  
The small talk from John was making Enoch impatient. “Look, John, I need you to get a piece of paper and something to write with.”  
“I am at my desk, so I am ready.”  
“Write this down, verbatim.” Then Enoch read the communiqué to him.  
“The header says EO15136. Effective immediately, all FCC licensed broadcasters, which includes radio, television, satellite, and internet services are now to be placed under government supervision, immediately. The following will apply. Southern California is in a news blackout. All correspondents are to leave immediately. Military transportation will be provided. This also applies to the Gulf Coast and the East Coast. All news programming on hurricanes will cease immediately until said programming has been submitted and approved by a military censor. Until you have the censors in your primary facility, you may only broadcast non-news programming. It is signed, Robert Cain, of course.”
“I suppose we will be getting this soon,” John said. 
“I would assume so, John. It appears Cain has had a tantrum and has jumped the gun. We would have thought he would not be so quick with these types of orders, but plans do change. Now remember what I told you the other day regarding this shut down coming eventually and my…well, sort of, offer to you.” 
“Yes, I remember.” 
“Well, that offer still stands. I need an answer, for we need you broadcasting.” 
“What about my crew? Don…his family?”
“Ask them to come, even with their children.” 
“Will that be OK?”
“Yes, it will. Now, if you want to broadcast the truth, then let me help you.”  
“I just don’t see how you can do this, Enoch.”
“You will have to trust me, John.” 
“OK, Enoch.”
“Do not write this down, John. Enoch gave him detailed instructions as to where he was and told him they would wait for him to show up or to call. In either case, they would wait for his answer.  
After John hung up, Enoch asked Veronica, “Ready for another Cuban run?”

Chapter 96
9:20 AM Monday Bear News Special Morning Broadcast from Kansas City, Missouri 
After he got off the phone with Enoch, John called Don into his office and read the memo he had gotten from Enoch. He then told him of Enoch’s plans and extended the invitation to him. Don said that he needed to call his wife to get her take on the situation.   
They both decided to jump ahead before they received the actual memo. John would read what they had on the air and make live comments before they were shut down. If they were leaving, he had to be in Laredo, Texas by tomorrow morning; then meet Veronica and Enoch there.  
He went to the anchor desk and looked at where he had spent the past few years of his career. Anger boiled up inside of him for his and this country’s constitutional rights had just been violated. Yes, he would trust Enoch, for he always had the right solutions. Now, he was going to slam the United States government.  
He sat down. The camera light was blinking, then turned solid red as a sign that he was live.  
He began, “This is a sad day in America for you, me, our country, and our rights. This morning, I received a copy of an Executive Order from President Cain, from unnamed sources. It states that we can no longer broadcast news to you unless approved by a panel of military censors. Here, let me read it to you. 
After John had read the memo, he said, “In good conscience, I cannot and will not be a puppet for a corrupt, evil government; a government that has violated everyone’s rights by suspending the United States Constitution, our freedom of the press and our freedom of speech. These Gestapo or Nazi tactics being forced upon Bear News and other news outlets are not what I am willing to participate in. I report the news truthfully and always have. I will not lower myself to lie to the public to satisfy these thugs.”  
He paused for a moment. He needed to calm down some. As he put his ‘journalist first’ hat back on, John continued.
“Our viewers watch our broadcast worldwide for they know that what comes across this desk is the truth. Since I have been anchor here at Bear News, we have uncovered countless attempts to undermine our rights. We then put the perpetrators out of business and in some cases, prison.”
“So with regret, I am leaving after this segment. Before I leave, however, there is something I want to leave with you. I am not sure how you will hear the voice of truth from me again. What I do know is it will be soon. Truth eventually has a way of getting past those who hide the truth. Now, a message from me, directly aimed at Cain, Aafre, and your henchmen. This is not over, by any means; this you can be assured of.  
“Once again, America, thank you for your support of the entire Bear News team, and God bless each and every one of you.”  
The camera light blinked off then, so he knew they were on a commercial break. As he stood, a contingent of military personnel walked into the studio. Just in time, he thought. A female Lt. Colonel walked up to John and read from a paper in her hands.  
“I am Lt. Colonel Joyce Winters of the United States Army. You are to cease broadcasting from this location until your programming can be assessed and then approved by these military censors here with me. You will broadcast only under the directives of these executive orders. You will also provide us with office space and access to all future newscasts and schedules. You will also broadcast stories which we will give you under Executive order EO 15133 which you now have a copy of.” She ended by handing him a copy of the order.  
The Colonel then walked over and sat in the anchor chair. Her soldiers stood in front of the anchor desk, legs spread apart and hands clasped behind their backs.  
John looked at her and laughed, as he waved and said, “Sayonara!”


Chapter 97 
11:15 AM Monday, John Roddenburg’s temporary home in Kansas City 
As Enoch had suggested, he had only packed one bag of clothing and toiletries. He had been told that they would provide what he needed. He also packed the books he had been reading and his laptop. The rent-a-car people were to be there any minute to bring him a car, which he would drive to Laredo, Texas. Airlines were no longer an option.  
As he was looking around to see what else he needed, he heard a knock at his door. He went to see who was there. Looking through the security hole, he saw Don standing there. He opened the door for his producer who was smiling from ear to ear. John looked passed him to the curb and saw that his family was in his SUV. 
“Well I can’t have my award winning anchor without his award winning producer, now can I?” Don said.
“Well uh…no, Don; but did your wife agree with this, I mean…?” 
“Agree? Heck no! She demanded, John. She even said that maybe she might even be able to help. Yep, she is all in my friend and we are ready to go. And by the way, where are we going?”
“To a place called Eden II.” 
“Eden II? That’s a catchy phrase for the times we are in. Where is it?”
“I don’t know. All I know is that we are to meet up with Enoch and Veronica at a rest area right past the Oklahoma border, and then they will lead the way.” 
“Trusting aren’t you, John?” 
“Yes, I suppose I am.” 
“Well call up and cancel your car. We will take mine. It is already packed and ready to go. No sense in driving two vehicles. This way we can share the driving.  

Chapter 98 
12:40 PM Monday ‘The Network News Corporate Offices
Joe Biggman, president of The Network News, Jonathan Langer, producer and Brad Williams were all seated in Joe’s office. Joe was telling them the status of Bear News and other news outlets.
“As you know, we now have the responsibility of being the primary outlet for the nation’s emergency broadcast system, or as it is called now, National Alert System. This of course, is because President Cain has signed an executive order executing this change in the “nation’s best interest”. He has also declared martial law nationally, not just in the affected areas.” 
“What this entails is that all television, radio, satellite, or any over the air networks, and cable news stations including sports or any stations with rights to national broadcast come under this law. The only exceptions to this are sites dedicated to weather. Our understanding is even they will be censored.” 
“Now, we have been designated to provide news programming for all these stations. Any and all news will originate here, with you Brad, being the primary anchor.” 
“Now, as you all know, John Roddenburg has refused to be a part of this program. Therefore, if America wants news it will come from Brad, not John.”
“That’s good news, Joe, no pun intended about John,” Brad said grinning.  
Joe ignored his comment and continued, “Now we need to sugar coat this new rule in our first news cast. We need to word it for the American people so they understand this is in their best interest. We are good at sugar coating stories especially when it comes to political issues. So I would assume our writers will come up with the appropriate story.” 
“Are they going to give us the script or any guidelines?” Jonathan asked Joe.
“Well, so far this is what I have. We need to report for example on the hurricane in Houston but unlike Bear was doing, we are going to treat it as a normal activity that occurs normally. There will be no mention of Enoch or Elijah, now or ever, unless it is a negative. We are also going to suppress damage estimates in the loss of lives and damage to infrastructure. If a million people die we will not report it.”  
“What’s to keep independent broadcasters like on XM Radio from reporting similar to the way John did?” Brad asked.
“They have been taken off the air, especially that Midwestern pain in the ass ‘comic’, as I call him. In addition, most of the talk shows have been suspended until they can be reprogrammed to tilt in our direction or that of the government’s. Anyone dissenting will be taken off the air, immediately.”
“Oh, you must mean Ronald Regan II, as he calls himself; even though his actual name is Alan Moore,” Brad said.   
“Yes, he has been removed from the air waves. So that you know, anyone breaking these rules can and will be picked up by Homeland Security and detained. No habeas corpus for a while. This could be a long detention for dissenters.”   
“Now the first breaking news we will air on the evening edition is that the Attorney General is forming a task force to look into the confrontation with Cain and Enoch at Center City. The Secret Service has the right to investigate then make recommendations to the Attorney General.”  
“Any indictment coming?” Brad asked.
“Not for now. They just want to start a disinformation campaign about him. The intent is to keep the people from listening and believing him. In addition, no matter what he or Elijah does anywhere, will not be reported. So with all this in mind, Jonathan and Brad, you both need to get to work. The evening edition is only a few hours away.” 





Chapter 99 
11:00 AM Monday President Cain’s temporary secure office in Cheyenne Mountain 
“Well Jamal,” Cain asked, “How, does it feel to finally be rid of Stevenson?”  
“That was a tough assignment, Cain. There were times I wanted to strangle him. However, I just acted like the flunky he wanted me to be. But fourteen years…that was a tough…assignment.”  
“You did a great job, Jamal. Thanks to you, he never had a chance to do other than as he was told to do. You did very well in obtaining and maintaining his confidence in you.”  
Jordan Devon then said, “Cain, I know you don’t want to hear this from me, but in my opinion, you moved a bit too quickly on martial law and instituting the Emergency Broadcast System. We still have three plus years to go before we totally take over after we kill these Witnesses. I realize the incident in Kansas City may have rattled you some, but you may have made a mistake.”
“What difference does it make if it’s today or a year from now? My intent is to discredit both of them, especially Enoch. Yes, I cannot kill them yet for they are protected but I can try, and maybe their God will slip up. In any event, I needed to get them off the news media, especially in America. There was no other way to do it.”  
“Are you planning to try and indict him on trumped up charges similar to what was done to that Governor in Texas?”
“Yes, we are. The Attorney General sent a letter of intent to his attorney Mark Anderson in Chicago. The letter stated that we are bringing charges of threatening a President before a Federal Grand Jury. We will select those seated by the way.”  
“So if you get an indictment how are you going to get him to appear?”
“Doubt if he will. It just keeps him off of American soil for the time being.”  
“Oh, Cain,” Jordan said shaking his head in a negative manner, “I doubt that will happen. Look at it this way. Remember when I dealt with the council on Job?”  
“Yes.” 
“Well, that was like a game of chess. I moved this way they moved that way.” 
“Yes, but you lost that game, Father!”
“No, I didn’t. There was never any intent on winning or losing. I was proving a point. Moreover, I might add, they interceded and told him that if he made an offering he would be restored to his health and wealth. If they had allowed me to finish he would have renounced them. The point being, this is the way they work. It’s a game.” 
“Point is Jordan, you lost.” 
“Alright Cain, you don’t want to listen. However, remember we have a goal here and it is a straightforward goal. Ever since Nimrod, the nations have been divided. The plan for the next three plus years is to reverse this and make the world one. Only as one can we ever have a chance of defeating them when they arrive. Only as one; and Enoch and Elijah are here to make that as difficult as possible. Now as you know, when Enoch gets pissed off, like at the hotel, he will destroy even more of our assets. Try and arrest him, and someone will die, I promise you. He is very powerful. You may also note that he now is Enoch and somehow was transformed physically also. You must have noticed his coloring change and voice. He is Gods holy warrior and is very, very powerful. He is no longer timid Jack South. ” 
“Did you or did you not place the power in my hands?”
“Yes, I did; just as they put the power in Jesus Christ’s hands. I have done the same…his son, my son. Nevertheless, Cain, I now know why their book calls you an anti-Christ. Let us see, Christ was born of a virgin without sex; your mother was a virgin but created with sex. Let’s see, Christ is God’s son and you are my son. He was good and you are evil. What else, oh, he was crucified, and rose from the dead. You will be shot in the head, not crucified, and Praterus will raise you. Also one more thing, his son was obedient to his father and you are the opposite which is  a trait I wished you did not have.”
“Funny Jordan, really funny. Regardless of your opinion, let me do it my way. Moreover, if I remember correctly, God let Jesus do it his way. No disrespect, but your way so far has never worked and has resulted in nothing but failure.” 
“Well, I guess like God,” he said it by drawing out the word God so that it sounded like ‘gaahd’, “put all his apples in Jesus Christ’s basket, I will then do the same. However, I can promise you that your action today will backfire, and very soon. Nevertheless, your game, your moves, so be it. I will not interfere. ”
“That would be a good idea, Jordan. Cain then turned to Jamal. “Do we know where John Roddenburg is?”
“Yes, he, his producer and his family are traveling south on I-35, which is the way Enoch and Veronica went.”
“So I assume they are headed for the Mexican border, most likely?”
“Yes, that would be a correct assessment.”
“Good, I have an idea. Monitor them and then let us have a greeting party for them after they pass the border. Use some of the Mexican Drug Cartel people, preferably ones with no fear. Let us see if we can cause some carnage. I would prefer John Roddenburg out of our hair. That Jew is a problem.” 
Jordan interrupted again, “If they are with Enoch they better bring an army.”
“Why?” Cain asked.
“Well, like most of the angels and prophets, as you know, they carry a mighty big sword. Remember Cain, they are called Holy Warriors in the Books. That is for a reason. They should and will be feared, especially Enoch. And…let me remind you, at Center City, you feared him.” 
“What are you saying, Jordan?” 
“They will all die, and I don’t mean Enoch or John.” 
“Jamal,” Cain said.
“Yes?” 
“Do it


Chapter 100 
6:00 PM Monday The Evening News with Brad Williams from The Network in New York City 
“From New York City at The Network News studios, your host and award winning anchor, Brad Williams,” the announcer stated. 
“Good evening, America, and also the world. You may notice if you have your television set on another channel, that you are receiving our evening broadcast on that channel as well. This includes all affiliates nationwide. There is nothing wrong with your TV or cable system. This is in cooperation with the governmental rules for broadcasting during national emergencies. This system is designed so that our citizens are given not only the news but also receive emergency instructions from FEMA and other governmental agencies. The system was designed to keep you informed and safe.”  
“This broadcast will be rebroadcast hourly till a new broadcast scheduled at our regular times begins airing. As of tomorrow, regular programming will continue such as evening TV shows, movie channels, and so on. Until further notice, Channel 4 on all networks will rebroadcast the news and weather, nationwide twenty-four hours a day. This will be the nation’s only news channel till further notice.” 
“On my left, Catherine Kwan and on my right, Nancy Arms, my co-anchors, will be assisting me in providing twenty-four hour news updates during this crisis. Now, before we start with the current headlines there are some very important messages for those in the pathway of these hurricanes. Yes, they will occur, but they are no worse than hurricanes we have had in the past.” 
“In the areas between Lake Charles, Louisiana and Tallahassee, Florida, from the coast of the Gulf and north up to 150 miles, there will be government-mandated evacuations. This is in preparation for hurricane Bosner. You are to stay in your homes starting at noon tomorrow and do not drive out of the affected area. There is no place for autos in the temporary shelters being set up.”
Catherine then began, as the screen split, and lines of text appeared on the screen as she spoke.  
“Each person will bring along the following: 
7 Days of clothing 
Everything must fit in one carry-on suitcase per person, including children, not exceeding these dimensions 
21" x 13.5" x 8.5"
No dressy clothing. Suggested for men and women, jeans, socks, underwear and polo shirts or loose fitting blouses  
One jacket or sweater
One pair of hard-soled shoes and one pair of tennis shoes. No sandals 
Soap and shampoo will be provided at the shelters.
Deodorant and one razor which has to be disposable for both men and women
One bottle of after-shave for men and one bottle of perfume for women.  
Make up, lipstick, eyeliner, etc. will be prohibited  
Medications and a copy of the prescription 
No iPads, iPods, laptops or cell phones. 
No weapons, including pocketknives, guns, etc. 
One carton of cigarettes or one vapor system  
No alcohol
One carrier per infant or toddler  
Diapers, and things of that nature will be provided 
Pets must be in a carrier or pen. Food for them will be provided  
You can print or view this information on a new web site at 
www.nationalrecoveryplan.org
As the split screen was removed, Nancy Arms said, “In these affected areas as described, all medical personnel are to report to their assigned hospital units by 12:00 midnight today Eastern Standard Time. This includes nurses, doctors, interns, specialists, psychiatrists, or any supporting medical resources other than food service, cleaning crews, etc. 
Brad came back on then, “This same procedure will be followed starting on the East Coast next Monday, with Southern Florida, the Keys, then working up to New York, as the weather dictates.”  
“As all of you know, the government will be utilizing the entire commercial fleet of airlines in America, the rail system, and bus system,” Nancy added. “The way this will work is a military officer will arrive at your door. You need to be ready to go, so make sure your suitcases are by the door. If you are not ready, you will have to leave without your belongings.” 
Catherine then said, “Also, in the affected areas just mentioned, all utilities will be turned off completely. This includes gas, electricity, cell phone towers, and cable systems. The reason for this is a combination of safety and protection of the systems from the storm. It will make recovery quicker and resettlement more effective. The assumption is that everyone will return to their homes and businesses, two maybe three days after the hurricanes subsides.”
Brad then said, “Now in weather news, it appears that hurricane Alex did not meet expectations and has been downgraded to a category II storm as it approached landfall this morning. It is assumed that residents may be able to start returning as soon as this Friday or Saturday.”  
“In other news,” Nancy said, “the Attorney General, in concert with the Secret Service, has convened a Federal Grand Jury to hear evidence in the threatening of President Cain in Kansas City by Enoch. We will have more on that later.”
“In Israel, as was suggested by the United Nations, Israel and workers were busy on the Temple Mount in what appears as preparation for the rebuilding of the Jewish Temple,” Catherine reported. “Background news feed from Israel showed Elijah talking on the Mount with other workers but with no sound. As President Cain and also the Security Council of the United Nations proclaimed, this will be a turning point to finally achieving peace in the Middle East.”  
Brad then said, "There is a lot more news coming, please stay tuned.”  
The screen went blank and the Emergency Broadcast Logo came on.  






























Chapter 101
2:00 AM Tuesday Across the border in Mexico 
They had met up at the rest stop by the Oklahoma Texas Border Enoch had told John about. They transferred John, Don and his family to the RV and left the rented SUV there. They locked the keys in the car. They would call the rental car company later to come pick it up.
It was raining hard as they crossed in Nuevo Laredo around 1:15 AM and had just passed through Anahuac Mexico, on Highway 1. They would be rendezvousing with an Eden II aircraft there. The area was mostly desert and not well populated. It made a transfer easier than in a populated area.  
Veronica sitting in the front passenger seat was concentrating on the side view mirror. She turned to Enoch and said, “Since we crossed the border three vehicles have been following us and they don’t seem to mind that we know.”
He stood up from the couch he had been sitting on and kneeled behind the passenger seat to look into the rear view mirror. There were three SUV’s, which looked like Chevrolet Suburban’s following them.  
He stood up and asked the driver how much further to the rendezvous point. He checked his hand held GPS unit before replying, “About ten minutes.” 
“I assume that we are to have some unwanted trouble here. I need to change and I assume, Veronica that you always come prepared for issues like this?” Enoch said,
“Yes, I do.”
“Well, so have I. Now I need to change. But for now, lift the bed and move the children and Don’s wife under it.” 
Enoch then turned to Don, “There is a video camera here in the storage area that we were going to use to film some of the sermons along the way. I assume you will know how to use it?”
“Yes, I am sure I can.”  
“Good, for once we stop and I walk out to meet our guests please start filming what occurs from inside the RV and do not come out.”  
“Yes sir” he said, as he went to retrieve the camera. 
“Anything I can do?” John asked.
“Yes there is, John. Do not say a word and do not do anything stupid when we encounter these people that are following us. Now John, I need to change.” 
Enoch took his suitcase from the storage area and went into the RV’s bathroom. Once inside the cramped space, he placed the bag in the shower, and opened it. He changed from his disguise into his real clothing. From the bottom of the suitcase, he lifted out a wooden box. He opened the box and under his robe strapped on the harness, which it contained. Inside the harness was his sickle sword. It was about eighteen inches long and was curved like the letter ‘S’ elongated. The other weapon in the harness was a Scimitar, about thirty inches long and curved with the widest point being about two and a half inches.  
All of this fit comfortably hidden under his robe.  
Enoch felt the RV begin to slow and as in any battle that involves God’s work, he kneeled and prayed for strength. Finally, he rose and walked out into the RV’s living room. 
He saw that Don had the camera ready as the RV pulled off the road onto a dirt path. The driver stopped, shut off the engine, and announced, “We are here.”
The vehicles tailing them also stopped, and they could hear their doors opening and closing. “I will go out first, Veronica second, and you John, third,” Enoch instructed. He turned to Don and repeated, “You just film and do not come out of this RV.”
Enoch then turned on the outside lights to the RV. He held the button for the electronic stairs to extend. Once they extended he opened the door and walked out into the desert night. He walked about fifteen paces followed by Veronica and then John. 
With John behind him, he motioned for Veronica to stand to his left. The men who had been following circled around them, some pointing automatic weapons directly at them. There were eleven of them, plus a man who seemed to be their leader. To Enoch, it appeared to be good odds. He did not think he would need the staff for this. What they did not know is that in the past, men, especially prophets, learned to protect themselves against all odds. 
The one he presumed to be the leader stepped forward towards Enoch. When he was about three feet in front of the Prophet he said, “Buenas tardes, Senor Jack or Enoch. Bienvenido a Mexico; it was very nice for you to come visit us.” 
When Enoch said nothing in return, the man continued in accented English, “Well, I guess you have no manners when being welcomed; but that does not matter for it is the end result that matters, hey amigo?”
Enoch still said nothing. 
“Ok, Senor,” he said. “I understand…you don’t know why this welcoming committee is here, so I will tell you. The reason we are here is that because of you many of our customers cannot buy some of our products, especially in Texas and other border states. Like any business, we need to make money. Would you not agree, Senor Enoch?”  
Enoch said nothing.  
“Well, I have been given a great opportunity to make a great deal of money and even make friends with your country for my help.”
Looking over at one of the other men he asked, “Jose, what did they say they would do?” he laughed then turned again to Enoch and said, “Oh, I remember. Your head, Senor, is worth five million dollars in cash, but the man behind you is worth ten million American dollars. All of it clean and nicely laundered.” 
He then looked at Veronica and said, “For her, nothing at all; a pity, for she is probably worth more than both of you.” 
He laughed.  
He then motioned to another man who came and stood beside him, “Show them the weapon we have for them.” 
He pulled a machete from his back, which Enoch saw, glistened in the moonlight. It was tempered steel and quite sharp. 
The man in charge then said, “Now, here are the rules. I know there are children and another man in there. Therefore, I will bargain with you. We like to bargain here in Mexico. It is a national pastime. Therefore, here is the deal. I get both your heads and the woman. The man, his wife and the children go free. Not a bad deal, huh amigo?”
Finally Enoch spoke, “Senor, do you not know who I am?”
“Oh, yes Senor. I know you are the charlatan and the magician. This is why all our guns are pointed towards you. Maybe you are like the man Houdini,” he said, as he started laughing.    
“What is your name, Senor, since you know mine?” Enoch asked.  
“Ah, it’s Miguel. I see you want to know who your executioner is.”
“What do you do, Miguel? Who do you work for?”
“Right now, I work for the U.S. Government, but normally, for myself.”  
“So, you are a drug dealer?”
“No Senor, I am a businessman who sells what men want, especially what Nuestros Americanos want,” he replied as he sneered at Enoch, and then began laughing again. His entire crew then started laughing with him. That was Enoch’s cue.  
Enoch caught Veronica’s eye and blinked. While Miguel was full of himself laughing and his men with him, Enoch reached under his robe with both hands. With lightning speed, he brought up the sickle in an arc and decapitated Miguel. With the same motion with the scimitar, he turned and in one swoop did the same with the man holding the machete.  
He dropped onto the ground then rolled towards the three closest to him. What they had seen happen to Miguel had put them off guard. It was enough time. As their eyes were still on Miguel’s body Enoch swung both blades as he rolled up from the ground behind them and decapitated them both. Veronica then shot two others near him. Another of them caught her from behind with a chokehold but she flipped him over. As she did, she kept his neck in her grasp. She twisted and broke it. The six who remained started running. Veronica kneeled down held her weapon in both hands and fired four shots. Four fell to the desert floor. Two, it appeared had escaped.  
She stood and they walked over to Miguel’s body. “Your employer may now collect your soul,” Enoch said.
Then he looked over at John and asked, “Are you alright?” 
“Yes, I am,” he replied, “Thank you. But Enoch, I didn’t know you were a warrior?”
“There is a lot you don’t know John, but in time, you will.” 
At that moment they heard the hum as both transports landed softly onto the desert sands. 














Chapter 102
2:30 AM Tuesday Across the border in Mexico 
Don came out of the RV filming as the transports landed. “Quit filming,” Enoch said. Don released the record button and dropped the camera to his side. 
“Enoch, what are those?” Don asked, pointing to the two transports.  
“Those are our transportation.”
“They look like science fiction stuff, Enoch. I mean, they made hardly any sound when they landed. I never even heard them till they landed and they look well…like…well, there are no windows.”
“In time Don, in time,” Enoch replied. “However, to satisfy your curiosities, remember the times that many pilots or astronauts and others had said there was like this thing in the sky, they chased it and it disappeared?”
“Yes.” 
“Well these are two of those craft. There are two others.” 
“Where are the other two?”
“Lucifer has them. Now, let’s get everyone out of the RV. We don’t want them tracking us any further than here.”  
It took about five minutes to get everyone assembled around the two transports. Don and John were in awe when the passenger compartment opened seamlessly, followed by a cargo area.  
John said, “They don’t look like flying saucers, they look more like a large computer mouse.” 
“Good,” Enoch said. “Then you now know there are no flying saucers, only flying mice.” He laughed. 
Veronica then said, “Don, you and your wife will ride in one transport with both children. Enoch, John, and I will ride in the other.”  
“No pilot?” John asked. 
“Yes there is. You cannot see the pilot. That area is sealed,” Enoch answered.
Veronica got them into the seats of the first transport, then said to them, “Reach up and pull this cover over you,” as she pointed to a handle. When they pulled down the lever, the cover encapsulated them before locking into place. 
“What the hell is this, I cannot even move,” Don exclaimed. 
Veronica told him, “It is to keep your body safe from the G-forces. You will get used to it.” 
The others got into the other transport and then the openings slid shut. They felt a small vibration then nothing, as they waited for landing.  






Chapter 103 
10:55 AM Tuesday Eden II, Northern Israel.  
Soon, the doors slid open and the encapsulation units released. They all stepped out of the transports and entered an open section of a cave wall. Once inside and their greeters had unloaded the luggage and the other items they had brought, the cave door closed. It looked like a normal, uneven, jagged, rock wall in a cave.  
Don was looking at his watch. “Enoch, where are we geographically?” he asked.
“In northern Israel.”
Don again looked at this watch, tapping it a couple of times. “We traveled seven thousand miles in less than twenty minutes?” he asked.
“Yes, we did. For now, let’s get moving. A lot needs to be done and we can talk about this later.”
“Enoch, you look and act differently from before. I just noticed your darker skin, and you, well, sound different,” John said.
“You are right, John. All will be explained later. In the meantime, let’s go.”
Enoch walked over to a section of the inner cave and found the keypad. The rocks moved and they entered the tunnel. President Stevenson and his wife greeted them.  











Chapter 104 
4:00 AM Tuesday President Cain’s quarters in Cheyenne Mountain 
Jamal shook Cain again, “Sir, you need to wake up.” He was holding a cup of coffee in his hand and as Cain sat up, he took the cup and took a sip.
“What time is it? Cain asked.
“4:00 AM mountain time, sir.”
“Well,” Cain said as he sipped his coffee, “What’s the emergency?”
“You said to wake you, sir, once we had word on the Enoch issue and the men you sent from the Mexican cartel.”
“Do you have good news then, maybe?” Cain asked as he cocked his head waiting for some good news.  
“Uh, no sir. A reconnaissance team we sent in found them in the desert south of Highway 1, in Mexico.”
“What did they find?”
Jordan walked through the door at that moment and sat in a chair by the bed in which Cain was sitting.
Jamal’s eyes made contact with Jordan as he said, “Four were decapitated. One has a broken neck and four of them were shot as it appears they were running away.”  
“Anyone survive?” Cain asked. 
“Two sir, but they have gone underground. And so you know, we have lost track of Enoch and company. There is no trace of them. They just disappeared. The RV is still moving but only with the driver, apparently on the way to Mexico City.”
“Decapitated?” Cain asked.
“Yes sir, it appears it was done with a mighty sharp sword. The cuts are similar to that made by a guillotine.”  
Jordan then spoke up and said, “I told you not to underestimate Enoch!”
Cain reached up then and threw the coffee cup. As it shattered against the wall, he shouted, “Get out, all of you, get out!”
Chapter 105 
12:00 PM Tuesday, Eden II in Northern Israel. 
President Stevenson gave the tour, or as much as he knew of the facility to Don, his family, and John. They were all assigned quarters. They were now in the large room assigned to Stevenson. He had turned the TV on, and the rebroadcast of The Network’s news report was being played as we all listened in.
When it was finished, John said to no one in particular, “Well, it seems that they are doing as they always do; lie, suppress, and intimidate.”  
Don chimed in, “The mandatory evacuations and the list of things to bring sound like a page out of Nazi Germany and the Jewish solution during World War II.”  
“Close,” John said. “But it appears that now they control all the media and that is a problem.”  
“No it isn’t.” 
“Why not, Enoch?” John asked. “We are off the air. They lied about the hurricane data, the destruction, and whatever else. We would have kept them straight.”
“And so you will,” Enoch replied. 
“How?” John asked.
“Follow me ladies and gentlemen,” Enoch said with a big smile on his face. 
They left the room and reentered the tunnel system. He then took a different turn and came to a blank wall. He placed his palm in a certain section of the wall and then seamlessly, the wall parted.  
As they walked in the auto, lighting came on. Enoch walked to the center of the room. “What does this look like, John?” he asked.
Don and John stood there turning in a slow circle taking it all in. “Other than the Eden II logo behind the anchor desk, it looks exactly like our New York studios,” Don said. “The couch, the equipment, the layout of the studio, it is all the same. I mean, if I didn’t know better, that is where I would think we were.”
“You are right, John. You are so very right,” Enoch stated.
A man then walked into the room and stood by Enoch. 
“This is Enil. He is going to help you, Don, along with some others, get John back on the air.”
Enil then stepped forward, “Let’s all sit down on the interview couch and I will tell you how we are going to do this.”  
Enoch stood off to the side of the couch and everyone else sat down, while Enil dragged over a director type chair and sat in it. He continued, “Before I start, let me tell you who I am. My name is Enil. I have no last name and no family. What I do is manage the computers, software, and communications for Eden II. I have a staff of about fifty persons and they, like me, only have a first name. So I am going to ask that with me and my staff, other than remembering our first names, please do not inquire of where we are we from, where we went to school, and other such inquiring questions.”
He paused then feeling satisfied they understood. “The next major broadcast by The Network is less than three hours from now. That will be 7:00 AM Eastern time in New York on Tuesday, alternatively, 3:00 PM here. That gives us a bit of time to prepare our broadcast just like if you were still in Kansas City, or New York.” 
He clapped his hands and about ten people came into the studio and started turning things on. As they did this Enil said to them, “You all watched The Network broadcast a few moments ago so you know what is happening.”
 He then pointed over to the monitor behind the anchor desk and said that that was film of the devastation in Houston. “We also have a correspondent there who will give you a blow-by-blow description. As you see, we have film and aerials of the eye as it passed over the destruction.” As the images changed on the monitor, Enil said, “As you can see, there is footage of the disaster of the cars stranded on I-10 and other highways, which did not make it out of the impact area.”  
He turned back to them, “You also have Enoch, who has agreed to a live interview and there is the attempted assassination of you all, which Don filmed last night. Of course, we also have overhead film of the camps in California.” 
“Really?” John asked.  
“Yes, we do.”
Don then asked, “Well, how are we going to broadcast over the airwaves, Enil?”
Enil smiled then as he replied, “At 7:00 AM every morning and 6:00 PM every evening, Eden II, starring John Roddenburg, will be on every channel from cable, satellite, antenna, and internet feeds.” 
“How?” John asked.
Enil laughed and asked them, “Did anyone ever see that movie ‘Used Cars,’ especially the scene where they took over the Super Bowl broadcast?”  
“Yes, I did,” John, replied. “That scene was hilarious, when they unplugged and switched the cables, and the car commercial interrupted the game.” 
“We are doing something similar; taking control of all the satellites in orbit around the world, which is how all transmission of media is now being done. By the way, this also includes radio.”
Don asked, “Won’t they be able to track us through our transmissions here and come and get us.”
Enil laughed and said, “A cell phone gives off more signal than our technology. However, as I said before, it does not matter who we are or what we can do. Your only concern is to tell the truth and help God get His message out.”  
John asked, “Can they stop us…I mean stop the transmissions? 
“They can try, but they won’t succeed. Now come with me, we have work to do.”  
They all stood up and followed Enil to another hallway where he placed his hand on the wall and another rock door opened. Inside there were about twenty-five people seated, working on computers.  
Enil stopped and said, “This is our information section. These persons are here to assist you. If you wish, you may use any of these three workstations. He pointed to three monitors with what appeared to be hologram keyboards. These use the English keyboard but the others that are in use you would not understand. So, now that we have had the grand tour, we need to get John cleaned up. Don, you need to put together a script. Oh and one more item, that radio commentator who was always hammering the government; his name is Alan Moore. The one who calls himself,” and he mimicked Alan’s radio introduction, “This is Ronald Regan the second, Alan Moore!”
They all laughed at his impression.  
“Well anyway, he will be joining us by tomorrow as well. He like you, wants to help.” 
“You are kidding,” John said.  
“No, I am not.”  
“Enoch, I thought God was like spirits, ghost, and things like that,” John said. 
Enoch laughed and asked, “In the Bible, did not God walk the earth?”
“Yes, but flying machines, electronics…?”
“John, read the Bible again. Was I not taken up in a fiery chariot? Was not God described in His vehicle? John, God and His angels definitely have technology. There are one hundred and sixty two references to flying machines alone in the Bible. Read some more in your spare time. It will eventually make sense to you.”   
Enil then said, “We don’t have much time.”  





Chapter 106 
2:55 PM Tuesday Eden II Broadcast Studios with John Roddenburg in Northern Israel
The makeup person had just finished and he had on his traditional casual look of a sports coat without a tie. He moved over to the anchor chair and oriented myself. Even the chair felt the same.  
Enil had set up a monitor that he could see across the room, which right now had The Network broadcasting on it. He had put it up there so John could see when they took over the broadcast channels. They were advertising ‘Brad Williams Live’ now.  
Don came up and said, “We are back in business, John.” They touched their fists together as they both wore big smiles. 
John looked at the countdown clock…30 seconds to go. The monitor was showing the opening of The Network Morning News and then Enil held up his hand 5,4,3,2,1.
The announcer began and John saw that at that moment, Brad disappeared from the monitor and was replaced with the new Eden II logo. The announcer said, “America and the world, Eden II Broadcasting with John Roddenburg, is now on the air.”  
The camera button turned solid red and John began. “Hello, I am John Roddenburg of Eden II News. We are broadcasting to you live and will be doing as we always do…telling you the truth, not the lies the government wants you to hear. Today, in our one hour show, we will talk with our correspondents in Houston, where contrary to what you have been told, the area has been completely destroyed and the rain is still coming down.” 
“We will also be showing you videos and pictures of the camps in California. Until today, we had not been able to obtain coverage to display the absolute disaster the American government has caused against its citizens.”  
“We will then switch to Iran where the locusts have now consumed the entire northern section of Iran. The locusts have left nothing behind and are advancing, as was prophesied by Elijah.” 
“We will also be featuring an interview with God’s Witness, Enoch.”  
Now, with all this in mind, let’s go to Houston, Texas where our correspondent, Tahit, is at ground zero.” John turned towards the monitor. 
“Tahit?”
“Yes John, this is Tahit. I am in downtown Houston right now and as you can see behind me, the high-rise buildings are totally and completely destroyed. The glass towers are all shattered and the ground is littered with glass, several feet high in some places. There is no power here, no running water, nothing. It is like a ghost city.”
“Tahit, have you seen any people?” 
“Well John, yes and no. There are many dead in and around the streets. We have no idea what is in the buildings. We did see some people walking around, seemingly in a daze, who had defied the order to evacuate.”
“Any news on Galveston?”  
“Yes,” aerial photos of Houston and Galveston replaced her image as she spoke, “As you can see from the footage, here like downtown, there is nothing but destruction.”  
The image then switched to I-10 near Katy, Texas. “This is I-10 near Katy, John,” Tahit said. “All you see are miles and miles of cars that never made it out of the city. There are many overturned RV’s and trucks.”  
“Any military presence, maybe rendering aid?” 
“Nothing John, absolutely nothing. Not even the Red Cross or local resources. As you saw on I-10, many are just sitting outside their cars. We noticed that many had broken into stores in the area to obtain food and water. Based on the fact that they are getting no help, I do not think we can blame them. It is also still raining. It rains in spurts but there are also downpours. In between with the heat and humidity, it is unbearable. There is no air conditioning. Many cars have run out of fuel running their ACs.”  
“Thanks Tahit, we will be getting back to you shortly.” 
“This is Tahit, reporting from Houston Texas.” 




























Chapter 107 
7:10 AM Tuesday The Network’s Broadcast Control Room from The Network studios in New York City 
“This is impossible,” the technician said, as he fumbled with the controls on his monitors. “We cannot broadcast. The entire morning show has been overridden.”   
“Shut it off then.”
“I did. All I can do is shut off our broadcast. I cannot shut off theirs.”
Jo Biggman walked into the control room fuming. He was about to blow a gasket as he shouted, “What is happening here! Why is John Roddenburg on the airwaves?”    
“We don’t know,” Jonathan said sheepishly. Brad was sitting by looking helpless.  
“Can we at least shut down the satellites under our control?” he asked.
“No, we tried that. We also did a hard reset of our satellite transceivers…nothing.” 
“How about the other networks, same result?”
“Yes, Joe,” Jonathan said as he picked up a remote and started changing channels. Each one showed the Eden II broadcast, all 700 of them worldwide.
“Radio?” Joe asked.
“Same thing, Joe. Google and Microsoft, to name a few, are even streaming this broadcast.” 
“Anyone call the government?” 
“No. Jamal called us and asked what we were doing. I guess President Cain is going off the deep end.” 
“I am sure he is. Can we turn off any satellites that are used by us say, Direct TV’s systems, Comcast, anything?”
“We tried but our codes do not work. It appears that short of blowing the satellites out of the sky, Eden II owns them.” 
Joe wiped the perspiration from his brow with his sleeve, and then asked, “How about the BBC or Europe?” 
“They are not affected, at least not yet. They were not included in the override system we put in place yesterday for all broadcasting in America. We also put in a failsafe system to keep it from being changed without certain codes. All those codes are now changed. We are at their mercy.” 
“Alright, Jonathan, get a hold of someone somewhere that can figure this out. Tape the show. Maybe we can broadcast it later.” 

    






Chapter 108 
2:25 PM Tuesday Eden II Broadcast Studios with John Roddenburg, Northern Israel
They had just finished with the shocking images of the camps in California when he got a sign from Don for a break. About time, John thought.  
As he came over, John asked, “Commercial?”  
“Yes.” 
“What kind?”
“Telling people to read their Bibles, references to certain end time verses, survival tips for the future….”  
“How did the broadcast go so far?”  
“Well, as best as we can tell, the whole world is listening in.”
“Want to do Enoch or Stevenson next?” 
“Stevenson, I think. I want his take on the evacuations, and what he knew of their plans. Then let Enoch recap it.”  
“Sounds good, John. Let’s make hay!”
John smiled. He was having a good time. He moved to the interview chair. As he sat in it, he felt the same sensation that this was the same chair, strange! He looked over at Stevenson and asked, “Ready?”
“Yes, I am,” he replied, “definitely.”  
John watched Enil’s hand go up, 5,4,3,2,1.
The announcer then said, “We now return to John Roddenburg on the Eden II Network.”
The camera moved in on John as he began, “We have former President Stevenson of the United States with us. As you know, on our broadcast the other day, President Stevenson resigned from the presidency. He stated then that he felt that what was occurring was ungodly.” 
He turned to Stevenson and asked, “President Stevenson, without delving into your personal decisions, what can you tell us that led you to resign as the most powerful individual in the world?”
“First off John, the President is not the most powerful person in the world. That person is Aafre Waldger in Belgium. He and he alone is the most powerful human, at this time anyway. That is, if he is human.”  
“Why do you make this statement about his power? Also why do you question his humanity?”
“He controls about 70 percent of the world’s major corporations, one way or the other. He controls about sixty percent of the world’s governments, including America. For example, I was groomed for the Presidency like many others before me. My family was poor but I was given an offer that if I chose to accept, I could be somebody, and that my future would be secure. Therefore, I sold out to them a long time ago, as have others. On the other question, I asked Aafre the other day how old he was. When speaking about events far into the past, he speaks as if he was actually there. Some of this occurred a very long time ago. So then, for some reason, I almost think he may well be one of the fallen angels in Satan’s camp. He also did not respond to the question I asked that day.”  
“I understand Mr. President, for if you remember, we broadcasted several documentaries about this particular subject, which included all the presidents since Roosevelt. Therefore, you are confirming that you, like those before you, were puppets and they held the strings.” 
“Definitely John; absolutely, without a doubt.”
“Regarding Aafre, are you suggesting, if I heard you correctly, that he is one of the fallen angels?”
“Yes, but I cannot prove it yet.”  
“We need to delve into this issue further at a later time. However, for now President Stevenson, what can you tell us about what is happening today? For instance, the forced evacuations and the limits on what they can bring.”  
“This was all planned after World War II. It was known that at some time the citizens in western countries, especially America, needed to be reined in. It was also known that eventually the Witnesses would appear, and the time clock for the end of humanity’s rule would begin. They knew it and I am talking about Waldger, Satan and the fallen angels. The plan was that when they appeared this would be the excuse to take away the rights of people and make them the property of the state. Sort of like Orwell’s 1984.”  
“How soon are they planning to accomplish this?”  
“The way this is going to work is that right now in California, Texas and other areas, these people will be transported to camps. The excuse is the disasters and necessary evacuations. Once they arrive at the camp, their personal IDs and other personal items will be confiscated. They will then be interviewed about their qualifications, religious affiliation, and political mindset.” 
“They will be separated into groups as per skills. For example, construction workers, computer tech people, sales people, childcare and so on. The second sorting will be political affiliation. The last will be religious beliefs.  
“Go on,” John said. 
At the camps, the children will be taken from their parents, and then, separated into age groups. Ages 1-5, 6-12, 12-18, and 19-22. They will then be taken to other areas of the camps and decisions will be made especially with the 12-22 groups. They will be brainwashed and trained in certain occupations or placed in the military. The skill sets will then be separated into other camps as deemed necessary; such as computer operators, electrical engineers, linemen, construction workers, architects, child care workers, food service, farming and so on.”  
“What about people who become angry or upset, especially after having their children taken away?”  
“Examples will be made, I can assure you. Certain people will not be allowed to ever leave these camps. The noisy ones, the dissenters, the druggies, the criminals, preachers who believe they are from Satan will all be separated out.”
“What will be done with them?”
“Most will be exterminated one way or the other. Inquires will state that they are listed as missing in the earthquakes for example or the hurricanes.”  
“Now all this is to happen as the disasters and evacuations take place.”  
“Yes it is, and it is being done now.”  
“Who do they have working for them to do this classification process and management of the camps?” 
“Initial management comes from the political arena. These are campaign workers of all parties. They are all in on it. Certain political groups who want power and eventually those who want to survive.” 
“What happens then?” 
They are brainwashed into believing they are building a better world. They will be integrated for example, back into Houston to rebuild the city. Areas like ghettos, poverty-ridden sectors, and high crime areas will be bulldozed. Many will be resettled in homes that were the property of others before. After the city is rebuilt, another weeding will occur. Those who remain difficult will be either used as slaves, or as I said earlier, disposed of. Eventually you will have a compliant population in a rebuilt metropolis.”
“What about pay or compensation?”  
“The store of the very near future will be government owned. In order to purchase food, clothing, a movie, a TV you will have to be a member. To have utilities, an apartment, a home you will have to be a member. No cash will change hands ever again. This will be very soon, maybe as soon as a month. This process will all be electronic. Each member will have a microchip injected into his or her hand or forehead. This will have all your information such as age, occupation, social security number, bank account, medical history and more. Without it, you will starve, at least in the cities. You will not be able to travel, buy a car, purchase food, or have a job.” 
“Any estimates of people who will just disappear?”
“Yes, twenty to thirty million in the U.S. alone.” 
“Wow, that’s worse than Hitler.” 
“Yes, it is.”  
“What about third world countries, Mr. President? They have even more issues than America such as overpopulation, limited resources, and lack of education. What of militant groups?”
“The weeding will be much more severe than in America or Europe and other more advanced countries. Diplomatic solutions will no longer be needed once consolidation is completed of four spheres. So let’s say country ‘A’ rattles the sabers, then the leader of that sphere will take action and literally wipe out that country’s leaders and dissenters. It will be unlike today, when we look for a diplomatic resolution.  
“Any estimates on those numbers?
“No, but I am sure it will be substantial.”
“One other thing, Mr. President, what is happening on the political level?” 
“They are moving toward a period of a one world government. Wednesday the Shanghai group will be meeting in India. Waldger is working in the west to consolidate powers, and America is already lost to them. The primary sphere will be the countries of the Roman Empire as it was in its prime. America will be attached to that sphere.   
“One world leader or dictator then?”
“Yes, one evil, vengeful, but charismatic leader.”
John got the high sign from Don and they broke for commercial.  





Chapter 109 
6:45 AM Tuesday Situation Room, Cheyenne Mountain 
Everyone who could help or might be of help was in the situation room. Christopher Albiger, Secretary of Defense, Able Richards, Secret Service Director, Marcus Schmidt, FBI, Jamal Jones, now special aide to the President, Nancy Withers, Senate Majority Leader, some of the Joint chiefs of Staff, Admiral Robert Parrish, from the Navy, Joseph Raced, General from the Marines, and Jerry Poloski of the Air Force.  
While they were trying to figure out how Roddenburg had taken over communications, they were also watching, the Eden II broadcast.  
Cain looked around at them and thought ‘humans.’ He then addressed the group, “We need to figure this out. With all the knowledge in this room, someone needs to come up with a solution. This cannot continue.”  
Marcus said, “We are on it, Mr. President. We just need time.”  
“So, you mean to tell me we do not control our own satellites, our own communications, or anything else?”
“Yes and no sir,” he replied, “We do have a plan, but it is all software. Nothing is analog anymore. We are working on it. It takes time to decipher the codes they used and then once we do crack their override codes and gain control over the systems we need to build a new firewall to protect it.”
A sergeant entered the room, walked over to Jerry, and handed him a message. Jerry said to Cain, “Waldger is on the phone. Do you want to take the call, sir?”
“Yes, put it through.”  
Jerry walked over to a desk, picked up a cordless phone, typed in a code from the paper, and handed it to Cain. 
“Waldger?” Cain asked.
“Yes, it’s me, and before you say anything, we are working on a solution. However, I do not think you have the brainpower there that you need. I want to send my computer guru to you. You met him before during our meetings in Kansas City. He was also my aide. His name is David Matthews. I need to send him there to help. He runs my entire worldwide tracking system that you are aware of.” 
“Whatever it takes Waldger.”  
“He is at the airport now on his way to you. We have him on a military fighter jet in the copilot’s seat. He should be there in a few hours.”
“Fine.” Cain hung up and tossed the phone on the desk. 
Cain then told them, “Waldger is sending his top computer guy here. When he arrives assist him in any way you can.”  
Jordan who was sitting off to the side smoking a cigarette with a cocktail said, “God help all of you if you don’t find a way. Then again, God will not help any of you regardless. However, as many here know, Cain is quite destructive. I suggest you find a way.” 
Cain snarled at Jordan, “Why are you so calm about this? This is a disaster!”
“Look Cain, what is happening right now is that they are getting help. You know and I know where that help is coming from. We did not account for this. If we cannot fix it, we will have to work around it. Eventually, we will have another solution. Maybe blow all the satellites up and go back to analog. Who knows? Nevertheless, let us see how this plays out. I think if I am correct, they are limited in the time they can override the system. My bet is they can do it for an hour at a time, maybe less.”
“What is this based on Jordan?”
“Just a feeling Cain, just a feeling. You see their God needs us to be able to broadcast or the game will not continue. As I said before, it is similar to the story of Job, so be patient.”
Able Richards then said, “He may be right, Cain. We have software running that is reverse engineering the code from their digital stream. Our people have said it takes about an hour to drill down through the software layers to the source. After that, we can take back control of the systems. We will know if it’s working in about ten to fifteen minutes.”  

Chapter 110 
2:47 PM Tuesday Eden II Broadcast Studios with John Roddenburg 
John was back in the interview chair with Enoch on the couch. 
“Too bad Elijah is not here,” John said.
Enoch replied, “Oh, I thought you knew.”
“Knew what?” 
“Elijah is right over there,” as he pointed towards the control room.  
“Can he come over?” John asked.
Enoch waved and got Elijah’s attention. 
“Want to join us?” John asked as the other prophet came over to where the two men were sitting.
“I never thought you would ask,” Elijah replied.
John said, “Please sit down by Enoch. We are about to go live again.”
Enil did the hand signal, and then the announcer did his story. As the camera came up John said, “The final part of our broadcast today is with the two Witnesses, Enoch, and Elijah.” The camera then panned towards them together.  
John started with Enoch. He said, “We have some film that was shot in the Mexican desert today. It’s about two minutes, can I show it?”  
“Yes, I would think America needs to know how corrupt their government is,” Enoch replied.
John then turned to the monitor and the scene filmed by Don was shown, minus the transports and the decapitations, which had been edited out.  
John then turned to Enoch again and said, “Well, it appears that the United States uses Mexican cartels for their dirty work.” 
“Yes, they do John; you heard it form their own lips. They obviously planned to kill both you and me. But then they failed, didn’t they? They should have read the scriptures which talk about Elijah and me.”
“What was the last thing you said to Miguel?” John asked.
“Miguel of course was dead, but what I said was your master can now come for your soul.” 
“What does that mean, Enoch?” asked John.
“I think you and the rest of the world know what this means. His soul now belongs to Satan and he, like Satan, will be cast into the lake of fire on Judgment day.”  
John did not respond to Enoch’s answer, instead, he looked over at Elijah and said, “The news is showing that Iran is being destroyed by the locusts. You had stated on our broadcast this past week that anyone attacking Israel would have this happen to them.”  
“Yes, you are correct; and it appears their attempts to stop it are failing miserably. Woe be unto the citizens of that country, for many will die from disease and hunger.”  
“There are Christians there, aren’t there?” John asked him.
“Yes.” 
“Are they protected?”
“Only if they pray, John.” 
“On another subject, Elijah, how is the Temple reconstruction going?”
“Very well, John, I staked out the Holy of Holies and today they are clearing the rubble. I will be retuning there after I leave here, for we will start digging on Thursday, to recover the Ark and other items.” 
“Is it really there, Elijah?” 
“Do you doubt me?”
“No, I do not.”  
They were running out of time, so John turned to Enoch and asked, “Are you still going to Mexico City on Friday?”
“Yes, that I am.” 
“Are you worried about the United States government petitioning the Mexican government to stop you from going?” 
“No, I don’t see a problem.”  
“Why not?” 
“It would not be in the Mexican government’s best interest to prevent its citizens from hearing God’s word.” 
“What does that mean, Enoch?”  
“They now believe me.”  
John did not want that to go any further for now, so he said, “Elijah, any final words?” 
“Yes, only a phrase though.” He stood up and put his arms out as in prayer and said, “Hear me, O’ Lord, hear me, that this people may know that you are the Lord God, and that you have turned their hearts back to you and your son, Jesus, again.”   
With that said, Enil gave the closing sign by passing his finger against his throat and the broadcast was finished. 
John stood and then everyone including him started clapping.  
He heard Don shout, “We are back!”
Enoch looked over and smiled at John and said, “See, I did pick the right person”
With that, he gave John a big bear hug and John returned the gesture as everyone continued clapping.  










Chapter 111
7:02 AM Tuesday Situation Room Cheyenne Mountain 
As they watched, the Television and John signed off. There was a flicker, and then The Network’s logo came back on the screen.  
Able was the first to notice it and said, I think we are back in control of the system. On the other hand, they gave us back control. He reached for a phone and dialed his contact. After a brief conversation, he said to the others. “They have released the system. All the original codes are intact. That is all we know for now.”
Cain said, “That’s good. Now we know they have limited capabilities and or a time limit on hacking the system. For now, someone call Joe Biggman and tell him to get the writers busy and refute all that was said by this Eden II broadcast. Do it before they take the system back.”
Jamal replied, “I am already on the phone with them. They taped the original show and it will be on in about thirty seconds. He said they will be doing a special after the broadcast, as you asked Cain, refuting Roddenburg.”
“Good job, Jamal, good job,” Cain said. “Now we need to find out where they are. They are on Earth, that much we know. I want every rock overturned, every hole looked into. I want operators looking at anything suspicious from satellite photos. I want them found. I want their studio, living quarters, everything destroyed. I May not be able to destroy Enoch and Elijah yet but I can and will destroy John Roddenburg.  
Listen to me carefully or you all of you in the room will befall the same punishment Enoch gave the cartel.  
I want John Roddenburg killed! Now!”

This ends Book II





Book III will continue in the series. 


CAIN
קין

Estimated release date 
2015 
Contact the author 
www.gentilewitness.com 
