The Revelation Chronicles
Eric C. Burney
Smashwords Edition
Copyright (c) 2013 by Eric C. Burney
Cover art provided by ebooklaunch.com
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only, and may not be resold or otherwise distributed without the author’s permission. Please purchase additional copies for other readers at the retailer where you purchased this copy.
This is a work of fiction. Any similarity to real persons or events is entirely coincidental.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57
Chapter 58
Chapter 59
Chapter 60
Chapter 61
Chapter 62
Chapter 63
Chapter 64
Chapter 65
Chapter 66
Chapter 67
Chapter 68
Chapter 69
Chapter 70
Chapter 71
Chapter 72
Chapter 73
Chapter 74
Chapter 75
Chapter 76
Chapter 77
Epilogue I
Epilogue II
Going Forward
We can wait for an unscheduled
train to arrive, or we can start walking
Inspirational quote by retired
U.S. Air Force Chief Master
Sergeant Jack R. Eastman,
a great friend and mentor
Prologue
Three Aces Club & Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada
The man sat in his dressing room, slumped into the cloth chair. The roar from the crowd in the theater remained audible as he loosened his silk tie and propped his cane against the counter. Only this time, the roar of the crowd wasn't one of delight. It was a mixture of confusion and panic. This time, he'd taken his act too far, and he knew it. How could he have been so careless, so stupid? He'd let the heckler get to him. And now, because of his pride, he'd have to move on, quickly, before too many questions were asked, just like the last time, and the time before that. Hopefully, the poor man would recover.
He leaned forward, staring at the somber reflection in the mirror. He wasn't particularly proud of the man who stared back.
Suddenly, the door to the dressing room swung open, and a tall, well-dressed man with blond hair walked in. A broad smile stretched across his handsome face, exposing picture-perfect teeth. Two large, bruiser types, who looked as if they could easily bench press a Volkswagen Beetle between them, followed closely behind the blonde.
The man in the chair immediately recognized the other and, on instinct, reached for the cane.
“No, no, no. That won't be necessary,” said the tall blond gentleman. He approached the man and leaned casually against the counter. One of the brutes seized the cane and handed it to the blonde. He studied the intricate markings along the side for a moment before he spoke.
“It's been awhile, old friend.”
“Not long enough.”
“Hmm, I suppose you are right.”
“What do you want?”
The man in the chair eyed his uninvited guest warily.
“Straight to the point, I see. Well, there is a small favor I need to ask of you. And in return, I will clean up the mess you made here, so you will be free to start over fresh. No more looking over your shoulder, your debt to me will finally be settled.”
The blond man stroked the round crystal tip of the cane, regarding its owner with a look of amusement. Then, he leaned in close; his expression turned dark.
“I simply need you to put on a show.”
“What kind of show?”
The man in the chair stared anxiously at the cane, but he didn't dare dream of making a move for it. To do so would have been suicide. His only choice was to comply, and he knew it.
And so did his guest.
“A groundbreaking show. One that will change everything. I need you to give the performance of a lifetime.”
Chapter 1
The alarm buzzed loudly on the nightstand next to the bed, instantly jarring me from sleep.
9:45 A.M.
With only fifteen minutes to make it all the way across campus, it appeared, once again, I would be late to Ms. Parkman’s biology class.
“Piece of crap alarm!” I exclaimed to myself. After springing from beneath the covers, I searched frantically for a clean pair of pants, finding some lightly soiled jeans (in my opinion) under a grease-soaked, half-emptied box of Cheesy Dave’s Pizza.
My name is Charles Reese, but most folks simply call me Charlie. I’m just your average type of guy. You could pass me on the street and not even look twice in my direction. I stand five feet-eleven inches tall on a good day and weigh a hundred and sixty pounds soaking wet. I’m also a struggling sophomore at Carver Community College in the sleepy town of Oak view, Michigan. Lately, I've been having difficulty making it to class on time. Owning an alarm clock that only worked sporadically didn’t help either. I’d set it for 9:00 A.M. on three consecutive days, and each day it had gone off at various times: 8:30 one day, 10:15 the next. 10:40 the day after that. Guess that’s what I get for bargain shopping at the local flea market.
Now for a clean shirt.
I rifled through the pile of clothes on the floor of my messy dorm room. Laundry for me, as for most college students, was done only out of necessity. And I use the term necessity very loosely.
I pulled a wrinkled, but still serviceable, vintage Thunder Cats t-shirt over my unkempt head of sandy blond hair. I’d worn the classic piece since the 10th grade. I had to admit, I was in love with the short-lived fan-favorite cartoon of the 80’s, and its memorabilia dominated my living space. Not that my roommate Freddy minded though. He was a hardcore fan of the 80’s and 90’s era, owned more comic books than you could shake a stick at, and was an avid UFO enthusiast. Needless to say, we were hardly among the most popular guys on campus.
I raced to the bathroom and brushed my teeth with rapid intensity while attempting to run a comb through my hair.
9:52 A.M.
Only eight minutes to get to class. I rinsed quickly as I splashed a refreshing dose of water to my face. Where did I place my backpack? Spotting it draped on the back of my desk chair, I grabbed it, shoved textbooks and papers inside, slid my tennis shoes on, and hurried out the door. The science building was clear on the other side of campus, so I would have to really book it in order to get there by 10:00 A.M. I could just picture the scowl on Ms. Parkman’s face as I came through the doors, late yet again. The very thought made my stomach turn. I knew I didn't do myself any favors by being habitually late, but I really felt, deep down, that she had it out for me. The woman was true evil incarnate.
Taking the steps two at a time, I made my way down the stairwell and out of Archer Hall dormitory. I streaked across the common way as fast as my gangly legs could carry me. It was a beautiful day, not a cloud in sight. The campus was its usual hectic self; students moved busily about from building to building or took a break on a random bench here and there as they caught up with friends and classmates. As I weaved back and forth through the masses like a speedy tailback, I took a quick glance at my wristwatch.
Oh man, 9:58! Only two minutes left before I’m late again, I thought.
I quickened the pace, inching closer to my destination. I barely dodged two jocks who leisurely tossed a football on the soft grass near the walk path.
“Watch it jerk!” they shouted in angered unison.
“Sorry!” I yelled back in response. I continued to run, for a brief moment losing sight of where I was, and without warning, I rammed straight into Allison Archer. She was arguably the most beautiful girl on campus and the absolute love of my life.
She just didn’t know it yet.
Books and papers scattered wildly in all directions as we collided just outside the science building. Of all the people to run into and come off as a complete and total goofball. I had to have quite possibly the worst luck in the entire world!
“I am so sorry, Allison,” I said. My face flushed bright red while I helped her back to her feet. She smiled politely up at me and straightened her clothes, then began to collect her belongings, which were strewn about the ground. Petite in stature, she wore a purple and black form-fitting knit skirt, a black cotton turtleneck, and knee-high patent leather boots. Long dark hair cascaded down her shoulders, framing her olive-toned face perfectly.
Before me stood a true goddess.
“It’s OK, Charlie,” she said softly, sending instant chills echoing down my spine at the very sound of her voice. She always seemed to have that effect on me. Ever since I first laid eyes on her way back in grade school, I’d had a huge crush on her, but I never had the cojones to do anything about it. You see, I somehow lost my nerve anytime I was around her. Performing live in a school play, that I could do; singing god-awful karaoke at a local bar in front of dozens, no problem. But talking to Allison Archer and having an intelligent conversation? This seemed completely out of the question. I lost all confidence whenever she was near.
“Where are you headed in such a hurry?” she asked.
“Oh...um...I was headed to my biology class. I was trying to make it before I was late,” I managed to say in between chasing down loose sheets of paper caught by the gentle morning breeze.
“Again?”
Her eyebrows arched, and she flashed a playful smile.
“Yes,” I answered sheepishly, embarrassed yet again. It seemed my tardiness was becoming the stuff of campus legend.
“Ms. Parkman, right?” Allison asked, more of an affirmation than a question.
I nodded.
“I had her last semester,” she continued. “She’s a stickler for students being on time.”
Boy don’t I know, I thought to myself.
I rounded up the last of the papers and handed them to Allison.
“So, are you coming to the fund-raising event tonight?”
I was speechless for a moment. Was she asking because she wanted to see me there, or was she asking because she was student council vice-president? Either way, I decided to play coy.
“I don’t know for sure; I have a lot going on this afternoon. I’m supposed to be helping Freddy with a project for his psych class, and I also have a huge paper due in English Lit as well. But, I will definitely try to make it.”
Allison giggled lightly.
“What?”
“That’s funny; I talked to Freddy earlier this morning, and he said you two would definitely be there tonight.”
Typical Freddy. Always hanging me out to dry.
“You better be there, Charlie Reese. A lot of work went into making this event a success, and we need as much support as we can get to raise enough money to finally renovate Carver Hall.”
Carver Hall was the administrative building, but it also housed the student cafeteria. The oldest building on campus and constructed in the mid 50’s, unfortunately, the building had not aged very well. Paint was peeling severely in several places, and the plumbing in the restrooms was usually out of order. The building also had a major rat infestation; you could hear them scurrying within the walls on most days. And, if you were really unlucky, you got to see one or two of the disgusting critters out and about. They roamed the halls and corridors in search of food as though they were lost freshmen trying to find their next class.
Some even believed Carver Hall to be haunted. The creaks and moans of the old foundation didn’t help to dispel the notion either. A popular hazing for freshmen athletes and fraternity pledges was to stay overnight in the building. Not many made it the whole night; most chickened out within a couple of hours. That Carver Hall was the focus of the fundraiser was sure to draw a huge and motivated crowd.
“Freddy tends to not take the college thing quite as serious as he should,” I countered, trying my best to save face. “I will hopefully be there tonight though. I do think it’s for a worthy cause.”
Allison smiled once again and walked away. “See you there,” she called back over her shoulder.
For a moment, I stared after her, day-dreaming how refreshing it would be to walk alongside her, lost in conversation. Then, I suddenly remembered where I was and checked my watch.
10:07 A.M.
Now, I was really late!
Chapter 2
I swung my backpack over my shoulder and pulled the large wooden door to the building. Upon entering the deserted lobby, I assumed if I was as quiet as possible and Ms. Parkman had her back to the class as she usually did, maybe I could make it to my seat without being detected. Since I normally sat towards the back of the class, this hypothesis wasn’t too far of a stretch.
I opened the door to Ms. Parkman’s class as cautiously quiet as possible and peered inside. So far, so good. She was busy as usual writing scientific gibberish on the chalk board and lecturing, so the coast seemed clear. I moved as stealthily as I could. In fear it would creak and give away my position to the enemy, I was as careful as possible not to open the old banged-up door too wide. After squeezing through the tight, small opening I’d allowed myself, I gently closed the door behind me, silent as a cat burglar, and headed for my seat. Premature relief set in while I crept undetected to my goal. As I maneuvered quietly past several other inattentive students, a large size 12 sneaker came out of nowhere and obstructed my path. Too late to adjust my approach, I was sent flying head-first to the tile floor in a loud and thunderous crash.
Matt Mitchell: star quarterback of the Carver College football team and major thorn in my side.
“Loser!” he sneered. His buddies, along with several of the surrounding students who’d witnessed the incident, burst out in hysterical laughter.
“How nice of you to join us Mr. Reese,” said Ms. Parkman in an icy tone that made my heart quiver. She never turned away from the board and her writing. “Late yet again, I see. And this time you have even managed to disrupt my class as well.”
I sprang to my feet, recovered my pride along with my belongings, and took a seat next to Freddy, who greeted me with his usual sheepish grin.
“What took you so long to get here this time, Charlie? And please don’t say your alarm clock,” he whispered.
I ignored his question, pulling my biology textbook and a notepad from my backpack.
“What page are we on?”
“119,” he responded. He stared at me as though the answer to his question was magically written somewhere on my face.
Freddy and I had been best friends ever since we were both in diapers; we pretty much did everything together. I was adopted at an early age, too young to remember anything of my birth parents, and had never felt a real connection to anyone. But, Freddy and I bonded from the very beginning. He remained the one person I always felt I could trust, could depend on, no matter what.
Freddy was considerably larger than me. In fact, he was much larger than just about everyone else I knew. He reminded me of the Bill Cosby character Fat Albert, if he were somehow transported to the 21st century and shared an equal love of comic books and science fiction instead of musical instruments and educational lessons for kids. Freddy didn’t appear to mind the comparison either. Instead, he seemed to actually relish it. After all, he did treasure all things from the 80’s.
“So, you gonna make it to the fundraiser tonight, right?” Freddy asked. He chewed obsessively on his favorite blue pen. The top had long ago faded and been whittled down to an unidentifiable mass.
“Don’t you know? Apparently you’re my booking agent now,” I replied.
“Hey look, I’m just trying to put you on base, but you actually have to want to play the game. God knows you could use the help. What’s it been? 10 to 15 years? Besides, the fundraiser is going to be a blast. There’s gonna be raffles, games, good food, and a dunk tank. Hey, maybe even Ms. Parkman will be up there!”
We both chuckled at the thought of the ancient Ms. Parkman’s old creaky bones climbing into a dunk tank and giving us the satisfaction of submerging her over and over again. But, the more I thought about it, the more I assumed she was probably allergic to water.
Don’t feed her after midnight and don’t get her wet…
“Oh, and I almost forgot,” Freddy continued in a hushed whisper. “The great illusionist Standeval will be there as well.
“Who? I’ve never heard of him.”
“He’s only one of the world’s best magicians, hypnotists and masters of deception,” Freddy exclaimed, his voice tinged with excitement. Then suddenly, his words trailed off. “—until the unfortunate incident in Vegas.”
Now my interest was piqued.
“What incident is that?”
Freddy just shrugged. “Nothing really, just a misunderstanding with some guy in the crowd. But, back to the issue at hand. You need to be there to show some support for Allison. It will go a long way and earn you some huge brownie points, trust me.”
At first glance, taking relationship advice from a guy of Freddy’s stature would seem to be extremely foolish. Of African-American descent, he stood six feet-four inches tall and weighed in at a whopping 270 lbs. He wore horn-rimmed glasses and strangely, also preferred all of his jeans heavily starched and creased. He looked like an offensive lineman, even though he’d never actually played any organized football. But, he did have an unnatural way with the ladies that could not be denied.
The crackly voice of Ms. Parkman disrupted our conversation. She had inexplicably escaped the confines of her desk at the front of the class, slithered up the stairs as if she were a vile serpent, and stood towering before Freddy and me. A dark scowl dominated her wrinkled face. If the Wicked Witch of the West had an evil twin, it was sure to be Ms. Parkman.
“I doubt Mr. Reese will have time in his busy schedule to partake in the festivities you interrupt my lecture so freely to speak of, Mr. Carter.” The words rolled from her tongue like a double-edged blade and reverberated throughout the auditorium as though they were amplified. Freddy and I grew deathly silent, neither of us daring to speak a word. Her eyes had an almost fiery-yellow glint about them, making them seem to dance back and forth in creepy unison, starkly contrasting her snow-white, thinning hair.
“You are in serious jeopardy of failing my class, are you not, Mr. Reese?”
I swallowed hard and nodded reluctantly.
“As punishment for being late and continually interrupting my class, I expect a microbiology report on the Staphylococcus aureus lab exercise from yesterday in proper reference format and with all required attachments. Have it on my desk by 8 A.M. and not a minute late, or settle for an F. Class dismissed!”
As the other students hurriedly exited the auditorium, I sat still in my chair for at least a full minute.
“Your final grade depends on the quality of your report Mr. Reese!” Ms. Parkman announced in a smug tone as she slowly descended the stairs to her desk, clutching her briefcase in one hand, and coffee mug in the other. She was like a predator with its prey firmly in the grasp.
And I, unfortunately, was the prey.
Chapter 3
As I departed the science building, Freddy was there to greet me, full of cheer.
“Don’t let her get to you, Charlie. Heck, I’ll help you with the paper if I have to.”
“Thanks, but no thanks,” I said, careful not to hurt his feelings. If there was absolutely one thing I didn’t want Freddy’s help with, it was homework.
“Well, you could skip one of your afternoon classes and do the report. That way you can still make it tonight.”
“I can’t,” I sighed. “I’ve already missed the maximum allowed for my remaining classes; I have to make it to each one of them in order to pass as well.”
Freddy brainstormed a while longer as we entered Carver Hall and headed for the cafeteria. The lunch crowd was unusually thick for the quality of food produced there.
“Well, maybe I can find a science geek to help you out. I have a few extra bucks I can throw ‘em to do the report for you. Guaranteed A. I do know people, you know,” Freddy boasted as we sat down and each glanced up at the lunch menu.
Today’s Special: Sloppy Joe sandwich and french fries.
Yummy.
“No, Freddy,” I said finally. “I put myself in this situation, and I’m going to get myself out of it. Much as I would love to be there tonight and see Allison, my scholarship is more important. If I don’t pass all my classes this semester, I'll lose it and have to move back home. And you know that’s not an option I’m willing to entertain.”
Freddy dropped his head in silence. He understood; he was there. He had always been there for me when I questioned myself, my seemingly meaningless existence, and how a mother could give up a son so easily, or how a father could abandon his heir to the world. I never felt as though I belonged pretty much anywhere. Not that my adoptive parents weren’t supportive. They were great providers and loved me dearly. I’ve just always had an unexplained emptiness inside of me, a burning desire to get away. That my destiny was waiting patiently for me. I just didn’t know where.
My adopted mother died of leukemia when I was thirteen, and my father became an empty shell afterward, drinking himself to sleep each night. With a deceased mother and an absentee father, I was pretty much on my own after that. Being in college and earning a degree to support myself was now my sole motivation. To never have to depend on anyone else for anything ever again.
Chapter 4
As I struggled to concentrate through my remaining classes, the rest of the afternoon was a blur. All I could manage to focus on was the assignment and how on earth I was going to accomplish it. I’d never done a microbiology report, along with the majority of my classmates, but somehow Ms. Parkman saw fit to make it the one thing I needed to complete in order to pass her class.
After Economics, my final class of the day, I headed back to my dorm room and tried to work on the report. It proved to be even more difficult than I’d first imagined. Honestly, I didn’t even know where to begin.
Freddy suddenly burst through the door, grinning wildly from ear to ear. He was obviously very excited about something and couldn’t wait to share it.
“The fun and games start in 20 minutes, Charlie. You sure you don’t want to postpone this nonsense and tag along?”
I took a deep breath and exhaled.
“This nonsense is my meal ticket. There will be other fundraisers, but if I don’t finish this report, I won’t be here to enjoy them, remember?”
Freddy paused for a second, as if he were weighing the relevance of what I’d said. Then, muttering something incoherent under his breath and just beyond earshot, he ambled to his wardrobe, opened it, and began browsing the inventory. He gave a quick sniff to each armpit, winced, and removed a shirt, his favorite Chuck Norris-themed one. Strolling to the mirror, he checked his reflection.
“I must say, I am strikingly handsome, don’t you think?”
“Sorry buddy,” I quipped. “Like the great Chuck himself, I believe real men don’t give other men compliments.”
“Whatever,” he countered, smirking. “Real men take care of business. Speaking of business, I saw Allison earlier today, and I must say, she was pretty excited you were coming out to support her.”
After dropping that bombshell effectively, Freddy waited a brief moment, then released another.
“I also saw her and Matt chatting it up. They seemed to be getting pretty cozy on their way to the fundraiser. But, I understand… you have work to do. So, you do what you have to do, and I’ll give you all the juicy details tonight when I get back.”
And without another word, he left the room, slamming the door shut behind him with a thud. It was a sickening thud, similar to prison bars being closed on an inmate for the first time. And suddenly, I felt as if I was in that prison. A prison of consequence and solitude. I knew the hard work and dedication required to maintain a healthy GPA and keep my scholarship. But, just as so many failed college students before me, I’d too often chosen the party life over early morning lectures and writing essays. And now, it had all come down to one assignment.
Chapter 5
After another hour or so of toiling with the assignment, I reluctantly decided to take a break and go to the fundraiser. I could stay there for an hour or two, come back refreshed, and finish the report then, I reasoned. I quickly changed my clothes and headed outside. The cool Michigan night air swirled gently and rushed up to greet me.
The fundraiser was a huge success. Students and locals alike had turned out in record numbers to show their support. Music and laughter filled the air. There were assorted carnival games. Concession stands sold turkey legs, hot dogs, popcorn, etc. I scanned the crowds hoping to catch a glimpse of Allison. Unexpectedly from behind, I felt two hands slowly creep up my sides and suddenly wriggle into my armpits, causing me to jump about two feet off the ground.
Laughter ensued.
“I didn’t mean to scare you there, Charlie,” Allison managed to say between giggles. I cleared my throat and looked around to make sure no one had witnessed my moment of weakness. She looked as stunningly beautiful as ever.
“I wasn’t scared; you just startled me is all”.
“Looked pretty scared to me,” Freddy added as he walked up, clutching a giant soda pop. “So, we found time to make it out did we?” he asked. His voice was tinged with obvious cynicism.
“I’m just taking a break,” I said. My eyes shot daggers in his direction.
He let out a dry laugh and turned his attention to Allison.
“And how are you doing on this beautiful evening, Allison?” Freddy oozed charm. “What an incredible job you’ve done putting all this together.”
“Why thank you, Freddy!” Allison gushed, expressing her appreciation by reaching up to gift him a light kiss on the cheek. Freddy grinned slyly, giving me the thumbs-up sign behind her back as she hugged him.
Now why didn’t I think of that?
“I’m in the mood for an elephant ear. Do you guys want to join me?” Allison’s lips curved in that cute little way I’d come to love and covet.
“Uh, sure,” I said, shrugging my shoulders. I tried my best to mask my internal excitement. Freddy chose to gracefully bow out.
“Nah, I told Brittany I’d meet her later on and try to win her a teddy bear. She loves her some stuffed animals.”
He put two fingers up to his temple and made a gesture with his thumb like he was pulling a trigger. We all laughed.
Brittany was Freddy’s on again, off again love interest. One moment they’d seem hopelessly in love; the next, they couldn’t stand to be in the same zip code as each other. I knew I didn’t have any real experience in the area of love, but it seemed as though something was truly wrong with their situation. If that was love, I wanted no part of it.
“I’ll catch up with you guys later.” Freddy waved and disappeared into the crowd. It was just me and Allison now.
Alone.
Oh, dear God.
Chapter 6
“So where is the funnel cake stand?” I asked, trying to make small talk. Normal speech and conversation were about to go the way of the Dodo bird, extinct, if I didn’t collect myself and calm my nerves quickly. I took a deep, relaxing breath, taking care to ensure she didn’t notice.
“I think I saw an elephant ear stand over by the ring toss game,” she said as we walked, then grinned, before slipping her arm into my own, pulling me closer. OK, another deep breath was definitely going to be needed before I fainted. She obviously wasn’t very shy and knew what she wanted. But, was it possible that what she wanted could really be me?
“My dad grew up in Georgia, in a small town east of Macon. He used to tell my brother and me stories about going to the state fair each year for an elephant ear as a child. Some people up north refer to them as funnel cakes, and I suppose there is a slight difference, but the term elephant ear has stuck for me.”
I nodded in agreement. I had to admit the doughy, powder-covered delights did rather favor a large elephant ear.
We made our way through the throngs of people walking about while screams of laughter and excitement saturated the peaceful night. Everyone seemed to be in great spirits.
“So, do you think you’ll be able to raise the money you need for Carver Hall?”
“I’m not sure. I hope so. That place could use every dollar we can get.”
We both laughed. Before I even noticed, we had arrived in front of the funnel cake…er…excuse me, elephant ear stand.
“Two of your finest elephant ears, please,” I said proudly to the middle-aged and flabby cheeked woman behind the counter. She looked genuinely confused for a moment, then smiled and produced two delicious smelling pastries, setting them down in front of me. I grabbed one delicately, handed it to Allison, then took the other for myself.
“That will be six dollars, young man,” the woman said and held out her pudgy hand.
“That’s a bit pricey don’t you think?” Allison asked. She gave the woman a firm look, but only received a defiant smirk in return.
“Six dollars. Take it or leave it.”
“It’s OK,” I said, reaching for my wallet. “I can handle it.”
I gave the woman a ten dollar bill and told her to keep the change. Allison gave me a puzzled look as we turned to walk away.
“What was that, Charlie?”
“She’s just trying to make a living. It’s not a problem.” I too thought the prices were a bit steep, but I wasn’t going to let it ruin my time with Allison. Besides, I wanted to get back to our private conversation as soon as possible.
“That’s not the point. I want to raise as much money during this event as possible but not at the unfair expense of others. She might as well have worn a hood and pointed a gun at you, the old fashioned way. At least then the robbery would sit better in my stomach.”
I laughed and threw my head back, holding my side with my free hand as we walked. I should have never taken my eyes off of where I was going. Before I realized what was happening, I felt something impede my step and was unexpectedly on my way to the ground. I tried to place a hand out in front of me to brace the fall, but only managed to get the hand carrying the elephant ear up, just enough to face plant directly into it. My face was covered in white powder and clumps of dough. I looked as though I had just been assaulted by a bag of cake flour. Laughter erupted all around me.
This can’t be happening again, I thought.
Chapter 7
“Oh look at the loser,” a sadly familiar voice taunted from above me. “Why don’t you learn how to walk, freak!”
Matt Mitchell. He and his goon squad had found a way to embarrass me once again. What was it about me that attracted the dumb jock? He seemed to always pick the worst time to make a fool out of me. One day I would pay him back. But for now, the score was somewhere along the lines of Matt: twenty-two hundred and seven, Charlie: zero.
I rose to my feet, wiping my face with the backs of my sleeves. It wasn’t working too well, but at least I was able to see. My jeans now had a small, but noticeable rip in them just above the knee.
“You’re such a jerk!” Allison yelled, reaching into her purse and finding a pack of wet wipes. Women are so resourceful. She took out a couple and started to wipe at my face. Realizing how this was potentially making my plight that much worse, I politely took the wipes from her and began to do it myself.
“It’s not my fault that poor little Charlie doesn’t ever watch where he’s going,” Matt responded in a very pouty voice that suggested he was about to cry, causing his buddies to laugh hysterically. Was that who he really thought I was? A poor, vulnerable child? Is that how I presented myself?
“How about you try bumping into me. See where that gets you.”
I smiled inwardly and breathed a huge sigh of relief. The cavalry had arrived.
Freddy stepped in between me and Matt. Freddy’s jaw was firmly set. His eyes were glued to Matt’s. The old stare down contest.
“Your move.”
Matt laughed awkwardly and slapped two of his buddies on the shoulder for moral support.
“Can you believe this guy?”
They all laughed, but no one dared take a step forward. To a man, none of them wanted to tussle with Freddy. Contrary to his physically imposing stature, he was a very fun-loving guy, but he was well-known for the occasional fight at local parties and bars around town where most of Matt’s friends frequented.
And he never lost.
Ever.
“Come on, guys. Let’s leave this loser to his friends.” Matt turned to leave, and then stopped short. “You should have stuck with a proven winner, Allison. This guy ain’t even worth your time.”
The jocks retreated into the sea of people like a pack of crazed hyenas, cackling and jabbing each other. It resembled some weird type of mating ritual I’d seen on the nature channel.
“Thanks for the hand, buddy.”
Freddy slapped me on the back so hard it almost knocked me back down.
“No problem. I’m sure you had it handled. I was just providing a little reinforcement.”
“You’re such a sweetheart, Freddy,” Allison crooned and rubbed his cheek.
“You’re much too kind, my lady,” Freddy said, doing his best impression of a medieval knight’s bow.
“I think I’m going to be sick,” I muttered under my breath.
“What’s that, Charlie?” Allison turned from gushing over Freddy to face me.
“I said I’m going to go wash up real quick. I’ll be right back.”
“OK. The show starts in just a few minutes. I’d love it if we all went over together.”
“Sounds great. I won’t be long.”
I turned and headed to the nearest bathroom in Carver Hall. My head was flowing with thoughts of revenge. I didn’t know how, but someday, Matt Mitchell would eat his words. I wasn’t a loser. I was a winner, too. And I was very much worth Allison’s time.
Chapter 8
After I got cleaned up, we all made our way to the large outdoor pavilion dedicated to the fundraiser’s main attraction. Attendance was approaching full capacity as we arrived and found only a few remaining seats near the front. The temperature was about ten degrees warmer inside the pavilion than out. I took the opportunity to sit next to Allison, savoring the moment.
On stage, a young aspiring magician was attempting the tired act of pulling a rabbit from a hat. Only the trick didn’t go quite as planned. He made the rabbit “disappear,” only seconds later to have the furry critter hop from under the cloth-draped stool at center stage, its whiskers twitching back and forth in defiance. The crowd erupted in animated laughter. The young magician, embarrassed, collected his props, scooped up the rabbit in one swift motion, and scurried behind the velvet curtain, his own tail tucked firmly between his legs, so to speak.
“I hope the main event is better than that,” I joked and jabbed Freddy sharply in the ribs.
“Just wait, you’ll see,” he replied, and painfully returned the favor.
A young, well-groomed gentleman dressed in a dapper gray suit and open-collared shirt appeared on stage next and the audience hushed in excited anticipation.
“And now, ladies and gentleman, for the moment you have eagerly been waiting for....”
He paused for effect.
“He is the mysterious, the magical, the fascinating, the fantastical. The one and only: Great Standeval!”
And with that, he swept his arm forward in presentation as he backed towards the rear of the stage. The large velvet curtains slowly parted, and a handsome man in his mid-thirties walked forth through a veil of mist. Allison, along with several other audience members, gasped at the sight. He didn’t dress as one would expect for a magician. Instead, he wore dark loose slacks, expensive shiny loafers, and a red silk shirt unbuttoned to the sternum. His cuff-links were solid gold encrusted with diamonds. To be honest, he looked more like the lead singer of Coldplay than a magician.
In a deep smooth baritone, he addressed the audience.
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Standeval. I don’t know whether you came here tonight seeking magic card tricks, or to see someone sawed in half. Or, maybe even the timeless favorite of pulling a bunny from a top hat.”
The audience roared as they recalled the earlier disaster.
“Well, I am sorry to inform you that none of those things will you see tonight,” he continued. “I am no magician or conjurer of cheap tricks and thrills. I am a master illusionist who will neither attempt to trick nor deceive you. I guarantee everything that you see tonight will be exciting and hard to believe, yet it will be 100% real, 100% authentic. No trap doors, no hidden wires and such. Illusion is belief motivated by the realization of desire. Desire that all of us have inside. I will prove it to you tonight.”
Chapter 9
While he casually walked the edge of the stage, Standeval scanned the audience.
“I will need a volunteer for my first demonstration.”
Enthusiastic hands shot up throughout the pavilion. He pointed to a guy a few rows behind us.
“You sir, would you please come to the stage?”
The zealous and willing guy rushed from his seat and up the stairs to stand before The Great Standeval.
“What’s your name, sir?”
“Edgar Fulton, Carver College Class of 2012!” he said, pumping his fist in the air feverishly to the delight of the crowd.
“Well Edgar, it seems you are a very confident and charismatic gentleman, are you not?”
“I like to party, if that’s what you’re asking,” he responded, again to the cheers and glee of the crowd.
“Do you believe in hypnotism, Edgar?”
“Can’t say that I do. I don’t believe someone can make you do something against your will.”
“Ah, but hypnotism is NOT against your will, Edgar. The line between illusion and hypnotism is a fine one. It is not what someone makes you do; it is what you believe. Do you mind if we give it a try?”
Edgar shrugged his shoulders. “Sure, why not?”
Standeval pulled a small gold medallion attached to a chain from his pants pocket.
“Someone bring me a chair please,” he beckoned. A chair was immediately brought to the stage and set in place.
“Have a seat Edgar.” Standeval dangled the medallion in the man’s face, back and forth, as he spoke.
“The mind is a very powerful tool. Man has yet to tap into the wonders and potential that is hidden there,” Standeval said, addressing the audience, but maintaining his attention on Edgar.
“Focus on the medallion. Now I want you to count backwards from ten.”
As Edgar began to count aloud, Standeval leaned in close to his ear and whispered something. Once Edgar reached the count of one, he sat motionless in the chair, facing the crowd.
“Now, what would you like to see Edgar do?” Standeval asked as he addressed the audience once more.
All manner of things was shouted, but a shrill voice near the front was the obvious winner.
“He’s a dog, make him act like one!”
The audience burst into laughter.
“Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned,” joked Standeval. He leaned forward and whispered in Edgar’s ear again, who immediately dropped to the floor and began crawling about on his hands and knees, panting and barking. Gasps of disbelief and excited whispers emanated throughout the crowded pavilion as Edgar followed Standeval’s every command, from rolling over to playing fetch.
Allison grabbed my arm and pulled me closer.
“Can you believe this, Charlie?”
I could feel her body slightly tremble against mine. I smiled to myself as we continued to watch the action on stage. Freddy glanced over, saw Allison and I almost cuddled together, and gave an affirmative nod and wink.
On stage, Standeval spoke for a while about the wonders of hypnotism, illusions and the power of suggestion versus the power of belief. All the while, Edgar followed behind him with the playful eagerness of a Labrador Retriever. Finally, Standeval released him from the hypnosis with a simple snap of his fingers.
“I told you it wouldn’t work,” Edgar snickered as he walked down the steps of the stage. The audience laughed and heckled to hysterical proportions, at which point he paused and frowned, looking appropriately puzzled on the way back to his seat.
“And now that I have your complete and undivided attention, who would like to give it a try next?” Standeval asked, looking over the audience. There were fewer hands willing to volunteer this time around.
“Hey buddy, why don’t you volunteer?” Freddy asked, looking over at me with a wry smile.
“Oh, I don’t think so,” I replied. There was no way on earth I would ever volunteer for something like this.
Standeval started to make his way from the stage, up the rows of seats, looking back and forth from one audience member to the next. Finally, his gaze rested upon me, and I froze as solid as a statue, hoping and praying that if I was as still as possible he wouldn’t notice me and move on.
But, he didn’t.
He moved closer.
Chapter 10
“You sir, you appear to be a fine gentleman. One who is brave, dashing and courageous. Surely you wouldn’t mind participating in a harmless display of the power of the mind? And I am certain this beautiful young woman beside you would undoubtedly appreciate your act of civility, as will I,” he said, taking Allison’s hand into his own and kissing it lightly.
“Oh, no…I’m not interested,” I managed to say.
“Come on Charlie,” pleaded Allison.
Now what was I supposed to do? I couldn’t just say no to Allison, could I? And, she’d apparently fallen for his charm. I’d definitely have to do something about that.
“Well, OK,” I said finally as I rose to my feet.
“Alright, we have ourselves a volunteer!” bellowed Standeval to the delight of the crowd.
I followed him back to the stage and took a seat in the empty chair. The bright white lights were blinding, and I was unable to see anyone clearly in the audience, which was probably a good thing as I was nervous beyond reason.
“And what is your name, fine sir?”
“Charlie.”
“Well thank you Charlie for volunteering, and I promise to take good care of you.”
The crowd laughed at his decidedly poor attempt at humor, in my opinion of course.
“So, now that you have witnessed the basic principles of hypnotism and the power of the mind in action, Charlie and I will perform another feat for your entertainment. Are you ready, Charlie?”
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” I answered, trying to remain calm, but failing miserably.
“And what creative ideas can this wonderful audience come up with for my new good friend, Charlie?”
There were all manner of ideas submitted, from the humorous to the completely reprehensible; no stone seemed to be left unturned. From near the back of the pavilion came a voice I recognized almost immediately.
“He’s a freak! Make him think he’s an alien! He should feel right at home!” The audience yet again burst into raucous laughter.
Matt Mitchell. Once again, he’d taken advantage of an opportunity to embarrass me in front of Allison. You see, like me, Matt also had a crush on her since way back in grade school. And though the two were an item once, she had chosen to break it off. Matt had always suspected I had something to do with it, and he'd held a grudge ever since.
“No, no, wait everyone,” Standeval pleaded with the audience to settle down. “I do believe this may actually be a good idea, if Charlie doesn’t have a problem with it.”
He gave me a questioning stare as though he were awaiting my permission.
“Let’s do it.”
I wasn’t going to let Matt Mitchell get the best of me if I could help it. Besides, I didn’t really believe in all this hypnotism nonsense anyway. I decided to play along for the entertainment value and get off the stage as fast as I could, with my pride hopefully still intact.
“Now, same as before, Charlie. I want you to count backwards from ten while focusing on my voice,” Standeval instructed. He removed the medallion and chain from his pocket again. As the golden jewelry dangled slowly from side to side in front of me, I focused on Standeval’s voice and began to count backwards.
“Ten, nine, eight, seven, six….”
Now, what happened next was later told to me by Freddy, but I will recount most of it for you. Apparently, as I finished counting, Standeval leaned in to whisper something into my ear, just as he had done earlier with Edgar. But, as he turned to face the audience, faulty wiring near the stage unexpectedly began to spark, setting the curtain ablaze.
Chaos ensued.
Screaming and shouting filled the pavilion as people rushed in fear towards the exit. Freddy and Allison came to my rescue as I continued to sit motionless in the chair upon the fiery stage. Standeval had disappeared and was mysteriously nowhere to be found. The fire department arrived just as I was ushered outside and quickly brought the raging fire under control. A firefighter EMT tried to assist me in regaining consciousness. By Freddy’s sketchy account, I resembled one of the catatonic mental patients from the Brad Pitt movie, 12 Monkeys. Finally, after several minutes, I was coherent and thankfully back to normal.
Or so I thought.
Chapter 11
Back in my dorm room hours later, I tried to focus on my homework assignment. I didn’t want to dwell on what I’d just been through. It was a freak occurrence that I was all too happy to put behind me.
10:42 P.M.
I’d only completed about two paragraphs of the first page with four more pages to go. But now, for some reason, I amazingly found the assignment to be less challenging. It was as though I knew exactly where to focus my energy and efforts. The information just seemed to come to me. I felt different, as if somehow changed. But exactly how or why, I had no idea.
After a couple more hours of intensive research and typing, I finally completed the assignment. I felt rather satisfied with the finished result and smiled to myself in triumph. I checked the time.
11:38 P.M.
I made a mental note to replace the broken alarm clock and gathered my books and papers together for class the next morning. Then I flopped across my bed, exhausted from the day’s events. I left Freddy a sticky note, so he could wake me in the morning and ensure I’d be on time to turn the paper in. He’d gone out to party with some friends after seeing me safely back to the dorm and hadn’t returned yet.
I closed my eyes, fell almost instantly to sleep, and began to dream. A vivid, detailed dream of beautiful lands with sweeping landscapes and beautiful sky blue rivers that seemed far away, yet strangely familiar somehow. It was all breathtaking. I could hear the soft elegant voice of a woman gently calling my name. Without warning, the dream grew dark and unsettling, with images of lands ravaged, war, and death. I heard the screams of the same woman who’d called my name earlier and sprang awake, drenched in a cold sweat.
Freddy was staring at me intently from across the room. Blinding sunlight beamed through the half-drawn curtain.
“Are you OK, Charlie?”
“Yeah, I’m fine,” I said. I wiped my brow and looked around. “What time is it?”
“8:45A.M. You sure you’re OK?”
“I said I’m fine. Why do you keep asking?” I replied, perturbed by his tone.
“Calm down, buddy. Only reason I ask is that you seemed to of had a rough night. I heard you talking in your sleep, but I couldn’t understand what you were saying. Sounded like you were speaking in tongues or something.”
He chuckled, but I wasn’t moved.
“I was just concerned, that’s all.”
I slid to the edge of the bed and placed my head in my hands.
“I don’t know. I had a really crazy dream last night. I mean, I know I was dreaming, but it all felt so real.”
I ran a hand through my disheveled hair.
“What about?”
I recalled my dream in detail for Freddy.
“Don’t worry about it, Charlie. It’s probably due to the hypnosis. I wish I could get my hands on that creep Standeval. And to think, I was one of his biggest fans.”
I took a deep breath as I realized he was probably right. I had just been the unlucky recipient of a failed hypnosis from a shady illusionist. And besides, it made perfect sense that I would have crazy dreams related to it.
“Maybe I should go to the campus clinic just in case.”
“Not a bad idea. Oh, and by the way, you should get yourself a wristwatch too,” Freddy said. He turned on the TV and began to channel surf.
“Why is that?” I asked, confused.
“So you can stop depending on me for the time. Heck, I already bought you a new alarm clock. I got tired of seeing that pathetic look on your face every time you were late for class. But, I’m not buying you a watch, too. Last I checked, we weren’t going steady.”
The words hit me like a ton of bricks. I took a much closer look at the alarm clock next to my bed. It wasn’t the same one I’d purchased weeks earlier at the flea market. Freddy had in fact replaced my old clock with a new one. But, how was the time incorrect last night? Or had I just imagined it? There was no possible way I could have completed a five page report in less than an hour. My hands started to tremble.
Suddenly, there was a soft knock at the door. I walked over to open it, but no one was there. The hallway was completely deserted. On the floor at my feet, I found a plain white envelope, addressed to me. I scooped the envelope up suspiciously and opened it, slowly reading its contents:
We know who you are Charles Reese and what you’re capable of. It is time you learned of your destiny and why you are here.
Chapter 12
“Who is it, Charlie?” Freddy asked from his seat on the couch. When I didn’t answer, but simply stood there with a dumfounded look on my face, he got up and walked over, giving me a puzzled look. Then, noticing the piece of paper, he calmly pried it from my grasp and read it.
“Who left this? Did you see where it came from?”
I didn’t respond.
“Is this what you’re all worked up about? It’s probably some lame attempt at humor by Matt and his cronies,” Freddy offered.
If it was humor, I wasn’t laughing. All manner of thoughts invaded my brain.
Who exactly am I? Could this letter quite possibly have any truth to it?
My thoughts were interrupted by the sudden shrill sound of the telephone ringing. Freddy rushed over to answer.
“It’s for you.”
As I placed my ear to the receiver, a low, directive voice spoke.
“If you ever want to see Allison alive again, you will do exactly as I say.”
“Who is this?” I shouted, my nerves like fireworks as I white-knuckled the phone.
“Who I am does not matter. If you wish her to come to no harm, you will do exactly as I say.”
“I’m listening,” I answered reluctantly. I realized I had no choice but to comply.
“What is it, Charlie?” Freddy asked, trying to stay apprised of the situation. I ignored him, listening closely to the voice.
“If you ever want to see your little girlfriend again, walk downstairs and get into the car waiting outside. Now.”
The voice on the other end of the line went silent and was replaced by the steady hum of the dial tone. For a second, I stood frozen in place, processing what I’d just been told.
Allison is in trouble. You need to move.
My brain sent the much delayed signal to my feet to spring into action, and I dropped the receiver as I headed for the door. Freddy scrambled out the door behind me, demanding an explanation at the same time. I didn’t bother to offer one as I dashed down the stairwell.
Reaching the bottom, I wildly flung the door open and noticed a dark sedan with tinted windows parked a short distance away. The rear window lowered slowly, and I could see Allison, her mouth covered by a man’s gloved hand, her eyes wide in terror.
“Allison!” I shouted, lunging forward in an attempt to rescue her. Freddy was close at my heels. He had no earthly idea what was going on, but he wasn’t about to let his best friend face it alone.
Thank God for Freddy.
Seemingly out of nowhere, a black van pulled up between us and the car holding Allison, its tires screeching to a halt. Two hooded men jumped out, and before I could react, a metallic object was jabbed into the side of my neck. Agonizing pain shot through my body like tiny bolts of electricity while I fell forward and was hurriedly shoved into the back of the van. My head felt like it was quite literally on fire. As my mind slowly faded to black, everything became foggy and muddled, and I finally lost consciousness.
Chapter 13
Several hours later, I awoke in an abandoned warehouse of some kind that smelled of musty old rags and burnt motor oil. The walls had a thick greasy film that was most unpleasant, but they did sport some pretty impressive graffiti in several places. My hands and feet were bound securely to the chair I had been placed upon. While I took in my surroundings, I noticed Allison and Freddy were similarly bound a few feet away, both unconscious. I presumed they had also received the same shock treatment tendered to me before being unceremoniously thrown into the back of a van.
While I struggled to clear my head of the cobwebs and fogginess, the side door of the warehouse creaked open and in walked a well-dressed older gentleman followed by two younger men, both clad in black. It felt like the start of a bad mafia-type movie that usually didn’t end well for the guy strapped to the chair. As they drew closer, I recognized one of the men as the guy who had jabbed me in the neck earlier by the tattoo on his wrist. It was the depiction of a snake that coiled up his forearm.
How original.
“Hello, Charlie, said the older gentleman. “My name is Robert Keller. I am extremely sorry for the theatrics we had to stage in order to get you here, but I knew you wouldn’t believe us if we simply tried to approach you out of the blue.” He had deep-green eyes with wide nostrils and excessive cowlicks on both sides of his head. He also had broad shoulders that told me he was in great shape and not a man to be taken lightly.
“And this was your bright idea of saying hello?” I countered.
“I do apologize, but, you are in grave danger. Everyone you ever knew or cared for is also in grave danger. Everything you know or thought you knew is about to change.”
I didn’t know how to respond to that, so I chose to listen instead.
“You are not from this world, Charlie Reese. You are a descendant of a very proud race of beings from the planet Etheus.”
I laughed and looked around the room for a hidden camera. Certainly I was being pranked. This had to be a joke, or this guy was definitely off his rocker.
“This is no laughing matter,” he replied irritably. “A war is coming, and you will be at its front and center.”
He paused before continuing.
“The planet Etheus had been at war for years. There were two factions: the Alarians and the Chirac. The Chirac built a powerful weapon called the Orion device they hoped would give them a decisive edge in the war. Instead, the device inadvertently began to destroy the planet from its very core. The Elders searched for a solution, but in the end, the only thing left to do was evacuate as many as possible. The search was on to find a planet habitable for our race. Earth was eventually chosen for its many similarities to Etheus, and plans were made. It is unknown how many ships were able to escape the destruction. Most of our people have lived peacefully in secret for years amongst the human race. It was originally believed that Vicktor, the leader of the Chirac, did not survive the exodus of the planet. But, with the sudden emergence of several others, we now have positive intelligence that he is very much alive. And, as he tried on our home planet, he is making plans to rebuild the Orion device and take over Earth. He must be stopped before Earth is destroyed as well.”
Chapter 14
“Let’s pretend for a moment that I believe even one word of what you’re saying, and I don’t. What does this have to do with me?” I asked.
This was all just a little too farfetched to believe. I mean, an alien? If my neck wasn’t still stinging from earlier, I would have been convinced that this was all some horrible nightmare, and I would wake up any minute.
“You are the key, Charlie, whether you know it or not. It was foretold many years ago that a child would be born who would one day hold the fate of the world in his hands. You are that child.”
“You stand here and expect me to believe this? Untie me and my friends and let us go. I’ve heard just about enough of this nonsense!”
“Well, Charlie,” Robert said with a casual smile, removing a handkerchief from his pocket and wiping his brow. “If you want out of those bonds so badly, do it yourself.”
“Screw you!” I screamed at him. I wanted so badly to get up out of the chair and wipe the smug look off of his face. My chest heaved up and down, and I became more infuriated by the minute. None of this made any sense to me.
“Or…perhaps you just need to be properly motivated. Jason, please help Charlie find his motivation.”
Snake Tattoo stepped forward, reached into his waist jacket, and removed a nickel-plated revolver. Aiming it directly at my temple, he slowly pulled the trigger back.
“Wait! Wait! What are you doing?” I yelled. I struggled furiously against the ropes that bound me, but it was no use. Then, everything seemed to move in slow motion. I closed my eyes and visualized the weapon trained on me as well as the ropes securely fastened to my hands and feet. I could sense, almost feel the trigger as it inched back, further and further. I felt a forceful yet relaxing pulse reverberate throughout my body. Its warm, calming aura surrounded me, removing everything else. All my fears, my past failures, the sense of helplessness I often felt were all replaced by this amazing feeling.
A feeling of power.
And it felt great.
The ropes began to gradually loosen and fell to the floor. The magazine dropped from the revolver; the round loaded in the chamber popped out of the ejection port and flew across the room, landing harmlessly against a rusted tool box on the concrete floor. I stood and faced the tattooed man before me, his expression a satisfying mixture of shock and awe.
“Very good, Charlie!” I knew you had it in you, lad!” Robert proclaimed, clasping his hands together.
“Wh…what just happened?” asked a groggy Freddy. He looked around him, from the unarmed and bewildered gunman, to Allison still tied and unconscious, to an ecstatic and thrilled Robert, and finally, to me.
“Somebody had better start explaining why I’m currently tied up and being detained against my will. Hey, you with the bad haircut. What’s the meaning of this?” He directed the question to Robert, who only frowned and ignored him.
“We have to move fast, Charlie. If you prefer, we can place your friends in a safe house for now until things blow over, but time is of the essence.”
“Are you serious?” I asked. I was appalled at his words. “Do you honestly think I’m going anywhere with you? You just had a man point a gun to my head and pull the trigger. Not exactly what I would call extending an olive branch.”
“And you disarmed him with ease, did you not?” Robert reasoned. “I just wanted you to experience the power within you, Charlie. I am sorry I didn’t have time to try more conventional methods. I will tell you everything, but we must go now.”
“What power?” Freddy asked. “Charlie, what’s this clown talking about?”
Before I could even attempt a response, a deafening explosion rocked the warehouse, shattering the windows and sending shards of debris in all directions.
Chapter 15
Stars clouded my vision as I struggled to my feet. My head felt like it weighed a hundred pounds, and my ears rung incessantly from the severe impact of the blast. Freddy and Allison each remained tied to their chair, but they had tipped over and were now lying stranded on the cold floor. The blast must have also served as a fresh douse of water to the face for Allison, because she finally stirred and began to look around, her eyes stretched wide in fear, eyes that had never witnessed or experienced total immobilization before. Panic slowly crept over her usually tranquil demeanor like a dark cloud with a ninety percent chance of precipitation.
“Here, cut them loose,” Robert said. He tossed me a knife and removed the handgun from his ankle holster in one fluid motion. One of his men was still lying prone on the floor, and by the awful way in which his body was contorted, it was clear he wouldn’t be making the return trip to Planet Crazy with the rest of his friends.
“The Chirac are here. All the exits are covered,” Jason said in a worried tone. He peered cautiously out a broken window near the front of the warehouse. “All our men outside have been taken out. How could they have known where we are?”
“There’s no time to discuss,” Robert asserted. “We need to find a way out of here. Now.”
I hurried over and eventually managed to cut through the ropes binding Freddy and Allison. I didn’t have much experience with a knife and didn’t particularly care for them either, so it took me a minute. It seemed the quickest way, considering I didn’t know how to summon my newfound ability at will, at least not yet. And to be honest, I had no idea if it even worked that way. This was all uncharted territory for me.
“What on earth is going on?” Freddy asked, assisting Allison to her feet.
“That’s a relative question,” I replied. “I wish I knew.”
“Comforting,” he remarked, ever the cynic. He rubbed a hand across his forehead as if he was trying to soothe a painful headache.
“Where are we?” Allison asked. Her legs were a bit shaky and stiff from inactivity.
“In a warehouse of some kind. Just try to stay calm, and I’ll explain as much as I can to you shortly,” I said, trying to sound reassuring. It wasn’t very effective though, I surmised by the dissatisfied look on her face. And, to be quite honest, I could have used some comforting myself.
“Well, this is definitely not the way I envisioned spending my afternoon,” Freddy offered, trying to lighten the mood.
The mood, however, changed from bad to worse as a low, but steady humming sound could be heard just outside the warehouse.
“Quick! Everyone find someplace to hide!” Jason shouted and ducked behind a stack of old, worn tires and welding equipment.
Freddy and I shot each other a questioning glance, but we didn’t argue, following Jason’s lead and scrambling to find our own place to hide in the spacious warehouse. Robert and Allison quickly followed suit.
The humming grew louder and louder.
“What is that noise?” Freddy whispered to Jason.
“Search and destroy drones. The Chirac call them Scanners. They focus on movement and body heat. Be perfectly still if you want to get out of here alive!”
“I really don’t like that guy,” Freddy whispered, burrowing further between two large pieces of old, rusted machinery.
Two mechanical spheres suddenly flew through the broken warehouse windows. They were unlike anything I had ever laid eyes on before. Constructed from a sleek metal alloy I was hardly qualified to define, the spheres were both smooth and flawless in their intricate design. These were no remote controlled aircraft at the local mall being flown annoyingly over shoppers’ heads by some derelict high school dropout. The Scanners floated effortlessly around the room as though they were suspended by hidden cables or wires. My heart began to beat at an uncontrollable rate, and I was deathly certain the Scanners would hear it. I’ve never been one to freak out prematurely, but this was definitely some otherworldly stuff we were faced with.
Chapter 16
The Scanners moved across the warehouse floor methodically, in what appeared to be a grid-like pattern. The humming noise that had been so prominent moments before must have been a sort of start-up sequence; they were barely audible now that they were inside, moving stealthily from one area to the next. Bright red penetrating light, like dozens of tiny laser pointers tied together, swept back and forth from the spheres in a concentrated effort.
Then unexpectedly, a faint blur appeared to my right as a big black rat scampered across the warehouse floor, probably startled by our earlier attempt to hide. One of the Scanners picked up on the subtle movement instantly, and in a flash, it zoomed to the rodent’s location, hovering quietly above. A small rectangular compartment on the surface of the sphere opened and emitted a short, but powerful burst of red energy, instantly incinerating the rat. All that remained of the poor rodent was a few charred hair particles that floated silently to the warehouse floor like idle leaves stirred by a random gust of autumn wind.
I stifled a gasp and retreated further into the hiding spot I’d chosen, pondering the notion that it wasn’t quite sufficient enough.
How was all this happening? Extraterrestrial beings and flying saucers? What did I do to deserve this?
It was all too much to comprehend. I made myself a promise that this Robert character would definitely have some explaining to do if we ever made it out of the warehouse alive.
The two Scanners continued to sweep the warehouse, periodically pausing a brief moment before moving on. All of a sudden, one of the spheres stopped directly in front of where Freddy and Allison were hiding. The mechanical entity began to sway steadily side to side in a rocking motion, the red lights probing the piles of scrap metal intensely. Then, it stopped. The same compartment opened that had earlier spelled doom for the rat. My mind was a ball of nerves as I watched in horror from my hiding spot.
What could I do? I couldn’t just sit there and watch my friends become toast. I tried to focus on the sphere just as I had earlier with the handgun, but nothing happened. To my relief, several rounds were fired simultaneously at the sphere, penetrating the once flawless exterior and sending it crashing to the floor.
“Quick! This way!” Robert shouted as he hastily reloaded his handgun.
I scrambled from my hiding place and ran as fast as I could. I didn’t dare look back. The remaining Scanner immediately retaliated; it quickly spun around and sent repeated blasts in our direction, destroying everything the red beams of energy contacted. It was a war zone. Jason, a few paces in front of me, wheeled and began to return fire. The sphere reeled away from the path of the oncoming bullets, dodging them easily, and delivered an unrelenting barrage of its own in rapid succession.
One of the blasts struck an abandoned vehicle just as Allison ran by. The resulting explosion knocked her violently to the ground. She grimaced in obvious pain.
“Allison! Are you okay?” I asked, hurrying to her side. She nodded, but as she held her ankle gingerly, it was clear running was now out of the question. The Scanner moved closer to us. Somehow, I knew instinctively what I had to do. I would only have one shot at this.
I quickly rose to my feet, standing between Allison and the fast approaching sphere. Extending my right palm outward and away from my body, I felt an instant surge of raw power emanate from somewhere deep inside me to the very tips of my fingers. The sphere stuttered, and then stopped mid-flight, spinning uncontrollably. I envisioned it crumbling as if it were a piece of paper between my fingers, as what I imagined with my mind slowly began to manifest before me. The Scanner’s outer hull began to slowly creak and collapse; its metal alloy folded over upon itself again and again, until finally, it exploded into a fiery ball of flame.
I turned and helped Allison to her feet. To my chagrin, she had no clue what I’d done. She’d been too busy nursing her ankle.
“Can you walk?”
“I’ll manage. It’s a little stiff, but it’s OK.”
We made our way over to where the others had now gathered near the back of the warehouse. Robert opened a large metal grate in the floor and climbed inside, motioning for us to follow.
“We need to leave here quickly. That was only an attempt to test our strength before they breach. The next wave won’t be quite as relenting.”
“You call that relenting?” Freddy asked. “Are you on any meds? Because, you probably should be.”
Once each of us entered through the grate and were safely in the sewer below, Jason replaced the cover and reached into his pack, removing a small device. He carefully placed it on the underside of the grate, punched in a numerical code, and carefully removed a small pin in the side. Then, he reached into the pack once more, producing a map and a flashlight. The guy was a regular 007 prototype, I marveled.
“This way,” he said as he took the lead down the dark passageway.
After traveling only a few hundred feet, a powerful explosion from behind us shook the walls. We continued on through the sewer toward safety, with our escape route hopefully secured.
Chapter 17
After walking in silence for several minutes, Jason finally spoke.
“We are about eight blocks from a safe house we use on occasion.”
“No, we can’t go there. We have to assume it’s been compromised,” Robert said. “Let’s head for our alternate location.”
“Um, excuse me,” Freddy chimed in. “Does anyone want to address the elephant in the room?”
“There is no time to go into detail with you. We must make haste,” Robert responded.
“I’m pretty sure we can MAKE time for someone to explain to me why I woke up tied to a chair, and why flying saucers were just trying to make roasted duck out of my black butt!”
I subdued my laughter under my breath as we trudged on through dank sewer water up to the ankles. The water was freezing, and I didn’t even want to think what was potentially in it. The walls were coated in a thick green slime-like substance. I then had a thought. Maybe if we were lucky, we would run into a group of giant crime-fighting turtles who could help us out. At the rate my day was going, I wasn’t ruling anything out.
“As Jason mentioned earlier,” Robert began, sounding a bit impatient, “those machines were Scanners. They are designed to pick up body heat as well as motion and can be programmed for either search and recovery or search and destroy.”
“Well, from the looks of that rat, it’s pretty clear what their intentions were,” said Freddy.
“Yes, I suppose you’re right.”
“You suppose?” Freddy questioned, frustration starting to set in. “Look, I was enjoying myself in my nice, dry dorm room watching ESPN before you jack-assess kidnapped me.” He paused and looked around him. “Now, I’m getting shot at by little flying contraptions I can’t even begin to comprehend! So a little less cavalier attitude would be much appreciated. It’s not every day most normal people have a close encounter with E.T.”
“Mr. Carter,” Robert said rather crisply. “If I do recall, the letter we left was NOT addressed to you, so I really don’t know why you are here. You may take your leave whenever you please. No one will stop you.”
“What? And leave Charlie and Allison with you morons? I think not.” Freddy laughed and clutched his ribs for effect. “It’s apparent this little expedition is under very poor leadership. For my friends’ sake, I think I’ll stick around and make sure they get out of here in one piece.”
“Fine, suit yourself. Just don’t get in our way,” Jason growled.
“Fine.”
I walked beside Allison as she limped along, her arm slung over my shoulder; my arm was firmly around her waist for added support. God, even in the sewer, she still smelled great.
“How are you doing?”
She looked up at me with her soft brown eyes.
“I’m okay. My ankle’s a little stiff, but I don’t think it’s broken or anything. Probably just a light sprain.”
I sighed in relief.
“That’s good to hear. Hopefully we won’t have to do any more running.”
“I sincerely hope not,” she said with a warm smile.
I didn’t know how much more excitement my body could take either. It had already been a long day, and it was likely only going to get longer. I needed to talk to this Robert again. The things he had revealed to me earlier were just a bit too difficult to swallow. But, then again, I had done some pretty amazing things. Things that weren’t going to be very easy to explain…as I was about to find out.
“What’s going on here, Charlie?”
I recounted most of what Robert had told me earlier, including the events that led to us being kidnapped. I conveniently left out the parts about me dismantling a weapon and destroying an alien spacecraft with my mind. We would cross that bridge when we got there. I wasn’t too sure how to explain that one anyway. Or, if I fully understood it myself.
Allison laughed, a bit nervously. “So these guys are supposed to be from outer space?” “Yep.”
“And,” she cleared her throat, “you’re supposed to be from outer space?”
“Correct again.”
She slowly removed her arm from around my neck. That wasn’t a good sign. I felt a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach that the conversation was going south, right along with my shot of ever being with her.
Chapter 18
“This is all a little too hard to believe, Charlie. I don’t know what to say.”
“You’re telling me. I’m supposed to be some sort of savior, and I can barely pass college algebra!”
“What’s this I hear about a chosen one?” asked Freddy. He always picked the most inopportune time to jump into a conversation. He’d given up bickering with Robert long enough to eavesdrop on Allison and I.
So, I recounted once more for his benefit.
“Are you kidding me?” Freddy asked with a pessimistic look on his face. “This has got to be a joke. You, an alien? And chosen one on top of that?” He laughed heartily. Then, he addressed Robert.
“I’m pretty sure you’ve got the wrong guy. Charlie’s about as American as pizza. And I think I know a thing or two about pizza,” he said patting his belly.
“Uh, Freddy,” Allison interjected. “Pizza is originally from Italy.”
“Really? No way!”
Allison and I looked at each other. He couldn’t be serious.
“Well, you know what I mean! Just look at him, he’s boring,” Freddy said, staring me up and down with a miserable look.
“Gee, thanks buddy,” I replied. “Good to know I can always count on you for a ringing endorsement.”
“No problem, bro.” He pounded his chest emphatically with his fist and flashed a peace sign. “I got you.”
Jason sighed aloud as we came to a halt at a sudden turn in the sewer.
“Thank God, we’re here. I don’t know if I could last another minute in this place with this level of ignorance.”
He trudged over to a rusted ladder and began to climb.
Freddy looked at me with his head cocked sideways.
“Is he talking about us?”
I didn’t respond, except for a simple shrug of the shoulders. For his own safety, I didn’t know if this was a particular tree Freddy should be barking up.
“Hey, you wait until we get out of here!” he yelled up to Jason. “I’ll show you what ignorant means!”
“Relax, Freddy,” I said, trying to rein in his emotions. He could get worked up pretty easily sometimes.
“I’ll relax when these so-called space freaks start showing us some respect. I mean, kidnapping people? Come on!”
One at a time, we ascended the ladder onto the street above. The sunlight was bright and blinded my sensitive eyes. We’d been in the dark sewer for at least an hour or so. It appeared we’d come out near some type of alleyway, but the area was unfamiliar to me. I squinted, looking around for a landmark of some sort I might recognize. I had no idea where we were based off our current surroundings.
After a quick reconnaissance of the area, Robert approached a light brown car parked a few yards away and reached under the rear wheel well. Removing the magnetic key strip located there, he unlocked the car.
“Everyone in,” he ordered. “Jason, you drive. Charlie, in back with me.”
“I call shotgun!” Freddy yelled and jumped in the passenger seat before anyone could object. Jason snarled, but said nothing in return.
“I’m sorry,” I apologized. “He’s so inconsiderate sometimes.”
Allison brushed it off with a wave of her hand as I helped her into the back seat.
“It’s okay. I don’t mind.” She flashed her trademark smile. The one that could melt butter. If I was an alien with superpowers, then it was safe to say her smile was my kryptonite, my eternal weakness. The one weakness I would gladly succumb to over and over again.
Chapter 19
At Robert’s direction, Jason maneuvered the car stealthily along deserted side roads and empty backstreets. The idea was to keep off the main streets and intersections as much as possible to avoid detection. I couldn’t help but think that if the Chirac really wanted to find us, they would. Call it a crazy gut feeling. I seemed to be experiencing a lot of those lately. Or, maybe it was just acceptance of the bad luck I was having; nothing had gone right over the past twenty-four hours.
I glanced down at Allison while her head rested softly on my shoulder, her eyes closed. After what she’d seen and been through so far, she deserved the rest. I hated that she had been drawn into this, but I had to admit, I was enjoying her company, however unconventional it may be. A normal guy would have just asked her out on a date. I had to go and get her kidnapped in order to spend some quality time with her.
God, I’m such a loser, I thought to myself with a sigh.
I turned to face Robert, his somber, rarely expressive countenance blank as he stared attentively out the window. He struck me as someone who was always prepared and never rattled. He was the definition of a rock in the midst of a storm. At least that’s what I’d picked up so far during our brief and strained acquaintance.
He quietly addressed me without so much as a look in my direction. His tone was low and calm.
“There are things you must know if we are to survive this war, Charlie.”
“How did you find me?”
“We never lost you. Someone has always been there to watch over you. We had to know you were safe.”
He paused for a brief second as Jason made a sharp left down a roughly paved side street and accelerated once more.
“As a condition of our bodies’ adaptation to this world, most did not develop their full strength and abilities right away. It took years, and for a select few, they never did. For the infants who traveled with us here to Earth, the process was typically the same. Most did not develop their abilities, or Ascend as we refer to it, until their 21st birthday.”
Another pause followed as he checked the map in his lap and directed Jason to take the next right. It appeared we were doubling back on our route for some reason, maybe in an attempt to throw any pursuers off of our scent.
“You, however, were nudged before you were ready to Ascend. But, I must say you are rapidly gaining your strength and abilities faster than I would have ever expected.”
“Wait,” I interrupted. “You say I was nudged. What does that even mean? By who? And how?”
Robert took a deep breath and scratched the back of his neck. I noticed the diamond accents in his Tag Heuer wristwatch glistening in the sun.
“Well, I believe the Chirac had already found out about you and were curious to see if you really were the chosen one. They used the hypnosis to trigger your subconscious mind into awareness of who you really are.”
“So you’re saying The Great Standeval’s act was all staged? Heck, I wasn’t even planning to go. What would they have done then?”
“They would have just found another way,” Robert replied bluntly, his brow furrowed in clear resignation. “I have to say that we honestly didn’t anticipate such a bold move, so we also had to move quickly in order to secure your safety.”
“Well, you’re doing a masterful job of that so far,” I said, mainly under my breath.
“You are the key, Charlie.”
“Why do they want me so bad?”
“As I said, you are the key. You alone will decide the fate of this world and what’s left of our people.”
“And what if I don’t want to be a part of this war you speak of?”
Robert sighed and coolly glanced down at his wristwatch.
“I’m afraid you don’t have a choice. If you do not embrace your destiny, everything you know and love will cease to exist. Your friends, your family, this world will all be destroyed.”
“That’s an awful lot of responsibility to just dump onto someone.”
“I know, and I apologize, but there is no other way.”
I didn’t want to accept that answer.
I couldn’t.
Chapter 20
“There has to be another way. I’m not ready for any of this. I just got my driver’s license a couple of years ago, and I can’t even legally drink for Christ’s sake.”
“Well, technically, in Earth years you are nearly sixty years old. Time is irrelevant to us, Charlie. It took the ship carrying you here almost forty years to reach Earth’s atmosphere. And, in all that time you hadn’t aged a day. You were placed in an orphanage where you were adopted by the ones you now know as your parents. We have watched you from afar for the last twenty years.”
I frowned. I was a senior citizen? This day was just getting better and better. That was probably one piece of information he could have kept to himself.
“There’s a reason you never felt like you belonged here.”
“How did you know that about me?” I asked. I was caught completely off-guard.
“No social interests, next to no friends. I could go on and on,” Robert said. “You’ve been just a spectator of life for years now, Charlie. Even you have to admit that.”
He was right, I knew. In fact, I had known and accepted it for quite some time now.
“Well, I just think…”
“What is it, Charlie? Are you OK?” Robert asked.
My head was pounding all of a sudden, and I clutched my chest with both hands. I’d never felt anything like it before. Something wasn’t right.
“I…I don’t know for sure,” I managed to say between throbs of excruciating pain.
“This is important, Charlie,” Robert asserted, leaning in close to me. “Did you see or hear anything out of the ordinary?”
“Well…I did catch a momentary flash of something I couldn’t quite make out. It was there for a second, then gone.”
“How did you feel? Quickly!” Robert demanded, a look of growing concern upon his face. “I need to know now!”
“It was kind of like that butterfly feeling you get sometimes. Like something is…wrong.”
Without hesitation, Robert spoke to Jason sharply.
“The Chirac have found us. Get us off this road and to the mansion as fast as you can.”
Jason made quick eye contact with Robert through the rear-view mirror, then simply nodded, flooring the gas pedal.
“What’s going on?” Freddy asked.
Jason pressed the cigarette lighter, and the glove box opened mechanically. Inside was an assortment of handguns. He reached in, removed one, checked the magazine, and offered it to Freddy.
“Do you know how to use one of these?”
Freddy stared hard at him for a moment.
“I’m not even going to give you the satisfaction of answering that question.”
“We have company,” Jason murmured, glancing at his side mirror periodically.
I looked behind us and saw two black SUVs converging on us. Apparently, my sudden queasiness and Robert’s inexplicable sense of urgency were founded in truth.
“Um, you may want to step on it,” I offered.
“I’m going as fast as I can, considering,” Jason growled as he weaved in and out of traffic. We were no longer sticking to the side streets, but were now deep in heavy afternoon traffic. I still couldn’t make out where we were. If I had to guess, I’d say somewhere near the city of Grand Rapids judging by the many prominent buildings that draped the beautiful skyline.
A rumbling blast shook the car as a white delivery truck adjacent to us was hit and overturned. Jason did a masterful job of veering from its destructive path and maintaining control as we sped along.
“They’re using high explosive rounds,” Robert said, lowering his window to return fire. “We need to get away from the city as fast as possible to avoid any unnecessary civilian casualties.”
“I’m doing the best I can,” Jason said through pressed lips, visibly irritated as he concentrated on the road. “Freddy, you mind using that thing?”
“Certainly,” he answered with enthusiasm. He unfastened his seatbelt, lowered the car window, and began to fire off several rounds.
The next few minutes were nerve-racking, and it felt like an eternity as we narrowly escaped certain death time and again. I didn’t exactly know how I could help in this situation, so I just sat there with Allison, both anxious and afraid. Freddy eventually managed to hit the front tire of one of the SUVs, causing its driver to spiral out of control before crashing violently into a nearby utility pole.
“Yeah!” he shouted. “I knew all those hours playing Call of Duty would come in handy one day!”
“Don’t get cocky,” Jason cautioned while negotiating a hard right. “There’s still one back there.”
He reached into his jacket pocket for his cell phone and dialed a number.
“It’s me. We’re coming in hot over the 6th Street Bridge. Get ready.”
The rear window was shattered by small arms fire as we started across the bridge.
Allison screamed.
“This is much easier in the video game,” Freddy mumbled. He reached for an extra clip and reloaded.
Bullets riddled the rear and sides of the car as if they were golf-ball sized hail on a tin roof. We still had a good distance to go before we reached the other side.
“A little help here, Charlie?” Robert insisted before reloading and returning fire.
“What can I do?” I asked.
“At this point, anything would be nice.”
I reluctantly turned and peered over the back seat. I could see the one remaining black SUV barreling down on us through the broken window. What was I supposed to do? Even with my newfound powers, I didn’t’ know what I could do against a two ton vehicle. But, I had no choice; I had to try something.
I focused on the front of the vehicle and clenched my eyes shut. It was like someone turned down the volume on the world around me. I could easily see the shiny chrome bumper and front license plate of the Chevrolet Tahoe in my mind’s eye. I felt as though I was having an out of body experience, seeing everything around me so clearly. I could hear the sound of glass smashing and metal grinding as the SUV abruptly jerked, then plummeted downward into the reinforced concrete bridge. It was equivalent to watching a violent head-on collision at 70 mph. Both front wheels popped off like the cork of a freshly shaken champagne bottle.
As we sped safely away, I opened my eyes and saw the damage behind us firsthand. I glanced over to Allison. Her eyes were filled with both horror and disbelief. It was a look I will never forget. There was no denying it now, to her, myself, or anyone else for that matter.
I was definitely not of this world.
Chapter 21
The rest of the trek across the bridge was uneventful. As we neared the other side, two vehicles pulled in next to us, providing an escort the remainder of the way. I tried talking to Allison, but she wasn’t very receptive to conversation. I guess I couldn’t blame her that much. Heck, it was hard even for me to believe the things I’d seen, and I was the one doing them.
We rode for another fifteen minutes or so before reaching an upscale area on the outskirts of the city. As the vehicles escorting us gradually dropped back a ways, it became pretty clear we were now in safe territory. Finally, we came upon a lavish gated community and were promptly let through by the security guard on duty. The estates within were immaculate in both their size and luxurious design. I’d only seen elegant homes of their stature on TV.
We approached the cobblestone driveway of a sprawling estate at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac. The driveway was flanked on either side by a huge white marble statue of a lion with a majestic flowing mane. The garage door opened, and Jason pulled in next to a white Cadillac Escalade, then shut off the engine.
“This is very nice,” Freddy marveled. “Is this how you guys live? Geez, I’d take a piece of this alien livin’ any day.”
“This entire community is filled with Alarian sympathizers. They’ve lived here in anonymity for years,” Robert said as we exited the car. “There are similar communities across the country just like it. Come inside. There are some people you need to meet.”
I tried to talk to Allison one more time, hoping she’d respond, but she wouldn’t so much as look in my direction, staying close to Freddy’s side. We walked through the garage and into a spacious utility room. A delicious aroma met us as we continued on through a long and winding corridor that opened to a well-lit foyer with a beautiful marble staircase. A stylishly dressed elderly gentleman was there to welcome us.
“Robert! Glad you made it safely.”
The two warmly exchanged greetings. The man then turned his attention to Allison and gently shook her hand.
“I’m sure you are rather exhausted and would like to freshen up, my dear. Please show them to the guest quarters, Mildred.”
A frail and rather serious looking butler appeared, seemingly out of nowhere.
“Yes sir,” he replied. “Right this way.” He motioned for us to follow.
“Oh, not you, Mr. Reese,” the elderly gentleman said. “I’d like to speak with you a moment.”
He shook my hand.
“My name is Arthur Pendleton. Welcome to my home.” He studied me for a moment and then smiled. “I know the events of the past twenty-four hours have been trying for you and your friends. I hope we can put to rest any lingering questions you may have. But, before we get into all of that, I’m sure you must be starving, so we’ve prepared quite a delectable meal for you. I do hope you enjoy. Follow me.”
He led me into a spacious kitchen area where a group of people were gathered at the large dining table.
“This is Michael, Nick, and my daughter Kara,” Arthur said introducing me to each one individually. I shook their hands. They were all in their early twenties, just like me. The young woman identified as Kara gave me a cynical sideways look. I wondered what it was all about, but I simply smiled back in response. She was tall with dark blonde hair and had an athletic build. She was also super attractive with the most gorgeous set of lips I’d ever seen, and I had to stop myself from gawking.
“And, last but not least, I don’t think an introduction is necessary for you two.” Arthur gestured to an elderly woman who stood her back to us as she prepared food near the stove. She slowly wiped her hands on the apron around her waist, then turned. I gasped, completely awe struck.
“Well hello again, Mr. Reese,” said Ms. Parkman.
This was quite a shocker. Never in a million years would I have imagined her being here.
“I told you that you have always been watched from afar, Charlie,” Robert said as he entered the kitchen and took a seat at the table.
Well, I guess that explained her unearthly demeanor most of the time. Still, it wasn’t an excuse for giving me insane homework assignments and making my life a living hell.
That was just plain evil.
Chapter 22
Freddy and Allison came downstairs looking refreshed and joined us in the kitchen.
“Please, have a seat and dig in,” said Arthur.
Ms. Parkman had prepared a savory dish of spaghetti with garlic bread and gazpacho soup as an appetizer. I have to admit, it was very delicious, and everyone seemed to really enjoy it. Freddy actually had three helpings after he too got over the shock of seeing Ms. Parkman.
“Walk with me a spell, Charlie,” Arthur said after dinner was over, and everyone else had retired to their respective room. I followed him outside as he gently stuffed tobacco into a small wooden pipe and lit it. We walked over to a beautiful gazebo near the swimming pool.
“Have a seat,” Arthur offered as he took a puff of his pipe. “I know, I know. It’s a nasty habit, but it’s so relaxing. One perk of our race is all the enjoyment of Earth’s delicacies with none of the side effects.”
He smiled and blew a tuft of smoke into the air. He was thin, much thinner than Robert. His hair was jet black and slicked back like a 50’s movie star. His sideburns were long and jutted out to highlight his sharp cheekbones. He also sported a pencil-width mustache that was perfectly boxed and as straight as an arrow.
“How much do you know of your past and why you are here?”
“Only the cliff notes.”
“I see. Well, I will try and clear up any blank spots you might have. You are quite an extraordinary young man, Charlie. And, as difficult as things have been lately, I must admit, they are only going to get more difficult. I won’t lie to you and tell you that things will be alright, that things will all go according to plan; I don’t know for sure that they will. I cannot see into the future, but I do know a few people who can.”
Arthur winked at me and continued to enjoy his pipe. I wondered if he was joking or whether there were actually people out there who could predict the future.
“Each person from our home planet has certain limited abilities, like being able to move small objects or mind reading, but no one of the scale and magnitude that you possess. You will need to learn how to harness and employ that power. I can teach you the basics, but it will be up to you to embrace the power and channel it.”
He looked into the night sky as millions of tiny stars slowly began to litter and illuminate the darkness. There wasn’t a cloud in sight.
“It has been a long day. You will need your rest; tomorrow begins your training. Mildred, please show Mr. Reese to his quarters.”
The butler appeared at Arthur’s side instantly. Puzzled, I looked around to see where he could have possibly come from so unannounced and found no answer.
This was getting downright creepy.
“Right this way, sir,” he said in a raspy voice that suggested he was just getting over a serious cold or a bout with pneumonia.
I followed the decrepit old man back inside and up the stairs. He led me to a spacious room on the third floor and stood next to the doorway with his fingers clasped in front of him.
“I hope you find everything to your liking. There’s spare clothing within the wardrobe that you should find to your liking and toiletries in the bathroom. If you need anything else, please, do not hesitate to ask.”
With that, he closed the door, and I was finally alone. I walked to the wardrobe and opened the doors. It was no wonder I would find everything to my liking, I realized. They were all the actual clothes from my dorm room. I sighed, unsurprised. I mean, how could I be? These guys had been one step ahead the entire time and seemed to know everything about me. I thought about sneaking away in the middle of the night, but then thought the better of it. They’d probably just find me and bring me back. Besides, where would I go? My friends were here, and I couldn’t just leave them. And, I had to admit, I was more than just a little intrigued at what I was ultimately capable of. It was like being handed the keys to a brand new Ferrari.
I took a quick shower, then changed into a pair of athletic shorts and a t-shirt before flopping lazily on the bed. The day’s events filled my thoughts, and I wondered what the next day would bring. Before I knew it, I was fast asleep on top of the down comforter and snoring loudly.
Chapter 23
The next morning, I awoke to a familiar sound.
“Charlie? Are you awake yet?” Freddy whispered.
He plopped down on the bed next to me and almost sent me flying to the floor.
“I am now buddy,” I groaned. Even though I had fallen asleep pretty quickly the night before, it wasn’t a very restful sleep. I had the same dream about the strangely familiar distant land I’d had the night before, and I could hear the same woman’s voice over and over again. It was starting to haunt me.
“Man, this place is sweet! I had a refreshing swim this morning before breakfast. I’ve never done that before. They even have crepes, dude! I mean, you wouldn’t believe the breakfast spread downstairs. There’s fresh fruit, different types of quiche, pancakes, and Mimosa. I even got my own robe with my initials on it. See, check it out.”
He tugged proudly on the pocket of the white robe he was wearing to show me the finely stitched gold lettering.
“I’m not real sure, but we might have just died and gone to heaven.”
“Maybe.”
I rolled over, burying my head in the pillow.
“Up and at ‘em Rip Van Winkle,” Freddy barked. He stood up and yanked the covers from the bed.
“Robert wanted me to wake you. Says you have some training to do this morning.”
I sat up reluctantly and threw my legs over the edge of the bed.
“Speaking of, we haven’t had much of a chance to talk about this situation. Just what the hell is going on?”
Freddy sat down on the bed again and eyed me keenly over the top of his glasses.
“I mean, I saw what you did to that SUV yesterday,” he continued. “Or at least I know what I think I saw. How did you do that? Are you really buying into this alien crap?”
“How else can I explain it? Yesterday I was a normal college student; now I can do all these impossible things with my mind.”
“Yeah, I noticed the whole Matrix thing. That was…interesting. Not to mention it kinda freaked Allison out.”
“I know. How is she by the way? She won’t even talk to me.”
“Oh, she’ll get over it. She’s a woman, and she likes you.”
“You sure about that?” I asked, unsure if I really wanted to hear the answer.
“Hey, this is me you’re talking to, remember?” Freddy grinned from ear to ear. “And the whole chosen one thing? That’s guaranteed to win you huge brownie points.”
“I sincerely doubt it,” I said. “You didn’t see the way she looked at me afterwards.”
“True, but unlike you, I did talk to her. There’s a lot you have to learn about women, my friend.”
“Apparently.”
I hoped Freddy was right, but I wasn’t going to hold out for a miracle. My one chance at the girl of my dreams, and I had probably blown it because I was an alien freak. Which, strangely, didn’t feel much different from the Earth version I was already so accustomed to being.
Chapter 24
“Good morning, Charlie. Can I offer you some breakfast? Perhaps an omelet or an English muffin?” Ms. Parkman asked as I entered the kitchen.
“No thank you,” I responded politely. It was hard to see Ms. Parkman in the kitchen. It was hard to see Ms. Parkman period. She looked as strange to me in front of the stove as she did behind her desk.
“Nonsense,” she said with a defiant wave of her wrinkled hand. “You will need your strength for training today, and my omelets are famous for their nourishment. Ham and cheese alright with you?”
“Yes, ma’am,” I said, realizing that declining was completely out of the question.
“So, how did you sleep last night?”
“Pretty good, considering the circumstances.”
“I completely understand. I am sorry for the deception, especially that you had to find out about me this way. I have kept up with you since you were a little boy. I apologize if I came across as abrasive and tough at times toward you. I just knew the tremendous potential you possess young man, and I didn’t want to see you squander it.
Abrasive and tough? That was the understatement of the year.
The eggs sizzled as they met the hot skillet.
“So,” I asked, “if you’ve been watching me my whole life, how come I’ve never noticed you before?”
She chuckled softly.
“When I set my mind to it, I am pretty adept at not being seen, believe it or not.”
I couldn’t argue with that. I was pretty certain I would have noticed her wrinkled, sour face had I come across it as a child. To think of the nightmares that would have accompanied such an experience.
“I oversaw the adoption to your Earth mother and father. We had to know with complete absolution that you were safe and going to a good family. And, I believe they did an exceptional job in raising you.”
Her frail fingers slowly sprinkled generous helpings of ham and finely shredded cheese on top of the eggs. I grabbed a glass from the table and poured myself some apple juice. No Mimosa for me. I wasn’t much of a drinker, especially at breakfast.
“I watched you go through the typical ups and downs throughout childhood and recently,” Ms. Parkman continued, “it was very difficult for me not to intervene, and I have to admit, you made it necessary on a few occasions.”
“Like what?” I asked.
“Well, like the time you and that ruffian Freddy were caught in the women’s dormitory after curfew. Or, when you two were almost expelled for underage drinking on campus, just to name a couple.”
She shook her head. “How that boy ever made it into college is beyond my understanding.”
“That was you?” I asked, surprised at the revelation.
She nodded, folding the omelet over delicately with a wooden spatula. It smelled delicious.
Freddy and I had constantly marveled at how we survived that one with the school’s strict policy on drinking in the dorms. At the time, I was going through a particularly rough patch, and Freddy had convinced me to join him on an overnight binge. Everything was going fine until we decided to play Guitar Hero at a deafening level after midnight, which attracted the attention of Brian Glockner, our dormitory’s notorious resident assistant. Freddy then decided it was a prime opportunity to give Brian a piece of his mind for the frequent harassment in the past that he felt was unwarranted. The episode ended with the campus police arriving on scene and an eventual trip before the disciplinary review board. That was a particularly fun time. I cringed as I recalled how we had nervously awaited our fate. Apparently, Ms. Parkman was my guardian angel, of sorts.
Now how unpredictable is that?
Ms. Parkman tilted the frying pan, and the omelet slid gently onto a glass plate. She threw a couple of pieces of applewood bacon and buttered wheat toast on it for good measure, then set the medley in front of me. It looked absolutely scrumptious, and as I took my first bite, my taste buds confirmed it. Man, she wasn’t much of a teacher by my standards, but she was definitely one heck of a cook.
Ms. Parkman carefully lowered herself into the seat across from me and grasped my hand softly; the one I wasn’t busy shoveling food with. Boy, this was awkward.
“You have no idea of your true worth, Charles Reese. You are destined to shape the course of this world’s future. Our people have waited patiently for your arrival, and the time has come. We’ve all lost and sacrificed so much. You are the beacon that will guide us. You are the ray of light in the darkness that will illuminate the future. And, what a bright future it is.”
She smiled, and I noticed a slight twinkle in her dark eyes as she squeezed my hand. I felt a strange connection to her, in almost a matriarchal type of way. The one a family turns to in times of need. I realized Ms. Parkman wasn’t so bad after all. And, I instantly felt ashamed for all the negative things I’d thought or said about her. But, the things she’d said to me had added even more weight to my already slumping shoulders. How was I going to live up to such lofty expectations? A whole race was depending on me? What if I failed?
Maybe the training I was about to undergo could foster some much needed confidence; my tank was suddenly running on empty.
Chapter 25
After breakfast, I headed outside to begin my training. I have to admit, I was slightly nervous and had no idea what to expect. Beyond the pool was an area that resembled a professional football field with finely textured Kentucky bluegrass and meticulously painted white lines.
I made my way over to where Robert was busy barking out instructions to Nick, Michael, and Kara. The others I’d met the night before were each performing separate martial arts drills of varying difficulty. It was fascinating to watch.
“So nice of you to finally join us,” Robert remarked dryly.
I started to offer an excuse about being held up at breakfast by Ms. Parkman, but thought the better of it. Would it really make a difference?
“Here,” Robert said, and pointed to a large red vinyl-surfaced rectangle with a round polyethylene base. “Start with this sparring bag. You need to hone your physical skills as well before we concentrate on your mental abilities. Show me your punch.”
“Show you my what?”
“Your punch. Hit the bag.”
Well, this ought to be interesting, I thought.
While I planned my course of attack, I studied the bag for a moment and the best avenue of approach to land a perfectly calculated punch. Not that I had the slightest clue what I was doing.
“Sometime today would be great,” said Robert. The others chuckled under their breath as they continued their own drills.
I threw a half-hearted swing that barely grazed the bag, only slightly causing it to move from its stationary position. Robert came over and stood next to me.
“That was absolutely pathetic,” he said in a nasally voice I hadn’t heard before that told me he wasn’t very pleased. “Watch me.” He demonstrated the proper stance and hand placement before throwing a thunderous punch at the bag that nearly tipped the water-filled base over.
“Now, try again.”
I threw another punch at the bag, this time connecting fully and stinging my wrist a little.
“Much better. Next time, try to open your hand a little just before contact.”
I spent some time throwing punch after punch at the bag. It was actually quite exhilarating, and I seemed to really be getting the hang of it after awhile.
“Watch me very carefully,” Robert said after about an hour, squaring off in front of the sparring bag once more. He bent his knees, and with one fluid motion, spun around and performed a perfect round-house kick.
“Now, you try.”
Was he being serious? Did he actually expect me to do that? I stared at the bag blankly, as if some divine guidance would magically appear and bestow itself upon me. Finding none, I readied myself and assumed the position. I jumped and spun around, too quickly though, as I completely missed the bag and fell painfully to the ground. Painful for my ego that is, hearing the others burst into raucous laughter while I struggled back to my feet.
“Quiet!” Robert shouted. The veins on each side of his temple pulsated. “This is no laughing matter. You two, head to the armory with Jason. We’ll be testing the new shipment of XM8 assault rifles this afternoon, so give him a hand with the ammo and loading the magazines.” Nick and Michael hurried off as directed.
“Kara, come here.”
She threw down the kendo stick she’d been practicing with and jogged over to Robert. Even with her hair pulled up and away from her face, she looked absolutely stunning. A few loose strands clung to her forehead that was lightly drenched in sweat. A thin layer also covered her body and glistened as the sun hit it at just the right angle. Or, maybe it was just the stars I was seeing after hitting the ground so hard.
“Please, show Charlie how to perform a proper kick.”
Kara approached the bag and, with little effort, completed a round-house kick perfectly.
“Figures,” I muttered to myself.
“Size and strength do not matter as much as the execution, Charlie. Now, do it again.”
I performed a variety of kicks, punches, and counterattacks for a few hours. We only stopped briefly for lunch. Then, I was back at it with Robert’s relentless instruction and Kara’s assistance.
Chapter 26
Over the next couple of days, we repeated the same routine, and I gradually got the hang of it. I was actually starting to enjoy myself. I never knew how to protect myself before, though I guess I didn’t have a reason to quite honestly, what with Freddy around. It felt great to know that I could take care of myself now.
My confidence was at an all-time high as I completed a series of punches followed by a near perfect round-house kick. I grinned and unexpectedly locked eyes with Kara for a moment before she looked away awkwardly. I’d gotten to know her quite well during our training together. She was not very open to conversation, but with some persistence on my part, she had eventually opened up. I learned quickly that she was a strong-willed woman with a quick tongue and a very sharp sense of humor. It was a little intimidating, but in an oddly attractive sort of way. The wall she kept around herself so effectively had started to break down the more we talked and got to know each other. And, I could understand why. Being surrounded by guys 24/7 and having to constantly prove you’re every bit as good as they are would definitely create some character flaws. To be honest, she kept my mind off of Allison, who I’d only been able to say a handful of words to since we’d arrived. And, it was strange; Kara was her exact opposite in almost every way. But, how could I be attracted to both of them if they were so different? It was too complicated for my inexperienced love life to handle, so I made a mental note to ask Freddy later.
“I think you’re ready for some live sparring,” Robert said after watching me for a few minutes. “Put these on.”
He tossed me a padded helmet and a soft blue vinyl vest. I fumbled with the straps as I wondered nervously what was next.
“Wait, what do you mean live sparring?” I asked. I figured a proper explanation for what I was about to get myself into was in order. I didn’t know much about boxing or martial arts, but the term ‘live sparring’ sounded extremely unpleasant and not something I wanted to be a part of.
“You have excelled in everything I have instructed you on so far. Now, you need live sparring to develop the reflexes and timing that will be essential during the chaos of real combat. The goal is to gain that experience while also perfecting your technique. Kara is one of the best. Don’t worry; I won’t let her hurt you.”
That made me feel so much better.
Kara stepped in front of me and assumed a ready stance. She had a blank expression on her face, and whatever fleeting moment we’d shared previously was long gone. Before I even knew what happened, she threw two lightning quick strikes to my temple which I was too slow to block. Dazed, I staggered back a few paces.
She shifted her weight from one foot to the other, and feigning a kick with her left foot, she struck me hard in my rib cage with the right. I doubled over in pain, struggling to draw a breath. Once recovered, I slowly raised my hands in front of me. This was much different than hitting a stuffed bag.
And a lot more painful.
“You need to understand that fear is normal, Charlie,” Robert said, watching us from a short distance away. “Use it to your advantage; let it motivate you. Don’t let it stand in your way.”
I tried focusing on his words as I blocked an incoming barrage of punches, but it was a little difficult considering the beating I was taking. Kara was absolutely relentless, circling after each attack like a predator before advancing to deliver another sequence of blows.
She swayed back and forth as if her nimble body was a young sapling in the wind. Then, a bizarre thing happened. As I watched her, she appeared to move slower and slower until she was barely moving at all. I maintained my defensive stance and waited for her to attack once more.
She threw a combination of punches, and I dodged each one successfully. Then I connected with a solid blow of my own to her right temple. Kara quickly recovered and countered with a high kick to the head, which I ducked underneath, dropped to the ground, and executed a perfectly-timed leg sweep that caught her off balance, sending her flying through the air. In an instant, I was behind her, catching her in my arms before she could even hit the ground. She stared at me with a look of total disbelief. I’d definitely seen that look before.
“Bravo! Well done, Charlie!” Robert exclaimed as he clapped his hands repeatedly. “I knew you could do it!”
Kara was still in my arms, her pale gray eyes locked onto mine. But, the amazement and disbelief had disappeared, and was replaced by something else. Something completely unexpected that made my insides feel like Jell-O pudding. A feeling I’d only ever experienced with one other person.
Chapter 27
Training the following day was much different. In fact, I had been looking forward to this part for quite a while. Arthur was to be our instructor for this critical phase.
“Today, we will focus on your other skills,” he said softly.
“Finally!” Nick shouted with enthusiasm. “That’s what I’m talking about.”
“Each of you have only recently Ascended, so learning to control your unique abilities is paramount,” Arthur continued. “As you have probably experienced already, turning them on and off is not as easy as it sounds. I want each of you to perform a brief demonstration of your abilities so that the others here will know and appreciate your particular skill set. You were all carefully selected for that particular reason. Together, you will hopefully form our greatest weapon against the Chirac. Michael, you first.”
Michael stepped forward, his shoulders heaving up and down with each drawn breath in excited anticipation. He was about my height with higher than average looks I’d say. Lustrous chestnut-brown hair flowed to just below his collar. He scrunched his brow and focused his attention on a lone haystack in the distance.
“Concentrate. Visualize what you desire to happen; let the power flow through you,” Arthur said, barely above a whisper. He sounded like a bizarre cross between Yoda and an overzealous golf announcer.
Michael stood tall with a look of determination in his eyes. I hoped I could summon that sort of fortitude when my turn came around.
All of a sudden, his hands just sort of ignited in blue-white flame, and he hurled a blast of burning hot fire into the haystack about twenty yards away, engulfing it instantly in flames. Mildred the butler appeared, unannounced as usual. This time he held a fire extinguisher in his hands and calmly doused the fire.
“That was very good, Michael,” Arthur said. “You showed great poise and control. We will work on your targeting and accuracy a bit more later on.”
I slapped him on the shoulder and congratulated him as he walked over and stood next to me.
“Nick, you’re up.”
“Showtime,” Nick said. He stood calmly with his arms folded across his chest. I felt a swift gust of wind blow through the area where Michael, Kara, and I stood watching him. Either his unique ability had something to do with the weather, or it was going to be a very breezy day.
“Did you guys see that?” Nick asked with a wicked smirk glued to his face.
“See what?” I asked a bit confused.
Nick just stood there with his chest pumped out like a proud peacock, grinning from ear to ear. He really had some great looking teeth, I thought as I ran my tongue across my own less than stellar set. He was tall and quite the physical specimen, with arms that could possibly wrap the entire circumference of a full grown elm tree. He had a head of wavy blond hair that framed his handsome face. He looked like he could be a professional wrestler. And not the flabby, slow-moving guys from the 70s and early 80s, but the god-like wrestlers of today. I was no female, but even I had to marvel at his physique. There was no doubting he knew just how attractive and handsome he was; he possessed the usual arrogance and brashness of a mindless hunk I was all too familiar with in my dealings with Matt Mitchell. Now, there was a guy I’d love to hogtie to a bale of hay and have Michael go to town on.
The roast of Matt Mitchell.
It had a nice ring to it.
“I only ran around you guys like seven times,” Nick replied, then laughed.
“That’s impossible,” I countered. “I never once saw you move.”
I looked to the others for support, but they declined to offer any, only smiling amongst themselves. Michael looked as though he might burst at the seams any moment from laughter. I guess the joke was on me.
“Then how do you explain this?” Nick asked, holding up a wallet that looked strikingly similar to my own. I instinctively reached for my back pocket, but it was empty.
“How did you do that,” I asked, dumbfounded.
“Easy,” Nick said. “Just like this.”
I felt another gust of wind.
“Now check your pocket again.”
I reached for my wallet again and felt its familiar shape against my backside. He’d replaced it in the very same manner in which it was removed.
While I was looking right at him.
Chapter 28
“That’s pretty impressive,” I said. “So, what was that, some sort of teleportation?
“No, I can just run really fast,” Nick said. “Like really fast.”
“So I see,” I remarked, patting my back pocket for emphasis.
“Very nicely done, Nick,” said Arthur. “However, it appears we need to work on curbing your ego instead of working on your skills.”
“I don’t think I have an ego problem at all,” Nick said defensively.
“My point exactly. Each and every one of you has an ability that is spectacular in itself, but you will not succeed on your own. You will have to learn to rely on each other at all times. There is no room here for a cavalier attitude,” Arthur said, glaring at Nick. “Offhand, arrogant behavior is neither beneficial nor welcome in this house.”
Nick said nothing in response, but I could tell he was fuming.
“Now, where were we?” Arthur said, changing the subject. “Kara, my dear. I do believe you are up.”
After everything else I’d seen, I wondered what cool ability she might possess. It was like watching Saturday morning cartoons. Then, the weirdest thing happened. I heard a voice answer the very same question I’d just posed to myself.
Why don’t you just ask me?
Words fail to describe the shock and bewilderment I experienced at that particular moment. The voice was very familiar, I realized. I looked around me and finally over to Kara, who gave me a warm, innocent smile. I didn’t know exactly how it happened or how it worked, but what the heck? I decided to give it a try.
How did you do that?
I’m a telepath.
A what?
A person who can communicate with others through the mind. And, apparently you are too because you are only the second person besides my late mother that has been able to hear me.
“Kara?” asked Arthur, looking at his daughter with concern. “Are you OK?”
She ignored him and continued our internal conversation.
Watch this.
Michael’s hands began to ignite again, much to his apparent surprise.
“Hey, what’s going on,” he asked with a look of absolute terror. He turned toward Nick with rather jerky and uncoordinated movements, almost as though he had no control of his body. Then, noticing the devilish smile spread across Kara’ face, I realized that he wasn’t. She had pulled his strings like a skilled ventriloquist, forcing him to fling the ball of fire at Nick.
“Hey man, what’s your problem?” Nick asked, more than a little perturbed and using his super speed to veer away from the path of the fire ball.
Kara giggled, and we made eye contact. I could feel my cheeks flush.
That was awesome!
Thank you, Charlie.
“What just happened?” Nick asked, seething at Michael with his fists clenched.
“That was my daughter Kara in a rather childish display of her own abilities,” Arthur said. His eyes filled with a mixture of scorn and disappointment.
“What do you mean?” Michael asked. He was a bit irritated himself as he eyed Nick cautiously. And he had every right to, seeing how he was basically just possessed and all.
“Kara has the ability to manipulate other’s thoughts and actions mentally. It is a very dangerous ability and not one to be taken lightly,” Arthur responded sharply. It was obvious he was more than just a little upset at his daughter.
I felt overwhelming guilt and sorrow rush over me like cold waves from the ocean, then realized the feelings were not my own. Whatever had allowed me to hear Kara’s thoughts had also allowed me to sense her feelings. It was as though we were connected somehow.
She looked at me abruptly with a blank stare as she must have either heard my thoughts or come to the same realization herself. I tried not to think of anything else. I didn’t want my thoughts to be an open book to anyone, regardless of how drop-dead gorgeous they were.
“Stay out of my head, and we won’t have any problems,” Nick warned.
“Not much up there anyways, believe me,” Kara said in return.
“Yeah, that’s not cool K,” added Michael.
“I’m sorry, but how else was I supposed to show you whiners what I could do? Just be glad I didn’t make you do something to really embarrass yourself.”
“That’s enough, Kara,” Arthur scolded. “We will talk about this later. You four are supposed to be a team, and so far, I’m not getting that warm and fuzzy feeling like you really want to be here. That’s OK. It’s only the lives of about 8 billion humans and the lives of our own remaining race that hang in the balance. But, you guys go ahead and bicker. It’s not that important, right?”
There was a powerful silence while his words resonated among us. Words that couldn’t have been spoken more eloquently.
Chapter 29
“Charlie, step forward.”
I moved toward Arthur as instructed. I was a complete ball of nerves now. I tried to take deep breaths and calm myself to no avail.
“I don’t really know what I can do,” I said, embarrassed.
“Oh, there is no reason to be timid, Charlie. It is perfectly understandable in your case,” Arthur reassured me.
“Let’s think back. What was the first thing out of the ordinary that you remember?”
I thought back to Ms. Parkman’s lab report that I’d completed in record time. I had to admit it was more than just a little out of the ordinary. So, I mentioned the incident to Arthur.
“Interesting. So, your cognitive skills are off the chart. You have the ability to process massive amounts of information in a relatively short period of time. What else?”
“I dismantled a gun with my mind and destroyed a vehicle just by thinking about it,” I said with more authority. I was actually proud of that.
“Really?” Nick asked. “That’s awesome dude! I bet you’re real handy in a bar fight.”
“So, you have the gift of telekinesis, though on a much larger scale than I have ever witnessed, save one other,” Arthur mused. I wondered who the ‘one other’ could be as his gaze drifted off in thought.
“So, is there anything else?” he asked, finally.
“That’s it. That’s all I’ve experienced so far.”
“I don’t think you are being very forthcoming with us, Charlie. I saw what you did yesterday. You knew exactly what move Kara was going to make even before she did. Then, you planned your moves accordingly, did you not?”
He was right, but I didn’t want Kara to find out that I’d used my abilities to overcome her. I wanted her to believe I was capable of doing it on my own, without a competitive edge.
It’s OK, Charlie. I’ll get you next time.
I glanced over at Kara, and she winked, her lips curved upwards slightly in a roguish smile.
“It is an extrasensory perception called precognition. Some refer to it as future sight or second sight. It allows you to see things others cannot. You can use this ability at will and accelerate your movements, similar to Nick, along the path of causality in order to ensure a positive outcome for yourself. This ability alone makes you virtually unstoppable, not to mention your other gifts. Still, there are things you are capable of that you haven’t even discovered yet. And that makes you a very special person.”
“Did you understand anything he just said?” Nick whispered. Michael rolled his eyes and sighed. It was difficult to tell when Nick was being serious and when he was just being a complete and total douche bag.
“But, as with any ability, you have to be prepared at all times,” said Arthur. He pulled a gun from the small of his back and aimed it directly at my head.
Here we go again, I thought.
While my mind instantly became aware of everything around me, I felt the tingling sensation I was starting to grow accustomed to.
Every item.
Every minute detail.
I focused on the gun. I could practically feel the trigger as Arthur squeezed it to the rear, and the hammer began to fall.
I moved to my left slightly, just before the first shot whizzed by. To the left next while another shot sliced the air, barely missing my right shoulder. Inches from Arthur now, I honed in on the weapon itself and simply took it from his grasp with my mind. It floated harmlessly in the air before dropping into my outstretched hand.
“That has got to be the coolest thing I have ever seen!” Nick exclaimed.
“That was very impressive,” said Arthur, smiling as I handed the gun back to him.
“How did you know? What if you were wrong?” I asked. Coming back down from the adrenaline rush I took stock of what had just happened.
He shot at me!
“I took a chance,” said Arthur calmly. “Everything has been as predicted. You keep looking for evidence that will confirm your doubts that this is all unreal -- a dream. That you are not who we all think you are instead of just accepting your fate.”
“But, what if I don’t want to be a part of this so-called fate?”
I hated the way everyone wanted to make it appear as if I was the one who would make or break this upcoming war. Like I was the missing piece to the puzzle that would bring a swift and decisive end to a struggle I still didn’t quite understand. I didn’t ask for any of this, nor did I want it. OK, so maybe I wanted the superpowers. They were actually kind of cool. But, not the unrealistic expectations.
Arthur placed the gun on safe and replied in words I will not soon forget.
“Then, we are all doomed. It’s as simple as that.”
Chapter 30
After dinner that evening, I decided to go for a swim. My muscles and joints were killing me from the training, and I figured I could benefit from some time in the hot tub as well. Freddy joined me, and we headed to the pool. My abductors had been thoughtful enough to grab the swim trunks from my dorm room as well, so that was a plus. It was cool out and not your typical swimming weather, but thankfully, the pool was heated.
“So how is your training going?”
“Good I guess. Still trying to get used to all this you know.”
“Dude, I don’t think I’ll ever get used to the idea of you being from outer space. But I will say that if I were you, I would be enjoying every minute of this place instead of walking around with that sour face of yours. What gives?”
I should have known I couldn’t hide anything from Freddy, so I told him about Kara, our connection to each other, and, oh yeah, getting shot at.
Again.
“Wait, so I understand you got shot at, but you have abilities most people only read about in comic books, and you dodged the bullets. Get over it! What we really need to talk about here is the fact that you not only have one, but two hot chicks digging you now? Hell, I’m actually starting to buy into this chosen one thing myself. That’s insane!”
He brought his palms together sarcastically in a praying manner.
“And now the student has become the master. There is nothing left for me to teach you.”
“Shut up,” I said, laughing.
“But seriously, that’s crazy. Just be careful, Charlie. Getting involved with two women is a fine line, and one I would gladly walk. But, it can be hazardous to your health. Especially if one of them is an alien. I’m not even sure how to comment on that one.”
As we approached the pool, I noticed we wouldn’t be swimming alone. Relaxing on a wicker lounge by the water’s edge was Allison in a very sultry white two-piece swimsuit. I had to pause a moment and pick my jaw up off the floor. Freddy jabbed me sharply in the side and mouthed something I wouldn’t dare repeat.
“Um, I just realized I need to go call my mom. You know how she likes me to call before the evening news comes on, or she gets really upset. I’ll be back in a few.”
Very Smooth.
So, it was just me and Allison alone, again. She was sporting a pair of Gucci sunglasses, and her hair was pulled back tightly in a ponytail.
“Hi Allison,” I said and took a seat next to her.
She tilted her head towards me, and I half expected her to ignore me, but she didn’t. She smiled and her face lit up. Whew! Thank God for that. I could breathe a little easier now.
“Hey you! How have you been? We haven’t seen much of each other lately.”
My sentiments exactly.
“I’ve been OK. How you holding up?”
“I’m doing fine. The people here have been great, and I’ve really gotten a chance to see a different side of Ms. Parkman. That woman is a riot once you get to know her.”
I took a deep breath and decided it was time to address the elephant in the room.
“So, I know this has all been a little difficult to accept. And I am sorry for pulling you into it.”
She placed a hand gently on my knee, and I think my heart skipped a beat.
“You don’t have to apologize to me, Charlie,” she said softly as she removed her glasses. I quickly lost myself in her beautiful eyes. “I admit I was a little freaked out at first. It was hard to grasp. A guy I’ve known almost my entire life is not who I thought he was? That was a tough pill to swallow. This whole alien business is a little unsettling, but I understand. I was skeptical initially, but after I saw what you did to that car, there’s no doubt in my mind you are special. I’m just thankful that we are OK. You did actually save my life, you know.”
She smiled once more. A heartwarming smile reminiscent of Jessica Alba, my favorite actress and the ultimate hottie, so that’s saying something.
I hadn’t realized until then how much I’d missed Allison. It was great to finally have a conversation with her again. I felt like I was in a trance or dream state watching her lips move when she talked. I’d often fantasized about kissing her, and this day out by the pool was no different.
Chapter 31
“You OK, Charlie?”
“Oh, um…yes,” I said, realizing I had been staring at her without speaking for several moments.
She grinned and replaced her sunglasses. I remembered Freddy’ warning about being caught between two women and realized he couldn’t have been more wrong. I had just met Kara. And sure, there was an indescribable chemistry, but nothing like what I shared with Allison. With her, it was different. I felt completely vulnerable to her every spoken word or casual glance in my direction. Guess I was just a real sucker for love.
“So how does all this talk of saving the world make you feel?”
I sighed. With that question, I could feel the weight of the world bearing down on me again.
“I don’t know. I mean, I accept what and who I am now. It was quite a shock initially, coming to terms with my origins and all, but I have, finally…I think. The most difficult thing to accept is their misguided faith in me. How do I live up to such lofty expectations?”
Allison sat up and swung her legs over the side of the chair, leaning in close so that her face was surprisingly close to mine. I’d never been so close to her and figured I would need the use of a defibrillator unit to jump-start my ticker again if it didn’t slow down soon. It felt as though it might eventually bore a hole straight through my chest cavity and literally surrender to Allison right there in the flesh.
Hi, I’m Charlie’s heart, and I am forever yours to love and cherish.
“You are the most strong-willed and determined person I know,” she said gently. “You’re smart, funny, and a great friend. Your only problem is that you can’t recognize the positive qualities in yourself. Those qualities that draw other people to you and want to be around you, for your wonderful company as well as undying support. People like Freddy. People like me.”
There was a long pause, and all I could hear was the soothing sound of water cascading from the beautiful fountain inlet as it flowed into the warm pool. But this time, there was no awkwardness, no timidity on my part. I stared deep into her brown eyes as she returned my wanton gaze. I knew at that exact moment in time I wanted nothing more than to be with her.
I leaned in close and felt her warm breath on my face. It felt so intoxicating. She edged closer and our lips were mere inches apart.
So this is how it feels to love someone. I could get used to this, I thought.
I closed my eyes and decided to bridge the gap, to go for it. All the years of waiting had finally led to this moment.
Here goes nothing.
“Mr. Reese, I am terribly sorry to disturb you sir, but your presence is requested straight away.”
Startled, I opened my eyes and looked around menacingly for the source of the ill-timed interruption.
It was Mildred, the ever-present butler.
I winced.
“Tell them I will be there shortly,” I said, openly agitated.
“Yes sir,” said Mildred. He bowed and turned to leave.
“I’m so sorry, but I have to go.” I looked at Allison apologetically, but she simply responded with her usual smile.
“Go. I understand. I’ll be here when you get back, and we can pick up our conversation where we left off.” She winked and planted a soft wet kiss on my cheek just before I stood to leave.
Life was definitely good.
Chapter 32
I walked back inside with my head held high and my confidence somewhere nearing the stratosphere.
Something was different.
I had finally gotten intimate with the girl of my dreams! Well, sort of. I’d delivered on a perfectly executed bunt and made it safely into first base. At least it wasn’t a sacrifice fly.
Mildred met me near the foyer and led me down a long and winding hallway to a part of the mansion I’d never seen before. The décor became less extravagant and aesthetically pleasing, then completely nonexistent. Only mundane bare walls of a grayish color remained. Most of the dull-painted white doors in this part of the mansion were closed as we continued on, and I wondered where he was taking me.
We finally approached an isolated room near the dark end of the corridor with a huge metal door. I thought it was a bit odd, but then again, so was a guy who could dodge bullets, right? Mildred grasped the doorknob with a bony hand and twisted, slowly leading the way into the room. With his slumped shoulders and overall creepy vibe, he reminded me of Mr. Burns from The Simpsons show.
I was not prepared for what awaited me on the other side of that door. I was amazed by the vast technology. State of the art computers and monitors filled the room, each animated with a different type of data or video feed. Some were images of the estate grounds as far as I could tell, but others were of locations unknown to me. Several people moved busily from one terminal to the next, conversing quietly over sheets of data. They paused briefly upon our entrance, but quickly returned to work. It’s what I’d imagine the situation room at the CIA or Homeland Security would look like. And, I guess it was Homeland Security for us, unconventionally speaking.
Across the spacious room was a large glass-topped conference table. Suspended above was a type of new-age computer screen, except for the implausible fact that nothing was physically there. It was some sort of holographic projection. Michael, Nick, and Kara were already present and seated comfortably around the table. Arthur, Jason, and Robert were there as well, along with two other men I’d never seen before.
“Have a seat, Charlie,” Arthur said, chomping on his pipe. He had a grave look of concern on his usually jovial face. I walked around the table and plopped down in the leather chair next to Nick.
“We’ve just received valuable intelligence that the Chirac are moving on a little known facility thirty miles east of here. Although this particular facility is heavily guarded, they will have no trouble overrunning security,” said Arthur, looking keenly from one person to the next.
“What’s so special about this facility,” Jason asked.
“It’s a DOE facility that safeguards an item known as plutonium-238. It is the only element in this solar system that can be substituted for faladium, a powerful element from our home planet of Etheus.”
Arthur pressed a button on the odd-looking triangular remote in front of him. A large image of an imposing metallic device materialized above us. It was mind-boggling how realistic the image appeared.
“This is why it is so important. We have credible evidence that the Chirac are constructing a replica of the device that destroyed Etheus. This device is called the Orion device. If allowed to succeed, the same will happen to this planet. I think I speak for everyone at this table when I say we do not want that to occur. Plutonium-238 is the only component they require that is not already in their possession. We need to stop them. The war to save this planet begins tonight.”
“Well, what are we waiting for?” asked Nick in his usual brash and arrogant manner.
My ears were ringing, and I could feel my pulse steadily quicken. I knew why I was there and what we had to do, but I wasn’t expecting things to happen so soon. I wondered if the others felt the same way. Probably not. Especially Nick. The guy was a bona fide glory hound and thrill seeker who would most likely get us all killed. My gut did somersaults at the thought. I tried to remain stone-faced to mask the fact that I was scared to death.
It’s ok. If it makes you feel better, I’m scared too.
In the midst of all my inner turmoil, I’d forgotten about the newly discovered bond I shared with Kara. She must have sensed my anxiety.
I guess I just don’t feel like I’m ready for this.
You’re ready. If I had any doubts about you before, they were washed away by what you did today. I’ve never seen anything like it.
Well, I hope I’m ready enough to stay alive and keep you safe.
I didn’t even know where that came from. It was like my brain was on autopilot, and I’d fallen asleep at the wheel. Keep her safe?
Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine. Just focus on what you need to do.
“We’ll be entering the facility in two teams. One through the main entrance; the other through the west entrance,” said Robert. “As you can probably guess, one team will serve as a diversion for the other. It’s imperative we maintain the element of surprise. I’ll be leading the main team along with Charlie. The rest of you will be under Jason’s command. Any questions?”
Everyone was silent.
“Then let’s get ready. We leave in twenty minutes.”
Chapter 33
Just as the sun disappeared over the horizon, we loaded up two vans and departed the mansion. Dark menacing clouds had begun to roll in and hid the stars from view. I didn’t get the opportunity to talk to Allison again before I left, which was a real bummer. I felt like I’d made a real breakthrough in my quest for manhood. I mean, my first real kiss with a girl. Well, even if it was just a peck on the cheek, it still counted in my book. And with that book having a lot of blank pages, everything counts.
I shifted in the passenger seat and looked around at the others. The ever-resigned Robert drove the van. He seemed preoccupied by his own thoughts while he focused on the tail lights of the van in front of us. The other two guys had introduced themselves earlier as simply Carter and Price. They had the feel of ex-military to me and pretty much kept to themselves, constantly rechecking their weapons and ammo, which I thought odd and just a little intimidating. Carter had a ghastly scar that ran the length of his left cheek. Price was taller and had a face like a mackerel with a pointy nose and eyes that bulged out of his head awkwardly. He also seemed to be in a bad mood most of the time. Or, maybe it was simply because of the unfortunate way he looked. I hadn’t realized that humans were aware of our struggle and amongst the ranks. I wondered how many of them there were.
“Are you ready?” Robert asked quietly.
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” I replied.
“I know this is your first real test against the Chirac. Don’t worry, you will do just fine. I won’t lie; it will probably get a little hairy in there. That’s to be expected. If things get out of hand and take a turn for the worst, I want you to promise me something.”
Robert paused a moment.
“What’s that?”
“I want you to promise me that you will run.”
Was he serious? Now, why would he ask me to run? I hoped it wouldn’t come down to me having to hightail it out of there.
“You are too valuable to our cause to be captured by Vicktor. He is extremely capable and will stop at nothing to achieve his agenda. You are not quite ready to face him, so if the situation presents itself, you run. Promise me,” Robert said sternly.
“I promise.”
Rain started to fall, not a heavy downpour, but steady enough that Robert had to switch on the windshield wipers.
“Remember what I told you, back at the warehouse?”
I nodded, watching the wipers move back and forth.
“Aside from you, Vicktor is the most powerful being I’ve ever encountered. But, unlike you, he’s had considerable time to master his abilities through the years. You have only scratched the surface of your potential.”
There it was again. Like Arthur, he believed there were other things I could do. That was unexpected considering all the cool things I could already do. Hopefully, I would live through the night to experience them.
“What else can I do?” I finally asked, anxious to hear the answer. I was hoping for something really cool. Something that could make me into an irresistible lady’s man or insanely rich and famous. Now that would be cool, but highly doubtful.
“You will find out in due time, possibly when you least expect it,” Robert said bluntly. Well, he was a real buzz kill. I pondered if he had a life outside of all this, or if he was sour and serious the majority of the time. I could only imagine him on a date. And how was I supposed to practice and perfect my skills if I didn’t know what they were? At this rate, I would never be ready to face Vicktor.
Chapter 34
The two vans eventually pulled off the main road, taking a bumpy and heavily vegetated dirt road for a couple miles before coming to a halt at the edge of a cliff. The rain had finally stopped. We all filed out and approached the edge. I noticed the cliff actually overlooked the DOE facility, tucked quietly in the middle of the sleepy valley below.
Robert gripped the night vision goggles slung loosely around his neck and took a look.
“Seems quiet from here, but there’s no way to know for sure,” he said. “We need to get a closer look. Nick, you up for the job?”
“Do you even have to ask? I’m your man sir,” he replied.
“I just need you to do a check of the exterior and see if you notice anything suspicious. Don’t get cute. A quick look, then report back to me,” Robert said. He spoke in a commanding tone to emphasize his point. I wondered if Nick even noticed. He was so self-absorbed, I wondered if he ever noticed anything outside of his own little world.
“Quick is my specialty,” he said and was off in a flash, running back down the road we’d come with lightning speed. It was almost impossible to keep track of Nick, but I decided to try anyway. I asked Robert to borrow the night vision goggles and gazed on the facility below, squinting hard so I could see clearer. Not that it actually worked.
Peering through the goggles, I could see the towering perimeter fence lined with razor sharp concertina wire intertwined menacingly along the top. Like a giant snake protecting its den, the wire ran the entire distance around the facility. I noticed two parked military vehicles within the perimeter fence, but I couldn’t see anyone inside. At that very moment, I spotted Nick while he zipped from one spot along the fence line to the next, pausing briefly ever so often. It was similar to watching a hummingbird move rapidly from plant to plant in search of sweet nectar. Somehow, I didn’t think he’d take too kindly to being compared to one. It wasn’t manly enough. Then, before I even noticed, he was back and leaning on the hood of the van with what was fast becoming a very annoying grin.
“Piece of cake,” he said. He hadn’t even broken a sweat, nor was he breathing hard. “The armored patrol vehicles are intact but there was no sign of anyone outside. From what I could tell, the guards inside the facility are also nowhere to be found. There is a security guard at the entry control point, so you guys will have to find a way around him.” He was sure to note that he didn’t particularly need any assistance getting by the guard.
“I’ll take care of it,” offered Kara.
Robert thought about it a moment, then nodded in agreement. “Yes, that will probably be the most efficient way to deal with him.”
“All these fancy powers and yet, nothing beats a little technology,” dog-faced Price grumbled. He dropped to a knee and removed the tactical pack strapped to his back. I had to admit, these soldier-of-fortune guys were kind of scary, but I was more than thrilled they were with us. Price opened the pack and removed what resembled a black handheld cannon. It was similar to a compact potato gun or one of the fancy things that shoot t-shirts into the crowd at sporting events. Not that I’d ever been lucky enough to snag one. Freddy had however, during a Detroit Pistons basketball game.
Twice.
Lucky him.
Price placed a metal-encased projectile into the cylindrical opening of the cannon, aimed it high into the sky, and pulled the trigger. What happened afterwards was nothing short of amazing. The projectile disappeared into the night sky, only to be replaced by a large, translucent spider web-like matrix that formed and settled above the facility. From the ground, it would go unnoticed unless you knew to look for it. Price opened a small electronic device with a sleekly designed LED screen. We all huddled around him like eager judges at a high school science fair. The matrix had gone completely invisible to the naked eye, but it could be seen on the screen and gradually became a three dimensional replica of the DOE facility. Only the walls were now transparent, so we could see what was going on inside.
“The red dots indicate how many bodies are in the facility,” said Price. “Seems there’s a huge cluster of hostiles on the first level. There’s only a couple on the second and third level.”
“The third is where Charlie and I need to go,” said Robert. “Everyone knows what they need to do. Be ready for anything. Let’s go.”
“Show off,” mumbled Nick as he walked away, just beyond Price’s earshot. He was actually jealous that Price’s little gizmo had stolen a piece of the spotlight from him. How conceited could one guy be?
Chapter 35
We followed a soft trail through dense underbrush that took us steadily away from the cliff’s edge. The going was a bit treacherous; the earlier rain had caused the ground’s surface to become an insufferable slippery and muddy mess. And though the rain had stopped, the remaining cloud cover prevented the moon from illuminating our way. We couldn’t use flashlights either for fear of being spotted, so movement was slow.
We finally emerged from the winding trail about a hundred yards from the main entry control point. I could see the security guard easily through the gate shack’s window. He was enjoying a huge bag of potato chips and focused on the portable TV in front of him, its bluish light dancing and splashing upon his face as if it were a kid experiencing his first rain puddle. Every now and again, he’d open his mouth to interact with the TV or toss his head back to laugh, and pieces of partially chewed food would spew from his lips while he simultaneously shoveled more chips in to replace them with his sausage-like fingers. It was truly pathetic to watch. I wondered if he was issued a sidearm. Because if it ever came down to a foot race between this hero and a bad guy, law enforcement would surely take it on the chin that day.
Kara stepped forward and clenched her fists so tightly that her knuckles turned white. After about twenty seconds, the gate began to slide open. The security guard quickly gathered his belongings and tore off down the road in the opposite direction of the facility as if his pants were on fire.
“What the hell did you do to him?” asked Michael. He stared after the pudgy guard, watching as he wobbled down the road as fast as he could.
Kara smiled.
“I just told him to open the gate. Oh yeah, and that this job wasn’t suited for him. What he really wanted to do was be a professional bullfighter in Mexico. And if he hurried, he could catch the red eye flight to Tijuana.”
We all laughed at her ingenuity; all except Robert of course.
“Do you think this is a game? You four have some serious growing up to do.”
“What did I do?” asked Nick, looking from one person to the next with an overly exaggerated look of surprise.
I assumed Robert meant those of us with the really cool abilities that we were just learning to experience and control. How dare we have a little fun?
Kara looked back at me and smiled, her long dark ponytail bouncing from one shoulder to the other behind her.
My thoughts exactly.
No, actually they were my thoughts, my own personal thoughts. This telepathy thing was becoming a bit of a nuisance. It was definitely the one thing I needed to control in order to maintain any sense of privacy in the presence of Kara. It seemed to be happening at the most inopportune times. Then I had a disturbing thought. What if she could hear me all the time? What if it wasn’t something that I could control? Having my thoughts open and available like the public library was not a pleasant prospect. How useful is it really to be able to hear someone else’s thoughts on a regular basis? Besides, the more it happened, the more I felt an overwhelming connection to her that I couldn’t shake.
“Testing…testing one, two,” Robert said faintly above a whisper into his wristwatch.
“Communications are a go,” confirmed Jason, speaking into his wristwatch as well.
I definitely had to get me and Freddy a set of those.
“Alright, it’s time. You guys know what to do,” said Robert. “Hit them hard and fast while we slip in through the west entrance, hopefully undetected. I want to see each and every one of you back here in one piece.”
I could feel the sincerity and passion in his words, like a high school football coach before the first game of the season.
And what a game it was going to be.
Chapter 36
We split into two groups: me with Robert, Price, and Carter; Nick, Michael, and Kara broke off with Jason. I was a little worried about how things would go considering we had just started our training. Call it pre-game jitters. We were young adults drawn into an intergalactic struggle that none of us were really ready for.
Jason and his team moved into position at the front entrance of the facility. Calm and collective, Michael stepped in front of the others, and his hands instantly burst into flames. He drew back and heaved a giant fireball, blasting the doors from their hinges.
“Come on,” said Robert. “That’s our cue.” He led us to the west entrance. I heard one thunderous explosion after another mixed with gunfire as we entered and moved silently toward the stairwell. Carter and Price then took the lead. I realized quickly what their purpose was on this particular mission. To see us safely to the third level and secure the plutonium by all means.
I wondered how the others were faring. I tried to reach out to Kara telepathically, but sensed nothing. Of course it wouldn’t work when I actually wanted it to.
Bullets suddenly pierced the wall close to my head and nearly frightened me out of my socks. We were being attacked from behind.
“It’s an ambush!” yelled Robert. “Follow me!”
He yanked the door open in front of him and rushed inside. We hadn’t made it to the third floor, but staying in the open stairwell and being picked off like fish in a barrel wasn’t the best option. I couldn’t see how many assailants were hot on our heels, but I definitely wasn’t sticking around to find out. I ducked down and slipped into the doorway after Robert, only to find things weren’t so receptive there either. At least half a dozen heavily armed Chirac had the hallway effectively sealed off from the other end and showered bullets in our direction, effectively pinning us down in an empty office Robert had managed to pry open. Carter and Price were still in the stairwell. We were all essentially trapped. And, to make matters worse, I heard an eerily familiar humming sound.
Scanners.
Could this mission get any worse?
I took a deep breath. This was what I was here to do. I alone had the ability to get us out of this situation. The others were depending on me, and I couldn’t let them down.
I peeked around the doorframe and saw the Scanners, three of them this time, floating toward us. I knew exactly what I needed to do. Focusing on the two nearest me, I forced them to turn and fire on each other, destroying them both. The remaining Scanner I had other plans for.
I made the sphere rotate and open fire on the armed men who had us pinned down. The Scanner took them out in less than a minute.
“Let’s move.”
“What about the others?”
“Don’t worry about them,” Robert said forcibly. “They will be fine. They knew the risk when they accepted the mission. Stay on task.”
We made our way cautiously down the hall. It resembled Baghdad with all the bullet holes, fallen plaster, and dust. Most of the overhead lighting had been destroyed. I heard and felt the crunch of soft broken glass under my feet. Only one fluorescent light remained intact, and it flickered sporadically, casting its pale luminosity about the hallway. It was only fitting I guess, considering the situation. I’ve been in haunted houses less ominous than our current surroundings.
We rounded the corner at the end of the hallway and entered a more serene area of the facility. And just as I thought the nightmare could quite possibly be nearing its end, I was sadly mistaken. I couldn’t have been more wrong. A terrifying blast blew through the wall between Robert and me. With incredible force, I was knocked backward and into the opposite wall.
Chapter 37
I looked over and saw Robert pinned underneath some rubble. I could see a trail of dark blood running down the side of his face. But, he was breathing, and that was the most important thing.
Disoriented and still reeling from the blast myself, I noticed a shadowy figure walking toward me. As he drew closer, I realized he was a thin and lanky guy with spiked hair dyed a flashy blue color, a nose like a bird’s beak. Behind him flapped the sides of the ankle length leather-pleated duster he wore like broken storm shutters on a rainy night. I thought it particularly odd; there was no wind at all in the building that I was aware of. Maybe someone left a window open in one of the rooms that he passed. Or, maybe he had an invisible dwarf entourage equipped with tiny leaf blowers to dramatically enhance the effect. Etched across his face was a dark and devious smile which, for some reason, really infuriated me.
Wobbly, I slowly climbed to my feet. Without a word or warning, Spike pulled his hands back and across his body, hurling a bright jolt of what appeared to be lightning toward me, which I was barely able to dodge at the last second. The smell of ash filled the air from the large hole that was scorched into the wall behind me where my head had previously been. That was a little too close for comfort.
He didn’t hesitate for a moment, following up with a second round of the burning light source I wasn’t so lucky to escape this time. Excruciating pain coursed through my body causing my teeth to clinch and chatter while my knees buckled beneath me. I felt as though I’d just stuck my finger in an electrical socket. I knew I couldn’t take much more of this. At the rate it was headed, I’d be dead in less than sixty seconds.
As I reached out to pull myself back up by the wall-mounted fire extinguisher next to me, I had an idea. It was sort of a gamble, but it was all I could think of that might give me a realistic chance. I didn’t have the strength to go toe-to-toe with this guy. I rose to my feet and steadied myself, staring back into the stranger’s soulless, beady eyes. And I knew at that moment, he wouldn’t stop until I was dead, that much was certain. He looked surprised for a second, then flashed a satisfied smile. Almost like he half-expected me to run, but was thrilled I didn’t. He wanted a fight, so I was going to give him one.
I concentrated on the pale skin over bones that served as his hands. They seemed to be the source of his power. I had to time my next move exactly right, or the next blast I received would surely be my last.
Just as he drew back to hurl another devastating stream of lightning at me, I quickly glanced at the ceiling above. Using my telekinetic ability, I forced the sprinkler head above him to fly off, showering water down below.
It was not a pretty sight. By introducing water to the mix, he’d essentially caused his own demise. I shielded my eyes from the bright light and repulsiveness of watching a man fry like a piece of bacon. He finally collapsed to the floor in a charred heap.
To my surprise, I heard applause originating from the hole created by the earlier blast that had knocked me senseless and trapped Robert underneath the pile of debris. A tall, strikingly handsome man stepped through the opening. I knew instantly who he was even though we had never met.
Vicktor.
Chapter 38
Meeting Vicktor for the first time was unlike anything I’d ever experienced. Imagine meeting Lucifer himself in the flesh. He was very sharply dressed and had an engaging, warm smile that could easily charm a rattlesnake. He was not at all what I’d expected.
My promise to Robert came to mind. But, instead of running, I did the exact opposite. I went on the offensive. I tried the most efficient technique I’d learned so far, the telekinetic push, to catch Vicktor off guard. I figured I would take a cue from my earlier charbroiled foe and strike first. The outcome was disheartening. Vicktor didn’t budge at all and simply regarded me with an even broader smile.
He straightened his clothes in a less than subtle fashion. My feeble attack was about effective as the blower at the end of a car wash that never really dries your vehicle. Talk about your disappointment.
“You are strong, I will give you that,” said Vicktor. “But not strong enough.”
Then he returned the favor. I could feel myself moving backwards and slammed hard into the wall behind me, pinned and completely unable to move. He approached and towered above me, looking quite pleased at his handy work.
Fury raged within me, and I lashed out with a level of anger I’d never felt before.
“Go ahead, kill me! No reason to stand there and gloat! Just do it!”
“You see that anger you flashed just now?” Vicktor asked. “That is good. It gives you unbridled strength and power. I can teach you things you would never learn with them,” he said, motioning to Robert. He sounded like a used car salesman trying to convince a young couple to purchase something well beyond their budget. I wasn’t young enough or naive enough to buy what he was selling.
“I don’t want to kill you. Why would I want to do that?” Vicktor responded as though the very thought offended him. “I’m not the monster in the painting they’ve so eloquently made you believe. Far from it. I mean you no harm. Actually, I want you to join me. With the Chirac is where you belong.”
I could hear Robert stirring, but due to my current predicament, I couldn’t turn my head in his direction.
“Vicktor…,” he mumbled, in obvious pain. “Let the boy go. He means nothing to you.”
“Why should I? He means everything to me. You brought him here to stop me, right?” He repeatedly stroked the light stubble on his chin. “You haven’t learned a thing have you, Robert? And, to think, I would have ever allowed you to get the drop on me, my old friend. This was a trap designed specifically to get me face to face with the boy prodigy. The chosen one himself. I know exactly who he is.”
“We are not friends,” said Robert. “We haven’t been for some time now. I’d say since right around the time you went insane,” he managed to say between fits of coughing. His voice grew steadily weaker with each word. “Don’t…listen to him, Charlie.”
“I think you’ve said enough,” Vicktor said, visibly irritated. He spread his palm toward Robert, and his body was swept down the hallway and through the far entrance with the force of a category five hurricane, along with the debris that pinned him. The doors slammed shut behind him.
Chapter 39
I was in serious trouble. Robert was right, I finally conceded. I wasn’t ready to face Vicktor and should have run just like he told me to. Of all the wondrous things I’d seen in the last few days, Vicktor's display of power was number one on the list.
“Finally, alone at last,” he said with a satisfied smile, rubbing his hands together. I could see how he’d won so many others to his cause. He was very charismatic and had a surprisingly calm voice.
“Now where were we? Oh yes, you were about to join us.” He forked his fingers through his sandy blond hair.
“I’ll never join the likes of you.”
“The likes of me?” He placed his hand over his heart. “That’s not nice, Charlie. Just what do you think it is that I’ve done? Did they tell you I was a tyrant who tried to take over my home planet and ended up destroying it? Oh, that’s not even the half of it. I was a patriot, much like this country’s Washington or Jefferson. Only we didn’t win. So of course, the Chirac are no better than the Taliban in the eyes of our people, little more than common terrorists. But we are so much more.”
He paused, seemingly in reflection of a time long ago I would never be fully able to understand.
“I wanted to put an end to the oppression of a brutal hierarchy, to create a better society where the majority’s voice could be heard. One where the people could stand united behind a true leader and not just a spineless figure head.”
“And you were that leader?” I asked.
“Yes. I had a foolproof plan then, same as I do now. Nothing will stand in my way. She won’t be here to stop me this time.”
His words caught me by surprise.
“Who is this she you’re referring to?”
He gave me a puzzled look, and I noticed his brow wrinkle for just a millisecond, confused. Then, he smiled again.
“They never told you? You don’t know?”
I had no idea what he was talking about, but he seemed very amused at my ignorance.
“Of course they didn’t. Makes sense now why they wouldn’t.” He whistled loudly in disbelief. “This just gets better and better. I tell you what, sport. How about I let you go. There’s no rush to make a decision now. I’m a patient man. Besides, I’m in a generous mood. But, here’s what I want you to do. I want you to go back to your new friends and ask them to stop keeping you in the dark. Demand the truth. Your real history, not the watered-down bedtime story they’ve been spoon-feeding you. Then, we will see how you feel about things, and if you will reconsider my offer. I truly hope that you will.”
He turned to leave, then stopped short.
“Oh, and I almost forgot to mention. We stopped by this quaint little mansion in the hills earlier, and guess what we found? A very attractive little tart all alone with her sweet old grandparents.”
Then Vicktor’s smile turned to something more sinister, something he hadn’t shown until now.
“Or, was that Arthur and his old hag, Martha Parkman? I think that’s the name she goes by now, I forget. Anyway, you consult with your newfound friends, and I’ll be getting to know…Allison is it? I’ll be getting to know her in the meantime.”
“Don’t you touch her!” I screamed. I struggled to break free, but it was no use. The invisible force kept me pinned and unable to move.
“When you’re ready to either join me or finish this little charade, give me a call. And I don’t mean via cell phone. I think by then you’ll know how. I think by then, you will know quite a lot about who it is you really are.”
Vicktor stuffed his hands into his pockets, whistling loudly as he walked away.
“See you soon, Charlie.”
I watched, enraged as his tall figure disappeared around the corner, just as the force that held me so tightly against the wall was released. I dropped to the floor, filled with anger.
I had to stop this man. With the level of his powers, I didn’t know if that was even a possibility. All I knew was that I had to find a way to stop him at all costs. And to rescue the woman I loved.
Chapter 40
I sprinted back down the hall and threw the doors open. I couldn’t see Robert at first, but soon, I noticed the worn sole of one of his boots protruding from underneath the debris. Clawing and pulling at the scraps of wood and broken drywall, I finally reached him. He was unconscious, so I shook him gently and called his name a few times to revive him.
“What happened?” he asked. “Where’s Vicktor?”
“He’s gone. This was all a trap. He’s been to the mansion and kidnapped Allison.
“We need to get back there now. Vicktor has everything he needs to rebuild the device.”
I was appalled.
“Did you not just hear what I said?” I asked. I was shocked at the apparent lack of interest in my friend’s plight.
“You need to keep your eye on the big picture here. There’s more at stake than your girlfriend. This is exactly what Vicktor wants, for you to be distracted,” he replied. He coughed vehemently and held onto my shoulder for support. I looked at his waist and cringed as I noticed a dark, circular pool of blood with a metal shard protruding from his left side.
“You’re hurt very badly,” I said. “Sit down a moment.”
I took off my shirt and ripped it into strips, stabilizing the wound as best I could. Even if I didn’t agree with the man’s words, I couldn’t let him die here.
“Keep pressure here,” I instructed. I helped him back to his feet.
“I’m going to get you back to the mansion and then someone is going to give me answers. Real answers.”
“Vicktor has manipulated you, just as I feared. I told you this is what he wants.”
“I don’t think he’s lying about everything. There have been convenient little holes in the story you and Arthur have fed me from the very beginning. I was just too overwhelmed with everything to see it before.”
We reached the elevator, and I pushed the down button.
“No, we can’t risk taking the elevator,” groaned Robert. His eyes were barely open, and he was breathing heavily. “We need to take the stairs.”
“You will never make it down the stairwell alive with that wound. We have to take our chances,” I said. I wasn’t taking no for an answer.
Robert chose not to argue and slumped to the floor once we were inside. I pressed the button for the lobby and leaned back against the wall. I released a loud sigh.
What a complete and total disaster. Not only did we fail in keeping the plutonium out of Vicktor’s hands, but now Allison had been kidnapped. Again. Robert was critically wounded. And, I had no idea where the others were.
The elevator jerked to a stop, and the large metal doors slowly opened. My jaw dropped as I took in the devastation. It looked as if a bomb had gone off. There were bodies strewn everywhere, and hundreds of spent ammo casings littered the floor. Most of the lobby furniture had been destroyed; tiny pieces of white cushion stuffing floated in the air all around the room. Small fires burned in several places, and the thick, pungent smoke made it difficult to see clearly. There was no movement at all so far as I could tell in the entire room.
My thoughts raced.
“Kara!” I yelled at the top of my lungs. “Michael! Nick!”
I dashed around the room, frantically moving lifeless body after lifeless body. I cuffed my elbow crease firmly to my mouth and nose to block the smoke.
How could this have happened? They were all young just like me and in the prime of their lives. To be struck down like this? There had to be a light at the end of this dark tunnel.
“Charlie.”
The voice was so weak and faint that I couldn’t figure out where it was coming from, but I was certain it was Kara. I reached out to her with my mind.
Kara!
She didn’t respond, but somehow I knew exactly where to look. It was almost as if I was being drawn to her very essence. I could feel her presence.
I raced over to the nearly destroyed information desk and peered underneath. Kara and Nick were there together, both unconscious. I knelt by Kara’s side and grasped her face gently in my hands.
“Kara,” I said softly. “Are you OK?”
Her eyelids fluttered a moment before she finally managed to open them. She offered a weak smile.
“Charlie. You came for me. I’ve been reaching out to you for awhile. I am so glad to see your face.”
“It’s OK,” I reassured her. “Try not to talk. I’m going to get you out of here in just a second.”
Chapter 41
I turned to Nick and shook him by the shoulders. He came to with a bewildered look and flung his arms wildly before he realized it was me.
“You OK?’ I asked warily, maintaining my guard in case he decided to swing again.
“Yeah, I’m fine. I thought you were one of the Chirac for a second there.”
“Where’s Michael?” I asked, looking around.
“The bastards took him. He was involved in a skirmish with about five others when he was struck down from behind. I couldn’t make it over to him in time. They put some sort of strange collar device around his neck and took him away.”
“What about Jason?”
Nick rose to his feet and brushed his clothes off before answering.
“He didn’t make it. There were just too many of them.” His voice wavered, and I could sense the discomfort in his voice. I decided not to press.
“Alright, let’s get out of here.”
I knelt next to Kara again. I instructed her to place her arms around my neck, lifting her fragile body off the floor and into my arms. She nestled her head into the side of my neck and her soft lips gently touched my skin. If I hadn’t known any better, I would say she kissed me. A tingling sensation shot through my body like a cannon.
Two kisses, by two different girls on the same night. Either I was in a bizarre dream, or this was easily the best and worst night of my life. I was leaning towards the latter.
“Nick, can you find us some wheels?” I asked.
“Certainly,” he said and was off in a flash.
“Hang in there Robert,” I said as he sat slouched against the wall next to the elevator. He must have crawled out after I’d entered the lobby searching for Kara.
Kara.
Why did I feel such an intoxicating attraction to her? I didn’t know much about her at all. Only that she was crazy beautiful and could throw a mean right hook. Just a few days ago, my thoughts only involved Allison. But now there was no denying Kara was part of the same confusing equation for me.
Nick returned and helped Robert to the van, placing him gently in the rear. I followed them out, sitting Kara there as well. I flopped down into the seat next to her.
“Can you drive?” I asked Nick.
“Yeah, no problem,” he said as he slammed the rear door and hopped behind the wheel.
Kara sat with her head resting on my chest. Once again, I felt the tingling sensation throughout my body. It was very close to the sensation I felt when channeling my abilities.
“I failed you, Charlie,” Robert said between labored breaths. His chest heaved up and down. “I failed you all.”
“Don’t talk like that. You had no idea this would happen,” I said.
“I should have been able to see this coming. I should have been prepared,” he mumbled, more to himself than to anyone in particular. “There’s got to be a reason why, something I missed.”
“I’ll tell you what you missed,” Nick growled, driving the van at a breakneck pace. Guess he was just used to going fast, period. “Those two shady commandos you brought along with us. That’s what you missed.”
“What do you mean?” Robert asked.
“Don’t you get it? They were playing both sides. They used you. They were a part of the Chirac’s plan against us all along. We never stood a chance.”
Nick paused and snatched the wheel, swerving around a slow moving delivery truck. The driver honked his horn angrily and flipped us off as we sped by.
“When we first entered the lobby, there was only a handful of guards, who were no real problem for us. Then, we were ambushed from behind by a group led by Carter and Price. They were the ones who took Michael away.”
Nick jerked the wheel and sped around another vehicle, barely missing an oncoming semi-trailer by inches.
“They even had their own super crew, just like us,” Nick continued, his eyes trained on the road. “These guys were no joke. One of them could even produce high-pitched sound waves. That’s what took me out of the fight.”
He gripped the steering wheel even more firmly, and I thought it might snap in two.
“I can’t wait to meet him again.”
I could sense his frustration.
“Kara pulled me behind the desk where you found us. I think she made them believe we had escaped with her mind control. She saved my life.”
Nick actually sounded grateful, which was a positive step in the right direction for him.
Kara barely stirred. Every so often, I would run a finger through her hair gently and a low rumble would emanate from her throat that reminded me of a kitten purring.
“So what do we do now?” Nick asked.
“We regroup and figure out a way to stop Vicktor before he has a chance to assemble the weapon,” Robert said. He stared firmly at me.
“No,” I replied, meeting his gaze. “First, someone’s going to tell me the truth. About everything. Then I am going to find Allison. It’s as simple as that.”
Chapter 42
The van’s tires screeched to a halt in front of the mansion. I said a quick prayer, thanking God we had made it alive and in one piece. I then made a quick promise to never get into a vehicle with Nick as the driver again. The guy was completely maniacal behind the wheel.
I opened the rear door and jumped out of the van with Kara in my arms as several people filed out of the mansion to meet us.
“What happened?” asked Arthur. He was holding a bag of frozen snow peas to his temple. His brow rose considerably once he noticed his daughter. “Is she alright?”
“She'll be fine,” I said. “Just help Nick with Robert. He’s in pretty bad shape.”
Instead, Arthur motioned for two others to assist with carrying Robert into the house. I guess his head was hurting too bad to lift a finger himself.
I carried Kara into the living room and placed her gently down onto the couch. She was barely responsive, and I could only assume it was due to shock and fatigue; she had no outward injuries that I could see. I removed the dark sweater she was wearing slowly, trying not to wake her, and smoothed her hair to the side. I wanted to see her face in its entirety. I wanted to soak it all in once more. I cared about her, just as I knew she cared about me. If I wasn’t so focused on Allison and wanting to see where things between us could go, I would give in completely to these feelings in a heartbeat. But, as strong as these feelings were, they couldn’t make up for the way I felt about Allison.
“I just heard bits and pieces of what happened. Are you hurt? Do you need anything?” Ms. Parkman asked, entering the living room in a whirlwind. The genuine concern for my safety was evident upon her face, and I was equally glad to see her. She fussed over me like a mother hen, wiping my brow with a damp towel and checking me from head to toe.
And I didn’t mind. I didn’t mind at all.
“I’m fine. And I think Kara will be fine too after some much needed rest.”
She turned her attention to Kara.
“Yes, I do believe so. Poor child.” She rubbed Kara’s cheek. Then she called for Mildred.
“Please have Kara taken to her room and have the healer look in on her.”
Mildred bowed courteously and left the room.
“I’m truly glad to see you in one piece,” said Arthur, joining us in the living room. He brandished the same bag of frozen vegetables in one hand and a tumbler filled with dark brown tonic in the other.
I shrugged my shoulders. “It is only because Vicktor let me go. That's the only reason I'm standing here right now.”
“What do you mean?” he asked, sitting down beside his daughter on the couch. He tossed the bag of snow peas on the mahogany coffee table in front of him and placed his hand on Kara’s shoulder.
“I mean he let me go. Simple as that,” I said. I stared blankly at him while he took little sips of his drink as if it was a steaming hot cup of java. Occasionally, he would shake it from side to side, and the ice would rattle against the glass in the most annoying way.
Rich people.
Chapter 43
“So what we need to do now is figure out how Vicktor got the jump on you and come up with a plan to stop him,” he said. He brought his right leg up over his left knee and grabbed his ankle, rocking slowly back and forth.
“We already know how they got the jump on us. Carter and Price. The humans you brought in are also working for Vicktor. And I’m not doing a damn thing until someone tells me the truth,” I said bluntly.
Arthur looked at Ms. Parkman with an openly confused look.
“What do you mean Carter and Price are working for Vicktor? That’s impossible,” he said with an uneasy laugh.
“I’m not going to waste my time explaining it to you. Just ask Kara when she wakes up. If you still have any doubts, I think that will clear things up for you.”
“I told you we shouldn’t have brought humans into this house,” Ms. Parkman reproached. “It was a bad idea from the start. Now look at what has happened. No wonder Vicktor was able to circumvent our defenses so easily tonight.”
“There is nothing we can do about that now,” Arthur said. “We need to focus on how to stop Vicktor.”
“What we need to focus on is someone telling me the truth,” I said firmly. My blood was starting to boil.
“You have been told the truth.”
“I’ve been told a bunch of half-truths. I only met the man for a few minutes, but I knew Vicktor wasn’t lying; there is something you haven’t told me. You’ve been using me since the very beginning. Telling me just enough so I would go along with your agenda. Maybe Vicktor was right. Maybe I do belong with the Chirac.”
It was a gamble, but I was willing to go all in on this bluff. I needed to know the truth before I went one step further. I was tired of being everyone else’s puppet. I had to learn to stand on my own two feet for a change. It was time for me to play the cards I was dealt.
Arthur and Ms. Parkman exchanged nervous glances before arguing back and forth between themselves in hushed voices. Finally, Ms. Parkman turned to face me.
“It is time.”
Arthur started to object, but Ms. Parkman held up a hand to stop him. “Wait here,” she said quietly and left the room. Arthur refused to look at me, choosing to sip his drink in silence instead. After a few awkward minutes, Ms. Parkman returned carrying a wooden box and handed it to me.
“This is for you. It is your mother’s legacy. She wanted you to have it when you were ready.”
I stared at the elaborate carvings along the top and sides of the beautifully crafted box. They were remarkable symbols that I recognized instantly. I’d seen them in my dreams every night since the hypnosis.
“Sometimes people wrestle with the truth and whether or not it’s beneficial to reveal that truth to those they love and care for. The truth can be very painful and hard to accept for some. In the end, it is up to the individual and what they choose to do with the truth once it’s bestowed upon them.”
She paused and touched my arm affectionately.
“Vicktor is your father.”
Chapter 44
My entire body went numb. I mean completely numb, like I was suddenly paralyzed. I could feel myself getting lightheaded, so I reached out, grasping the arm of the recliner next to me and collapsed into it.
This was not happening. How could this be? The man who had kidnapped the girl of my dreams was also my father.
I felt like vomiting.
“Vicktor was once the top scientist on planet Etheus,” Ms. Parkman continued. “The war between the Alarians and the Chirac had waged on for years and was depleting the planet of all its natural resources at an alarming rate. Vicktor had an innovative idea to make a device that could create unlimited energy. He tried for some time to perfect the process and failed. Or so he thought. Through a freak accident one night, he was exposed to the energy emitted from the device and his physiology was dramatically changed. He was instantly faster, stronger, and more intelligent. In his mind, he’d discovered the key to the Alarians winning the war: by making a race far more superior than the Chirac.”
“His invention was taken before the Elders, the governing body of the Alarians. They vehemently chastised him and regarded the device as an abomination. They ordered his research and all records of it to be destroyed. But what they didn’t know was that the exposure to the energy had also begun to affect his neurological processing as well. He became madly obsessed with proving the Elders wrong. Blind with anger, he continued his research in secret.”
“There was a small group of rebels inside the Alarians who believed his ideas were for the good of our race. This group included Arthur, Robert, myself, and your mother, Calista. Due to his well-known fondness for her, she was chosen to get close to him and recruit him. We had no idea of the changes he was undergoing. We only knew that something drastic needed to be done, or we would soon lose the war to the Chirac. So, we invited him into the group. Vicktor and your mother grew close after a while and began an intimate relationship.”
“Unbeknown to us, Vicktor’s hatred for the Elders had consumed him. His new plan was to create an even larger device to expose the planet’s entire populace to the energy, essentially creating a new and powerful race in his own image. The device worked to that effect, changing anyone or anything it came in contact with. We were too late to realize his true intentions and that his madness had also jump-started catastrophic events within the planet’s core itself. The device was unstable and could not be stopped, eventually becoming a ticking time bomb that would destroy the planet and all its inhabitants.”
“All hope was lost, or so we thought, until the foretelling of the chosen one. You see, soon after, we discovered that even when a normal being from Etheus was exposed, they still only possessed limited abilities. But it was the unborn children still in their mothers’ womb who held the true power. As plans were made to leave for Earth, we ensured these unborn children were kept safe and hidden from the Chirac along with their mothers. They were evacuated first and each assigned a guardian.”
“The plan worked, except Vicktor found out that your mother was also pregnant with child. His child. He wanted you for himself and came after her with a vengeance, very nearly killing her along with his best friend, Robert, who was powerless to stop him. Near death, your mother tried to reason with him, using the most powerful weapon in the universe at her disposal: love.”
“In the end, it was his inner struggle with what he’d become and his love for your mother that won out. He disappeared and was never seen again. It was believed he had perished along with the planet, but now we know he is very much alive. And one thing is for sure. He still wants you.”
Chapter 45
So it was true. Vicktor was my father. A brilliant scientist who’d gone mad after an invention turned his brain into clam chowder. All the years of wondering where my real family was and why I’d been given up for adoption, and now, I knew the truth. I wasn’t alone anymore. No matter how crazed and disillusioned he was, Vicktor was still my father. A fact that was going to take some serious getting used to and maybe even a few years of therapy.
“Are you ready to meet your mother?” Ms. Parkman asked.
I turned and looked around the room, both confused and anxious at the same time.
“I thought my mother was dead? I was told she died during childbirth.”
“Death is a relative term, Charlie. Tonight is the night for revelations. Open the box.”
I opened the black velvet-lined box gently and beheld an elegant silver chain with a stunning heart-shaped sapphire pendant resting inside.
“Place it around your neck.”
I took the pendant from the box and did as she instructed.
“Now, grasp the stone with your thumb and forefinger then close your eyes.”
As soon as I did, I felt a sudden whoosh, sort of like being in an elevator that shoots straight to the top floor of a skyscraper at top speed. Nick would have probably loved the sensation, but it made my stomach queasier than ever before. I opened my eyes slowly and looked around me. I wasn’t in the mansion anymore. There were no walls or floor that I could see; although I could feel some type of hardened surface underneath my feet. A thick cloudy haze, similar to the smoky substance from a fog machine used at rock concerts or sporting events covered everything. Perhaps what one might envision heaven to look like?
“Hello, Charlie,” I heard a soft voice say. A voice I’d heard before.
I turned around and saw a beautiful woman garnished in a white silk robe standing before me. Her wavy blonde hair flowed down past her shoulders and to the small of her back. She had deep blue eyes and a wonderful smile. She was beautiful.
And she was my mother.
“Hello son. My name is Calista.”
My response got stuck somewhere between my stomach and my voice box. All I could manage was a feeble wave of my hand as if I were a shy kid meeting a distant relative for the first time. And that seemed pretty accurate, all things considered.
I was extremely nervous. I had dreamed of one day finally meeting my mother, but not like this. Not in heaven! Not in the clouds! Was I dreaming again?
“I know this is hard to comprehend, son,” she said taking a step closer to me. “How can I be standing in front of you now if I died years ago? Am I real? Are you dreaming?”
She moved steadily closer and reached her hand out to my face. On instinct, I jumped backwards stumbling on my own two feet and falling on my butt.
She laughed softly.
“It’s OK, son. It’s alright,” she said in a soothing tone.
I rose to my feet, embarrassed and ashamed.
She reached out again, and this time I stood fast. I felt her soft touch on my cheek and closed my eyes. Tears began to swell and roll down my face.
“Mom,” I said finally as I hugged her tightly, never wanting to let go.
Chapter 46
“So how can this be?” I asked, finally loosening my grip on her small waist. Reluctantly, I might add.
“This is sort of like your own private sanctuary. I exist here in this time and place. Anytime you wish to see me, you can visit me here. Time does not exist for me, so next we meet, it will seem to me as though you had just left. I am neither dead nor alive.
“But how is that possible?” I asked. I was still utterly confused.
“The necklace. When I gave birth to you, I knew I would not survive to see you grow up. So, I decided to transfer my essence into the pendant you wear around your neck. It was the only way I could ensure that one day I would see my son again. You now have the ability to call upon me anytime you want.”
“So how did you know it would work?”
“I didn’t. But, I believed. I had Ms. Parkman, as you know her, oversee the process and ensure that you received the pendant once you were of age. Her real name is Leerva, and she is your guardian, just as all the special children of Etheus have an assigned guardian. She has watched over you faithfully for years. And through her, so have I. I’ve watched my son grow into a wonderful young man, and I am so very proud of you,” she said. Color rushed to her cheeks, and she smiled radiantly.
“So wait; how do you know what happens in the outside world?”
“As I mentioned, I can see bits and pieces through your guardian, Ms. Parkman. But, as you can probably tell, I know what you know. I see what you see. All of my essence wasn’t just transferred into the pendant. A part of it was imprinted to you. Do you recall how sometimes you may have a funny feeling about something or feel a certain way, as though maybe you should go in this direction or that? That is me. Sort of like the angel on your shoulder or your conscience.”
So my mom was my own personal MapQuest. I couldn’t decide if that was downright cool or sort of creepy.
“Don’t worry; I can’t do it all the time. Just mainly when you are in moments of great distress.”
That was reassuring. I had feelings for a girl who could read and feel my thoughts along with a mother who constantly gave me directions in life. I wasn’t feeling very independent all of a sudden.
“So I take it you know that Vicktor is back,” I said. I couldn’t bear to say the words my father or dad out loud for fear of profuse vomiting. All the color disappeared from my mother’s face at the very mention of his name.
“Yes,” she said quietly, wringing her hands together. “I knew he would find a way and survive. I am so sorry you have to deal with this, Charlie.”
“What am I supposed to do? I mean, a truck load of family drama was just dumped in my lap, and I’m expected to just shake it off and move forward like nothing happened. Plus, I’m supposed to face him again? This is ridiculous.”
“I know, and I wish there were some other way. But, if he is allowed to finish the Orion device, the same fate that befell Etheus will happen on Earth. Deep down you know this. You alone can stop him.”
There it was again, the whole lone gunman thing. I never wanted to be John Wayne and have the ability or desire to save the planet by myself. Heck, even he needed some help every now and then. And, if my last face-off with Vicktor was any indication, I would probably need a small army.
“But what if I fail? The only way to stop him is by force, not by reasoning, and I can’t beat him. He is ten times stronger than me.”
“He is only stronger than you because you believe him to be. You have proven to be very resilient throughout the years, my son, never giving in even when things seemed hopeless. Well, things are pretty hopeless right now, I know. But you won’t give up. You will find a way. And I will be there to support you.”
Her words of encouragement made me feel a little better. The fact that I didn’t have to walk this road alone was truly a blessing in disguise.
“You should be getting back now, Charlie,” she said, her voice wavering as though she might cry any moment. But she didn’t. I think it was more for me than for herself, holding back the tears that so desperately wanted to be released. She knew she had to be strong for her son’s sake once more.
“I will come back soon, mom,” I said, taking her hands into mine.
“Just remember, he is your father. He still has a soul somewhere beneath those layers of hatred. I was able to reach him before. Maybe you can as well.”
She kissed me softly on the cheek, and I came to the realization that she still loved him and probably always would. Then, I felt myself falling down; down through the endless layers of haze.
Chapter 47
Before I realized it, I was back in the living room. Arthur and Kara were gone, but Ms. Parkman was still there, waiting patiently for my return. Now that I knew she was my guardian, I definitely saw her in a much different light.
“Did you see your mother?” she asked calmly, setting the Healthy Lifestyles magazine she was reading on the coffee table.
“Yes. How long have I been gone?”
“Maybe an hour. Why do you ask?”
“Because it felt much longer,” I said. Not that it mattered to me. I’ve always been infatuated with the concept of my real mom being out there somewhere, missing her and wanting to meet her. But now that I knew she was out there for sure, I missed her even more.
“Well now you can see her anytime you wish. I’m sorry I had to keep all this from you, but it was her wish to do so until you were ready.”
“It’s alright. I don’t blame you. And thanks for watching over me all these years. My mom thanks you, too.”
She smiled, and as her eyes flashed in reminiscence, I saw a softer side of her I’d never witnessed before.
“I loved your mom as though she were my own daughter. Seeing you grow into a man is all the gratitude I need. You are destined for great things. Here’s the box for the necklace.” She handed me the wooden box. “Anytime you wish to see your mother just close your eyes, grip the pendant tightly, and hold on for the ride. It’s as simple as that. You should go get some rest now. It’s been a long day for you.”
“OK. Thank you again,” I said sincerely as I headed for my room. “See you in the morning.”
I was tired, but I didn’t know if I’d be able to sleep. I was still wired and on an emotional high. I felt a surge of raw energy coursing inside me that I hadn’t felt before. A confidence in myself that until now had been severely lacking. I knew who I was now, and I was surrounded by people who cared for my safety and well-being. It was an amazing feeling.
I flung open my bedroom door and face planted into my pillow, still fully clothed. I didn’t care. Nothing could bring me down.
Chapter 48
I woke the next morning feeling relaxed and refreshed. Today marked the start of a new beginning. As I got dressed, I even whistled to the tune of my favorite song. I couldn’t remember a time when I’d felt so rejuvenated.
Still whistling as I left my room, I noticed Kara coming toward me and stopped abruptly. For starters, I wasn’t very good at whistling and didn’t want to make a fool of myself. Not that I hadn’t already.
“Hey Charlie,” she said beaming brightly. She had the cutest little dimples when she smiled.
“Hey Kara, you OK?”
“Yeah, I’m fine. I just have a few bumps and bruises, but nothing too serious. Thanks for everything. I don’t remember much, but Nick told me how you found us.”
“It was nothing,” I said humbly. You actually led me right to you guys.”
“Oh?” she said, arching her eyebrows.
“Yeah, you called out to me with your mind and I heard you; that’s all.”
“Well, thanks anyway,” she said, touching my arm lightly. “You’re a lifesaver.”
“I don’t know about all that,” I remarked shyly. Then, I had a thought.
“Do you know why we can hear each other’s thoughts?”
Her eyes dropped to the floor before she answered.
“I don’t know. I can’t explain it. Weird huh?”
I nodded in agreement, but my spidey senses were definitely tingling. Why did I all of a sudden feel she knew more than she was letting on? It was a mystery I would have to get to the bottom of.
“My dad wanted me to come get you. He wants to discuss our next move.”
“OK,” I replied. “After you.”
I followed her to the secret room near the back of the mansion. As we entered I noticed things were just as busy as before. We walked over to the conference table. Attendance was sadly low without Michael or Jason present. Also, Carter and Price who I couldn’t wait to cross paths with again.
I slid in next to Robert.
“How are you feeling?” I asked.
He touched his midsection gingerly and grimaced, then flashed a weak smile.
“I won’t be tying my own shoes for quite a while, but I’m going to be fine. I owe you one kid.”
Arthur interrupted impatiently, his wooden pipe dangling from the corner of his mouth.
“OK, we need to get down to business. Have we made any progress in discovering the Chirac’s whereabouts?”
“No sir,” A young, petite woman with straight black hair and glasses spoke up. She had a serious demeanor and fingered an electronic data pad in front of her. She could have easily been mistaken for a schoolteacher grading midterm papers. “We haven’t been able to pick up anything that would tell us where they could be. We’ve drawn a blank.”
“That’s not acceptable. We have to find them, and soon. I don’t have to remind everyone here what’s at stake.”
“I don’t think we have to worry about finding them,” I said. “Vicktor told me when I was ready I would know how to contact him.”
“And just how are you going to do that?” Arthur asked. He made no attempt to mask his skepticism.
“I don’t know yet,” I admitted. I had no idea how I would do it. It wasn’t like he’d given me instructions or drew me a map for crying out loud.
“I was hoping someone here would maybe have some insight or an idea.”
“Well aside from picking up the phone and calling him directly, I don’t have a clue what he meant by telling you that,” Arthur said curtly. He took a puff of his pipe. “It’s probably some type of ploy intended to mislead you.”
“Well, I’m all you got. I’m the key to this whole thing, which you guys love to constantly remind me. And from what I understand, you don’t have any other leads, so maybe stepping out on a limb wouldn’t be such a bad idea. Oh, and by the way, I don’t appreciate your condescending tone or blowing me off so quickly either,” I snapped.
I couldn’t take his snide remarks or cynicism anymore. I pushed my chair back from the table and stormed out of the room. I don’t know what came over me, but I was fed up. I didn’t have the stomach to sit there and listen to Arthur anymore. I had missing friends, and he acted as though they were employees that were let go and could easily be replaced. I was upset to no end. He seemed like such a nice guy when we first met, but now, he was just another inconsiderate jerk.
Chapter 49
“Charlie!”
I spun around to see Robert hobbling down the hallway after me, clutching his side.
“Hey, wait up!”
I stopped reluctantly. Jeez, what was he going to say? More of the same? And I was having such a good day.
“What’s going on?” he asked. “What’s got you so worked up?”
“I can’t sit here and listen to this crap anymore. I’m going after my friends, with or without Arthur’s help.”
“Calm down, Charlie. We’re all in this together. Now, there has to be a reason why Vicktor would say you’d be able to contact him when you were ready. What we have to do is figure out how.”
I took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. At least Robert was being sensible.
“I have no idea what he meant. I wish I knew.”
“Well, what we have to do is explore all options. If I know Vicktor, he always has a plan and nothing can be overlooked. Even the smallest detail.”
“So you and Vicktor were friends?”
There was a lengthy pause before he answered, and I wondered if I might have overstepped.
“That was a long time ago. We were like brothers once. He never understood how I didn’t see things the way he did. The rejection by the Elders was something he took very personally. I blame myself for not seeing it coming. I failed your father. I promised I wouldn’t fail you as well, but last night, I did. I won’t let that happen again. I know you’re anxious to save your friends, and I would love nothing more than to see them safe, but I don’t think you’re ready to face Vicktor again just yet. I can almost guarantee he won’t be so generous next time.”
“How do you know that? I admit, I wasn’t ready before, but I really believe I can stop him now.”
“And why is that? What’s so different this time around?”
I didn’t know what to say to convince him. Maybe I didn’t know exactly why myself. But I did feel ready. Deep inside, I knew I could do it this time. I just couldn’t put the why into words. Luckily, I didn’t have to. I heard a familiar voice ring out in my defense.
“I know you didn’t ask for my opinion, but I’m going to give it to you anyway.”
It was Freddy. He must have followed me from my room. And apparently, he had something to say.
“I know Charlie can defeat this guy. Over the last few days, he’s turned into someone I don’t even recognize anymore. I’ve been around him since before I can remember, and I’ve never seen him so focused and driven. And…I’m so confident of that fact, and I believe in my best friend so much, I will be there to witness it in person. I will be right there by his side when he meets this Vicktor face to face one last time.”
I’ve never been more proud to call Freddy my friend than at that moment. I’d never heard him speak so passionate about anything before. Even Robert seemed amusingly surprised at Freddy’s outburst; he smiled fervently, nodding his head in approval. Then, he said something I wasn’t expecting to hear.
“Well, I’m convinced.”
He grinned and slapped me on the back.
Chapter 50
After the Oscar-worthy performance by Freddy, we headed off to the kitchen for some much needed refueling. He was feeling a bit hungry, and I had to admit, so was I. I’d skipped out on breakfast when Kara came to retrieve me earlier in the morning, and now I was famished. My stomach was making me pay for the neglect, turning in painful knots and sounding like a pissed off Rottweiler. Everyone else was busy elsewhere throughout the mansion, so we had the entire kitchen to ourselves.
“Let’s see what we have in here,” said Freddy. He yanked open both doors of the massive stainless steel refrigerator. It was one of those snazzy ones with a built-in LCD screen that displayed the weather and all sorts of cool apps and information. Freddy noisily opened each drawer. Then, frustrated by not finding anything to his liking, he promptly slammed them back into place. He finally settled on two large grapefruits near the bottom shelf and tossed them clumsily over his shoulder to me. I had to make a considerable effort to catch the second grapefruit before it crashed into the decorative tulip arrangement, which was mixed with green snowball viburnums, large, single-petaled peonies and scented geraniums at the center of the kitchen table. Don’t ask how I know all that. I have a secret fetish for beautiful flowers. The crystal vase that enclosed them probably cost more than both our college tuitions combined.
“Can you be a little more careful?” I warned.
“Can you learn to relax a little?”
Freddy pushed the large refrigerator doors shut and moved to the cupboards, loudly searching each shelf. It was like watching a home invasion in progress. He found a jar of peanut butter and pulled it down from the shelf. Satisfied, he closed the cupboards and opened the fridge again.
“Can’t have peanut butter without jelly,” he said with a hint of glee, grabbing the jar from the middle shelf and bumping the refrigerator door closed with his hip. The bread was on top of the refrigerator in a wicker basket, so he reached up with a mammoth paw and plucked the loaf down around the neck, much like a farmer with a chicken on its way to the slaughter. Watching Freddy sometimes was just shy of comical, but he was my best bud. And I loved him like a brother.
“Do you know which drawer the silverware is in?” he asked. He pulled one drawer after another in the kitchen and then slammed it shut impatiently.
“Try the one next to the fridge.”
He turned to check the drawer and smiled broadly.
“I knew there was a reason I kept you around. Now, can you rustle up some plates?”
I walked over to the cabinet I’d seen Ms. Parkman grab dishware from before and removed two plates and two saucers. I set them on the black granite-topped kitchen island in front of Freddy. He removed a knife from the silverware drawer and began to slice the grapefruits in half.
“So...I guess we need to figure out a way to contact this Vicktor guy, huh?
“Yeah. I’ve been thinking about that. Maybe it has something to do with my abilities.”
“You mean like the one you share with the hottie? What’s up with that anyway?”
“I don’t know, but I think she does. I could sense she was hiding something.”
“I personally think if you guys ever hook up that would make for a pretty strange relationship. I mean, how would you ever surprise each other? Kinda takes the fun out of certain things if you know what I mean.”
Freddy gave me a wink as he opened the bread loaf and pulled three pieces out, stacking one on top of the other. Freddy loved what he called affectionately the triple-decker peanut butter and jelly sandwich: one slice of peanut butter, two slices of jelly. I have to admit, he even had me sold, and I really savored them.
“Yes, I can only imagine what you mean. And no, I don’t think there’s even the slightest chance of us getting together. Did you forget about Allison already? Because I haven’t.”
His face turned instantly like hardened stone, and he dropped the spoon he was using to spread the jelly on the counter.
“That’s not cool. How can you ask me that? She’s my friend too. I was the one here who couldn’t protect her when your absentee pops broke in and kidnapped her. So, I think I deserve a little slack. I was just trying to lighten the mood and get your mind off all the negative stuff, like I always do,” he said. His nostrils flared from anger, and his breathing increased. Then he calmed a little and picked up the spoon once more.
“And, you can’t tell me you don’t have a thing for Kara. Heck, she’s supermodel hot. Any guy with a beating pulse would die for a shot at her. I know I would.”
He was right, but I wasn’t about to admit it. We’d known each other way too long for me to hide anything from him, so I avoided the topic. He didn’t need superpowers like Kara to read me. He was just that good. I would try and figure out what was really going on between her and me later, once Allison was safe.
“All I can think about right now is rescuing Allison, Freddy. Nothing else matters.”
“OK, I’ll back off,” he said calmly. He went back to his sandwich making.
“So you saw your mom last night, too? That had to be insane. And she’s in some type of alternate dimension or universe? You know I know all about that stuff. There was even an episode about it on The Outer Limits.”
“Yeah, something like that. It was emotional to say the least. I wish you could meet her,” I said as I I thumbed the pendant underneath my shirt to ensure it was still there.
“Me too,” he said and slid a plate and saucer toward me. Peanut butter and jelly sandwich with a side of grapefruit. Breakfast of champions.
“You want sugar for yours?” he asked. He used a spoon to scoop heaps of sugar on top of his grapefruit.
“No thanks.”
I liked my grapefruit plain.
“I think you should see her again. Maybe she knows how you can contact Vicktor,” he offered. He took a hefty bite of his grapefruit. As he chewed and smacked, I noticed the ring of sugar around his lips resembling a margarita glass, and I smiled.
“I think that’s a good idea, buddy.”
I smiled and took a delicious bite of my triple-decker PB&J sandwich.
Chapter 51
Following the hearty lunch with Freddy, I headed back to my room. He was right about one thing. I needed to see my mom again. Perhaps she would know something that could help me. Also, it gave me an excuse to see her again.
I stood next to the edge of my bed and pulled the pendant from beneath my blue polo shirt. I took a deep breath and clutched it firmly in my grasp. Just as before, I felt an instant whoosh, and I was there in the cloudy haze again. This time, I noticed my mom a short distance away, sitting on a white chair in front of a large mirror and combing her hair.
I walked over to her. She didn’t seem to notice me until I was almost standing beside her.
“Charlie! You frightened me, dear! I didn’t notice you enter this time. I was just trying to look nice for the next time I got to see you, and ‘lo and behold, here you are!”
She sat the comb down and reached up to me, extending a warm and heartfelt embrace.
“How long has it been in Earth time since your last visit?”
“It’s been about twelve or thirteen hours,” I said.
She smiled. “It’s just as I told you. It has only been mere moments here. It feels as though you just left.”
We walked around talking for a while, and I began to notice the place wasn’t entirely just a cloudy haze. Off in the distance was a stunning white structure whose foundation appeared to be built of solid rock upon a rugged cliff. Crystal clear water cascaded from a large opening in the cliff and poured down below into the seamless beyond. Large white birds, similar to an eagle, but much larger, floated up above.
“What is that?” I asked in awe.
“That is my home. It is where I rest, although I spend most my time down here, eagerly awaiting your return.”
I instantly felt sad for her. She had made the ultimate sacrifice so we could one day stand here face to face, but this place resembled more of a prison with no one else to talk to and nowhere to go. It had to be torture sitting there day after day waiting for a son that may or may not show.
“Don’t feel sorry for me, my son. It is a choice I made and a choice I would gladly make a thousand times over.”
I froze in my tracks. Did she just read my thoughts?
“No, I simply heard your thoughts; there’s a difference.”
“Bu—but how?” I stuttered. I was barely able to get the words out.
“Because I am your mother. Each family on Etheus shared this special bond with each other that could be felt and experienced at great distances. But, a select few from our planet possessed an even greater ability to read other’s thoughts and even to manipulate them.
“Wait,” I said. I wasn’t sure I wanted to hear the answer to my next question, but I asked anyway. “So, every family member can hear each other’s thoughts and communicate telepathically?”
“That is correct, to a certain degree.”
“So that’s it,” I said. The pieces to the puzzle were starting to come together for me. I looked off in the distance. “That’s what Vicktor meant when he said I would know how to contact him when the time came.”
“Yes,” she replied softly. “He is your father, and unfortunately, you share that bond. It is a bond that cannot be broken.”
“So why have I not heard him or sensed him before?”
“Because you were not ready to. Now that you know he is your father and have broken through that mental barrier, you are ready. You can now reach out to him anytime you want.”
“So, it’s that simple?”
“Clear your mind and call to him. That’s all it takes.”
“Can I do the same to you now as well?” I asked, hopeful.
“Unfortunately, no. Even though I am always near you in spirit, I am too far away to hear your thoughts. I exist in a place that cannot easily be quantified.”
I frowned. And then it hit me.
Kara.
Did this mean we were family, maybe even siblings? I didn’t understand how that could be, considering she’d mentioned her dad being the only other person who could ever hear her thoughts. Maybe my mother would know something and help to clear up this mystery that had been nagging me for a while. If she was family, at least that would mean I’d have someone living and breathing on planet Earth who wasn’t a total psycho to invite to Thanksgiving dinner.
“Mom, there’s something else I need to ask you.”
“Oh?” she said, giving me her undivided attention. I wondered if she knew already what I was going to ask, but didn’t want to be rude because she knew how difficult it was for me to bring up in the first place. Moms are wonderful.
“There is this girl…,” I began.
“There always is,” she said with a delicate smile. “I’m sorry dear, continue.”
“This particular girl, I can hear her thoughts, and she can hear mine as well. Sometimes we can even sense each other’s emotions as well. Does this mean we are related in some way?”
Her eyes widened, and she gasped as if she’d seen a ghost.
“No, Charlie. It means you have met your Daelin. It means you have met your future wife.”
Chapter 52
I couldn’t have heard what I thought I had just heard, right? My head felt as if it was stuck underwater, and I couldn’t breathe.
“You want to repeat that? Because, for a second there I thought you mentioned something about a future wife,” I chuckled nervously. I hoped she would laugh along with me and maybe punch me on the arm while telling me it was just an elaborate prank she’d thought up in her free time here on Planet Boring.
“Yes, Charlie,” she said calmly. “Your future wife.”
I was demoralized. Not that Kara wasn’t beautiful. And of course I was attracted to her. But what about Allison? And things were going so well…
“The only time another being outside your immediate family can hear your thoughts or communicate with you is when you have met your Daelin, or soul mate.”
“What do you mean soul mate? I thought that stuff was only in the movies?” I asked, not that my mother had any idea what a movie was. I just wasn’t feeling very receptive to the whole notion.
“You are not from Earth, Charlie. Do not forget that. You are a descendant of Etheus, and things are much different now than the life you’ve grown accustomed to.
“But, what if I don’t feel that way about her? What if there is another?”
“A human? Nonsense. With your own kind is where you belong now, my son. Besides, once you become aware of each other, there is nothing that can keep you apart. Nothing.”
Why did it always seem that when things are going so great, something always happens that completely derails everything? I had finally gotten close to Allison and felt that things were finally about to take off. Then I discover that I’m betrothed to a girl I barely know. Life can be so unfair.
“Life is what you make of it, Charlie.”
“Well, then I choose Allison,” I said defiantly.
“It is not that simple, I’m afraid. Daelin are a rare occurrence on Etheus; maybe once in a millennium. I understand it’s hard for you to accept, but the implications are enormous. Your union is key to saving our race from possible extinction.”
Chapter 53
I didn’t stay with my mom very long after our conversation. Frankly, I couldn’t stomach much more of what she had to say, so I conveniently fabricated a lie about having to get back and prepare for our upcoming mission and hightailed it out of there.
I kept thinking back to a few days earlier when things were much simpler. A struggling college student with zero love life and facing the possible end to my college experience after losing my scholarship. That I could deal with. Savior from a distant planet with extraordinary abilities destined to save the world with his predestined wife? Not so much. But, what option did I have? None that I could see in the immediate future. I was at a crossroads with no idea which way to go.
Just then, the door to my room swung open and in sauntered Freddy, enjoying a stick of cherry flavored licorice.
“You’re back,” he said, and fell back lazily on the bed.
I wish I possessed such a happy-go-lucky attitude. Nothing ever seemed to bring him down. Except for maybe when the refrigerator was empty. Then, he’s as mad as a honey badger.
“So did you find out anything helpful?”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“What do you mean ‘you guess’?” he asked, taking another bite of licorice.
“I don’t know if you’ll believe what I was just told because I’m having a hard time believing it myself.”
“Try me.”
I recounted the conversation with my mom.
“Get out of here!” Freddy exclaimed after I had finished and gave me a gentle tap on the arm. “That’s crazy man. So you and the supermodel chick are soul mates? Wow,” he said, shaking his head in wonderment. He pulled another licorice stick from his back pocket, unwrapped it, and took a bite.
“Yeah, I don’t know what I’m going to do about it.”
“What do you mean do about it? You accept it. Just as you’ve accepted everything else, that’s what. You’ve got awesome powers and a smoking hot babe. I wish I was so unfortunate.”
“I didn’t ask for any of this.”
“But, this is who you are now, buddy. I didn’t ask to be this handsome either, but look at me. A few days ago, I would have laughed this whole thing off; but not anymore. Not after what I’ve seen. And not after what I’ve witnessed you become.”
Once again, Freddy was right. I think it was my Earth experiences and my life here that I was so desperately hanging on to. I didn’t want to let go and accept my fate. Maybe because I didn’t really believe in fate or destiny. I believe that each person chooses their own path in life. There are no predestined outcomes. If only that were actually true in my case.
“You know, either way, I’m in your corner,” promised Freddy.
“Yeah, I know,” I said with a sigh of relief. Then I smiled. “Thanks for being a great friend.”
“You’re welcome. Now, let’s go save the world.”
“Are you sure you want to come along?” I asked.
“Oh, I wouldn’t miss this for all the pizza in Italy.”
Chapter 54
I decided to change my clothes and put on something a little more comfortable. I chose a pair of loose fitting jeans with a gray hooded sweater underneath my dark brown leather jacket. Then, I slipped on my black Harley Davidson boots with the silver tips. Guess I wasn’t going for comfort as much as for style after all. If I was supposed to be such a tough guy, I at least wanted to look the part.
As I finished zipping up my boots, I heard a soft rap on the door. I opened it to find Kara standing there, both arms folded and an irritated look on her face. I have to admit, I was kind of taken aback because I wasn’t expecting her.
“You going somewhere?” she asked. She looked past me to my backpack on the bed. She sounded slightly agitated.
I turned my back to her and walked to the bed. I grabbed the pack and checked its contents: flashlight, binoculars, some rope. You know, the basics of breaking and entering.
“Are you ignoring me?” I could sense her stress level increase.
“I’m a little busy,” I said dryly.
“Did I do something to offend you?”
“No. I just have a lot on my mind.”
“Well, I know what you’re planning to do, and I want in,” she said with a firm tone.
“I bet you do,” I muttered under my breath.
“What?”
“I said no, absolutely not.” I looked her in the eyes, my expression one of obvious disregard.
“So you’d rather take a slow and useless human along than someone who can help tip the scales a little more in your favor? That makes a whole lot of sense.”
“He’s not useless; he’s my friend,” I countered defensively. “What do you care anyway?”
“I find it actually funny that you ask me that,” she scoffed. “You’re not the only one with a friend out there. Why are you being so selfish and only thinking of yourself when there are others who are willing to help you. I don’t get you.”
“It’s probably because I don’t trust anyone here. All I’ve been told are supposed truths and half-truths. But, you want to go? Fine,” I said and turned away. I could feel myself losing my temper. “Don’t get in the way and don’t expect me to save you again.”
I was breathing hard, taking quick, shallow breaths that barely filled my lungs, and I could feel myself getting lightheaded. Kara moved closer to me and grabbed my shoulder with one hand, turning me towards her. With the other hand, she held my chin delicately, forcing me to look into her eyes.
“There is something else, isn’t there,” she said, studying my face. “Something you’re not telling me.”
I paused for a split second, then pulled my face from her grasp and said, “You tell me.”
I walked over to the dresser and bent down, staring into the mirror as I placed my palms on the top for support.
The room was deathly quiet for a while. It was a loud silence. Then, she finally spoke.
“Yes, it’s true, Charlie. I didn’t want to believe it either at first. I was just so excited that I could actually communicate with someone else. But, then a couple days ago, I let it slip to my dad that we were able to hear each other’s thoughts and sense each other’s feelings. He immediately began drilling me with question after question, such as how long had it been going on and who else knew. Then, he became angry. That’s why he’s been so short with you lately. He knows about us and doesn’t care for it. He doesn’t believe in you like I do. He doesn’t think you’re capable of defeating Vicktor. He believes you will only get yourself killed.
I laughed out loud. I couldn’t argue with that very real possibility.
“Don’t laugh,” she said in a serious tone that sent a cold chill down my spine. “Because the kicker is this: if you die, I will die along with you.”
Chapter 55
I shook my head.
“This is completely insane. Do you honestly believe any of this?” I asked. “I mean, soul mates are one thing. Now this? I’m starting to believe a lot around here is said to keep us on track with their agenda. I’m not buying it, and I’m leaving here shortly to rescue our friends. If you want to come along, you can. But, please don’t bring that up again,” I said. I shot her a sideways glance with my jaw clenched.
“This isn’t a joke, Charlie. I know what I felt,” she said quietly in almost a whisper. She grabbed my hand quickly, before I had a chance to object, and placed it on her chest while resting her hand on mine. “Do you feel that?”
As a matter of fact, I did. Our hearts appeared to beat at exactly the same rhythm. The room began to swirl, and everything else became a colorful blur. All I could see was the stunning beauty in front of me. As we locked eyes, it felt like an eternity, neither of us blinking, but holding each other’s gaze. I grabbed her firmly by the waist and pulled her in close to me. I don’t know why. It felt as though some primal instinct or urge had taken over my body, and I was merely a spectator. I cupped the nape of her neck with my right hand, tilting her head back slightly. She released a slight whimper, loosening her body to follow my lead.
Closing my eyes, I leaned in and kissed her. My first real kiss! And it was a passionate one as her delicate, soft lips met mine, and I swear we were floating in space. I experienced jolt after jolt of an electric sensation course through my body and could feel the same originate from Kara. It was almost as if we were sharing each other’s very essence.
Then, an untimely thing happened. A brief image of Allison flashed in my mind, and I opened my eyes. Panic ensued as I noticed we were actually floating about three feet off the floor! Almost instantly, we started to fall, crashing hard onto the floor.
“Are you alright?” I asked. I slowly sat up on my backside, using my bruised elbows for support.
“I’m fine,” Kara said, brushing loose strands of hair from her face.
“Were we just floating?” I asked in disbelief.
“We were having a moment until you thought about her,” she said, frustration mounting.
I was mortified. I had no idea any of this would happen.
“I won’t pretend to think you will simply forget about her and accept what we are,” Kara said. She wiped at her mouth as though she’d just tasted something despicable. “I see now that you have deep-rooted feelings for her. This is all foreign to me also. If there is any way for you to be with her, then so be it. But until then, I have a vested interest in seeing that you stay alive and in one piece. So I’m still going with you,” she said as she rose to her feet.
The door swung open wildly, and Freddy was there, panting hard.
“Everything OK?” he asked, worriedly looking around. His expression changed once he noticed Kara, then me pulling myself upright.
“Ask your friend,” said Kara tersely. She pushed past Freddy with a scowl on her face as she left the room and slammed the door.
Freddy watched her leave, then turned to me with a baffled look.
“Dude, what happened?” he asked.
With deep regret, I told him.
“Remember when you warned me about getting involved with two women at once?” I sighed deeply. “Well, I think it just blew up in my face.”
Man, I hated when he was right.
Chapter 56
Freddy couldn’t stop himself from laughing. He would pause for a second, look at me with a semi-serious expression, then burst into laughter once again.
“Go ahead,” I said, bitterly. “Have your fun.”
“Oh, I am,” he said between laughs. “Today my boy, Charlie becomes a man!” he yelled, then returned to his laughter.
Suddenly, the doorbell rang. The reason it seemed particularly odd was that the mansion had received no visitors since our arrival days ago.
“Are you done yet?”
“Yeah,” Freddy said, straightening his body from the doubled over position he seemed to be frozen in. He swiped at his eyes with the back of a hand. Apparently, my plight had driven him to tears.
“I promise that’s the last time I laugh about it,” he lied. “That was very inconsiderate of me.
Both he and I knew this wasn’t the last time the topic would be batting leadoff at the water cooler.
There was a light tap at the door and the raspy clearing of the throat.
“Mr. Reese, you have a visitor downstairs in the reception room,” Mildred said through the door.
I was curious. Who could possibly know I was here other than someone who wanted me dead?
“Who is it?” I asked.
“He says his name is Standeval, sir.”
My ears felt as hot as a locomotive engine, and I thought they might actually start to smoke like one as well. What on earth was he doing here? The man who started this whole thing, the mysterious illusionist and catalyst for my upturned life.
“Does Robert know he is on the premises?” I asked.
“He was notified just prior to my coming to retrieve you, sir.”
“Very well,” I said. “I will be down shortly.”
“What are you going to do?” asked Freddy.
“I’m going to hear him out. Then I’m going to hurt him very badly.”
Freddy looked surprised, but I meant every word. The man had left me on a burning stage in a catatonic state, and I so desperately wanted to return the favor. To be a stool pigeon for the Chirac and show up on our doorstep was very suspicious to say the least, but I knew there was some sort of ulterior motive. He wouldn’t just show up here unannounced for no apparent reason.
“I’ll go with you,” said Freddy.
“No, I want to see him alone.”
“Are you sure that’s such a good idea?”
It was a valid point because I had no idea what he was capable of. But, I knew that once he was in the mansion, he would not be allowed to leave, no matter the cost. He had to know this as well, so that was comforting. Besides, I had some burning questions for the man of mystery.
“No, I’ll be fine,” I reassured Freddy.
I headed downstairs with him close at my heels. As we reached the bottom of the stairs, Robert was there, waiting and giving me a concerned look.
“Are you OK to go in by yourself? This man is very dangerous and can’t be trusted.”
“I’m fine. What’s he going to do? Where’s he going to go? I’m sure you’ve locked down the perimeter by now, and he has to know he would never escape with his life. We have more to gain than to lose by hearing him out.”
Robert nodded and stepped aside.
I approached the reception room and opened the double French doors. Inside, Standeval was just accepting a glass of cognac from Mildred. He took it in hand and tasted the beverage, closing his eyes as the liquid met his palate and tongue.
“Delicious,” he remarked. “Thank you, kind sir.”
Mildred bowed and set the tray on a table next to the couch. “Please let me know if you desire anything else, sir.”
“Thanks, Mildred. That will be all,” I said, keeping my eyes trained on Standeval.
He bowed politely and exited through the French doors, pulling them shut behind him.
I’d never been in the reception room at the mansion before, and it was just as well because I would have been deathly afraid to touch anything. All the decadent art and collective pieces inside were of museum quality. I wouldn’t have been able to afford even one of the glass display cases that housed them.
A fire was burning invitingly in the hearth, and an elegant Persian silk rug was laid in front of a rustic black leather couch. Standeval sat with his legs crossed, and his right hand rested on a crystal-tipped walking cane. He wore an expensive three-button suit made of dark gray shark-skin weave cotton.
“Hello, Charlie. We meet again,” he said in a silky smooth voice and flashed a big smile. “I wish I could say it was under better circumstances.”
“Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t cave your face in right now,” I said with a menacing snarl, and took a seat across from him in a luxury high back leather chair.
“No need for such hostilities,” he said, smiling. He spun the cane between his thumb and forefinger in a circular motion on the floor. “I apologize for the way we met. I was in bed with some very dangerous people who convinced me to do their bidding—under duress I might add. Needless to say, I had little choice in the matter.” He talked with such eloquence and grace that one could tell he was well educated and proper.
“So what are you doing here?” I asked, keeping a wary eye on him.
“I’m here because I owe you. I did you a great disservice, and I wish to right that wrong. I am not a terrible man as you might think. Like most, I’ve made my share of bad decisions. But, I cannot be a part of what they are planning anymore.”
“Who?”
“Oh, I think you know, Charlie. The Chirac.”
Chapter 57
I don’t know why, but his reply didn’t illicit the response in me that I expected. I guess a part of me already knew what he wanted to tell me.
“Of course, you know they plan to create the device once more.”
“Yes, we already know that. The device is a death sentence for planet Earth, just as it was on Etheus.”
“No,” he corrected me. “That’s where you’re wrong. The device works perfectly now. They have already tested it.”
Already tested it? Things were much direr than we originally thought.
“Now, I know your ultimate goal was to save this planet from destruction, but you have a much bigger problem to deal with now. Vicktor doesn’t want to destroy the planet. He’s going to use the device here on Earth to turn as many humans as he can into his own personal slaves. He wants to create a race of subservient beings to serve him. If he succeeds, he will have an army no one will be able to stop. Not even you. Every man, woman and child on this planet is in danger.”
“Why should we trust you?”
“You don’t really have a reason to, I know. You can just sit back and watch the world go to hell in a hand basket, or you can take action to stop these maniacs,” said Standeval. He leaned back and nonchalantly checked his designer watch.
“And what are you going to do? Will you join us? Seems you know quite a bit about them. It would be nice to have someone who’s been on the inside. You’d be a tremendous asset. We could have the upper hand this time.”
“Oh no, my young friend,” he said. He threw back his glass and finished off the cognac. Then he rose to his feet. “I am not a fighter. I have done my civic duty, and I do believe we are even.”
“Not even close,” I said, rising from my chair. “If you will not help us, then you must understand why we cannot let you leave.”
He smiled and straightened his suit jacket, then buttoned it.
“I come to you extending my hand in goodwill, and this is how you choose to thank me? You are your father’s son, huh?”
“Just relax and make yourself at home,” I said and smiled crassly. “Looks like you’re going to be here awhile.”
“What makes you think that I would allow myself to be held captive by the likes of you?” he said. “Your mistake was thinking I would just walk in here with no possible way out.” He flashed a mischievous smile, and I instantly knew we had underestimated him.
“Good luck with your little family feud.”
Standeval flipped the cane from his left hand to the right and brought it down hard upon the floor. The crystal at the tip of the cane turned a bright iridescent blue color, and a massive shock wave of energy was emitted, knocking me off my feet and literally throwing me halfway across the room. Robert and several others rushed in immediately.
“What happened?” he asked, hurrying to my side with his weapon drawn. “Where’s Standeval?”
“He’s gone,” I said as I climbed to my feet. “Never mind him. We have more urgent matters to tend to. They have already assembled the device. Already tested it too.”
I walked over to the large bay window in the reception room and looked out beyond the grounds of the mansion. In the distance, I could see several neighborhood kids out on their bikes while a few more played hopscotch. They were all so innocent. It was a serene picture. Was it the calm before the storm?
“Our objective has changed.”
“How is that?” asked Robert. He holstered his weapon and came over to stand next to me.
“Vicktor has no idea what he’s doing with the device.”
“I don’t follow,” he said, giving me a puzzled look.
“On Etheus, most of our people who were affected experienced only minor changes in their physiology. That’s because our race had evolved to the point where certain abilities had already manifested and were the norm. The Orion device only made these beings stronger, more advanced. Now, let’s think about what this device could do to a race of beings that have yet to evolve on so great a scale. What could potentially happen?”
Robert mulled the question over for a moment. Then his face went as white as a bed sheet.
“My God,” he said. “It could be Chernobyl all over again, but worse. This time on a global scale.”
“Correct. Vicktor has not factored in what might potentially happen to such a fragile race as humans. He would single-handedly be responsible for the extermination of all life on Earth.”
Chapter 58
After my conversation with Robert, I asked him to leave me alone in the room for a minute. He didn’t ask any questions and promptly departed. I think he knew what I was about to do.
It was time to reach out to my father. As much as I didn’t want to, I knew what was at stake.
I stood alone in the center of the room and closed my eyes. Taking a deep breath, I cleared my mind and attempted to reach out to Vicktor. At first, nothing happened, and I started to doubt whether it was actually possible. I knew it wouldn’t be as simple as dropping a quarter in a pay phone, but with my mom and Kara it had been relatively easy. Then, I felt as if I’d suddenly been struck by a lightning bolt, and I could hear Vicktor’s voice clearly.
Well, well, well. It’s so good to finally hear from you, Charlie. I was starting to worry.
I wish I could say the same.
No need for the brashness. So, I take it you’ve had a rather fruitful conversation with your new friends?
Yes, I have.
You finally know the truth about your origin?
I do. But, that is not going to stop me from doing what needs to be done.
There was a long pause, and I thought for a second that maybe we had lost communication or that he’d gotten angry and ended the conversation, but then he was back.
And you’re still intent on squaring off with me?
Even telepathically, he sounded hurt.
Trust me, I don’t want that. But, hey, if you’re so dead set on it, meet me on the roof of the Gateway Plaza Hotel at eight o’clock tonight. And, even though I know you won’t listen, I’m going to warn you anyway. Please come alone. I do not wish to harm any more of your friends, but I will not hesitate if they get in my way. Just remember, their deaths will be on your hands. See you soon, son.
I felt the same debilitating lightning bolt effect, and this time, I doubled over in pain, eventually dropping to my knees like a sack of potatoes. I felt bile start to creep up my throat and fill my mouth; I fought the sensation as best I could, wiping my face with the sleeve of my sweater. I couldn’t determine whether it was due to the sudden shock of the telepathy between Vicktor and I, or a case of the nerves. It was probably a brutal combination of both.
A little shaky, I got up, walked to the French doors, and opened them. Robert was just outside talking with Arthur as I emerged from the room. Arthur eyed me coldly, and I recalled what Kara had told me earlier.
“My men are combing the grounds for Standeval, but so far they’ve turned up nothing,” he said.
“You won’t find him. He’s long gone by now. I don’t think we have to worry about him anymore though. He’s a selfish and conniving snake, but he is ultimately more concerned about saving his own bacon than to ever show his face to the Chirac again.”
“And you know this how?” Arthur asked, ever the cynic.
“Call it a hunch,” I said with equal disdain. “Besides, I know where Vicktor is now. I’m meeting him tonight.”
Arthur’s eyes brightened.
“That’s excellent news! Where is he? I will put together a team immediately to respond.”
“No, you won’t,” I snapped. “I already have a team. I don’t want to be responsible for anyone else, and I’d prefer to have people around me that I can trust.”
My response caught Arthur off guard and must have struck a nerve because he immediately went on the defensive.
“What do you mean?” he asked. “This is preposterous! We can’t have the success of this mission and the future of this planet resting solely in the hands of a bunch of kids!” he said as he laughed boisterously, looking to Robert for validation and support.
Robert simply smiled and placed his hands in his pockets.
“I think he finally gets it, Arthur. This fight is theirs to win or lose; nothing we say or do matters to the outcome. We can either stand in the way and hinder them, or get out of the way and support them.”
Chapter 59
“Are you insane?” Arthur asked, his voice squeaking slightly as his pitch elevated from the rapidly mounting frustration. I’d never seen him so agitated. It was actually rather satisfying to witness.
“We cannot do this, Robert,” he pressed. “We have worked too long and hard to get to this point.”
“And where would we be now without him?” he reasoned. “If you don’t want them to go, you can try and stop them—without me.”
Arthur stewed and fumed a while longer, but didn’t say another word. It appeared Robert’s suggestion wasn’t one he was willing to follow.
Smart man.
“Robert, can you give us a minute?” I asked.
“Certainly,” he said and winked as he hobbled off towards the kitchen. When he was no longer within earshot, I spoke up.
“I know why you don’t want me to go on this mission, and I get it, I really do. I talked with Kara earlier; she told me everything.”
I could see he was visibly startled, but he tried to maintain his usual calm.
“I get the fact that we are connected somehow and what could happen to her if I was to die. I wish there were some other way, but there isn’t. You know as well as I do there is no one else capable of stopping Vicktor. Am I scared? Absolutely. Is there a good chance I could fail and be killed by my own father? Probably. But those are risks I have finally come to terms with. This world is depending on me. Your daughter; my friends are all depending on me. And that’s what will see me through. I do believe that. And it would be great if you could show me the same support you did before you learned about me and Kara.”
Arthur just stood there silent a long moment. He began to pat his pockets until he found what he was looking for: a box of matches. He pulled one out and struck it along the side, igniting the match, and letting the sulfur burn off a few seconds before placing the flame inside his trusted pipe. He puffed slowly and rhythmically a few times, releasing the smoke from the corner of his mouth and finally extinguishing the match. The aroma of sweet tobacco mixed with sulfur, and burnt wood filled the air. It wasn’t entirely unpleasing to my surprise and vexation.
“You make a good argument, lad,” he said calmly. His voice was muffled a bit because of the pipe resting between his teeth. “I have strayed from the path, and for that, I apologize. I let my personal feelings get in the way and cloud my judgment. Just now, you have proven to me that you are a remarkable individual, Charlie. One that can and will make a difference. Thanks for showing an old man the error of his ways. My daughter is all I have left, and I love her dearly. But, I lost sight of all the sacrifices that you yourself have made along this journey, and the ones you have yet to make. You are very resilient, and it may just be your best asset. Just know that I am one hundred percent behind you. We will discuss the matter of you and Kara at a later time.”
He threw his arm around my shoulders and gave a hearty laugh. “Sound good to you?”
I exhaled.
“Sounds great.”
Chapter 60
“That is a really big building,” Freddy marveled.
We were all gathered in the situation room again as I had now unceremoniously christened it. Freddy couldn’t stop ogling at all the cutting edge technology and gadgets once I’d finally convinced Robert to let him enter. He was like a kid on his first trip to the zoo. Everything was amazing to him.
We were currently looking at a scaled replica of the Gateway Plaza Hotel in downtown Grand Rapids on the holographic monitor. Even as a replica, the building was breathtaking. It was currently a mixture of several entities as the bottom ten floors were used exclusively for the hotel while the next fifteen were individually-owned condominiums. The final ten floors were privately owned by a foreign investment firm.
“Do we know anything about this investment firm?” asked Robert.
“Not really, sir,” answered the serious looking schoolteacher from earlier. I had learned her name was actually Brooke, and Freddy seemed to take quite a liking to her right away. As soon as she spoke, I could sense the piqued interest as the corners of his mouth slowly stretched upwards, and he pushed his glasses back up his nose with an index finger. I’d seen the look before. It was the unmistakable look of a lion, just before it pounced on a helpless gazelle.
I glanced under the table to make sure my aim was true and delivered a swift, sharp kick in the shin. He reeled back, startled, then threw up his hands and mouthed ‘what’ in my direction. I glared at him with my jaw tight and eyes as rings of fire. He rolled his eyes and turned his attention back to Brooke, hanging on her every word.
“We know they are a private firm based out of London. A lot of the information we were able to dig up was pretty generic. You could find the same info with your standard internet search engine. No pictures or names that we could find. None that mattered anyway. It’s almost like they don’t want anyone to know who they are.”
“I think we can safely assume then that this firm is probably a front for the Chirac, and they control the top ten floors,” said Robert. “Entry from the ground level will likely be out of the question. What we need to figure out is how to get you guys in without being noticed.”
“Well, a distraction didn’t work too well for us last time,” I said. “Vicktor knows I’m coming and won’t try and stop me from getting to the roof. Freddy and I will simply walk in through the front door.”
“Are you sure that’s a good idea? The Chirac will be crawling all over the place,” said Robert. His voice was etched with concern.
“It’s a great idea,” I reassured him. “When we walk through that front door, all eyes will be on us. It will give Nick and Kara the opportunity they need to slip in unnoticed.”
“I like it,” said Nick. Then he frowned. “But, where exactly are we going to slip in?”
“What about the service entrance?” Arthur suggested.
“Too obvious. They’ll be expecting that. We have to find a way in they haven’t thought of,” said Robert.
Brooke leaned forward and moved her thumb and index finger back and forth simultaneously, zooming in on the holographic image of the hotel and expanding the vantage point.
“This is an option,” she said, keying in on a small door at the rear of the hotel.
“Where does it lead?” Robert asked.
“It leads to the hotel kitchen area.”
“That place will be crawling with people. It’s too risky. That can be their last resort, but we need to find something better if we can.”
“Do we have schematics of the sewer system?” asked Kara. She hadn’t spoken at all since we entered the room and hadn’t spoken to me since storming out earlier, raging mad.
I needed to apologize to her and make things right, whatever that meant. I wasn’t clear on how I was supposed to approach the subject of Allison with my soul mate. It was kind of like sticking your hand in a crocodile’s mouth. There is an off chance that he won’t chomp down. Then again, it is a crocodile, and you could be regretting that decision for the rest of your life.
A crocodile? Really?
I jumped in my chair, stunned from my daydream of carnivorous reptiles by the cold harsh sound of Kara’s voice in my head. When was I going to learn?
Chapter 61
I sat up straight and nervously glanced around to see if anyone had noticed. Freddy’s wandering eyes met mine, and he looked puzzled for a second. Then, noticing the icy gaze on Kara’s face, he gave me an amused smile followed by a barely muffled chuckle. Guess he felt it was payback for the kick I gave him.
Brooke removed the image of the hotel and pulled up a holographic maze of intersecting tunnels.
“This is a model of the sewer grid near the hotel,” she said. She pulled and stretched the hologram in front of us as if she were a chef working pizza dough. “I like what you’re thinking Kara, and this may just work.”
“A sewer? Come on!” Nick groaned.
Thank goodness Freddy and I were going through the front. I didn’t want to relive my sewer experience.
“Don’t be such a baby,” Kara chided.
“Just because I don’t want to smell like dirty diapers and spoiled food doesn’t make me a baby, princess,” Nick contested.
“You wish. And don’t call me princess,” said Kara, rolling her eyes as she leaned back in her chair and folded her arms defiantly.
“Are you two done?” asked Arthur. He glowered at both Nick and Kara who each remained mum. “Good. Continue, Brooke.”
She highlighted a portion of the hologram, then rotated and panned out, so the view was now of a manhole cover just above street level. It was almost as if the real thing were right in front of us. The detail was so amazingly sharp and crisp.
“This manhole is approximately two hundred yards away from the hotel. If you enter here, it will lead you directly to this access point, underneath the hotel.”
She zoomed in once again, this time on a small door about three feet high.
“What is that? asked Robert.
“That is a little known entrance that will grant access directly to the hotel’s ventilation system. It wasn’t in the architect’s original design, but it was added later and never made it into the final schematic that was filed with the city. We only discovered it after comparing the two. You really have to adore human incompetence,” she joked.
“Looks like it,” said Robert. He stroked his chin. “This just may work.”
“So wait, we are supposed to crawl through the ventilation system and make it up thirty floors undetected?” asked Nick. “Am I the only one who thinks this is absurd?”
Freddy snickered.
“No, he’s right,” I said. “We need to find a faster way for them to make it to the top floors once inside and search for Michael and Allison. And, I think I have a plan that just might work.”
Chapter 62
Back at my room, I grabbed my backpack and placed it next to the door. I wasn’t ready to leave just yet. There was one final thing I needed to do, and I couldn’t go out risking my life in an attempt to save the world without getting it off my conscience.
I checked the wall clock. The antique read 5:02 P.M. More than enough time to get where I needed to go and be back. I slipped out of my room and headed downstairs. I needed to make it to the garage without being seen.
Hugging the wall and walking lightly, I paused next to the kitchen. I could hear several voices and inched forward so I could peek around the doorframe. Luckily, no one inside was paying attention or looking in my direction, so I slipped past, continuing on toward the garage.
As I reached the door, I heard a voice from behind that startled me.
I was busted.
“Where are you headed?”
It was Robert, I noticed with vexation upon turning around. He was leaning against the wall as though he’d been there the entire time.
“I need to go out for a second. There’s something I need to do.”
“Well, I don’t think it’s safe for you to be going out by yourself, so I think I’ll tag along.”
“I need to do this by myself,” I argued.
“Not if you want to take any of the vehicles from this house, you don’t. Come this way. I’ve got something that will get you to where you need to go in no time at all.”
I couldn’t argue with him, so I followed behind as he led me to the west side of the mansion. Honestly, I hadn’t put much thought into where the keys might be for any of the vehicles, so it was just as well that he’d found me. We continued on through the halls until we came to a solid paneled wall with only a decorative lamp in its center.
Robert hobbled up to the lamp and pulled it down. The wall gave way, sliding inward and to the right, revealing a passageway.
“Follow me.”
I didn’t respond, instead marveling at how the mansion seemed to hold as many secrets as those who resided in it. The passageway led us to a brightly lit warehouse filled with exotic cars and sport utility vehicles, each souped-up and modified in some way to enhance performance.
Robert walked over to a bright red Bugatti concept and placed his hand underneath the door handle. The door lifted straight into the air, and Robert climbed into the driver seat.
“Get in,” he said as he pushed the ignition button. The car’s engine roared to life. I was startled as I slid into the passenger’s seat, and a pleasant woman’s voice spoke.
“Welcome, Robert. Would you like for me to set your destination for you?”
“No, I know where we’re going,” Robert responded, clearly used to communicating with the car. I stared at him, flabbergasted by the surreal ingenuity. Both doors mechanically descended on their own and closed shut. I felt as though I were in the cockpit of a jet fighter with all the gadgets.
“Did this car just speak to you?”
“Yes,” Robert responded and placed the car in drive. “Gives a whole new meaning to the term smart car, huh?”
“I’ll say.”
He floored the gas pedal and the tires screeched, propelling us toward the adjacent wall. Robert pressed a button on the middle console and the wall separated, opening onto a loosely graveled road. He continued to accelerate, negotiating the sharp turns as we departed the mansion. Trees and foliage along the side of the road zoomed by in a blur while the car steadily picked up speed. We eventually merged with a paved two-lane public road, and I suddenly realized we were on the backside of the large hill that overlooked the mansion.
“How did you know where I wanted to go?” I asked finally. He’d already made it clear to the concept car that he knew what our destination was, so now I wanted to hear it from him.
“I know you better than you think,” he replied. “Where else would you be going? I think it’s pretty obvious.”
I gritted my teeth and stared out the window. I hated answers like that.
“Also, now that we have a moment alone, I would like to apologize,” he continued. “I’m terribly sorry all this had to happen. I blame myself for so much.”
I couldn’t see Robert’s eyes, but I could tell by his tone of voice that the words were sincere; he was in emotional pain. I could only imagine seeing my best friend become a monster. It would tear me up inside too.
“I could have stopped it. I could have put an end to it before it all began. But, I was too blind and naïve to see what was right in front of me. And for that, your mother suffered. She paid the ultimate price. I have never forgiven myself and vowed to be there for you. But once again, I have failed. I should have never put you in the position I did last night with Vicktor.”
“It’s not your fault,” I offered. “It was me who didn’t take your advice and run. I should have, but I didn’t. That’s all on me.”
“Yes, but you shouldn’t have been there in the first place. I let my own anger and frustration skew my better judgment. I so desperately wanted you to do what I could not: defeat Vicktor so I can sleep better at night. To exorcise some of my own demons. And that’s not right.”
Robert sighed and slowed the car down. We were finally entering the city, and traffic was becoming dense. He took a left, and I came to realize he really did know exactly where I wanted to go.
“When you face Vicktor again, make sure you don’t do it for your own selfish reasons. I know he has made it personal, but do it for the things that really matter. Always keep your eye on the prize. I have no doubt you will succeed.”
He eased the car to a stop just outside the entrance to the facility. I looked up and read the sign: Plainview Psychiatric Hospital.
“I’ll wait here in the car.”
“Thanks,” I said, as the door unlocked and ascended on its own. I hadn’t even reached for the handle. It really was a smart car. “Thanks for everything.”
Chapter 63
I took a deep breath and walked up the stairs to the entrance. The glass doors slid open as I approached, and I continued on into the lobby. I didn’t bother to look at the directory; I knew exactly where I was going. I’d been there enough times to know.
I walked to the reception desk and waited while the clerk finished with the couple in front of me. She seemed in no particular hurry. I glanced at the clock on the wall behind her.
6:08 P.M.
The couple in front of me moved to the door and was buzzed in.
“Can I help you, sir?” the clerk asked.
“I’m here to see a patient,” I said awkwardly, moving forward.
“Name?”
“Peter Reese.”
“Sign here.”
The clerk shoved a clipboard with a pen attached in my face.
“Do you have any food, beverages or sharp items on your person?”
“No, ma’am,” I answered feebly. I finished signing the clipboard.
“You’re all set. Visiting hours are over at 8:00 P.M. Approach the door and wait for me to buzz you in,” she said dryly.
I moved to the door as instructed and waited. The loud buzzer sounded, and I pulled the large metal door. I walked inside and approached the community area. Several patients were gathered there, most of them playing board games or staring at the television sets mounted on the walls. I spotted my father, Peter Reese among them, in his usual spot toward the front of the room.
I took a deep breath as I drew near. It had been almost a year since I’d been out to see him. I hated coming to this place, and my memories of him didn’t make it any easier.
I pulled out a chair next to him and sat down.
“Hello, dad.”
He didn’t respond, but I didn’t really expect him to. He continued to stare blankly at the TV monitor in front of him. That seemed to be all he could do after the nervous breakdown and subsequent stroke he suffered two years back. He hadn’t spoken a word in two full years. He was now only able to sit there and wait for someone else to feed and clothe him, day in and day out. But, I didn’t need him to speak; I just needed him to listen.
“I’m sorry it’s been awhile since I’ve came out to see you. I’ve hated you for so long because you weren’t there for me. You were so self-absorbed with your own grief that you never thought to consider how I was feeling. She was my mother too, and I loved her just as much as you did. You disappeared into a bottle while your son still needed you.”
I looked into his face and eyes, but didn’t see any sign that he’d heard a word I’d said. It didn’t matter; I needed to get it off my chest.
“I’m here today because I want you to know that I forgive you. I understand now how you must have felt and how hard it was to let go. I want you to know that I’m OK. I have actually found my birth mother, and she is alive and well.”
The last part was a stretch, but I decided to go with it.
“I want to thank you for raising me and providing a good home and solid environment. I wouldn’t be the man I am today without you.”
I stood and took his hand in my own.
“I just wanted you to know this in case it was the last time we ever saw each other,” I said. I wanted to add the part about having to go save the world from aliens, but didn’t want the orderlies to overhear and place me in my own padded room.
I turned to leave and released his hand, but I was surprised by the fact that I couldn’t. His hand closed over mine, and he squeezed it tightly. It was a definite sign that he’d heard my words and something to take faith in for his recovery. I was overjoyed. I looked into his face and saw the same emotionless stare, but a lone tear ran along his left cheekbone. I reached down and hugged him.
“I promise, if all goes well tonight, I will be back to see you. I love you, dad.”
I left the facility with a smile on my face, a tremendous weight lifted from my heart.
Chapter 64
We packed everything we needed and said our goodbyes. Saying farewell to people I’d only met just days before was harder than I thought.
I shook Robert’s hand firmly.
“You take care of yourself, Charlie.”
“I will.”
Then, Ms. Parkman was next. She motioned for me to bend down and hugged me dearly, planting a gentle kiss on my cheek. Afterwards, she took my hands and squeezed them firmly with her wrinkled and frail own.
“Be strong. And when things get tough, remember what matters most to you.”
I had no idea at the time what she meant, but I would find out soon enough.
Arthur approached me next, his fingers locked behind his back as he tugged on his pipe. He extended his hand, and I took it. He gripped my hand tightly and pulled me closer to him.
“You be careful out there. For both your sakes,” he said. He motioned to Kara who immediately looked away. “She’s pretty upset about something, but I know my daughter.” He looked me square in the face. “She really cares about you. I’m sure you two will figure it all out in time.
I nodded, unsure of what to say in response.
“Good luck,” he said and released my hand, giving me a slap on the back.
We departed the mansion in a somewhat somber mood. We were all equally nervous, but didn’t want each other to know. Freddy tried humor to lighten the mood.
“Hey Charlie, did you see me getting cozy with the science geek? She was totally into me. I even thought for a second there she might cry when we were leaving. I finally got her calmed down when I told her big daddy will be back soon.”
I smiled as we pulled out of the driveway. The night air was chilly, but the sky was clear; I could easily make out the Big Dipper through my window. I had a love for constellations. It was amazing to me how the stars formed to make complex designs of animals or objects. Kara was the driver this time around, and I felt much safer with her already than I ever did with the maniacal Nick behind the wheel.
I sat quietly next to her in the passenger seat of the van. Freddy and Nick argued back and forth in the rear about whether Brooke was truly interested in Freddy, so I took the distraction as an opportunity to talk to Kara.
“Look, I’m really sorry for what happened earlier.”
“You don’t have to apologize. I blame myself. I put my feelings out there too soon and you weren’t ready for it.”
She stared out the windshield and slowed the van as the estate security guard on duty raised the gate.
“That’s not it. I am ready. I’ve been waiting my whole life to feel this way. And I know I feel something special with you. But, I can’t dismiss how I feel about Allison either.”
“What do you think this is, Charlie?” Kara’s voice had become strained, and I could feel the waves of pain and frustration emanating from her. “Do you think this is a reality show? This is real life where people have real feelings, not some staged act to boost ratings.”
That one stung, especially because I hate reality TV. The one show based in Jersey really made my skin crawl.
“I already knew about you and her. I saw you out by the pool that night.”
I gulped hard.
“I admit, I was jealous at first. But I hoped that because of what we share it would make you forget about her,” Kara continued. “That was a very teenage way of thinking. I should have known better than that. I don’t know what we do about our current situation, but I won’t stand in your way. If you love her, then you should be with her.”
My heart sank.
“I truly wish I didn’t feel this way, Kara. These feelings I have for you are real, I know that. And I don’t know how we move forward from this, but I don’t want it to stand in the way of the friendship we’ve developed. If we had met in some other time, in some other place, my love would undoubtedly be yours. But right now, it belongs to Allison.”
I could feel the van accelerate as we moved through the city streets. Her foot grew steadily heavier to match her heavy heart. I knew what I said had hurt, but it needed to be done. She needed to know. There was no way I could string her along when I was already in love with someone else. The anguish I felt when speaking the words killed me inside.
She wiped absently at her face to catch an errant tear that had breached the confines of her eyelid and streamed down her cheek, but it was quickly followed by another. And another. I turned and stared out the window at the endless buildings that whisked by. I couldn’t bear to watch; each tear was like the pounding of a wooden stake through my chest.
Maybe that’s what I deserved. How could I hurt such an innocent flower? She only wanted the same thing I was looking for. Only, I couldn’t let go of Allison.
Chapter 65
“We’re here,” said Kara, easing the van to a stop. We were adjacent to the rear of a department store of some kind.
“Over there is where we will enter.” Kara pointed to a manhole cover about ten yards away. I scanned the area to make sure their entry would be undetected.
“Awesome,” griped Nick as he grabbed the door handle and slid the rear door open, jumping out onto the street.
“OK,” I said, checking my watch. “I have twenty ‘til.”
Kara checked her watch and nodded. “We’ll see you in fifteen.”
We both exited the van. Freddy climbed from the back and slid into the passenger seat. As Kara turned to walk away, I grabbed her arm.
“You be careful,” I said, staring keenly at her. We locked eyes for a moment, and time seemed to stand still.
“You too,” she replied finally and pulled away. I watched her for a second, and then hopped back in the van. I had to keep my mind clear for what was to happen next.
I pulled the van around the corner to the front of the department store and could see the entrance to the hotel a few yards away. It was a massively tall building with bellhops and valets out front busily shuffling about. Some were parking exotic cars I’d only fantasized about; others were assisting guests with their luggage. I parked the van across the street and switched the engine off.
“Are you ready?” I asked, looking over at Freddy.
“I’m ready.” He patted his jacket where a pistol Robert had given him lay hidden underneath. “Let’s go.”
We got out of the van and marveled at the hotel. I had to tilt my head back as far as I could to finally get a glimpse of the top floor. It seemed to be lost in the eternal sea of stars above. I wasn’t afraid of heights, but I wasn’t particularly fond of them either. I felt a shiver run down my spine as I remembered Vicktor’s words. I trembled at the thought of going up there to meet him again. But, I wouldn’t be alone. All my friends would soon be with me, and I was just as dependent of them as they were of me. And assuming everything went according to plan, we would hopefully escape with our lives.
We waited for a passing motorist, who seemed to be doing a bit of sightseeing himself as he strayed across the yellow line and barely missed side-swiping the van, not to mention us. I don’t know if it was the two door Maserati coupe convertible that commanded his attention or the pretty blonde with legs for days that exited the car in front of the hotel.
After the wayward driver passed, we headed for the entrance. My shoes felt like cement blocks as each step closer consumed me with doom. I had to stay focused though. I reigned in my runaway nerves and took a deep breath as we approached the lobby doors. An elderly, rather somber looking gentleman was standing there, silent and motionless like the Queen’s Guard at Buckingham Palace. His outfit even looked similar to theirs with the jacket a deep red color and four inch sleeve cuffs decoratively wrapped in gold piping. I could instinctively sense Freddy about to unleash a verbal barrage and wisely cut him off at the path.
“Save it,” I whispered out the corner of my mouth.
As we reached the entrance, the doorman sprang to action like a wind-up toy with a cheery smile and a jovial handshake for the both of us.
“Welcome to the Gateway Plaza Hotel,” he greeted us and opened the door.
“Thank you,” I said graciously, returning the salutation and entering the hotel lobby.
If I thought the mansion was extravagant, then the Gateway Plaza Hotel was the pinnacle of style. A large waterfall stood at the center of the lobby, which was adorned with black marble tiled floors. There were large structural columns and lavish luxury everywhere.
I looked around warily, my pulse rate steadily increasing. I tried to focus on anyone who appeared out of place, like the guy reading the morning paper in the bar area at 7:45 at night, or the woman on her laptop in the corner, who seemed more interested in everyone else in the room.
“Let’s go,” I said quietly to Freddy. “Try to stay calm. They already know we’re here. We are being watched.”
Chapter 66
We walked over to the elevator, and I pressed the button. I turned around and checked our six again as we waited for the elevator to descend, catching the newspaper guy touching his ear and whispering. Surprised as he noticed me staring directly at him, he tried to play it off casually by running a hand through his hair and returning to his reading.
The elevator chimed, and we entered. As soon as the doors closed, I reached into my jacket and quickly removed the electronic device Brooke had given me earlier. Our success depended greatly on it.
“Do you think it will work?” asked Freddy.
“It better because there really is no plan B,” I replied as I placed the device over the control box. Its purpose was to allow us to stop the elevator while giving the impression that we were still in motion.
“There, it’s in place.” I pressed the button for the third floor. “We have very little time, so I hope they are ready.”
The elevator shook slightly before ascending. Another light shudder moments later signaled we had reached our destination. Freddy and I both pressed our bodies on either side of the elevator as the doors slowly opened. I was fairly certain the coast would be clear, but I didn’t want to take any chances. I stuck my head out slowly and peered into the deserted hallway.
“Where are they?” I checked my watch as panic began to set in. A door to one of the rooms opened, and a rather gleeful family of four, complete with a cute little blonde with pigtails and her chunky, freckle-faced older brother, filed out, headed for the elevator. Just as they were about to cross the threshold, Freddy threw up his hand.
“Stop! Trust me, you don’t want this elevator. I highly recommend the stairs. Looks like someone could use the exercise anyway,” he said, eyeing the pudgy boy. His shirt was way too small, exposing the lower part of his belly that flopped over the much too large athletic shorts he wore.
The father stopped short and scoffed, corralling his family to him.
“How dare you!” he remarked in a much perturbed manner. “Management will hear of this!” he said, shaking a defiant fist at us as they hurriedly turned and headed for the stairs.
“Sure, sure,” said Freddy with an amused smile on his face.
“You have no shame do you?”
“Should I?” he asked. He feigned ignorance then flashed a sly grin.
Just then, a rustling sound could be heard down the hallway, and one of the overhead tiles from the ceiling fell to the floor. Kara dropped through the hole, followed by Nick.
“Hurry!” I pleaded, waving my arm furiously.
As soon as they were inside, Freddy put the elevator in motion once more.
“Everything go OK?”
“Please don’t ask,” Nick groaned and then fake-gagged. “I’m gonna need bleach therapy for weeks after being in that sewer.”
We all laughed.
“I feel your pain,” Freddy sympathized.
“How did things go on your end,” Kara asked. She leaned back against the wall across from me.
“So far so good. There were a couple of spotters in the lobby, so they are well aware I’m here. We need to be very precise with the next move. Freddy stop us on the nineteenth floor.”
Freddy obligingly pressed the button and stepped back.
“Nick, you ready?”
“You bet,” he said with an eager grin. “I’m ready to dish out a little payback. Besides, I miss my buddy Michael, even if he is sullen and broody most of the time.”
“Now remember,” I said firmly, “we are not here to try our luck against the full might of the Chirac. You only need to locate Michael and Allison, and then create a diversion so Kara can free them. Don’t forget that. Stick to the plan.”
“I got it,” he said with an exaggerated tone. “Take the stairwell up to the twentieth floor, find Michael and Allison, and lead the guards away so the princess here can do her thing. Piece of cake.”
Kara fumed.
“For once in your life, can you be serious and not such an arrogant prick? People’s lives are dependent on you. Do you understand the magnitude of the situation yet?”
Nick fell silent as Kara’s words struck home. “I understand,” he said quietly. “I’ll be right back.” He darted through the door and up the stairwell in a blur of green and blue from the jacket he wore.
I turned to Kara.
“Be careful and don’t take any unnecessary risks. If you need my help, don’t hesitate to reach out to me.”
“We will be fine, I’m sure,” she said, stepping off the elevator. “You take care of yourself, Charlie.” She flashed a cute smile. “You too, Freddy.”
“Yeah…th—thanks Kara. Same to you,” Freddy stammered in response.
Kara turned and walked toward the stairwell to wait for Nick. I watched after her as I pressed the button for the top floor and the doors begin to slowly close, before finally obstructing my view. I closed my eyes and silently prayed she would be safe, and that I would see her again.
Chapter 67
Freddy whistled through clenched teeth as the elevator jerked into motion.
“Man, I’d give anything for a piece of that action. She’s definitely one I would take home to mom.”
I didn’t respond, rubbing my palms together and feeling the small beads of sweat. My muscles tensed, and there was no denying my nerves were on full alert. I ran my hands along the legs of my jeans and tried to calm myself as we approached the top floor.
The elevator finally came to a stop, and the audible ding signaled that we had reached our destination. It reminded me of the old clock tower in a spaghetti western signifying high noon.
“Let’s go,” I said as the doors slid open.
Freddy followed, and I searched for access to the stairwell that would lead to the roof. I quickened the pace. We continued on past a merry young couple who’d obviously consumed more than their fair share of drinks; they stumbled and leaned on each other while laughing hysterically. Freddy wrinkled his nose in disgust.
“Whew!” he shrieked, waving his hand furiously in front of his nose. “Alcohol is supposed to be taken internally, you know!” he yelled after them.
I smiled politely as we passed a waiter delivering room service to an elderly couple next. Finally, I found the access door to the roof and tried the handle.
Locked.
I looked around, and as quietly and discreetly as I could, I pressed my left shoulder into the door while forcing the lock open with my mind. My abilities were starting to come as second nature to me. I opened the door cautiously and peered up the stairs. The coast was clear.
“Let’s do this,” said Freddy.
I nodded in agreement and we made our way up the stairs and into the unknown. Hopefully, we weren’t taking the proverbial dead man’s walk to our own demise. I started to second guess bringing Freddy along. Vicktor was already a formidable foe, but having to watch Freddy’s back could prove costly. What was I thinking? If something were to happen to him, I would never forgive myself.
There was no time to dwell on such thoughts as we reached the top of the stairs and paused at the door. I looked back at Freddy, who only grinned and winked to signal he was ready. The guy didn’t have one single special ability, but he was ready and willing to walk into the mouth of uncertainty with a smile on his face.
And then, I realized I was wrong. He did have a special ability. One more valuable than all the others combined. He possessed courage, which at that very moment was shining through brightly. He was my airport runway lights on an overcast night. Tremendous pride swelled in me that such a good friend stood proudly by my side in the face of such adversity. A newfound confidence invigorated me. I was ready to fulfill my destiny.
Chapter 68
I grasped the knob and pushed the door open, cold gusts of gripping wind enveloping me as I stepped onto the roof. Vicktor stood off to the side, surrounded by several men. They were tinkering with the Orion device I’d seen on the hologram earlier. It looked even more daunting up close. Maybe it was the smoky vapors seeping from it. But, it was much smaller than I had imagined, no taller than seven feet or so in height. The device seemed to be preparing for launch. Freddy and I exchanged a worried glance.
Vicktor slowly turned away from the device. His arms were folded across his chest, and he brandished the same enchanting smile as before.
“So you made it. And I see you didn’t take my advice and come alone,” he said staring at Freddy with amusement in his eyes. He shrugged. “Oh well, what can I expect? Kids never listen to their parents.”
His words made me cringe in disgust.
“I’d say you were a pretty poor excuse for a parent.”
Vicktor chuckled lightly.
“I’m sorry my absence may have caused you some daddy issues, but I’m trying to rectify that now. I’m extending the olive branch of friendship to you. We can be a family as we were meant to be. If you would only acknowledge the silver spoon in your mouth. You simply need to bite down, and everything will be yours.”
“Don’t listen to him, Charlie,” Freddy whispered out the corner of his mouth.
“You see, Charlie,” Vicktor continued, “when you play by the rules of the world, it becomes your prison. When you play with no rules whatsoever, no constraints, the world becomes your playground. Are you ready to play? Are you ready to take my hand and join me in making this dream a reality?” He swept his hand toward the Orion device towering in the background. “With you at my side, no one can stand against us.”
I stood my ground.
“I told you before, and I will tell you again. I will never join you. This is madness, do you not see that? This device may work on a few select humans, but what about the others? Have you thought about how many could die?”
“What are you talking about?”
“The people of Etheus were far more advanced and could withstand the effects of exposure to the Orion device. Humans are a much more primitive race in comparison and the effects could be catastrophic. Who knows what could happen, what abominations would result from your actions?”
Vicktor only shrugged, totally unfazed by the potential destruction of all mankind.
“Well, how does that famous Earth saying go? You have to break a few eggs to make an omelet. So fitting, don’t you think?” He flashed a radiant smile.
How could a man with such a brilliant mind and strong ideals turn into a maniacal cold-hearted bastard? I was convinced he wasn’t the same man my mother once loved, at least not in any way that mattered anymore. He was only Vicktor, the vicious and brutal leader of the Chirac who had a burning desire to destroy everything I’d ever known. I couldn’t let that happen, not while there was still breath left in my body.
“I won’t join you, and I won’t let you do this to the people of Earth. I guess that leaves us with only one option.”
“Oh, you think so do you?” Vicktor asked, arching his eyebrows in mocked surprise. “I tend to disagree. You see, your mistake was coming here thinking that you actually had a chance. That your feeble words would somehow change my mind, maybe due to some misplaced paternalistic instinct. Well, sorry to disappoint you, Charlie, but I don’t have it. And, I’m not going to take my ball and run home. What kind of leader would I be? I will, however, give you one last chance to walk away. Take your friend there, and get as far away from here as you possibly can.”
“I can’t do that,” I replied forcibly.
“In that case, my son,” Vicktor said with instant hostility and an icy glare, “you will die.”
The uniform sound of several rounds being chambered was unmistakable; over a dozen armed henchmen surrounded me and Freddy, each with their weapon trained on us. Then, a loud, almost deafening, humming sound erupted as several Scanners, too many to count, appeared and formed a circle above us, each with their menacing infrared lights at the ready.
“Is it too late to change my mind and go back to the mansion?” Freddy asked, reaching into his jacket for his weapon.
My eyes scanned the roof rapidly.
How were we going to get out of this one?
Chapter 69
I clenched my fists so tightly that the nails nearly drew blood from my palms. As fast as I could, I grabbed Freddy by the waist and hurled him into a pile of boxes behind a partial metal structure that jutted out from the roof about twenty feet to my left. He was going to hate me for it, but at least he’d be safe. I was severely outnumbered, but determined to take as many with me as possible.
I rushed at the armed henchman nearest me, and with a quick, accurate chop to the throat, he was down. The Scanners immediately sprang into action, ascending higher above the roof. I picked up the assault rifle dropped by the downed henchman and quickly destroyed two of the Scanners to my right. I had to keep moving. I wasn’t as fast as Nick, but with any luck I could make myself an extremely difficult target for the Scanners to get a bead on.
I did a barrel roll to my left and came up firing once more, hitting one henchman in the arm and another squarely in the chest. As they each went down, I dropped the assault rifle. The clip was completely empty. I had to depend on my abilities now.
Rushing toward another henchman, I dodged a hail of gunfire from his muzzle as well as repeated energy blasts from the Scanners trying desperately to land a shot. Without thinking, I leaped into the air, performing a near perfect somersault and landed behind him. I snatched the weapon from his hands and brought the butt of the rifle down hard on the back of his head. He crumbled face down on the ground in front of me.
Everything was a blur now as my only focus was on staying alive. The henchmen seemed to multiply as each one I took out was replaced by two more, all with the wanton desire to rip me limb from limb. I engaged another poor soul that made the mistake of moving in too close to me and brought my elbow down hard on his neck. A group of three others to my right took the opportunity to flank and surprise me. I was ready for them though, extending my palm, and by telekinesis, sent them reeling backwards into several others advancing on my position. But, before I could recover, I was overwhelmed by several of the remaining henchmen. They steadily piled on top of me, one after the other as if I was a fumbled football on the game-winning drive of a championship game.
I thrashed and fought back, but I was subdued now; fighting back seemed to be of no use. One of the henchmen placed my neck in a tight stranglehold. I struggled for short gasps in order to draw a breath. My eyes felt as if they’d pop right out of my head at any moment; my consciousness began to dwindle and collapse. I could see Vicktor’s smiling face from beneath the pile which infuriated me to no end. But, struggle as I might, I could not move.
A broad-shouldered henchman positioned himself in front of me with his rifle raised high above his head, the butt of which was headed for an ugly collision with my face. As I clenched my eyes shut, all I could think about was how bad it was going to hurt.
But, the blow never came.
Chapter 70
I heard a commotion a short distance away and shouts of confusion rang out upon the rooftop. I opened my eyes to see my would-be assailant lying on the ground, motionless, a few feet away. Thick smoke rose from a hole that was seared into his ballistic vest.
I glanced up to see a beautiful sight. About thirty yards away, Michael, Kara, and Nick were all engaging the armed henchmen and Scanners. Even Freddy had joined the fray, grabbing a body near him and landing a devastating head-butt. The henchmen who’d piled on top of me earlier seemed to have all but forgotten about me now as most of them turned their attention to the new threat. That was unfortunate for those who remained and were determined to hold me down.
I shut my eyes, and with all the strength I could summon, I flexed my arms and sent the four henchmen flying in each direction like a dog’s chew toy. I fought my way back to where the others had taken up position, and we battled furiously side by side, each covering the other’s back. I realized at that moment how important it was for us to fight together as a unit. Each of us possessed something the others did not. And together, we formed the ultimate weapon.
I looked to my right as Michael brought down two Scanners in a fiery blaze. To my left, Nick was almost comical as he zipped back and forth, engaging the attackers with speed and precision. At one point, he even went so far as to tie the shoestrings of two of the henchmen together and watched with his arms folded as they stumbled and fell over one another.
I bet you’re glad to see us.
I observed as one of the henchmen clutched his head suddenly with both hands and dropped his weapon with a look of pure terror in his eyes. Without hesitation, he raced to the edge of the roof and threw himself over.
Your handiwork I’m guessing? I asked Kara telepathically.
Hey, the way I look at it, they all have it coming.
I can’t argue with you there.
They were planning to do a lot worse to me, I was sure of it.
We need to take out those remaining Scanners, or this will be a very short reunion.
I’m on it.
There were at least seven Scanners remaining, and they were making it increasingly difficult to gain any ground; they moved to form a semi-circle around Vicktor and the Orion device. He’d dropped the arrogant smile, replacing it with a look of anger as he yelled at the men frantically working on the device. We had to stop them before they could launch it.
I closed my eyes once more. I could clearly envision the Scanners. I reached out with my mind and could sense each and every one of them while they hovered in the night sky above. Opening my eyes, I watched as the Scanners expanded their flight pattern and abruptly turned and flew toward each other at full speed. The machines were destroyed on impact and fiery debris rained upon the rooftop. Vicktor barely dodged the wreckage as he darted away just in time.
“Give it up, Vicktor,” I said. “There’s no need to continue this. We have the advantage now. There is no more need for violence or bloodshed.”
He sighed and smoothed his suit with each hand.
“My son, when will you ever learn? Have you stopped to think that maybe…just maybe, I have you right where I wanted you all along?”
Dozens of Chirac henchmen poured onto the rooftop and surrounded us. Grouped behind them stood a pack of young derelicts that would make any grown man nervous. From the looks of them, I could only assume they were the ‘supers’ Nick had mentioned.
“Now, who has the advantage?” Vicktor asked and laughed dryly.
“Nobody panic,” said Freddy anxiously as we all huddled closer together, our backs pressed firmly against each other. “I’m sure Charlie has a plan. Right, Charlie?”
“Um…I’m working on one,” I said.
“Well, work harder before we’re all reduced to skid marks on this rooftop,” Nick pleaded.
I didn’t know what to do honestly. If this were a game of chess, I would be staring down the barrel of checkmate. There was no possible move to make without sacrificing at least one of us. And that wasn’t a thought I was willing to entertain. It appeared I had been outsmarted and played right into Vicktor’s hands. Then, just as it seemed all hope was lost, the strangest thing occurred.
Chapter 71
A whizzing noise was audible directly above us. Due to my recent number of run-ins with the Scanners, I instinctively dismissed it as Vicktor adding further insult to injury. Boy, was I ever wrong.
To my disbelief, I looked up and realized the noise was actually the sound of The Great Standeval. He twirled his cane rapidly above his head, creating a vortex of wind similar to a helicopter blade, before landing directly in front of me. Before anyone on either side had a chance to react, he slammed the cane down hard on the rooftop. The resulting shock wave knocked most of Vicktor’s men clean off their feet. A red holographic depiction of a large dragon-like creature swooped down and snatched several others up in its large talons. The flame-engulfed beast soared up and dropped them over the side of the roof. It then circled a few times before dissipating into thin air.
“Well, that was pretty cool. And definitely unexpected,” I said. I looked out over the multitude of downed Chirac henchmen. They resembled toppled pins in a bowling alley. A perfect strike from an unexpected, but most welcome ally.
Standeval leaned on his cane and, in fitting mockery, he performed a half curtsy, tipping his bowler hat in Vicktor’s direction. Well, almost a perfect strike. Vicktor was still standing and glared at Standeval, his eyes now cold and filled with malice.
Standeval turned to face me and extended his hand along with a warm smile.
“I couldn’t just sit back and let you have all the fun now could I? I am in show biz, remember? And, this is the biggest stage in town. Besides, it appeared as though you could use a little help.”
“You will regret your involvement, I promise you,” growled Vicktor. His shoulders heaved up and down to match his wrath.
Standeval sighed and addressed Vicktor, twirling the cane between his fingers.
“Maybe,” he conceded. “But at least I won’t regret standing by and doing nothing anymore.”
Then he turned to me and grabbed my wrist, his hands like ice.
“Thanks for showing me the way and reminding me what it means to have honor. It’s up to you now. Your friends and I will take care of these thugs. Restore our planet’s legacy and save Earth. Bring him down.”
I nodded and stepped toward Vicktor, past the groggy and disoriented Chirac who’d just began to stir. This was it. I drew a deep breath as I approached him. My right arm ached badly, but I wasn’t about to let on that I was injured. Vicktor would surely exploit the fact if he knew about it.
I thought back to all the events that had led to this moment: the hypnosis, the kidnapping, meeting my mother for the first time. Everything had led to this exact moment.
The inevitable clash with my father, Vicktor.
“So this is it, huh?” His tone was crude and disingenuous. “The moment everyone has been waiting for. Time for the prodigal son to reclaim his birthright, to live up to all the lofty expectations. Well, I’m sorry to disappoint you. There is no pot of gold at the end of this rainbow. There is nothing here for you but ruin, pain, and anguish. You have made your choice, and you will die for it.”
He motioned toward the device.
“But, let’s make things a little more interesting shall we? How about I give you a choice?”
“I’m not interested in your games. I came here for one reason and one reason only. To take you down and bring an end to this.”
“Well, that’s just the kind of choice I’m referring to. Please, just humor me.”
Vicktor spoke softly to one of the Chirac henchmen next to him who had risen back to his feet. The man nodded and whispered into his radio, too low to make out the words.
“That device,” said Vicktor, pointing to the simmering rocket, “is set to go off in fifteen minutes. Once it reaches the atmosphere, there is nothing anyone can do to stop it.”
He climbed to the edge of the roof and waved his arm.
“Here is your choice.”
My jaw dropped as two henchmen approached Vicktor with Allison squirming in their grasp. Where had she come from? My mind raced while I tried to figure out how she could still be in Vicktor’s custody if Michael and the others were here. Why didn’t they tell me?
I’m sorry, but there was no time. She wasn’t there when we rescued Michael, and he had no idea where they might have taken her. Had we known, we would have gone for her.
Kara’s words did nothing to stifle my discontent as anger and rage coursed through my body.
“Bring her to me,” Vicktor commanded. He held out his hand and pulled Allison up onto the roof’s edge next to him. He clasped her by the neck and pulled her close. Sweat formed on my forehead as I clamped my fists and tightened my jaw.
“The choice is yours. You can either save her or save this world. Pretty simple really when you think about it. One life or the lives of millions. I think that’s fair.”
He stared at me and checked his wristwatch. My heart pounded as I contemplated the situation. Save Allison, the girl I loved dearly, or, save the world.
“Oh, and did I forget to mention?” Vicktor added. “You don’t get the luxury of weighing the pros and cons of your decision. Your time is up.”
He looked from me to Allison, studying her bewildered face and stroking a lock of her disheveled hair between two fingers. Allison looked at me. I knew she was scared. I wanted to be able to tell her that things would be OK, but I wasn’t so sure.
And then, Vicktor did the unimaginable. With one last ominous look expressly for me, he released his grip on Allison’s neck and shoved her over the side of the building.
Chapter 72
Without hesitation or fear for my own safety, I raced up to the ledge past Vicktor and dived off the building after Allison. Her screams filled the cold night air and rushed up to greet me as I tried desperately to catch up to her. I had no idea what I was doing or why I was doing it. All I knew was that she would not die because of me.
I pressed my arms firmly to my side and tucked my chin just as I’d seen skydivers do on T.V. I’d always thought it foolhardy to jump out of a perfectly good airplane, but here I was, leaping off the roof of a thirty story building. At least they had parachutes.
As I zoomed past each floor, I caught glimpses of the people inside going about their normal routine. On one floor in particular, a cute little kid with curly red hair had his chocolate-covered face pressed against the window. He was nearly frightened to death as first Allison dropped like a stone in front of him, and I followed closely behind her. He shrieked and screamed for his parents as he backed away from the window in fear.
I was slowly gaining on Allison, and she finally noticed me, for a brief second looking as puzzled as one could be while falling from a high rise building to their imminent death. I pressed my arms even tighter, inching closer and closer to her. I don’t know why at that particular moment exactly, but I recalled the first time I’d read Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet. I remembered thinking how implausible the story seemed, to have two lovers who would take their own lives for each other. But, now I understood the underlying logic. They were star-crossed lovers who simply wanted to be together no matter the cost—in life or death. And if death was to be my endgame, then so be it.
Finally, I caught up to her and wrapped my arms around her body. While the ground raced up to greet us in our final moments, we stared into each other’s eyes. No words were exchanged; there was no need for them. We both knew exactly how the other person felt.
Then, suddenly I could hear my mother’s voice in my head. It was as clear as day, just as if she’d whispered in my ear.
You don’t have to die, Charlie. She doesn’t have to die. You can save her.
Something inside me seemed to come alive with those words. It washed over me and had a calming effect. Somehow, I knew my mother was right.
I could save her. And we didn’t have to die.
Less than twenty yards from fatal contact with the hotel’s sidewalk, I jerked Allison upward and instantly found us climbing through the air. I couldn’t believe it.
I was flying!
Chapter 73
I continued up, past the rooftop, and the looks of awe upon the slack-jawed faces as we flew by. I changed course and soared away from the building, the wind blowing the hair back from my face. I was an eager puppy hanging from a car window. The view was beautiful, and the city was magnificent from above. I chose a quiet rooftop nearly a mile away from the Gateway Plaza Hotel and descended softly before setting Allison down gently on her own two feet.
“How did you do that?” she asked. She’d been holding on to me tightly as we flew, and even now, on solid ground, she still held a firm grip on my left arm.
“I’m not really sure. I had an impulse feeling that I could fly, and it just happened. I started flying.”
That was mostly the truth. Similar to most of my abilities, I’d discovered this one while under extreme duress. I wondered whether I had any other abilities that would manifest soon. Couldn’t hurt with what I had to do next. Although, I didn’t know if anything could top flying. It was one heck of an adrenaline rush.
“You’ll be safe here. I need to get back to the others and stop Vicktor before he can launch that device.”
“Go ahead; I’ll be fine.”
She pulled me in close and gave me an appreciative hug and delicate kiss on the cheek. Then, I had the strangest notion that something was different between us somehow. Something I couldn’t see clearly. It was as though my mind knew something that my heart and soul did not. I brushed the matter away instantly. I had more pressing things on my plate.
I left Allison and flew back in the direction of the Gateway Plaza Hotel. At the rate of speed I was traveling, the cars and people below were just a distorted image to me. I had to make it to that device and shut it down or destroy it somehow. Vicktor was smart and had caught me off guard once already, so I had to be careful.
I reached the hotel and shot up the side of the building like a bullet. As I neared the roof, I could hear shouts above the hail of gunfire. I slowed just as I reached the top, and Vicktor was there glowering above me. There was no smile on his face this time. Nothing warm and inviting to betray the cold layers underneath. He looked at me as one looked at trash upon the sidewalk.
“So, I see you have manifested new abilities. I wasn’t sure whether you could fly, but I was willing to take that chance to get rid of you. It appears we will have to do this the hard way instead. Let’s put those powers of yours to the test, shall we?”
He placed his arms out to the side and began to hover over the edge of the roof.
Vicktor could fly too!
Chapter 74
Before I could lift my jaw off the floor, Vicktor hurled a blast of blinding white energy toward me. I wheeled backwards just in time to dodge the ball of light before another headed my way. I wasn’t swift enough to dodge the second one, only managing to throw my arms out in front of me to cover my face. The blast hit me squarely in the chest, knocking me back forcibly and rattling every bone in my body. It took a few seconds to regain my balance and recover my breath.
Vicktor flew at me, hurling blasts of energy in rapid succession. From the ground below, it must have looked like fireworks on the Fourth of July. This time, though, I was ready. I dodged each blast easily and ripped off two large flag poles from the top of the building with telekinesis. I lobbed them with tremendous velocity as though they were javelins. But he simply threw up a hand and deflected them, just as one would swat a harmless fly. I was flustered by my ineffectiveness. After several minutes had passed, Vicktor paused, and I took the opportunity to recover and catch my breath.
“Your skills have greatly increased. I am impressed,” he said with a droll smile. “But enough playing around. Let’s see what you’ve really got.”
Vicktor flew upon me so fast that I had little chance of countering. He landed a crushing hard right to my exposed jaw with the impact of a sledge hammer and stunned me good. A swift blow to the midsection next forced me to double over in pain. Vicktor grabbed me, lifting me over his head with little effort, and flung my limp body with ease. I crashed through a window of the hotel, the glass shattering instantly. Thankfully, the room was unoccupied.
I staggered to my feet and stumbled before catching my balance on the nightstand next to the bed. I brushed loose pieces of glass from my hair and clothing. Beating Vicktor with strength was out of the question, I realized painfully. I needed to use my speed and wits to my advantage before I was beaten to a pulp.
I looked out the window to see him hovering several yards away, just waiting. I leaped through the destroyed window opening and streaked toward Vicktor with incredible speed. Focused, I planned each move precisely, throwing a powerful right which he dodged, but following quickly with a left uppercut that found its mark perfectly.
Vicktor was the one reeling this time, and I was on him in an instant, unleashing a flurry of combinations and counters to his weakening attacks. We traded blow after blow, and I started to sense his frustration as the cockiness slowly faded from his demeanor. I was his equal, and he suddenly realized it. But, I needed to end this thing quickly, before the Orion device detonated.
After landing a stout blow to Vicktor’s cheek, I delivered a hard kick to the chest. Overconfidence soon got the better of me; my next blow wasn’t nearly effective enough, and Vicktor easily sidestepped the lackluster effort. I’d gone to the same well one too many times, and I was defenseless and vulnerable now. He didn’t hesitate for a second, quickly grabbing me by the ankle and flinging me towards the ground with shocking strength. I tried to brace myself for the fall, but too late. My body tore through the soft red canvas of the large hotel awning and slammed into the roof of the beautiful blue Aston Martin parked beneath it. Luckily, no one was inside. The breath escaped my body at the same time the car’s frame wilted and folded upwards from the force of the collision, spraying fragments of glass, plastic and metal everywhere.
Screams of terror and panic erupted from the crowd of spectators that had gathered at the hotel entrance to see the strange light show in the sky. I tried to sit up, I but couldn’t. I coughed and bright red blood spurted onto my tattered jacket. I managed to roll to my right side and slid off what little remained of the luxury car and onto my knees. How I’d survived was beyond me.
There was a bright flash and clicking sound as one of the more daring onlookers leaned in for a candid photo of me with his camera phone.
That wasn’t good.
The crowd gasped and stepped back several feet as Vicktor touched down in front of me. He grabbed my jacket and dragged me to my feet. I was helpless and unable to fight back.
“Do you see this?” he yelled in my ear. “Do you see how they gather to watch? This is entertainment for them. They don’t care about you. Two million views on an internet website, that’s all you are to them.”
He let go of my jacket and instead grabbed me by the throat, holding me inches from his face. It was befitting of a dog that had disobeyed its cruel master.
“These people are mindless rats with no particular use whatsoever, but that will change in just a few short minutes. They will soon be the army I need. Too bad you won’t be around to see it.”
He turned his wrist and glanced down at his watch.
And that’s when I struck. I bought both fists down hard on the arm that gripped my throat and broke free. With all my might, I hurled a powerful blast of intense blue energy that nailed him squarely in the abdomen and chest. The force was so strong it knocked him backwards and into the wreckage of the Aston Martin, flipping the car over as well. The pendant underneath my shirt was glowing brightly and felt warm against my skin. I removed it from beneath my clothing and stared at it. I wondered if it had something to do with the tremendous energy I’d just channeled.
I walked over to Vicktor, ready to dish out more punishment, but he was slumped over on his side, his eyes half-closed. I grabbed him by the shirt collar and raised my fist in the air.
“Do it.” He wiped a trail of blood from the corner of his mouth.
“You’re not worth it.” I let go and watched him slump back to the ground.
“This isn’t over,” he vowed.
“It is for you.”
“Where did you get that necklace?” Vicktor moaned as I turned and walked away. “I’ve seen it before….”
I ignored him. He was no longer my concern.
Chapter 75
Vicktor was beaten. I’d done the impossible, but I couldn’t finish it. No matter how evil and demented he was, I couldn’t bring myself to do it. Besides, he wasn’t going anywhere, and I needed to shift my focus to stopping the device.
I soared into the air and flew toward the roof. The Chirac along with the ‘supers’ had been easily defeated by Kara and the others, thanks largely to the unexpected aid of Standeval. They were gathered around the device, and I made my way over to them, landing softly beside Kara.
“Where’s Vicktor? Did you kill him?” Standeval asked leaning casually on his cane. The others also eagerly waited for me to answer.
“He is no longer a problem,” I said bluntly. “We need to focus on the bigger issue, and right now, that’s this device.”
Standeval whistled lightly to himself. “Boy, when you have a snake in your crosshairs you don’t just wound him. You make sure and cut off his head. Vicktor will be back. You can bet on that.” He twirled his bowler hat in his hand a couple times before loosely placing it on his head. “I myself have extended my stay here too long as it is. I’m sure you fine folks can figure out the inner workings of such a simple piece of machinery without my assistance. If you need me you won’t know where to find me, but I’ll find you!”
Before I could raise a complaint or try and convince him otherwise, he slammed his cane down and with a dazzling array of light encircling him, disappeared into the night. The man certainly knew how to make a dramatic exit.
I looked all around the device, but there wasn’t a switch or a console to access and shut it down. It appeared this was Vicktor’s plan all along. He knew, no matter what I did, I’d never be able to shut it down in time. I frantically searched the device once more, hoping against hope that I might have missed something. The boosters underneath began to sputter and fire. Time was running out.
Freddy rushed to my side.
“How do we stop it?”
“I don’t know,” I said soberly. “You should get off this roof and away from here as fast as you can. It looks as if Vicktor has won after all. The last thing I need is for you to be affected by this thing.”
“I’m not going anywhere, and I refuse to believe you can’t stop this thing,” he yelled over the mounting roar of the boosters. “I believe in you, Charlie.”
He began to search the device as well, running his fingers along the device’s outer hull.
Then, I had an idea. It wouldn’t stop the device from detonating, but maybe it would neutralize it. If I could just get it out to the river and submerge it deep underneath the surface. It just might work.
“I think I found it!” Freddy said, elated as a small compartment opened casting brilliant white light. I felt an uncomfortable tingling sensation and reached out to try and stop him, but before I could, it was too late. The compartment closed abruptly, trapping Freddy’s hand inside like a mouse trap. It was a decoy meant for anyone tampering with the device. Freddy struggled desperately, but no matter how hard he tried, he could not pull his hand free.
“Be still!”
I tried to free him, but it was no use; time was against us.
“Well, I guess you really are going to see this thing through to the end.”
“I’m with you, buddy.”
“Do you trust me?”
Freddy paused.
“Yeah, of course. Why?”
“Then hold on tight. This might get a little rough.”
I wrapped one arm around his waist, and with the other, I gripped the Orion device firmly by one of its cylindrical support beams. I had no choice but to take Freddy with me.
I shot into the air with the speed of a patriot missile, streaking across the night sky with a shaken Freddy in tow.
“I understand the urgency, but do you have to go so fast?” he screamed, trying to carry his voice over the wind swirling around us.
I didn’t answer, scanning the landscape beneath us for my target. The device started to vibrate and made a series of beeps in a rapidly increasing fashion.
“Um, whatever you’re gonna do, it better be soon.”
I sped up, flying as fast as I could. Finally, I saw my destination, the Grand River stretching for miles beneath me.
“Freddy, this might be a little unpleasant, but we have no choice. I promise I will save you once this is over, but for now, the device has to be neutralized. I can’t let it go off in the atmosphere.”
“Let’s do it.”
We exchanged a long and mutually respectful look, each silently hoping it wouldn’t be the last time we saw each other.
Then, I nosedived toward the cold and murky waters.
Chapter 76
Thick, green smoke began to escape from the vents along the sides of the device.
“Try to hold your breath!” I yelled.
I raced toward the water and tilted the device beneath us so it would break the surface first. Hitting the water at the speed and distance we were traveling could be catastrophic to a human body, not to mention my own, possibly. I closed my eyes and held my breath just before we entered.
The water was extremely frigid as we splashed through. I could feel it in my bones as we sank further and further beneath the surface. I opened my eyes and noticed Freddy was unconscious. I turned my attention to the device. It had started to release the green gas just before impact, but hadn’t fully detonated yet. Now that it was safely underwater, I didn’t want to be around when it did either.
I worked anxiously to free Freddy’s hand. The water around us began to bubble a menacing green hue as more and more gas escaped the device. The situation was made even grimmer by the fact that I wasn’t able to free him, and I knew I couldn’t hold my breath much longer. I had one final option: my telekinesis.
I studied the compartment that entrapped Freddy’s hand, willing it to open with my mind. After close to thirty seconds, and with a combination of forceful tugs and telekinesis, he was free! Rapidly losing consciousness myself, I grabbed him by the back of his shirt collar and swam as fast and as hard as I could toward the surface. The water temperature was causing my limbs to go numb while I fought for safety and fresh oxygen. I also needed to get plenty of distance between us and the device.
Swimming with my free hand and legs that felt like dead weights, a slow steady rumble was heard, then felt. I struggled against fatigue and the horror of what was to come. But, it was too late.
The shockwaves from the explosion rippled through the water and hit us full force, propelling both Freddy and I skyward, out of the river. The last thing I remembered before I blacked out was the horrific sound of someone screaming. And, I’m not so sure the screams weren’t my own.
Chapter 77
“Hey, Charlie,” I heard a soothing voice whisper. “Welcome back.”
I struggled to open my eyes and take in my surroundings. I didn’t immediately recognize anything around the small, quaint room except for Kara’s beautiful face leaning over me. She was smiling, but I could tell by the slight wrinkles at the corners of her eyes that she was worried.
“Wh…where am I?” I rubbed my throat. It felt as if I’d been scraping the back of it with sandpaper.
“Don’t try to talk too much,” said a warm familiar voice to my right.
Ms. Parkman rose from her chair and calmly folded, then placed the wool quilt that had covered her legs on the seat.
“What happened? Where am I?”
I strained to sit up. Kara quickly placed a pillow at the small of my back for support.
“What do you remember?” Ms. Parkman asked.
“Not much. I remember tangling with Vicktor, then trying to stop the device and…wait. Where’s Freddy?”
An uncomfortable silence fell over the room. Ms. Parkman and Kara traded a foreboding look that made my stomach turn.
“We are not sure. You were found by Nick and Kara along the banks of the river. You were unconscious and in pretty bad shape when they found you. They searched for Freddy, but unfortunately, they did not find him. We brought you here because the mansion is no longer safe.”
My head spun with a million thoughts. My best friend in the whole world was missing, and I had no idea whether he was alive or dead. I made him a promise that I would save him. And then I broke it. There was no hesitation about what I had to do.
“I have to go look for him.”
I tried to rise from the bed, but Kara held me down firmly by the shoulders. She was much stronger than she looked. Plus, the excruciating pain I felt all over ensured I didn’t put up much of a fight.
“He would do the same for me,” I argued.
“You are in no condition to leave this bed or do pretty much anything,” Kara said rather sternly. “Besides, we need to keep a low profile right now. It’s not exactly a good time to be showing your face in public.”
“What do you mean?”
Kara reached for the remote next to the bed and flipped on the T.V. My stomach knotted when I saw the images. There was raw footage of Vicktor and I fighting above the Gateway Plaza Hotel and the candid photo that was taken of me after I totaled the Aston Martin. It didn’t take the guy with the cell phone shot long to cash in on the discovery of a lifetime.
“Oh, wait,” Kara said, pressing a button on the remote. “It’s on every channel.”
“But, I saved the world. Why do I need to hide?”
“For exactly that reason,” Ms. Parkman interjected. “What you did was a courageous and selfless act. But humans will not see it that way. It is in their nature to fear what they do not understand. Our only choice right now is to go into hiding. There is no way to determine how much they already know.”
Her words stung like a bee. Not only was my best friend missing, but I would have to turn my back on everything and everyone I ever knew. My face was on every media outlet in the world it seemed. I couldn’t so much as go out for a cheeseburger without garnering attention now. This was not at all what I expected. My heart was heavy with sorrow.
“Arthur and the others are providing new identities for the four of you,” Ms. Parkman continued. “You will have to go completely off the radar. We do not yet know what awaits our race in the near future here on Earth. It appears the Chirac have scattered in all directions and Vicktor has disappeared once more.”
“I should have finished him when I had the chance.” Standeval’s warning rang in my ears; my teeth clenched at the thought.
“No one blames you for that. You did the honorable thing. That would have been a tough choice for anyone in your position.”
“But it wasn’t anyone else’s responsibility. It was mine, and I failed.”
“That is not true. How do you measure success vs. failure?”
“I don’t know,” I admitted.
“Neither do I. Nobody really does. I personally believe that you can fail many times, but if you succeed just once, no one will remember your shortcomings. And trust me, what you have done has inspired our people in a way I have not seen since long before we departed Etheus. Word has spread like wildfire of what you did last night.”
“I wasn’t alone.” I looked at Kara who smiled, then blushed.
“We have a long way to go before we can truly and safely call Earth home. That is why, until that time, you must be protected.”
Ms. Parkman moved to the door.
“Come Kara, let’s give him some rest.”
Ms. Parkman left, and Kara moved to follow, then paused. She returned to the side of the bed and knelt beside me.
“I am truly sorry about your friend. I know how much he means to you. I wish we could have kept looking, but it was too dangerous to risk it. The military was all over the place. They came out of nowhere and started conducting their own search of the area. I’ve never seen anything like this, Charlie.”
She reached out with her hand, and I took it, feeling the fear and uncertainty.
“It’s OK. We’ll get through this. And, if I know Freddy, he’s probably somewhere with his feet up, enjoying a drink and having a good laugh about me being all over television.”
I laughed, then grimaced from the pain in my ribs. I could only hope that was the case, and my best friend was truly safe and out of harm’s way.
Kara lightly touched my arm and kissed my forehead gently. I suddenly felt warm and tingly all over. And, amazingly I started to feel much better.
“I’ll be right outside. Just yell if you need anything.”
As she left and closed the door behind her, I turned my head and gazed out the window. I thought about her and the strange and complicated relationship we seemed to have. I thought about Allison and whether or not we had a future together. I certainly couldn’t expect her to hit the road with me and live in hiding for God knows how long. Then, I remembered the feeling I had experienced the night before with her. Sort of like my time had come and gone. I had missed my opportunity, and the train had finally left the station. She suddenly had another love interest, and it wasn’t me. Certainly not Nick. I couldn’t see her making the dumb jock mistake again after Matt Mitchell. Michael maybe? Had I been too preoccupied with everything else to see what was happening right in front of me? They did spend a great deal of time together while being held captive.
I shook my head and laughed, gently this time for my ribs’ sake. I was being paranoid, I was sure of it. There was no reason to believe such a thing. I needed to rest. Everything would sort itself out in due time.
I watched a flock of birds flying in the distance through the window. I recalled how I’d been flying over the city myself, just as they did now. A lot had changed since Freddy convinced me to attend that fundraiser. I could only wonder what else was in store for a young orphan boy from the planet Etheus.
I grasped the medallion around my neck and held it gently between my fingers. No, I wasn’t an orphan. I had a mother who loved me dearly and had sacrificed everything for me. And she was just a heartbeat away.
I recalled how I was able to channel such tremendous energy during my battle with Vicktor and the part the pendant had to play in it. There was more to the precious stone than it seemed. I would have to bring it up with my mother when I saw her next. But for the time being, I needed to rest.
I rolled away from the window and closed my eyes with a smile slowly broadening across my face. No matter what challenges awaited me here on Earth, I would, with the help of my newfound friends, face them all head-on.
It wasn’t long before I soon drifted back to sleep.
Epilogue I
The room was all abuzz. The tension that had been mounting could easily be felt in the air. This was, after all, an important day in the history of mankind. Maybe the most important ever.
Around the table sat the department heads of the FBI, CIA, DHS, and various other government agencies with similar alphabetic arrangements to their name. There wasn’t much conversation between them, save for the usual faux banter and pleasantries which were customary as none of the agencies really trusted each other. But today was different. The events of the past few hours had been monumental, groundbreaking to say the least. They would have to set aside their differences and work together in order to face this new threat.
The door swung open, and a large elderly man with rimmed eyeglasses and a dark blue business suit entered. His hair was neatly trimmed, and the hardened look on his face confirmed the fact that he was all business.
The other men around the table promptly stood.
“Mr. Secretary,” they each said in unison.
“Please, gentlemen. Take your seats.”
Secretary of Defense William Proctor set his leather-bound notebook down and took his customary seat at the head of the cherry oak table. His top aide, a young woman with fiery red hair, walked around the table and handed each department head a manila folder with the words TOP SECRET stamped in bold red letters across the front.
“I’ll cut straight to the chase, men. In front of you are classified documents and photos that prove we are not alone in this universe. Until now, this information has been kept strictly off the books and need-to-know only. However, with the events at the Gateway Plaza Hotel in downtown Grand Rapids, Michigan, things have changed. We have been tracking the whereabouts of a number of these extraterrestrials for years, but we had no idea they existed in such great numbers as we now know. Or, that they possessed such great and destructive power. We have gone to great lengths to confiscate all photographic evidence and have effectively convinced all media outlets that this was all just an elaborate hoax.”
Secretary Proctor looked around the room as each man studied the documents and photos.
“I don’t think I need to tell you what this means. We have no idea what these beings want or what they are doing here on Earth. At this point, my only concern and focus is this nation’s security. Any potential threat to that safety must be neutralized and contained.”
He paused as his aide turned on the conference room monitor and the LED screen lit up with still images of a sprawling Victorian-style mansion.
“Early this morning, we took steps to address this matter. Delta squads raided a property near Grand Rapids and have uncovered a rather complex network already in place for what appears to be quite some time. No one was found on the premises, but they did recover some valuable information and leads that, as we speak, are being investigated.”
Secretary Proctor nodded slightly to his aide who went to the next set of images.
“Some of you may recognize these photos. They were taken in Roswell, New Mexico in 1947.”
There was hushed commotion as the images flashed across the screen.
“What you didn’t know, and what I’m making you aware of today is this: the wrecked alien aircraft was manned and there was a survivor.”
The next image flashed across the screen and was barely discernible, but was clearly that of a humanoid.
“The farmer who took this photo was paid considerably to keep this fact to himself and out of the local media. We’ve been able to clean up the image using digital enhancement technology.”
The next picture was much clearer and showed a tall man with blond hair running away from the crash site. Except for the tattered spandex-like clothing he wore and the strange metal box underneath his arm, he looked entirely human.
“This photo was taken on June 14th, 1947. Miss Adams, start the feed.”
The aide pressed a button on the remote, and the screen went blank for a second. Then a video image appeared. A man was seated in a large metal chair, similar to the ones used in prisons for convicts sentenced to die by electrocution. His hands and feet were securely fastened with large metal bracelets, and IV tubing ran from his left arm to a bag filled with a strange-looking opaque solution. He appeared to be entirely incoherent. Two armed guards with fully automatic weapons stood guard to the rear.
“Look closely, gentlemen.”
The conference room burst into an instantaneous uproar as the camera slowly zoomed in on the man’s face.
“The man you see before you is indeed the same man from the photo in 1947, over sixty years ago. As you can see, he has not aged a day. He was apprehended near the Gateway Plaza Hotel and flown immediately to a secure location off the coast. We have reason to believe he may have been trying to employ some type of doomsday device. The President has given me full authority to do what needs to be done. This is our planet and our country, gentlemen. We must protect it at all costs.”
“Inside your packets are photos and information on what we know of the other ‘visitor’ at the scene of the Gateway Plaza Hotel. He goes by the name of Charles Reese. He may appear young and innocent, but I assure you, he is very dangerous. I task each and every one of you to throw your full resources into tracking him and his associates down. He is now America’s Public Enemy No. 1.”
Epilogue II
“Jeez, do we have to listen to that God-awful music?” Barry Whittleson groaned. He checked the day’s flowchart casually before placing it back on the wall. He brushed his thick moppy hair back over his left ear, regarding his co-worker with a look of disgust.
“Why do you have to be such a buzz kill? Everybody likes Marilyn Manson,” replied Randy Taylor in his usual stoner-guy tone over the blaring music. He was tall and wheat thin, a perennial underachiever and quite frankly, rather proud of it. His life’s ambition was to own his own smoke shop and partake in the ‘medicinal’ herbs he spent most of his free time enjoying. This current job was just a go-between for him, an opportunity to pay the bills until he could afford the lease on the corner lot of 18th Street he’d been eyeing for months. He’d even tried to talk his buddy, Barry into joining him on the business venture, but that was quickly shot down.
Barry didn’t like taking chances if it meant stepping out of his comfort zone. He’d been working here solidly for six years, yet he was still stuck on the same graveyard shift with slacker Randy. He wondered if it had anything to do with his abrasive demeanor, or if their boss, Dr. Kim, just flat out disliked him. He was almost certain it was the latter.
“It’s creepy enough in here without you having to play that painful excuse for music.” Barry looked around the room and felt a shiver run down his spine. Maybe it was the temperature in the room that elicited the response. Even after six years, he still wasn’t used to being in here. Still, he had to admit it was an easy job.
“So who do we have the pleasure of checking into our wonderful hotel tonight?” Randy didn’t seem to have a problem with the place at all. In fact, he seemed to even relish it at times. Maybe he was too brain-dead to know any better or just really didn’t care. Either way, and much to his own chagrin, Barry usually chose to play along.
“Let’s, see,” Barry said, grabbing the clipboard once more. “Over here we have a forty-eight year old bank manager by the name of John Grover, who died of a massive coronary earlier this morning.”
“Oh, that sucks. The poor guy should have lain off the fried foods,” Randy sneered. He walked over to the sheet-covered gurney and callously lifted the bottom of the linen to crosscheck the toe-tag against his own list. “We have a Mr. John Grover here; that is a check.” Randy moved on to the next gurney.
“Next, we have a seventy-two year old man by the name of Chester Douglas,” Barry continued. “Says here he was found in his bed by the housekeeper around twelve ‘o’clock. Probably passed away in the night.”
“Ah,” Randy mused. “When I check out that’s the way I want to go: in my sleep after a wild night of partying.” He emphasized the “partying,” and Barry rolled his eyes.
“Chester Douglas, check.”
“And our last guest of the night is actually a John Doe.”
“Oh, really?” Randy’s eyebrows raised, and he slid over to the gurney with newfound enthusiasm. John Doe victims were pretty rare, and they were usually the morgue’s longest visitors while local police tried to identify the bodies. They were routinely unsuccessful, and the bodies then made the short trip to Saint Mary Hospital’s basement crematorium.
“Yep,” Barry answered. He thumbed through the pages on his clipboard. “Unidentified African-American male in his early twenties with severe head trauma. Looks like he was found by some local fishermen and pronounced dead at the scene by responding paramedics.”
Randy took the sheet covering the deceased man and lifted it back completely.
“Man, this dude was pretty big,” he marveled. He checked the toe tag and said, “Yep, he’s our John Doe alright. I wonder what happened to him.”
“No idea. And that’s not our job,” Barry cautioned. He was constantly reminding Randy they were not licensed coroners or medical examiners as he so frequently loved to portray. It was sort of a game for Randy to try and figure out how the victims died and if foul play was involved. It wasn’t Burt’s thing though, and he thought it pretty disrespectful to the recently deceased. To play disturbed front desk manager at the Bates Motel was one thing, channeling Quincy M.E. was quite another. The madness had to end somewhere.
“Why do you always have to be such a sourpuss?” Randy asked, lowering the sheet. He didn’t see anything wrong with guessing a victim’s cause of death. And besides, it helped to pass the time and made things interesting.
Ignoring him, Burt said, “We need to get these bodies into the refrigeration units before you can take your lunch break. And, you need to run the dirty instruments up to Sterile Supply. Dr. Kim will be here in a few hours to do the autopsy on the big guy there, and you don’t want him to be without his tools again do you? You remember what happened last time.”
Randy mumbled irritably under his breath. He threw his clipboard on top of the sheet-covered John Doe and grabbed the metal sides of the gurney, wheeling it past the stainless steel operating tables in the middle of the room before stopping in front of the refrigeration units. He referred to them as meat lockers personally.
Burt wheeled one of the other gurneys over, and together they placed the bodies into separate refrigeration units and closed them, securing the latch. Randy then brought the third and final gurney over and they repeated the process.
“I’ll take the instruments up on my way to lunch, if that’s OK with you, boss man.”
“I don’t care when you do it, so long as it gets done,” Burt answered matter-of-factly.
Randy muttered something barely audible again as he grabbed his lunch pail from the mini staff refrigerator and his coffee-filled thermos from atop the counter. Burt was really working his nerves tonight. Good thing he had that small joint hidden neatly inside his lunch pail. He usually reserved it for times like these.
Suddenly, the overhead lights began to flicker uncontrollably, and the music on the radio changed to ear piercing static. Randy froze in place. Burt hurried over to the radio and flipped it off.
“What’s happening?” Randy was extremely nervous. He wasn’t overly superstitious, but he secretly hoped it wasn’t a vengeful spirit looking to exact a little punishment. His rate of breathing increased, and he instantly regretted all the things he’d said and done recently within those four walls.
“I don’t know. Some sort of electrical surge, I guess.”
Burt remained calm. He’d seen and heard all manner of things in his six years in the morgue. It would take more than a few flickering lights to rattle him.
The radio switched back on, and the ear piercing static filled the room again.
“What the heck?” a startled Burt remarked. He bent over and unplugged the radio, but the static only continued. Burt dropped the cord and slowly backed away from the radio. He was rattled now; there was no doubt about that.
The lights began to flicker at a much faster rate, before a couple of the fluorescent bulbs exploded loudly, raining tiny shards of white glass on the tile floor. Shaking now, Randy inched closer to a petrified Burt and jumped backwards, startled as they bumped into each other.
Then, to make matters worse, an even stranger thing occurred. The tinniest sound, almost like someone knocking or tapping lightly at a door, could be heard. And then the sound became louder and louder, echoing off the cold, white walls. Burt and Randy both looked bewildered once they each realized where the sound was originating from. They huddled closer together, each wanting to run as fast as they could, but glued into place by an unseen force that wouldn’t allow them to.
The knocking sound stopped abruptly, and the door to one of the refrigeration units flew open, nearly ripping it from the hinges. First, one hand, and then another clutched the sides of the unit before a man’s naked body emerged through the opening. He lowered himself to the floor and stood erect.
It was the John Doe.
Randy’s jaw dropped, and a slight yelp escaped his lips. He dropped the coffee-filled thermos, and it clanged off the floor before coming to rest a few feet away.
I really need to quit smoking, he thought to himself.
The large man walked toward the two terrified and trembling hospital employees. He didn’t even acknowledge them. He seemed to be in a sort of trance or hypnotic state as he continued past them. Burt thought he noticed a greenish tint to the man’s eyes, but he couldn’t be sure. He wasn’t really sure of anything at the present moment.
The remaining fluorescent lights flickered, then shattered in unison, sending the room into total darkness, except for the dim light that crept in through the lone window of the morgue entrance.
And then, he was gone. The radio stopped blaring the incessant static, and the room was suddenly deathly quiet. Burt and Randy both peered through the darkness, unable to believe what they had just seen.
Wh…where did he go?” Randy whispered nervously.
Burt squinted and tried to let his eyes adjust to the darkness before answering.
“I don’t know. I think he just…disappeared.”
“That’s impossible.”
Burt sighed. “Impossible? Did you see what just happened? I never saw the door open, did you? So he either disappeared or he’s still in here.”
Burt cautiously walked to the door and pushed it open, slowly. He gasped and jumped back. The lights in the hallway started to flicker, and the audible sound of glass shattering could be heard.
“What is it? What did you see?” Randy asked.
Burt exhaled deeply and leaned against the wall clutching his forehead.
“I think it’s safe to say he’s not in the room anymore.”
“So where did he go?” Randy persisted. He knew the only way on or off the floor to the morgue was with a special key that activated the elevator.
“He just….” Burt cleared his throat. “He just walked through the wall and disappeared.”
