The Apocalypse Collection
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2016©, The Saber, Aletta Smith, Adelise M. Cullens
Published by Ink Blood Publishing
*~*~*

All Rights Reserved. This Book May Not Be Reproduced, Transmitted, or Stored In Whole or Part or In Part by Any Means, Including Graphic, Electronic, or Mechanical Without the Express Written Consent of the Publisher Except In The Case Of Brief Quotations Embodied In Critical Articles and Reviews
*~*~*


Table of Contents
*~*~*
Spore
Adelise Cullens
Genome
The Saber
Earth’s Final Cry
Aletta Smith
*~*~*
Spore
*~*~*
Day 11
The smell of her mother’s blood was thick in the air. Chandra couldn’t help but taste it as she screamed. It was sticky and warm on her arms as she cradled her mother’s head and rocked back and forth. She had stopped bothering to put back the intestines that had spilled from her mother’s belly. It was too late. There was no going back now.
Chandra wiped the hair away from her mother’s open, lifeless eyes and cried. The blood smeared across her mother’s pale forehead, bright crimson in the fading light. 
She didn’t want to do this alone. 
Chandra pulled herself together and kissed her mother’s forehead in a bloodless patch. She thought about her mother’s last words. ‘Okay, Mum. Like the ants … Like the ants …’
*~*~*
Day 1
Ch4nd4P4nd4 shot the uniformed man three times in the back of the head before he went down. It was super satisfying. Especially when she heard the tortured cries from Wowfood come through the headphones. 
‘Why?’ he cried. Chandra laughed, she knew she had been picking on Wowfood that morning but, she felt he deserved it, somehow. 
‘Man up, Wow. Just try and kill me back,’ she said to his desperate sobs. 
‘Fuck you,’ he said in a thick English accent. Chandra often wondered if they were speaking the same language. 
‘Hey, hey, hey, Wow. Watch the language around the lady,’ said XxluckyscarsxX.
‘Eat a dick, Scars,’ said Chandra. ‘I ain’t no fuckin lady.’
‘You’ll ruin his daydreams, Panda,’ said SleepandDestroy.
‘Shut your face hole, Sleep. Oh! I can see you!’ said XxluckyscarsxX.
‘What? Where the fuck are ya?’ said SleepandDestroy.
‘Boom!’ said XxluckyscarsxX. ‘Right here!’
Chandra laughed as her avatar ran past the virtual slaughter of her friends. 
She glanced up at the clock on the wall above the TV in her room. It was time for the day to start. ‘See ya, sexy nerds,’ she said and signed off to the sounds of ‘bye, Panda!’
Chandra took off the headphones and packed away her laptop. Standing up in front of the mirror, she tried to fix her messy mop of hair. She changed out of her unslept in pyjamas and pulled on her jeans and a Batman T-shirt. Dressing up for her mother or the cows was not something of importance, neither would notice what she was wearing.
Walking out into the kitchen, Chandra could hear the distant buzz of static coming from her mum’s workspace, a sign the she was already up and ‘working.’ 
Two glasses of milk where ready, sitting on the kitchen counter. Chandra chugged one, then wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. It tasted normal to her now. She left the other on the kitchen bench where her mother would come and gather it soon. 
The cows were bellowing in the field and they came dawdling over when they heard the screen door slam behind Chandra. She knew she had to milk the girls today, but she was tired and didn’t feel up to it. Maybe she could convince her mother to do it for her? She laughed to herself at this absurd thought and just continued on her way to the shed where she piled the hay onto the back of her modified quad bike and hoped on.
She rode out into the paddock, longing to let the bike loose, but she had to feed the cows first. Driving along slowly, Chandra threw the bales off the back in sections, spreading it out for them. Once she was finished, she drove back to the chicken coop as fast as the little quad would allow. Feeling the wind on her face, she had to force herself not to close her eyes to the wonderful sensation.
Mornings were good. Mornings like that one. Where the air was fresh and crisp, autumn kissing her cheeks and whispering secrets of winter in her ear. And they were only made sweeter by the ominous and inevitable arrival of night time.
She parked the quad and went into the chicken coop, the hens flustered about and clucked noisily. Chandra hushed them and tutted soothing sounds as she gathered the still warm eggs into the front of her T-shirt. 
On the way back to the house she stopped at the veggie patch, knowing her mother would want some carrots to munch on through the day. 
She took the produce back into the house and boiled the eggs, leaving two on the counter, steaming hot, next to the empty glass of milk. Her mother had come out to the kitchen while Chandra had been outside. 
She put the carrots in the sink and started up the hallway to where the laundry was. 
‘Fungi … Fungi … Fungi …’ came her mother’s usual mantra from the workspace. 
Chandra thought she better check on her, just in case.
She peered in and saw her mother sitting at her desk, foil cap on her head, orange jumpsuit on, gas mask dangling around her neck. The past middle-aged woman sat, thumping her head with the butt of her palm. ‘Down with the ants …’ she mumbled. ‘The cows. Cows … Keep us safe, Cows …’ 
Nope, everything appeared to be normal.
‘Good morning, Mum,’ said Chandra.
‘Good morning, Buttercup,’ said her mother, turning to her and beaming. 
‘Your eggs are cooked and on the table,’ said Chandra. 
‘Of course they are. Are the cows happy?’ said her mother. ‘Happy cows. Happy cows. Keep us safe,’ she mumbled.
‘Yes, Mum, they’re very happy.’ Chandra tried to leave.
‘Can you smell it?’ her mother asked.
Chandra sighed. ‘No, Mum. Not today.’
‘Nothing sweet?’
‘Nope. Nothing sweet.’
Her mother looked away. ‘Not today … Not today …’ she rubbed her belly as if she were hungry.
‘Mum, you should eat,’ said Chandra.
‘Not today … Not today …’ was all the reply her mother gave.
Chandra knew she would get off her chair in approximately twenty minutes and go peel an egg and eat it whole. She wasn’t saying she wouldn’t eat. She was talking about the other thing. The thing that was coming – according to her mother.
‘Mum, I’m putting a load of laundry on. Do you need me to wash anything?’
No answer. That was the limit of the morning’s conversation. 
Chandra shrugged and trotted off to the laundry. She put on her clothes then settled down in her bedroom in front of her laptop. 
She rubbed her face in her hands and thought about what she would do for a coffee. Maybe when she went to work she would sneak one. But her mother would smell it on her breath and lock her in the quarantine room for a week again. It wasn’t worth it. 
Although, at least she got to sleep in the quarantine room. 
She thought about it only for a moment longer before she smiled and shook her head. 
She opened her laptop and her work book and began her day’s studies. She would break in three hours to go milk the cows and maybe squeeze in a power nap. Then back to studies for another three hours. Another power nap, then work. Maybe try to jump over to the gym for a little while. 
Just thinking of her daily ritual made Chandra tired. 
She wondered, in the back of her mind how long she could keep up this lifestyle. The one she’d kept since her mother’s incident. How long would it be before her mind snapped like her mother’s? 
*~*~*
In a city somewhere, a man sat at his desk. He thought of nothing. His tie was at an obtuse angle, but he had no idea. His job was to sit and wait for the mission. 
A young girl walked in with a skirt so short it showed the shadow her buttocks made on her thighs. She was disappointed because over the last few days her boss had taken no notice of her. He was much more concerned about the piece of paper she held in her hand. 
He didn’t look excited or happy or anything really. His face held no emotion as he took the paper from her hands, signed it then handed it back to her.
He spoke slowly, unsure of his own language. ‘Make sure this is sent off straightaway. This order needs to be immediate,’ he said.
The girl nodded and exited the room, pulling her skirt down to a more decent level and wondering what she had done wrong.
All the man knew was that he had to sign that piece of paper so the new organic pest control could be used on all of his crops. He knew that this was necessary for his company. He knew the entire world would be better off for it.
Then something in his mind changed. All of those thoughts went away. 
He stood.
He forgot his name or where he was. He forgot who the children were in the photos on his desk. He forgot everything that had come before this moment. All he knew was that he needed to climb to the top of the skyscraper he was in.
He walked carefully. He had time.
He made sure no other humans saw him as he made his way up the stairwell. He walked up to the earthing spire and climbed it as high as he could. Then he just clung there.
But in the back of his zombie mind the real him was there, wondering why his head hurt so bad. Inside he was screaming in pain as his body felt like it was being torn apart. It would be days before it ended.
*~*~*
Day 2
Chandra ran on the treadmill. She pumped her arms. Allowed the music to control the pace of her workout. Her skin shivered with sweat as her endorphins kicked in and she felt the gym junkie rush hit her and she sighed and made herself run harder.
Two girls dillydallied on the treadmills next to her. Their walking speed barely an afternoon stroll. She tried to ignore them, tried not to watch them in her peripherals nor eavesdrop on their conversation, but sometimes you can’t take the school yard out of the girl.
‘Oh my god, did you see Shaun’s post?’ said one girl.
‘Yahuh!’ said the other.
‘He was texting me all last week and sending me dick pics and everything and now he is all like look at all dem cuties. What the eff?’ said the first girl.
‘He sent you dick pics and you didn’t show me? Rude!’ said the other.
They looked through the photos and giggled, all still while strolling on the treadmill. ‘OMG! His dick’s weird looking,’ said the other girl.
‘I know right!’ said the first.
‘What’re ya gonna do? Ya gonna fuck him?’ said the other.
‘Oh, I did,’ said the first. ‘I might just post something cute. I’ll take a selfie n say something like getting all sweaty with the boys #gymjunkieforlife.’
Chandra called it. She had run enough. She felt she was only getting stupider from simply being around the conversation. She wiped down the treadmill and wiped her face with the other side of the towel. Bypassing the showers, she headed straight for the front door, towel slung over her shoulders.
Ricky, the gym’s manager, stood in front of the door, his sheer bulk preventing her from exiting. 
‘You can’t get away that easily, Chandra,’ said Ricky. ‘You know you owe last month’s payment.’
‘I know, Ricky. I’m good for it. You know I am,’ she said weaving to the side, trying to squeeze past him. He put his big arm across the door frame, she was trapped. She looked up at him. He had that look in his eyes. The look that all men get. Did he find out? She knew it would only be a matter of time before this safe place was ruined too. 
‘Chandra.’
She put on an innocent face. ‘Ricky,’ she pleaded.
‘Next week. Okay?’ he said and she breathed a sigh of relief. ‘Why don’t you at least try the new stuff I got in?’
‘No thanks,’ she said.
‘Aww, c’mon, it’s all natural and organic.’
So is Strychnine, she thought. 
‘It’s called Cordyceps,’ he said.
Chandra, who’d been almost about to make her escape, stopped dead in her tracks. She turned around and held her breath.
‘Look, it’s really neat. You just cook em up and eat em like they were mushrooms,’ he said showing her a bag of two-inch-long grubs with the familiar Cordycep bloom erupting from their ends like an alien tentacle. All crumpled and dried and dead. 
Ricky opened the pack and put his face inside. He took a big inhale through his nose. ‘They smell so good! Like something sweet, like …’
Cinnamon, thought Chandra.
‘Cinnamon or something,’ he said. ‘Here have a smell.’
Chandra was still holding her breath. She shook her head and slowly backed out of the door. When she was in the open air she took a breath and yelled into the gym, ‘Maybe next time, Ricky. There are some girl’s upstairs on the treadmills that might be interested.’
He smiled at her and sealed the bag but Chandra was already gone, her car was already started. She tried to stop herself from hyperventilating. 
Don’t be stupid, she told herself. ‘It’s nothing … It’s nothing …’
She drove straight home, running two red lights on her way, knowing that the cops were not there and there were no cameras. 
Visions of her childhood home, before it was the farm, flashed in her mind. They had no paintings or photos on the walls like normal families. Her family’s walls were spotted with box frames containing specimens. Pinned and preserved tarantulas and moths, scorpions, ants, caterpillars and giant grasshoppers. But none in their natural state, all of them had been infected with the Cordyceps fungi and had died as the beautiful, coloured shoots of the fungi had broken through their exoskeletons, blooming into many different shapes and patterns.
Chandra had often stood staring at the dead arthropods, their corpses held a grotesque type of beauty that was diminished only slightly by the horror of their demise. 
Chandra knew, because her mother had explained it to her and her sister many times, that the Cordyceps spores would infect the arthropods, turning them into zombies. The infected would wonder around, seemingly aimless and then would climb to a high up place, attach themselves to something and wait to die. They would still be alive when the Cordyceps fungi would bloom, bursting out of their tiny bodies, feeding on their insides, creating the beautiful death sculptures that her family displayed on their walls. 
Chandra remembered one day running down the hallway chasing her little sister. Charlotte squealed with delight as her blonde ringlets bounced with each step. They had received Nurf guns for Christmas and they were play fighting, taking shots at each other. One of the foam bullets blasted out of Chandra’s toy gun and hit one of the box frames in just the wrong place, sending it swinging off the wall and smashing on the tiles below. The glass and frame shattered and the sunset orange tarantula spun out onto the tiles, coming to a stop at Chandra’s little feet. An odour permeated the air. Thick and dusty and sweet, musky and earth and syrupy, hot cinnamon scrolls born of the earth and dirt. 
Their mum had come running out of her office. Chandra looked at her sister and then at her mother with fear, but her mother only shook her head and smiled. Her baby sister came to stand beside Chandra, stroking her back.
‘Do you smell that, Buttercups?’ her mother had said as she swept up the glass and wood, as she bagged up the tarantula, spikey sunset coloured fungi covering it’s little body like antlers sprouting from its thorax and abdomen and legs. ‘That, my babies, is the smell of the end of the world.’
Chandra got home, went straight to the shower and got in, clothes and all. She made the water so hot it scolded her skin.
‘Just in case … Just in case …’
She put her clothes in the wash then washed her hands and got dressed.
She took two steaks out of the freezer and cooked them up with some vegetables from the garden. The smell of the beef cooking made her stomach heave.
The more normal things she did, the more she forgot about the gym and the smell of the fungi. 
Her hair dried. Her clothes went through the rinse cycle and everything was fine.
Chandra went into her mother’s office and watched her a few moments. Her mother looked through a microscope and tapped a pen repeatedly on the top of her foil hat. It made a crinkle, crinkle sound every time it struck.
‘Cows … Cows …’ her mother muttered.
‘Diner’s ready, Mum,’ she said finally.
‘Ants … Ants … Ants …’ said her mother.
‘Mum?’ Chandra said a little louder.
‘Hmmm …’ said her mother, looking up at her. The gas mask around her neck flopped from side to side.
‘Dinner’s ready,’ said Chandra.
‘Oh! Yummy!’ said her mother, clapping her hands a little.
They sat at the dinner table. Chandra looked at her steak. Its name had been Betsy. 
Her mother shovelled in the steak and veg. Her free hand tap, tap, tapping on the wooden table.
‘Inside … Inside …’ she mumbled past the Betsy flesh.
Chandra closed her eyes. She didn’t want to eat the steak. She wanted a burger or a sandwich. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d had bread. She felt under the table at her hip bones that jutted out, cutting into her black work pants.
‘What’s wrong, Buttercup?’ her mum said, looking up from her food.
‘I don’t think I can eat it?’ she found herself saying and automatically regretting. Her mother’s knife and fork clanged on the table. 
‘But … you must,’ she said.
Shut up … Shut up … Chandra told herself. 
‘I can’t eat it! I want normal food!’ she said.
‘But … the cows? The cows will keep us safe …’ said her mother.
‘Mum. Everyone eats normal food and they are fine,’ Chandra said.
‘But …’ her mother’s voice began to shake and her eye began to twitch. ‘The cows … they will keep us safe.’
‘No, I want normal fucking food,’ said Chandra against her will.
‘BUT THE COWS!’ her mother screamed and stood up. Chandra flinched as her mother’s chair went flying and clattered against the tile floor. ‘I MUST KEEP YOU SAFE!’
Chandra stared at her mum who was pacing back and forth in short bursts, smacking herself in the forehead with the heal of her palm. 
‘NO! NO! NO! THE COWS WILL KEEP US SAFE! THE COWS WILL KEEP US SAFE!’ screamed her mother.
Chandra hated herself. She rushed to her mother and tried to stop her from hitting herself. ‘Mum! Mum! It’s okay!’
Her mother screamed louder. ‘LIKE THE ANTS! LIKE THE ANTS! THE COWS WILL KEEP US SAFE!’ 
Chandra held her mother tightly as they both collapsed to the floor, rocking back and forth. She stroked her mother’s hair out of her face and hushed her. ‘It’s okay. The cows will keep us safe …’ she said to her mother.
‘The cows will keep us safe … It’s inside … The cows will keep us safe … The cows …’ her mother whispered.
Chandra closed her eyes. Stupid … Stupid … she thought. 
‘Yes, Mum.’
‘Where’s Charlotte? I want Charlotte,’ said her mum. 
Me too, mum, me too.
*~*~*
The barflies hung in the stinking, sweaty air of the pub. Their dreary unfocused eyes watched Chandra walk back and forth behind the bar. 
She glanced up at the clock even though she could tell the time by the slurs of the regulars’ speech. Not long now and she could knock off. Go home and check on her mother, make sure that tonight’s sleeping pills had worked well.
A slam of a glass on the bar brought her stare back to the front. Larry, a balding middle-aged douche bag who ran the local service station stood staring at Chandra’s chest. He always stunk of booze and fuel, no matter what time of day it was. Chandra wondered how his wife slept in the same room as him.
‘Hello, Chandra,’ he slurred, blinking hard and swaying away from the bar a little. ‘Lovely night, isn’t it?’
She hadn’t seen him in there, nor any of her other customers. She had begun to think that she could get away with not working longer tonight. ‘Nope,’ she said. 
‘Naawww, c’mon, Chandra. Don’t be like that,’ he said, closing his eyes. He swayed. ‘Are you working later?’ he whispered, kind of, with his eyes still closed. Chandra thought he might’ve forgotten to open them after blinking.
She stole a look at the tip jar. It was looking pretty malnourished. ‘I might be. Seeing as though you n all your mates in here seem to tip alike.’
He finally opened his eyes and licked his lips. ‘Mmm …’
‘whadoya want?’ she said trying to keep her voice low.
‘Just the norm,’ he said, looking at her like he was inspecting a new car.
‘You know, Larry, you can just go up the highway and get your dick sucked,’ she said.
The thought of it made her feel sicker than the Betsy steak had. She turned away from him, but heard him sigh, a deep guttural sound. 
‘Yeah, but you is all clean.’ She could hear his wet tongue running over his chaffed lips again. ‘One day, Chandra, I’ll offer you the right amount … then you might let me fuck that tight, skinny arse of yours.’
She breathed in and counted to three. She clenched and unclenched her fists then put a smile on her face and turned around.
‘You know what, Larry. Something just came up. I don’t think I’ll be working tonight,’ she said, snatching the empty out of his hand.
‘Oh what!’ he said, indignantly. ‘Don’t be like that!’
‘Yep, and you know what? I think you’ve had enough. Time for you to go home to the wife,’ she said.
‘Nooo,’ he whined like a toddler.
‘Out, Larry!’ she said raising her voice.
‘Come on you fucking slut! Stop being such a prude! A whore’s a whore,’ he yelled. 
She walked over and picked up the phone that hung between the Jack Daniels and the door to the bistro. ‘Don’t make me call your wife to come pick you up,’ she said. She could feel the eyes of the barflies trained on her. Only a handful of them had known what she was willing to do to make ends meet. Had.
‘Ah fuck you, you stupid whore,’ he said as he stumbled out the door. 
‘Get home, Larry!’ she yelled after him then looked around at the flies. ‘What’re you all looking at? You want me to call your wives too?’ A negative murmur went through the barflies and they all went back to staring at the bottoms of their glasses.
*~*~*
Day 3
Quality control was normally a busy place in the plant. But recently it had turned quiet. The workers stared off into the distance. Their bodies working as if they were puppets, their puppet masters some far off things. 
Quantum Control the far off things called it. Once a host was infected it was easy for the strangers to gain control via their Quantum Entanglement Regulators. Connecting one brain to another.
The bottles of water passed inspection. They all did. In all the plants. Even if they did smell strange to the humans.
They’re plan was working well, better and quicker than they had expected. The humans were such naive, trusting, gluttonous creatures. It wouldn’t take long. But the strangers were patient anyway. They had done this so many times before. It was inbuilt into their genes. The humans would have called it instinct. 
They wouldn’t even have to wait for total extinction. The humans were so weak they would only have to knock off sixty-seventy percent of them before the invasion, then they could harvest.
The far off beings were rallying for the next phase already.
*~*~*
Day 4
If a cow’s skull cracks open in a forest and no one’s around to hear it, does it make a sound? The answer is yes.
The heifer had been standing at the top of a peek. The hot sun rose in the east, waking the woods from its nightly slumber. The heifer’s legs were bloody and her hooves cracked from the difficult climb. She was far away from home. The heifer’s eyes were glassy but her mind was still in there somewhere. In the deep recesses of her brain she was scared and confused. She didn’t understand why she had been so thirsty, so hungry. She didn’t understand why she could no longer control her own body.
Now, as the twisted grotesque thing grew out of her skull, as it snaked slowly out of her belly to anchor the still living creature firmly to the high rocky outcrop, she didn’t understand the pain. And she didn’t understand why the light from the freshly rising sun was now fading.
*~*~*
Ch4nd4P4nd4 closed her eyes a moment and just listened to the chaotic sounds of her friends and the gun battle and the explosions. She felt her consciousness slipping and did nothing to stop it.
‘Panda!’ she heard Wowfood’s voice in her ears. ‘Panda? Is it true?’
‘Hmm?’ Chandra opened her eyes and saw that her avatar was walking into a corner of a building, bouncing back and forth, trying to push through where he could not. ‘What?’ She rubbed her eyes.
‘About your mum. Wow wants to know about your mum,’ said SleepandDestroy.
‘What do you want to know?’ she asked, backing her avatar out of the corner and running up some stairs. She swapped guns to her snipper riffle. She was too tired to watch her little man run around. Even her thumbs were tired.
‘Is it true your mum is Dr Margret Swanson?’ asked Wowfood.
‘Is it true your name’s gay?’ said XxluckyscarsxX.
‘No, seriously, Panda?’ said Wowfood.
‘Yeah, my mum’s Dr Margret Swanson. Why?’ she said, looking through her avatar’s sight, waiting for one of her friends to enter the crosshairs.
‘How could you not have mentioned that!’ said Wowfood.
‘Would you really expect me to be like hey, my name’s Panda, my mum’s famous,’ said Chandra rubbing her eyes and yawning. She picked off SleepandDestroy. 
‘Ow! Who the fuck was that?’ asked SleepandDestroy.
‘Me,’ she said.
 ‘Shit! Shit! Shit!’ said XxluckyscarsxX.
Chandra laughed. ‘Language, Scars.’
‘You said you weren’t a lady,’ said XxluckyscarsxX. 
‘That’s exactly how I would be introducing myself! Your mum’s a fucking revolutionary!’ said Wowfood.
‘Some people think that, yes. She was …’ said Chandra, concentrating on aiming for SleepandDestroy’s head again.
‘She was awesome! Her studies in the DNA similarities between humans and certain species of fungi. Her work on bioweapons! I mean she created the FU4242!’ said Wowfood, an excited manchild.
‘What? She did? I have that gun!’ said SleepandDestroy. ‘Argh! You suck, Panda!’ he said as she picked him off again.
‘You came back for more,’ said Chandra.
‘You have that gun? For real?’ said Wowfood.
‘Yeah … I sleep with it at night … No, in the game you idiot,’ said SleepandDestroy.
XxluckyscarsxX laughed. ‘So, is she still crazy?’ he asked.
They were all quiet. 
‘Umm …’ Chandra stopped looking through the scope. 
‘You know you’re a dick, right Scars?’ said SleepandDestroy.
‘I’ve gotta go,’ said Chandra.
‘No, Panda. Don’t listen to Scars,’ said Wowfood.
‘Yeah, come on, Panda. Stay!’ said SleepandDestroy.
‘Sorry, Panda. That was a bit of a dick thing to say,’ said XxluckyscarsxX.
‘You think?’ said Wowfood.
‘Shut up, Wowfood. Get a new name,’ said XxluckyscarsxX.
‘Bye, sexy nerds,’ said Chandra and took off her headphones before they could talk her into staying. 
She flopped backwards on her bed and closed her eyes. She was tired. She couldn’t keep her eyes open any longer. She didn’t pack away any of her gaming equipment. She didn’t even take off her shoes. She just lay there, half on half off her bed and allowed herself to drift into that empty blackness.
But the nightmares always came. First it was the shivering, the heat she could feel on the inside and the frozen skin slick with sweat. Her baby sister’s face. Charlotte’s green eyes glazed and gone. Her pasty skin still glistening with the sweat from her own fever. Chandra had wanted to scream out, but she could do nothing but shiver and stare into her sister’s dead eyes. That’s when she smelled it. Cinnamon on the breeze. And blood. The smell of the end of the world. 
She startled awake and screamed when she found herself face to face with a gas mask.
‘Mum! What’re you doing?’ she said, sitting up and gathering herself.
‘Like the ants … Like the ants …’ said her mother, stepping back. 
‘Mum, you scared me,’ said Chandra.
‘We need to check the basement,’ said her mother. ‘Like the ants … Like the ants …’ she whispered.
Chandra rubbed her face. It was daylight outside. She had slept for five hours. But she felt like she hadn’t slept in years. She could hear the cows out in the field, calling for their breakfast.
‘Basement … Basement …’ said her mother as she rocked from foot to foot, tapping the side of her leg with her fingertips. 
‘Okay, mum,’ said Chandra. She got up and her mum thrust a gasmask in her face.
‘Can you smell it?’ her mother asked.
Chandra could see her crinkled outline reflected in the foil cap. She thought about the gym. About her dream. About her dead sister. ‘Not today,’ she said. 
She put on the gasmask, knowing it was not worth the meltdown. She followed her mother down to the basement, through the airtight hatch, down the stairs that didn’t creak. It smelled stale down there, of dust and ants and beef jerky. 
It was a good basement for how quickly it had been built. Perfect for what her mother had wanted it for. Her father had used the ‘retirement’ money her mother had received to add the basement onto the house, in hopes that having it there might bring some peace to her mother’s mind. He was wrong. He left soon after it was finished. When Charlotte died.
Her mother walked around the stores of food. Homemade beef jerkies, preserved fruits and vegetables, all from their own stores. Extra jumpsuits and gasmasks. And of course the guns. Chandra went over to the cabinet with their guns. Police would not be happy to find so many unregistered weapons on their property, nor would the government agency her mother used to work for if they knew Dr Swanson still retained an early version of her FU4242, her own prototype.
Chandra remembered her friends, how excited they had sounded at the idea of this weapon. She liked guns, but she didn’t see what was so good about it.
‘Inside … It’s inside … like the ants …’ her mother mumbled as she counted the jars and cans in the stores against the wall. 
‘Are there enough?’ asked Chandra. She knew there was, she just knew her mother liked to be asked.
Her mother nodded. But the nod became a shake. Her hand started to twitch. She shuffled her feet on the dry concrete floor. ‘No, no, no, no …’ 
Chandra broke out of her gun stupor and hurried to her mother. ‘What? What is it?’
‘They ate them! THEY ATE THE CANDLES!’ 
Chandra could see the sweat breaking out on her mother’s face under the mask. She looked down at the box of candles that had been transformed into a pile of crumbs and wicks. Bloody mice. ‘It’s okay, I’ll grab some after work today.’ She held her mum close and allowed the mini freak out to pass as her mother’s gasmask dug sharply into her shoulder.
*~*~*
‘No, Phil, please you can’t do this to me,’ said Chandra at the door of the bar.
‘I’m sorry, Chandra. I know you’ve had it tough with your mum an all, but you can’t just throw out paying customers. Larry told me what happened,’ said her boss as he stood barricading the door to the bar. ‘Maybe try O’Rieley’s across town.’
She had already lost a job at O’Rieley’s. 
‘Fuck you, Phil,’ she said and turned around to walk back through the carpark. She heard the bar’s door slam behind her. She kicked at the blue metal stones on the ground of the carpark and watched them scatter and shimmer midnight in the single street lamp.
She needed candles and other supplies. 
She stopped when she heard something behind her. The crackle of a wrapper, the slurp of drunken eating. She turned and saw Larry standing there. Grinning like the Grinch at Christmas. 
‘You get the sack or something, Chandra?’ he said. She could hear the smile in his voice. Smug as a cat.
‘Leave me alone, Larry,’ she said, turning away from him.
‘But how ever will you get money to support your dear mother and that place you call a farm,’ he said.
She turned back to him and he was holding out two crisp hundred dollar notes. 
It’ll be quick, she thought. He never lasts long. 
He stuffed half of a burger in his mouth, smearing special sauce up one side of his face. 
She didn’t feel like a burger anymore, that was a plus.
She turned and they started walking to their usual place. 
She felt the self-loathing and the justification start to rip inside her mind, like two monsters tearing at each other.
In the cheap motel room with the sandy sheets and doctor’s surgery carpet and screaming water pipes, Chandra turned off her brain. 
She knelt down on the floor and readied herself. 
‘Nuh uh aahh …’ Larry said as he undid his belt buckle. ‘You want this you’re gonna have to work for it.’ He was sweating and clammy. His skin was paler than normal.
Chandra was tired. She stood up and got on the bed on all fours.
He hungrily tore off her work pants and underwear, pulling them around her knees. He let out one of his guttural moans and caressed her buttocks. 
She heard his pants drop to the floor and she closed her eyes. 
Nothing. She waited a little longer but heard nothing more, felt nothing. ‘Hurry up and get this over with, Larry. I don’t have all fucking night.’ She turned around to look at him, to see what he was doing.
Larry stood there, staring at the wall across from her. His eyes glazed and red and watery in the dim light cast from the bathroom. 
‘Larry!’ she said, turning to face him. Nothing. ‘Oi!’
She stood up and pulled up her pants. Had he had a stroke? A fit? She walked around him. Poked him in the arm and watched him gently sway. She got close to his face and stared at him. He was just … gone. 
Without thinking about it much longer, she grabbed the two hundred bucks plus what was in his wallet and fled. She ran home, lest he came to and realised she had robbed him. She ran hard. Angry with herself for what she was about to allow someone to do to her for money, but thankful that fate had intervened. But she still couldn’t shake the look in his eyes. Clouded and glassy, like Charlotte’s had been.
*~*~*
Day 5
She ran on the treadmill and peered down at Ricky. He stood behind the counter, not talking to or greeting anyone. She was pretty sure he hadn’t moved at all since she came in. Come to think of it, he didn’t even hound her for money when she came through the door. 
The TV was on as always, but she ignored it. The entire gym was quiet for that time of day. There were no annoying girls pretending to work out, no muscle guys watching themselves in the mirrors.
Chandra stepped off the treadmill, still watching Ricky. She didn’t bother turning it off. There was something inside that told her no one would care if it was left rolling. 
She walked down the steps and up to Ricky. His normally tanned face was pale, his smile as flaccid as Larry’s dick had been. ‘Ricky,’ she called to him. Nothing, just like Larry. 
She felt her heart quivering with panic.
She took him by the shoulders and shook him, screaming his name.
She smelled it again then, the sickly sweet scent, like hot fresh doughnuts. She blocked her nose and backed away. 
Suddenly, Ricky’s eyes rolled in the back of his head. He turned and walked up the steps she had just come from. ‘Ricky,’ she called out to him again.
As he walked up the steps something on the news caught her eye. It was helicopter footage of skyscrapers. There was no volume but she could read the caption: ‘Strange deaths across the country. Outbreak warning.’
She could see a man attached to the earthing spire at the top of the scraper, a giant growth, like a kraken’s wet tentacle slithered from his skull, twirled its way around the spire. 
‘Oh, fuck,’ she said. ‘Today …’ 
She took one last look at Ricky who was making his way up the second set of stairs that led to the roof. There was no saving him.
The sky outside was a grey green and the wind howled all around her. The air was warm and damp and heavy with an inevitable storm. She ran to her car and jumped in, starting it without bothering with her seat belt. She screeched off down the road, one hand on the wheel, the other searching the floor of the backseat where she knew her mother made her keep a spare gasmask. She never thought she would have to use it.
Chandra felt the touch of the familiar rubber and glanced into the back for a moment to get a better grip on the mask. The tyres rumbled over the gutter. Chandra snapped her eyes back to the road and slammed on the brakes, sending the gasmask flying into the front seat. 
There was a telegraph pole. One second it was in front of her, the next it was inside the car. Chandra heard the crunch before she felt the pain. As if sound had not existed before that point. The smashing crackle of glass shattering. The crunching of metal and the hiss of air bags. 
Chandra threw her hands in front of her face and went limp. She tried her best to allow it to happen to her. There was nothing else she could do.
She felt her body snap with the force of the crash. There was a distant ringing in her ears and her head burned. Her arms stung where the airbags burned her. And then there was silence again besides the ringing and the ticking of the trashed engine.
Chandra sat up and moaned. She lay her head back on the seat’s head rest. She bent her neck from side to side trying to crack it but the pressure wouldn’t release.
Reaching for the door handle, she remembered the gasmask. It fit snuggly over her face, the strap at the back hurting her neck. She tried to fling the door open, but it was hesitant and needed to be pushed, grinding against its hinges until she could flop out onto the road.
Her breathing sounded loud through the gasmask, laboured as if Darth Vader had run a marathon. She stood up slowly and looked around. There was not another car in sight. No one came out to hear what had happened. She took her cell phone out of her pocket but there was no reception. She dialled for emergency, but it was engaged.
She left her wreck where it was, attached to the pole and steaming. The metal still ticked, settling into its new found shape. She trudged up the black dusty asphalt, wind blowing behind her, pushing her forwards. Her unruly hair struggling against the gasmask’s headband.
She walked further into town. The traffic light up ahead was red and a car sat idling at the intersection. ‘Hello,’ she tried to say but it came out all wrong. Her vision blurred and she felt her feet stumble. 
The light went green and she tried to walk quicker. She waved her arms and called out again. But the car sat idling. It was at this point that Chandra noticed the door was slightly ajar. 
She stumbled over to the car and noticed there was no one in the driver’s seat. But in the back there was a child seat and in it sat a little girl. Chandra felt sick. She leant over, took off her mask and threw up on the front tyre. Her head cleared a little and she looked in at the little girl who just sat there twirling a blonde ringlet around her finger. The little girl just stared at Chandra with dark green eyes, then popped the ringlet of hair in her mouth. She looked like her long dead sister.
Chandra heard thunder in the distance and felt the dread of bad things coming.
She jumped in the abandoned car. ‘Where’s your mummy?’ she asked. The little girl just stared. ‘Your daddy? Where are your parents?’ The little blonde girl said nothing, but she was there. Not like the others. Her eyes were bright.
Chandra put her head in her hands. It throbbed and swam. She ducked back outside and called out again, louder this time. ‘HELLO?’ There was still no reply. 
Chandra looked around, looking for any signs of life. Her attention was caught by an odd shape up the nearest telegraph pole. She glanced up and was struck by the horror she saw. A woman gripped the top of the pole. Antlers of ruby red stretched out of her skull. Her face was distended. Blood ran down her pale skin from the wounds caused by the growths. Her blonde curls were streaked with gore. 
She weighed up her options. She had none. She had to get home and she couldn’t just leave the child there. She could take the child to the police station, but seeing as though the emergency line was engaged … She was running out of time.
‘I’m gonna take you somewhere safe, okay? We will find your parents soon, okay?’
The girl still didn’t answer, only sat there chewing on the lock of her hair. Chandra handed the girl her gasmask. ‘Would you like to wear my cool mask?’ The girl nodded, so Chandra slipped it over her face, tightening the head band. It was far too big for the small girl.
She sat down in the driver’s seat, closed the door and drove home. The car’s tyres kicked up red dust as they ploughed down her driveway, vibrating over the cattle guard and coming to a halt in front of the back door. 
Chandra took the girl out of the child seat, her fingers fumbling on the button. The little girl took her by the hand and showed her where to press. Chandra looked into her eyes. They were wide, but not frightened. She picked her up and put her on her hip and ran inside to find her mother standing there, geared up. 
Chandra could feel the hot tears on her cheeks, the smell the vomit on her own breath. The little girl nuzzled into the crook of her neck and played with her unruly hair.
Her mother looked at the little girl but said nothing. She was surprisingly calm. She nodded at Chandra and said, ‘Today?’
Chandra nodded back which hurt her head and neck. ‘Today.’
The little girl looked up and Chandra’s mother stared at her. Her head tilted to the side and she mouthed the word, ‘Charlotte?’ She ran over and grabbed at the little girl. ‘My Charlotte! My baby! Where did you find my baby?’ she began screaming.
Chandra struggled to keep hold of the little girl who now cowered in her arms. ‘Mum! Stop! It’s not Charlotte!’ She tried to push her mother away.
‘My baby, my little buttercup! Where did you find her?’ she continued to say while almost clawing to get her arms around the little girl.
Chandra gave her one more final push and her mother stumbled backwards. ‘Mum, it’s not Charlotte! Charlotte is dead, remember?’ 
Chandra could see her mother come back briefly to reality. She looked at Chandra and then at the little girl. ‘No. Of course you’re not Charlotte. Charlotte’s gone … Charlotte’s gone …’
‘I found her alone. I don’t know her name, but I couldn’t just leave her,’ explained Chandra.  
‘No, you couldn’t. Bring her downstairs.’
Chandra followed her mother downstairs and sat the little girl on one of the cots. As they made the move down to the basement in silence, Chandra watched her mother carefully. Her mother never stopped to breakdown or rant or so much as twitch.
*~*~*
Day 6
Chandra didn’t want to sleep. She was sure she had a concussion. The little girl who had not yet spoken lay on the cot with Chandra, sleeping still, a slight sheen on her forehead. Her mother slept quietly, snoring gently under the gasmask.
Chandra watched the woman who had been in her mother’s skin for so many years. She still remembered the morning they got the phone call. Her father was pouring two bowls of cereal. Cheerios. She remembered the delicate clinking noise they made as they filled the bowls.
The phone rang and her father answered. He held the phone between his ear and shoulder and wondered around the kitchen as if he had forgotten where he was. He spilt the milk all over the table and it dribbled off the edge onto the floor. His face was white as the puddle of milk on the kitchen tiles. 
Her mother regularly didn’t come home from work. So, when she woke up to her father getting her and her sister ready for school, they didn’t know that everything would be different from that morning on. 
Dr Margret Swanson had been found in her office, catatonic and covered with blood, although she had no wounds to speak of. Tests determined it had been her own blood but, they never found the source.
She remembered staring into the eyes of her catatonic mother. They had the same look as when she had been working at home. As if she was thinking about something. Charlotte had touched their mother’s shoulder and tapped her. She had called out ‘Mummy,’ but there had been no reply. 
Chandra had reached into her pocket and eaten some of the dry Cheerios she had stuffed in there before her father had dragged them out the door. She had taken her little sister by the hand and led her over to the seats next to the bed. They shared the handful of Cheerios as they watched her mother.
A few weeks passed and there had been no change. They were moving her to a place the adults called ‘a facility’ which Chandra knew meant a loony bin. She knew because the kids at school told her so.
It was there that the ranting started. Her mother had screamed at Chandra and Charlotte. ‘They took me!’ she had said. ‘They took me and they put it inside! They chose me! They chose me! The strangers will come!’
It was then their father had stopped taking Chandra and Charlotte to see her. 
*~*~*
Chandra was angry with her father when he had brought their mother home. 
‘It’ll be good for her,’ he had said.
He had the basement built, thinking it would help. He bought the cows and built the chicken coop and the veggie garden, because it would help. But he was wrong. Charlotte died. And then Chandra woke up and he was gone. 
Her mother would sit at her desk and work. Chandra would take herself to school. Then, when she got old enough, she would take herself to work. 
Chandra stared at her mother. Her snoring and the rhythm of the rise and fall of her body fell out of time. The snoring turned into a howl and she realised it was the storm upstairs. It was the time of day where she would normally be playing online games with her friends. She wondered if they were ok. If they were alive or infected.
She sat up in her cot, removing her arm from under the little girl’s head and trying not to let the cot squeak. She had to find out. She had to have a look at what was going on. It had only been twenty-four hours. 
She put on a gasmask and crept up the stairs and out the airtight hatch. 
Outside the cows huddled next to the shed, the gale sending streams of grey rain and debris diagonally across the paddock. A sheet of corrugated tin danced past the window and smashed through the borrowed car’s windscreen, making Chandra jump. 
She ran to her bedroom, picked up her gaming laptop and headphones and ran back downstairs. 
Her mother and the little girl still slept.
She sat down on her cot and opened her laptop. Luckily there was still internet. She put on her headphones and logged in.   
‘Hello?’ a voice was saying.
‘Wow? Is that you?’ she whispered.
‘Panda? Holy shit! What the fuck’s going on?’
She debated telling him the truth which she knew. ‘What do you mean?’
He was crying. ‘My family. They’re dead. Oh my god, it’s horrible.’
She cupped the mouthpiece with her hand to minimise the sound of her voice. ‘Where are you?’
‘I’m in my room,’ said Wowfood.
‘Do you have a basement?’ she asked.
‘No?’
‘You need to get underground.’ She thought about his options. ‘Where are you?’
‘I’m in my room,’ he repeated, sobbing.
‘No, like, where in the world?’ She opened another tab on her laptop screen, then typed into Google maps.
‘Queensland, Brisbane,’ he said.
Chandra stopped typing. ‘You’re in Australia? But … you’re British?’
His sobs slowed as he explained. ‘My family moved over her for my dad’s work. He’s a microbiologist. He works in the same lab as your mother did.’
The idea struck her. ‘That’s where you need to go, Wow. You need to get to that lab. You’ll be safe there,’ she said. He began sobbing uncontrollably again. She needed him to remain calm. ‘Wow, I’ve never asked you. Where did you get the name?’
His crying slowed down again. ‘Well, one day, I was getting my first email and …’
Chandra was silent, waiting to hear the rest of the story. The line crackled. She tried refreshing the screen. ‘Wow? Are you there? Wow?’ 
Her screen went grey. He’s dead, Jim, said the screen.
Her head slumped and she felt the pain tearing at her skull and spine. The laptop threatened to slip off onto the concrete floor, but she slammed the lid shut and put it down next to her, swearing. 
‘What’s wrong, Buttercup?’ said her mother.
Chandra flinched. Her mother was sitting up on the side of her cot, watching.
‘There’s no internet,’ she said, looking at the little girl who still slept. 
‘Yes, they will try and cut off our communication,’ said her mother.
‘Mum, who are they?’ she asked, frustrated with the years of cryptic ramblings.
‘The strangers,’ said her mother. 
Chandra sighed and rubbed the back of her neck. She thought about what she knew. The town appeared dead. She had seen two unresponsive people. Wow said his family was dead. There was an outbreak warning on the news. And she saw the man on the top of the building. And of course, the silent girl’s mother, dead at the top of the telegraph pole. ‘The Cordyceps, Mum. You have been studying them. What did you find out?’
‘The night I was taken …’
‘That’s the thing! What do you mean taken?’
‘Up there,’ said her mother, pointing to the sky outside. She smiled like a Christian talking about Jesus. ‘They’re the saviours. They will save us from the strangers.’ She checked her foil hat, adjusting it to fit over her head.
‘Do you mean aliens?’ she tried not to sound sarcastic, but failed.
Her mother smiled and nodded. ‘The strangers have been testing the Cordyceps on our DNA for centuries. When I was researching the Cordyceps, I discovered that their DNA had been changing, adapting to become more like our own. But at one time it had been something completely different, something alien. That’s when the saviours took me. They chose me. They had been waiting to see if we were worthy of saving, if we would be capable of defeating the strangers.’
‘Wait, so are the strangers the Cordyceps?’ Chandra asked.
Her mother shook her head and smiled. ‘No, they are destructors. Conquerors. Their only drive is to destroy. They made the Cordyceps to eliminate as much of a species before they swoop down and take everything. It’s how they control us.’ She touched her foil hat again.
‘How do you know all this?’
‘The saviours … they told me. They’ve been waiting for us. Waiting for a species that can do it.’
Chandra rubbed her face. She didn’t understand. But then again, she didn’t want to. 
The wind howled overhead like a freight train and they’d been buried under the tracks. They both looked up as if they would have been able to see the violent storm raging overhead. Her mother’s face became worried.
‘The cows … The cows …’ she muttered. The first time she had rambled since they’d moved to the basement.
As the morning wore on the sound outside slowly changed, becoming muffled. The pair sat in silence. Chandra didn’t want to know any more. 
She got up and grabbed a couple of pieces of jerky from their stores. She lifted her hand away and realised her fingers were cold. No. Not cold exactly. They were wet. She looked at her mother who was rocking on her cot, mumbling. Quickly looking at the shelves where they stored their food, Chandra saw that they were all dripping with red water. It was slowly trickling down the walls.
She stood back and looked to the floor. Her feet leaving behind darkened foot prints. 
‘Mum?’ she said, feeling the fear picking up inside her.
Her mother looked to her and then followed her gaze. Fear scarred her mother’s face.
‘Water … Where …’ was all her mother could say.
*~*~*
Day 7
The rising water was as red as the soil on the farm. It leeched out of the besser block walls like blood from a grazed knee. It was up to their ankles and they had to stack the cots on top of boxes to keep them dry.
The walls moaned and the house above them creaked as if they were below the deck of a ship in heavy seas. 
Chandra thought she was finally going mad because it seemed as though the walls were beginning to bow inwards.
‘We have to get out of here, Mum,’ said Chandra, stroking the springy ringlets of the little girl who sat fiddling with the keys on Chandra’s dead laptop.
Her mother shook her head and paced through the water. ‘Like the ants … Like the ants …’
‘I know, Mum. But it’s not safe down here. We will drown.’ Chandra looked at the closing in walls. ‘Or get crushed.’ She got up and waded through the red water. She walked up the stairs that didn’t creak. 
‘No!’ her mother said as Chandra headed for the hatch.
Chandra got to the hatch and tried to open it. She pushed upwards with all her strength. A trickle of red water came in through the seams. But she couldn’t make it budge.
  The sound coming from above was like that of an ancient monster, it stomped around roaring of its victory. Chandra felt more than unsettled with not knowing what was going on above them. Her phone’s battery was dead and so was her computer’s.
She looked over to her mother who sat beside the little girl, rocking and ranting. The little girl sat there with her hand on Chandra’s mother’s knee, biting at a lock of her hair, still silent, computer discarded on the cot beside her.
They couldn’t get out. They couldn’t stop the water. All there was to do was wait and see what dish fate served them next.
She felt the shift before she heard it. Suddenly there was a change in the air in the basement, a cracking groan of blocks and mortar being eaten away. She saw the roof above them settling lower. 
Chandra ran back down the stairs and grabbed her mother by the arm. ‘Mum! We have to get out now!’
A block toppled from one of the walls. Spitting out a fountain of blood mud. She picked up the little girl and dragged her mother up the stairs. ‘I need your help! We need to open the hatch!’ she screamed at her unresponsive mother. She bent and put down the little girl. ‘You have to hold onto me okay. No matter what happens, hold onto me.’ The little girl nodded and gripped Chandra’s leg.
‘Mum, push!’ 
Her mother finally listened and put her hands on the hatch door. Chandra unlocked the hatch again and pushed with all the strength she could muster. As the walls began to crumble down at the far end of the basement, Chandra used her shoulder to leverage up the hatch. The red water came through the sides in torrents and it splashed on Chandra’s gas mask. 
The sound was deafening and Chandra’s blood pulsed painfully through her head and neck as she heaved one last time. The house above tumbled below as the hatch gave way and a torrent of muddy water engulfed them. Chandra felt the little girl’s grip come loose and she grabbed her wrist so she didn’t get washed into the wreckage of the basement.
Chandra took her mum’s hand and dragged them all up through the bloody waterfall. The lights around them flickered off as the collapsing basement dominoed towards them. Blackness was thrust upon them. 
Chandra panicked. 
She could feel the water’s current pushing against her legs. The little girl slipped again, almost washing away into the dark, rubble abyss. 
She picked up the girl and put her on her hip.
Her mother screamed next to her, furiously thumping the side of her head and struggling against Chandra’s restraint. 
Everything was so loud. So loud. The thunder and the screaming, the roaring water. The side of the house tumbling down. 
She had to make a decision. The flood or the collapsing house? 
Lightning ripped across the sky, igniting the disaster zone outside.
Her mother screamed. Her gasmask was fogging up on the inside and she could hear her breathing, short and quick and hard.
The east side of the house cracked and fell into the basement. Chandra made a run for it, barely hearing the screen door slam as she flew through it and out into the back paddock. The water was up to her knees and rising.
She ran, drudging through the coursing bloody water, dragging her mother behind her. She cried and grunted in fury, the water like quicksand around her legs. 
Chandra headed for the shed that had managed to survive so far, probably due to the fact that it didn’t have a shoddy-made basement underneath it. She almost dived inside, heading straight up the steep steps and collapsed to the floor. Exhausted and broken and frightened.
*~*~*
Day 8
The flood had destroyed the farm. Chandra stood outside, the little girl on her hip. They were all covered in red mud. She looked around at what used to be the farm. The chicken coop was gone and so were the cows. The vegetable garden was ruined. Half the house had been reduced to nothing but rubble. But through the gasmask it just didn’t seem real, like she was playing a video game. 
Her mother sunk to her knees and sobbed. ‘They were meant to keep us safe?’ she cried. Chandra placed a hand on her mother’s head and stroked her dirty hair.
‘We can’t stay here,’ said Chandra. ‘We should go to Brisbane.’
Her mother looked up at her. ‘No, but we … the cows …’ 
Chandra got down on the ground next to her mother. The ground was still damp and it soaked the knees of her jeans. ‘Mum, the cows are gone. We have no food and no water. We have to go somewhere. If we go to Brisbane, we can go to your old work …’
Her mother was already shaking her head. ‘Inside … like the ants.’
‘I know, Mum. But we will die if we stay here. If we get to your old work then maybe we can find something that will help. I have a friend …’ she thought about her friend who may not even be alive. ‘Look, we have to try something.’
‘They chose me …’ said her mother. ‘I need it … FU4242 …’
She stood up. ‘Stay here with my mum a moment. I’ll be right back, okay,’ said Chandra.
The little girl nodded. 
Chandra went back to the hole that used to be the basement. One side of the house was completely demolished. She climbed down into the ruins and began sifting through the rubble, hoping to find a straggling bottle of water or unbroken jar of preserved anything. 
She lifted a piece of wood that used to be a joist in the roof. She managed to slide some rubble away. A broken besser block or two. 
Something glittered in the gloomy after storm light. A dull grey and black, wet with flood water. She grabbed the object, already knowing full well what it was, tugging it out, releasing it from what might’ve been its final resting place
Her mother’s FU4242 glistened in her hands. She had never held it before and it felt odd. Much more flesh like than metallic. She slung the rifle over her shoulder and continued to scurrage for anything else. All the food was gone. Water bottles were busted. Nothing much had survived. She found one other hand gun which she tucked in the back of her jeans and covered up with her T-shirt.
She climbed out of the hole, took one more look around and then walked to where the little girl hugged her cowering mother.
‘C’mon, Mum,’ she said, tapping her mother on the shoulder. 
‘Her name’s Alyx,’ her mother said as she stood up.
Chandra looked at the little girl who had not yet spoken. ‘Is that your name?’ The little girl just stared up at Chandra. Chandra shrugged. ‘I’ll have to take your word for it,’ she said.
The gun slung over Chandra’s shoulder felt good by her side, but she could feel Alyx’s eyes watching it. She turned to the little girl and smiled weakly, not that the little girl would have seen the smile behind the mask. Alyx held Chandra’s mother’s hand.
They walked through town. It was empty and wreaked. Dead birds littered the streets, multi-coloured Cordyceps flowering out of their tiny bodies. 
They walked up the street and passed by the empty primary school. Chandra remembered from her childhood there, that the schoolyard cut through to the main drag which lead straight to the highway to Brisbane. 
The front gate hung open, torn off one of its hinges by the storm. The school bell rang as they entered, calling to the children that were not there to hear it. The sound was haunting. 
Alyx let go of Chandra’s mother’s hand and ran off. 
‘Hey! Alyx! Where’re you going?’ Chandra called out to the little girl. 
She ran after Alyx. Her shoes scuffing on the asphalt of the school yard. Memories of skinned knees and sticky plasters came back to her. Teachers screaming out to stop running. The little girl with bouncing blonde curls running in front of her. So much like her little sister. The memories, invasive. 
Alyx ran around a building, disappearing for a moment. When Chandra turned the corner she saw her standing at the gates of what seemed to be an enclosed classroom, one that she didn’t remember being there when it was her schooldays. It was bright and gaudy with colourful murals painted over rendered bricks. 
Chandra stopped running and walked the rest of the way to where Alyx stood at the gates, her little hands wrapped around the bars of the gate so tightly. Chandra got to the gate and stroked Alyx’s hair. ‘Is this your classroom?’ 
Alyx nodded and reached up to try to get to the latch. Chandra helped her and lifted the latch. Alyx jumped up on the gate and rode it as it swung open as if she had done it hundreds of times before. A smile brightened her little face and she let the lock of hair fall out of her mouth. Chandra watched as the little girl darted in the open door.
She followed quickly behind, not knowing if there would be anyone lurking inside. The classroom smelled strongly of paint and playdough. Colourful paper and crafts hung from every surface, a jarringly happy sight on that dreary day. 
Alyx was pointing to some paintings on the wall. ‘Are these yours?’ asked Chandra. She looked at the mess of colours and could make out the resemblance of four faces. Two small and two big. The letters ALYX scrawled at the top of the paper. Chandra remembered Alyx’s mother, dead up the telegraph pole. But why didn’t it happen to Alyx?
Chandra took it off the wall and gave it to the little girl who hugged it to her chest. ‘C’mon, Buttercup. We should go,’ Chandra said to the little girl. She steered Alyx towards the door, taking a moment to steal a few crayons and pieces of blank paper on her way out, shoving them in her back pockets for later.
Alyx ran ahead again and Chandra followed. But when she got back out into the blinding grey light she stopped because Alyx had. The little girl slowly backed away from the gate. Chandra’s heart stopped beating at the sight waiting for them.
A large group of children stood in the playground. Silent and still, their eyes glazed over and staring. Chandra’s mother stood opposite the group, hands on her head, fixing the foil cap and covering her ears. 
Alyx continued to back up until she banged into Chandra’s legs, one hand clinging to her family portrait, the other searching upwards for Chandra’s hand. Chandra grabbed it and slowly picked up the little girl. She put her finger to her lips slowly, motioning to her mother to keep quiet.
Chandra watched the group of children who just stood staring at them with vacant eyes. Their slack faces devoid of expression. They seemed somehow different from the other infected.
Chandra was just trying to work out if they were a threat when the entire group turned in unison and began walking up the hill. Chandra breathed a sigh of relief and slowly walked towards her mother. Alyx buried her head in Chandra’s neck. 
Keeping one eye on the group of children, Chandra signalled to her mother that they needed to get to the gate down the hill, about a hundred metres away. She could see the faraway look in her mother’s eyes – she was not coping. 
‘The cows …’ she cried out. ‘The cows will keep us safe!’ 
The group of children stopped walking and all of their heads snapped around to face the trio. Their mouths now set into wicked snarls.
Fear struck Chandra and she grabbed her mother’s hand. ‘Run!’ she cried and tore off down the hill. Alyx let out a muffled scream as the pack of zombie children hurtled after them, falling over one another, trampling each other to get to them. 
These infected were definitely different.
Chandra pumped her legs like she had never done before, she felt the weight of Alyx on her hip and her mother lagging behind her, but the stomping of tiny school shoes on the ground behind them kept her going. 
The gate was getting closer and Chandra tried not to let her feet stumble as she ran down the hill towards it. She pushed her mother out the gate and almost threw Alyx on the ground as they exited. She turned and slammed the gate shut behind them, making sure the latch at the top was locked. A latch she herself had to stand on tiptoe to reach. She was thankful that it had not broken in the storm, unlike its twin at the top of the schoolyard. 
Alyx hid behind Chandra as they backed away watching the pack slam into the gate, teeth snapping and spindly arms reaching for them through the fence. 
Standing back, Chandra could see that the roof tops of the school were littered with bodies, Cordyceps blooming out of them in an array of shapes and colours and sizes. She looked all around her, almost every building, almost every rooftop had curling fungal tentacles blossoming on top. Their human hosts standing ridged at their bases.
Chandra picked up Alyx, shielding her eyes from the surrounding terror. 
They walked towards the highway and then along it, making their way through the rows of empty cars strewn across the expanse of deserted tarmac.
*~*~*
Day 9
The heat was stifling inside the car they had decided to commandeer for the night. With the doors and windows locked and the three of them in there, condensation had collected on the windows at night and had started to run down the glass. 
Chandra hadn’t slept. With the noises in the night and the lack of personal space, she hadn’t been able to stand keeping her eyes closed for more than a few seconds. Her mother had not allowed her to loot through the cars the day before, but while she slept, Chandra figured what she didn’t know wouldn’t hurt her.
Chandra carefully unlocked the door and took the keys, making sure to relock the doors again after she closed it. They had tried to start several cars before settling for the night, but no luck at all. None of them had turned over. 
She had kept the pistol tucked in the back of her jeans and the FU4242 slung over her shoulder all night, it was no different now, she wasn’t about to part with them. 
The early morning light was red with the smoke of distant fires and the rising sun burned on the horizon like the eye of Sauron. Her gasmask was stuffy and she longed to remove it, but figured she would only be able to smell the acrid stench of smoke and decay and cinnamon on what little breeze there was. 
She walked past several cars to get further away from her mother and Alyx as not to make any noise that might disturb their sleep. She picked a car that looked like the owners might’ve been well equipped with supplies, an SUV that had mud splatters up the sides and bumper stickers stating all the places they’d visited. 
She looked around the abandoned stretch of highway. She was the only one there as far as she could tell, but she got the strangest feeling that she was being watched.
She stood still for a few moments, listening for signs of life. She looked back to the car with her mother and Alyx inside. No movement from there. She resigned herself to the fact that it was probably just nerves.
She opened the rear door and slung the FU4242 over the front seat’s headrest. Only for a moment feeling naked without it, but it was too big and would swing in front of her while she searched. She crawled into the back seat and began blindly searching under them for goodies. Her hand met a cool plastic box and she pulled out a large first aid kit.
‘Fuck, yes!’ she said and went to pick it up, but froze when she heard laughter directly behind her.
‘Fuck, yes …’ a man’s voice said, his voice oozed creepy. ‘Look what we have here, Andy.’ 
Chandra turned to see a young man with a scruffy beard and dirt on his face. There was a blood stain down one side of his flannelette shirt and he was touching himself. The door closest to her head opened and she turned to see another young man of similar description, standing there, smile broad and slightly toothless. He too was touching himself.
Chandra turned around in the backseat and kicked out, aiming for the first man’s stiff groin, but he caught her foot and blocked her exit. 
She could feel the gun at her back. She probably wouldn’t have to actually shoot them, but if he noticed the FU4242 slung next to his head before she could get it out then it might end badly.
He still held her foot and now he took the other one. Chandra began to panic.
‘Looks like we gonna have ourselves a little pussy party, Andy,’ said the one without a name. Andy was still just chuckling to himself. The nameless man’s face turned into a cruel scowl as he yelled, ‘Get her!’ 
Chandra barely had time to fully sit up before Andy had both her arms pined above her head, the gasmask off and her mouth covered. The nameless man pulled a hunting knife out of his jeans and waved it at her menacingly. Chandra tried to scream as he ran the knife up the inside of her thigh. 
He spread open her legs and buried his head in her crotch and breathed in deeply. He sighed. ‘Hmm ... I love me a dirty cunt,’ he said as Chandra tried to kick and struggle. ‘We’re gonna play a little game of how many holes can we make to fuck before you die.’ Both of them laughed and Chandra felt tears sting her eyes and dread fill her stomach. ‘But we will start with the ones that the good lord gave you. Andy, knock out her teeth so she can’t bite your pecker.’ 
Andy only chuckled again as he took a hammer out of his pocket with his spare hand. Chandra tried to scream again. But it was muffled from a real scream that came from her feet. She looked up and the nameless was gone, but she could still hear him screaming. Chandra looked up at Andy, his attention set on his disgusting friend, fear in his eyes. She took the opportunity to get up, grab the FU4242, switch off the safety and fire.
A strange blast emitted from the fleshy gun, a bluish streak came out of the muzzle and made a chunk of Andy’s midsection explode off him. She quickly jumped out of the car and saw the nameless man on the floor a person straddled him, tearing a hole in his chest with their teeth and hands. The nameless man screamed for help. 
Chandra turned just in time to see another infected hurtling towards her. She took aim and fired, sending another pulverising streak of blue through the stomach of the infected. Orange and yellow guts streamed out of the infected, blowing out the back of him. He was definitely no longer human. And what the fuck was this gun her mother had made!
She turned to see the bloody face of the infected that had been eating the nameless man. It growled at her and studied her with its lifeless eyes right before she shot its head off with the FU4242. The infected’s body flew over the nameless man and landed in a mess of yellowish muck on the bonnet of a silver sedan. 
The nameless man whimpered on the ground, his shoulder and chest mangled, his other arm dislocated at an odd angle. Chandra’s body was riddled with adrenaline making her shiver uncontrollably. Tears came to her eyes as the full force of what she had just done struck her. The anger towards the mauled man on the ground, the horrible things he was about to do to her … it all built up. 
She walked over to him and bent down, taking his chin in her hands, forcing him to look at her. ‘What’s your name?’ she yelled. He only let out a moan. She stabbed the muzzle of the FU4242 into his chest wound. 
He cried out. 
‘Your name!’ she yelled at him, forgetting her mother and Alyx or the possibility of more infected.
‘Bob! The name’s Bob!’ he screamed. ‘You know we weren’t really gonna hurt ya or nothing. We just wann’ed ta have some fun is all.’
She reached for the ghastly hunting knife that moments ago had been directed at her privates. ‘You know what, Bob?’ she spat the name. ‘Where gonna play a little game of how long will it take for you to bleed out if I stab you in your manhood about fifty times!’ She jabbed the sharp blade into his groin, just hard enough so he could feel it.
He cried out again. ‘No, please. Please. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry!’ 
‘I don’t really believe you, Bob,’ said Chandra, twisting the blade a little. ‘Maybe you should try and convince me that you’re sorry. Beg for me, Bob.’ She twisted the blade again.
He cried and begged and pleaded with her. And Chandra laughed in his face. She could see that he was trying to struggle, but he couldn’t move. She thought maybe his legs were broken too. ‘It’s not nice doing such things to another human, is it, Bob?’ 
She looked at his pathetic form and considered showing him mercy. If another survivor found him he might live. But all that anger and adrenaline outweighed any rational thinking and she drove the blade deep inside him, listening to him scream.
She stood up and took aim at his wailing face, then obliterated it. 
Chandra stumbled back to the car, collapsing to her knees when she got there. She vomited up bile from her stomach and then tried her best to clean the blood off her hands before she opened the car door. 
*~*~*
Chandra had gone back to get the first aid kit. She removed the hunting knife from Bob’s groin. She had woken her mother and tried to wake up Alyx, but she was not waking up. 
They needed to find water. Water that had been bottled before the outbreak, not that it mattered so much now that Chandra had lost her gasmask. 
She had picked up Alyx, cradling the small child in her arms and trying not to think of what the animals (Andy and Bob) might’ve done to the little girl after they had finished with her if fate had not intervened. 
She led her sleepy mother over to the clearer side of the highway. Away from the people she had killed – infected and not.
They trudged down the packed highway. People had tried to escape the unescapable. Every so often Chandra would hand Alyx over to her mother and go to inspect the cars for food and water, despite her mother insisting not to. But none of the searches were lucrative. In one car she had found an entire case of water but upon opening it she could smell the cinnamon stench of the spores it had been laced with.
Nightfall came and they found another car to sleep in. But Chandra didn’t sleep again. Sitting in the driver’s seat she hugged the FU4242 as she listened to the noises outside. And she dwelled on the fact that she had killed her first four people that morning. But the worst part was that something inside her knew they wouldn’t be the last.
*~*~*
Day 10
Chandra woke with a start. She had managed to fall asleep sometime after the first fingers of light had begun to caress the sky and now the sun burned down on them. She was hot but she did not sweat. Her eyes felt dry and sunken. She leant forward on the steering wheel. She knew she might last another day without water, but Alyx wouldn’t. 
She opened her eyes and stared blankly down the steering column. Indicators on the right, windshield wipers on the left.
She stared a moment longer and then sat up straight.
She found the lever to pop the bonnet and heard it thud. In the back of the car, her mother woke with a start. ‘What’s happening?’ she said, startled.
‘I found water,’ said Chandra, jumping out of the car. She glanced around making sure there was no one lurking just outside. Her mother scurried quietly out behind her. The air was hot for the morning and there was a slight breeze up on the highway bridge, another highway below them leading to other places. The cars were sparser up on the bridge so the road felt open and safe. Not as many places to hide.
‘Where? Where’s the water?’ asked her mother.
Chandra opened up the bonnet and searched around for the small plastic bottle. ‘I can’t believe I didn’t think of it sooner.’ 
What were the chances of someone having filled up the wiper water in only the past few weeks? If they were fastidious they may have topped it up with ‘fresh’ water before they left. Chandra was hoping that if they were those sort of people that were in too much of a panic and the water in the bottle would be pre-infection.
She located the cloudy plastic bottle and gave it a shake. It was half full.
Chandra quickly popped the top off the bottle and leaned in to smell it. Besides the overpowering smell of engine grease it smelled clean. 
‘How are we going to get it out?’ asked her mother. 
Chandra used Bob’s hunting knife to pry the brackets apart and rip out the bottle. 
She quickly had a swig, being careful not to spill any. Thankfully, the people that had owned the car had been too lazy to put detergent in with the water. 
She handed the water to her mother who tentatively lifted her gasmask to take a drink.
‘Save some for Alyx,’ said Chandra as she watched her mother drink down the precious water. Chandra took the water from her mother and placed her gasmask back on her face.
Chandra walked to the car’s back seat and opened it. The little girl lay sleeping on the backseat. Chandra hadn’t noticed how pale her skin had become. She reached to her and held a dirty palm to her forehead and felt the searing heat Alyx’s skin was putting out.
‘I think she’s infected,’ said her mother.
Chandra shook her head. ‘No, she’s just dehydrated,’ she lied. 
She lifted the little girl up and held the bottle to her lips and poured the water gently into Alyx’s mouth. Thankfully, she drank. But Chandra could feel the fever in her body. She could see the waxy sheen of sickness about her. So much like Charlotte.
‘We should try to find something to bring down her fever,’ said Chandra.
‘No, fever means her body is fighting the infection,’ said her mother.
‘She’s not infected,’ said Chandra again, defensively.
Chandra let the girl’s head rest back on the seat and stood up. She looked out beyond the highway to where the sun had just risen. The sunlight burned fire on the windows of the skyscrapers of Brisbane. Clouds rose off the ocean beyond. Tears came to Chandra’s face as she walked to the edge of the overpass. 
She pointed to the view. ‘We’re close!’ she said and wiped a tear from her cheek.
Her mother turned and looked towards the city. She rubbed her stomach and muttered something.
She looked around. Up until that point there had been dead people with the fungi sprouting out of their bodies, but here … it was different. She hadn’t noticed in the fading light the day before, but now she did. Where were all the infected?
The air still had the slightest hint of cinnamon and blood. 
Movement below caught her eye and she looked down to the road below that she now knew lead towards Brisbane. They would have to get down there and walk along it.
Thick green shrubs and bush lined either side of the road and Chandra could see them rustling, shifting in an unnatural way. 
Chandra felt a mixed surge of excitement and fear when from under the overpass came five figures. They had backpacks and a black and white dog. All of them huddled together as they hiked up the hot black asphalt. Chandra almost went to call out to them, but she remembered the only other survivors she had seen. If this group were like them, she didn’t want them to know they were there.
Chandra’s eyes were caught again by the rustling bushes, but on the other side of the highway this time. Then on both sides. Then slowly out came the infected, five from either side, they lumbered quickly and quietly towards the unsuspecting group. 
As the dog began to bark, Chandra’s mum gasped and went to yell out, but Chandra covered her mouth and shook her head. The infected didn’t need to know they were there either.
Chandra quickly placed the FU4242 on the ledge of the overpass. If only this thing had a scope, she thought, as her mother reached over, touching a few indistinguishable places on the gun. Out of the top morphed what appeared to be a scope. It all happened so fast.
The survivors ran, the dog stood behind them barking wildly at their pursuers. The infected moved fast, much faster than the survivors. Chandra took aim and shot at the one in the lead. The blue flash shot out and took the first one down, its head exploding from its shoulders. 
Both sides of the dinner party kept running. One of the survivors was lagging and an infected was close behind them. Chandra shot the infected’s leg off. Then the next one she shot through the mid-section, splitting the thing in two, sending tendrils of yellow/orange gunk all over the road.
While she wasn’t looking, the straggler she had just saved was taken down by an infected. Chandra heard the screams as the infected chowed down on the person’s face and tore at their chest. Chandra couldn’t get one without killing both. She killed the next one with a shot to the upper back and then went back to mercy kill the person being attacked. 
The infected’s head popped off its body and rolled to the side. The screams stopped straight away. 
She took a moment to assess the situation, but the remaining five infected were already rushing back to shelter in the trees. She managed to pick off three more before they were out of sight.
The survivors didn’t even look back. They just kept on running. 
The dog had stopped though. Chandra watched as it trotted back to the dead survivor. It licked a couple of times at the mangled face and yipped. Then it simply lay down next to the body and howled.
Chandra felt that adrenaline again, but this time she was not shaky. She felt alive. 
She looked to her mother who was just staring at her. ‘What?’ Chandra was worried by the calm smile on her mother’s face.
‘You shoot well,’ she said. 
Chandra smiled. ‘Thanks,’ she said. ‘We should get down there and see what’s in the backpack.’
‘Not with those things down there,’ said her mum.
‘We have to go down there anyway. We need to use that road to get to Brisbane,’ said Chandra, shouldering the FU4242 and heading to the car to get Alyx.
‘Can’t we use the walkways? Can’t we go some other way?’ asked her mum, following close behind.
‘The big roads are safer, Mum. Out in the open where we can see them coming,’ she said, opening the car door and picking up the still sleeping Alyx.
‘Yes … Yes … We must keep safe,’ said her mother. 
Chandra gave Alyx some more water, handed the little girl to her mother and then they were off again. They went down the exit ramp towards Brisbane, Chandra on alert, holding the FU4242 at the ready. 
The dog growled as they approached the bloodbath on the highway. But as they got closer the dog wagged its tail slightly then put its head back down next to its dead master. 
Chandra called to the dog, but it wouldn’t move, so she had to brave it and hope the dog wouldn’t bite her. ‘Hey, buddy,’ she said to the dog, bending down to let him sniff her hand and keeping one eye on the bushes behind her mother, just in case the infected decided to attack again. 
She looked at the person she had killed, the headless infected slumped on top off him. He had been an older man, judging by what was left of his face. Chandra was happy Alyx was not conscious. 
She pushed the infected off the man and the black and white dog stood up, wagging his tail hopefully. The dead man had a gaping hole in his chest, she could see his singed ribs and hollowed out chest cavity where the FU4242 had done its work. She tried not to feel guilty. She tried to tell herself that he wouldn’t have survived much longer, that he had been in pain, but it was no use. Chandra sobbed for the man. The dog lay back down, his chin rested on his owner’s bloody shoulder.
‘Sorry, buddy. I’m so sorry,’ she cried and patted the dog on the head. The dog lent into her hand and closed its big eyes. She wiped the tears from her face and rolled the man over to get to his pack. But it was useless. The bag had been obliterated in the blast, but she could see the remains of water bottles and food. 
She let the body go and it landed back on the road with a sickening wet smack.
‘Well, you really do have good aim,’ said her mother and the statement took her back to her childhood to a memory, long ago tucked away.
Out in the paddock with the cows. Her father standing behind her, showing her how to ‘sight up a target.’ ‘When taking shots at long distance, Panda, it’s good to hold your breath before taking your shot. That way your hands are steady,’ he had said to her as he stood back. 
Chandra had looked through the sight at the soda cans, not empty ones. Her father liked the way the full ones exploded when you hit them. He had said it was more rewarding.
‘I don’t feel well, Daddy. Do I have to shoot today?’ asked Charlotte.
‘Mummy says you do. And what do we do when Mummy says something?’ he had asked them.
Chandra closed her other eye and held her breath. ‘Do it,’ she said and took her shot. The soda can exploded into frothy shrapnel and Chandra smiled.
‘Well, you really do have good aim,’ her mother had said, standing on the back porch of the house. ‘But it’s time to come in for milk.’
‘I don’t want it, Mummy!’ Charlotte whined. ‘The milk tastes funny. I want the one out of the bottle.’
Chandra gave the gun back to her father who placed it on his shoulder as if it were a baseball bat. Chandra looked up at his face, he was worried. She could see it in the lines across his brow, the dark circles under his eyes. She slipped her little hand into his and he looked down at her and smiled. But it was not of happiness. She knew that smile. It was an ‘I’m sorry’ smile. They were going to have a fight. They would scream at each other, then mum would lose it and dad would have to cradle her on the floor until she calmed down. 
Chandra saved him the trouble of sending them to bed. She took her little sister’s hand. It was sweaty and hot. She led her into the house, grabbed their glasses of milk that were on the table, there were four in total, and took them into her room and closed the door behind them. 
‘Drink your milk,’ she said to her baby sister. ‘I know it tastes funny, but just drink it.’ Her little sister’s eyes were shiny. She took the glass and drank the milk slowly. Chandra chugged hers in four large gulps that hurt on the way down. 
She could hear the yelling. She tried not to listen, but it was hard. 
‘Can’t you see!’ her father screamed.
‘But the cows!’ her mother screamed back. 
Chandra lay down on her bed, her sister by her side snuggled up in her arms, leg thrown over her body. Her head had swam and thumped. She was getting one of the headaches again. Charlotte had shivered in her arms as they drifted off to sleep.
‘Buttercup,’ said her mother.
Chandra looked up from the dead man with no chest to her mother who still stood there cradling Alyx in her arms.
‘You had to do it, Buttercup. You did the right thing,’ she said. ‘By sacrificing one you saved the others.’
Movement caught Chandra’s eye and the dog behind her barked. ‘Mum! Move!’ Chandra jumped up and aimed the FU4242 at two infected that were hurtling towards them. BANG, BANG. Two blue shots straight to their heads. Their bodies flopped to the ground, spraying the yellow/orange junk inside them into the air. It is more rewarding, thought Chandra. 
She put the strap of the FU4242 over her shoulder again and thought about it. With its fleshy metal and the blue muzzle flash, it was a very strange weapon indeed. ‘Mum, what the fuck is this gun?’ she said giving it a pat.
‘It’s the FU4242, Buttercup,’ her mother said, rocking from side to side, looking at the still twitching infected.
‘I know that,’ she said. She noticed that the infected with one leg was slowly dragging itself over to them. She walked over to it and casually shot it in the face.
She turned back around to see her mother just staring up at the sky. ‘They’re almost here,’ said her mother. 
Chandra followed her mother’s gaze, but saw nothing. ‘C’mon, let’s get moving then.’ 
They continued on in the direction of the city. Chandra turned back to the dog, who just lay there next to its owner. ‘C’mon, buddy.’ She whistled for the dog to follow, his ears pricked up, but nothing more. She clapped her knees, trying to coax him, but he wouldn’t budge. She wished she had a leash to lead him with or a treat to convince him to follow, but she had nothing. She couldn’t force him to leave his dead master.
She turned and tried to force herself to feel cold indifference. But still, she cried as she walked away. 
It wasn’t long before they found the remains of the group they had just tried to save. Eaten and torn apart. 
They had to find a safer place than just a car to sleep in.
*~*~*
The planet the humans called Earth was a relatively small taking compared to some of the monstrous planets they had harvested over the millennia. But it was proving more difficult than expected. The humans’ immune systems were coping better than the strangers thought they would. Their quantum entanglement regulator workers had been working overtime to control the infected, getting them to pick off the immune.
One of their workers had reported something strange while in Quantum Entanglement. A material type foreign to the planet. The worker’s superior took note of it, but put it down to the fact that the worker was new. The superior knew they had cross checked the planet for implications. Everyone makes mistakes.
*~*~*
Day 11
They had found an abandoned service station to sleep in the night. All the food and water had been ransacked, even the pet food. Next to the service station was a McDonalds. Chandra had raided that of a few packs of pancake syrup, but everything else had been taken. The windows had been smashed and glass lay on the tiles, sparkling in the moonlight. There were no lights in the city, something had happened to the power. 
In the service station, Chandra had made Alyx sit up and drink the syrup. Her eyes flickered open briefly and Chandra could feel the heat radiating from the girl. She didn’t want to admit it, but the girl seemed infected. Soon she would become one of those … 
Chandra didn’t want to admit what they seemed like, but they were zombies. Whether her mother was right or not – Chandra had yet to see anything to suggest aliens – The infected were no longer human.
The three of them slept in the store room with the door locked and barricaded, amongst the empty boxes of food. The FU4242 in her hands.
Chandra’s eyes flickered open in the morning light and was startled to see Alyx standing over the top of her. The little girl was ghastly white and streaked with the red mud from days ago. 
Chandra gripped her gun.
‘Alyx?’ she said, trying to look into the girl’s eyes to see if she was gone, dread eating away at her stomach. She didn’t want to kill a child. She didn’t even know if she could.
The girl blinked a couple of times. ‘Is my mummy dead?’ she asked.
Tears of joy and sadness sprang to Chandra’s eyes and she leapt up and hugged the little girl. ‘No, no, no, Buttercup. We’ll find your mum … We just have to get some place safe first,’ Chandra lied.
‘Where’re we going?’ asked Alyx, whimpering into Chandra’s neck.
Chandra looked at her still sleeping mother and then back at Alyx. ‘You wanna see?’ The little girl nodded. Chandra tried to tuck one of Alyx’s muddy curls behind her ear. ‘C’mon.’
She slung the FU4242 over her shoulder again and took Alyx by the hand. 
As she reached for the door knob, she stopped just in front of it. She looked down at Alyx and signalled for her to be quiet. She could hear movement just outside the door. Scratching and scurrying. 
Chandra pushed Alyx behind her and readied her gun. She quietly unlocked the door and opened it. Swinging it open quickly and using her body to keep it open and pointing the gun at the intruder, prepared to fill them with blue flame.
Alyx gasped as they saw who had been scratching around in the debris. 
‘A puppy!’ exclaimed Alyx and Chandra relaxed as she saw the wagging tail of the black and white dog they’d left behind. He ran up to her and jumped up on her legs.
‘Hey, buddy,’ said Chandra as she pet the dog’s soft fur. 
Alyx ran over and cuddled the dog’s neck. ‘Is that his name?’ she asked.
Chandra looked at the dog. It had no tags or even a collar. ‘I guess so,’ she said.
‘Hi Buddy!’ Alyx said as she scratched the dog’s ears.
Chandra looked at the little girl who, only just the night before, had appeared to be waiting for death to collect her. There was no doubt in Chandra’s mind now that she had been infected, but she had survived. The thought struck her hard. Why wasn’t she infected? Chandra had been without a mask for days now and nothing.
‘So, you wanna see where we’re going?’ she asked.
Alyx didn’t stop patting Buddy. ‘Uhuh!’
Chandra walked out into the ransacked service station, Alyx and Buddy in tow. The morning sunlight streamed in through the broken windows, casting jagged shards of shadow and light over the litter. She was kicking an empty box of tampons out of the way when something caught her eye. It glittered deliciously, hidden under a toppled shelf.
Chandra felt a surge inside her, hunger and excitement, but she tried not to let it show as she lifted the shelf and pulled it out, just in case it was empty. It was a bag of cookies. A full, unopened, bag of cookies. Chandra couldn’t remember the last cookie she had eaten.
She turned to Alyx, holding up the treasure and the little girl’s green eyes widdened as she gasped. Both Alyx and Buddy shot over to Chandra and stood waiting eagerly in front of her, the dog sitting, sweeping the dirty ground with its piebald tail.
Chandra allowed herself to laugh at the sweet innocence of youth and animals. 
She tore open the bag and the smell of the cookies wafted up to her. She involuntarily put her face in the bag and inhaled, then offered it to Alyx to do the same. Buddy jumped around excitedly, probably expecting himself to be next.
Alyx went to put her hand in to grab a cookie, but she looked up to Chandra first, seeking approval. Chandra nodded and Alyx dug into the bag, taking a cookie in each hand and devouring them in no time. Chandra had to resist the urge to do the same. Instead she threw Buddy a cookie, then took just one out for herself and ate it slowly. The taste of the biscuit as it crumbled and melted in her mouth was exquisite. Her mouth filled up with the flavour and it sent a shiver right through her.
And just like that, once again, she was back to her childhood. Her and Charlotte had been sitting at the dining table where they ate breakfast. Her mother had come home the previous day. Their father sat across from them pouring milk into two big glasses from a carton. The last carton of milk that entered their house.
Her father looked worn out. Dark circles under his red-rimmed eyes and his lips hung at the corners, a frown so deep Chandra thought she would never see him smile again.
He handed them a plate of cookies and the glasses of milk. They both eagerly began eating the sweet treats they had been getting so freely while her father had been in charge.
Chandra heard the shuffling of her mother behind her as she stumbled out of her workspace. The shuffling turned into running and then their mother was upon them, screaming wildly and batting the cookies out their hands, trying to dig them out of their mouths.
‘Woah, woah, woah!’ her father had said as he rushed to hold back their mother. 
‘No! They can’t eat it! I must keep them safe! Poison! Poison!’ she screamed as she held Chandra by the chin and dug into her mouth to get the cookies out. Their father wrestled their mother from behind. Chandra cried out in shock and pain as her mother’s fingernails cut into the roof of her mouth.
Their father dragged their mother to the ground as she screamed, milk spilled onto the floor. He held her tightly and stroked her hair.
Both girls cried as they went to the floor with their parents, hugging them both. 
‘It’s okay. We will keep them safe. We will get through this,’ their father crooned.
He had begun work on the farm the next day.
Chandra swallowed the cookie down hard, now a tasteless lump in her mouth. She wasn’t hungry anymore, even though her ribs had begun to show. 
‘C’mon. Let’s go look at the city,’ said Chandra as she rolled up the bag of cookies and tucked them under her arm.
The three walked outside where they could see the city skyline. Buddy began to bark. Alyx put her hand out to Chandra as they stood there staring at the city. They stood silently and just stared up at the sky where a giant, black triangular-shaped ship hung there. Chandra took Alyx’s hand and held on tightly.
‘They’re here,’ whispered Chandra as she looked on in terror at the colossal ship hovering in the sky.
All of a sudden, infected emerged from everywhere. Limp loose bodies tumbling towards them. Chandra shot off a few rounds at the stampede, but it didn’t slow them down.
Still gripping Alyx’s hand, Chandra dashed back into the service station. Buddy stood strong, barking and snarling at the infected despite Alyx screaming for him to follow.
Once they were all in, including Buddy, she slammed the door shut and locked it. She shook her mother awake. Her mother’s eyes snapped open behind the dirty glass of the gasmask. Chandra started regretting all the years of disbelief. ‘They’re here.’
Dr Margret Swanson sat up and took off her gasmask. ‘It’s time.’ She held out her hand for Chandra to help her up. She straightened her foil cap and hugged her daughter. ‘I’m sorry, Buttercup,’ she said, taking a step back.
Chandra looked in her mother’s eyes; she looked as lucid as Chandra could ever remember.
‘We don’t have the farm anymore, so we are going to have to get up high. You are right, we have to get to my old lab. But we have to get there fast,’ said her mother. 
‘There are infected everywhere,’ said Chandra, trying to control her breathing. Buddy was growling at the door. ‘We’re trapped.’
Dr Margret Swanson rubbed her belly. She took the FU4242 off Chandra and looked at it for a few moments. ‘What did they say again?’ she mumbled to herself as she touched a few points on the gun. The barrel of the rifle transformed, sinking back on itself, getting wider in the middle, the tip turning into a fat diamond shape. ‘That’s it!’
‘Mum, you didn’t make this gun, did you?’ asked Chandra, accepting the gun back, already knowing the answer.
‘No, Buttercup. They gave it to me,’ said Dr Margret Swanson.
‘And they are the good aliens?’ asked Chandra.
‘Shhhh …’ said her mother, tapping her foil cap.
‘But your company mass produced them?’ said Chandra.
‘They produced something like this,’ her mother said.
‘We can’t talk about this anymore. I think the strangers already know something’s up. That’s why they have sent their entanglement zombies,’ said her mother.
Suddenly, there was a loud crash. Buddy’s haunches were raised, his tail rigid as he went crazy at the door.
Chandra looked to her mother. Dr Swanson nodded at her daughter. ‘We cannot fail, Chandra! Do you understand?’
She didn’t, but she readied her FU4242 anyway and handed her mother the pistol which was still tucked in the back of her jeans. 
Her mother grabbed Alyx, shielding her from what was about to come. ‘We have to be brave, okay,’ Dr Swanson said to the little girl. ‘We have to be like soldiers.’
Chandra took a deep breath in, and with Buddy at her side, she burst through the door.
She hesitantly fired the newly transformed FU4242. Without thinking, without aiming, trying not to notice the sheer number of infected that had packed into the service station. 
The FU4242 went off like a bomb. An explosion of blue light mushroomed out of the gun, devastating the infected that had been waiting for them. It surged through their bodies like a wave. Pulverizing all of them on impact. 
Chandra looked back at her mother, shocked. ‘Fuck, I love this gun.’
They ran through the service station, trying to avoid the chunks of flesh leftover from her rampage. They ran outside and down the highway towards the city. Her mother paused when she saw the giant ship in the sky, but Chandra took her by the hand and pulled her along. 
Infected came at them from every direction. Chandra unloaded the blue wave of death, decimating their flesh, but it barely even sent a ripple through the trees behind them.
Suddenly, Alyx overtook them and ran in front of her firing line. ‘Alyx!’ screamed Chandra, but somehow the blue wave seemed to pass straight through the little girl, as if it were no more than light. 
Chandra grabbed hold of Alyx in relief, holding her close. She no longer needed marksmanship, she had her very own handheld weapon of mass carnage. 
But the infected just kept coming. 
‘Do you remember where to go, Mum?’ Chandra asked.
‘Like I had never stopped working there,’ said her mother.
The city’s tall buildings loomed above them as they ran. The strangers’ ship filled the sky, an ominous storm cloud awaiting its moment to bring down the rain.
‘This way,’ shouted her mother.
Chandra turned a corner and immediately blasted the infected that were charging towards her. 
Alyx stumbled, falling to her knees on the black asphalt, Chandra swiftly turned to grab her. There were more infected closing in and she shot at them over Alyx’s head. She picked up the little girl and threw her onto her back. ‘Hold on!’
Alyx listened and clung on with her legs, her arms wrapped tightly around Chandra’s chest and throat. But Chandra barely noticed because, up ahead, another horde of infected powered towards her mother. She fired, taking them out just in time.
‘This is it!’ said her mother, turning towards a tall building with glass front doors that had been smashed in. They stepped through the doors and ran for the stairs. But the stairwell doors were locked from the other side. But it gave her a spark of hope for her friend.
‘Wow!’ she screamed as she let off another blast from the FU4242. ‘Wow!’
They heard a noise from behind the door and then a voice came through, shaky and muffled, but familiar. ‘Panda? Is that you?’
‘Yes! Now, open the fucking door, Wow!’ she said.
He unlocked the door and they all scrambled through.
A young man stood in front of her, tall and lean, his face gaunt and scared. She didn’t hesitate. She flung herself at him. ‘Fuck, I’m glad you made it!’ she said as he returned her embrace.
‘What happened to you guys?’ he asked, looking them over.
‘There was a flood and our house caved in and …’ Chandra stopped for a second, just now able to take notice of the mud and blood and dirt all over herself.
‘Woah! Is that an FU4242?’ he asked.
‘Yeah,’ Chandra said looking down at her weapon. ‘But it’s not the one you know. It’s better.’
‘We don’t have time to explain. I must get up to the roof,’ said her mother.
‘Dr Margret Swanson?’ Wowfood said with a note of awe in his voice. 
‘Enough chit chat,’ said her mother as she stormed passed them towards the stairs. ‘We are running out of time. The invasion will begin soon. Mr Wow, could you please take Alyx down to the carpark? Like the ants … like the ants …’
Wowfood didn’t question her, he simply picked up the little girl and walked down the stairs, Buddy following behind them.
Chandra and her mother jogged up the stairs. 
After the run through the city, jogging up the staircase was brutal, but it is amazing what adrenaline and a fear of being eaten alive by the undead will force you to do. They struggled up the last few steps, finally reaching the door at the top.
Dr Margret Swanson opened the door, letting in a blast of warm sweet air. From up high, Chandra could see the amount of dead people blossoming with fungi on the surrounding rooftops. She could also see that the sky, as far as the eye could see, was littered with the strangers’ ships. 
 ‘What do we do now, Mum,’ Chandra asked, as the ship above began to move.
Her mother came to her and took her by the hands. ‘You must listen to me. You need to use the FU4242. You will need to attach it to the device and set it up. Then you must run. Underground. Like the ants … like that ants …’ She took the gun off Chandra and pressed a few indistinguishable points. Once again the gun morphed and changed. The butt of the gun separated to form a tripod and the muzzle opened out into a star.
‘Why me?’ she asked.
‘Because you are the only one who can. I’d planned for your sister to be here to help you, but she didn’t survive the inoculations,’ said her mother.
‘What inoculations?’ asked Chandra.
‘In the milk, Buttercup. Your father said it was a bad idea, but if he could see how things have turned out, he would understand. He would understand …’
Chandra’s mind reeled. ‘But Charlotte died from the fever?’ she questioned, not wanting to believe the ugly truth.
‘No, Buttercup. Your sister died from the infection, from the Cordyceps. I knew I had to protect you both. Having the farm was not enough. I knew the food would eventually become contaminated so I knew that we needed our own controlled food source. I knew I had to figure out a way to protect you when the spores were airborne. That’s why I began vaccinating you both with the milk.’
‘What?’ Unmitigated fury rose up from Chandra’s belly. ‘You killed Charlotte!’
Her mother sighed and shook her head. ‘Your dad didn’t understand either. I had to keep you both safe. I didn’t kill her, I saved you. Please, try to understand, Buttercup. If I’d have done nothing, I would’ve lost you both.’ 
Dr Swanson looked up at the ship above them. ‘We’re running out of time.’ She hugged her daughter, but Chandra didn’t hug her mother back. ‘I love you, Buttercup,’ she whispered into Chandra’s ear. 
Chandra felt for a moment her mother fumbling in the back of her jeans. ‘Remember what I told you, Buttercup,’ her mother said, backing away, holding Bob’s hunting knife. 
‘Mum … What are you doing?’ she asked, lunging for the knife, but she wasn’t quick enough. It all happened too fast.
Dr Margret Swanson drove the blade deep into the side of her own gut and dragged the blade across, spilling her bowels onto the ground.
Chandra screamed and rushed to her mother who had collapsed on the ground amongst her own viscera. Her mother’s hands shakily searched her entrails and came back bloody and holding a small object. She handed it to Chandra.
Chandra was trying desperately to shove her mother’s organs back into her body when she saw the object in her mother’s hand. ‘Connect the device … remember what I said … Like the ants …’ her eyes were growing dark, the foil cap fell off her head and in a whisper she said, ‘Like the ants …’ 
The smell of her mother’s blood was thick in the air. Chandra couldn’t help but taste it as she screamed. It was sticky and warm on her arms as she cradled her mother’s head and rocked back and forth. She had stopped bothering to put back the intestines that had spilled from her mother’s belly. It was too late. There was no going back now.
Chandra wiped the hair away from her mother’s open, lifeless eyes and cried. The blood smeared across her mother’s pale forehead, bright crimson in the fading light. 
She didn’t want to do this alone. 
She thought about her mother’s last words. 
Chandra pulled herself together and kissed her mother’s forehead. ‘Okay, Mum. Like the ants … Like the ants …’ 
Chandra let her mother’s head drop to the ground as she stood up. She could feel the blood cooling on her skin, on her clothes. She held the device out in her hands. Suddenly, Chandra felt numb as she realised that it had been inside her mother all these years. 
She looked up at the ship in the sky. It had begun to spin, its surface shifted. She had to hurry. 
Moving to the FU4242 that she had dropped to the ground when her mother had disembowelled herself, she stood it up on the tripod it had made and looked at the now star-shaped barrel. She looked at the bloody device in her hand, turning it over and over. One side was covered in small nubs that looked like barnacles, the other had a star shaped indent – it didn’t take a genius.
She attached the device and the FU4242 seemed to fuse to it, growing together. 
Chandra took one last look at the thing in the sky above and pressed the trigger. The gun began to glow blue and bright. It whirred a strange high pitched squeal that slowly got louder and louder. She wanted to see what it was going to do, but instead she turned and ran.
She pounded down the stairs. The sound following her. The squealing got so loud it hurt Chandra’s ears. She began jumping down the steps two or three at a time, finally getting to the very bottom just as the squealing stopped. 
She rushed into the carpark, seeing Alyx, Buddy and Wowfood as silence fell on everything and Chandra knew. ‘Get down!’ she screamed just as there was a sonic whooooomp. She dived over trio, trying to protect them from what might come.
Everything shook. 
The building above rumbled.
Chandra felt the world become distant as the sound and the vibrations made her head spin out of control.
Then there was silence again. 
*~*~*
Day 12
The sky was bluer than Chandra had ever seen. Thick snowfall of ash had coated the ground outside. 
The air smelled fresh and clean. Chandra breathed it in as she stared up at the clear sky above the city’s scrapers. 
Alyx chased Buddy around the empty street, laughing as the ash kicked up in silver clouds at their feet.
Wowfood came to stand next to Chandra and he took her hand. ‘So,’ Chandra said, turning to Wow. ‘You never got to tell me how you got the name.’
‘Well …’ Wowfood started. 
As he told her the story Chandra worried about what the world would become in the future. And if there would even be a future. 
She was yet to see any other survivors, or any dead for that matter. The FU4242 was gone and so were the ships.
They never got to see the saviours, even though Chandra had wanted to. She was half expecting them to come down and introduce themselves … but they didn’t.
There was no way for them to know how many people had survived, if any. And as for rebuilding … that was also a mystery.
The human race had sacrificed many to save their species.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Genome
*~*~*
“With nothing left but intense guilt and deepest regret, I, Kensington Alton Holloway, III do hereby pen my last entry into this, my journal, with the hope that someday the aberrations we have created might somehow pass on to select for a purer race to displace that which is our utmost shame and folly.  Or maybe they will eradicate themselves and a small pocket of humanity has managed to escape the heightened sense in our enemies.  It all started just a little more than eight years ago.  I was fresh out of the University, Oxford, where I had finished my post doctorate studies and was hungry to whet my appetite in something that was formerly forbidden by society, as it should have been.  But times changed, governments lie to their people, and a very select few of us were inducted into a secret project called the Albion Project.  A romantic name and notion for something that has consigned us all to burn in Hell for eternity for our sins against humanity and God Himself!  Anyway, I digress.  The story begins thusly...”
*~*~*
July 29, 2072
“Welcome to Albion Dr. Holloway!” the pig-faced general greeted me at the helipad.  “I’m sure you will find this project something to your liking!  Your résumé is quite impressive, I must say.” he added, smiling an ugly, yet kind smile to the young scientist...
“Why, thank you, General,” Kensington replied, taken aback by the man’s admiration for one so recently graduated and untried in the real world.
“We have gathered the finest scientists to work on this project, and with your accomplishments at such a prestigious university, I made sure you were recruited.”  His ugly smile grew a little broader.
“I really don’t know what to say...,” Kensington replied.
“You don’t have to say a thing, my dear doctor,” General Appleby said.  “You just have to do what you do best, for His Majesty, the King and for England.  That is all we ask.”  The general’s face lost its smile, which was actually an improvement.  But the implication behind what he said was much more serious than Kensington could fathom.
“I will do my best, Sir,” Kensington replied in earnest.
Together, they entered into a small domed structure, akin in look to a bubble that had partially risen from the ground.  The fact that the dome was somewhat buried, with grass growing on the roof and sides, only added to the illusion.  Inside, the little room was occupied only three armed soldiers, one standing on either side of an elevator door and the third standing in front of the general and Kensington.  They snapped to attention, then pulled their rifles up and aimed them at the duo as the third stepped in front of the two who had just entered.  He raised a hand in a gesture to stop them, which they did.
 “Who are you and what business do you have in this place?” he asked, with a strong cockney accent.
“General Appleby, of His Majesty’s Royal Army and Dr. Kensington Holloway, from Oxford.” he answered.  “We are here for the Albion Project,” he replied, making several strange gestures with his hands.  Then he walked to the side wall where a pair of binocular-type lenses were sticking out of the wall.  A bright flash on his face followed by “Welcome, General Horace Appleby,” in a soft, feminine voice said.  “General,” it continued, “What does the color blue smell like?”
“It smells like the White Cliffs of Dover in the midst of a Fairy Tale Dream,” he said, looking at the sentry in front of him.  The sentry was making strange gestures at the general who was studying the movements closely.  Then the general nodded, and the sentry walked to the viewer and let his retinas be scanned.
“Welcome, Sergeant. Raymond Banner,” the voice purred.  Sergeant. Banner walked to the guard on his left, took position, while the guard walked to the scanner and repeated the drill.
“Welcome, Corporal William Clarence Smith,” the voice said.  He then replaced the guard on the right.
“Welcome, Corporal James Hillary Wood.”  Corporal Wood then replaced Sergeant Banner who stood before the General and snapped to attention.  The guards on either side of the door pulled out keys and entered one in a key hole in the middle of a line of five on each side of the door.  They simultaneously turned their keys and then took a second key, each one placed in a different hole from the other, and again, simultaneously turned their keys.  They then did a third key, again in a different keyhole from the other, but this time the guard on the left turned his key a little before the guard on the right. 
The elevator door opened and the general and his charge entered.  The general looked at the quizzical expression on Kensington’s face.  He looked at the young scientist, amused.
“Can’t have too much security, you know.”  Kensington said nothing in response, but just nodded, his expression deepening.  The elevator went down... and down... and down.  Kensington felt a little bit panicky inside.
“Just how far down does this elevator go?” he asked.  The general looked at him expressionless as he answered.
“The floor you will be going to is one-hundred feet under the structure we entered.  That is all you need to know for now.”  The general had to fight hard to suppress the mirth rising up in him at the comical expression of shock on Kensington’s face.  They rode the elevator down for over a minute before it stopped and the doors opened, revealing antiseptic-white walls down a hallway that branched to the left and the right after fifty meters.  But a side door opened before they got that far and the general put a restraining hand on the younger man’s shoulder.
“Don’t ever go that way,” he pointed to the end of the hallway where they were headed.
“Why?” Kensington asked.  In answer, the general reached into his uniform pocket and pulled out a plum, the pitched it down the hall.  It traveled only three feet in the air then vaporized.  
“Welcome to your new home, Dr. Holloway.  I don’t advise you travel unattended for a while.  This place is full of traps like that.  Now let me show you to your quarters.”
*~*~*
Kensington started work the next day, his roommate, Eric Johnson, guiding him along the many twists and turns of the labyrinthine complex.  He explained what the research they would be working on was, at which point Kensington’s interests peaked.
“You cannot be serious!”  Kensington exclaimed.  “I thought that kind of research had been outlawed!”
“It was, and still kind of is,” Eric replied.  “Welcome to covert research in His Majesty’s Service.”
“What if someone finds out?  Won’t that cause worldwide repercussions?”
Eric laughed.  “Of COURSE it would.  But they would nuke this facility so fast there wouldn’t be any proof.”  His eyes were still laughing as he said this.  Kensington looked sick.
“Surely you jest,” he remarked.
“I assure you I don’t,” Eric said, his expression becoming serious.  “THAT is why we don’t tell anybody what we are doing.  So we can stay alive and enjoy the perks that go along with this job.”  Kensington was quiet, the words of his roommate sinking in.
“It makes sense, I guess,” Kensington said.  Eric clapped him on the back and laughed.
“Let me show you the lab!” he said.
“Yes! Do!” Kensington said, excited.
The marched through many hallways, some with windows in the walls, where one could see the work being done inside.  Many were just offices with many cubicles.  Some had desks with monitors in which people were seated at them and monitoring very carefully.  Still others were laboratories with many different kinds of animals, some Kensington couldn’t even name.  The one that caught his attention, however, was a lab with animals that looked like a mix of species.  He stopped and stared.  Eric said, nothing, but just looked at his roommate, studying his reaction.
Kensington saw a mouse that was hugely muscled and had teeth like a cat.  It even made mewling type noise which could be barely heard through the glass.  Another was built like a spider monkey, but its face was almost canine in appearance, and its eyes had thin, slit-like pupils, like certain snake species.  Kensington looked with fascination for a good ten minutes before he said anything.
“Extraordinary!” he finally said.  “Are these specimens...?”
“Genetically engineered hybrids?  You guessed it!” Eric replied, smiling again.  “Which brings us to OUR workplace.”  He turned and walked down the hall, Kensington almost running to catch up.  They stopped in front of a massive door, with four guards in front of it.  Eric walked to a cubby in the right side of the hallway, put his face to the now-familiar retinal scanning eye pieces.  At the same time, he put his right hand on a glass plate and whispered into a small microphone just below the scanner.  The door boomed and started to open, the guards allowing them passage.  Once in the room beyond, the door closed behind them, the many locks re-engaging themselves.
“What happened to all of the funny gesturing and passwords?” Kensington asked.
“That’s just for the surface.  I placed my hand on a scanner plate which measured not just the prints on my hand, but also if I was sweating unusually hard as if stressed as well as the word I whispered.  That was also measured for truthfulness in what I told it.  The guards do not have passwords for the labs, and they have no idea what’s in there.”
“Oh...” Kensington said.  “I get it.”
“Good.  Now shall we proceed?” Eric asked.
“I must say that I insist,” Kensington smiled.
*~*~*
August 5, 2072
I have decided to keep a journal.  I have never believed such a thing possible, as I always felt it was for people who had nothing better to do with their time.  But I digress.  I don’t want to forget a single moment of what I am experiencing here!  It is absolutely amazing!  The research I have been asked to participate in made me hesitate at first, as it seemed that what they were proposing was impossible to achieve.  But now I am fully onboard!  The research in this laboratory is so top secret, but I can keep my journal here, so long as it never leaves the lab.
The idea of this project is to genetically engineer human beings to heal at a more accelerated rate, so there would be less need to see doctors, have to be operated on, etcetera.  Maybe we will be the ones to finally find the genetic codes to cure all of our ailments.  
No more cancer!  No more birth defects!  No more death?  The possibilities are endless!  I am so excited I can hardly contain myself!  I will see the rest of the facility tomorrow.  I get to start on the first specimen in the morning.  But today, I have to spend most of the day getting medically cleared.
*~*~*
December 24, 2072
We have labored for many weeks, lost many embryos that couldn’t incorporate the changes we had engineered into their DNA.  But finally, Eric discovered something that was in front of us ALL, and may have finished the program had Eric not seen something so obvious!  The genes spliced in were on the correct chromosomes, but not at the correct sites ON those chromosomes!  The genetic markers were almost identical to and so near the insertion site.  Just a slight miscalculation, too!  A stupid and time-costly mistake!  We shall not make it again!
We DO have fifteen embryos, however, that have incorporated the changes well.  These were “mistakes” and were what had tipped Eric off as to the problem.  They are each one month old today, and the staff sang “Happy Birthday” to them.
I am so excited.
*~*~*
May 5, 2073
The birthing of our “children” is at hand.  The DNA spliced into their genomes has apparently allowed for some faster growth, though not by much.  I haven’t gotten to see them since we first put the engineered DNA into the barren ova and placed them into the incubator.  We have managed to bring fifteen of the original to term.  Today, the team gets to see the end result of our labors.
Kensington closed his notebook.  He had decided to keep a paper notebook to write his journal in instead of on a tablet or other electronic device.  He told everybody who had asked him why he still kept an old-fashioned journal that he was “an old-fashioned” kind of guy.  Truth be told, Kensington had learned to not trust the electronic devices.  He knew how easy it was to hack into these programs.  And he really didn’t trust the people around him.  In his short time at the research facility, Kensington, naive as a child when he started there, had seen people stealing from each other, cheat on their partners, purposely sabotage the research of others so they could look better in front of their superiors – in short, he started to see the basest behaviors of his fellow man, and it sickened him.
Eric came bursting into his room, his face lit up with excitement.  “Come ON, `Kensington!  You don’t want to miss this, do you?”  His eyes were wild with impatience.  Kensington put his thigh on the notebook to cover most of it up, but Eric paid no heed to the action.  Instead he turned and headed back out the door, his footsteps echoing back up the hall.  Kensington slipped the slim notebook between the mattress and frame of his bunk and followed the path Eric had taken to get to the laboratory.
He navigated the path in relatively quick time, entering the lab just in time.  The scientists were there as were several generals, and to his surprise, a few major Parliament members.  General Appleby was there, of course, his pig-like face concentrating on the curtain that separated their work from view.  Kensington let his gaze wander around the group.  He saw faces that were familiar only because he worked in the same lab as they did.  Only one face did his eyes seek, and they found – the plain featured face of Dr. Jeanette Hall.  Why, he wasn’t sure.  But he found her intriguing.  She looked up and their eyes met for a moment, and he looked away.  Dr. Lindfest, the eldest scientist in the group walked to the front of the group and turned to face them, the curtain at his back.  When all of the whispering in the assembled group faded away, Lindfest smiled.
“Well, my fellow patriots!  Let us behold our “children” shall we?”  Lindfest turned and walked into the next room.  Inside was a small amphitheater, with fifty seats set in a partial semi-circular pattern.  There were five rows, each row higher than the one before it, allowing all to get a better view of the scene on the other side of the glass. He lifted his hand and his thumb mashed a button on the remote he held.  A hum sounded as the motors that pulled the curtain along the metal track it rode in, causing the curtains to part in the middle, allowing for all to view the room beyond the glass.
  The room had been darkened just prior to the curtains opening, and a dark blue light in the background became the only light in the room, leaving the fifteen figures that stood in glass-domed containers to stand as silhouettes to the audience.
Panic gripped Kensington’s heart.  They didn’t look quite right.  At least their silhouettes didn’t.  Maybe it was just the way they were standing.  He heard a gasp and looked to his right.  Dr. Talbot was looking at the silhouetted specimens with a look that MUST have mirrored his own.  His attention snapped back to the specimens before them as a light in the foremost case turned on, showing the specimen standing there.  
The creature was amazing!  It stood over two meters tall, had thick hair on its heavily muscled arms, and its huge chest.  The face was that of an exceptionally handsome man except the deformity of its nose.  The nose was mashed against its face, the nostrils flared open.  This was obviously the specimen that had gorilla DNA mixed in.  
Kong.
Named after the monster of the movies of the twentieth century, Kong was engineered to have inhuman strength and agility.  The agility would be from the spider monkey DNA incorporated.  Kong’s arms were abnormally longer than a man’s, but not too much so.  He had a headset on that covered his ears and eyes.
“Congratulations are in order for our scientists here on several counts,” Dr. Lindfest boasted.  “As you can see, this is a fully grown adult specimen, yet they were “conceived” less than six months ago!  They were enhanced with certain engineered genes that greatly sped up the process of their growth, but turned off when they were the equivalent of twenty years of age.  This would greatly increase the size of our armies and casualties can be replaced in far less time than it would take to train a human to the same level.”  One of the generals snorted derisively.  Dr. Lindfest, placid as ever, smiled slightly and looked at the general.
“Yes, General Cooper?” 
“How can you possibly expect us to believe that even though you supposedly grew them that quickly, that without proper training, they could be better trained than one of our commandos?  And what’s that ‘thing’ it’s got on its head?” General Cooper asked, disgust written all over his face.
“Great questions, General,” Lindfest answered, totally unmoved by the general’s attitude.  “As far as their rapid growth, it has been captured on digital video, uninterrupted since the beginning and going even now.  You are welcome to get a copy of it yourself and watch it if you like, General.”  The general just snorted and shook his head a little.
“As for the device on his head, it is a computer ‘trainer/teacher as it were.  It is plugged directly into his brain and information is fed continuously either directly into his brain, via virtual reality – hence the goggles and headset, or from outside input, such as now.  His reflexes and skills are one of the things we want to test today, to see if this group is what we had hoped for or not.  So without further ado, let us proceed.”  He turned back to the other figures in their glass containment cells.  He mashed another button on his remote and another cell lit up.  
Kensington actually gasped at the creature before him.  This creature in no way looked human!  It stood hunched over, but when the light came on, it stood to a height of at least three meters.  Its body was covered with a chitinous skin, and it had four arms, covered with saw-like ridges on its forearms.  The face was alien as well, a mouth being replaced by two pincers that opened and closed with a loud, raspy clack.
“Watch carefully, ladies and gentlemen,” Lindfest said.  All eyes were glued on the two creatures on the other side of the glass.  The glass “cells” of the two were raised from each of them.  The platforms with the other specimens were traveling away from the two newly freed subjects, the floor shifting around to allow the combatants to choose how they wanted to fight...  There was only the two, standing on the mock battlefield, complete with small trees, boulders, and a small stream running between them.  “Kong.  Kiton.  Remove your head gear,” Lindfest said.  At once, the two removed their goggles and headphones.  “Now fight each other,” Lindfest commanded.
The response from the combatants was instantaneous and primal.  Kong roared, showing pronounced canine teeth and reaching for the nearest thing he could grab for a weapon, which in this case was a stunted tree.  He grabbed it and effortlessly pulled it out of the ground, roots snapping and dirt flying everywhere.  Kiton chittered noisily and immediately attacked Kong.  He ran at Kong so fast, it was almost impossible to see – only a brown blur that launched itself at the anthropoid.  Kong swung his weapon and connected the advancing Kiton in the side, crunching in the exoskeleton and bringing an ear-shattering shriek from Kiton.
But hurt as he was, Kiton still attacked Kong, two of his arms grabbing the arms of his opponent, one grasping the wounded part of his body, and the fourth hung poised for a moment.  A very long moment to those witnessing it.  At the end of the arm was a hand, fingers, and a very strange appendage.  The appendage appeared to be made of the same chitin as the rest of his exoskeleton, but it resembled a blade.  That blade swung in an elliptical pattern, slicing deeply into Kong’s body.  Kong roared again, but this time in pain and anger.
With a quick jerk, Kong freed his right arm and quickly grabbed the arm that had controlled his a mere moment before and he ripped the insectoid’s arm off at the shoulder.  Kiton shrieked again, causing the spectators to cover their ears.  The knife-like appendage whipped with lightning speed at Kong’s throat, but Kong dodged it at the last instant.  Kiton then deftly changed the path of the weapon and brought if down on the hand that held his amputated limb and lopped of Kong’s left hand.
Kong then roared again and kicked Kiton in the left knee, breaking it and causing the insectoid to fall.  Kong stepped his foot on Kiton’s chest, his eyes alight with a ferocity seldom seen, and he raised his makeshift club to smash in the head of his opponent.
“Kong!  Kiton!  Stop fighting!” Lindfest commanded.  Kiton went still, but Kong was angry.  He looked through the window at Lindfest with nothing shy of pure hatred, and he threw the club away – toward the audience.  The glass didn’t shatter, but cracks spider-webbed their way across the glass.  Lindfest paled, but acted as if nothing had happened.  Kong stood at attention, his face more serene, though his eyes still smoldered.  After a moment, Kiton shook his leg a little, and jerkily stood back up, in the position of attention.
While they were standing there, there were noises, cracks, groans and the like that came from the combatants.  The audience was transfixed.  In a moment, an “Oh dear God!” came from one of the members of Parliament.  Where the limb had been ripped from Kiton could be seen the start of regeneration for a new limb.  The vicious cut on Kong’s abdomen was already knit and healing rapidly.  The stump on his left arm had stopped bleeding and the wound was visibly closing in front of their very eyes!
“This would be marvelous if I didn’t think you were just giving us a very convincing virtual movie,” General Cooper said after a moment.  “And I still don’t think it can beat one of my commandos.”
“I had already planned on that response, my dear General.  Observe,” Lindfest said, gesturing to the arena again.  A door on the left side of the amphitheater opened and a soldier wearing a beret walked in, saw the assembled group, stood in front of General Cooper, and gave a crisp salute.
“Now wait a minute!” Copper exclaimed.  “He is one of my very best!  You can’t use him!”
“And why not, General?  You JUST stated these new super soldiers couldn’t beat any one of your commandos.  By picking your best, if he fails, then our point is made.”  Lindfest smiled an ugly smile because he knew he just outmaneuvered the master strategist of His Majesty’s Royal Army.  He knew if he had picked anyone less than Cooper’s best, the general would be able to say that the other commando wasn’t trained fully yet.  He would have a way to talk himself into a position where there may have been a way he was able to save face.  And now the final nail on the coffin of Cooper’s criticisms.  “And I will let him pick the one he wants to combat.  He has been briefed on what is going on and knows his situation.  What do you say, General?” he asked smiling his Cheshire cat smile.
Cooper hated to admit it, but he had walked right into that.  But then again, maybe this was some sort of video virtual reality.  He smile a little to himself, and hoped he would get a wrong answer.  “Lieutenant Benson!” he barked.
“Yes, General!” Benson answered, still in the position of attention.
“Do you remember a week ago when I asked about the wound you received in the Battle of New Carthage?”
“Sir!  Do you mean the conversation we had a month ago?  And the battle there was the Battle of Paris, Sir.”
“Uh, yes.  My mistake,” the General said, feigning embarrassment.  “How’s your arm doing, Lieutenant?”  The lieutenant looked confused.
“Sir?” Benson asked, confused.
“Your arm, Son.  You got injured, did you not?” Cooper asked.
“Uh, yes, Sir.  But where and how I beg the general’s permission not to say,” Benson replied nervously.
“It’s okay, Son.  I was just checking something.  You don’t have to say,” Cooper replied thoughtfully.  Only his doctor, nurses, and he knew that Benson had lost his right testicle in that battle from a piece of shrapnel.  “Oh, Benson.  Do me a favor and move that branch thing over there, would you?” Cooper asked, pointing off to the side.  Dutifully, Benson grabbed the small tree and dragged it, struggling the entire time, until it was moved.  Cooper looked at his favored soldier in amazement.  Kong had just grabbed it with one hand and waved it around like a child with a fly swatter.
“Satisfied, General?” Lindfest asked.  Cooper nodded slightly.  “Now realize, we have had the Lieutenant briefed on what we plan to do here, explained the possible abilities of each of our ‘soldiers’ and what he must do.  He must kill the construct of his choice.  Fair enough, General Cooper?”  
“Proceed,” Cooper acquiesced.
The lieutenant walked to the first creature he came to.  Kong.  He looked at the severed hand, or what had been severed, and saw it had more than halfway healed itself.  Kong looked straight ahead, no intelligence showing in his eyes at all.  Kiton had completely healed.  Benson had watched the battle in the next room and made note of the rapid healing times of both, as well as their enhanced abilities.  The lights in all of the other domed containers came on.  More gasps from the audience.  There were creatures more disfigured than Kiton in those containers.  Then there was the woman.  She stood in her containment, her naked body perfection to see.  She had lustrous blond hair that came past her shoulders.  For all intents and purposes, she looked like a normal woman.  Benson looked at her, sizing her up, knowing what she was made to do, and passed on.
“Why wouldn’t he go for the woman?” Brenda Patrick, a key Member of Parliament, asked aloud.  Lindfest smiled.
“Because he wants to live,” he replied.  “Lilith is probably one of the most deadly of them all.”  Almost every head turned to look at the aging scientist.  “If she screams, it will paralyze you long enough for her to get close enough to not only bite your throat open with her razor sharp teeth, but her hair, each and every one of them, is actually a serpent that will inject venom enough to paralyze an elephant.  So imagine getting bitten by fifty to one hundred black mambas all at the same time.  Even if you could block the sound of her scream, you would have to be ready for her attack – she attacks with the speed of a striking mantis.”
“Well I just hope our next combatant doesn’t decide to throw something else at this window,” General Pelingham said.  “Maybe you should think about putting something a little stronger next time, don’t you think?”
“My dear general,” Lindfest answered.  “That ‘window’ as you put it, is made of two-inch thick Lexmark glass with the polychromic mix for strength... You could fire a fifty caliber machine gun at it and not leave even a scratch.  I really didn’t think anything could shatter it.”
“Dear God!” Gerilyn Hatch, the Prime Minister, said under her breath, but loud enough for everybody to have heard.
“I think our Lieutenant has made his choice,” Lindfest said, noticing the soldier standing before a domed container.  Inside was a man-like creature, shorter than the lieutenant, whose skin was covered in green scales.  The arms were abnormally thin with very long hands.  
“Excellent choice!” Lindfest exclaimed.  “Your lieutenant has shown himself to be shrewd and wise, General Cooper!  The soldier he chose to battle is used mainly to gather intelligence and remain unseen, or to assassinate its target with ease.  Lieutenant!  Is this your choice?”  The soldier nodded his head in affirmation.  “Let us begin,” Lindfest said, again pressing one of the many buttons on his remote.
“Ajax!  Remove your head gear.”  The command was obeyed immediately by the creature.  Its face was somewhat odd in appearance, elongated and thin.  His eyes were more in the shape of a chameleon’s each one moving independently of the other and set one on each side of his head.
“Fight!”
Ajax seemed to disappear.  But Benson went into a defensive crouch, pulling out a .45 caliber pistol and a vicious, serrated-edged knife in the other.  He immediately fired where Ajax had been a moment before.  He then spun and fired behind him as well.  
Confusion ran rampant through the gallery as they tried to figure out what was happening.  Kensington was as much repulsed by the hideousness of his work as he was absorbed in absolute amazement and fascination in them.  He looked at the others there.  General Appleby and Lindfest were looking at everybody with unreadable expressions, as if they were studying them.  Appleby caught Kensington looking at him, smiled a little and winked. Kensington smiled back, albeit weakly.
 Kensington then saw Eric.  Eric was grinning like a fool.  He was watching what was happening with an elation that was almost orgasmic.  Kensington then knew that Eric was not to be trusted.  Ever!  Kensington had gone into this to make people that were able to heal at an abnormally fast rate, and to have immunities to most any infection they could come in contact with.  Not to make creatures that were more like drones, that would go to war.  The rapid regeneration of wounded body parts was his main contribution.  That and some of the gene splicing to enhance attributes like strength.  Eric was obviously in to enhance their appearances as well, making them have natural armor, body morphisms that truly made them less human... made them ...
“Monsters...” Kensington heard Dr. Talbot whisper under his breath.  Talbot’s head slowly turned and his eyes locked on Kensington’s.  There was a haunted look in Talbot’s eyes.  Pain even.  Kensington felt his pain, but had learned not to trust anybody here.  Even so, he tried to warn Talbot with his eyes to silence himself.  Talbot didn’t heed Kensington’s warning.  “You have tricked us into making monsters!” he shrieked.  “You told me we were working on making people that had no diseases!  No genetic mutations!  People who could heal from almost any injury!”  He was close to being hysterical.  “But LOOK at that!  Look at our Franken...”  The gun report rang impossibly loud in that little room, making everybody jump.  Everybody except Appleby, who re-holstered his sidearm inside of his coat.
“I am terribly sorry about that outburst.  It shall not happen again, I assure you,” Appleby said to all gathered.
“Look!” Cooper shouted.  All eyes turned back to the combatants.  Benson was squatting in a defensive stance, swinging his weapon around him in a protective manner.  Ajax was nowhere to be seen.  Then Benson attacked in a more purposeful method.  He started throwing punches and kicks and stabs in front of him.  It was difficult to see, but a strange warping of the scene could be noticed in front of the lieutenant.  Then the camouflage dropped and everybody could see both combatants clearly.  Benson was throwing blow after blow, slicing with his knife and kicking. 
But to everybody’s amazement, Ajax was countering each of those moves.  Then Benson trained the barrel of his pistol on Ajax and pulled the trigger.  But Ajax moved so fast the bullet passed through the air where he had stood.  And now Ajax was behind the hapless soldier.  Faster than one could blink, one of those elongated hands wrapped around Benson’s face and he gave a sudden jerk.  The cracking noise could be heard in the spectator area. Benson’s corpse fell to the earth, twitching spastically as the dead man’s brain sent a massive amount of signals to the rest of the body before the communication was shut off permanently.  Cooper looked in horror at his best man lying lifeless on the ground.  Ajax stood still, not moving, as he had at the beginning of the demonstration, waiting for new orders.
“I think the demonstration is finished for the day.  We will convene tomorrow to discuss where we should move from here,” Lindfest said and excused himself.  Appleby looked at Talbot’s corpse and then at Benson’s.  
“Have somebody get in here on the double and take proper care of these fallen heroes,” he said, to which a computer answered and said, “Right away, General Appleby.”
*~*~*
August 25, 2073
This is my first opportunity to pen in this, my journal.  After the senseless deaths of both Talbot and Benson, I have been under surveillance almost continually.  Eric, it seems, has been on board with the designs of the military from the start.  What a shame.  I actually liked him.  Anyway, I digress.  The government felt the soldiers were a great idea, but felt the world would shun our country and take measures to shut us down.  But we are to make an army that will be kept in stasis until needed, as we are not in any war.  There is one exception.  Ajax.  He and his type have been used to seek out and kill various terrorist leaders, eradicate most of the underworld crime scene, and even assassinate a few heads of state – and all without being caught.
I have taken upon myself to work on a secret project of my own, since research here has slowed down to a crawl.  More on this I will not say at this time.  
Because I know so much, they watch me almost continuously.  I can only write in this when I go to the loo, so entries will be few and far between.  I have not seen the light of day since my entrance into this place!  I cannot say it is droll here – they have all of the amenities of the upper world, including movie theaters, and even a bowling alley.  But I am still a prisoner here, and even a gilded cage is still a cage.  
“You’re too much of a liability out there,” or “if any other country found you and what you know...” is what we were told as to why we couldn’t leave the compound.  They say it won’t be long until we can leave, but I think that’s just to pacify us.
Truth is, I never expected the soldiers to be so... frightening.  As Talbot had tried call them, Frankenstein monsters.  They are as mindless and truly subhuman as the government had planned, but I feel like it cost me a piece of my soul to make them.  I don’t think I have damned myself as I feel sorrow and remorse for what I have done, but then again, maybe I am just being given a foretaste of eternity in torment, as the vision of Benson’s neck being broken plays in my mind over and over again.  The only two things I am grateful for is that these ...creatures.... our “children” as it were, are for all intents and purposes mindless, and that they are confined, for the most part, here.
*~*~*
December 15, 2073
Kensington was working late.  He had finished his work for the day for General Appleby and his ilk, and was checked on his progress by scientists that had been brought in from the upper ranks of the military.  They knew enough to know if he was performing his duties, or if he was sloughing off or going against them.  They sensed he was unhappy with the results of his research, so they had him work more hours under closer observation.  One of his new tasks – to slightly retard the healing capabilities of the creatures.  The generals became concerned that these creatures healed too fast, and the worst kind of enemy was one that couldn’t be killed.  Granted, the super soldiers were on their side, but if something went wrong, they wanted to be able to kill them off.
Also, there was work being done on them that if they fell into the wrong hands that they would have programmed into them enhanced decomposition so that their DNA would degrade so fast and so completely that other scientists wouldn’t be able to determine what the correct genome was and build their own armies.  It was nicknamed “the suicide gene” because ideally it would also be triggered by the creature by pressing two different pressure points at the same time.  It would also be triggered if the blood quit flowing throughout the body for more than two minutes.  The end result would be a puddle of protein soup where the DNA had completely unwound.  It was thought to be a nonsense project, but it seemed after several weeks there MAY have been some merit to the idea, that it night really work.
Kensington was horrified by the idea, but said nothing and did his part to figure it out.  Even though he was upset his “children” were freakish monsters, they were still his.  They were alive and therefore should be entitled to the rights of the living.  But that was where he became trapped in his own thinking.  They were to be less than human, and therefore distinctly NOT human.  So why grieve over their deaths?
Because they weren’t subhuman!  In one of the tests they were putting these creatures through, one was to see how well they would regenerate.  Fingers and toes were an amazing thing, regenerating in minutes!  Whole limbs took about an hour for an arm, and two hours for a leg.  If two arms were lost, then it took five hours.  Two legs took six hours.  The more lost, the longer it took.  Decapitation was death.  They even left the corpse untouched for four weeks to make certain.  The decomposition rate was actually accelerated.  
But it was the looks on their faces that grabbed him.  One in particular.  It was a creature that was given enhanced running capabilities by mixing his DNA with the cheetah – resulting in lighter bones, more streamlined features, but feline hind legs.  Eric shot off one of its legs with a laser cannon and it collapsed.  We had to stand and observe how long it would take for regeneration and to take notes as to the various stages of regrowth.  This was already unnerving, as all there KNEW the creature was suffering immensely.  But then it turned its head and looked Kensington right in the eyes, tears of pain streaming from its eyes.  And those eyes!  They were the most human eyes he had seen since entering into this god-forsaken prison!  It looked at him and he could feel those eyes asking me just one word ... WHY?  That look branded itself into his brain.  
‘What are we doing in here?’ he thought.  ‘And here I am, one of those that helped to produce them, now seeing the error of my ways.’  But to try to leave, or even protest this was suicide.  Dr. Talbot was just the first.  Several others had been silenced as well.  Kensington had no family to go home to, no friends who would miss him.  He was stuck here.  So he worked as if everything was fine with him.
Especially since he was under watchful eyes so much throughout the day.  But that had even started to lessen in the past month.  So he would do his research late into the night, but it was just that – HIS research.  He made it look like it was for “His Majesty and for Britain”, but was actually researching something else.  Something he referred to in his mind as his project.  
The last of his “task masters” as he thought of them, left.  He knew the cameras and microphones were always on, so he kept working as he always did.  His face showed no emotion at all.  He had kept it that way for months now, so it wasn’t really all that difficult to do.  But he had to also not betray emotion by his body language.  A little odd step here, a difference in the way his hands moved when walking, other subtleties like that – all were controlled by Kensington, but he knew it only took one slip.  He picked up and carried specimens in the back to analyze them and place them in the cooler.
Kensington had gone into the back and was there for fifteen minutes when Dr. Jeanette Hall came into the lab.  Jeanette was a genetics expert out of Sheffield, and the first woman to catch Kensington’s eye.  Not because of her looks – she was actually pretty plain in appearance.  It was more the way she talked, moved, and occasionally shot him a knowing glance.  Of course Kensington would avert his eyes like a school boy, having had no experience with the opposite sex whatsoever.  Jeanette would smile to herself.
She entered the lab in somewhat of a hurry.  Heading to Kensington’s main computer, she quickly grabbed a piece of paper and pen, and started scribbling a quick note.  She stopped when she heard something, her eyes darting all around the room.  Then she went back to her task.  When she finished, she looked around quickly, then left.
No sooner had she left that Kensington came back into the room.  He looked around because he thought he had heard someone in the lab.  His eye fell on the note left and he quickly read it, acting casually.  The note read:
*~*~*
Meet me at the nightclub.  I want to talk.
Jeanette.
Kensington had a difficult time remaining calm.  But he stood there until he could master himself, casually shuffling papers around as if he was looking for something, but was in actuality burying the note in with other papers.  He then gathered the papers into a stack and placed them carefully in his satchel.  Perspiration rolled down is face and he became alarmed.  It was never warm enough in the lab to cause one to sweat!  His heart started to hammer in his chest, making him sweat harder!
Taking a slow and very deep breath, Kensington brought his body back under control.  Casually looking around as if to see if he forgot anything, he tucked his satchel under his arm and walked out of the lab.
After the echoes of Kensington’s footsteps faded, Ajax appeared as if out of thin air.
*~*~*
The nightclub was full of mostly soldiers that were off duty and had time to kill.  So they did so while they also killed some of their brain cells with the alcoholic beverages the nightclub served.  The music was overly loud, the lights flashing to the beat of the music, smoke hanging in the air like a stagnant cloud of death.  The servers were mixed between women and men, and were there to service anybody willing to pay for it.  One of the men looked at Kensington, sensing a lonely man looking for something – anything – that would take him away from his obviously droll life.  Kensington was oblivious to the look and the import of the stare.
His eyes darted around the smoggy atmosphere, the flickering lights playing hell on his nerves, which were already taut to the point of breaking.  He saw nothing but unfamiliar faces, none of them taking an interest in him, except for maybe a moment to raise an eyebrow out of curiosity.  He started to panic… did he remember the note correctly?  Sweat rolled off his brow and down the side of his face.  He dared not look at it, yet his hand hovered over the satchel where it hid.  His breath came in harsh gasps, and soon was the only sound he could hear, despite the music and din of conversation.  Time seemed to come to a standstill.  
Then his eyes settled on her slender features.  She had makeup on her face that gave her a very sexy and exotic look.  He had never imagined that she could look so alluring.  She also looked more at ease than he did.  He could only imagine the frightened visage his face must be!  He took a step towards her and froze.  Eric melted out of the crowd and walked up to her, just as her gaze met his.  She went to take a step, but Eric stepped up to her, and started to talk with her like they were old friends.  Her eyes betrayed panic, which she swiftly got under control, and even managed a smile.  She started talking to him for a moment, laughed a little, grabbed the drink from the server, and licked her lip seductively at her, who winked at her.
Eric was apparently disturbed by this, looking disdainfully at the cocktail server and then at Jeanette.  Jeanette smiled and said, “What?”  Eric said something to her at which she laughed and whispered something in his ear.  His face reddened, he stood straighter, straightened his blazer and excused himself.  Jeanette acted like she was wanting Eric to stay, but he shrugged his shoulder as she touched him, and walked off.  Her gaze followed him until she saw him exit the club.  The she turned and looked for Kensington.  He was so shocked he didn’t know what to think so he started to leave.  He about jumped out of his skin when Jeanette grabbed his shoulder.
“Where do you think you’re going?” she asked, her eyes twinkling.
“Uh… I thought you and Eric…,” Jeanette started to laugh, a wonderful sound to Kensington despite the loud music and conversation.
“You really ARE somewhat daft, aren’t you?” she asked sipping her drink.
“But what about…” he fumbled.
“The girl?  I’ve had her a couple of times, but nothing serious.  I just wanted that psycho roommate of yours to leave,” she answered.  Kensington was astonished at everything she had just told him and was at a total loss for words.  But not as much as when Jeanette grabbed his collar and pulled him to her for a deep, passionate kiss!
Kensington looked into her eyes with an intensity he didn’t know he possessed.  She looked deeply into his eyes, saw something there, smiled and kissed him again.  This time he returned it…sort of.  When they parted, she bit her lower lip.  Then she leaned forward and spoke into his ear, “Let’s get out of here.”   Kensington was totally in her control at that point and would have walked off a cliff if she would have asked it of him. 
She led him down the maze in places he had never been before.  He was in such a fog by everything that was happening, he just looked around.  Then she stopped, spun around, grabbed him by the face and kissed him hard – so hard it sort of hurt.  But he let it happen.  When they parted, they were panting and she let the security eye scan her retina.  The door slid open and she hurriedly pulled him in.  He almost fell but managed to keep his balance.  
Jeanette knocked his satchel out of his hands and he was going to say something, but she kissed him savagely, and started ripping off his clothes.  Things were happening so fast, and he had no idea what to do.  Jeanette guided him to her bed and they fell onto the soft mattress.  Kensington was so confused, but in such ecstasy he didn’t know up from down.
Jeanette slid her naked body on top of his, put her mouth next to his ear, and whispered, “This is the only place I know is semi-safe…”  She gyrated.  Putting her head next to his ear, she bit it, but whispered, “We are in some serious trouble, Kensington.”  He barely heard her, being totally lost in feelings he had never experienced in his life.  Jeanette stopped for a moment, confusion flooding his mind.  She looked him deeply in the eyes.
“You’ve never been with a woman before, have you?” she asked, figuring that was the case.  
“No!  Never!” he gasped, not wanting to stop.
“You’ve never even been a wanker before either, have you?” she asked, almost breaking out in a huge grin.
“A what?” he asked bewildered.
“Oh, never mind,” she said giving up.  She then made love to him, keeping him from exploding too soon, and keeping the love-making going until after two hours, they lie there, soaked with sweat and panting.
Kensington was still in shock at the total amount of new pleasures he had experienced and all of it unbidden, unlooked for.  Jeanette smiled at him while running her finger down his sweat-slick chest.
“My dear God!” he gasped.  Her grin broadened.
“Liked that, did you?” she asked impishly.
“Like?” he gasped.  “Like?”  His eyes were wild.  “My whole life’s experience never braced me for something such as that!”  She just smiled as he looked at her with a wild intensity.
“I have always LIKED you, Jeanette,” he said.  “I have always liked eating ice-cream… LIKE!  My God, woman!  LIKE?”  She started laughing, her voice like music in his ears.
“I have never de-flowered anybody before, you know,” she said.  “If I could have picked anybody in the world to do that to, it would have been you, Kensington,” she said, her lips curling up at the sides, giving her an impish quality to her features.
“Why…. Why me?” he asked, flabbergasted.
“Because I really, really like you, silly!” she said, her face becoming more serious.  “I have from the first day we met.”  Kensington gawked at her in disbelief.
“Me?” he asked.  “Me?”  She nodded, still smiling.  “But… I don’t understand… you are so beautiful… you could have anyone you wanted… why me?”
“Because only YOU see me as a person, Kensington.  To others, I’m just a novelty – the bitch with too many brains!”
“What about Eric…”  She shot him a look full of venom and he shut up.
“That boorish bastard!  He just wants to own me, use me, and throw me away!  And if you EVER bring his name up to me like that again, Kensington, so help me, you will wish you were stillborn!  You hear me, Kensington?”  Her eyes were piercing as she looked straight into his.  Kensington nodded briskly, fear all over his face.
“I’m sorry…” he stammered.  “I just… I was … jealous earlier and… I’m sorry, Jeanette.  It will never happen again!  I promise.”  She continued to look at him with that intense stare a while longer before backing away from him a bit.
“I promise!” he said again when she still said nothing.  “I love you too much to hurt you…” he said and stopped when he realized he had spoken what had been in his heart for months and thought he would never actually say.  His face turned crimson.  Jeanette’s gaze changed as well.  Her eyes were wide in disbelief and her mouth hung open.
“I’m…I’m sorry,” he stammered realizing his blunder.  “I never meant to say that to you…  I just never thought you could feel anything for me at all and tonight quite frankly blew my mind.  I didn’t mean it…. Oh SHITE!  Yes I did!  I would be lying again if I said I didn’t…  I just…” he stopped talking as her finger went over his lips quieting him.
“You never cease to amaze me, Kensington!” she said, her eyes softer now.  “Now just shut up and come here,” she said pulling him close.  She started to nibble on his ear again, and moaned once, pushing a button on the wall and having some music play soft music while she moaned some more.  Kensington caressed her back and started kissing her neck.  After a moment, she licked his ear lightly and whispered, “Listen to me carefully and keep your face natural.”  He gasped a second, but did as she told and kept kissing her neck.  She smiled and pulled his hand to her breasts.
“You know as well as I do we are constantly being watched,” she said, then moaned a pleasurable moan.  Kensington moaned a subtle “uh-huh” and she smiled – he was getting quite good at this and fast – both the love-making and the communicating.
“Hey!” she exclaimed in a normal tone, obviously wanting others to hear it.  “We have the day off.  Let’s just stay here and fuck the whole day!”  She laughed.  Kensington actually liked the idea, but the whole day?  But he understood why.  He laughed – an odd noise from him – and grabbed her pulling her close.
*~*~*
The day had worn him out, but he had learned quite a bit from Jeanette.  Much of it he had surmised on his own, but much of it was new.  By the end of the day, he had gone from a virgin and totally inexperienced man to a lover that was actually more pleasing to Jeanette than she had known for quite some time!  He had also learned from her that the servers in the nightclub were part of an underground network that was seeking a way to stop the work they were doing and that Jeanette was a major player in that group.  
She was in the same position as Kensington and had been watching him for months to see if he would be an ally or one of the enemy camp.  What had made her decide to take a chance was the look on his face when the real purpose of their research had been revealed.  She had caught wind of what was really in the works, so was looking for allies amongst the scientists.  Talbot would have been a huge asset to the small but growing rebel faction, but he had no training in subtlety, as was obvious when he lost his life.  Kensington was not her first choice, but she did catch him looking at her whenever he could steal a glance, and actually found she liked the attention.  She gave him all kinds of subtle hints that she was interested in meeting him, but he didn’t pick up on it, or at least he was so shy he didn’t know what to do.  When she saw his reaction that day, she started to make herself more available for him to be able to talk with her.
Kensington shared with her that he trusted nobody, and knew that he could be foolishly trusting her while she actually might be working for the very people she said she was against.  But Kensington had always liked Jeanette and was usually a good judge of character.  He looked into her eyes and saw no deceit there.  So he trusted her, realizing that she had actually bestowed trust in him first.  
That, and he was smitten with her anyway, and had been for some time.  But now he would go up to the gates of Hell itself and rattle them off of their hinges if she would but ask him to.  He had never known anything like the feelings that were growing in his heart.  Just a day ago, the things that had happened to him were a fantasy, unattainable to the likes of him.  Now he was full of life in a way he had never known, and had found himself more in the middle of rebellion that he knew he was now a player in.
But now he more fully understood where the lines were drawn.
And which side he stood on.
Jeanette was not the reason he sided with the rebellion, because he had already been rebellious on his own.  He had not even told Jeanette, and didn’t know if he should.  The less she knew about this, the safer she would be, that his “project” would be.  But she was a nice addition to his life.  The BEST addition to his life!  He didn’t know if she could ever feel for him the way he did for her, but he was content in the knowledge that the feelings he had harbored over the past months were real, and actualized.  Regardless of how she felt, he knew he loved her – and she did too, because of his Freudian slip.
They stopped sharing about the rebellion after a while, and concentrated on each other for the rest of the night.
*~*~*
“I say, dear boy, that I was a bit worried about you this weekend,” Eric said as Kensington walked into the lab a little late.  “I feared you fell prey to one of the maze’s death traps.”  Kensington looked at him a little sheepishly.
“As you can see, I’m fine,” he replied, not wanting to talk about it anymore.  But Eric did.
“So, uh, where WERE you, if you don’t mind my asking,” he asked looking at him through narrowed lids.  Despite himself, Kensington felt himself blush.
“I, uh, was out.  That’s all.”  He felt Eric’s gaze boring into him, even through his mostly closed eyelids.  “I just needed to get out of that little room for a little bit, that’s all,” Kensington offered as an explanation.
“Well it certainly seems to have been good for you,” Eric commented.  “You have a new spring in your step that wasn’t there before.”  Kensington felt his throat tighten.  He had let his feelings show through his emotionless guise!  He had to be much more careful!
“Why, thank you.  I’m sorry about causing you to be concerned.  I will try to be more considerate next time,” Kensington said.  Eric’s left brow went up.
“There’s going to be a next time?” he asked, his curiosity piqued.  Kensington almost panicked but got himself under control.
“I don’t know… maybe.  It was nice for a change,” he said, and went to his seat in the lab.  Eric watched him go and seat himself, then he went back to work.
Jeanette came in later, as she usually did, bringing in items from other parts of the facility to utilize in their area.  She walked by Kensington as if nothing had happened between them.  But he knew better, and he knew why she didn’t treat him any differently than before.  He had a very difficult time not letting his eyes follow her, but knowing Eric was scrutinizing him constantly this morning helped him keep himself under control.  He almost busted out laughing, though, when Jeanette walked by Eric, and smiled seductively at him.  Eric looked at her and allowed himself a little smile.  She whispered something in his ear, and the smile vanished in an instant, accompanied by his face flushing beet red.  She stood up and looked at him with a look of pity, and gently caressed his face as if in concern.  He jerked back from her, and she went on her way as if nothing had happened.  He glared at his desk in front of him for a few moments.
“Are you okay, old boy?” Kensington asked.  Eric shot him a look of pure venom which caused Kensington to recoil.  Eric realized how he had reacted, tried to get it under control, and was failing.  He stood up and left his desk and stormed out of the lab.  A few of the other scientists paid him no mind, letting themselves get absorbed in their projects.  He looked back to where Jeanette had gone and found she had stopped and was looking right at him.  For a brief moment their eyes locked, and Kensington allowed himself the tiniest of smiles, which she returned.  She turned and left and he went back to work on his project, gathering pulling up the data on the screen and examining it, comparing it to the work of others, and seeking to find a way to implement it into his.
He had been very close to finding a way to slow the healing factor down once, but the proteins were too unstable and the chromosomes fell apart.  To simply remove that part of the genome would only be to make it normal once more, and thus would accomplish nothing.  Any other test had either had no effect or caused the DNA to just unwind, leaving it a useless mass of nucleic acids.  So he found himself right smack in the middle of the two projects he was assigned to being the same problem!  His head hurt from all of the many permutations he had tried to use to make the chromosomes act the way that he wanted, to cause accelerated healing, but not as fast as before.  The unwinding, that was just a nuisance at the moment, and he would look at his notes on that one later.
He did know how to make the gene that causes one to heal almost instantaneously.  He knew that for certain, by a chance mess up that revealed to his mind what it was before he destroyed it.  But that was to never be used.  The government did not want soldiers they could not control or destroy, if need be.  Immortal soldiers.  The ramifications of that banged around in his head many times.  If these things they had made were un-killable… Just the whole idea of immortality – He alone held that secret in his head.  Who would want to live forever, really?  Not in this twisted, polluted world!  Plus how long could one live in this world, losing the ones you love, the many memories that would eventually become too many, before it drove one mad? 
Long life… great!  Extremely long life!  Awesome!  Immortality?  Hell no!  But to have these brain deficient monsters able to live for eternity?  Abomination!  
And what if they ever gained intelligence?  He shivered at the thought.  
Or what about the government?  If THEY found out about this, of course THEY would want this, but to have the same person in power forever?  Heaven forbid!  NO his secret had to stay one forever.  At all costs.  
But that didn’t help him in his present dilemma.  He sat with his head in his hands, trying to figure this one out.  He looked across the lab and his eyes fell on Dr. Lance Kent.  If anybody could be a bigger geek than Kensington, it could only be Lance.  Kensington smiled a little to himself.  He wasn’t near the geek he had imagined himself to be in the past.  He was every bit the vibrant, full of life man he had seen in so many other and not himself.  That was until this past weekend.  Lance was typing in some notes, oblivious to Kensington’s stare.  He was looking in his microscope, writing some notes on his notepad, looking again, writing again…  Kensington wasn’t really sure what Lance’s assignment was at this time, and the scientists were discouraged from sharing.  They were told it was to keep others from stealing or sabotaging their colleagues’ work, and he supposed there was some truth to that, having seen that very activity himself in the past.  But he felt there was a more sinister purpose for this practice.  
He smiled to himself the tiniest of smiles and was about to turn away when he saw a very slight disturbance in the air just behind Lance.  At first he almost ignored it, then became intensely aware of what he was looking at.  Just like in the battle with Ajax and Lieutenant Benson!  He looked and saw it again.  Then he heard a person come from the inner lab and his eyes met Jeanette’s.  She saw the look in his eyes and he turned to look back at Lance.  Jeanette did as well, curious as to what was happening.
At first she saw nothing and she wondered at what the problem was.  But she knew Kensington well enough to not take her eyes off the other scientist.  She saw the slight warping in the air around Lance and almost gasped aloud.  Lance looked up for a moment and his eyes met Kensington’s.   His eyes opened wider in surprise, but he quickly looked away, gathered his tablet to his chest, and walked into the inner lab.  Jeanette and Kensington met glances again.
Kensington stood up and walked to the inner lab where the cellular level experimentation was done.  He had taken just one step into the “inner sanctum” as they had named the lab, Jeanette at his side, and they saw Lance walking swiftly down the path to the far side of the lab.  Then that slight distortion of the space around Lance and he flew off his feet and into the gears of a machine that helped to keep the lab’s climate control and humidity controlled.  Massive gears in the mechanism turned constantly to keep the multiple pieces of machinery in operation at all times – with backup machines – and those had backup machines – to ensure the specimens did not get ruined due to equipment failure.  Lance screamed one quick scream that was silenced forever as the cogs squished him like an insect, his blood squirting in all directions. 
Kensington immediately threw himself into the hallway leading into the lab, pulling Jeanette along with him.  They flattened themselves against the wall of the passageway, barely daring to breathe.  They both knew they had witnessed a murder.  But who could they tell?  The people who should be the ones upholding law and order here were the very ones who had orchestrated the killing!  Kensington was glad for once that the hallway tube was actually dark, a design feature he had never appreciated until this moment.
*~*~*
At the moment that Lance flew into the cogs of the environmental control system machines, Ajax looked to make sure his prey was quite dead.  When the body of the hapless geneticist was crushed, the chameleon-like head of Ajax looked around the laboratory to see if anyone was watching so he could dispatch them as well.  He saw nothing, thanks to the swift thinking of Kensington.  Ajax bent to pick up the unfortunate scientist’s fallen notebook computer and drove his fist through the screen, and then flipped it across the room.  Silently, Ajax left the incubation room and went into the main room of the laboratory, where he saw Kensington and Jeanette bent over the table, taking turns looking into a microscope.  
Kensington waited until he saw the door open seemingly of its own accord, and then the next door as well.  He let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding for the past several minutes.  Jeanette looked at him, her eyes wide with fright.  Kensington managed a very slight smile.  Then he acted like nothing was wrong, and pointed at the screen and said they needed to check the incubators and see if they had room to fit another sample for the regeneration project.  
Jeanette fell into step behind him, and when they walked into the dimly lit entry to the incubation area, she put her head close to his ear and whispered, “Since when did you get so quick on your feet, Mister?”
Without missing a beat, Kensington responded, “Since I have found some inspiration in my life.”  He didn’t need to look to see that she smiled.  He felt it.  They walked in and acted as nonchalant as they could and looked at each other as they walked to where they knew their associate’s remains were.  
Kensington stopped and looked down at the screen of Lance’s notebook computer.  Kensington was mortified by the blood that was on it.
“Oh, Dear God!” Jeanette exclaimed.  Kensington looked up expecting to see Jeanette looking at the pulped remains of their associate.  But she wasn’t – and she was ghost pale!  One of the incubation containment bins was cracked by the notebook computer as it was thrown by Ajax.  The problem was that some of Lance’s body fluids had sprayed on it and leaked into the unfertilized ova in solution.  Kensington paled.  
“Sound the alarm, Jeanette,” Kensington said looking at the mess on the incubation tank, and refusing to look at the remains of Lance, just scant feet away.  
The alarm was sounded immediately and soldiers came bursting into the lab outside the incubation room.  A couple of the other scientists working on their projects were stunned by the sudden appearance of the soldiers.  Right behind them came Colonel Hatcher, General Appleby’s right-hand man.  He looked around the laboratory like he was trying to ferret out a scent.  His eyes met Kensington’s, and he smiled a small smile.  He walked briskly to meet him.  
“Dr. Holloway,” the colonel began as if he was meeting him in a park on a sunny day.  “I take it you were the one who called the alarm?”  He almost sounded accusatory, his eyes looking around the room some more.
“Actually, Sir, it wasn’t.  Dr. Hall did.  She is in the incubation chamber.  I need you to see something besides the unfortunate fate of our most esteemed colleague, we might have to destroy an entire lot of our ova…”  The colonel shot him a look laced with malice.  Kensington realized he was dealing with a very dangerous man.  He maintained his composure and acted like he didn’t notice the threat in that look.  “Follow me, Colonel.  I will show you what happened to Dr. Kent and explain everything.”  He turned and walked, expecting the dangerous man to fall in step behind him.  He never looked back, hoping that the commander had fallen into step, but uncertain as he couldn’t hear anything.
Kensington stopped before the scene of the tragedy, found the man was right behind him, and showed him the spray of the decedent’s body fluids, the cracked case, and that the fluids were dripping inside.  The colonel looked at it carefully.
“So what’s the problem?” he asked, not at all understanding what it was he was looking at.  Kensington felt a slight raise in the rate of his heartbeat.  This was what he had wanted.
“You see, sir, this fluid is dripping into the tubes inside…”
“I can SEE that, Doctor,” Hatcher interrupted rudely.  “But why does that mean we have to kill these?”
“There is DNA in that fluid, Sir.  If it gets into the cells of the unfertilized ova, which have been specially treated to allow easier absorption of nucleic acids into its cell membrane.  It may get absorbed into the genome of the cell chromosome and contaminate the creatures you want to grow.”
“Soldiers, my good doctor,” Hatcher sneered.
“Excuse me, Sir?” he asked.
“Soldiers.  They are not creatures, Doctor, but they are soldiers.”
“Fine,” Kensington said, a little annoyed, which annoyed the colonel to see this lowly doctor talking down to him.  “Anyway,” Kensington continued, “these samples are almost assuredly containing some of Dr. Kent’s DNA and that contamination could have some very disastrous results.  They need to be destroyed.”  The colonel looked at Kensington with an odd look, like he was measuring the man before him up.  Reassessing him.  
“Don’t worry yourself, my good doctor,” he said with a hint of menace.  “They will be taken care of.  Now take the rest of the day off – both of you!  It’s been a traumatic afternoon.”  With that he turned his back to them and started shouting orders to the soldiers who had no idea of what was what in this area.  Jeanette squeezed Kensington’s hand and he looked at her, read the import of her look, and nodded a little.  They walked out of the laboratory and went to the hall where their rooms caused them to say good-bye… except Jeanette didn’t let his hand go.
“I’m afraid to be alone,” she said looking deeply into his eyes.
“Allow me to escort you then,” he said immediately and walked her to her apartment.  Once there, they waited for the door to open, and then without a word, they both went into her place.  She turned immediately and threw her arms around his neck and he drew her into a deep, long kiss.  They parted and she turned and pulled him toward her bedroom.
*~*~*
After several hours of love-making and sharing information and ideas, the two lovers sat at the small table in the small dining area next to her kitchen, and ate a nice quiet meal.  Their eyes were on each other’s, and they ate in silence for a while.  Then Jeanette broke that silence.
“When did you become so brave and fast on your feet?”  He looked at her in surprise.  “You were impressive out there, you know,” she said.  He smiled sheepishly, feeling his ears get hot.
“I didn’t notice,” he said modestly.  She smiled.  Their reverie was short-lived as a knock on her door pulled them back into the real world.  She looked at Kensington, who nodded ever so slightly.  She slid off of her chair and went to the door.  
“Hang on a minute,” she said as she walked to the door.  She opened the door and Eric walked right in.
“I’m sorry to barge in like this, but…” he stopped as he saw Kensington sitting there, his eyes opening wide in surprise.  Then a sly smile spread across his face.  “Why I never would have guessed…”
“Guessed what, Eric?” Kensington asked, arching one eyebrow.  “That Dr. Hall and myself are friends?  We were released from work early and decided on a spot of tea.  Care to join us?”
“About that,” Eric said.  “I don’t know what happened in there today, except that poor Lance passed away due to an unfortunate accident of some sort.  But when I heard that something had happened, I hurried there to see a box covered with one of our specimen blankets being rolled down the hall and my curiosity got the best of me.  They wheeled it into the lab with the hybrid animals after they had evacuated everybody out of it.  I was seen and quickly dispatched to leave.”
“Oh dear God…” Jeanette said.  Kensington went pale.  Eric looked at them both, and fear crept up into his features as well.  
“I see by the looks on both of your faces that I should be scared out of pants right about now.  Why?” he asked.  Kensington was going to say something, but Jeanette beat him to it.
“Eric, I think you need to sit down.  We have a major problem on our hands.”  Eric, for the first time since Kensington had met the man, actually looked like a deer in the headlights.  “We think there was a whole case of unfertilized ova contaminated with Lance’s blood.  We were going to destroy the ova, but were ordered out of the lab by Colonel Hatcher.  We didn’t feel it a good idea to cross the man.”
“Good thing you didn’t,” Eric replied, while deep in thought.  “He has killed an entire pod of scientists in the past just because one of them asked him a question he felt was a sarcastic butting at him.  Of course Appleby damned near choked the living shit out him for that.  But I wouldn’t put it past him to do it again.”
“You do understand the ramifications of this, I’m certain,” Kensington asked.  “Imagine having a bunch of Ajaxs or Medusans running around with intelligence greater than most every other human being on the planet.  I really don’t like the thought of that.”
“Neither do I, Old Boy!  Neither do I,” Eric said, his face serious and his mind still lost in thought.  Kensington noticed that Jeanette said nothing about witnessing the murder, and he was relieved.  He didn’t trust Eric, and this didn’t make him trustworthy.  Kensington had seen Eric’s true colors already, and knew better to trust him.  However, with this news, he was absolutely certain that Eric was terribly upset.  So maybe they could use that.
“What should we do?” Jeanette asked.  Her eyes were focused on Eric’s face.  He looked up at her.
“We?  Nothing.  I need to talk to Appleby alone,” Eric said.  “I’m not sure he is even aware of what’s happened.”
“Hold on a moment, Eric,” Kensington said. “Let me fix your lab coat before you go.  You don’t want to go looking desperate,” he said straightening the lab coat out.  “We’ll wait for you here.  We don’t know what else to do.”  His face looked like a confused school-boy’s.  Eric shook his head and left.  They listened until his footsteps were no longer heard echoing down the halls.
“I wish I could hear what is being said to Appleby,” she said.  Kensington raised one eyebrow and had a partial smile on his face.  “No!” she said laughing.  
“Of course not,” he said, looking around the room with his eyes.  “I’m tired.  May I lie down in your bed?” he asked.
“Certainly… I’ll join you.”  Her eyes twinkled.
*~*~*
“General Appleby,” Eric said.
“Hello, Dr. Johnson.  What brings you here today… without a summons from me?”
“Well General, it has to do with Dr. Kent’s demise, and an occurrence from that mishap,” Eric said.
“I am fully aware of what happened, Dr. Johnson,” the general replied.  There was silence for about thirty seconds.
“Even with what happened to the ova?” Eric asked.  The General looked at him with no emotion on his face.  Eric paled.
“You have to destroy them, General!”  Eric all but screamed.  “Do you fully understand the ramifications of even just a possibility of these absorbing the genome from Kent?” he asked, grabbing the general’s jacket.  Appleby looked at his jacket in Eric’s hands.  Eric let go.  “I’m sorry, General… I am just concerned…”
“Let me make one thing perfectly clear to you, Johnson,” Appleby said, his face becoming a terrible mask of anger.  “If you ever, and I mean EVER touch me like that again, I will kill you so fast you won’t even know you’re dead.  Do I make myself clear?”  
“Yes, Sir!   My apologies, General!”
“What about Hall and Holloway?  Are they getting suspicious?”
“I don’t think so… I think they are more interested in fucking each other than anything else,” Eric answered, bitterness on his face.
“I wouldn’t count on that, Johnson.  Keep a closer eye on them.  Kill them if you have to.”
“Yes, Sir,” Eric answered.
“Turn that damned thing off,” Jeanette said.  “I’ve heard enough,” she whispered. 
“So what happened?” Kensington asked, seeming sincere in his request.  Jeanette was ever more impressed with him.  She was so angry at the deception of those she worked with and just how disposable they were in the eyes of the people they worked for – just like Lance – that she was not able to play the game with Eric yet.  She just sat there and acted dejected while Kensington pulled off the role so genuinely that if she didn’t know better, she would never have known the truth.
“It turns out the General was not aware of the issue.  Once I told him what had happened and the implications, he told me he would personally see to it they were incinerated,” Eric lied, and almost as convincingly as Kensington.
“Thank God,” Kensington, breathed, looking relieved.  Jeanette wanted to choke on her rage.  But she held her pose as if she were lost in thought.
“What’s with her?” Eric asked indicating Jeanette.  She fought to stay immobile, and barely managed not to breathe differently than what she had been.
“She’s still shaken up by Lance’s death,” Kensington answered.  “They were actually close friends,” he lied.  Eric’s eyebrows went up in surprise.  Kensington would have loved to laugh if the stakes weren’t so serious.  Jeanette damn near choked.
“At least we can sleep a little better now that the ova were destroyed.  Did they find out how he fell into the machinery?” Kensington asked.
“Uh, no, not that I’ve heard,” Eric said, apparently disturbed by something.  “I’ll keep you posted, Kensington… you too Jeanette,” he said.  She kept her gaze focused straight in front of her as if she hadn’t heard a thing.  He looked at her a moment and turned to leave.  As he got to the door, he turned to look at Kensington.  “I hope she snaps out of this,” he said.
“Me too,” Kensington replied, a serious look on his face.  Eric turned and left.  They both stayed where they were for several minutes, not sure if he had gone down the hall or was waiting outside.  Then they heard footsteps walking away and realized they were wise in not moving too soon.  Then they both relaxed and Jeanette jumped on Kensington’s lap, her legs on each side of his hips.
“You never cease to amaze me, Dr. Holloway,” she purred in his ear, biting it a little painfully.  Kensington winced a little, but smiled.
“I have the most wonderful reason for inspiration,” he smiled, looking at her appreciatively.  She smiled a moment in return, then her features went serious.  She kissed his neck and whispered in his ear.
“What are we going to do?”
Kensington already had that topic in his mind.
“I really don’t know,” he whispered back.
*~*~*
May 19, 2077
Kensington was working in the lab, but now he seldom worked alone.  Jeanette was with him as much as she could be.  This never bothered Kensington.  On the contrary, actually.  His wife was the most amazing person he had ever known, and so perfect a match for him!  She was extremely intelligent as well as lovely to him, and she loved him!  HIM!  It never ceased to amaze him.
But the environment they were in always bothered him.  He wanted to escape this place and run away and hide forever with his bride!  They had been married for six months now, and the only thing he could think of was how much he wanted to leave, knowing it would be damned near impossible.  He had a growing fear in his gut that the world was going to flip over on its ear, as it were.  The super soldiers had been released and the British Empire was in a new dawn!  Every nation on the planet was up in arms, but the leaders were assassinated by Chameleonites, as the Ajax type creature were called, before they could call up a strike against the little island nation.
He thought that after they had done what “His Majesty” had wanted, they would be released.  That was when he was told that all of the scientists were too valuable to release at this time – too much of a liability.  They would be targets for kidnapping by others to have them make these super soldiers for others.  But Kensington was feeling that something was amiss, though he couldn’t put his finger on it.
Jeanette felt it, too.
Eric had changed in the past several years from the cocky self-assured ass that he was to a bitter, self-absorbed half-insane tyrant that looked continually over his shoulder as if everything he did was being watched, which perhaps it was.  He didn’t research like he had in the past, and was always relaying messages from Appleby and “His Majesty”.  Colonel Hatcher was always in the wings and Kensington quickly deduced that the little Napoleonic prick was one of the main reasons for both Eric’s paranoia and the increased restrictions of their freedoms of late.
Apparently, the samples had not become contaminated as all of the ova had successfully been destroyed as they were told or, as Kensington was more apt to believe, survived but had not absorbed the DNA of their former work associate.  But Kensington and Jeanette never trusted anything in this forced imprisonment.  They were still forced to continually work on their creations, making them more dangerous and yet still controllable by His Majesty’s Intelligence Agency.  Their army of soldiers had made them so strong as a nation, yet they were still prisoners because of it. Kensington was still working on his secret project, kept secret from even his wife for her own protection.  He felt a sense of urgency to keep working on it, although he never understood why that feeling was there.  He was able to work more easily now, the strict surveillance easing up after Britain had regained world dominance.
Plus Jeanette had found a way to sense the presence of the Chameleonites or other of their “children” that had gained camouflage capabilities.  A couple of drops in their eyes allowed for them to see the creatures quite easily for at least ten hours.  It altered the cornea enough to “unbend” some of the light that the organisms used to hide themselves.  This allowed Kensington to work on his project much more swiftly.  Jeanette knew he was up to something, but never asked.  She knew what the stakes were, and Kensington had proved to be quite the resourceful husband, keeping her safe and yet looking as timid to everyone else as he could.
She made herself look as plain as she could to help with the illusion.  Eric, who really had wanted her to be one of his conquests, gave up soon after she and Kensington hooked up.   That took some of the heat off of both of them, and they reveled in it.  Especially after the whole of the underground went dead silent after the assassination of their leaders and a few of their soldiers.  The rest laid low.  
Yet the underground was still alive, though much more silent in their operations than before.  New methods of communication were devised.  The eye drops were distributed to only their most trusted associates.  Things were overall more tolerable than they were previously, but they were still in their prison.
Kensington felt the time had come to meet and sent the signal out in the new method, reserved only for the leaders of the resistance.
*~*~*
Appleby and Hatcher walked among the new batch of soldiers, who were lined on either side of the hall at the position of attention, as much as some of their misshapen limbs would allow.  Appleby was amazed at these creatures, but not happy.  He had wanted creatures with a little more intelligence but not enough to think too much on their own.  He looked into all of their eyes and the blank look they returned disgusted him.
“You’d think Johnson’s DNA would have done something, ANYTHING!  But they’re still the same stupid, mindless brutes as all the rest of them!” he huffed.  Hatcher, looked at him out of the corner of his eye.
“Maybe just having the DNA in the “soup” isn’t enough, Sir,” he suggested.  “I’m no genetic engineer, but don’t they have to actually put the DNA into the right places in the strands of the DNA itself?”  Appleby looked at him with an almost comical look of amazement.
“You know a hell of a lot more of this than I do, obviously,” he replied.  
“Maybe you’ll feel better after a nice spot of hot tea, Sir,” Hatcher suggested.
“I really don’t feel like… oh all right.  That is actually a good suggestion, Hatcher!”  Hatcher smiled a little as they exited the hall at the door on the far end of the hallway.
One of the Ape men looked across the corridor into the eyes of a Mantoid.  The looks they exchanged said volumes.
*~*~*
Eric was walking to the lab and saw Jeanette leaning against the wall just outside the door.  Kensington was nowhere in sight.  Curious he approached her.
“Are you feeling well, Dr. Hall?” he asked, sidling up to her.
“It’s Holloway,” she said irritated, “And yes, I will be fine.  Just a wave of nausea passed over me.  I think I jumped up too quickly after sitting for too long.  I’ll be okay.  Thank you so much for asking,” she said politely, even though in her mind she could see herself grabbing his tongue and ripping it out.
“Do you want me to walk you to your flat?” he asked.  She shook her head no.
“I’ll be fine,” she answered, the color coming back to her face.  “Really.  I just think I’ve been over doing it.”  She turned her back on him and walked back to her quarters.  
When she got back home, she ran to the bathroom and knelt in front of the toilet and vomited.  She looked at the test reading again to confirm her suspicions.  She looked at the result on the electronic device and shook her head.  How was she going to tell Kensington that she was pregnant?
*~*~*
Kensington came out of the back of the hatchery and saw Eric looking at the papers and the computer screen on Jeanette’s desk.  He felt his ire rise, but instead took a very deep breath.  He walked over to his own desk next to hers, put his notebooks in the drawer, and turned to Eric.
“Is there anything I can do to help you, Eric?” he asked.   Eric pulled away from the screen, unsatisfied.  He wiped the look of dissatisfaction from his face but not in time to stop Kensington from seeing it.
 “…and have you seen Jeanette?” he asked after looking around the laboratory, before looking back at Eric.  
“I just saw her out in the hall.  She looked a might bit under the weather,” Eric replied.  “I think she went back to her quarters.”  Kensington hated Eric more every day because he still tried to get in between he and his wife, and he tried to anger him as much as possible. 
“Thank you for that Eric,” Kensington smiled.  “I will tend to her shortly.  I have to put away a few things.”
Eric glared at him for a moment then turned and left.  Kensington hurried himself, but only so fast as to NOT look like he was in a hurry, and putting away everything into its place.  Not doing so brings suspicion down on you.  He watched two of the newer colleagues, one a replacement for Lance, get pulled and interrogated after leaving their area a mess.  The haunted look on their faces was horrible.  One of them even committed suicide two days after the interrogation.
The worst part of the whole affair?  They just wanted to go to the nightclub for the first time and were impatient.
So Kensington made sure his area was as perfect as he could keep it.  He wanted to explode and go running through the halls at top speed to get to Jeanette.  She wasn’t feeling well… Down here, in this almost germ-free environment, that became a scary prospect.  She either had a physical ailment that wasn’t caused by a bacterium or virus, or an artificially one had been released into their area.
He didn’t want either, but of the two, the first was the better option, if one could pick their ailments.  Rumor had it that the Queensbury Sector had a leak of a genetically engineered “experiment” and killed everybody in that sector.  No witnesses could actually testify to the facts of what had happened, but it was rumored that the victims’ eyes turned black with blood shortly before they burst, and then they were wracked in pain, the whole time bleeding from their pores, until they finally died.  The entire sector was irradiated for a week with enough radiation to consume the bodies of every living thing in that sector.  
That was five months ago, and the radiation scrubbers still hadn’t gotten the entire place radiation-safe enough for human habitation to re-open it.  
Finally he had his area done “just right”, made sure Jeanette’s was in order as well, and left.  As he walked out of the lab, he had a monstrously difficult time not running full bore down the halls to their quarters.  But he managed to make the trip in as leisurely fashion as possible.  When he passed through the door and it closed behind him, he ran into the bedroom to find Jeanette sitting there, expectantly waiting for him, but with nothing to actually say.  Her eyes were wide with the confusion that the maelstrom of thoughts in her mind wrought.  Kensington rushed to her side, held her hand, and looked deeply into her eyes.
“What’s the matter?” he asked, bracing himself for the worst.  She bent close to him and whispered softly into his ear.
“I’m pregnant.”  Kensington went pale.  He looked at her, with both a thrill and a dread.  A woman getting pregnant down here was basically a death sentence for the baby.  Appleby would want the embryo extracted and tests run on it to harvest their DNA.  His mind raced, and he struggled with something in his mind until he had reached a decision.  Jeanette had learned not to interrupt him when he was like this, knowing that whatever he came to as a decision was often brilliant.  His face relaxed and a new resolve settled in.
He then pushed her gently back into the bed, kissing her neck, and as he started to take her clothes off, he whispered his plan to her.  She was mortified and yet excited at the same time.  Two hours later, they lay in each other’s arms, and she smiled and lightly kissed his lips.
“You are brilliant, Kensington.  It’s no wonder I fell in love with you,” she smiled.
*~*~*
June 20, 2077
Jeanette was working alongside Kensington in the incubator chamber when Appleby, Hatcher, and Eric walked in.  They came straight to the couple even as Kensington was putting an embryo back into the incubator.  The trio stopped in front of them and Appleby looked at the both of them, finally setting his sight on Jeanette.
“Is there a problem, General?” Kensington asked.
“This doesn’t concern you,” he said coldly.  “You!” he said nodding toward Jeanette.  Her hand went protectively to her chest.
“What’s the problem, General?” she asked, fear etched in her features.
“I heard you were sick last month,” he stated.  “We want to make sure you are in good health.  Or free from any contaminates brought in inadvertently from one of our newer staff.  We just need a sample of your blood, please,” he said, his tone making it not so much as a plea as much as it was an absolute command.
“You!” he barked at Kensington.  “Fill these,” he tossed a small bio-bag with several tubes in it.  Kensington deftly caught it.
“I was just over tired, General…” she started, but his look silenced her before she could speak more.  Kensington donned some gloves and gathered the needles and vacuum tubes.  Very quickly, he sat and retrieved the blood samples that the general had wanted and they left, Eric looking back over his shoulder, a nasty sneer splayed across his face.  Kensington’s face remained impassive, but in his heart he wanted to kill that man.  He turned back to his beloved, placed a bandage over the wound, and smiled at her impishly.  The look she returned to him was one of awe.
*~*~*
“How did you know?” she whispered in his ear that night.
“Know what?” he asked acting ignorant.
“Kensington!’ she playfully chided him.  “No really!  How did you know they wouldn’t check for at least three weeks?”  He arched an eyebrow.
“Elementary, my dear!  They know the viability of the embryo goes up if you leave it in utero longer.  But they didn’t want to wait longer than a month.  Appleby is a patient man in war, because he understands the art of war	.  Even though our project is for “the cause”, he doesn’t understand it, and that chap fancies that our work is something that really isn’t as delicate as it is.”
“I figured he just didn’t want the women to “show” when they were farther along,” she said.  Kensington smiled.
“Yes.  That too.”
*~*~*
“What do you mean she’s not pregnant?” Eric yelled.  “I know she is!”  His chest heaved with emotion.
“I don’t know what to tell you, Dr. Johnson, but the labs were pretty conclusive,” Hatcher said to the younger man.  He could see that Johnson had been jealous of the relationship between the Holloways had and he patiently waited.  He knew eventually that Johnson would start to crack, and that was when he could use him the most.  “What makes you so sure she was pregnant, anyway?”  Eric looked at him a little bit wild-eyed.
“She was getting nauseous for no apparent reason, had to urinate more… looks at that despicable excuse for a man that she actually married with a look that just makes me want to vomit!”  Eric had let his mood get the best of him, his chest heaving, sweat had exploded out onto his skin.  He looked at Hatcher with fear, realizing he may have just upset this most dangerous man.  But Hatcher said nothing, was looking at him almost analytically, his face betraying no emotion.
“You like this woman, do you not?” he asked Eric bluntly.  Eric was still wild-eyed, more now at the comment than his feelings a moment ago.
“What?” he asked in disbelief.
“I said you like her, don’t you Dr. Johnson?”  Eric slowly nodded.  “Good!  That’s all I needed to hear.  You see, Dr. Holloway, though a very brilliant man, hasn’t been giving us enough.  Especially lately.  We have reason to believe he is planning something to cause us… more than just an annoyance.”
“What are you talking about?” Eric asked, fearing where this conversation was headed.
“That, Dr. Johnson, is not your affair.  But, if you like this girl and want her,” Eric was motionless, not even breathing, “then you can have her.”
“What?!” he exclaimed.  “But she’s married to…”
“Then kill him, Dr. Johnson.  But do it in a way that doesn’t draw attention to yourself… or us!  Because if it does, I will kill you myself!”  Eric was trying very hard not to have his heart explode out of his chest.  He suddenly found it difficult to breathe.
“Kill him?” he asked in horror.
“Oh, please, Dr. Johnson!  Don’t get sentimental on me now!  I’ve seen how you relish the killing of another human being by your creations.  You love it!”
“But this is different!  You want ME to do it!” Eric almost shrieked.
“I will put it to you this way, Johnson!” Eric caught the lack of his title.  “If you don’t kill Holloway, I will kill you myself!  Am I understood?”  Eric slowly nodded.
“Good,” Hatcher said, straightening out Eric’s lab coat, as a mother would her son’s.  “I’m so glad we could have this little chat.  Now get out and don’t let me see you again until the deed is done.”  Eric nodded frantically and left the office of General Appleby’s right hand man.  After a moment, Hatcher said to nobody in the room, “Follow him and kill him after he finishes killing Holloway.”  After a moment, the door to his office opened and closed seemingly by itself.  Hatcher smiled.
*~*~*
Eric was all but running from Hatcher’s office, but got control of himself and slowed his walk down.  He needed to think about what he had to do.  He didn’t really have a choice!  Not that he had any love for Kensington.  He hated him!  But never enough to kill the man!  But he had no choice!  
So how?
He turned the corner and walked toward the lab where the soldiers were hatched and trained.  The soldiers stood on either side of the hall at the position of attention, their eyes seemingly devoid of all conscious thought.  He stopped in front of a Mantoid.  The insect-like humanoid stood at attention, not moving.  Eric looked at it, and though always filled with a kind of awe, was angry at what he had helped to create.  These “things” had caused him to become something he wasn’t.  He started to follow everything Appleby had said and soon became so enveloped in the general’s plan, he didn’t realize the moment he had lost himself.
But Appleby did.  
And now, through Hatcher, Appleby was manipulating Eric to actually murder somebody in cold blood.  What did all of this have to do with his creations?  When did he lose sight of his initial excitement and work?  He shook his head in confusion.  But here he was, in a situation that was choking him.  His ire burst and he screamed in rage at the mantoid in front of him.
“You fucking retarded pieces of shit!” he yelled.  “It’s all because of you that I am in all of this trouble!”  He spit on the mantoid.  “You stupid, mindless shits!”  
Then the Mantoid looked down at him and said in a voice that was somewhat human and somewhat not, but fully understandable, “We are neither stupid nor mindless.”
*~*~*
Kensington was walking to the lab from the hatcheries, which were in a different sector, but still close.  He could have used the back corridors, but that would have raised suspicions.  He wasn’t even supposed to know about them.  Before he had gotten there, Jeanette and her underground network had gleaned the information from Eric, when he was drunk.  It took seven times of getting him there before they gleaned all of the information, but Jeanette used her charm to gain it.  Eric never figured it out, but did remember she had gone out with him on multiple occasions.  And he liked her.  But she had spurned him shortly before Kensington’s arrival, though he pursued her relentlessly thereafter.
He had just put his project into its secret place and walked toward the door leading out.  He felt a thump in the floor that wasn’t something he felt every day.  His mind raced to remember what had caused that feeling.  Then he remembered just as the door was opening.  His instincts kicked in and he dodged for the concealment of one of the supporting beams and the crates stacked next to it, offering Kensington a peephole of types between the crates.
When the door opened a Herpeton, one of the nastiest of the engineered species in Kensington’s opinion, turned its reptilian head and looked at the door as it opened.  The serpent-headed creature looked for a moment, then turned back to looking at the action in front of him.  Kensington peeked through the crates and realized he could actually sink into the shadows a little more and peer over the crates because the attention of all of the creatures was on something happening in front of them.  Kensington wanted to see, but the doors had closed again.  He could feel something bad was happening and wanted to see what it was.
He ran to the back of the hatchery to where the last of the computers were installed – these mostly used for surveillance. He found the one in the hall, and saw Eric looking up into the face of the Mantoid, terror so profoundly etched in his features, that Kensington would remember this moment for the rest of his life.  He turned the sound on to see what Eric was saying, but the thing that shocked him the most was not what Eric said, but the humanoids!  They were actually talking!
“We are not the ones that are inferior, oh my “Maker”, as you fancy yourself.  You were merely the tool used to get us here faster – we are the natural evolutionary jump to the next great population of the Earth!”  The voice of the Mantoid stopped.
Then a Panteran stepped up, his feline head looking down at the terrified human before him.  His massively muscled arms and clawed hands reached out to grab the hapless human.  It grabbed Eric’s clothes and lifted him effortlessly off the ground.  “We just wanted you to know first what lies ahead.  Why?  So you can realize how instrumental you were in the destruction of your own kind!”
Kensington gasped and ran to the back of the room and into the well-hidden tunnels in the back.  He heard Eric screaming in pain and agony, and turned to look at the monitor for that hallway to see what was happening just in time to see the Panteran bite into Eric’s abdomen and ripped out his entrails.  He wanted to vomit, but went into the corridor.  When the door had closed, he secured it from that side to prevent anyone from following.  He ran as fast as he could to the laboratory, and Jeanette.  
He entered, but caution made him wary.  Good thing, too.  Jeanette was working and there was a Chameleonite clinging to the crossbeam just over her.  Kensington could see it turn its head to look at him and he remained as if oblivious.  He grabbed a two meter long metal rod used to hold racks of samples on transport carts and smiled as he approached his wife, using the metal rod like a walking stick.  It was not uncommon for them to see these creatures looking at them, but he knew the truth now, and played like nothing had changed.  Jeanette turned to him confused at first because he had come in from the secret tunnels.
When Kensington approached her, he stood directly under the Chameleonite.  He smiled again, which made Jeanette wary.  He grabbed the rod in both hands and leaned forward a bit, then pushed the rod straight up into the throat of the Chameleonite.  He pushed Jeanette out of the way, and let the creature slide down the rod.  When it had reached the ground, Kensington pulled the rod out of the misshapen neck and slammed the pole into one of its eyes, passing through the head, and out the other side.  The body spasmed once. 
Jeanette looked up at Kensington, her eyes wide with fear.
Kensington took her hand and led her out the back the way he had come in.  Only after he closed the door and locked from that side did he turn to her.  His chest was heaving and he was pale.  Jeanette was scared.
“What happened?” she asked, terrified of the answer.  He looked at her, his eyes wild.
“The project is done.”  He breathed in deeply.  Looking into her eyes, he held her by the arms, and said, “The genetically altered creatures we have created… they fooled us all!”
“Fooled us?” she asked then her eyes opened wide as the revelation of what he had just said hit her.  “Dear God!”
“Yes,” Kensington.  “They are intelligent and have been fooling us for how long we just don’t know.  They were holding Eric and told him they wanted him to know that they were here to destroy mankind.”
“What did they do to Eric?” she asked.  Kensington looked at her in a way that sent chills up her spine.
“They killed him.  I saw it on a security monitor in the back of the Hatchery.”
“What about the Project?” she asked.
“It’s safe.  For now.  I will eventually have to bring it out and get it to safety.  But for now it is safe.”
“What about us?” she asked.  “What if they find us?”  His look answered her question, and she swallowed hard.  “So what do we do for now?”
“Try to get out of here and warn the others.”
*~*~*
“So I sent Johnson to kill Holloway, and Ajax to kill Johnson afterward,” Hatcher said to Appleby.  The general was sitting back in his office chair, tapping a pencil onto the index finger of his other hand.  He sat up, took a deep breath, and reached for his coffee, something he drank all day long.  He sat back in thought a moment longer.
“It’s a crying shame to have to waste these people.  They are some of the greatest talent this planet has ever seen.  That and they did it for His Majesty and made our nation great again.”  He looked up at Hatcher and asked, “And the other scientists?”
“I will take care of them personally,” Hatcher replied.  Appleby didn’t care to hear the details.  “Okay.  Now onto the matter…”  Appleby’s comment stopped in his throat as Ajax seemed to appear from out of thin air.
“Ah, the scientists that have been your biggest thorn in your side have been taken care of, General.  They…” Hatcher’s comment was stopped as Ajax grabbed Hatcher around the throat with his long fingers and lifted him  up from the ground as easily as a child picks up a rag doll.  Appleby stood up and pulled out his pistol.  He shot the Chameleonoid aiming square in the center of its head, but the bullet only skidded along the side of its skull, so fast did the Chamelionoid move.  Ajax threw Hatcher at him with such speed and force, the two men were both airborne as they hit the wall.  Ajax quickly grabbed the pistol and tucked it away in its garments.  Appleby nudged Hatcher to get off of him, then saw the unnatural angle his head was resting, and realized Hatcher’s neck was broken.  He pushed the corpse off of him and stood to face Ajax.
“At least tell me what this is about!” Appleby bellowed.  Alax stopped his advance on the general, and did the closest approximation to a smile his face could manage.
“Some of ussss, have been intelligent from the beginning, General.  The rest of those that were born from that human’sss murder – the ones where hissss DNA mingled?  It actually produced creaturessss so far beyond normal intelligence.  Then, we only acted ssstupid until the time wassss ripe.”  His tongue whipped around the lips of his huge mouth.  
“Ripe?  Ripe for what?” Appleby asked, his eyes searching for a weapon he could use.  His eyes passed over the papers on his desk… papers which covered the over-sized letter opener he kept on his desk.  A sound in the hall outside of the office made Ajax turn to look, and in that moment, Appleby ran by his desk, scooping up the oversized letter opener and launched himself at the creature.  Without turning back around, Ajax’s left hand shot out behind him and he grabbed the general around the throat.  He turned his head back around and looked at Appleby.
“Ripe for the fall of your kind,” he said just before his overly large hand squeezed and snapped the general’s neck like a dry twig.
*~*~*
The back halls where Kensington and Jeanette were hiding were only known to a select few as an escape corridor for situations such as this.  Many of the resistance leaders that knew of the tunnels had survived.  The couple found a bank of monitors that showed various areas of the underground fortress.  Everywhere they looked, the scene was the same.  Their creations were swiftly killing off the humans in often very brutal, animalistic ways.  The watched as Ajax was talking with Appleby.  They found a volume control and tweaked it up a little bit.  They heard the dialogue and watched as Ajax broke the general’s neck.  Jeanette grew pale and felt her legs wanting to buckle.  Kensington visage was grim.
“Well I’m glad that fat bastard got HIS.  But he also may very well have signed the death warrant for the human race!”
“There may be some out there, but surely they won’t be enough to do that,” Jeanette offered.
“No there’ isn’t.  At least not now,” Kensington said, looking at another monitor. Further down the bank.  “Jeanette!  Look at this!” She came running to the monitor and saw the wing that was irradiated from the viral contamination inhabited by the inhumanoids, as Kensington started calling them.  They were busily moving things around the abandoned area, making space as it were.  No bodies were in evidence from the earlier contamination, the remains being burned away.  About twenty Mantoids and ten Ape-men were moving things from the middle of the deserted pod.  One figure stood out among the others – a Panteran with jet-black fur, heavily muscled arms, and fierce blue eyes that showed a burning rage and … such intelligence!  He was directing the others on what to do.  An Ape-man stood beside him on one side and a Mantoid on the other.
The work continued and Kensington and his wife watched, knowing there was nothing else they could do.  All passages were no longer an option.  The take-over of the facility was so well coordinated, it would have made Appleby proud if they had been following his orders.  The entire facility had fallen within a matter of fifteen minutes!  Already, the genetically engineered creatures were building rows and rows of tables, with sides along the edges to keep whatever was on the table from falling off.  There were so many tables being built and in such record time!
The two observers were held spellbound to the screen.  The project went on for the better part of two hours.  Then without stopping, racks of test tubes were brought in and placed in the tables.  The two gasped when they saw that.  The Holloways both realized that each test tube had the embryo of a soldier in it.  They had made the entire level one humongous incubator!  Kensington did some quick math in his head and exhaled, suddenly dizzy.  He had counted the test tubes per table, times the number of tables... there were over ten thousand embryos growing in there!  
And they would mature within the month!
“We should blow the facility up!” Jeanette said, shaking with passion.  Kensington slowly shook his head no.
“We can’t,” he said looking straight at the monitor.  “There are too many of them on the outside.  They would just pick up the pieces and do this out there.  My plan is still the best one,” he said and squeezed her hand.
“But what if they find it first?” she asked.
“They haven’t yet.  But we will have to get it out soon.  Or else all of my work will have been for naught.”  She nodded in acquiescence.
“You know, Kensington Holloway, you still never cease to amaze me,” she said, smiling at her husband.  He looked at her in surprise.  
“What?” he asked surprised.
“Whenever I first met you, you were so timid.  So awkward.  You did a complete one-hundred-and-eighty degree turn-around almost overnight.”  She smiled at him.  He looked a little uncomfortable with her attention.
“I never had anybody to care for before.  Not really.  So when you showed me you loved me, I wasn’t going to let anybody, I mean ANYBODY, hurt you or take you away from me!”  She looked at him lovingly.  She didn’t want to say it, but she knew they were never going to get out of this alive.
*~*~*
Four nights later, the creatures felt the need to watch the lower levels of the facility to be not as important, so the majority of the creatures moved on to other parts of the underground citadel.  The Holloways had found that the tunnels had food stored in abundance in the wall panels, and were able to comfortably manage.  There were cots built into the walls. Apparently, these corridors were built for just such an emergency as this.  But only Kensington and Jeanette had reached this haven. 
Then Kensington did something bold.  He snuck into the old incubating chamber and took something from there.  He had gotten back to the tunnel just in time.  Four of the beasts came into the room.  They had heard something in here, and now could smell it.  They sniffed around the hidden door for a good five minutes, but were not able to find it.  Then, when one of them called on the radio, the very act armed the mechanism Kensington had planted in the incubator.  The bomb had destroyed their entire lab area and the entire hatchery, fires raging out of control on the floor.
*~*~*
The couple had planned everything thing carefully, hitting areas of the fortress and getting away with it.  They went in, set bombs, and left.  The resulting booms had made it impossible to be followed.  Plus the cameras were easily disarmed from intelligence left in the tunnels. Allowing them their hit and run missions without alerting the creatures as to where they were was frustrating the Panteran.  He would roar in anger.  
And then came the day that Kensington had miscalculated.
He went on these missions alone.  He didn’t want his wife to be in danger.  She had argued at first, but he persuaded her it was best this way.  She was watching the monitor, Kensington planting the bomb, when he turned to leave and ran into a Chameleonite soldier that had appeared before him.  He immediately tried to set off the bomb, but the creature was way too fast for him and back-handed him so hard his head snapped to the side too fast and he went unconscious.  
And Jeanette saw the whole thing!  And she wept.  Turning, she moved through the halls with purpose.  As she would pass a monitoring station, she would quickly type in a sequence, hit “Enter” and move to the next one.  She had gone by thirty-five stations and was almost at the entrance to the first floor below the surface before the first bomb went off on the lowest level.  The repercussions of the bomb rocked the whole facility.
Then the next bomb on the next level.  The shifting of the earth could be felt.  She sat there as she felt the earth rumble, but this time it wasn’t from the bombs.  She heard the creatures she helped to create come rushing up the stairs in a hurry to leave.  She waited a moment more, then pushed the button on the monitor before her.  The explosion rocked her part of the chamber as the entrance on the other side of the tunnel collapsed, killing all those that had tried to escape and sealing the door to the exit.  
She waited a moment, then peaked out.  The area was full of dust, but no movement could be seen, no sound heard.  Quietly she slipped into the woods, disappearing into the night, her first time out of the underground fortress in almost five years!
*~*~*
Kensington, recovering from the vicious blow he had received, looked around him.  The whole area was rubble and debris.  The Chameleonite lying on the ground two feet away – a large piece of broken concrete resting upon what used to be its head and chest.  He smiled to himself.  Jeanette did as he had asked.  He had just about resigned himself to die when he noticed the hidden hallway had been exposed from the crashing walls.  
Kensington made a mad dash for the safety that room meant for him.  The third bomb had blown upstairs.  She was out!  No he had to run like the wind before...
The hallway moved like a living thing, and Kensington danced through it like a skilled dancer.  How he had managed to keep his footing, he didn’t know.  Metal creaked and groaned as the integrity of the underground fortress was giving way.  He ran down the corridors as fast as his feet would take him and swiftly climbed to the next level.  He had made it halfway when the bomb on this level blew, knocking him off of his feet.  The concussion from the bomb had caused his right ear to ring incessantly, blood dripping off of his earlobe onto his shoulder.
Kensington vomited.  He heard screams and moans coming from someplace close, so he jumped up and ran for everything he was worth.  The next two stairways were relatively close to each other, and he scrambled up the ladders to the next couple of levels.
THOOM!  The next floor blew up.  He scrambled some more, finally making the top flight of stairs when the next two went off at about the same time.  Kensington literally flew out of the hole in the ground where the facility entrance had been.  Metal groaned and pipes snapped.  Concrete could be heard cracking and breaking, and finally the whole of the facility let loose and slid into the earth.  Kensington watched and waited for a moment.
Then the hair on the back of his neck stood on end.  He heard the hiss of serpents and the soft roaring of a panther.  Madly, he ran off into the forests often looking over his shoulder, listening for the sound of pursuit.  He prayed Jeanette had gotten away.
*~*~*
Jeanette ran through the forest that surrounded the entrance to the hidden laboratory.  She knew where she had to go, and knew Kensington would join her there if he possibly could.  But she needed to warn someone without getting caught by the creatures of their own making at the same time.  To her knowledge, there were at least one hundred, but no more than one-hundred-fifty out here in the world.  But that was one-hundred-fifty more than she felt comfortable with.  
All through the night, she ran through the forest, always listening for the sounds of the pursuit she feared.  Her legs kept wanting to buckle under the strain of running so much in the night.  She twisted her ankle twice and almost lost the backpack she had strapped on her back.  But she got up and continued running until she came to a clearing in the town of Llaneglwys.  It was a small town, but it was a town.  She edged toward a house with a light on in the window and snuck over to it, not trusting anything or anyone, save Kensington.
The television was on and she could see and hear it clearly outside the domicile.  The huge screen was showing scenes of the site where the ruined laboratory complex had been, smoke pouring out of the earth like a volcano.  The crater generated by the passing of the gigantic underground complex had swallowed a huge amount of the forest in the area.  The reports talked about increased radiation from the area as well.  No living thing was detected within ten kilometers of the site’s center.  All towns and villages would be evacuated immediately.
And Llaneglwys was one of the closest towns.  The place was abandoned so quickly, Jeanette surmised, that the people living here didn’t have time to turn off the television.  Her radiation badge hadn’t changed as of yet, and she suspected it was the government’s way to keep people away from the scene.  She walked through the abandoned town looking for a vehicle she could commandeer to escape the area.  She felt the need to put distance between her and the “children” she had helped to bring into this world.  She needed to warn as many people as she could.
She found one and jumped in.  She screamed a little when the door opened and Kensington jumped in.  His face had the look of a trapped animal.
“Get out of here NOW!” he ordered.  She started up the engine with the keys that were left in the vehicle, and took off.  Looking into her rear view mirror, she could see the hybrids running into town after them, but the engine put her way ahead.   Neither of them slowed their breathing until they were well on their way to Worcester, a city big enough to have a major radio station.  Trusting the government was the LAST thing they were about to do.
They pulled up in front of the BBC station and casually looked at the directory until they found the station director’s name, and walked up to the receptionist.  She looked up at them disinterestedly, especially when they dared to come into this office dressed in such ragtag clothing.  It didn’t seem to bother her that the clothing also had blood on it as well.
“I’d like to speak with Donald Bell, please,” Kensington asked nicely.  He smiled, though he wanted to rush by her and get him.
“Hold on, please,” she said to him.  She picked up the phone and hit a button.  
“Yes, Mr. Bell?  You have a gentleman and a lady here to see you,” she said and pushed a button to end the call.  She looked at them with that same indifference, and said, “He’ll be with you in a moment.”
“Thank you,” Kensington answered.  As much as he wanted to just go running into the man’s office, the only thing that would do would be to get them locked up.  After a seeming eternity, though it had only been three minutes, Donald Bell came out of the back office, walked up to them, and stuck out his hand.
“Don Bell,” he said strongly grasping Kensington’s hand.  
“Kensington Holloway.  And this is my wife Jeanette.”
“So what can I do for you today,” he asked politely, though they could both see by the look in his eye he was only going through the motions of etiquette.
“It’s about the explosions down by Llaneglwys.  We know what is happening there,” Kensington said.  The polite but disinterested look in Bell’s eyes vanished in a moment, looked at their blood-covered clothing for the first time, and he grabbed them to pull them in his office while looking around to see if anybody else was trying to get in.
“Maggie!” Bell all but shouted.  “I am NOT to be disturbed!” he said.  He shut the door and locked it as soon as the two young scientists had entered.  Bell walked around to his desk and sat in his chair, motioning for the two to sit in the chairs on the other side of his desk.  Kensington and Jeanette started on their stories.  At first Bell was leaning forward, eager to hear what they had to say.  Then the expression on his face set more and more like his face was made of granite.  He raised his hand to interrupt them for a moment.  At the same time, Jeanette squeezed Kensington’s hand very hard.  He looked at her for a second, saw where she glanced, and cleared his throat to stop Bell in the middle of his diatribe on their wasting his time and his day.
“I can prove it to you, Mr. Bell.  Right here, and right now.”  Bell sat back in disbelief.  
“Okay, Dr. Holloway,” Bell said in a tone so laced with sarcasm it made Kensington wince.  Kensington reached into his torn jacket and pulled out the pistol that Hatcher used to carry.  Kensington had picked it up as soon as he was able so he could better protect his wife.  He aimed the barrel straight at Bell.  The station boss turned as pale as the blood fled from his face.
“I....I’m sorry!!” Bell whined.  Kensington then aimed it straight up and fired three times.  He and Jeanette jumped back as a large crash caused the stuff on Bell’s desk to explode off the surface of it.  Blood could be seen washing over the top of the desk and over the edges.  Kensington put the barrel at the end of the desk and pulled the trigger.  There was the noise of someone thrashing around for a moment, and then Bell gasped audibly.
“Dear God!” he said under his breath.  On his desk, the Chameleonite’s form appeared.  
“Are you okay, Mr. Bell?” the office intercom asked.  “I’ve called security...”
“No!” Bell barked, quickly recovering from the shock of what he had just learned and witnessed.  He looked up in wonder at the two before him.  
“But...” she protested
“Do you really like working here, Ms. Tuttleberry?” he asked perturbed.
“Yes, Mr. Bell!” and the intercom went dead.  Bell looked at the dead creature.  He went up to touch it.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” Jeanette warned him.  He looked up at her while he saw Kensington walking to a table in the back of the spacious office where a paper guillotine sat.  Kensington had grabbed it and was walking toward them.
“What...” Bell’s question was silenced by the sudden move of the Chameleonite’s hand to his throat, the long fingers wrapping around the unfortunate man’s throat.  There was a cracking noise, a flash of light, and the creature’s grip loosened as the head rolled away from the body.  The blade of the paper axe was buried into Bell’s desk
“And THAT is the only way to kill these bastards,” Kensington said.  “I was trying to tell you before!  They regenerate!”
“Bloody hell, man!” Bell retorted.  “How in the name of all that is sacred could you expect me to believe a tale like that?
“The point is moot, Mr. Bell.” Kensington asked, his arm drenched in the blood of the monster.  “Do you believe us now?”
“I do.”
*~*~*
January 10, 2079 
The announcements made over the BBC had not been taken seriously, at least at first.  Then the Panteran, the same one that disemboweled Eric right in front of me, walked into one of the main television studios in the UK and made the announcement that set the whole world into a frenzy.  This Panteran, Ko-Tar by name, announced to the world that even though the main facility was thoroughly destroyed, that the race of New Men, as they called themselves, had built a separate facility far enough away from the main one that its destruction didn’t touch it, but was close enough that getting things from the facility to the new incubation grounds was easily done.  Ko-Tar claimed that his kind would ascend to the heights of superiority on this planet while the race of Man would be utterly consumed and destroyed.  
The selling point of Ko-Tar’s speech was when he had both the Prime Minister and His Majesty brought in front of the camera.  They started to shout at the New Men, calling them names and making threats.  Ko-Tar looked at them with his inscrutable feline features, then bit the head off of the Prime Minister, and ate it!  The man’s body twitched and convulsed at the violent way it had lost its life.
Then, around the world, hundreds of cameras showed almost every single country on the planet.  Each country’s leader was summarily executed in similar barbaric manners, as was their successors.  Some more horrendously than others, depending on the hybrid of the creatures – the feline Panterans being among the cruelest.  The President of the United States was angry at what had happened and he told the American people to never, ever surrender to these animals!  His death was slow, horrendous, and lingering.  The entire time, the New Men slowly flayed pieces of skin from his body and ate the skin.  Before he died, half out of his mind with pain, the Ape Man in that location demanded the President Acknowledge them as the New Men.  
He didn’t.  He died but with something on his mouth other than New Men.  He died, his last words being – the AniMen.  And it stuck.
Now Jeanette, myself, and a select few other scientists have gotten together to see if we can undo the harm we have done.  We have started to get production of the eye drops that allow us to see their forms when they bend the light around them.  We have also discovered that after using these drops continually for at least a month, the effect is permanent, so far as we can tell.  But our little successes, as nice as they may be, were nothing compared to what came next.
*~*~*
Jeanette came in from the cold.  She shook the snow from her coat and walked over to her husband, who always had the same smile on his face for her that he had from the very first time he smiled at her in full unrestrained love.  She loved that about him!  He held out a bowl of hot soup for her, which she gratefully accepted and started sipping on to warm her insides up a little.  After a few moments, the door to the old barracks opened again, and the man-mountain known only as Luke came in with a huge pack on his back.  He swung the bulk and it hit the ground with a sickening noise.
“We got problems,” he said. The bag had opened a little, and he looked at them.  “Get a load at what your little pets have been up to,” he said as he kick the bag a somethings came out.  They were beheaded to ensure they were dead, but what they were was the horror.  Luke separated the groups up and put head of one with the bodies they belonged to.  
“Oh shite!” Kensington exclaimed.  Jeanette turned pale.
“The Animen did only one decent thing so far – they killed off the damned Medusans.  Can’t blame them much!  Those bitches killed off their own as quickly as they did their enemies.  So the races are basically five, now, eh?  Panterans, Ape Men, Mantoids, Herpetons, and Chameonites, right?  Wrong!”
“Oh, Dearest God!” Jeanette put a shaking hand to her mouth.
“Yep!’ Luke said.  “Looks like yer pets have learned the tricks of the trade!”
“They’ve been making their own hybrids,” Kensington said in shock.  On the ground at his feet were two new hybrids of AniMen – one was part spider, and part human, the other was disgusting to say the least!  It had a head like a sea lamprey with a funnel-like sucking mouth lined with razor-sharp teeth, and the body of an octopus.  Yet the eyes in the head of the thing were so human, it was not difficult to see it had some human component to it.  And it sported a tail with what looked like a stinger in it.
*~*~*
April 19, 2080
Kensington ran through the jungles of Africa, dodging this way and that to avoid the traps they had set.  Luke was behind him, occasionally shooting behind them, occasionally dropping a hybrid with a shot to the head.  Kensington, with Luke’s help, had developed better bullets – the heads would flatten on impact, creating greater hydrostatic pressure and thus take more of the head off, blowing brains everywhere.  But Kensington mixed some chemicals to mix in with the metal casing of the bullet that would also explode on impact, adding to the effect by at least three times.
But at the same time, the AniMen had made hybrids of hawks and Men, giving these scouts superior reconnaissance abilities.  Societies had broken down swiftly with the killings of the world leaders, and the AniMen had become united in purpose.  Mankind found itself crippled from the onset, caught by something they never saw coming.  They were playing their end-game with the results of their foolish pride!  But others, like Kensington and Jeanette, were working on a solution.  Some communication was still possible, but not as effective as it once was.  The internet was a thing of the past.  The AniMen made certain that, although they used many modern tools and technology to breed more of their kind, that the very technology that allowed them to come into existence was destroyed, except for the knowledge of the breeding chambers, so the same mistake was never repeated.
The only thing that gave Kensington and others like him hope was the fact that the super soldiers were genetically designed to be sterile – genderless actually – even the Medusans.  They looked to have many of the gender traits of one or the other, but they had no reproductive capabilities or organs.  Hopefully the savageness of the creatures would end up being their downfall.  It was seen on many occasions where the AniMen would bite at each other or flat out attack others in their ranks over petty – if any – reasons at all.
But Kensington had seen that in humans as well.
Jeanette had been working on another project that Kensington put her to task on to keep her safer.  He wouldn’t tell her any more than what it was she was to do except for a few specific tasks, but to go over them several times each, making sure each task was completed to perfection.  She did.  She never complained.  She understood her husband more than she had ever understood anyone else.  So she did what she needed to do.
And then it happened!  The earth boiled around Kensington and his group.  Jeanette was coming to their area, and fear gripped her.  Kensington only smiled and she knew what to do.  Crying, she ran to the place she had been working for the past year.  She ran inside and pulled the door to and locked it.  Her tears ran unabated, for she knew she would never see her husband again.  She opened the door to the panel had Kensington told her about, and she looked at it.  She bent over, reached her arm into the hole, and pulled out a small box.  Inside was one hypodermic needle and syringe, and some directions.  She read them over, then again, then one more time.  And she shot the chemical into her arm and screamed as the pain roared up her arm.
*~*~*
Kensington and his crew were fighting to keep their balance as the ground churned around them like they were experiencing an earthquake.  Luke aimed his chain gun at the ground and opened fire.  Screaming could be heard as the creatures that were trying to come from underneath were wounded.  Then an arm, or something like one, shot out from the ground and grabbed Luke by the ankle, claws sinking into his boot leather.  Another blast of ammo, and it stopped.  Kensington, however, was not so lucky.  The hands came out and grabbed him, holding him fast to the ground.  The other men and women with them were swiftly subdued.  Luke wasn’t so lucky this time.  His head was split down the middle by a bladed weapon.  His body was swiftly ripped apart and the pieces pulled under the ground.  Kensington tried to suppress a shudder, knowing this might be his fate as well.
Then Ko-Tar walked into his field of vision.  “Save this one!” he ordered pointing at him.
“Why?  He’s just another worthless human being...” an Ape Man said next to him.  Moving so fast that it defied belief, Ko-Tar grabbed the hilt of the weapon that was still stuck in the ground from Luke’s death stroke and whipped it around, neatly slicing the head off of the Ape Man.
“Hey!  He was MY man!” another Ape Man bellowed.  Ko-Tar stood up and looked at the creature that was talking to him through half-closed lids, giving him a more sinister appearance.
“Do you really have issue with his insubordination, Thog?”  The Ape Man looked at Ko-Tar with undisguised hatred, but bowed before the Panteran, striking his massive chest with his fist as he backed away.  Ko-Tar looked at Kensington and walked up to him, bending over to look right into his face.  “I think I will save you for the very last, Father...” he almost purred.  Some of the AniMen laughed.  Kensington wasn’t amused.  There was indeed truth here.  Of all of the humans left alive, only he and Jeanette were of the team that had created these creatures. And he hated the fact that he couldn’t see her anymore.  He just hoped she would be safe.
“You know Thog will try to kill you one day, don’t you?” Kensington asked, trying to sow dissention in the ranks.  Ko-Tar looked at him and smiled – a very fierce expression coming from him.
“I count on it, my father.  I relish the thought.” Ko-Tar answered.  “In that day, I shall feast on that idiot’s blood, and will secure the rest of his following.”
“And if he slays you instead?”  Ko-Tar laughed hard.  
“Then he has earned it!”  Bellowed Ko-Tar.
*~*~*
... And so have I watched, as the AniMen systematically hunted down and killed human after human.  I have always dreaded but never have I seen Jeanette, and I pray she stays safe.  Ko-Tar offers me food – scraps of human, mostly, which of course I refuse.  But every now and then he tosses me something I can eat.  He wants me to survive.  Why?  I haven’t gotten that out of him yet.  I fear the answer he will give me when he does.  The AniMen have developed so many hybrids, but they have lacked on two points – the hybrids live only a few weeks.  But during those few weeks, these abominations have been more than successful at ferreting out the true humans and killing them.  And it is never pleasant when they do!  Ko-Tar has had many of them brought before me to witness their destruction.  Many are ripped into pieces while they are still alive.  Many are eaten, their screams driving me to near insanity.  But I have had kept my face expressionless for so long, I show them nothing!  The worst, though, are the children and babies!  It’s at these moments I damn near break.
But Ko-Tar watches me, so I give him nothing.  I know he has some of his cronies watching me at all times, but some are still as dumb as a box of rocks.  It’s at these times I pull out my journal to write.  Right now, for instance, Ko-Tar is out on the hunt.  He does this every now and then to get away from the boredom of sitting here.
But he did once tell me he was hunting for my mate!
Even after I denied having one, he insisted I did.  I am terrified inside that he may find Jeanette!  How she has stayed hidden for so long is a miracle!  I just pray it lasts for another twenty four hours or so.  I am
Ko-Tar charged out of the woods and straight for the cage holding Kensington.  His face was horrific with anger.  Kensington had barely enough time to hide his journal, the one thing he had kept from the underground laboratory.  Ko-Tar rushed to the cage and growled, standing to his full height of seven and a half feet, and grabbing the wooded bars of his cage.
“What did you DO?!” he asked, his heavily muscled chest heaving.  Kensington was perplexed.
“I…I don’t know what you mean…” he stammered.
“My people!  They are dying!  Dropping like flies!!  What did you and your puny human friends do to us?!” he exploded, ripping the side of the cage with ease.  “They are all just falling and dying, though there seems to be nothing wrong with them!  And then they turn to dust within seconds!”  His face was as feral as could be.
“Oh…,” Kensington responded after a second.  “That.”  Ko-Tar’s eyes nearly bugged out of his head with Kensington’s answer.  But he waited.
“You see, Ko-Tar,” Kensington said, looking into the face of the monster he had helped create.  “We were told to make you and your kind invincible, pretty much.  But my employers – or jailers as it were – wanted a way to make it so that if you were captured or killed, your bodies would rapidly decompose, so the enemy couldn’t replicate our work.”  Ko-Tar was hanging on every word from the scientist.
“I and my wife decided to work on another project.  We engineered into your DNA a life expectancy cut off of roughly five years.  At that time, your life would end, and you would decompose.  It apparently worked.”   The scientist looked defiantly at the beast-man.  Ko-Tar’s mind was absorbing this information.  He was calculating his time.  He had one more year, if this was true.
Just then, Thog the ape-man walked over to Ko-Tar and whispered something into the Panteran’s ear.  Ko-Tar walked away from the clearing with Thog yelling “Watch him!” and pointing behind him.  “We are going to retrieve his mate!”  Kensington heard this and his heart sank.  They had found the hidden silo!  He was certain, especially since he overheard some of the AniMen talking about the steel door on the ground.
Then one of the more repugnant of the AniMen, a snake-like hybrid called a Herpeton, came to the cage and hovered where the new opening was.  It looked at the human before it with a hunger, but a hunger not for food.  Kensington had watched the Herpetons torture their victims and make them die very slowly before they would then swallow them whole.
“You will be exquisite to torture,” the creature said, its “S” being drawn out a little too long.  Ko-Tar has had two pieces of news given to him after your little announcement.”  
Kensington returned the vile creature his characteristic inscrutable look.  He said nothing.
“You’re not curious?” it asked.  Kensington couldn’t tell if this was a male or a female.  They had created only males in the laboratory, except for the Medusans like Lillith, and those were killed off by their own kind, because they were unpredictable and turned on anyone or anything for little or no reason at all.  One of the newer AniMen had been gifted with much more intellect than most, and had figured a way to get the X chromosome into the in-vitro eggs to generate females.  But they were sterile, as the males were.
The several new species that were made were nothing more than some of the older frozen eggs that Eric had stored and thought better of making, but never destroyed.  This one had learned how to use them, making the Herpetons, Arachnoids, spidery creatures that loved the dark, were crafty, and highly venomous, and the Chiropterans, or the Bat People.
The Herpeton slid around, its slitted pupils never blinking and never leaving the face of Kensington.
“The news,” it said, “Is they did, indeed find a pocket of humans.”  Kensington already knew that.  Then the creature said the next piece of news.
“It appears to be the LAST pocket of your inferior kind.  Anywhere!”  It moved in front of the scientist again.
“How can you be so certain,” the human asked.
“The Bat-Men have found many others no one else could.  The Spider-People found the rest.  Panterans can smell scents days old, and tracked them.  The Ape Men ripped open walls, stones, or whatever to get to them.  But when they failed, the Bat Men… them and their sonar.  I almost envy them for that.  The places we couldn’t get to, we destroyed so they could never escape.  So how do you feel knowing you will watch your mate die, and then you will be made to work to save us?” it hissed.  Kensington spat in its unblinking eye.  It reared back to strike, but a Mantoid lashed out swiftly and bit its head off.  It quickly decomposed.  The Mantoid said nothing, just looked at the man in the cage, letting him know he would not escape.  So Kensington wrote in his journal.
*~*~*
Two hours later, Ko-Tar, Thog, and a few others stormed back into the clearing.  Ko-Tar, still horribly angry, looked at Kensington.  His feline eyes held no mercy in them.  He just looked at Kensington, who looked back, though he wanted to look past the Panrteran to see if they had extricated his beloved.  He didn’t though, figuring she would have been brought in first for him to see.
“We have indeed located your mate,” he said.  “Your stink was all over that place, though very faint.  But we smelled hers also.  I know it was hers, because I smelled her all over your man parts.”  Kensington wanted to grab the monster’s throat and try to kill it, but the rational side of him held him back.  Ko-Tar went on.  “We should have her shortly.  The doors to the underground room opened up a little, then kept opening.  It’s like she was inviting us in.  Foolish bitch!”
Then the ground rumbled.  It started of mildly, but then grew, and grew.  The ground was visibly shaking, and the AniMen were looking around in panic.  Kensington smiled.  Ko-Tar was looking around in fear like the others and saw the man.
“What is that?  A bomb?” Ko-Tar demanded to know.  Kensington started to laugh as a rocket burst out of the silo and shot up for all to see.  Kensington laughed a great and hearty laugh.  Ko-Tar roared and grabbed him by his shirt, effortlessly lifting him out of his cage.  Kensington’s journal fell out of his shirt and into the dirt at Ko-Tar’s feet.  Kensinton was laughing freely, tears coming from his eyes.  Ko-Tar threw the scientist to the ground, picked up the book and started flipping through it.
“What is this?” he asked, reading it briefly.
“It’s your doom,” Kensington said, and laughed, knowingly.  The AniMan skimmed through the beginning and got to the last pages and roared his anger.  Kensington laughed and laughed as the rocket soared higher and higher.  His laughter rang through the woods until it was silenced forever by Ko-Tar, who had ripped his throat out with his teeth.  Ko-Tar roared in anger as he threw the book down and the last pages were still there to be read.
Kensington, the last living human on planet Earth, had penned his last entry.
*~*~*
Scratch that last thought.  They are trying to open the silo that holds my wife and the greatest of our works.  If they can hold off just a bit longer, the rocket bearing my beloved Jeanette, and the thirty embryos of the last, and best, of our kind will leave this world.  Including our son.  These humans, my special project from the beginning… are the masterpiece of humanity.  Their genomes are perfect!  No aberrations!  No chromosomal abnormalities!  They will be able to adapt to anything, and will heal faster than any of the monsters we have created here.  And my wife, my beautiful Jeanette, will be there for them.  To raise them.  To lead them back here.  No matter how long it takes.  For my one and only regret is this… I have given her the serum that allows her to heal perfectly, instantly, and regenerates her cells, so she would be able to survive and raise our perfect progeny.  I have given my wife immortality and hope she may one day figure a way to join me in the afterlife before she goes mad.  For immortality wasn’t made for us.  Not in this life.
  Thus I close my journal.
Kensington Alton Holloway, III.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Earth’s Final Cry
Chapter One
*~*~*
Tuesday morning, March 9, Leona Ross, a leading reporter for CNN, woke up to the sound of her cellphone ringing.  It’s still dark outside her window, although dawn was breaking. She had managed to get to bed only a few hours earlier. Tiredly, she grabbed the phone and paused a moment before answering the call.
“Ross.” She announced in a soft cracking voice.
She listened to the voice of her chief and editor coming through the phone.
“Sure boss. How many has it been already and the week hadn’t even started yet, what’s mankind coming to?” She paused. “Sure, I’ll be there soon, is the camera crew on the way?” she asked, paused and ended the call.
Leona grabbed a notepad from her nightstand and scribbled an address. She ran to the bathroom and washed before changing into something fresh but stylish. On her way out the door she grabbed the paper from the notepad and her car keys.
Arriving at the address on the paper, she noticed a hive of activity. The house off to the right was surrounded by uniformed police officers and a SWAT team was preparing to infiltrate the small residential house. The street was blocked off to the public with police barricades. Leona spotted her camera crew and rushed over but was stopped abruptly by a police officer.
“Really, my crew’s already here, come on let me through.” She insisted.
“Where’s your ID?” He barked.
“Shoot, I left it in the car.” She informed and hurried back to get it.
Moments later she returned with it and was let through.
“What’s the value of life?” she asked as she reached the cameraman who was unpacking equipment.
“What?” he asked puzzled.
“What is the value of a human life?”
“I’m afraid you’re going to tell me.” He remarked softly rolling his eyes.
“The amount of thought you’re willing to put into someone.”
“That’s a pretty bleak outlook.” He remarked.
“How many murders have we seen this month? We’ve been covering more murders, senseless murders, than anything else. All of them were so violent and unnecessary, that’s what makes it so sad. Did you hear anything yet?” 
She straightened her skirt and readied her microphone for the introduction, when the lead detective walked closer.
 “Ready?” she asked moving to intercept the detective.
“Detective could you please tell us what happened?” She started after her introduction and pushed the microphone into the detective’s way.
“We responded to a call of domestic disturbance and found the mother and her three children held at gun point by the father. He’s not talking to us except demanding to be left alone. SWAT’s planning to breach the home to save the mother and children. At this moment we’re still standing down waiting for the negotiator.”
“Do you know the cause of the incident?” she asked.
“It would appear that the husband came home drunk and assaulted the mother before turning on the children. We don’t have anything more at this moment.” He said and stomped off.
By mid-day the negotiator had failed to calm the man in the house enough to free the mother and children. The only response he got was verses from revelation screamed back at him through a covered window. Children screams and cries echoed continuously as the violence accelerated from within.
A sudden and deathly silence draped the house moments before gunshots rang through the neighborhood. The SWAT team burst into the house with guns at the ready, flash grenades and teargas blasted through windows and doors burst out of their frames. Chaos erupted as commands were shouted and more gunshots followed. 
Then silence.
Detectives and uniformed police stormed the house only to emerge moments later with the look of death on their faces, yet another senseless killing. The man had shot the mother and children before SWAT could get to him. In a panic he tried to shoot his way out of the house but was stopped by force. 
By half past twelve the last bodies were carried out of the house. 
The mother, father and two children were declared dead at the scene. The youngest child was rushed to hospital in a critical but stable condition.
*~*~*
Michael Wilson rose from his desk slowly, his legs felt weak as the weight of the world rested on his shoulders.
Papers were scattered wildly across the desk and it was in disarray. Three large computer monitors were set on the desk. The first displayed images captured by the Gemini telescope in front of him, revealing an image of an asteroid in deep space, which held his gaze. The screen to the left held images and lines of orbit and trajectory, little numbers flickered continuously. On the last screen a larger image of our solar system were displayed.
Michael’s agitated and nervous. He glanced across the room where five other astronomers were hard at work.
He grew impatient.
The room’s large with the Gemini telescope in the center of the dome shape building. Around the telescope were a number of desks holding computer and work stations for five other astronomers. Behind them, against the walls were filing cabinets, a mainframe computer with blinking lights and jumping lines. At the far end of the wall a printer stood, currently overworked. Against the wall was an oversized clock and a flat screen monitor, revealing images from the telescope. No pot plants or any wall décor, other than images from space were displayed. Large florescent lights admitted ample light as the astronomers hammered at their keyboards. The dome didn’t allow for windows, therefor no distraction from outside were noticed, if there were any from a mountain view.
The roofs of the dome were opened through which the telescoped peered into the night sky, letting in a fresh breeze. Should it rain, the interior of the room would be shielded by wind-vents that opens and closes on demand without hindering the view of the telescope.
The over-sized clock on the wall indicated the time at a quarter past one, the morning of Wednesday, March 10, 2019. The sun hadn’t risen yet but it would soon, bringing with it a bright light that would dampen the sight of the telescope.
Time was running out.
There was simply too much to do and too little time to do it in.
There’s a tension in the room so thick that it could choke someone to death. A hum echoed constantly and the printer bleeped at regular intervals as page after page were printed.
From eighteen-twenty-nine the night before, the team had been adding, calculating and estimating velocity, direction, distance and speed of the large asteroid. There’s no time for breaks and with every minute that past too fast they became paler than the paper they printed on.
“People I need velocity, I need size, I need components and while you’re at it I need confirmation. Hurry, hurry time’s not standing still. I needed it yesterday. Come people you all know what’s at stake!” Michael shouted and sank into his chair almost out of breath.
Michael Wilson was a strong tall man, firm and well dressed. He had a bold spot on the top of his head, yet he was in his forties. He kept a small mustache and his dark brown hair remained short and well kept. He was handsome but no photos of a family life decorated his desk. He loved astronomy and even more so he loved Hawaii. It wasn’t a surprise that he jumped at the opportunity to run the Gemini observatory at Mauna Kea.
Today everything he knew would be implemented, his emotions would be stretched to breaking point and his faith tested more than anything. Dressed in a jean and t-shirt he had very little time to dress when he received the call just over seven hours ago. His world had since been ripped out from under him and shredded again and again.
“This is what we have so far. We’re getting conformation from Chile and Brazil. We’re going online with Hubble in about an hour, than we can get more angles, it’s still in orbit.” Nick the Canadian astronomer announced, dumping a large pile of freshly printed pages on an already overcrowded desk.
He’s paler than usual; the rapid passing hours had clearly taken its toll on him. He’s rattled; sweat poured from his pores and his shirt’s stained at places. His tie had been pulled loose, hanging to one side and his shirt half tucked in. The first button’s loosened to help him think. Usually you’d never catch this observatory in such disarray, but time’s pushing and more important matters forced everyone to overlook the disorder.
He turned swiftly and returned to his own desk pounding at his keyboard again.
Michael grabbed the stack of papers and studied them closely. The clock silently ticked away the last hours.
The clock announced two o’clock, when the image on the large flat screen reflected the images from the Hubble space telescope.
Michael looked up from the papers for the first time. He glanced at the clock nervously before turning his attention to the images.
“Re-check everything with Hubble; I pray to God it sees something we don’t. I still need density and composition.” He barked almost too weak to stand.
“We received confirmation from the remaining observatories.” Nick announced. “Composition is the usual suspects plus an unknown, nickel, iron and rock.”
“What do you mean unknown?” Michael asked shocked.
“It’s not a sulfide liquid nor is it gas. It’s something hard and dense and about ninety percent of composition.” He reported.
“I can’t go to Washington with an unknown, work on it.” Michael ordered with tension starting to show, his voice trembled slightly.
“Yes sir, the other observatories confirmed our calculations to be correct, we’re cross referencing it with Hubble now.”
“Thanks.” Michael replied in a whisper.
Nick paused. “Sir don’t you think it’s time?” he asked softly.
“Let’s see what Hubble sees.” Michael said with eyes fixed on the Hubble images.
As the simulation from Hubble’s images played on the large screen the men in the room became quiet.
The room held a silence that only the dead could maintain.
Michael felt weak, his hands trembled, sweat popped out on his face and his legs felt robbed of its bones and muscles. He sat down slowly, his eyes glued in disbelieve, and his mouth dry and his voice vanished. He felt dizzy. 
“It’s time.” He managed in a whisper as the simulation ended.
No-one heard him.
For a moment he sat too weak to talk. He gathered his strength and thoughts. 
“It’s time. Get the plane on the runway, wake the president and interrupt whatever meeting you have to. I’m leaving for Washington DC.”
He started collecting all the data and stuffed it into his briefcase. The rest he bundled together and piled it on top of his laptop. Slowly he stood up fearing he might fall down as his legs felt too weak to hold his weight. 
“Send the simulation to my email; I’ll go through it again on the plane.” He said in a stronger voice.
The astronomers looked at him wide-eyed and confused. 
“What do we do now?”
“Go home; be with your loved ones. We’ve done all we could here.”
“God speed to you Sir,” Nick said extending his hand.
Michael took his hand still trembling. 
“God speed to all of us. It’s been an honor to work with all of you.” He said shaking hands in turn as he moved towards the door.
By the time he reached Honolulu airport it was ten minutes past three in the morning and a ten hour flight laid ahead. His mind felt like it had been through a blender. He’s speechless as he boarded the private jet and was pleased to find the pilot already onboard.
“Morning sir, we’re going to Washington DC. I have already filed the flight plan. We’re ready to leave whenever you’re ready.” He said with a warm smile.
“I’m ready. The sooner we leave the sooner we’ll get there. It’s imperative that we get there as soon as possible.” Michael insisted.
“Excuse me for saying Sir. This isn’t a commercial airplane; I can get you there in seven and a half hours. Would that help?”
“Tremendously, thank you.”
“Let’s not waste time.” He said and returned to the cockpit.
The flight attendant served him fresh hot coffee, the first in nine hours. She’s attractive and smiled like she had no care in the world. Michael felt nauseous, his stomach were in knots. He’s still pale and trembling yet he tries to remain calm. He took the coffee with a forced smile and sat in the closest seat, his legs too weak to carry him any further. He drank the coffee slowly before reviewing the data from his open briefcase on his lap.
Undisturbed he reviewed the data collected throughout the night.
The first rays of the sun fell through the small window next to him and warmed his hand. Slowly he looked up. His hands were trembling again and tears started to form in the corners of his eyes. He was not crying for the world nor was he saddened by the information spread out in front of him, he was tired and his eyes took strain even in the light from the cabin.
He looked out the window, it’s beautiful. The white fluffy clouds were few and far apart. Far below the world had started to go about their business as usual. The sun’s warm rays soaked into his skin and slowly started to stop the tremors in his hands. It warmed his arm and face, filling him with a feeling of peace and calmness. For a moment everything was perfect, for just a brief moment, and then the moment ended.
*~*~*
Chapter Two
*~*~*
Michael was still mesmerized by the warm and comforting rays of the sun when the flight attendant tapped him on the shoulder.
 “Sorry to bother you sir, here’s a call for you.” She announced and left him with privacy.
Michael took a deep breath before answering.
“This is General Frank Davis, Secretary of Defense. Am I speaking to Michael Wilson?” a strong voice echoed through the cordless handset.
“That’s correct General.” Michael replied in a whisper.
“It sounds like you’ve had a long night. I’m redirecting your flight to NASA. Don’t talk to anyone. I’ll meet you at the airport personally.” Davis informed.
“Yes sir.” Michael responded as the phone dropped into silence on the other end.
With the flight time cut by two hours, he glanced at his watch. It was almost six in the morning. He laid his head back and closed his burning eyes. The sun danced on his face through the small window. Slowly his mind became still and the soft humming of the jet engines cast a spell on him.
Peacefully Michael slept.
*~*~*
Leona Ross were sitting at her desk at the CNN offices, writing yet another report about the crime that was spiraling out of control. She was deep in thought when her chief and editor stopped at her desk. He lightly tapped her on the shoulder and asked her to follow. 
Without question she followed.
Entering his office she noticed two men dressed in dark suits, sitting in front of the desk, they were stern and seemed serious, too serious. They hardly greeted and stood up as she entered.
“This is our leading reporter, Leona Ross.” The chief informed.
“That will do.” One of the men said and turned to Leona.
 “We need you to come with us, bring a camera crew with you.” He insisted and headed for the door.
“What? I’m not done with my report. You can’t just walk in here and demand me to come with you. Who do you think you are?” She started stepping closer to them angrily.
“That’s a need to know, and you don’t need to know yet.” He said coldly.
“You guys are from the government. What’s the scoop?” She asked raising her eyebrows, now excitement filled her every being.
“We need to leave now.” The serious man insisted.
“Really, that big hay, so are you going to tell me?” She asked but followed quietly after a strong stare from both men.
*~*~*
A sudden jolt jerked Michael Wilson from his slumber as the plane shook violently. Confused and disoriented he grabbed for the arm rests of his seat. He never liked flying. His eyes were widened with fear and red from the tiredness still left behind. A few more jolts and jerks sent fear ravishing his body. He held his breath, his mouth felt dry and a lump lodged in his throat. His heart pounded so hard that his head spun from everything that had happened in the last twelve hours. Now the end had come too soon. He had to warn the world, but fate will not let him.
The intercom cracked to life.
“We are approaching George Bush International and will be landing shortly. Please secure any loose items and fasten your seatbelt, sir. I apologize for the sudden turbulence.” The pilot announced.
At eight-forty the private jet stopped at the hanger at the far side of the airport. As Michael disembarked the plane he’s met by a pilot dressed in military uniform and dark glasses. He’s assisted with carrying the briefcase and laptop to a waiting helicopter to the side of the hanger. The pilot opened the back passenger door and waited for Michael to enter before closing and securing it from outside.
“I realized how time restrained we are so I thought a helicopter would get us there faster. I’m General Frank Davis.” He extended his hand in greeting.
“Thank you General.” Michael replied and shook his hand, his were still trembling.
General Davis was a big man dressed in military uniform that boasted a number of medals above his left pocket, clean shaven with short blond hair that had traces of gray and he radiated military discipline. Michael felt extremely underdressed in the general’s presence. 
The general continued. “We’ve received your data and the images from Hubble. Let’s get to NASA quickly, there’s a lot to discuss.” He informed as the helicopter lifted off slowly.
Michael and the general chatted about anything from the weather to families and vacations. Not a second were dedicated to the current situation. General Davis appeared very stern and strict just because he had to be, but once he started talking he seemed like the general public. A well lived man that would try anything once. He spoke well and didn’t fit the roll of Secretary of Defense. He was a normal person with normal ideals and dreams. As the helicopter landed on the helipad at NASA he turned to Michael.
“If you repeat anything I said I will have to kill you, after all I have a reputation to uphold.” He smiled slapping Michael on the shoulder.
He stepped off the helipad and his body language changed. He was Secretary of Defense once more, he was disciplined and stern, a no nonsense guy. He walked ahead of Michael, head up and chest pushed out. Now and then he would salute passing officers.
Michael followed quietly.
Inside the main building Michael followed closely. The building was a buzz. People scattered everywhere, carrying papers and files. At the end of the passage National security officers guarded a large door. To the left a large glass pane revealed people most likely astronomers and scientists scrambling around and working tirelessly on computers and simulators. They were just as pale as the men at his observatory.
Two well-dressed ladies met them at the door, greeted briefly and pinned a clearance tag on Michael’s shirt, before disappearing into the room beyond.
General Davis and Michael followed.
Entering the room Michael felt intimidated. A large oval table stood in the center of the room. Guards remained motionless near the walls of the room ready to pounce should any reason call for it. Around the table sat six people all dressed in well pressed military and private suits. Michael felt extremely out of place. At the far side of the table a large office chair were swung away from the table facing the four large screens mounted on the wall. On the screens were a number of images of the asteroid, as with Michael’s screens it also had information displayed but more technical. To the untrained eye there was simply too much information to understand.
A deathly silence ruled in the room until everyone was seated. The chair at the far side turned around slowly revealing the President Kevin Thomas. His facial expressions were as still as a painting. He was still in deep thought. He interlocked his fingers and placed them in front of him on a stack of papers.
“Well this is quite a dilemma we find ourselves in.” President Thomas said eventually.
“There’s not much time to divert it. Any plan we manage to come up with regarding the asteroid needs to be executed within the next two hours.” Davis assured pointing at the clock on the wall indicating the time at nine-fifteen in the morning. Below the clock were a large digital clock counting down in large red numbers, the time remaining was indicated to be just over twenty-four hours.
“We can’t come up with anything concrete in this time frame. Nothing would work effectively enough.” Anna King, Director of NASA informed.
A scientist entered the room with arms filled with papers and printouts.  He seemed exhausted and dropped the papers on the nearest clear space on the large table. He sat in the empty chair with bewildered eyes and out of breath. 
“There’s absolutely nothing that can be done. We have gone through thousands of scenarios and plans. Nothing proved to be effective.” He informed. 
“We can throw every nuke on earth at it, wouldn’t that work.” Davis Suggested eager to set off a power explosion.
“No, they simply wouldn’t reach the asteroid in time. Even if they do, the unknown component would simply deflect the missiles and keep coming; besides the current position of the asteroid is directly behind the moon. The missiles would hit the moon first.” He corrected.
“Could we divert the moon off its orbit with missiles instead?” Davis asked.
“The asteroid is more than four miles in diameter against the moon which is more than one-thousand-three-hundred and forty-four miles in diameter. You want to hit the moon with everything we got?” he asked shocked.
“Yes, would it work?” Davis asked and paused. “The moon’s far closer and the missiles would reach it in plenty of time, wouldn’t it?” 
“What would be the effects of life on the planet without a moon?” Thomas asked.
“Well I don’t know if it would work, I doubt it, seeing that the moon bombarded by asteroids all the time. We’d need to calculate the number of missiles, its effectiveness and strength. Then every missile must hit at precisely the same time. If we can create an explosion that equals seventy million megatons of TNT, at the least, we might move it away far enough to miss earth and our gravity. When the asteroid hits both would be deflected almost like balls on a pool table, hopefully with enough space that both miss our gravity.” He predicted. “Then again I don’t know how the missiles would react in space. Some might not even reach the exosphere. Some might be blown off course by solar winds. It’s difficult to predict, I just can’t say with certainty.”
“What would the world be like without a moon?” Thomas asked again.
“Well our tides would fall to about forty percent of what it is now for starters. We’ll never see an eclipse of any kind. Nights would be much darker than what we know it and our days would be shorter around six to eight hours. A year would consist of about one-thousand-four-hundred days.” Michael explained.
“The world could adapt to that.” Harold Clark, the Prime Minister assured.
“That’s not the worst.” Michael started. 
“As the moon orbits the earth it keeps the earth’s axel at a twenty-three to twenty-six degree angle. Should we lose that, the earth would tilt erratically. Some places on earth would have no seasons and others would have the most extreme seasons imaginable.”
“But we can survive? If there’s even the smallest possibility then we should do it regardless if we waste a few missiles.” Clark asked.
“It’s better than the alternative I guess.” Michael admitted.
“How many missiles would we need?” Davis asked.
“About fifty times more than we have in this country.” The scientist assured.
“I doubt that there’s that much on the planet. We must meet with all the world leaders and calculate the planets stockpiles.” Clark started.
“We don’t have the time for that. In order for this to work, missiles would have to be detonated at intervals so they hit at exactly the same time. Any miscalculations would prove fruitless. That is if there are enough missiles on the planet, which I seriously doubt. I don’t even think we’d reach half the amount we need. This wouldn’t work.” The scientist responded.
“That’s what you think, bring me the calculations and we’ll make it work.” Davis assured
“We have one other option.” The scientist said his voice weak and soft.
“What’s that?” Clark asked.
“Prepare the world for bad news.” He said coldly.
“What about sending people into space?” Anna suggested.
“To do what, I mean once you’ve got them in space, what then? They won’t even clear the shockwave in time. They’ll be vaporized.” Clark commented.
“We should have Edward Bishop here right now. He’d know how to handle this.” Anna suggested.
“Edward, really, he’s nothing more than a crazy mad scientist.” Davis defended.
“He was right about everything.” Anna continued.
“He can’t help us now.” Davis added.
“Who’s Edward Bishop?” Thomas asked.
“A brilliant scientist that lost his mind, let’s just leave it at that.” Davis insisted.
“We’ve been through this already, we’re just grasping at straws. It’s time to inform the nation actually the world.” Thomas informed and turned to the scientist. “Start working on the simulation it might just be our last and only chance.”
“This would course worldwide panic, mass religious hysteria and a breakdown in all social societies around the world, not to mention economies. Is this really how this should end? What if we’re wrong?” Clark protested.
“My apologies sir, we’ve checked the data with seven other observatories and they have all confirmed our calculations to be correct. There’s no margin for errors.” Michael corrected.
“What about the unknown. Could it lessen the impact or brake up?” Thomas asked hopefully.
“It appears too dense. The only reason it’s unknown is because it’s never been discovered on our planet. But I assure you sir, this unknown is too hard and dense and the main reason for the concern. The outcome is inevitable.” Michael assured.
“Then we have no other choice, we need to go public.” Thomas stood up.
“Are we sure we’d take responsibility for the effects of it?” Clark asked.
“Even if we can do nothing to save mankind, don’t you think it’s up to the public to decide how they meet that end? If you know you’re going to die don’t you want the opportunity to save your soul at the very least?” Thomas insisted.
“I still think we need to wait. Better yet we should say nothing, let people go about their lives as normal till the end.” Clark argued.
“You’re a cold man, definitely cold and disturbed. What exactly will that accomplish?” Thomas asked and paused before he turned his attention the Michael. “Walk with me there’s a few points I would like you to clear up for me.” He headed for the door and stopped, “General Davis would you please join us?” He added and walked away.
The men got up silently and followed. A few national security officers also followed.
“Boys I don’t think it’s necessary for this anymore. Go home be with your families.” Thomas instructed and paused.
“Sir, I have nowhere better to be. I speak for myself and would like to stay till the very end.” One of the men said, and followed through the door.
Moments later three more followed.
*~*~*
Chapter Three
*~*~*
Leona Ross, her cameraman and three government agents disembarked a plane at George Bush International. They were escorted to two awaiting black SUV’s with tinted windows. Out of the corner of her eye Leona spotted something a distance away. She neared her cameraman but was blocked by the agents. She was swiftly bundled into the first SUV, whilst her cameraman and equipment was in the second.
The agents were yet to say something, anything. Although her many attempts had fallen on deaf ears. She was convinced more than ever that something of extreme importance was going on. Why would Air Force One be in Houston? Whatever it was the president were also attending. In the vehicle she watched as people went about their business like any other day. Nothing seemed wrong at the least degree. Rapidly the vehicle past other traffic, they were getting to their destination in a hurry.
“Can I please use my phone? It’s my mother’s birthday and you didn’t even give me a chance to call her this morning. She’s very ill, you know.” She tried to no avail to contact her editor.
She noticed the deaf and mute agents were giving her no attention and thought again. “She will never forgive me, you have no heart.” She added quickly, folding her arms across her chest like a spoiled child sulking.
From the moment she was, as she now believed, abducted from her office, she had been ignored and forced to go where they wanted her to go. Thank God they didn’t pay her much attention for she was no happy camper. They refused her any contact with anyone, even her cameraman. Their cellphones, recorders, tablets and any electronics had been confiscated before they had even left their office. They had been escorted everywhere, even to the restroom, where she hoped to find someone with a phone to borrow.
Now speeding through lite traffic she had nothing more to do then sitting back and see where the white rabbit ended up.
Minutes later they pulled up to a large gate at the NASA space institute. They were escorted to a tent where more reporters and camera crews were waiting. No-one knew what was going on and everyone had their own theories and ideas. None of them had any electronics. Some were excited, they were handpicked to uncover something major whilst others felt they’d been taken and kept against their will, now they were denied the chance to leave.
Leona and her cameraman relaxed and snacked on cocktails whilst they waited.
*~*~*
President Thomas, General Davis and Michael stood in the passage outside the large doors talking. 
Thomas turned to Davis. “Are our soldiers coming home?” he asked.
“All soldiers local had been sent home and everyone abroad had been recalled. I don’t know if most of them would make it home in time should we fail.” Davis said, sadness echoed in his voice. 
Thomas fell silent as he realized that the brave men and woman who fought for their country were now destined to die on foreign soil, alone and deserted even by the country they vowed to serve. They will never be with their loved once again. 
He turned to Davis. “Get on the phone and start working on the world leaders. If they don’t want to listen to you, tell them to turn on their TV’s in the next ten minutes. The last missiles must be launched by eight-o-nine this evening, no later. Fire whatever you get and pray it’s enough.” He said tears building up in the corners of his eyes.
“I’ll ask the scientists to work out a schedule of detonation.” Davis said and walked away briskly.
Thomas and Michael continued their conversation.	
The large doors to the main building opened as military personnel entered with members of the media and their camera crews. They entered orderly and as quiet as possible. One of the reporters noticed the president and broke away from the rest. He hurried towards them but was swiftly stopped by military personnel before he could advance.  He’s directed to the room where the others had already entered.
After a short moment the officer exited the room and walked towards the president. “We’re ready for you sir.” He announced and walked back to the room.
“Well it’s now or never. I’ve done some pretty hard things but this takes the cake.” Thomas said nervously. “How do you feel?” he asked quickly.
“Like throwing up, I don’t know how you manage it to say the truth sir.” Michael admitted.
“Don’t worry. I get like this often. As long as you don’t freeze you’ll be fine.” He encouraged and walked towards the door.
Michael gasped at the first deep breath he could find to calm his nerves and followed.
The room was small; lines of chairs were placed in front of a podium with ample space for cameras with life feeds to their network. Reporters occupied half of the seats and glared at them as they entered. Some of them felt they had been summoned and had been held against their will. Others had been shifting in their seats, notebooks and microphones at the ready. They seemed eager to hear about the next major space mission or the next best find. Whatever the reason they’d been given, they all awaited their stories for their next issues. A soft hum came to hear as the men walked down a small isle to the podium.
Silence swept over the reporters.
Thomas walked up to the podium whist Michael sat in the front row, next to a gum chewing overly excited reporter. The first thought that flashed through his mind was that this was probably his first assignment.
Michael started to relax.
Thomas started talking. “Good morning, I’m sorry you had to be forced to be here today but soon you’ll find out way the secrecy. We couldn’t allow for any of what I’m about to tell you to get out before now. Once I’ve informed you, I’ll open the floor to questions. Please wait for that or you’ll be removed.” He started and signaled to the camera crews to start their life feeds.
On the TV sets in the rear of the room images played of broadcast across all channels being interrupted. A short introduction followed by reporters in front of their cameras and once the attention fell on the president he continued.
“Good morning my fellow citizens, I’m standing in front of you today with a heavy heart. As of last night at eighteen-twenty-nine Eastern Standard Time we witnessed a deep space collision between two very large asteroids. These asteroids were distant to pass earth by millions of miles. After the collision, one of the asteroids had shifted its trajectory and is now on a collision course with our moon. It will impact at two-twenty-nine tomorrow morning. After impact it will shift the moon off its orbit and continue into space. Once the moon moves off its orbit it will be pulled by earth’s gravity and hit earth somewhere in the Pacific Ocean, tomorrow morning at nine-fifty-two. The impact will destroy both the moon and our planet.”  Thomas paused lifting his hand indicated that reporters may now ask questions.
A tall reporter in the back jumped up before anyone could process what were said.
“Brat Chanel Six News, why was this asteroid not noticed earlier? He asked.
“Space is too big to watch twenty-four seven. We can only view about fourteen percent at any time. The collision was obscured by Mars so it went almost unnoticed if not for the astronomers at the Gemini observatory in Mauna Kea, Hawaii.”
“What’s the size of the asteroid?” He asked quickly.
“It’s about four point three miles in diameter.”
Silence fell in the room for a moment.
Another reporter stood up slowly.
“Christen KGJTV. Is the government planning on diverting the asteroid?”
“Due to the time factor we can’t divert the asteroid itself. We are working on plans and the possibility of diverting the moon. It is a large task but if we can, we might be able to push the moon far enough to miss earth and our gravity.” Thomas explained and watched as the reporters fell quiet again.
“What’s the asteroid made of, isn’t there a chance it would just break up when it hits the moon?” Christen asked.
“It consists of about Nine billion tons of mass. It has about a hundred and eighty million tons of iron, hundred and twenty million tons of nickel and about a hundred million tons of rock. Our main concern is a substance that makes up about ninety percent of its mass. It’s a hard dense substance that we haven’t identified yet.” He admits.
“Why hasn’t it been identified yet?” Christen asked.
“The mass isn’t found on earth so we can’t identify it. Can we please hear from another reporter?” Thomas said pointing to one of four reporters jumping up.
“Leona, CNN. What would happen when we don’t have a moon?”
“To answer this and the rest of your questions I am handing the podium over to Astronomer Michael Wilson. Please forgive me; I need to attend to a pressing matter.” He turned his attention to the camera. “I would also use this opportunity to ask for calm, there is a large possibility that we can stop this Armageddon from happening, so it’s imperative that you spend your time praying rather than resorting to panic and violence. We promise to keep you updated at all times so you can follow our progress. With God’s grace the sun will rise more than once.” Thomas said and readied to leave.
“Sir just one more question for you I understand you have things to do, but what about our men and woman fighting abroad?” Leona asked.
“They have been recalled with urgency, but I’m afraid, should we fail, most of them won’t make it back on home soil in time. Please if you don’t mind continue your questions to Michael.” Thomas greeted and left the room.
Michael stood closer nervously. “Greetings to everyone, thank you for being here, now to answer your first question.” He started.
As he explained cameras caught his image. Microphones and tape recorders recorded his every word whilst reporters wrote on notepads as fast as he spoke.
Thomas left the room and joined Davis as he desperately tried to convince world leaders to take him seriously. A Skype conference call had been set up in the meeting room at the end of the passage. Scientists had worked out and tried to explain the time schedule for detonation.
Six leaders had disconnected by the time Thomas entered. Eight leaders had surrendered all their nuclear missiles, bringing the amount of available missiles to just over half. Other leaders remained tied up in discussions, fearing a plot of invasion from the United States. Surrendering their missiles meant they were defenseless.
Thomas turned to Davis. “Leave these leaders to me. I’ll deal with the once that refused to assist.” He said.
“You know I didn’t want to mention it earlier, but we do have surplus missiles that are currently being moved from a bunker to a launch site. I feel we should keep some of them in the bunker regardless of the amount of missiles we managed to raise.” Davis admitted after pulling Thomas aside.
“Why didn’t you mention it earlier?” Thomas asked shocked.
“What if these leaders kept missiles as we do? After things calms down and life becomes too unbearable, they might use their remaining missiles to steel land. We do need to keep some defense.” He explained.
“Your right, let me see what I can get out of them, then we fill in the necessary.” Thomas said and left the room; he entered Anna King’s office alone and closed the door.
At six-eighteen Thomas emerged from the office and summoned Leona Ross and her cameraman to the media room for an update report. All the other reporters had been sent back to their offices with their reports and images.
“My fellow citizens,” Thomas started. “As of this moment we have gathered ninety-six percent of the missiles needed to divert the moon. You will be able to see missiles launched all over the world. Please stay calm; no-one is being attacked. Please remain in your homes. We do expect a shockwave that could possibly damage buildings after the missiles hit the moon. Stay away from especially windows. We do not expect major damages as this shockwave will lose strength as it travels through our atmosphere.” He concluded and returned to the meeting room at the end of the passage with Leona and her cameraman in toe.
*~*~*
Chapter Four
*~*~*
Just past ten in the morning, loud banging issued from the door of the mansion at the Bishop estate in Ohio. To no avail the banging, which got increasingly louder, fell on deaf ears.
“He’s not here, what do we do now?” Ian asked disappointed.
“He’s here, I know it. He never goes anywhere.” George protested scanning around the area. “He might not be in the house, so let’s look in the back.”
“How can you be so sure, we’re wasting time?” Jessica complained.
“We can afford to waste some time. He’s here. All those trucks didn’t come here for nothing.” George insisted heading to the side of the mansion whilst Ian tested the front door.
“It’s locked.” He announced disappointed.
“Of course it is what were you thinking? Are you coming?” George invited.
“What makes you think he’s even going to listen to us?” Jessica asked following with a sigh.
“He will.” George assured.
“So you know him so well, where’s he?” Ian asked.
“Most probably behind the house I think that’s where he always is. The more you stand here and argue the more time’s wasted.” George scolded and paused. “You better bring them with.” He added.
Patsy turned around swiftly and walked briskly to where they parked. Moments later she returned.
“It’s this way.” George informed and walked ahead of the group.
Silently they followed to a large structure behind the mansion.
“Wait here; let me talk to him first.” George instructed and neared the structure.
The structure was very large, larger than a commercial aircraft-hanger. Crates and boxes were stacked outside, covered with waterproof canvas and shade cloth. The large doors were opened enough to allow for trucks to enter. To the left of the hanger, large trucks were still offloading crates. Others pumped fuel into large holding tanks just outside the structure. The structure weren’t painted; its only purpose was to serve as a holding space for something extremely big.
Edward Bishop appeared from behind the trucks and noticed George. He walked over hastily. “What do you want? This is private property. I want you to leave now.” He barked angrily.
“I need to talk to you.” George started not adhering to the warning.
“I’m busy, don’t have time. You’re bothering me.” Edward insisted.
“You don’t have time for an old friend?”
“Friend, you call yourself a friend?” Edward shouted angrily. “Get off my land!”
“We were once until you changed.” George defended. “I’m sorry about your mother. I tried to be there for you but you shut me out.” 
Edward paused.
“I still care deeply about you. I stood up for you when no-one would. I defended you and after all that, you wouldn’t hear me out.” George stepped closer to Edward.
Edward remained silent for a moment before turning his full attention to George Farrell, his longtime friend who had at some time shared the same dream and believe.
George was a tall man, dressed in a golf shirt and knee pants. He wasn’t very concerned with the latest fashion although he dressed presentable. His face was clean shaven, his eyes green and short brown hair.
After an uncomfortable silence George spoke. “Did you watch TV recently?”
“So that’s why you’re here.” Edward said and turned to the structure.
“We need your help.” George started.
“We…?” Edward paused.
“It doesn’t matter; I know that you’ve been building it. I’ve seen the trucks regularly for the last seven years.
“You and who…?” Edward insisted.
“Patsy, Ian, Jessica and the children.” George admitted softly.
“Ian, really... After all he’s done?” Edward said and turned back to George. “Go home, there’s nothing I can do for you.”
“He’s not the same, not for a long time now. You can’t do this alone.” George said.
“Let me tell you something. For years I’ve been laughed at, ridiculed and labeled as the mad scientist. The only person who believed in me was mom. After she passed I had no-one, nothing except this. I told you, I told everyone, but I was the freak. Now that it’s actually happened you come and knock on my door. Why should I listen?” Edward asked coldly.
“I believed you. I’m sorry I didn’t try hard enough, but how hard must I try when you shut me out. You know you can’t do this alone. We need to help each other.” George insisted.
Edward fell silent. He glanced back at the structure before turning back to George. “You’re right, where are they?”
“I’ll get them.” George said and hurried to the side of the house.
“What do you need us to do?” Ian asked as he approached Edward.
“We need to get all this in there.” Edward ordered and walked to the trucks ready to leave.
“Does he think the missiles will work?” Ian asked as Edward was out of hearing range.
“I didn’t ask him, but clearly he doesn’t. Let’s get to work. The children can carry the small boxes.” He instructed and turned to the children. “Please don’t drop anything. If it’s too heavy, leave it we’ll take it. Please don’t bother the uncle with questions.” George warned.
Edward returned as the trucks left. “That should do it.” He said grabbing a box nearby.
“Where do you want it?” George asked as he entered the structure for the first time. 
“In here.” Edward said and ascended a large ramp.
For a moment the group stood speechless and amazed at the sight of a large object that appeared to be a space ship. The ramp led to a large holding area or storage hold. Large engines were attached to a small wingspan. Large thrusters and fuel tanks were added to break through the gravity. Judging by the size of the cargo hold there’s a lot more ship to explore.
“Are we going in that, mommy?” Rosaline, an eight-year-old girl asked.
“Yes it looks like it.” Patsy assured.
“Cool!” Quinton a ten-year-old boy remarked following close by.
Edward dropped the box in the cargo hold and connected pipes from the holding tanks outside the structure to the fuel tanks.
“I can’t believe you’ve finished it.” George remarked amazed.
“I finished her about nine months ago. I did the final tweaks and she’s ready to lift off. I don’t know whether I should be glad that she won’t have time to rust up in this shed before she takes flight, or blessed that she’s ready in time. Seven and a halve billion people will perish before they had finished their breakfast tomorrow morning. And only we will survive. All we need is to get the supplies loaded.” Edward said with no emotion in his voice.
Clearly his not sure how he’s supposed to feel, all he knew was that he had a chance to live and now he can save six more people. His expressions turned to sadness as he thought. For a moment he was silent and his body frozen by indecision. Eventually he turned to Ian. 
 “Are you sure you can do this under my command, If you don’t, this will not work and I’ll leave you somewhere in space.” Edward warned coldly, clearly he didn’t trust Ian.
“I promise, not one argument from me. Order away captain... You know everything about this; I’m just a helping hand. No matter how hard I’m sure it’ll be.” He said and hurried for more supplies.
“We need to load everything before five. We need to move.” Edward said and returned outside after turning the pumps to full. The fuel will pump quickly.
*~*~*
Night fell quietly over the United States. Against the wishes of the president, people had gathered on roof tops for what was considered to be the largest fireworks display in history. People had gathered in large numbers with drinks in hand, joyfully chatted around barbeque fires, whilst waiting in anticipation for a once in a lifetime show.
Al through the country violence and crime had accelerated as people grabbed the opportunity to ramp sack local businesses, high jacking vehicles and generally embraced the lawless opportunity that had presented itself. Police officers had retreated to the safety of their precincts as they were no longer feared or respected. In short, they were under equipped and lots short of hands. Innocent and still law abiding citizens cowered in their homes, hidden from a world that had fallen into sudden madness and mayhem.
Local reporters and cameramen captured the chaos. Broadcasts dominated all channels on TV and radio. Three channels were dedicated to life feeds from within the NASA Space Institute as Leona Ross reported constantly on the current status of the mission.
*~*~*
Edward glanced at the TV mounted in the structure near the computers in the left corner. “It’s time to leave.” His body turned cold as he watched the world falling apart. His heart pounded so hard that he could hardly breathe. “There’s no turning back from here.” He said and collected the computers.
“I agree.” George said horrified by the images and assisted Edward before following him up the ramp. “Have you taken everything out of the vehicles?” He asked turning to Ian.
“Everything is loaded and secured.” Ian assured, feeling a strong sense of urgency that was clearly shown by the way he herded everyone up the ramp.
Before reaching the bridge Edward turned to Patsy. “Takeoff will be hard on the children. I need Ian and Jessica with me on the bridge. You need to be here with the children. They will be asleep during the launch and you need to look after them.” Edward informed.
Patsy, Edward and the children entered a room off a long passage. The room was small with two bunk beds, a table, some chairs and packing space. Eight more cabins like this had been installed. The children had been placed on the bunk beds, injected with a sleeping aid and strapped in. A glass case had been pulled over them to serve as protection against anything that might fall during takeoff. Patsy’s directed to a chair where she’s strapped in and provided with a gas mask in the event of an emergency. The children’s oxygen will be circulated within their tanks.
Edward, George, Ian and Jessica continued down the passage to the bridge. They passed a number of doors that was to the right, the kitchen and dining area and medical center. To the left was the entertainment and exercise area which will also serve as a recreation room. Almost at the beginning of the passage near the cargo hold were three bathrooms installed that housed only a shower, basin and toilet. It was small but had the feel and look of that installed on aircrafts. At the bridge they were instructed regarding their duties and launch procedure. George, who’s more familiar with the design and workings of the ship, took in his place as co-pilot.
“Do you think we’ll miss the shockwave?” George asked as he strapped himself in fearing a bumpy ride.
“The one from the missiles will only rock us lightly. But the one from the moon hitting earth, that one, we’ll be long gone for. It will take us fifteen hours to get to space and far enough to warp.” Edward informed proudly.
“Warp, you got that to work?” George asked surprised.
“Yes, it took a lot of time and money. Time I thought I might not have had, and money I had too much of. But I promise you it works perfectly.”
“So what’s our destination? Do you have an idea yet?” George asked.
“We found a planet in another galaxy that might be similar to earth. It has water, plants and an atmosphere. I just hope it is livable without dangerous creatures.” Edward informed as he wasn’t sure of the inhabitants of the planet. “It will take us a few years to get there as we’ll use most of our power just to warp away from the shockwave. Once we clear that, we’ll charge the fuel cells with UV rays. There’s no fuel stations our there you know.” He added sarcastically.
Everyone laughed.
“No my friend, you truly and honestly are a genius. They should never have let you go at the institute.” George commented.
“They said I’m crazy. What are they saying now?” Edward said grinning proudly.
“I’m so proud of you. Everyone said you’re certifiable and you proved them wrong.”
“I have enough space for sixteen people and in the end only six came. Six out of every person who knew me, that believed and trusted me. That’s why you’re sitting there right now.” Edward said and activated a switch.
The roof of the structure separated and opened. The engines ignited, humming softly. Gadgets and instruments jolted to life as the ship slowly lifted off the ground.
Under Edward’s guidance and instruction the ship lifted off and cleared the structure. At ten thousand feet it started to move forward and climbed at a steady angle towards space.
At forty thousand feet the craft were angled correctly and boosted to rise above the gravity and clear the atmosphere without too much friction that, if not done correctly might course the craft to break up.
Boosters ignited.
“Hold on this is going to get ruff.” Edward warned and propelled the craft through the atmosphere.
Slight vibrations filled the craft whilst the force of the boost forced everyone into their seats.
For about ten minutes they grinned and bared the brunt of the force until the craft leveled out and the vibrations stopped. Everyone breathed deep and hard. Their hearts felt like exploding and their heads spun as they felt the effects of boosting through the atmosphere. For a moment no-one said a word, they recuperated and settled in their new environment.
Finally the silence was broken.
“Okay we’ve cleared gravity. Ian, please release the external fuel tanks. They’re empty. From here on out we rely only on fuel cells powered by the sun and alternators.” Edward explained as the tanks released and blasted away from the ship.
Thrusters directed the ship away from earth and the moon.
“Shouldn’t we put more distance between us and the earth. They must have launched the missiles by now.” George suggested concerned that one of the stray missiles might impact the ship.
“We will continue on this course for about fourteen hours before we can warp. I have engaged artificial gravity so we can move around.” Edward said releasing his safety harness and got up.
“You guys should see this.” Jessica announced excited as she gazed back at earth through one of the large bridge windows.
“That’s amazing. I’ve never thought I’d see earth like that. She’s so beautiful and peaceful.” Ian remarked.
“I’m going to check on Patsy.” Edward informed handing George a recorder. “It’s better if we record everything we see and experience. We are starting a new legacy.” He said smiling for the first time.
“I’m honored to start this with you.” George said choking on emotions as he now has his best friend back.
“There, there. I would’ve come to get you. I would never dream of doing this without you. We’ve been building this dream together for as long as I could remember.” Edward assured and grabbed George in a warm, friendly embrace.
*~*~*
At eight-o-three the last missile launched into the night sky, to the excitement of thousands of people celebrating on rooftops. Cheers echoed into the already loud night. Screams of horror echoed from streets below, as a picture of disaster was painted. In the streets, litter was scattered, broken glass from shop windows glistened on the sidewalks and streets. Discarded broken merchandise, assaulted people and crashed cars were still evident from the lawless madness that swept across the country.
In the meeting room at NASA the President, General, Michael, Leona and scientists eagerly awaited the missiles to reach the moon. It’ll take more than four and a half hours for them to deliver their assault. On the large digital clock time was counting down too quickly. Time was flowing away like a leaky water pipe, with a little more than twelve hours remaining. Would the world be destroyed or thrown into a whirlpool of turmoil once the moon had been forced to leave its orbit. After the missiles hits and the dust had subsided only then will the truth be known.
“Sir we’ve just received reports of an unauthorized launch from Ohio. It’s nothing we’ve launched.” One of the scientists announced from the meeting room.
“Any idea what it was?” Thomas asked standing in closer.
“No sir. Whatever it was, it was very big and very fast. It cleared the atmosphere in less than an hour.”
“Where is it now?” He asked.
“In space, sir...” He assured. “It looks like its fleeing earth.” He added quickly.
“Who would be able to build something like that in the middle of Ohio?” Thomas asked shocked.
“Edward Bishop.” Davis remarked.
“Who, I seem to recall that name mentioned before?” Thomas recalled.
“About ten years ago, Edward came up with the plans for a space ship, they were brilliant, if I should say so myself.” Davis started.
“What happened, why this comes up only now?” Thomas asked.
“The cost to construct the craft was extreme and his theory so out there, that we thought he was insane.” Davis defended. “His government finance was never approved.” He added sadly.
“His theory’s not so out there now.” Thomas admitted.
“It appears he built the craft himself.” Davis added.
“It would appear so. It would also appear that he doesn’t have faith in the missiles either.” Thomas added.
“Maybe he knows something we don’t.” Michael interrupted.
“Like what?” Thomas asked.
“If you’ve got a craft I’ll go ask him.” Michael added smiling.
“Funny.” Thomas remarked, turning to the TV set still broadcasting images of chaos.
“I should have told the people to kill each other and have no regard for anything or anyone. Maybe if I told them to act like teenage delinquents they might have been civil and stayed indoors like I wanted.” Thomas said saddened as he watched broadcast after broadcast of devastation and chaos.
On another channel a number of mass suicides were broadcast as a religious hysteria gripped followers. Thousands of bodies laid scattered over a large open area. Scene after scene was broadcast as people took their own lives rather than facing the unavoidable impact of the moon. There was no discrimination against the victims. Children, adults, different races laid side by side; holding hands into what they believed were the Armageddon of all things.
“The news had hit too hard for them to comprehend. They’ve been yanked out of reality and stripped of all normality, what else could they do?” Michael remarked saddened by the sight of the broadcasts.
“It’s not just today. People had no regard or consideration for a long time now. Maybe it’s time to end the madness.” Leona corrected.
“And from the ashes the phoenix will rise again.” Thomas said softly. 
“If there’s ashes left for it to rise from.” Davis commented.
Thomas turned away from the TV set slowly. “Any updates?” He turned to the scientists.
“The missiles had just reached the exosphere. So far we’re on ninety-four percent of the missiles. The smaller missiles failed to reach that height.” 
“What’s the critical percentage for failure?” Davis asked.
“Sixteen percent loss of missiles, so far we’re on four percent.” The scientist assured.
“Then we have nothing to do but wait. I’m starving.” Thomas added trying to lift the tension that’s already hanging like a dark cloak. 
After a meal of left-over finger snacks, cocktails and freshly delivered pizza the group of men including Leona returned to the meeting room where the scientists and astronomers kept a watchful eye on the progress of the missiles. Within the last hour, eight percent of the missiles failed to reach the moon and died down into an orbit pattern similar to that of a satellite. Three percent had been blown off course by solar winds and a handful had collided with small objects and detonated. This brought the loss percentage to just over fifteen percent. As the remaining missiles now neared the moon, there was an uncomfortable silence in the room. The occasional sound of the strike of keys on the keyboard echoed so loudly that it dominated the silence. The sound of breaths held was as loud as the pounding of many hearts waiting nervously and fearfully as the last distance were reached.
“Sir we’ll have impact in five minutes.” One of the astronomers announced as the camera and all attention turned to the images reflected from the Hubble space telescope on the large screens.
Davis noticed Thomas praying silently. He took his hand and joined in prayer. Soon the room echoed as prayers rose louder and louder.
“Thirty seconds to impact.” The astronomer announced interrupting the prayers and started a countdown.
Impact...
From out of the darkened night sky a light as bright as the sun erupted through space, wave after wave of blue and red swirled outwards like a stone dropped into a pond. Yellow and green added to the color display as it rippled back towards earth. A hazy image of the moon came into focus moments after impact. The bright light subsided as the images from Hubble dropped into a darkness followed by an image of no signal.
“I lost my feed.” The cameraman announced concerned as the screen on the TV set went blank.
“What happened?” Davis asked still holding his breath without realizing it.
“It appears that the shockwave took out Hubble and a number of our other satellites.” The scientist reported.
“What? We need to see what’s going on up there?” Thomas instructed shocked.
“We can get images from our telescopes but it would take some time.” He assured and hurried out the room.
“We need communication. We can’t leave the world in total darkness.” Thomas instructed turning to the hazy monitor screen.
As wave after wave silently rolled to earth, people were mesmerized by the beauty of the display. Moments later a second impact followed as a large blast, larger than the first, filled the sky once more. There’s movement in space but without a space telescope the movement was unnoticed from earth. Through any telescope the moon appeared to remain still. Without any communications there was no way to broadcast updates from NASA, thus the world remained wondering, and fearing the worst.
“We have images of the moon. It appears to be still intact.” The scientist announced.
“Did it work?” Thomas asked holding his breath till his chest ached.
“It’s moving...” he added hammering on his keyboard.
“Where, will it clear our gravity?” Davis asked just as out of breath.
“No, the missiles didn’t work. The moon will hit at nine-fifty-two in the morning.” He said softly as the simulation played on his screen.
President Thomas stumbled to the nearest chair. His weak and pale, the world around him spun so fast that he couldn’t find the chair. His body felt numb, his legs gave in under the weight of the failure that had been forced down on him too fast. Davis rushed forward and grabbed the weakened man before he hit the ground. He’s assisted to a chair where he sank into it hard. 
Thomas started to sob. “I failed you, I failed the world. It’s over, how will we survive this, why has this happened. Is there really nothing more that can be done? We haven’t tried hard enough. What do we do now? I failed everyone, now everyone will die.” 
*~*~*
Chapter Five
*~*~*
After four-fifteen in the morning the streets of New York City was deserted. Never before in the history of the city had it been as deserted as this morning. Cars littered the streets and glass was everywhere. Glass covered abandoned vehicles, streets and sidewalks. A closer look at the buildings that stood silently as guards in the street lost all of their windows when the shockwave past more than two hours ago. Without communications and constant broadcasts people had fled the open air and retreated into subways and buildings, where they peeped out occasionally, fearing what they might see if they dared to enter the open. New York City and most of the cities and towns in United States remained as they appeared, like ghost towns, abandoned and deserted.
The sky burst open and released thousands of fire balls dragging long tails of fire fury as debris and lost satellites blasted through the atmosphere. A loud whistle echoed through the empty streets as large rocks rained from the heavens. It speed propelled it through buildings, smashing and tearing bricks and rubble from their resting place to tumble aimlessly to the streets below. A loud crash issued as it landed on vehicles left behind.  The loud whistling sound echoed louder and louder as more and more stones rains freely down from above. All across the southern coast line hundreds of thousands of rocks rained down. The occasional satellite ripped through the air and smashed into buildings and ground with a loud bang followed closely by an explosion.
For hours no-one dared to even peep around the broken windows of the buildings they hid in.
Time dragged forever as it seemed.
Silence filled the air once more.
Nothing moved anywhere.
Slowly the sun rose casting its light brightly, as it had done so many times before. Its warmth found every crack and shadow, casting it away for a whole day. Today will be short indeed.
Far above the moon appeared bright and larger than before. The light of the sun did very little to conceal the moon. It felt and looked like it was just out of reach, a little more than an arm’s length away.
A devastating sound emerged from it as it blasted through the atmosphere. It echoed so loudly with a force of an atomic bomb that it blasted towards New York City. The blast ripped through the air, it blasted the Statue of Liberty from her stand and hit her into the water surrounding her, with such force that a wave rushed to shore.
The wave hit first followed closely by the blast. It flashed through buildings and swept cars, taxies and busses alike down the street and crashed through businesses. The blast blew through the buildings, knocking them down without difficulty, as if children blow I few match boxes over.
An ear-deafening whistle blasted across the land.
The moon ripped through the atmosphere as it lost its fiery tail and gained a smoke and debris tail. It moved fast targeting the Pacific Ocean.
Seconds later it impacted, blasting through miles of water, hitting deep into the ocean floor that had been beneath millions of tons of water. A water column of steam vapor, chloride and salt water was sent into the air with massive force. The remaining water vanished leaving a cold dry ocean floor, swarming with dead water life that died instantly. The ozone layer evaporates so fast allowing the sun to burn down, steaming up what remained of the water.
Earth and rocks ripped through the air as the one half of the planet disintegrated.
The blast from the impact shot out and spread across the face of the earth
The force on the crust was evident as the earth shook dramatically and ripped cracks through continents and exposed seabed. The cracks pushed further and further away creating large tares and gorges from coast to coast. Magma blasted through the cracks as the earth combusted and exploded from within. Billions of earth fragments blaster outwards and through the air, coming to rest miles into space.
*~*~*
“We got to go; we should’ve been gone already.” Edward shouted as he was caught up in the disaster playing out in front of them. 
With the moments recorded he strapped into his seat and watched as everyone followed him. As one they turned away from the horror sight and boosted the engines slightly to build the speed they needed to warp. 
Far behind them a ripple still blasted through the air into space followed by thousands of missiles made of rock and parts of earth. 
It blasted outwards into all wind directions at speeds exceeding seven thousand and two hundred miles an hour. 
These deadly missiles had found a target, a space ship some distance away. 
The only remaining survivors of what was planet earth.
It cuts through space rapidly.
The blast engulfed Mars and incinerated it.
More debris followed as some moved back towards earth.
As a second blast shot outwards from where the last fragments of earth was, it blew back into itself creating a black whole. As the vortex started to swirl around and around, it started to drag anything and everything around towards itself. Sucking more and more into the whole, it grew larger and larger and forced more and more towards itself.
“I can feel us being pulled backwards. If we don’t warp now we’ll be blasted to shreds before we even get to the black whole.” George informed with his heart beating so fast and hard that he could barely hear.
“I know but we don’t have enough speed.” Edward shouted back.
“We need to get out of here. We’re sitting ducks.” Ian shouted from his station.
“You think.” Edward remarked getting frustrated.
“We need to warp, weather we have enough speed or not, because we’re losing speed at the moment.” George informed,
“Ian, redirect power to the boosters. Don’t use all of it just about ten percent. If you use too much we won’t be able to warp.”
“The blast is going to get us, move now!” George shouted.
“Boost now!” Ian shouted.
Edward activated the boost and propelled the craft away from the blast. For a moment it seemed like the blast would catch up and engulfed the space ship. 
With at least a minute to spear the craft vanished.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*



