The Goomeri Pointing Bone
By Tony Lourensen
Copyright © Tony Lourensen 2012
All rights reserved.  No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the author.
Edition : First edition : Publisher : Tony Lourensen : shortys.book(at)optusnet.com.au
Website:  www.tonylourensen.com
Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents
Introduction
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
ChapterTwelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Epilogue
About the Author
Also by this Author
Introduction
Dwarg was the only Whisp to have made actual contact with the physical world.  Indeed, before the now, he had been a physical entity inside Humans for 11 years and had attained valuable knowledge and information about all living creatures, the planet and the Aura. It was his Human host, Aggie Kellor, who at age 11, managed to return him to his own world.
During the course of his time with the physical, he had learnt that extra-terrestrial travellers, viruses and potential invaders were infecting the Humans.  This, he discovered, could well lead to the destruction of the Planet and its Aura, a place in which he, the Whisps and the Humans existed.
Together with Slig and some other concerned Whisps, Dwarg had formulated plans to stop the intrusion of these foreigners...and to eliminate those raiders already upon the Earth.
Chapter One
“It’s just another enigma of the Aura, Slig.  You would have experienced the same failure trying to find me when I was in the physical.  I know exactly where my former host is in relation to the planet, yet I cannot flux to her now – it’s almost like an invisible barrier that has been placed in my path.”
“Dwarg, your explanation of dimensions may be the key as to not being able to access or even get close to your Human host again.  As I see it, one would have to be physical in the first instance.  I have been able to follow Humans, seen their lives lived out and their ensuing generations grow and pass, yet cannot access even an atom of their physical world. You have proven that other worlds exist outside our own;  so it would not be unreasonable to suggest that there may be other dimensions within our Aura.”
“That is likely to be true Slig. When physical, I read some text explaining the different dimensions as Humans saw it.  It explained, as an example, of a place called Flatland and all creatures upon Flatland were flat and One Dimensional.  They only knew length, forward and reverse, but in time they discovered width, left and right which they called the Second Dimension.  They never knew of a thing called height, or up or down; and then one Flatlander bumped into something – it was a tall pole.  He reversed, then went forward and bumped into it again.  He tried going left and right again and again but this thing was still there and the Flatlander kept bumping into it.  He just didn’t know to look up and see what it was; had he done so, he would have been the first to discover the Third Dimension. We know we are in the equivalent of the Humans’ Seventh Dimension, yet even now we still come up to something and bump into it, again and again, just like that Flatlander – we just don’t know how to interpret that barrier...yet.”
Dwarg’s absence from Aggie Kellor was now over six Human years.  He had left her a legacy of information and knowledge which, if she followed, would ensure that the planet would not denigrate at the rapid rate which it, and the Humans, were heading.
He was gratified to see that there were more and more neutral phatets being released into the Aura due to the neutron pulsing systems that his erstwhile host had developed and established. These were eagerly harvested by a certain number of Whisps who were engaged in the construction of a protective shield around the planet to keep possible invaders out. Yet Dwarg saw the Whisp body, the majority bonding group, to be seemingly quite content to just be Whisps in the Aura – disinterested and neutral.
“Dwarg, there are times when your information makes me vibrate. I cannot help but almost feel some Human emotion to hear some of your exploits in the physical. I also cannot help but feel that you wish to return to your female Human; you realize of course that such a feeling is purely a characteristic of a Human’s emotion, certainly not one belonging to a Whisp?”
“You are right of course Slig. These emotions are powerful and I can see how important they are in the life of a Human.  I even question my own satisfaction as to being a Whisp – before the now, nothing ever happened; we had no purpose – we were just there – we existed and were satisfied, and apart from experiencing Swirl Chaos, that was that.  Now things are happening, I’ve done things, planned things, organised and educated more Whisps, and it seems I can’t simply be the same Whisp as I once was. How ya gonna keep ‘em down on the farm, after they’ve seen Paree?.so to speak.”
“Even though I cannot understand your Human influenced response, I understand the influence must be strong with you Dwarg.  Your adventures carry memories for yourself as an individual – you are aware that the body will not fail to notice this unusual, if not altered state?”
“Slig, they can kiss my burro. If they are not prepared to evolve, they should be left behind of the now.”
Slig was very concerned at Dwarg’s position.  After all, Whisps are, in the first instance, a body comprising all; it is unusual to see Whisps group away from each other for reasons of disharmony. Yes, Slig thought, like it or not, Whisps were on some path of evolvement.
“Dwarg, I have to say something. You say that extra-Aura visitors have entered our world, and some have infected the Humans which in turn put them on a path of unnatural evolvement.  You, yourself have played a part, albeit for our benefit and protection. Now we see that you have returned to our world and are placing us on a similar path. Could we not say that perhaps you are, or have been, infected?”
“I have been vexed by this suggestion since my return Slig.  The only way to prove that I am pure, would be to have another Whisp flux with me to the physical and confirm or deny any such infection.”
“Such decision has already been agreed to by the body, during your absence in the physical.  All that was required was your proposition; and now we have it.”
“The body is more tenacious with its vigilance than I had surmised Slig.  I must withdraw my disapproval and accept the all. To learn of such tests and trials strengthens my respect. You will come with me Slig?”
“Of course Dwarg ; it has already been approved. And, should all your reports of intruders be accurate, the body requires that we seek out, and if necessary, destroy all such aliens. If that requires the expiration of Humans in the process, let it be so.”
“Do you think I may be infected Slig?”
“Only with those things you have brought with you from the physical. Some of those Human emotions obviously transcend all filters and barriers within the Aura.  Your possession of some of these are interesting, however I do not conclude that they are likely to be of any threat to Whisps – unless of course, that  we be made to kiss burros.”
“That comment, as you must know, is of Human humour; I must vibrate until that thought passes.” Both Dwarg and Slig vibrated in unison and fluxed great distances, much to the notice of seemingly disinterested Whips.
“Slig, if we are to enter the physical world, I cannot accurately determine if the dimension in which I entered before, will be exactly the same, but by my reckoning and fluxing around the planet, all seems to correlate that it will be on the timeline from when I left.”
“And our Human hosts?”
“I am certain that the Human Aggie Kellor will accept me again. You will have to group with me until such opportunities arise where we can separate and begin our purging of dangerous extra-aural intruders off the planet.”
“Dwarg, have you calculated what means, what weapons, what actions we have to take to do all this?”
“I have found that the most important characteristics, in the make-up of the Humans, comprise a sense of survival, followed by a desire and need to reproduce. I spent some time in a new born Human and although it could not survive on its own at the start of its life, there was an extremely strong instinct to advance.  It is in their basic design – other characteristics within their DNA seem to be less important at that stage. As you know, Human emotions are exceptionally complicated and confounding. There are other things that I have not been able to grasp – their use of wavelengths and rays and their digital technology.  This is where we will have to undertake our quest with caution and use, as far as possible, the Humans’ physical powers to our advantage.”
“Dwarg, should we be detected, will the Humans have the means to overpower us?”
“In the physical world, I’m certain of it.”
“So who will be our first target?”
“Before I left the physical, I noted some Humans, still in existence, who I believe are infected with alien entities. There may have been more since my departure. One is named Stephen Hawkins, another named Albert Gore, one Newt Gignrich, and a deceiver named Peter Jackson. There may also be an unusual entity inside a Human male, named Theodore Kaczynski.”
Dwarg did not admit that he also tried to track down a possible virus in a Human named Harry Potter, only to discover that again, it was a false and non-existing Human, invented by a Human for the eager and credulous minds of other Human dreamers and actors.
-oOo-
A group of fluxing Whisps came to report; “Another rocket is due to leave the Aura two Human weeks from the now – the body group is preparing for another Swirl Chaos. This may be the opportunity for your exit; do you intend to wrap yourselves around their machine and travel with it?”
Dwarg replied, “I believe we should attach ourselves to it just as it pushes through the boundary.  We should see if there is any disruption or damage to our growing phatet shield in that area and see if there will be any after effects from the Swirl Chaos. When we go beyond the limit boundary, it is essential that we limit our physical size so as not to be discovered by the Humans – we will have to seek an opportunity to enter one of them. Slig, there will be interesting times ahead of the now.”
Feelings of emotion were in general a Human trait, however, Slig did vibrate in anticipation.
Chapter Two
Something was not quite right with his son Alex. It was fair to say that Archie Bentley was a doting father who was very concerned and thought about giving Oskar a call.  He could not put his finger on exactly what was wrong, but there was definitely a problem.  The medics at NASA had given Alex a full medical clearance after touchdown and quarantine, yet the son he had known for twenty two years was, different;  somehow.  Alex had always been the life of the party, sometimes embarrassingly extroverted, lively and a bit of a thrill seeker.  What Archie saw now was a quiet young man, constantly deep in thought who preferred to stay in his room alone.  It was almost as if a part of him (the socially active) had been taken away and replaced by a gloomy and sombre attitude. He didn’t want to resume those nightly chats on the balcony with his father, who so looked forward to that quality time together each day.
People would ring the house, “Hi Archie, is Alex around?” and Alex always seemed to have an excuse for not talking with them.  Archie had only spoken to Alex about his moodiness once, only to be told in no uncertain terms that he just wanted to be left alone...but he would try again.
“Alex, can you at least tell me if you’re going back to work at NASA? they have been calling.”
“I don’t think so dad; need to get my head together; sorry I’m so sulky.  I don’t know what’s wrong with me. Ever since the shuttle landed, I’ve been feeling like shit.  I’ve had a full check-up and there’s nothing out of the ordinary, medical wise.  The Base shrink asked me a few questions and she couldn’t find anything wrong either.”
“There’s always old Oskar” replied Archie, hoping that Alex would at least consider the option.
-oOo-
Oskar Bruin believed in fairies, dreams and incantations. Given the fact that he was regarded as a bit of a harmless eccentric, some people could not deny that he did seem to possess a marvellous gift of healing, using very peculiar methods.  He always seemed to have this power, even as a kid.  Not many people knew of his background and just assumed that he was an orphan, struggling through life by himself. Yes, he was known to be in trouble with the law quite often, but there was never violence, injury or a victim involved.
Quite by accident, the State Attorney had come up with something interesting about Oskar Bruin.  The Louisiana Governor’s Department had discovered he was one of a number of babies who became known in Australia as the stolen generation.  He had been sent to loving adoptive parents in the USA for a better life, and, in the words of those narrow minded do-gooders, “away from the savage, hostile and heathen ways of his family and tribe.” At that time, the evangelists could not understand why his biological (and primitive) single mother was unhappy; indeed, ungracious that her son was being taken away to a better place...after all, his skin was much too fair.  That was many, many years ago and it was only in the last few weeks that the Australian government had contacted him, through the State, with offers of compensation.  There was even an offering of an all expenses paid trip to the place of his birth, where he may be reunited with his long lost and forgotten family, if in fact, they were able to be traced.
The truth was that Oskar had closed his mind to his past. All this was interesting but from what little research he did do, he found that there was no known remaining family.  Over the years, most of the tribe had just wondered off without a trace, away from the protection of those well meaning yet controlling officials.  He never knew he was adopted and at age seven, he ran away from his god-botherin parents in Minnesota and slowly worked and found his way to New Orleans.  He was a young rebellious kid who reckoned he could take on the world single handed. Oskar inwardly felt that there was no real connection with his folks up north.  His memories of babyhood came only in his dreams, and these dreams were not of the homestead in Minnesota; they were of a place far away;  the land of the Dreaming.
 He declined the offer of the trip back to Australia; however the cash grant he accepted immediately – he had debts to pay, especially to the bondsman to avoid yet another stint at the Bridge City Correctional Centre. Booze, drugs and questionable voodoo practices were among the factors leading him to spend a major part of his life in care or behind bars. However, age was catching up with him and saw him become somewhat of a recluse.  He lived in a shack, not too far from the city, yet far enough for some seclusion and privacy.
-oOo-
“What’s with all the new artefacts on your wall Oskar?” asked Archie, “boomerangs, spears, and look here, a crocodile skin?”
“Ya man... me roots. Ah’m Australian Aboriginal doen’t ya know.  Look at dem books ‘n magazines, maps, leaterwork, ‘n some dot paintings dat ‘ave ta frame. Ah been sent all dis stuff from all sorts of peoples ‘n folk from down under; ‘ere, guess wat dis is Arch?”
“It’s furry and leathery, looks like a little bag of some type.”
“Ya, it’s a coin purse made offa da scrotum offen a kangaroo.” Archie place it down gingery and gave an involuntary little whistle.
They had known each other for many years now, yet Oskar was never one to engage in small talk.  “OK man, wat’s da deal? Ya still git dem da dizzy spells?”
“No Oskar, it’s about Alex – there’s something wrong with him – he’s gone all quite and withdrawn.  NASA reckons there’s nothing wrong, but I’m worried about him, never seen him like this before.” He explained about the moodiness and depression.
“Aha, e’s fallen in love, old friend; noting shooer; e’s got a bad case a da blues; dat will be twenty bucks if’n ya please.”
“Old buddy, I only wish that was it.  When he does talk to me, he doesn’t even know himself as to what’s wrong. He won’t even talk to his girlfriends or his other close friends; just locks himself away and its gloom and doom. He’s also off his food. I just don’t know what to do about it; I know he’ll hit the roof if I told NASA that there is a problem with him.”
“Ya tink ‘e’ll a jaw wit me?”
“I did ask him, but he wouldn’t commit. But I’m thinking...tomorrow night is meatloaf and homebrew on the veranda.  Care to pop in for dinner? No charge.”
“Humm Archie’s meatloaf; OK, Ah’ll make da effort to struggling down da way – ya did say homebrew, didn’t ya cobber?”
“Er, yes Oskar...cobber?”
“Yep mate, its Aussie verdacalar for friend. Fair dinkum, you Yanks, ya need to git out more.”
“No damn Yankees down here pal.  Seriously though Oskar, please no coloured stones and feathers or jingle jangles, Alex will not be a happy chappie to see that I’ve gone behind his back.”
-oOo-
Archie was thrilled to see Alex come out of his room and flop himself on a deckchair – he didn’t want any of his father’s meatloaf, but did sip a little moonshine. “Hello Uncle Osk, fancy you being here – no prizes guessing how come.”
“Tell ya wat young Lexie, Ah got priorities.  First da booze, den da meat, and den ya’ll. Ya can’t blame ol Oskar for showen some interest. Jist look a ya’ll; a’n lower dan a witchetty grub’s doodle.”
Alex managed a little smile; he knew how much he owed Oskar.  For most of his life, Osk had been there for him.  They shared some secrets; please don’t tell my Dad,  Unc – I promise I’ll pay you back or I’ve given the principal your address to send the report to. When conventional medicine failed, old Uncle Osk would do some hocus pocus and quick as a wink, all health returned.  Alex never questioned Osk’s methods or talents. 
On one occasion, it looked like Alex may fail the final few tests at the Space Academy when a number of serious bouts of flu overtook him.  Had it not been for the bathing in the smokes that Osk organized, he may well still be, a want-to-be astronaut to this day. Alex was aware that there was no logical substance in what Osk was doing, yet, somehow, things always came out right.
It may have been peer pressure or a need to avoid embarrassment, that Alex began to shun old Oskar; certainly since his graduation (with honours). This was also a factor that recently deepened the depression.
“Lexie, ‘ave a gander at dis ‘ere tingy.” Oskar threw over a small yellowing tapering tube.  It had some strings of what could have been human hair, attached to the blunt end with a blob of brown resin. Alex caught it over his head and examined it.
“OK Unc, I give up.”
“Dat me boy, is da latest and greatest giggermethingy ‘n guider on da planet; well dat’s accordin to da note. Only git it a few days ago from Australia, from da daughter of a now dead Ngangkari; ya know, a medicine man; a healer.  Doent know wat it’s called, so Ah named it da Goomeri Pointing Bone; Goomeri was da postmark on da pack it come on in. Note don’t say much, says it will come back. Ah never used it before and Ah’m a lookin for a guinea pig?”
“How does it work?”
“Stuffed if’n Ah know Lexie.  It’s made from bone; but I don’t tink it’s one a dem pointing bones for curses and bad luck; healers never use dem.  Ah tink it’s for pointing for a sometin else. Jist lay it along ya finger and wrap da cord over a couple a times.  Yep, dat’s it.  Now do ya feel anytin boy?”
“Nothing; well maybe a little stupid.”
“Hmm, try moving ya hand around a bit, hmm try turning ya arm ‘n finger in every direction... still nix?”
“Not really Unc, well unless I point this way, then I get a little warm feeling... this way no... this way no...back this way, yes a little warm feeling in my forehead – what do I do now Unc?”
“Hey cobber, ya’ll da world famous pilot ‘n astronaut, plot ya own course.”
Alex stood up and moved his arm from place to place. Archie and Oskar followed him as he took several steps along the veranda and then entered the lounge room.
“Don’t know what’s happening guys, but I seem to be on a trail to something.  Dad, you remember telling me of how a shark finds its prey by swimming inside something like a sensing cone?  It swims from side to side within the cone to remain on track, and then finally it narrows in to the point of its food?  This is something like that;  I just keep pointing from side to side and find where the warmth is touching me.  See, it’s leading me to this wall.”
Archie whispered to Oskar, “Shit buddy, tell me you didn’t rub some LSD or magic chemical on that bone did you?”
“Aw mate, ‘ow can ya even tink dat? No, dis is ridgy didge; anyhoo, just a look at Lexie, he’s a movin, and even a smilin.”
They both followed Alex and saw him stop in front of a large map of the Continental USA.  They all peered at the spot on the map where Alex had placed his finger; Putney, Vermont. “Are you going to tell me that your Goomeri thingy wants me to go there?”
“Yip.”
“Dad?..Dad.?”
“I don’t know what to say Alex, honest, I don’t know. Do you have any feelings about going up there? And what the hell would be the reason anyway?”
“Aw come on now Dad, there’s something else isn’t there?  I can read your face Pappy; out with it.”
“Darned if that’s just a co-incidence Alex, but two days ago there was a message on the answering machine; someone wanted to talk to you, a girl.  She was one of a few that rang for you – remember?  You didn’t feel like talking to anyone that day;  you just wanted to be a sad sack in your room.  The point is, I looked at the phone display and saw that the call from was Putney, Vermont. I erased it.”
“Don’t exactly know dad, but I tell you something, I’m feeling a lot better, like a load has been lifted off me. Reckon I’ll put my faith in Uncle Osk and take a little trip up into the deep North and see what and why.  Any of that meatloaf left dad? I’m a hankering for some good eatens, and oh yes, some more of your Revenuers Revenge.”
“Would you like me to tag along son? I know you are a space engineer, but you still don’t know how to change a flat tire.”
“Dad, this will be a voyage of discovery for me and I feel it’s up to me to see where it leads.  Anyway, I’ve got Roadside Assist.  Hmm, one never knows, may just meet up with that gorgeous redhead mechanic after I last broke down – still have her number here somewhere. Anyways I have to pack, I’ll be off in the morning Dad, could you give my boss a call and tell him I’m going on a road trip – and you’d better tell him not to write me off the project just yet. Goodnight Unc, thanks for the guidance – as usual.  Oh come on, a goodbye hug isn’t sissy. Oh, I nearly forget, here’s the Goomeri back.”
“’ang on ta it for a bit Lexie, Ah tink ya’ll need it more; it’ll find me when it wants to Ah reckon.”
Alex went to the kitchen and came back with a sealed bottle of brew and gave it to Oskar.  “Just like old times Unc – and I don’t have to do it behind Dad’s back anymore.” He walked back into the house whistling.
“He still thinks I didn’t know about your special deals of the past. You’re a legend Oskar; I just don’t know how you do it.  Just listen to him, what do you think was the problem?”
“Cobber, as Ah said ya, e’sn love and ‘e’s git the blues.”
They both looked at the map on the wall. ‘I wonder what’s so special in Putney, Vermont.”
“Nuttin mo shooer Arch, dat be a female who’s a callin.  Tell ya sometin mo, dat woman be powenfull.”
“Should I be worried, old friend?”
Oskar shrugged his shoulders. His intuition told him that something very unusual was going down, but it was too profound, if not overwhelming, to try to interpret. There were forces in play which were way out of his league.
“Lotta snow up dat way now Arch, Ah be tinkin ‘e can use dat coin purse afen a bit.”
Chapter Three
“See how easy that was Slig?  One must gently guide the Human along. You’ll find less resistance that way. All we have to do now is enjoy the flux until we find the Human Aggie Kellor; she will be waiting for me.”
Dwarg was experiencing most unWhisp-like feelings. His own memories of before the now came flooding back...and he was enjoying himself.
“And you want me to remain in this male Human?”
“It’s best for a time.  Slig you still have a lot to learn about Humans before we begin our purge of the aliens.  We need to ensure that nothing goes wrong.  The worst we can do is let the aliens know we are here looking to eradicate them.”
“Dwarg, I now understand your methods of going back through a Human’s DNA; that was a good flux.  The Human Oskar Bruin has had so much involvement with the Aura, as had his predecessors. So why is this Human so much different than the others of the now?”
“I believe it’s a matter of exposure. His ancestors were pure and it was certain that all of his generations before the now were never infected or affected by an alien. This may explain why he is looked upon by other Humans as extraordinary, yet his healing powers and gifts are not endemic, they are simply natural and have not been corrupted.”
“So the Human, Oskar, is what a Human on the Planet and in the Aura and in the now, should be?”
“Close, perhaps his prior generation would have been as Humans should be.  Exposure to the infected ones has taken some of that purity away from him. I fear that future of his generations will develop further away from what is the normal.”
Slig was starting to appreciate the vast wealth of information that Dwarg had accumulated.  “Dwarg, it appears that the effects of the Smota have already been infused.  Seems they are the most common extra-terrestrial virus on the planet at the moment, and I agree with your reasoning. I see how the Humans have this urge, this living, uncreature-like desire to advance, against all reason, to something they do not appear to understand. That compulsion is nowhere to be found in their DNA; or is it?”
“Therein, I believe, lays the nexus of their origin Slig.”
“Please explain.”
“More information is required.”
“All right then Dwarg, tell me again about these chromosomes and how you can separate those clinging Human emotions embedded within their DNA.  And colour, what is this thing that Humans called colour?”
-oOo-
“Oh, for cripe’s sake Aggie, give him another call, you look like you’re about to burst your puffer-valve.” Edna was getting a little frustrated watching Aggie pace up and down.  “He just can’t hop on a plane willy-nilly and come up here like a delivery boy; he’s probably got things to do.  If you’re right about Dwarg, that little shithead will have his work cut out for him anyway. Here, give me his number and I’ll try to ring him.”
“Don’t you dare aunt, anyway I shouldn’t have rung his home in the first place.  I was just anxious, that’s all.”
“Well maybe Dwarg doesn’t know the way back here, maybe Mister Alex Bentley is rejecting our little Whisp; remember that he did have trouble with your dad.” Inwardly, Edna was a little anxious as well.
“No Aunt, Dwarg knows exactly how to get here, and from what I saw of Alex Bentley’s interview on TV, he has control of some sort.  I should be more trusting and patient.  Maybe I’ll go into the lab for a couple of hours to get my mind off it; can I get you a drink or a snack or  something Aunt?”
“No thanks sweetheart.  You go off to your office – I want to go Brattleboro anyways; need more fuel for the snowplough and Ed is having a little trouble with his hip; my fault, I fear.”
“Aunt, I’ve told you before, we are very well off, we have people employed to do all that sort of work, remember your stiff back two weeks ago?  Don’t want you groaning and moaning again, do we?”
The truth was that Edna just loved to drive her Big Black Hummer that once belonged to Megan’s father.  Any excuse for a little drive would do.
-oOo-
Alex did have an early start.  Before the goodbye, he had raisin toast and coffee with his father.  It was bitter-sweet for Archie.  He had seen Alex go off on expeditions all too often; and all were not to his liking. This trip appeared not overly extreme, nothing at all like going into outer-space, yet he hated to see his boy go off to places unknown.  Vermont! Archie had never been further north than Memphis, and that was all too far from home. Vermont may well have been another planet to him.
They both checked under the hood of the Corvette; oil? check, water? check, fluids for brake? power steering? window washer and radiator? check.  Tire pressure? check, spare wheel, tools? check.  Luggage, money, credit cards, and oh yes son, clean underwear?  “Yes pappy; gees.”
“Maps, GPS?”
“Got the Goomeri here dad.  I’ll stop and buy some snow clothes and thermals on the way.”
“Your cell phone? Camera?”
“Yep.  Oh dad, if you do get another call from that person in Putney, could you get the number and ring me? at least that may give me a clue as to what this is all about.”
“Take care son, I love you.”
“Love you too Dad; don’t forget to close the gate after I leave.  Yeeha! I’m off into the wild blue yonder to the land of the Yankees and Patriots.  I’ll give you a progress call this evening.”
Archie watched the Corvette wind its way along the driveway until it was out of sight.  He was alone again.
-oOo-
“I tell you that’s him Liz, I should know – I’ve got a poster of him above my bed.  Wonder why he’s here? Please, please let me serve him.” Elizabeth had no choice anyway as Charlene picked up her server tray and brushed her aside. They had noticed the fancy Corvette ZR1 pull into the car park and Adonis came out and entered their restaurant.
“Welcome to Albert’s of Atlanta, sir. Would you like to see the wine and drink list?  Here is our menu;  you’ll find we serve only the very best food and beverages.”
“Why thank you pretty lady.  No alcohol, but black coffee for starters; and what would be the chef’s speciality today?”
It took all of Charlene’s strength to stop from saying Oh that would be Liz the slut over there. But she replied, “Albert has suggested clam chowder and lobster thermidor – it is really nice – I’m sure you would enjoy it. Will there be anyone else joining you at the table sir?” Oh please, please say no darling. 
“No, it’s just me.”
“Please don’t be offended, but you’re Alex Bentley aren’t you? I’ve followed your career. Guess you could say I’ve had a crush on you forever. So glad to meet you in person.” She placed her hand on his arm. “So you’ll go with the lobster?” Alex looked at her hand and just nodded.
“Sorry; I’ll go get your order.”
He placed his palms against his head. Again with the internal conflict. What the blazes is going on in that head of mine? Here is a gorgeous girl; and I’ve seen the body language, the hair flick, the finger to the lip, the dilated doe eyes and especially the stroking of her pencil and I’m not all that interested. Am I going sterile? Did space travel neuter me or something? Ordinarily, I would be in the sack making passionate love before the first sip of my coffee. And she’s a honey.
Dwarg had no intention of allowing Alex to divert from his path.  As far as he was concerned, refuelling and resting his innocent host was a necessity.  Although there may be valuable information to be gained from witnessing the reproductive act of Humans, these lessons would have to wait.  Dwarg did learn that the emotions leading to Human copulation were amongst the strongest he had ever experienced; only marginally stronger, was the emotion of self survival. Slig tried hard to understand. “Slig, at this time we must focus the Human on the pathway to Aggie Kellor.  If we allow diversions and activities other than the planned way, more issues and events will become entwined in his life path.”
-oOo-
Charlene smiled seductively as she removed the plate which now held the empty shell of the large lobster. Alex was wiping his lips with the serviette. “What a lovely dish” he said, looking directly into her eyes.
She blinked her eyebrows rapidly.  “Mr Bentley, may I offer you... a dessert?..a light waffle with mango sauce and soft serve ice-cream perhaps?”
“Please call me Alex...Charlene?” He was reading the plastic name badge on Charlene’s apron.  “Hmm, instead of the ice cream, I could really go for maple syrup on that waffle...heaps of it.” What the, he thought, I’ve never been into maple syrup before... now I’ve a craving for some.
-oOo-
“Thank you Charlene. That was really a decent and tasty meal, I’m so glad I stopped here.  Boy, all that food should see me through to Richmond. Unfortunately I’m in a bit of a hurry.”
“Oh no, you’re leaving us already Alex?  I had rather hoped to invite you to my room.  You see I have a picture of you above my bed and dare I ask... I would love for you to come over and sign it and maybe, stay a little while?”
Charlene lent forward to refill Alex’s cup with coffee, allowing him a more than generous view of her cleavage in the process. Alex just stared ahead and again put his hands on his face. I should never have posed for that crappy photo shoot – still trying to live that down.
“I would really love to know all about your rocket.”
“Charlene” he whispered, “I’m on a mission”– his hand was in front of his mouth and he was looking around in true secret agent fashion, “I can’t tell you anything more.” He picked up the pepper shaker and sprinkled some on the place mat; then, with his finger, drew CIA into the dust of the pepper.  He then wiped the surface with a napkin. “I wouldn’t want to see you in any trouble or taken into custody.”
“Take me with you Alex, I don’t care, I’ll do anything for you, anything.”
“Gees Charlene, believe me, it just can’t happen, I’m so, so sorry. I must go.”
“Yea well, that’s the story of my life. Always ships passing in the night;  may I at least give you my phone number, just in case you change your mind?”
“Just whisper it to me honey.”
-oOo-
Looking through the restaurant window, Charlene and Liz watched him climb into his flash car and roar away. “I can’t believe you let him get away Charlene; heaven sakes girl, you shoulda been a bit more forward;  shoulda let him know you woulda put-out for him.”
“Gees Liz, anymore forward, and I’d been banging him under Table Nine. But there’s something about him; I think he’s in some sort of trouble and he’s on the run. Darn it all, can’t something good ever happen to me. Oh well, I can always take his picture down and replace him with Elvis...again.”
“Shit! Shit! Shit!” yelled Alex as he floored the ’vette and aimed for Interstate 85.
Chapter Four
Vincent and Ted had things in common;  both had been infected with a powerful virus not of this world.  The entities; the Smota, within van Gogh were themselves imprisoned and ineffective within a feeble and abnormal Human, and they all perished upon his death. Another distinct and opposite virus (Dwarg had identified and called them Matos) found their way from beyond the Aura, to infect one Theodore; The Unabomber, Kaczinski. This virus was still active.
Prior to leaving the physical, Dwarg had studied the reports of the human Kaczinski and saw at once that the Matos were guiding his actions. Humans at least had this person isolated from the majority group.  This was satisfactory as it would not to allow the Matos to further direct that Human.
Dwarg explained to Slig, the story of how this particular Human was led to believe that by ending the existence of a few Humans, others would understand that the scientific progress of Humans was harmful to the planet. The Matos had been particularly clever in guiding this Human, who himself was knowledgeable of the scientific levels of the now.  Dwarg pointed out how for many Human years, the Human Kaczinski had not been detected by others seeking his capture.
“Dwarg, it would appear that the Matos have rather the same objective as we Whisps. Am I correct in saying that there is some deception in their undertakings?  What would be so wrong with the Matos virus ridding the planet of all living things?  didn’t Whisps consider the same thing?”
“Slig, don’t forget my concerns about the Aura.  We could certainly exist without Humans, but what about the remaining creatures and the extra-terrestrial viruses and matter that will continue to enter the Aura? They will eventually turn to our world of the non-physical and carry on with their path of destruction. At least we have identified the threat and can protect ourselves using the Humans – even if they don’t know it themselves.”
“Dwarg, we still have the problem of the Swirl Chaos.”
“The Human Albert Gore will help us with that Slig. It depends on which virus has infected him and how receptive he may be for some of our own input data. He, unlike Kaczinski, has not yet been isolated by the majority group.”
 “Mmm...Dwarg, do you feel it? I feel something, strange but attractive, a sensation of some kind; it is, it  is...favourable.”
“Ah yes Slig, our host has ingested a substance taken from a large plant, a tree.  It’s called maple syrup, mmm...I also...enjoy.”
“Dwarg, did you notice that the fuel for sustaining living creatures on the planet, comes by consuming other living or dead creatures and organisms.”
“Yes, most do, but there are other fuels that are ingested, just like this mmm...maple syrup. The world of the physical is strange indeed Slig.”
-oOo-
Edna came back from her little trip to Brattleboro.  She scuffed the slush from her boots and began to hang up her brightly coloured raincoat when she sensed all was not right. Even before she opened the inner door to the house, she prepared herself for something being amiss. “Aggie, are you all right? what’s happened..Aggie, where are you sweetheart?”
“In the kitchen Aunt.  I just got off the phone, some awful news I’m afraid.  Professor Lien is missing; Aaron, is very worried for the professor’s safety – he has no idea if it’s a kidnapping or something even worse. He’s notified all the authorities including the embassy in Algiers, and the Algerian Prime Minister’s Department; even the TSCTP.  So far...not a word.”
“Oh no Aggie, that’s terrible news;  how long has he been missing?”
“Two days now.  Aaron did hear that the Minister for the Interior’s Office had received some reports of local commune demonstrations and protests in Adrair province but not of any significance.  Anyway that’s nowhere near our plant. Aaron said he saw Professor Lien leave the site after midnight Tuesday, supposedly to go to his cabin.  That was the last time anyone saw him. He just didn’t turn up in the morning and Aaron noticed that the cabin was empty and the bunk had not been slept on.  As far as he knows, nothing was missing – no notes, no clues.”
“What about his Harley?”
“It’s still there aunt.  This is serious; I’ll have to go there. Have to warn Jade to get the Gulfstream ready, have to notify the security staff, the embassy, the State Department and I’d better give Ambassador Amine a call.  If anything bad has happened to the professor, it will be my fault. And what about Dwarg? Oh hell aunt, where do I start?”
“Whoa there princess...the same way you approach all your problems nowadays Aggie –  cup of herbal tea and your electronic white board – and if you think you are just walking out of here to fly to Algeria, it will have to be over my dead body. Remember the six Ps? Now let’s all calm down and tackle this like Kellors...go wheel your board in, I’ll go boil the kettle and switch on Uncle Dan’s Abenaki Thinking Music.”
Professor Rienus Lien had been working for Kellor Resources for six years and absolutely loved the direction that fate (or as he put it...Aggie and Co) had taken him.  He had left the boredom of academic isolation within the University of Oklahoma to join Aggie in building a prototype geothermal generator in Arizona.  By achieving this, and other successes, he noticed that the industrialists and world governments were knocking on his door for his services.  The fact that he was doing something to better mankind drove him to bigger and better methods of producing clean, cheap and unlimited energy.
The structure, blueprints, machinery and know-how came from the mind and purse of Aggie and her Aunt Edna.  Initially Aggie was very much hands-on with the construction, systems and technicalities of her wild and interesting projects.  Very early in the production stages, she had realized that Rienus was quite capable of undertaking the projections without her interference.  He was not totally autonomous and would argue with Aggie on points not to his liking, yet there was a mutual respect and each trusted one another without reserve. With his track record, he could have easily parted from Kellor Resources to commence and realize his own empire, but he was comfortable with his young boss and visionary, the relationship of which would appear, to an outsider, somewhat strange, given the age and life experience differences. Rienus was always in awe of Aggie’s exceptional talents and grasp of sub-atomic physics, in particular, her ability to design and construct the hardware and machinery for the neutron pulsing processes.
Six or so years ago in Geneva, he had witnessed a young 11 year old Aggie Kellor conduct a hands-on atomic experiment at the LHC for CERN.  The resulting trials proved her proposition as to the theory of dissipating quarks at differing and exceptional temperatures. He had quickly learnt that he should stay near this gifted girl, who later poached him away from the UO to work for Kellor Resources;  he took up her offer in less than 10 seconds.
He fondly remembered the time when he questioned her about the distribution of electricity after she had explained the total set-up of the proposed geothermal plant in Arizona. Her presentation had all the bells and whistles with the schematics, the plans, the purpose built turbines and generators. “Aggie, I agree that all this is plausible and I’m in no doubt that it will generate, and yes there will be plenty of power to go around.  But just look at your time frame...and, may I mention something about infrastructure?...you know those lines, the towers, the transformers and step up transformers, property acquision – not to mention all the environmental impact investigations for under and around the power lines, grids and depots along the length of the feed?  Last time I looked at the map, Arizona was a rather large place.”
“Oh didn’t I tell you professor? We’re not going to use power lines to distribute the electricity; we’re going to send it directly from the plant to the point of demand.” Rienus Lien never  again tried to patronize his 18 year old employer.
This latest project of Aggie’s was a little different; a geothermal generator near the middle of the Sahara Desert.  The area she chose was in Southern Algeria and Rienus could not see the point of setting up energy provision in a land which already had a healthy supply of oil and natural gas.  Indeed, the hydrocarbon industry within Algeria accounted for some 60 per cent of its economy and he thought that there were many other more deserving places to invest and install a power plant.
“With this project we are going to diversify professor. You probably already know of the Tuat in central Algeria? No?  Well it’s a desert region that has a string of small oases running through it; there is underground water in the sandstone beneath, and the rock layer is quite extensive, in fact it reaches under Libya and Tunisia as well. This water has been used by the inhabitants since the dawn of time by way of wells and a clever irrigation system called foggaras have been used primarily to irrigate date palms. Unfortunately, or fortunately depending on which way one looks at it, large pockets of natural gas and oil have been found underneath the sandstone of the Continental Intercalary. The Algerian state-owned oil company, Sonatrach is seeking joint ventures with China and France and who knows which other probable supermajor energy partners. With me so far professor?”
“Go on Aggie, I just know this will knock my socks off.”
“The fact of the matter is that by drilling, fracking and refining oil and gas, and the ever increasing use of underground water, the water table in the Tuat will be destroyed.  It’s as simple as that. I don’t want that to happen;  so besides an abundance of energy, we are going to give the government and the people of Algeria, a huge amount of fresh clean water.  Not the water from reserves underground, but from the sky.  Our plant, in addition to providing electricity, will draw enough water from the atmosphere to irrigate vast amounts of otherwise wasted lands. The province of Adrair will become the new food bowl of Africa and hopefully, the Algerian government will abandon its quest for more oil and gas in the Sahara.  So besides electricity, we are going to grow and harvest rainclouds.  Any questions professor?.. Professor Lien?”
“Ah I’m just collecting my thoughts Aggie. I know Libya has already, and still is, pumping huge amounts of water trapped underground in the Sahara to places like Tripoli, Benghazi and Sirte. Ah I remember now, it’s called the Great Man-Made River; a huge project of wells and pipes; the world’s largest irrigation system. The Libyan government boasted that there was so much water to be tapped that it would flow and supply the country for a thousand years.”
“Depends which way you look at it professor.  That figure may be so if there is no increase in further tapping and irrigation. I can’t believe that neighbouring countries will not also tap and utilize the water.  That water is left-over from the ice-age and is never replenished. I would expect that in reality, 60 years would see the entire water table dry up or be spoilt by oil and gas pumping.  You can imagine how much the temperature in the region would  rise;  it would become an utter catastrophe for the  continent and I don’t need to tell you about the Butterfly Effect.”
“Interesting that you chose the town of Reggane in Algeria for our new project Aggie, hmm, the French did Nuclear testing there back in the 1960’s?”
“Indeed professor;  now let me tell you a little about that.”
“Ah, yes Aggie, before you go on, may I first ask your Aunt for another poultice...I feel a migraine coming on.”
ChapterFive
“Well here’s one for the books aunt...I’ve been refused permission to enter Algeria, worse still, the State Department won’t let me leave the US; not until everything is settled over there and we know what has happened with Professor Lien.” Aggie was also told that the security around her own precious Turner Trail and the Kellor Resources installation and headquarters in New Hampshire had been increased.  She did at least, head the FBI off from posting personal bodyguards outside the homestead. It was increasingly difficult for the Kellors of Putney, Vermont to keep a low profile.  Aggie insisted that all business be carried out across the border in New Hampshire.  She had a small laboratory and workshop attached to the house and only a select few of her staff or official visitors were allowed to call there.  The city of Lebanon NH, was a well chosen site for Aggie (and Kellor Resources) to establish its headquarters.  Most of the research, manufacturing and business dealings of the enterprise were carried out there and the rapid rate of its growth was such that it attracted technicians and academics from all over the world.  This in turn saw the smallest city in New Hampshire quickly lose that distinction...not that the City Supervisor or the Chamber of Commerce objected.  Aggie and Edna’s (private) company generated vast amounts of income and revenue and it was of no surprise that the Local, State and Federal governments kept a very close eye on this remarkable enterprise which fed their coffers very well indeed.  Any threat to it or its principals would be addressed aggressively...this was now becoming quite the case.
Ernest Tonges was the security director chosen by Aggie after a long and agonising selection process.  She did not have the luxury of Dwarg doing his DNA trips.  It was up to her to examine one’s character to find out if the candidate was capable, trustworthy and dedicated enough to become privilege to so much secrecy; and not fall into the  temptation of enormous financial or other ill-gotten gains.  Ernie was a retired Marine officer, decorated for bravery in Afghanistan.  A well hidden landmine ensured that he would walk with a bad limp forever.  This event ensured that his retirement dreams of walking and climbing the mountains in his home state of Colorado were shot to pieces; as much as his left leg was.  He was one of an elite few who was permitted to visit the Kellor homestead.
“Miss Kellor, I’ve notified as many of my close contacts as I dare; this is really one of those situations of wait and see.  A troop from the Surete Nationale is enroute to Reggane at this very minute and will scour the area for Professor Lien, or at least try to find some clue.”
“Has this reached the media yet, Ernie?”
“Not to my knowledge ma’am, but I think it will only be a matter of time, given the length of his disappearance and movements and the buzz around Algiers and Washington.  Anyway, I’ll make sure the press is kept off your doorstep.”
“Thank you Ernie, guess I’d better prepare a statement just in case.  How is it with the staff in Lebanon? Has the news reached there yet?”
“No, but there are a few questions beings asked and that’s to be expected given the heightened security and increased presence of troopers.  I’ve sent out a false rumour that the National Guard and Homeland Security are in cooperative exercises, focusing on the Municipal Airport and surrounding buildings. Ma’am, I’m quite willing to go to Reggane to help out.”
“I was hoping you would say that Ernie; as you know, I’m already restricted and I couldn’t wish for a better representative and investigator to go find Professor Lien. Yes please Ernie, you’ll have the jet at your disposal, anything you need, anything; you’ve got it.  Do you propose to take a specialist team with you?”
“Just one other ma’am, a buddy of mine; he’s an instructor at Fort Bragg with Special Forces; has a multitude of talents including fluency in Arabic and Berber languages and customs.”
“Aunt Edna, I’m sure Ernie would like some of those little bread rolls you’ve just baked.  Ernie, please sit down for a while; I’ll start with the letters and authorisations, you’ll be needing one of my credit cards.  Would you like me to notify the Embassy in Algiers that you’ll be coming on my behalf?”
“No, not yet, perhaps I can ask you to do that after I land there; I could give you a call when I arrive?”
“Whatever you want Ernie.” Aggie noticed that Ernie gobbled up the small bread rolls quickly.  “Goodness, where are my manners?  You must be so hungry by now. Now try some of these special baked beans;  they’re made locally; Aunt Edna loves them, so they must be good.”  Before he could say no thanks ma’am, Aggie had emptied a large ladle into a bowl and placed it in front of Ernie. “And they’re still nice and warm.”
Aggie then went into her office for a while.  She returned with some letters of authority, and other documents which she thought Ernie might need for his trip. Edna was watching him mop the last mote of sauce off his plate with a heavily buttered piece of bread roll.  He looked up and smiled to both women. “Wow, just like my old dad used to make, uum uum.  Thank you.  Now ma’am, I do have a question...what if there is some form of ransom involved?”
“If it’s only money, we’ll pay it, don’t even bother to barter Ernie;  we need him back, whatever the cost.”  He nodded.
Standing on the veranda and wrapped within large warm angora scarves, Aggie and Edna watched Ernie limp through the snow back to his car.  “I just can’t get him to call me Aggie, he makes me feel so old when he calls me ma’am.”
“He’s from the marines; we shouldn’t try to change his etiquette; he’s obviously comfortable with his way of addressing you.”
“Oh I suppose so; now what else can I do aunt?”
Edna sighed, “You could run over to his Jeep and give him a spare roll of toilet paper Aggie;  those baked beans ferment quickly and it’s quite a drive back to the metropolis of Lebanon.”
Aggie tried to smile;  she knew Edna was trying to cheer her up.  “Please, please” she whispered, “don’t have anything happen to the professor, I love that dear old man.”
Edna could only nod in agreement.
-oOo-
It was not unusual for the phone to ring at odd hours in the Kellor homestead.  It rang well after midnight and Edna reached over and pressed the lit green button.
“Hello;  Edna Kellor here.”
“Hoy there Edna; this be Cody Wanda from Guildford South, remember me?”
“Yes of course Cody, how are the haemorrhoids?”
“Ha ha, they’re all fine and so are my piles.  Edna I’m hoping you may help me in investigating something. Oh, sorry, I’m now the deputy here.  I’ve got a young’en in the cells at the moment;  a dope user.  He’s in a bit of a state.  Seems he lost his vehicle a few miles from here during the last snowfall;  says he stopped for a nature call and after he finished he couldn’t find his car; reckons it was buried under the snow.  He’s lucky I came past and found him or he would have ended up a real cool dude... haw haw.”
“Get to the point will ya Cody, why the hell are you calling me for?”
“Well this guy didn’t have any ID on him, but when I frisked him for weapons or drugs, I found a pipe;  you know what those dope-heads use to sniff narcotics. Anyways I arrested him and put him in the cells.  He reckons he works for NASA but has no idea as to why he’s in this neck of the woods; probably the dope in his brain. I got to thinking that before I contact NASA, I contact you, seeing that your brother Robert; may he rest in peace; was with NASA. He gives his name as Alex Bentley from New Orleans.”
“You klutz Cody, he is with NASA! didn’t you watch the last lot of astronauts land from the space station?  He was one of them.  Don’t call NASA;  you may get into some serious government shit if they find out you have him locked up. I’m on my way.  Anyways Cody, you were right to call me; make him comfortable, feed him, apologize and say that someone is coming to his rescue very shortly; Ok Deputy?”
“Er... Ok Edna; guess it wouldn’t hurt if I organise a search party for his vehicle, just glad it isn’t mud season yet. See you’all soon, bye now.”
As she got out of her bed, Edna chuckled to herself. What did Cody say about our boy? “Probably some dope in his brain”, hee hee hee.
-oOo-
“Aggie, Aggie, wake up princess, we have to go fetch Dwarg.”
Chapter Six
“Sir, I’d be the first person to admit to a mistake when I make one, and I have, and I admit it, and I apologize.  In my defence, your story sure did lack a fair degree of believability and with that sniffin pipe of yours, I thought the arrest was warranted.  Of course you are free to leave anytime; darn dark and miserable out there though.  May I offer you some more hot chocolate and raisin toast?”
“That would be great Officer. Do you mind if I spend the rest of the night here? I’ve nowhere to go until I find my car.  I don’t think Roadside Assist will be very interested in coming out to help me at the moment.”
“Sure Mister Bentley; anyways Edna is on her way here to collect you. I can get old Bruce from the towing yard to find your car and move it to Putney...when we have some daylight.”
“Er, Edna?”
“Yea Edna Kellor, you know her don’t you?  I was just on the phone with her.  The way she was speaking made me think you knew each other, you know, being involved with NASA and all that stuff.”
“Oh. Oh yes of course Officer, Edna Kellor from NASA.  Is that Maple Syrup in that jar? I love the stuff;  could eat it by the gallon.”
 “Now that just there would make any decent Deputy Sheriff suspicious that he had a dope-head in his cells.”
“Ok I get your point Officer.  Boy, don’t know why, but I’m feeling much better now. How long have you known Edna?”
Cody found that his erstwhile prisoner was a very likable character.  Given the vast differences in culture and lifestyles, Cody, the Man from the Green Mountains, soon became to admire this young Flatlander from the South.  He listened with great interest as he heard tales from Alex’s adventures with NASA, his training and finally his time in the orbiting space station. Alex in turn would ask subtle questions about Edna and slowly became to realize that he was still on track...to what, he did not yet know.
“Thank you for letting me call my dad, he was a bit anxious. You so remind me of him.  He was also a patrolman, in New Orleans.  Lost my mother very early in life and he’s brought me up by himself...with a little help from Uncle Oskar.  Cody, I could spend hours telling you about this character; turns out he’s an Aboriginal from Australia; he’s got healing powers you wouldn’t believe.  That little bone...ah thanks...this little bone he lent to me when I started my trip up here.  He calls it a Goomeri Pointing Bone; has some magic or something. Probably sounds strange hearing an aeronautical engineer and astronaut telling you that...but I’ve got an open mind.  I guess there are lots of things in life beyond rational explanation.”
“Well you don’t have to look past Edna if you want to see healing powers.  Yes-sir that lady delivered all six of my young’ens; never seen a sick day in their lives; even cured me of a damn painful infected bunch of grapes sticking out my...er...out of me.  Mind you, the wife still laughs at the way Edna applied the medicine.  Edna’s not so active with the healing now since young Aggie came to live with her; she must be getting close to 18 years old now; God what a pair they make. Here have some more, you know this syrup is straight from the tree, just a few miles down the road?”
“Thanks. I’ve not met Aggie; Cody, tell me about her.”
-oOo-
Aggie and Edna pulled their warm hoods over their heads as they got out of the car. “What kept you Agent?” Edna grinned as the black all-terrain Secret Service vehicle pulled up behind her Hummer.  “Just wait here for a while.  Don’t panic, we’re only going to collect Aggie’s boyfriend.  He’s lost his car outside Guilford and the Sheriff has him here.  We’re taken him back to the homestead shortly, Ok?”
The invisible agents nodded as they watched the women walk up the steps and enter the small police station.
“Hoy there Edna and Miss Aggie, come on in, just shake your jackets, there’s the hangar, let me help you.  It’s nice and warm in here.  Well, here be young Alex, all wined and dined and ready to leave this here caboose.  Alex, you said you’ve never met Aggie, may I introduce you?  Aggie this be Alex, Alex this be Aggie...ah hello, did anyone hear me?..er...Edna?”
“Cody, just let them be for a time, come show me your new cells, down his way is it?”
Alex was torn between being highly embarrassed or being highly rude.  He watched as Aggie removed her jacket and hood and saw her face.  It took his breath away.  If this was not the most perfect and beautiful face he had ever seen in his life, then it must have been in some dream...no not even then.  He was awestruck, he was numb, he could only open his mouth and stare at her.  He didn’t even hear Cody introduce her. He couldn’t stand up, not because he was dumbstruck, but because he had an involuntary erection.
“Alex, I know you’re confused.  Please trust me and I’ll do my best to explain as to what’s going on.  Will you accompany me and my Aunt Edna?  I promise that everything will be alright and that you’re in no danger.”
Alex had no words.  Aggie had rehearsed her opening words to him since Christmas...somehow they now sounded cold and short...and far too formal. Damn it all, she thought as she walked towards him.
“Er, hello, pleased to meet you at last Aggie, I guess there has to be some reason for....”
He couldn’t say anymore, Aggie’s lips were already on his.  She had noticed his predicament and thought to herself, whoa there Dwarg...you’ve still got a lot to learn... I’ll decide how you transfer over to me.
-oOo-
Edna looked up at the rear view mirror to see Aggie’s head on Alex’s shoulder, both were sound asleep. She smiled and said out loud, “Welcome back Dwargles..you little shithead.” Aggie stirred, and moved her arm, enough for Edna to notice that she had just been given the bird.
The agents following behind could only guess as to why the Kellor’s Hummer swerved unexpectedly. Well that confirms it I guess, Edna thought, what a long day it’s been for all.  I’ll have to add a little something to my coffee when I get home, oh better feed the dogs to keep them from barking; just look at those kids; they really need their sleep.  Well here we go again Edna, on the rollercoaster... just like old times.
-oOo-
Earlier that day Alex had driven for far too long without proper rest and recuperation.  He had a leg-stretch in Philadelphia where he outfitted himself with a good selection of all weather clothing and hence only stopped briefly at roadside diners along the way, refuelling himself and his car. After his last burger, he again laid the Goomeri on his hand;  and although he could now see small snow flurries along the Interstate, it pointed him to North; the direction of warmth.
Dwarg and Slig again went over their plans of action.  Slig would remain with the Human Alex and Dwarg would enter Aggie.  They had worked out various codes, scenarios and time lines. “Slig remember to always be wary of unpredictable emotions. May I recommend that you study these facets carefully, you may use them to your advantage, but if you become foul of them, you may well be rejected or denied;  even become trapped.”
“Will you tell your Human about me?”
“I must;  and even though I have vast knowledge of Aggie, I still cannot predict of her reaction when she learns of your presence; and this is my point about those emotions.”
“Your guidance will see it accepted.  Will our Humans reproduce?”
“Ah Slig, that answer lies in a matrix of numerous Human emotions.  Remember, reproduction is second only to survival in their makeup.  It is very powerful.  Now shall we again go over all things that a male human expels from his system?”
“Dead skin cells – check, Hair – check, Perspiration – check, tears – check, ear wax – check, nasal discharge – check, spittle – check, urine – check, faeces – check, blood from wounds – check.”
“Yes, good Slig;  watch you don’t get expelled with these.  Oh, as to the matter of reproduction; I must explain about another discharge which is endemic to a male human...”
-oOo-
Moos and Mool each took turns at scratching the front door with their paws.  They knew their pack leaders were inside, and daylight had been here for a while – yet the door had not been opened; they needed to greet their masters each morning, as had been the case for many years. Mool began a high pitched howl, much like the wild coyote of the wilderness.  These dogs were only a chromosome away from being wolves, yet served Aggie and Edna with companionship, security and were considered part of the Kellor family. As puppies, they would do those things that pups do;  make messes, chase birds, squirrels and chipmunks, dig holes and fetch sticks and balls.  As they grew, they became set in the routine of the household, knew when the food would come, knew when Aggie wanted to walk to her place of solitude further down the Turner Trail and more recently, prove to the security agents that they were quite capable of protecting their own masters.  Unfortunately Aggie seemed to have less time to spend with them, but apart from some mild fretting and pining, they were not altogether having a bad existence.
Occasionally, Edna would yell at them when they were misbehaving (it took her ages to train them not to try and round-up Midge the mailman and try to eat his motorcycle). Edna once yelled at them so loudly that her throat hurt for days;  that was when a stray moose was trampling her herb garden. Moos and Mool went berserk and it was the closest time that Edna came to picking up a stick to beat them away from the large moose, who seemed not too agitated and took it’s time leaving the area.
Moos now tilted his head back and commenced his own whine, but it was cut short as Edna opened the door and bellowed, “Shut-up ya darn yapping – darn dogs! People are trying to sleep in here; go on, git. The dogs danced around in delight and Edna saw their happiness (even the smiles) on their faces. She reached into a plastic box just inside the front door.  “Settle down now, shush shush, here’s some dried pig’s ears; go away and chew...and do it quietly.”  Through the snow, each carried a piece of the delicious chewy rind, away to their cosy kennels.”
“Good morning Aunt” said Aggie, “I see you have Mister Bentley tucked in on the lounge;  I think he’ll be out cold for a few hours yet.  Coffee’s on?”
“Oh, our princess is a little blasé this morning? Yes, and  toast’s on as well.  Now don’t you dare keep me waiting and needing me to ask questions; I haven’t slept a wink since we came home; I want to know everything sweetheart...now sit and deliver.”
Chapter Seven
Only a few hours before, Dwarg indeed did enter Aggie through that kiss. She had avoided an awkward standoff with Alex Bentley and despite her well rehearsed words, tossed caution aside and took up the initiative (not that Alex rejected or complained about this beautiful girl’s advances). Even after Aggie knew Dwarg was onboard, she could not resist continuing with the kiss.  Alex on the other hand had mixed feelings; he was engulfed in sensual raptures, yet became physically weakened as Aggie’s lips finally left his. Dwarg had left him... and Slig.
Dwarg fluxed around his host – he found small changes and minor wounds to heal, but physically, Aggie was perfect and had developed substantially into Human womanhood.  Her reception was warm and welcoming, however she had some points for him to consider, the first of which was his failure to say goodbye to her at the LHC. You just left me at some point then and I felt so alone – and empty. Yes, I know I wanted to be cold and calculating when it was time for you to leave, but you could have told me the exact point. I only realized it after I became weak and feeling a bit sick. Ok, forget about that – what’s with the Alex Bentley caper?  What am I supposed to do with him? And Professor Lien has gone missing. And the Aura? How long before you leave me again, don’t make yourself too comfortable – I’m not going to go through all that pain and heartache again. And why haven’t you contacted or left some message for me in the last seven years?”
Dwarg had some difficulty answering Aggie’s questions in any logical sequence.  She was obviously anxious and tired and her emotions were mixed...and were, to him, in a high state of confusion.
Aggie you must rest and recover your strength;  your words to Alex Bentley would be appropriate to our situation now. I have left him and he will be frail for some hours;  he also needs some recuperation.
Back then, Alex only just enough strength to step into Edna’s Hummer, prop himself in the back seat and immediately fell asleep. “I’ll hop in the back as well Aunt; I just want to keep an eye on him.”
“Of course you do, princess.”
-oOo-
Edna was taping her fingers on the kitchen table waiting for the toast to pop-up and gave Aggie that well known look of don’t keep me waiting. “Well aunt,” said Aggie sipping her coffee, “For the last few years, Dwarg and other Whisps have been busy making a repelling barrier around the earth to keep out space bugs which may damage the planet.  You know they use the phatets from our neutron pulsing machines as the building materials?”
“Yes yes Aggie; boring; what’s the deal with Space Boy there on the lounge?”
“Phew; I’m still trying to come to grips with that.  Seems Dwarg came to him much the same way as he did with Daddy; this time he was ingested with some glucose in the Space Station.  Don’t exactly know why he chose Alex; the only bachelor, I suppose...and something you mentioned to him once, about coming back in the body of a young hunk?”
“Er, I might have said something like that before he left.”
“Anyway he used Alex as a vehicle to find me.  Apparently, and I’m still at a loss to completely  understand it, Whisps cannot contact the physical world, I mean actual touch and feel, unless they themselves become physical. He’s tried many times to contact me from his Aura without success;  it’s all to do with dimensions which are much too complicated to attempt to understand. Alex has no knowledge of Dwarg’s presence, yet he does acknowledge a sensation which Dwarg does not understand. Anyway that sensation made it easier for Dwarg to find me.  Alex is not under Dwarg’s control, but Dwarg has been able to subtly suggest ways and means of direction. Alex is not a prisoner or zombie; he has just been guided by curiosity and some other force unknown to either.”
“Can we keep him anyway?” asked Edna with a smile.
“Well I did promise Mr Bentley a full explanation.  I fear he’ll take off running when he hears it.  Oh another thing aunt, he has his own Whisp inside him.”
At that very instant, the toaster popped up, nearly stopping Edna’s already heavy pulsing heart.
“What the f..flamming flimflams of fire did you say?  Another ET? In that guy? Ya got to be kiddin girl.  No way; surely that’s against the law; ya telling me we’ve now got two little shitheads under our roof? Hell’s bells Aggie, what’s going on here? Do we need to tell Border Security?” Aggie had not seen Edna in such a state since their arrest in the Art Museum in Paris.
“Please Aggie, when you want to drop a bombshell in my lap, it’s perfectly Ok to be a little more gentle, I’m getting on a bit, you know.”
“Sorry aunt, I couldn’t think of a softer way; and how do you think I feel about it?”
“How do you feel about it?”
“Still coming to grips with it; I’ve put Dwarg straight to work trying to figure out what happened to the professor; you know, with his DNA surfing, so we can talk privately now; without his conscious presence.”
“Aw God, this is so getting out of hand; I really don’t know what to think Aggie...now what?  Darn dogs yapping again.”
She looked out the front window to see the security vehicle coming into the driveway followed by old Bruce’s truck and the Sheriff’s car.  Bruce and Cody had spent the early hours on the road outside Guilford and found Alex’s Corvette. Cody, being eager to please everyone, (and not wanting any bad reports about his arrest of a NASA officer) thought that this little gesture may give him some Brownie points with the District Supervisor.
Edna, with unmistakable gestures, made the visitors aware that they were to be quiet as she had very tired people in the house who were still asleep.  She apologised that she could not invite them in for breakfast, but insisted that all of them go directly to the Putney Diner and have a no limit hearty meal.  “I’ll ring Barbara and tell her to expect you all.”
Bruce offloaded the rescued car and handed Edna the bill, “Ahl jist take dis offen the loan iffen ya like Edna.”
“Fine with me Brucey; everything all right with his car Cody?”
“Yep, his wallet and cell phone were still on the front seat and judging by the take-out cups, wrappers and containers, he must’ve driven up from New Orleans without too many stops; here’s his starter control jimmy thingy.”
-oOo-
Alex stirred.  He heard the sound of engines, car doors opening and closing, the sound of icicles falling from the gables, the muffled voices and the occasional yapping from dogs outside.  He didn’t want to open his eyes until he could recall exactly all the events leading up to this moment.  He was under a cover, warm, comfortable and yes, he felt... happy.  He remembered the Sheriff’s office and...that’s right, that beautiful girl kissing me...wow oh wow.  After that everything was just a blur...I remember stumbling into a big car...Oh yes, Edna was the lady and she was the driver...and Aggie, yes Aggie came and sat beside me on the back seat. I remember being very tired and sleepy, remember wading through the snow to a house, two excited dogs and Edna helped me to a couch... Oh yes, she told me that the restroom was off to the left and to just call out if I needed anything. Ok, as much as I’m cosy, guess I’d better get up and see what it’s all about; well, maybe after a few more minutes. He managed to reach down and pull the blanket over his head and dozed off to sleep...please God don’t let this be a dream, I want to know more of that girl.
“He drives a nice looking car Aggie, I’ll put his wallet and phone on the coffee table next to him. Now tell me more about Dwarg and this other Whispy character.”
-oOo-
Alex Bentley stirred again;  I feel soo good.  He slowly opened one eye, then the other and looked around. The first thing he noticed was a beautifully decorated hand fan on the wall.  It was made of large white feathers with black tips, strands of threads cascaded from these and a wide band of what looked like soft silk was woven across the ends of the feathers, making it complete.  The background behind the fan looked like a flag.  It was green with what looked like mystical symbols and it was all encased within a highly polished wooden frame. 
Directly below that was a mantelpiece surrounding a fireplace which he noticed had a false fire and he could feel its warmth.  On the mantle, he could see silver framed pictures and photographs. The next wall also had framed pictures and paintings, but what caught his eye were the rich and colourful tapestries of Traditional American designs, hanging off polished carved wooden rods.  They were so vibrant and Alex admired the artistry of the weavers.
He pulled the rug off himself, sat up and stretched; yep, he thought, nothing broken, nothing missing and I can still wiggle my toes. He looked around him. In one corner was a small carved totem pole with grotesque figures atop each other;  they all seemed to stare at him. There were other Traditional artefacts, and a wonderful frame of coloured beading. He could see through the laced curtains across a large window to his right and saw snow outside;  the snow had stopped falling and rays of sunshine reflected off the pure white surface. A jaybird landed on the edge of the roofline causing a blob of snow to fall down. Well, if anything, its sure cosy here, he thought, if this is anything like heaven, count me in.
 He stood up and noticed that his genuine waterproof long legged moccasins, made by genuine Alaskan Eskimos, were neatly placed on a piece of paper, in front of the couch.  He picked them up but decided not to put them on.  He giggled to himself as he read the small tag inside, “made in Shenzhen China, under licence”.  He also saw his wallet, phone and car controller.
As quietly as he could, he stepped across to the mantelpiece to study the photographs.  The first picture, the largest, showed a man in full NASA astronaut rig, holding a small baby in his hands.  He did not need to read the large name tag on the uniform, he immediately knew who that person was; it was Robert Kellor.  Kellor? That’s how Cody called Edna;  Edna Kellor from NASA. He died just before I joined the Academy.  So this is the Kellor family;  that baby must be Aggie; and Edna must be his wife...no...has to be his sister, Cody said Aggie came to live with her aunt later in life. Still doesn’t explain anything.
He studied the next photograph and he could see a very young Aggie, in university regalia, being handed a scroll from an elderly man.  The background banner read University of Oklahoma;  she doesn’t even look like being a teenager in this photo;  yet the graduates in the background do.  Her cloak had some crimson lines on the sleeve and front and she seems the only one to have a black tassel on her cap.
There were some other obvious family photographs, a young lad holding what looked like a guinea pig. It was probably his parents standing behind him.  There was another split picture of a now older Aggie, shaking hands with some VIP.  He must have been a VIP  because there was a crowd of people in the background clapping hands; the other portion of the photo showed that man and Aggie both holding an enormous pair of scissors, cutting a large ribbon.  The person in the next picture who was shaking hands with Aggie was familiar but Alex could not recognize him.  Another photo showed a group of First Nation Americans and he could see Aggie holding hands with someone, probably Edna.  They were all dressed in magnificent and colourful costume and the words on the bottom read “The Big Powwow, Elliot Lake, Canada.” He gave a little whistle as he looked at the next photo; here was the beautiful Aggie as he had seen her a few hours ago, and on her head was the hand of the Dali Llama.  Well this girl really gets around.
The aroma of freshly brewed coffee and toasted bread wafted into the lounge room and he heard muffled voices coming from the next room. He tiptoed into the bathroom and prepared himself for whatever.  Gees Edna must be an Avon Lady; sure has a lot of that stuff stacked here. He remembered the Goomeri Pointing Bone and again laid it along his fingers.  He felt warmth equally, all around;  he knew he had reached Ground Zero. Well, into the fray I go, where I’ll land?...nobody can know. 
“Hey, Misses Kellors! any chance of a cup of coffee for this lost soul?”
Chapter Eight
Purely from habit, Kenneth Armstrong Kain rechecked the straps on his backpack as he felt the little plane lose altitude. He peered through the window to see vast expanses of snow on the ground below.  “We’ll be landing in a few minutes sir.  The tower at Lebanon wanted to let you know, you’ll be picked up directly from the aft airstairs.  I trust you had a pleasant journey.”
“I did and thank you ma’am.”
Ernie Tonges watched the plane touch down and drove the security vehicle to the rear of the aeroplane.  Poor Kenny, he thought,  from one extreme to another, then another 
He opened the car door, tossed Ken’s backpack onto the back seat, and offered his special high-five greeting. “Get in quick, it’s warmer in here; long time between drinks buddy.”
“Never mind that man, what’s with this Eskimo place?  Holy crap it’s damn cold; I’m freezing me balls off;  turn that heater up more will ya.”
“Aw I thought you Special Forces super-bods didn’t feel the cold; getting a little soft are we Kenny?”
“Yea, yea, this better be good, I was in the sauna with the Bopsy twins when I got your message. Shit, with all your people and assets, you still need me to come hold your hand? Gimme a quick low-down.”
They talked as Ernie drove the car to another part of the terminal;  to a large hangar surrounded by a sophisticated fencing system.  A sentry opened the gate, allowing the car to enter the compound.  Huge hangar doors were sliding open as they approached and Ken could see the nose of a small jet aircraft inside.
“Yep Ken, that’s our ride to Algeria; nice plane eh, a Gulfstream G650C; only just released.”
“Algeria? Ok, why not, can we at least stop for a leak?  God I hate cold weather.”
“There’s a nice hot chocolate brew in the hanger;  anyway you’ll soon unfreeze those bones of yours when we get to the Sahara;  nice sunny days out in the desert; I’ve packed my sunscreen, shorts and pith helmet.”
Ken held back a little grin.  He thought, Ernie you dick, you haven’t done your homework old friend; last I looked, the temperature in Southern Algeria was goddamn freezing; it’s winter over there.  This should be good.
Looking around, he didn’t fail to notice the presence of military personnel beyond the terminal. “Do those grunts belong to you as well man?”
“National Guard on Homeland security exercises, courtesy of the Pentagon;  don’t look up, the NASA cameras have facial recognition as well.”
“Wow man, now this is what I call luxury.  Should I take a shower before coming inside? mmm smells like the Yankee Candle factory.”
“Captain Kellor, this is Ken Kain, my partner in crime on this mission;  he’s not too sweet on our cool winters in New England.”  “Ken, this is Jade Kellor, one of the directors of Kellor Resources and pilot extraordinaire.  He’ll be taking us over to Africa.” Both men shook hands.
“Hi Ken, we can have a detailed briefing as soon as we get to cruising altitude;  please make yourselves comfortable gentlemen, I’m sure we have everything you may need.”
oOo-
The three men studied the map of the area surrounding Reggane.  Ernie said, “If the professor was abducted;  and that looks more than likely now;  we need to work out their escape route.  The spooks from AFRICOM report no significant activities in the region and the local police failed to find any sign of tracks.  Still, one has to bear in mind that there was a small sandstorm on the evening of his disappearance.  It’s all too late to get thermal imaging of the site at that time.  Our man on the ground is Aaron Johns, he’s the site and project manager; he was the first to report Professor Lien missing.
“What do we know about him?”
“He’s been with KR for four years.  Harvard graduate and considered to the one of the most brilliant engineers on the planet.  He’s supervised construction on several KR  projects and a workaholic. He’s also a chopper pilot and we use him as a back-up occasionally.  I’ve personally checked his records when he was recruited by Mrs Kellor.  I found nothing of interest, no criminal or even minor infringements on any of his records. I even put him through the GSR and had Doc Hipposlie talk to him; nothing to report.  You know Aaron well don’t you Jade?”
“Yes I do, and he would the last person I would suspect of any wrongdoing;  I’d trust him with my life. Anyway, what possible reason could there be for him to turn rogue?  He’s a very wealthy man, has interests in Kellor Resources and he’s out there, doing the things he absolutely loves doing.”
Ken nodded, but said, “Greed can be a powerful master. Blackmail? Ever considered he might have family being held hostage? I wouldn’t bet my balls that he is altogether innocent. I’ve studied life and culture in North and West Africa, and kidnapping isn’t considered abnormal. What is not kosher is the fact that there has not been any announcement or demand.  That normally comes quickly;  before others get in line to claim responsibility.”
 “Anyway I’ve ordered Aaron to keep all the workers at the site;  I want to interview each and every one of them with my GSR monitor.  They should be happy to stay there for a while, seeing they are getting more pay and allowances for no work.”
“Well while you’re doing that Sherlock, I’ll scout around the site, can you organise a jeep and a driver for me?”
“No problem Ken. Are we flying direct to Reggane, Jade?”
“Yes, Aggie had the foresight to extend the airstrip there. We have our own hangar now, but I can’t stay there; I have to fly on to Switzerland; so it’s drop and run I’m afraid.  Ok, I’d better get back to the cockpit and relieve my co-pilot, she’s probably getting a bit lonely up there.” He gave the duo a lecherous wink as he made his way up the aisle.
“Bit young for a pilot; what money can do I suppose.”
“No, he’s good, I’ve flown with him many times,” he then whispered; “that’s his wife up there. Wait till you see her.  He sure is one lucky bastard. Now I’d better give the Boss a call and give her an update.”
-oOo-
Alex took a deep breath and walked into the kitchen. “Good morning ladies, good to be alive don’t you think?”
Aggie and Edna stood up as he walked in.  “Good morning” both answered in unison. “Please sit here Alex,” a smiling Edna said while pointing to a chair, I’ll get you that coffee, some toast or bagels perhaps?”
“Oh yes please Mrs Kellor;  and Aggie, how are you this fine morning?” He reminded himself that he was quite right in thinking she was the most beautiful creature on the planet. “You’re certainly looking lovely, did you manage some sleep after last night?”
“Thank you, yes I did Alex.  And you?”
“Fantastic; I feel really refreshed and ready to face the world today.  You have a comfortable and cosy place here; I can see the snow outside but not a shiver in sight.”
There was a little pause as their eyes met.  Aggie sat down and said “Alex, about last night; I must apologize for...for my behaviour at the Police Station;  I was out of line and if I’ve upset you or made you uncomfortable, I’m so, so sorry.”
Alex held up his hand to stop her saying any more.  “I really tried hard to push you away didn’t I?  I wouldn’t at all mind if you were out of line again.  What guy in his right mind would complain of a beautiful woman coming up and kissing him? Wow.”
“Here you are Alex” said Edna “please call me Edna;  would you like some jelly on these bagels? or maple syrup perhaps?  or I can warm up some special baked beans for you.  Aggie you look a little flushed.”
“Hush aunt.”
“Maple syrup please;  I’ve had a hankering for that stuff since I left home.  Well, Edna and Aggie, here I am, not a clue why, but I’m sure we can all work it out. Shall I start with my side of the story?”
“Oh thank the spirits, thought Aggie, I really didn’t know where to begin.  He’s not exactly shy, gets right to the point.  He’s so sweet and handsome, not a bad kisser;  not that I’ve had a lot of practice;  wouldn’t mind some more.  Got to remember he has a Whisp inside him.  Dwarg named him Slig.  Slig?...Ah now I remember, that Van Gogh painting for Megan was a gift from a Slig, there’s a story there somewhere.  Just look at his eyes, hazel I think; I’m so tempted to run my fingers through his hair, then maybe give him a light kiss on his neck and then...”
“Aggie...Aggie? are you alright?”
“Oh I’m so sorry Alex;  maybe I didn’t get enough sleep after all;  please continue with your story;  you were saying about your father getting a healer to see you.”
Alex continued with his story, he didn’t leave anything out;  he spoke honestly about his belief in the magical healing powers of old Oskar Bruin.  He even explained about the temptations of that waitress back in Atlanta.  It was the urgency and direction that led him onwards to this place called Putney, the place on the map that the Goomeri pointed to.  “By the way, I tried it out again this morning and as far as I know, this is the place where it wanted me to be.  Oh and I would be very grateful if no one tells my dad about my losing my car in the snow. I’m sure he’d use that against me forever and a day.”
There were smiles, followed by an awkward silence as Alex sipped the coffee; Aggie knew she should begin.  “May I ask a few questions first Alex?”
“Why of course, fire away, anything; I’m all yours.”
Aggie let out a little nervous giggle, then became more serious.  “You say you believe that there may be some type of magic in the world and certain people have powers beyond our comprehension; I totally agree with you. Do you think it’s possible, er, would you say, to put it bluntly, that you may be under a spell of some sort?”
“What?.. like a voodoo spell or a witch’s spell?” That’s a strange question, he thought, yet something strange was happening and there certainly was that compulsion to travel to parts unknown.  Am I really in control of myself? God don’t let her be one of those old ugly hags who entices young men and sucks the life out of them while their faces melt away to green slime. Whoa, snap out of it man.
Aggie replied, “Well perhaps not as we read about;  but there are other things that could be seen as, umm... enchantment.  For instance we know that there are certain drugs out there that can alter personalities and states of mind, there is hypnosis and post-hypnotic suggestion, and one wonders about those people being miraculously cured by hyped-up faith healers; know what I mean?”
“Sure;  go on.”
“Do you believe in parallel worlds and universes?”
“Phew, our chief astrophysicist at the academy tried to explain it;  seventh dimension stuff;  he also thought there were three more dimensions beyond that, but trying to work those out would fry a human’s brain. Oh, beg your pardon Aggie... parallel worlds?  I honestly don’t know – are you trying to say that there is some sort of spell or a hex on me?”
“I’ll be very honest and open with you Alex, there has been an external influence on you; you must believe me when I say that you have not lost control of your faculties and you are perfectly safe.  Since your walk in outer space, you have acquired an entity, and it is within you.  How do I know?  I have one also;  his name is Dwarg.”
Alex did manage not to spit the mouthful of coffee out. He just looked at Aggie, waiting for her face to turn green and melt away.  Just then, the pink security phone in Aggie’s office rang;  it was Ernie with his progress report. “Please excuse me for a minute, this may be very important.”
“Edna?” Alex looked at her, hoping that she would burst into laughter and say Alex Bentley, smile, you’re on Candid Camera!
Instead she could only nod and put her hand on his shoulder. “Everything will be alright sweetie. Just let a little of it sink in; it took me ages to adjust to Aggie’s Dwarg. One thing, my dear young Mister Bentley, prepare yourself for a roller coaster ride that would make those centrifugal rotors at NASA feel like teeter-totters. More coffee?”  She could see he was in a state of utter confusion, but lifted the coffee pot anyway and poured him another cup.
“Would you mind very much if I have a look at that Goome thing Alex, sounds very interesting; I’m into tribal and traditional ways, as no doubt you would be aware.  It’s from Australia, you say?”
“Er. Oh yes of course, here you are, it’s called a Goomeri Pointing Bone or as Uncle Oskar calls it, da greatest giggermethingy ‘n guider on da planet. He reckons he doesn’t know how or why it works, but I have my doubts. Edna picked it up and immediately went into a mild swoon then stumbled few steps before grabbing hold of the edge of the table. “Good grief, there’s some powerful medicine or force in that little gizmo; may I study it for a while Alex?”
“Be my guest, it’s obviously finished its business with me. May I ask you some questions before Aggie comes back?”
“Sure sweetie, go right ahead.”
“How...er... what am I to think? Am I really possessed? Am I really me?  How the hell do I...?”
“Whoa, easy now young man...let’s start with me asking you a few questions and see where it leads.  Ok?”
“Humm...alright.”
“Just answer yes or no to these questions.  Now firstly;  you thought that your depression began after leaving the Space Station?”
“Er, yes.”
“There was a powerful force of some type compelling you to come to this place; from the other side of the country.”
“Yes.”
“Would it be true to say that since your return to Earth, you have never been physically sick or injured?”
“True, er yes, but that’s only been a few weeks.”
“Would I right in saying that since your return to Earth, you haven’t a spot, scar, mole, freckle, scratch or blemish on your body?”
“I think I’ve gotcha there Edna, got one mother of a scar on my arm.  Cut myself badly falling onto an aquarium, got thirteen stitches, I remember because it was my thirteenth birthday.” He began rolling up his sleeve. “Just have a look at this... er, what the... son of a bitch...it ain’t here, what the?” He looked at Edna who had a knowing smile on her face;  he rubbed his finger over the area where the scar should have been.
He quickly pulled up his trouser pant leg and felt for the scar on his shin and looked down;  it just wasn’t there.  He spread the fingers of his left hand apart;  the little train track birthmark between them wasn’t there.
 “I’m surprised that your little entity didn’t get rid of your tattoo as well. Now, do you remember the TV interview at the Kennedy Space Centre after you landed?”
Alex, still rubbing the inside of his arm replied, “Ugh, please don’t remind me. There must’ve been something wrong with my throat at the time.  All I could manage to say to the press were garbled words like arg, agee, agree,...aggie, Aggie? Yes, I do remember; I was wanting to say Aggie, I was trying to say Aggie, that’s what finally came out. Aggie, Aggie, that’s all I could say for a while.  And now I’m here with Aggie!  Edna, things are starting to make a little sense now.”
He tried to think it through, hunched is shoulders, then added, “well Ok, maybe not.”
“There there, young man, at least we’ve made a start.” Edna knew just what he was going through.
Chapter Nine
“Touchdown at 0700 hours gentlemen.  There’s no scheduled traffic at the strip, so I expect a straight approach and land.  Ernie, I believe Aggie has already alerted the Ministry of National Defence of our presence?”
Ernie replied, “All taken care of Captain;  the Ministers for Energy, Mines and Security have also been briefed;  and so far we have no problem with entering Algerian airspace.  There will be some official to meet us and check us out – they’re no fools and probably already know exactly who we are. Well, this will be my first visit to the mighty Sahara; how’s the weather out there?”
“Overcast, low clouds, winds; slight gusts between 10 and 20, temperature outside 46 degrees, sunrise in about 30 minutes, expected maximum temperature today.56 degrees.”
“Shit; that is damn hot; you did say 56 degrees?”
“Yes, that’s 56 Fahrenheit. If you prefer Celsius it would be 13 degrees.”
“Er, oh yes of course it is.” His mind was frantically checking out his inventory of clothes packed; nothing even close to thermal-ware.  “Umm, the local township Jade, would they have a clothing store or market?”
“Yea they sure do, but not open today;  a culture thing.”
Ken could not prevent a hearty belly laugh. “Thought of everything have we Mister Ernie Tonges?...at least your pith helmet will keep the snow off ya ugly head.”
-oOo-
Abdulmalek Belkhemha watched the Gulfstream approach and land as the sun was coming up.  He followed its progress as it taxied to the Reggane Terminal.  The high pitched and powerful whine of the engines decreased as the aircraft came to a stop. He saw a ground attendant race over to the plane and positioned what looked like old fashioned World War One wheel chocks onto this state of the art twenty-first century, aeroplane. Abdul was the official, the man, who held a surprising amount of power in this vast area of the Sahara.
As he saw the fuselage door swung down to become a stairway, he re-read his notes, picked up his briefcase, and strode to the plane to meet and greet the visitors from Kellor Resources. He had two armed guards directly behind him.  “Ah Captain Kellor, Sabah el kheer.” He shook Jade’s hand vigorously.
“Salam Abdul, kaifa haloka? Did I say it right?”
“Jayed, bon, yes good; did you have a pleasant flight?’
“Perfect, we had a tail wind most of the way.  May I introduce these men to you;  they are in the employ of Kellor Resources.  This is Mister Ernie Tonges, he is Aggie’s security chief, and this is his assistant Mister Ken Kain. Abdul shook hands with them both.
“Molasharefon;  so pleased to meet you Mister Tonges. So, Mister Kain, how is it with your goddamn sons of bitches rookies back in Fort Bragg? still spitting in your face with the language training?”
Ernie was more than amazed when both went into a hug. “Ahlan sadiqi, maljadeed” replied Ken “and your family?”
“Ah, yes yes, good good.  You look surprised Mister Tonges – yes, I have known Ken from the days of the non-existing black ops of the TSCTP, when, er, certain undesirables had to be shown the error of their ways. My government owes much gratitude to this warrior from the West;  but of course, diplomacy is fickle and we cannot openly apply the laurel of heroism upon his head.”
“I obviously selected the right man for this job sir.”
“Please; it is Abdul.  I fear it will take much effort to find our missing professor; I myself cannot find a trace of him.”
“It would be an honour if you call me Ernie...Abdul. Mrs Kellor has asked for us to assist you and the Algerian authorities in any way we can; er, should we move inside the terminal? I fear we’ve been far too comfortable in the Gulfstream for the last few hours.”
Ken gave Abdul a wink and said “This is Ernie’s first experience of the Sahara;  it’s a shame it’s winter so he won’t get to experience the warmth and sunshine.”
“Would you care to inspect the aircraft and our documents Abdul?  I can assure you everything is in order.”
“No, that will be not necessary Captain – I just need a few of your signatures, but we can do that in my office in the terminal.  Ernie, have you ever partaken of Arabic coffee?  Very enjoyable, I have it boiling on the hotplate inside, just need to add some cardamom and saffron and you will swear that it is a taste meant only for the gods.”
“Anything, as long as it’s warm.”
They all gathered around the large table in Abdul’s office.  A large sentry, holding an AK47, took post outside the door.  “Gentlemen, shall we get down to business? Firstly, Jade, how is young Miss Aggie feeling at this unfortunate time?”
“She’s naturally upset of course; Professor Lien is very dear to her. She wanted to personally come here to be of any assistance; but as you would know, she’s been hobbled by both governments. I have documents of authority from her, giving Ernie a fair degree of autonomy in relation to seeking the return of the professor.”
After more discussion, Jade stood up and said, “Gentlemen, I have to leave you all now.  I need to fly to Lucerne because of other business.  I’ll be in constant contact with Aggie, so if I’m needed, I’m on standby.” He looked out the office window and added, “all your gear has been loaded onto the Bushmaster out there...and I can see my lovely other-half standing at the plane’s steps...with hands on hips. Can’t keep a woman waiting can we?”
Jade shook hands with them all and added, “Oh yes Ernie, Aggie was wanting me to give you this...it’s an Abenaki charm to keep in your pocket.  It’s been specially blessed.  I might add that you should feel very honoured; this medicine has never been given to anyone outside the tribe before.”
 “Well thank you; I do feel honoured Jade, thanks very much.”
“And Abdul;  ma’a salama, bellawfeeq.”
“And blessings on you and your house young Kellor.”
Back in the Gulfstream, Phoebe had begun her check list of procedures to fire-up the aircraft, which she loved dearly. Jade came aboard and pushed the airstep retractor button. He called out to her, “honey, I’m home!”  She was a little impatient;  after all, there was shopping to be had in Lucerne and those stores would be opening in an hour or so.
“Doors locked. Now, my little squaw; let me take you away from the Kasbah.”
“Check;  and keep your hands on the controls captain;  well at least till Hal has taken over.” Hal was the automatic pilot.
“Jade, do you think those men will find Professor Lien?”
“I really hope so honey, he’s such a wonderful man;  I lived with him for a while when we were setting up a plant in Mongolia. He’s getting a bit frail. If we lose him, we may well lose Kellor Resources;  he’s that important to us all.”
Back in the terminal, the three men sipped the wonderful warm and strong coffee as they watched the Gulfstream taxi away; they again sat down and resumed their discussion.
-oOo-
With eyebrows raised, Edna looked up at Aggie as she returned from her office, “Any more news sweetheart?”
“Ernie is in Reggane and he’s met up with the local authorities, I presume that means Abdul.  All we can do now, is to wait and let him do what he does best.”
“And Dwarg?”
“Still looking as well aunt. More coffee Alex? As you can see, we have some drama involving the family business.  In a nutshell, one of our people, a very close friend, has gone missing in Algeria.  He’s working for Kellor Resources setting up a power unit in the Sahara, and we’re thinking that he may have been kidnapped.”
“Kellor Resources? That is you guys? holy crap, er beg your pardon, but that bit of info came out of left field as well as the other stuff I’m trying to come to grips with.”
“I was telling Alex about the strange things that have happened to him in the last few weeks; and he still hasn’t run away.  Your car is just outside Alex, and you should know we can’t stop you from leaving.”
“Er, oh yes, sorry, I saw it outside and didn’t think any more about it;  oh you’ve gone to a lot of trouble to rescue me, thanks so very much guys; I’m still in utter confusion though;  to be honest I don’t know where to turn...and I see you’ve got problems of your own as well.”
Aggie and Edna bumped into each other in reaching over to put a calming hand on him.
“Aggie...you were explaining about my entity, please tell me more?”
Aggie picked up his hand then held it between hers. “We were talking about parallel worlds; the seventh dimension stuff.  Imagine for a minute that such worlds exist but instead of everything being an exact reflection of ours, there may be differences. Those differences may just be minor ones or huge. Maybe the creatures of each world have no knowledge of the other...maybe they do.”  She stared into his eyes looking for a hint of understanding.  A little nod would do darling, I know this is so hard for you to accept.
“So you think my entity, and yours, is from another world, an ET, a gremlin goblin from planet ZitherDeltaTwo?” He was smiling as he said it but quickly realized, by the expression on the women’s faces, that he had come close to, or had even crossed, a line.
Aggie simply replied.“Yes.”
He moved uncomfortably on his chair; thank God she’s holding my hand, I think I’ve got the heebie-jeebies.
“Tell me all about your... your Dwarg, was it?”
Edna patted him on his back. “This will take some time sweat pea... Aggie why don’t you show Alex around the house and the guesthouse while you tell him. I have slab of venison to cut up for tonight’s dinner anyway...off you go...shoo. Alex I would love for you to stay with us for a while.”
“Thank you, I’ll go put on my expensive Chinese imitation moccasins. Er, Aggie?”
“Oh sorry Alex,” she said as she let go of his hands.
They strode into the lounge room, she sat down beside him while he tried to wriggle into his high legged moccasins. “My father was Robert Kellor, an astronaut, you may have heard of him...”
She tried very hard to keep her story clear and in chronological order. She wanted to be particularly precise in explaining how she and Dwarg had met, literally on her deathbed; how he had instantly cured her of the leukaemia, had given her heightened intelligence, and a wonderful life.
She told him of Dwarg’s ability to travel via a human’s DNA, his strengths and weaknesses, his difficulties with the digital technology of our age and his clumsy efforts in understanding emotions. Aggie told of the amazing things they did together, and that after seven wonderful years, he had to return to his own world. She did survive without his presence, but always had a shadow of emptiness.
After looking around the homestead, Edna’s garden, the huge lawn-locker and the variety of bird boxes that Edna had created, they walked along the path to the guest house. “Holy cow Aggie, this is quite the pad.  Wow.”
“I’ll just switch the power on, it’s a bit cool in here. Normally we have someone or other come stay here. Our last guest was the Algerian Ambassador and his wife.  He was a real nice person and he loved fishing in the Connecticut River, down past the weir, with Ed who’s a close friend of Aunt Edna. We took Faa’na, the Ambassador’s wife, around the country-side looking at yard sales. It was so funny seeing this fabulously wealthy woman, haggling for things that were only worth a few cents.  She had such a wonderful time and had us in stitches when she proudly presented her husband with a pre-loved, near new, black Texan Stetson.  She had bargained for a long time with old Wanda from the trailer park for that hat and finally they settled on a price.  The Ambassador absolutely loved it; so much so that he even wore it travelling back to Washington and then to the chamber within the UN building.  When he asked how much she had paid for it, she replied ‘twenty-five’.  He happily passed over $2500. It only cost her a quarter...she was so happy and looked so triumphant.”
“Aggie, your smiles make me feel warm inside.”
“Ah, if you like, you can stay in here until you work everything out;  you’ll find it has everything you may need.”  He raised his eyebrows and Aggie thought to herself Oh heavens Aggie watch what you say girl.
“Aw what? Even a sauna and spa?  yeehaw! Aggie, I’m going to burst if I don’t touch you  do you mind?” He didn’t wait for a response as he reached out to touch and caress her hair, and then gently stroked her cheeks with the back of his trembling hand.  She moved his hand away; to her lips and kissed it.
 “Alex, at this point, the time’s not right.  I do have..feelings for you, believe me, but there are things that have to be sorted out first. It’s important that you understand what’s going on.”
“I’ll go along with anything you say lovely lady. Now then; this is the master bedroom? hmm love the mauve colour scheme and a..nice..firm mattress.”
Aggie was blushing, “And further down this corridor..the entertainment centre, it has an en-suite as well, and we managed to salvage and restore those old fashioned theatre bench seats from Brattleboro.  Phew, I think the thermostat needs adjusting, it’s getting too warm don’t you think.”  She waved a hand in front of her face and strode back to the kitchen, Alex followed like a puppy. 
“The refrigerator is well stocked Alex and over here is the food larder.  Here’s the microwave, the coffee machine and the dishwasher. The water may take a while to heat up, just let it run; do remember that before you jump under the shower.” For a fleeting moment, Aggie pictured him standing there naked, holding the shower curtain open;  his arm and hand were outstretched. towards her.
She shook her head. Hell’s Bells Dwarg; I’m getting weak; get your ass here quick.. I need you..now!
Chapter Ten
It was a rough and long road leading to the construction site, it was mostly up-hill and all were happy to exit the large Bushmaster.  The project was high upon a small mesa.  Ernie whistled as he saw the panorama around him.  “I can see for miles and miles and miles.  Is that Reggane over there Abdul?”
“Indeed, and to the left is the airport we left from.  It is overcast now and the view is extensive, but in mid- summer, it is near impossible to see beyond the ridge. When you study the map, you will see that this mountain ridge forms a crude unbroken wall, around an enormously deep and extended valley.  Miss Aggie has chosen this place well.”
“Ah, here is Mister Aaron.”
Aaron Johns was happy to see them.  He had been thrown into a situation not to his liking;  he was carrying the weight of the entire enterprise on his shoulders, he was the default top dog, and although he was quite capable of carrying out the remainder of the construction, he needed the expertise and guidance of Professor Lien, Hell I’m an engineer not a physics geek. Yes, he was delighted to see this delegation from KHQ.  Hallelujah some relief at last, he thought.
“Aaron, good to see you again;  may I introduce Mister Ken Kain;  he’s a private consultant and helping us in this matter.”
“Very pleased to meet you Ken.  And Abdul, Ahlan sadiqi, maljadeed, and welcome Ernie, please, this way. We have refreshments in the Mess Hall and the temperature is fairer inside. Ernie, we have a store with suitable clothing for this weather;  you look a bit chilled in those shorts.”
“That was one hell of a drive getting here Aaron;  I thought we had two choppers.”
“Yes we have.  The SkyLifter is tied down at our site helipad over there, and the Osprey is in Algiers.  Sorry you had to rough it by road;  the thing is, last week Professor Lien had ordered a no fly zone of 80 miles around us, so it’s had to be road transport.”
“Well I guess you want to start straight away Ernie.  I’ve set up a room for your office and let me be the first to volunteer for your Lie Detector examination.”
“And then my little group of sentries please,” suggested Abdul, being eager to show his willingness to co-operate, “they are some of the finest security guardians in Algeria.”
-oOo-
“Mister Ernie, I must get one of these machines for myself;  it would be so much better than stretching racks, electrodes and sodium pentothal.” Abdul was admiring Ernie’s Galvanic Skin Resistance Monitor.
“You’re welcome to have this one when I’ve finished here.  It’s really only a supersensitive resistance meter that picks up abnormalities in peoples’ brain waves, especially if one lies;  a souped up lie detector, I like it and no one has ever fooled it.”
The queue of workers and contractors became shorter and by lunchtime, the last of the labourers had been interviewed. It was a quick and short interrogation;  the worker was invited to sit down and was asked for permission to be interviewed...with a lie detector attached.  A soft padded clamp was then placed on the index finger and the process began.
The same questions were asked of each;  and they were short, simple and direct. “Do you know anything about the professor’s absence?”  “Do you know of anyone who may know about the professor’s absence?”  “Do you have any grievances against this company or its supervisors or other employees?”  “Have you been approached by any other organization or person to provide information for them?”
The latter question was deliberately omitted when Ernie interviewed Abdul’s security guards;  he knew they would fail miserably;  and it was a courtesy to Abdul 
“You have a happy crew here Ernie;  all passed your tests;  and we still dance in the wind-storm with eyes open. My office also, has nothing to report. Perhaps our Special Forces warrior will have some fortune out there on the ground.”
“Abdul, may I ask you; do you know exactly what the professor was working on? I mean the process?”
“Ah, let me answer you with your stimulating electron pulse clamp on my finger Ernie.”
“No, no, I didn’t mean anything, I didn’t mean to imply anything, I...”
“I would think you inefficient, my friend, should you not question me...here, it is on; go ahead, ask me again.”
“Do you know what the professor was working on, just before he disappeared?”
“Yes sir”
“What was he working on Abdul?”
“Ah, that question Ernie...I can only answer after I ask you some questions...using your machine.”
Both men laughed, then Ernie placed the clamp on his finger, Abdul calibrated the monitor and asked much the same questions as had been asked of the workers – plus; “Ernie, do you know exactly what the professor was working on just before he disappeared?”
“Yes I do. I was briefed by Aggie Kellor personally, before coming here.” He reached into his backpack and passed over Aggie’s letter of authority.
“Ah yes, Ambassador Amine has already contacted me about this letter.”
Abdul reached over and again clamped his own finger and invited Ernie to adjust the GSR.  “To answer your question Mister Ernie; the professor was working on a secret side project.  He was building a capacitor that would attract and absorb and store electro-radiation. Ah yes, lovely radio-active contamination – an abundant and poisonous resource left to our nation and our future generations, by the French colonialists.” He turned his head and spit on the floor. “Mister Rienus nicknamed the capacitor the FRENCH VC; his Fancy Radioactive Energising Nuclear Collector and Harvester Vacuum Cleaner – ha ha.” He continued, “I believe he was on the verge of the first official test trial.”
“Ernie, you know that Reggane was the epicentre of many atmospheric atomic blasts back in the 1960s – and many more North of here at Adrair.  Those were mainly underground and in tunnels in the mountains. If that capacitor machine works, it would be an effective, and brilliant, way to clean-up this entire area. A lot of our country has been wrecked by irresponsible and selfish imperial vandalism. Kellor Resources have also promised to provide clean water which would be a by-product of the process – so everything associated with this project is wonderful. I know it, and so does our President, Prime Minister and only a few others...the capacitor is truly a well kept State secret. In the eyes of my compatriots, Kellor Resources is going to provide the nation with clean electrical power, virtually for gratis; they do not know yet of the vacuum cleaner or the water.”
Ernie turned the GSR off and removed the clamp. “Abdul I guess there would be a lot of people not wanting this installation to be a success;  most of the oil and gas producers, in fact the entire hydrocarbon industry, the Germans with their super solar farm up north, your friends to the East and South, and we can’t discount the Salafists either.”
“True, and a camel’s pox on them and Al Qaida. You see our country is one of the more stable in Africa, but we are still plagued with uprisings, intrigue and disharmony. I must admit that this matter with the professor has me boobombled Ernie.”
-oOo-
Aaron had been showing Ken around the site, and pointed out things of interest, the huts, caravans and buildings.  “That is the block Professor Lien has been working in for the last few days.  He often worked well into the night.  It was just after midnight when I saw him leave. I was outside, drinking some hot chocolate at the time; I only looked towards his direction because he must have slammed the security door.  He was heading to his cabin, over there.  I also headed off to my own digs; over there.  Next morning I didn’t see him at the Mess for breakfast; very unlike him to miss breakfast.  I asked a few of my people if they had seen him, none had.  That’s when I went to his cabin.  He wasn’t there and it looked like he didn’t spend the night there at all.”
“His Harley Trike was still under a tarp, I felt the motor; it was cold.  I looked for tracks but there had been a small sandstorm in the early hours.  I alerted Abdul’s security guards and we gathered more people and had a sweep of the whole site.  Nothing.  We then widened our sweep around the outer perimeter of the base; still nothing. That’s when I contacted Abdul via the consulate in Algiers to report the matter.  Gees. I hope Ernie and his toy can gleam some information out of our people.”
“Aaron, could it be remotely possible that it may have been someone else that you saw leaving the building?”
“No, I saw Rienus clearly. There is a sensor light outside on the security door; it lit up and I saw his face; I guess I should have hollered “goodnight” or something, but I kept sipping the chocolate and watched him walk towards his cabin.  I lost sight of him when the security light went off; but he was definitely heading in the direction of his hut.”
“How was the night, full moon, half?”
“Er, quarter I think, anyway it was overcast and rather dark, but just light enough for me to find my way back to my cabin. The only noise was the hum of the generator and some music coming from another van; it was Credence Clear Water Revival; that’s right.. the song was Have You Ever Seen the Rain.  I thought that was funny at the time.”
“Did the professor carry a torch? You did say it was quite dark that night.”
“Yes, he has one of those torches with the two hundred LEDs; I don’t think he turned it on after the security sensor light went off;  maybe he did, after I turned away.  Come to think of it, the torch wasn’t in his cabin in the morning.”
“And the building he was working in;  nothing out of the ordinary?”
“No the security identification plate recorded Professor Lien’s sign-out at 2444.  I checked the log; nothing out of place or unusual. I also checked the times when the security light at the doorway went on and off;  it recorded 2445 on and 2446 off.”
Ernie and Abdul, came to join them as they strolled around the camp. Abdul explained that he had to return to the provincial capital.
“The powers are getting nervous and restless my friends; I need to convince them that we are doing everything possible to solve this mystery.  It would be a national disaster and tragedy if Kellor Resources mean to abandon this enterprise.”
“I will return gentlemen, in a matter of days and hope to be of any assistance;  adios amigos!”
They watched him climb into a Range Rover with his security guard and waved as he drove away.”
“Kenny?”
“He’s the real deal Ernie, you don’t have to worry about him. Anything from the troops Ernie? found any speakers of untruths?”
“Absolutely nothing, but at least I can rule out some of my theories;  and you?”
“Not much.  Aaron can you take us to the spot where you were standing... where you last saw the professor?”
They walked further. Aaron pointed down to a spot, “I was here.  If you look over there, a few feet to the right of that door;  that’s where I saw him walking as the security light went off.  From here I went back into the mess hall, washed my cup and walked back to my cabin.”
Ernie said, “Aaron sometimes our brain absorbs things that our memory cells deem unimportant.  Sorry for sounding patronizing, but do you mind if we retrace your steps back to your place as you remember them, but let’s do it in slow motion;  like replaying a movie. I know it’s weird, just humour us a while....you turned back and went into the mess hall...”
“Yes, there was a night-light inside; we have continual water for tea and coffee on the boil in the mess.  I didn’t turn any other lights on because I could see enough to get to the sink.  I walked over to it, and turned the hot water tap on....closed the magnetic insect screen; walked here...”
They followed behind him, step by step, right back to the door of his cabin.
“Well I got to here, undid the latch, opened the door and reached for the light switch, and....oh, yes;  I just remembered.  Just at that moment I saw a flash of light around me;  well not really around me but rather in the sky. It wasn’t a bright flash like a camera or a spotlight;  it was much like the light that comes from distant lightning or a lighthouse on the horizon;  you know, when it’s soft yet noticeable.  It was very fast.  I remember turning around to see what it was but saw nothing and didn’t think more of it.”
“There was no noise? A rumble of distant thunder perhaps?”  Aaron shook his head.  Ernie scratched his ear and said, “You know it would make sense if a helicopter had picked him up and taken him away.  It would account for the little sandstorm covering the tracks and that mysterious light; but my problem is noise...no one heard any noises.”
Ken said, “Well it’s the best clue so far Ernie.  Aaron, can we get some volunteers with brooms, soft bristle ones if possible. We need a clean sweep of the area in question, and I mean literally.  If a chopper did land, it certainly would have needed lights and must have left an impression on the ground.  Looking at the terrain over near the professor’s cabin, we have two patches that would be suitable for a chopper landing;  I think if we lightly dust the surface we may just find a clue.”
After many hours; no clue was forthcoming.
Chapter Eleven
It’s taking all my strength not to reach out and touch him; what should I do Dwarg?  am I wrong to have this desire and these... feelings? I’ve never had these sensations before; are you trying to manipulate me in some way?
Dwarg was confused. You know you have choices Aggie; I cannot do anything without your acceptance.  These emotions are strange to me also. There is great movement within, which is causing behavioural changes; pheromones are activating the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis. This in turn is triggering a secretion of gonadotropin which influences gonadal hormone emission.  In other areas, I ...” “Ok Dwarg; just go back and keep looking for Professor Lien!”
“Sorry, what did you say Aggie?  Did you say Dwarg?”
“Ah, oh never mind.” She turned to face him, placed her hands on his shoulders, took a deep breath and said,  “Alex...hold me?”
They embraced and their lips met.  Alex picked her up and retraced their steps...back to the master bedroom.
-oOo-
“Dwarg, since your absence I have learnt much.  This Human;  I shall refer to him as Alex;  appears to be a suitable host.  I am aware of his unstable emotions currently in use;  I will not interfere with his copulation with your Aggie, but require information about any subsequent aspects of the resulting seeding and fertilization process.”
“Yes, that will take some time Slig, and a matter we should discuss at our next physical meeting.  Because of the variation of all these chemical and electrical hormonal activities, I cannot be accurate as to the exact process. What I do know is that the copulation currently in progress will not result in fertilization.”
“So Dwarg, you have chosen a defective male Human for me?”
“He is fertile.”
“Aha Dwarg... that was my first use of humour in the physical.”
“Slig, there is so much to be learnt here;  I do not know how long these extreme emotions will continue. I foresee that you will have direct communication with Alex shortly in time, as Aggie is in the process of conditioning him for acceptance. Remember the approach, do not be authoritive or assertive in your attitude; he must believe you are not a threat to him. Do you require more information in knowing your Alex better?”
“I have questions relative to the instrument he refers to as the Goomeri.  I have attempted to examine it, but I am repelled by some force when I come near it.  Have you, in some way, re-arranged its structure?”
“I merely used it as an opportunity of awareness within Alex.  I did not inspect it or know of its properties;  this I will attempt to investigate.  Slig, do you now feel the intensity of the emotions of our hosts?  I fear the peak is at hand.  We shall meet again at the next copulation.”
“If, at that time, Alex has accepted me; that meeting will be of certain interest.  Yes I feel.  I must flux elsewhere, before I am ejected.”
-oOo-
“Am I hurting you Aggie?..I...I didn’t realize...Aggie?”
“Shush darling...don’t stop...hold me tighter and love me, you beautiful man from heaven.”
Alex was in a state of complete ecstasy. Honest God, if you strike me down now, I can’t complain; and please, please let this not be a dream, or if it is, please don’t ever wake me up.
Edna looked through the window at the guesthouse. Hmm, the kids have been there for a while now;  seems they can’t keep their hands off each other;  Aggie has always been in control of her emotions;  but this guy...this...this Adonis; I couldn’t blame Aggie if she jumped his bones.  And what about Dwarg?  ha ha  that little critter must be getting stirred up...literally, ha ha. 
After two hours or so, Edna again looked toward the guesthouse and noticed the rising ripple of heatwaves issuing from the chimney over the spa/sauna room. Well it looks like they’re getting to know each other better. Better put the roast on; they’ll be needing a lot of protein.
The thermo-sensor kept the temperature within the sauna room hot and humid. Beads of perspiration from both naked bodies had turned into little rivulets. They mixed and continued to run downwards, and again turned into beads as they dripped onto the floor of the sauna. Aggie was cuddled into Alex;  both were silent for a long time, each equally trying to come to grips with what had just happened.  Finally Alex gently moved Aggie’s hair aside and kissed her on the back of her neck. 
“Aggie, you are my life.  It’s you I’ve been searching for; not just since the space station, but ever since I was born.  I won’t deny I’ve had relationships and affairs, but nothing comes even close to this...to this... thing, that I’m feeling now.  My dad always said I’d know instantly when I see the one; my one true love. I laughed at him and now I have to apologize and say I met her yesterday. Aggie, I’d never believe I’d be saying this; and meaning it; but sweet Aggie, I’m in love; I’m in love with you.  I don’t care if you tell me I’m under a trance or spell or other hocus-pocus; I don’t care.  I love you. I love you so much, my heart aches.”
If Dwarg was confused as to the interpretation of her emotions, Aggie had similar problems.  She had thrown caution away and given in to her desires;  gees, I’ve only known him for a matter of hours and I’m under his spell...spell? no, it couldn’t be a spell, I’ve my own free will. I want to give my all to him;  and I want all of him. Aunt said I would know when ít was right;  ‘just follow you heart Aggie’  so this is love, I am so in love, and I love him so.
She whispered into his ear, “I love you Alex.”  Aggie wanted to tell him more, and there was so much he needed to know, about her, about Dwarg and Slig and the Aura, her family, her culture, Kellor Resources and poor Professor Lien. Instead she also whispered, “Darling, no more talk; just hold me.”
-oOo-
Edna picked up the Goomeri Bone again.  More flashes of people and places;  she didn’t recognize who or where.  The people she saw were dark and naked, they were Native people and the environment around them was coloured in hues from oranges to browns.  The land looked hot, dry and wild with rugged barren mountains in the background.  Some of the people turned to look directly at her, as if she had just appeared to them.  Others were gathered in small groups, some around fires, some sitting together working with their hands, as if sewing or doing craft.  From her studies of other peoples and cultures, Edna recognized them as Australian Aboriginals. Alex’s uncle Oskar is an Aboriginal, she thought. Another strange thing;  Edna could smell the places she saw;  she could smell the heat of the day, a slight breeze which smelt of burning wood, of cooking and even some fine dust. She listened carefully, heard the chirping of insects, soft rustling of leaves and voices, human voices, some children’s’ voices, an occasional high pitched scream, not a scream of pain or terror, but a controlled modulating human voice; then another, from some other place. She moved the Goomeri a little with her finger.  The environment was much the same; yet the next scene she saw was crystal clear.
Standing and looking directly at her was a black woman; she was holding a baby.  She was not naked like the rest, but wore a loose fitting, sleeveless bright red dress. She was barefooted and standing on a little patch of green. To her left was a shack made of tree branches, twigs, leaves and bark; on the floor inside, was a small mound of dried scattered leaves and nothing else.  It had no doors, and Edna could see directly through it. Beyond, she could see a small fire.  The white smoke was billowing upwards, catching the breeze which also blew the matted hair of both the woman and her child. Does that woman know I am here looking at her? Edna put the Goomeri down when she heard the sound of Aggie’s laughter outside.
“Ah, you did know the way back to the homestead; didn’t know if I should have sent out a search party;  out exploring were we? Anyways, I’ve some hot muffins just out the oven.”
Aggie and Alex smiled at one another, they were still holding hands and both knew that Edna must have known.  “Oh aunt, you’re so, so subtle;  not.”
Edna gave out a little giggle.  “Alex, tell me you’re not a vegetarian;  the roast in the oven is, well... it’s a bit bigger than I planned.”
“Ah’m a meat ‘n seafood man, ma’am, hailen from Nu Orleans. Ya can feed me greens ‘n grits but mi stomach yarns a chewing ‘n swallowin of cooked flesh.” Edna thought, Aggie if decide you don’t want that man any more, I claim first dibs on him.
They sat around the kitchen table, and again Aggie held both his hands in hers.  “All right Alex, please let me tell you some more, about communicating with our Whisps. How do you feel about talking..with my Dwarg?”
Alex thought whoa; tread lightly boy, better go along with this; anyway what harm can it do?  “Well I suppose...is he here with you now Aggie?”
“Yes, it will be my voice but his words... and no, this is not like a séance...ready?”
“Er  Ok then.  Hello Dwarg, this is Alex Bentley speaking to you from Aggie’s place, can you hear me?”
Edna cackled.  “Shush aunt;  don’t you remember your first words to him?”
Edna turned to Alex, “If it’s of any help my boy, I’ve spoken with him often; he’s actually got a personality...of sorts.”
“Alex, thank you for your assistance in helping the Whisps of the Aura.  As Aggie has explained, we are in threat of our world becoming damaged and we seek cooperation with the Humans to prevent this.”
Easy, peasy boy..hang in there. “Er Dwarg, exactly where is your world?”
“This planet Earth and our Aura are as one.  Whisps exist between the Earth and its outer atmosphere.  We are beings not of the physical. We exist, not as you know existence, not like the creatures on this Earth who reproduce and evolve. Prior to the now, we did nothing; we only existed.”
“Aggie says that you are an entity within her and I also have an entity, named Slig?  How am I to know him? And why is he a he?”
“Whisps do not have gender. You may care to refer to Slig as a he, a her or an it; it matters not.  I have been with Aggies’s father for ten years and have developed my personality from his psych which was dominant masculine.  Slig requires your acceptance of him before he may communicate with you. You have the choice of this.  May I offer an assurance that you will not be harmed by him and will be safe from illness or injury as long as he is with you.”
“Aggie, how can I accept Slig, just say come on down and there he is?”
Aggie blinked and said, “I’ll let Dwarg answer that one as well Alex.”
“You must invite him internally; with an open mind. He shall introduce himself..if you wish him to be a he. And you will share thoughts and memories.  He will answer all your questions and fill you with information on all matters.”
“Right now, am I under any spell, enchantment or hex?”
“No, not in your understanding of such forces.  You have Slig internally but you have complete self determination and control of your direction and destiny. The recent matter of your seeking to locate Aggie however, was at my suggestion and I did influence certain cortex beta and theta emissions.  This, since your meeting with Aggie has discontinued. The means by which you found her is unclear to me and further information is required.”
“Oh you mean the Goomeri Pointing Bone?”
“More information is required.”
“Can a Whisp die?  Er..let me put it a different way...can a Whisp unexist?”
“Not in the world of the non-physical. A Whisp in the physical world?... this is not known;  only Slig and myself exist within it. I would add, that the destruction of the Aura would see the destruction; the unexistance, of all beings; including Humans and Whisps.”
“What guarantees do you have that I won’t be turned into in a zombie or a tool or a vehicle for some purpose which may be against my knowledge or wishes?”
“Alex, our purpose is to protect the Earth and the Aura.  Aggie will explain more in detail of the processes already in progress. She will explain of the power you possess.”
“Er, a few hours ago, Aggie and I...er...did you have any involvement in the discussion when ...er, never mind;  may I speak with Aggie now?”
Aggie smiled and said, “Aggie to Control;  are you there Alex, love of my life?”
“Please Aggie, don’t scare me.  I still don’t know what to think.  Edna?”
“Coffee coming right up Control...remember...open mind?”
“So I just lay myself down and have a chat with Slig?  gees, I sure wish I had some of dad’s Revenuers’ Revenge right now.” He thought about it, hunched his shoulders and said, “Ok, I’m game;  Aggie, will you stay with me when I try?”
“This is something you must do by yourself love.  I need you to know that any of your thoughts and decisions will be your own;  I will respect anything you finally choose. If you like, you can spend the night in the guest house;  it’s quiet there;  may think clearer, away from us strange and quirky females.”
“Ah...I was very comfortable on the couch last night...and damn it all people...I’m a little nervous and scared at the moment.”
Edna stood up and checked her oven.  “Ha, Dwarg scared the bejeebies outa me when he piped up;  I asked him questions that only I knew the answers to, and then some.  After that, I’ve had no problem with him...the little shithead.”
Alex looked at Aggie with a puzzled look. “It’s Ok love, Edna and Dwarg have their own strange form of communication.”
“Folks, there’s still a couple of hours till dinner. Aggie, have you shown Alex your office yet? And go help him get his gear from his car...g’on...scoot...go let me cook.”
-oOo-
Chapter Twelve
“So, it’s well past the bewitching hour, 40 minutes to be exact.  Ok Ernie, this is the spot where Aaron was having his drink; I’ll go to that building and try to retrace the professor’s last steps according to Aaron.”
“Got your torch Ken?”
“This is one powerful light – it’ll light up a half acre.  Just gimme a hoy when you think I’ve reached the spot.”
Ken strode over to the doorway of the building and indeed, the security strobe light went on and illuminated the area around the door. He slowly turned in the direction of the professor’s cabin and began to walk towards it. The security light switched off as normal and Ken tried to adjust his eyes to the darkness.  He kept walking until Ernie called out “well, just about where you are now Ken.”
He looked around, looked at the sky, at the surrounds, what lights were on, the sounds, the smells and he tried to feel anything unusual. ‘No, nothing Ernie, I’ll keep walking to his van.”
Even though it was overcast, Ken could just make out the silhouette of Professor Lien’s cabin.  He turned around to look back to see if he was still in a direct line with the building – he was. As he turned his head back, he thought he saw a tiny spark streak across his eye-line; it was fast, faster than a firefly.  He squinted his eyes and saw another small spark, then another. They seemed to come from the Northern end of the site and looked as if they terminated on the top of the building he had just left.
“Ernie! Do you see these lights?..these tiny sparks in front of me?”
“Huh, sparks? No, not a thing.  Hang on I’m coming over.”
Ken turned on his torch. Ernie had just began walking when he saw an enormous flash of light, directly in front, directly where Ken would have been standing.
“What in hell! – Ken, Ken – you Ok Ken?.holy shit..what’s happened?  Ken! where the fuck are you!.Ken...Ken.”
He began sprinting, struggling to loosen the torch from his belt, then tripped and fell heavily, face first into the cold sand, and breaking his torch in the process.  He felt around where he had fallen to see what he tripped on.  It was material, clothing. Ernie jumped up and drew out the .45 from its holster, cocked it and tried to see something; anything.  He turned, then turned again then heard a distant metallic thud.  At that very moment...bright, brilliant bright light, blinded him – he covered his eyes and pressed his eyelids tight.  
The lights came from Abdul’s security guards.  Acting on direct orders from Abdul, they had followed, at a distance, the men from KR, to ensure they came to no harm. Ernie’s frantic yelling had prompted them to switch on the large and powerful searchlight which was mounted on one of the industrial machines. “Do you require assistance Mister Ernie?” one of the guards yelled.
“Yes, yes, move the spotlight around this area, we have a man missing.” Four of the men came running to help. “Don’t move around too much, I need to see all the tracks around me – aim the spotlight over there, now over there, now here.” The only tracks were those of Ken’s and his own – he recognized the clothing he had tripped over – Ken had been wearing them, just before that flash. He directed the searchlight to shine on that spot and noted that more of Kens clothing was lying there.  His parka, thermal coveralls, shirt, trousers, socks, boots, utility belt, even his under wear, his watch and his torch.  “No don’t touch anything, we need careful investigation of this scene – mother of God, what is going on here?”
The guards had no answer, but took note that Ernie had a pistol in his hand. “You, will you go get my backpack from the HQ office, it’s the green one with the picture of the...the ..woman in the sun, and you go get some string and tape so we can mark this spot and I need a tarpaulin, just in case we cop some wind. You, you’d better contact Abdul and tell him what’s happened.”
Aaron came to the scene – he was blurry eyed and confused. “I don’t know what to say Ernie, Ken has disappeared? Is this what happened to Professor Lien as well?”
“That’s a safe call Aaron – I reckon if we dig underneath this sand, we’ll also find his clothing.”
“And their bodies?”
“Well I don’t believe in UFO abduction;  seems to me they have been zapped by some sort of ray or beam. The last thing Ken yelled out was that he was seeing some small lights, no, sparks of some sort;  then blam, zapp.”
He turned to one of the security guards, “Don’t suppose any of you know about forensic procedures?”
“Yes Mister Ernie, all of us received training in forensic investigation at the Ashford University in Iowa.”
He looked at Aaron questioningly.
With a shrug he said, “Well Abdul did say they were the best.”
“Gentlemen, please establish and secure your crime scene here; I have complete faith in you abilities.”
Ernie removed his extra-high resolution camera from his backpack.  He passed it to one of them and said, “Make sure every square inch and every possible angle is recorded before you move anything more.”
He then stood back and took a deep breath; after a while he said, “Aaron excuse me for a minute, I need to get to grips with losing my best friend; didn’t even get to say goodbye to him; this is... it’s a goddamn tragedy man and he has family back home. Crap this is really tragic.”
“If you need a moment alone Ernie there’s a brew on in the Mess hall.”
Ernie nodded, he didn’t say anything and began to stroll towards the kitchen. He didn’t need a torch;  the whole site was now lit up.
“Ah, Ernie?..the pistol?”
Ernie look down at his hand, “So that’s why they looked so nervous when I spoke to them.” He pushed it back into its holster.
He returned a few minutes later.
“Aaron, may I use your secure line to call Mrs Kellor?..better still, come with me, she’ll probably want to know some technical details.”
-oOo-
 “Edna, please tell me you’ve taught Aggie how to cook like this. Ooooee; best darn eatin I ever et... merci beaucoup.  thank you very much, I’m still drooling; and  my belt is stretching.”
“Oh, it’s just something I threw together.  Glad to see you enjoyed it, sure you can’t fit some more in? plenty left.”
“Thanks no. I’ve eaten more than I should;  but that’s Ok, seeing I’ve an extra little mouth to feed.”
Aggie smiled. “Remember that comment when we sit down for dinner tomorrow, mon homme charmant.  Anyway I think you’ve forfeited your dessert of waffles and maple syrup.  By the way, I’ve heard that Slig absolutely loves maple syrup;  can’t get enough of the stuff.”
Alex thought, what is it with the maple syrup? – shit, here we go again.
“So Aggie, among your many talents, you speak French?”
 “Oui ma Cherie. Il ya une petite enseignant qui máide.”
“Hmm...to pale kreyol?”
“Wi, mo pale kreyol; vou san vou-mem byen?”
“Alex she can communicate in any language.  You should have seen how impressed those Algerian delegates were, when Aggie freely chatted with them in the language of the Berbers.”
“Well I do get a little help from my friend. I love the sound of Creole – now who was it that said ‘Ah Creole – the French language bastardized, and only spoken by French bastards?”
Alex raised his coffee cup in salute.
Edna picked up the Goomeri which she had rolled into a tissue and placed it in front of Alex. “Alex tell me more about this gadget – You already said that it came from Australia. The thing is, when I hold it, I see visions of people in, I think Australia, because they look like the Aboriginals of that land.  I had a look through the internet and I’m pretty sure that’s where they are. I saw a scene of a woman holding a baby, she wore a red dress and I could swear she looked directly at me;  gave me a fright.”
“I’m not that surprised but can’t tell you too much more; old Uncle Oskar Bruin; he gave it to me to use.  I was in the doldrums and he just said to place it along my finger and wind the string around; didn’t give me any instructions on how or why, so it seemed natural for me to use it as a pointer...to point to something... to what, I didn’t know. As it turned out, it pointed to the map...to here, to Aggie, to this amazing and beautiful woman who has turned my life upside down and with whom, I’ve fallen deeply in love.”
“Some powerful medicine indeed.  Before you go gooey-eyed, tell me about this Oskar;  he sounds fascinating.”
At that moment, the pink security phone in Aggie’s office rang. She stood up and said, “Oh please let that be good news about the professor; excuse me for a minute sweetheart.” Edna clasped her hands as if in prayer and sat down next to Alex.
“Has Aggie explained what is going on with Professor Lien?”
“Only that he has gone missing off a construction site somewhere in Africa; Algeria I think. I know she’s very upset about it.  I suppose my coming on the scene at this time, isn’t helping matters either; I’m amazed she can keep it together.” 
“Well Alex, you coming on the scene is the best thing that could have happened, you delivered Dwarg back to her; and now she would feel more complete than ever before. Rienus Lien has become a part of our family and we all love him dearly. To have Dwarg back, will certainly broaden our chances of finding out where or what’s happened to him.”
-oOo-
“Oh no Ernie, that’s terrible, horrible; are you sure?  Oh Great and Holy Spirits, don’t let this be true.  Two men missing now!
“I take it you’ve notified Abdul?  Are you positively sure he used the words ‘sparks’? Ernie, please instruct everyone to leave the area around that spot immediately. This may happen again without warning;  please do it now, cordon it off, secure it;  post Danger Radio Active signs or Quarantine signs if you wish. Any clothing that has already been moved, please seal them;  airtight, I need to have them at HQ Lebanon;  also I’ll need some of the earth and sand from around the scene as well. Please resist the temptation to dig underneath that spot; I’m sure you’re correct that Professor’s Liens clothing will also be found there.”
Ernie passed the phone to Aaron. “She wants to speak to you; I’m off to quarantine that place.”
Aggie asked Aaron many questions which, luckily, Aaron could answer without too much difficulty.  “Is the FSD switch turned off or on at the moment? the FSD, that’s the simple toggle switch located on top right of circuit board R410.”
“Professor Lien had a habit of not showing me everything in the capacitor housing, but I do remember that he did switch on a lot of components at the start of the trial – that’s when he ordered a no fly zone around the site.”
“Have any alarms gone off?  Any abnormal readings on the detectors – especially in the capacitor building? 
“I haven’t checked since yesterday Aggie, but the Alpha, Beta, Gamma and X-ray readings showed normal – if you like I can take the VPhone remote into the building and you can scan and see for yourself.”
“No no, Aaron, nothing electronic or foreign to go near the place, I take it that it’s secure?”
“Well, Ernie and his friend had a look around inside and found nothing – not that they knew what they were looking at – and I’ve been in there – looking for the professor. No one else has been inside and the security log tallies with all that activity as well.”
“Aaron I’m going to take the capacitor off line, from this end at exactly1030 hours, your time.  You are authorised to lift the airspace and no fly exclusion zone after 1100 hours.  I am keying that authority...now.”
“Yes, received it Aggie; so we can use the choppers then?”
“Yes Aaron, that should make a lot of people happy.  I really do appreciate your handling of all this; and I know there’s a lot on your shoulders at the moment.  I think for the time being, we should continue with the construction of the neutron pulsing platform and anchor.  If the capacitor project has to be aborted, at least we can still provide power to the province.”
“Well, at least that’s something I know about.  How about the sculpturing?”
“Have to put that on hold as well Aaron.  I’m sending Jade Kellor back to Reggane to pick up whatever Ernie has already removed from the site plus soil samples. I’m hoping to find a clue there, somewhere.  Also, the ESPO Monitor.  Can you transmit the data recorded for the last thirty days? may be useful as well.”
“Ok, you’ll have that within the hour.  Er, some of the workers want to go home for a while; I can’t really hold them here for too long; they’re good men and I want to keep them happy and on side.  They’re sworn to secrecy, but I can’t guarantee that stories won’t get out, once they’re beyond our restrictions.”
“A good point, talk to Ernie and Abdul about that one. If you like, use the helicopters to take them home; nothing like good PR.  Sorry I can’t be there to help, but believe me, we all do admire your work Aaron, and Kellor Resources never forgets its heroes.”
“Thanks for the gee-up boss.  I’ll give you a call when I hear the capacitor closing down.  Let’s hope we find something in all this chaos.”
Chapter Thirteen
Oh Dwarg, give me some suitable words as to how I feel right now.
“Hiems est trisitia de.”  Hmm, you’re getting better at it, but the ‘winter of our discontent’ started two days ago. How about this one... ‘SSJH’.
She walked back into the kitchen.  “It’s going to be a long night for me guys...we now have another missing person, Ernie’s Special Forces friend Ken Kain. They found his clothing on the ground, very close to the spot where Professor Lien was last seen. Not a trace of a body, no tracks;  seems very likely that it wasn’t a kidnapping.”
“Dear oh dear, things are getting worse, two now? this is a nightmare; when will it end? oh Aggie, it’s all going so bad.”
“I’ve ordered the area to be quarantined until tomorrow.  In the meantime I have to go over some data that’s being transmitted shortly, so I’ll have to spend this evening in the office. We’ll just have to keep cool heads and get through it. May I help you with the dishes aunt?”
“Certainly Aggie, and you can dust, sweep and mop the floors, and oh yes, climb up on the roof and knock down the overhanging icicles;  perhaps Alex would like his car washed and waxed as well?”
“Do you see how I just love my Aunt Edna, she’s a black belt in sarcasm, a sensei of cliques and a shihan of sophistication.  Now about those waffles and syrup aunt, I’ve a Whisp to sharpen up...or to use your wonderful picturesque words, ‘make little shithead earn his keep’.”
“Please let me help you Aggie; my brain might not be as brilliant as yours or Edna’s, but at least I can make you cups of coffee, a few shoulder rubs and some encouragement; promise I won’t interfere.”
“Aw Alex that’s so nice but you’ve got your own things to sort out and come to grips with, my love.”
“I won’t have a hoot in hell relaxing and opening my mind to mysterious entities while I know you’re so upset. I love you, I want to care for you, and don’t want to see you in so much turmoil. Er, yes that’s right, Edna, I’m madly in love with your niece; hang the damn etiquette and niceties.”
“How come everything lately is so bitter-sweet?  Of course you do dear; I realized that, back in Cody’s caboose.  Aggie perhaps you should let Alex look over your shoulder; he still has a lot to learn.”
“What do you know about ESPO readings, my lovely apprentice?”
“Aha, yes, the good old Environmental Sensitivity Paradigm Oscilloscope.  I’ve actually used one back in Huston; we had to identify disturbances within certain areas of the atmosphere and got to learn about footprint shadows.”
“That’s excellent Alex;  you really can help me then. We have an ESPO at Reggane.  It’s much broader, powerful and delicate than the one you’ve trained on, but basically the same principle applies.  The readings for the last month will be coming through shortly;  I need to find anything that may be a clue;  anything out of the ordinary. The trouble is that it will take some time because it all needs to be printed out.”
“But surely you can see it all on the monitor?”
“Ah, let me let tell you some more about Whisps;  they do have a little trouble with the digital age; and colour; and music.”
-oOo-
Aggie and Alex had spent hours, pouring over the data that Aaron had transmitted. It didn’t take them long to find the regular irregularities.  The readings showed that at precisely 2445 hours each day, a trace of interference was recorded.  This was unusual given that no other detectors had picked it up.
Aggie was finally able to isolate the shadow of the footprint and with working and reworking the profile, came up with a blurry, pixelated image. Alex studied it and said. “Aggie, I’ve seen something like this before; it looks like a satellite, I don’t think it’s one of ours; it’s probably a spy satellite. You know what Aggie? I should call Rob Allen. He’s a whiz at identifying bogies; helped me a lot when I was trying to make sense of ESPO anomalies and flicks. He should still be up.  Would that break any of your security arrangements?”
“Go right ahead Alex – but please stand under that ceiling; it’s a security measure.” Aggie continued to study the seemingly endless roll of print-out... well at least I have some clues now.
Later, Alex’s phone rang; it was his friend Rob Allen. “Well what do you know Aggie;  it’s a Chinese FOO884;  the latest one;  it’s still in orbit. It can pick up all forms of radiation, communication and electronic emissions. It can clearly zoom in and display a small freckle off a bald man’s head from there.”
“Aha, right! Now have a look at this Alex.  Dwarg has pointed out something. See, I’ve blown it up a bit more, see? Right here, this little line, from the FOO to the XY point of origin – or it may be the other way around. I can only find it on two events;  guess when?”
“Hmm when the men disappeared? God Aggie, don’t tell me the Chinese have developed a beam or ray or something that can disintegrate people off the face of the planet?”
“No, I don’t think it’s that simple, there’s something happened, a short or cross circuiting, a miscalculation, a contamination or side effect of radiation emission... according to the ESPO, that FOO had been spying for about 20 days before this happened.  It was only after Professor Lien turned on the capacitor for a test trial, that things went askew. I’m sure we’ll learn more when we examine the clothing and sand from the site – there must be some residual radiation to detect and identify.”
“Phew; that’s as far as we can go tonight, or should I say this morning.  You should go and rest Alex.  You poor man, you still have your own research to tackle; and I have to get up and go to HQ Lebanon first thing in the morning. It’s Sunday and I’m sure Edna would appreciate your company going to the morning yard sales around Putney.”
“Really? I can hardly wait for that – I might even find myself a Stetson, yeeha!  So it’s back to the couch for me? Are you sure? It’s awfully lonely in there Aggie, I could use some.. company?”
“You will have company...say hello to Slig for me, I’m jealous already.  Good night sweet prince.”
It was a sweet kiss; short, yet quite satisfying.
“Goodnight Doctor Kellor, sleep well.” He had worked out, from that photo in the lounge room, exactly what the crimson lines on her graduation cloak meant. The diploma on her office wall confirmed it as well.
Edna was still awake in the kitchen. She had done all the chores and was just sitting there..holding the Goomeri Pointing Bone.
-oOo-
“Good morning young man, you really must have needed your sleep; why it’s after nine o’clock; the day’s nearly over.”
“Er, morning Edna, I hope you mean nine in the morning; although I feel like I’ve slept for days.” He stretched his arms in the air and yawned loudly. “Ah that’s just what I needed.  And you Edna?”
“That’s it? Nothing to report? No gremlin singing ‘Getting to Know You?’  Did you hear any voices at all Alex?”
“Can’t say that I did.  I went to sleep as soon as my head hit the cushion;  oh wait, I do remember a voice, I thought it was your voice, coming from the kitchen;  I wondered who you were talking to, because Aggie went off to her bedroom after we said goodnight to each other.  Anyway I was out to it after that.  Has Aggie left already?”
“She left just after six.  She went with the security patrol. Said she’d have breakfast at the plant but didn’t know when she’d be back.  She thought you would be in a ‘bedazzled’ state after you woke up, but obviously you’ve survived.”
“A whole day without Aggie? I think I’ll die Edna.  Did Aggie tell you about our discovery last night?”
“Chinese spy planes, meta-whatever-beams and particles;  stuff way beyond me, but she’s on the trail now.  She was very impressed with you and said that without your input, she’d still be trying to figure things out.  By the by, that stuff about the spy, no one else is to know, OK? She’s shutting down the capakatator thingy today.  She’s also setting up various machines to test the clothes and stuff from where the professor and that man had stood. That should arrive later on this evening.”
“So I won’t be seeing her for a day and a night?”
“Hang on now lover-boy, don’t get in a panic.  We can go visit her this evening; she wants us to bring a picnic basket and we’ll have dinner in her lab.  As for the rest of the day...may I suggest a big breakfast at the Putney Diner and look; I’ve marked a ring around all these places in our local paper; even worked out the route to take to these yard sales...c’mon get those feet into them dar moccasins; bargains be awaitin.”
“Can I drive the Hummer?”
“Promise you won’t lose it in the snow?”
“Aw thanks, yes I promise...Shihan Edna.”
-oOo-
Ernie picked up the phone. “Good afternoon Ernie, did you manage to get some well earned sleep?”
“Managed to doze off for a few minutes ma’am. I see the capacitor has been shut down, and we have choppers in the air. Ken’s parka, trousers, one sock and boot, plus his torch are on the way to you now; Jade is certainly clocking up his hours.”
“Yes he loves flying.  Now down to the nitty gritty Ernie. We have detected a Chinese spy satellite looking us over between midnight and one a.m. every day for the past 20.  We are still working out its orbit and paths, and exactly what it has been doing.  There is a definite connection between it and the disappearance of  Professor Lien and Mister Kain, and that’s what I’m working on now – those samples from the site should give me some leads.”
“That revelation is hard to take ma’am, I was assured by our people at AFRICOM that no activity was detected.  It must be one smart eye-in-the-sky.  Well that certainly narrows things down; do you believe the Chinese have used a ray or something as a weapon?  this is damn ugly.”
“Not necessarily, although I am looking closely at particle beam interdiction with interaction of nucleic radiation;  there has to be a reason why the men disappeared and not their clothing and effects.  Now Ernie, I take it you have continued with the forensics on the site – any news of the professors clothing?”
“My little team of forensic investigators have recovered all of Ken’s clothing and we even found the surgical screw which had been inserted in his little toe years ago;  but absolutely no trace of human remains.  We have just unearthed a boot;  yet to be identified, but there’s not much doubt that it belonged to Professor Lien. We should find more shortly. Er, ma’am, those beams, er, would our people have suffered...er..sorry, never mind.”
“Ernie, let’s not write everything or anyone off just yet;  there’s still a lot be investigated. I don’t know if those beams were going to, or coming from the FOO;  by the way, that’s what it’s called.  Now what I have told you is for your ears only and at this stage, I will have to break my own rule of openness of information and apologize to other parties later.”
“Understood ma ‘am.  What else do you want me to do here?”
“I would like you to finish up with the crime scene, especially by midnight;  remove all the barriers, tape and signs and smooth over the ground.  Make the area out of bounds to unauthorised people.  I’ve asked Aaron to continue with his work on the pulsar anchoring, and hopefully our little friends in the sky won’t be scared off.  In the meantime please carry on with your investigation so as not to arouse suspicion with the local authorities, in particular Abdul;  he’s very wily.  Should he learn of the FOO, things may get out of control...internationally.”
“Should we at least look at some form of counter attack...er, counter measures?”
‘Oh most definitely Ernie, but in a very, very subtle way;  but first I need to examine the evidence and see what story comes out.”
“Er, if it’s of any help ma’am; that torch of Ken’s;  I noticed that the batteries had been fried, before I put it in the specimen bag.”
“Ma’am?  Mrs Kellor?”
“Yes yes, I heard you Ernie;  that’s very important, extremely important...was it a normal torch?.an LED? a halogen? what batteries were in it?” Aggie was becoming excited.
“LED I’m sure.  It was a powerful one, part of his survival kit which he always kept around him – I remember him saying that it could light up half the base.  They were lithium batteries;  you know the ones that look like the old dollar coins;  about ten, but these looked like they’re fused into one blob.  And I’ve just remembered...the professor’s torch was LED, about 200 lights.”
“And your torch Ernie?”
“LED; I borrowed one from the KR office here.  I broke it after tripping over Ken’s clothes; darn gammy leg of mine.  Never got to...to switch it on.”
“Well, your gammy leg may well have saved your life. I’m sure if you had turned that torch on, we’d be looking for your body as well. OK Ernie, a total ban on anything using LEDs between the hours of 2300 and 0200, torches, radios, phones, recorders, even security lights. And Ernie, no air traffic during those hours as well. I’m sure your can come up with a suitable excuse. I’ll get back to you as soon as I have more information.”
“Ma’am, I do have some connections with the Chinese Intel; should I make discreet enquiries?”
“No no no;  not at this stage.  I’ll let you know.”
That’s what I like about my boss.  Intelligent, decisive and you know where you stand.  “Right then, I’ll wait for your next call.  Oh one more thing ma’am;  thanks very much for that lucky charm.”
-oOo-
Come on Dwarg, I know you know about wave particle duality and Einstein’s spooky things at a distance proposal but I think we have to look at some of those  hidden variables that keep vexing our physicists. Maybe the notion of Quantum Entanglement and Nonlocality is in play...let’s go over these formulas again; this time using the variation of emitting/ingesting the sub-atomic properties of diodes, then lithium.
Anyone seeing Aggie deliberating, analysing and assessing would be amazed at her style.  Instead of standing in front of a whiteboard writing equations and formula, or sitting in front of a huge scientific computer, Aggie would be sitting comfortably on a couch in her office in HQ Kellor Resources, Lebanon, and looking at nothing in particular.
She found that she could best concentrate by being comfortable and relaxed.  Now that Dwarg had returned, she felt;  no, she knew;  that she had a heightened advantage with solving this complex issue. This was a difficult task for Dwarg; Aggie was asking him to calculate and provide an answer to an almost impossible mix of sub-atomic events and outcomes. Their conversation was a mix of internal, external sentences and mutual discourse.
The capacitor had been active at that time and only the professor would have known if the inhibitor was attracting elements from the surrounding field of radio-active ions and particles. The stream of electromagnetic, microwave, x-ray and gamma radiation beaming from the FOO, would have entered and altered the integrity of the inhibiting wave to the capacitor;  plus some distortion by our ESPO.  That interference would only offer a neutrality to the matrix. However the addition of a third emission confounds it again; yes that emission from the torches.
Hmm...powerful electromagnetic field interference...back in the 1940s, there was a failed experiment to make a Naval Ship invisible to detection, by wrapping it in high voltage cables.  That certainly altered its erstwhile electromagnetic field. After the trial, some of its sailors were said to have disappeared; this had never been proven... or indeed, disproven.  It was even alleged that the ship had been invisibly transported from one port to another, then back again... ah yes, the Philadelphia Experiment.
Anyway, we now see a new, or extra wave and the properties suggest that it has become a...a carrier wave?  Dwarg, could it be possible?  Could we have stumbled on that thing like in the Star Trek stories; a transporter of sorts?
Dwarg knew of this false information which was transmitted via a medium he could not see;  it was completely untrue, yet Humans were somehow interested in the admitted lies presented to them. They called these false presentations...entertainment. All in all, he finally had an answer for Aggie. The two Humans do not exist...in the world of the physical.
“No no Dwarg;  not good enough;  they may still exits;  within that carrier wave.  The Chinese probably don’t even realise it, but attached to their FOO is a beam, maybe two;  containing, what the Trekkies would call, an ‘energy pattern’ of our men.”
Dwarg, the foremost possessor of knowledge of all Whisps, now faced the reality that a Human of the Planet had out-thought him. There is a possibility in what you have calculated Aggie – If you intend to reverse the transmission of that carrier wave – (the properties of which I cannot reason); we must be accurate with the perimeters of the vibration of the human cells and the transducer must be amalgamated into some form, in keeping with the frequency of the beam.
Hmm...a simple LASER for a start – yes, let me look at the schematics of the capacitor’s inhibitor..yes, here it is...and it’s possible.  Now we need a transmitter – this is where it gets complicated Dwarg; especially where there may be a compromise between those frequencies.  Let’s tackle that problem later.  Aggie picked up her phone; “Wendy, please contact the people from C5, apologize to them, but we need them to come to the lab ASP. Also please try to find the current location of Professor Nicolades; Melczarek; he’s a physicist; I last heard he was with the University of Singapore a few years ago. Please be discreet if you know what I mean.”
Right Dwarg, help me draw up the circuits.
Chapter Fourteen
“Oh look Alex, just in time; that’s our Jade in that plane; he’s been a busy bee over the last few days; ah, a good touchdown Jade; just look at the flurries of snow he’s stirred up; he’s just flown in from Africa.”
“Jade, he must be your nephew? Aggie’s cousin, the one in the photo holding the guinea pig?”
“Yes, that was a few years back.  He’s a pilot now, and a damn fine one too.  Do you like the jet? Aggie bought it last June; it’s a Gulfstream.”
“A Gulfstream G650 no less, and it belongs to Aggie?”
“Well she bought it for Kellor Resources;  it gets used a lot;  I thought Jade would be getting bored with constantly flying all over the world.  Still the good news is that he got married to a lovely girl, Phoebe. She’s also a pilot and they travel everywhere together;  so you can see that it’s all quite the family affair at KR.”
“Another piece of information out of left field Edna.”
“So, from that fence-line to the hill over there to that building with the blue roof to over there to the concrete tank is the KR factory; sometimes I kid Aggie and call it her cubby-house. This is where all the components are made and assembled before Aggie sends them off to God knows where. You probably already know of all the power plants that KR have constructed.”
Alex drove the Hummer towards the terminal building.  “Edna, there seems to be a large military presence here, just look at the sentries over there, and there, and I can see more around the perimeter of the strip, and some armoured vehicles ahead of us.  Looks like we are going to be stopped; some sort of security check, I suppose.”
“Please proceed Miss Kellor.  Welcome to Lebanon Mister Bentley; it’s a pleasure to meet you. Please keep this card on your person and return it when you exit.  Access to the KR hangar is to the left sir.”
“Just park over there Alex, we’re very early, Jade has to do his ‘thing’ with the tower and Aggie won’t be expecting us for a while yet;  hope she’s found out something useful.  Now I would really like to talk to you about the Goomeri Pointing Bone. I was up in the early hours and picked the bone up again. I told you about the woman in the red dress, well she was there again...and looking straight at me.  She pointed her finger at me, there was no mistake she was pointing at me, then swung her arm to her right and pointed to something, couldn’t see what.  She pointed to me again, then to the place.  I still couldn’t see anything there; she seemed to get frustrated and hollered out something; not English, it sounded like Thow mung.  I tried to say something but she couldn’t hear me.  Then she yelled Moolawa naan moolawa. I don’t know what she was trying to tell me but...well to be honest Alex...I got a little scared and wrapped the bone back in the tissue.”
“Tell you what Edna, I’ll try to contact Unc Oskar and see what he thinks.  I have to ring my dad anyway; already told him about meeting you and how I’ve lost my heart to Aggie.  Maybe you should keep away from the Goomeri for a while...remember Alice and the Looking Glass? don’t want you playing croquet with flamingos do we?”
They talked about other things; Aggie’s progress since leaving the UO, Professor Lien coming into their lives, the rise and rise of Kellor Resources with the opening of the first super geothermal generator in the USA.  “That particular plant produced and generated so much electricity and was so easy to distribute, it managed to outperform the coal, gas and hydrocarbon generators in Arizona; the Greenies love it; so do the consumers.  That plant alone has made so much money for KR, that there was enough for the building of more and more. Aggie and the Professor are really paving the way in solving the world’s energy problems;  not bad for a little orphaned Abenaki girl.”
“And her Dwarg.”
“Can’t deny that Alex. And I can’t deny that she had chronic leukaemia; and I don’t have a shadow of a doubt that she would have died at age 10.  Yes, back then I had serious doubts about Dwarg, even after I accepted that he was an entity within Aggie.  He told me about his world and how our...the human’s....rockets were disturbing it.  I really thought he was trying to kill us off..the humans..and was using Aggie as some puppet to carry out his evil schemes. Well he had plenty of opportunities along the way, yet here we are, alive and well and dining on venison.”
“Who else knows about Dwarg?”
“Besides Aggie and myself; you.”
“I’m honoured Edna, but you forgot about Slig.”
“Hmm haven’t met that little Whisp yet; have you?”
“Maybe later.”
“Phoebe, Phoebe!”  Edna called out as she lowered the window; “over here sweetheart; hop in, it’s warmer than out there.”
“Hi Aunt Edna, Jade’s in a hurry;  he had to get some stuff over to Aggie’s lab right away. How are you?”
“Fine Phoebe. I’d like you to meet Alex Bentley, Aggie’s new boyfriend.  Alex, this is Phoebe.” Phoebe was stunned.
“What! Oh beg pardon, pleased to meet you Alex, sorry to look so surprised, but Aggie and boyfriend in the one sentence is new to me. We used to kid each other about her having to go to “Rent a Boyfriend” to get interested in boys at all.  Well done, you must have some magic qualities.  Hang on;  Alex Bentley?  the pin-up boy for NASA?  You’re the astronaut, just came back from the Space Station?”
“Guilty on all counts.  Pleased to meet you Phoebe. I see you’re also an aviator; your ship looks a lot more comfortable than mine ever did.  It’s a beautiful looking aircraft;  the closest I came to flying one of those was a Lear jet in Miami.  How was your flight from Africa?”
“Great, I really enjoy flying, especially with Jade. Edna, I’ve brought you a present from Lucerne; found it in a little shop in a back alley;  soon as I saw it I knew it was for you.” She handed over a little decorated box. As Edna opened it slowly, Phoebe said, “Jade still feels a little silly for buying you that half gallon of French Perfume...years ago. I still can’t figure out why you didn’t pour it down the sink.”  Inside the box was a silver chain with a filigree pendant with a gold coin centre.  Embossed on the surface, in beautifully scrolled writing, was the word TANTE. “Do you know what that word is Aunt Edna?”
“Ah yes Phoebe, in fact I first heard it while in Paris.  One day I’ll tell you the story. She reached over the car-seat and gave Phoebe a hug.  Thank you so much sweetheart, it’s beautiful; I’ll wear it right now.”
-oOo-
Aggie’s C5 team were already in action making up the circuitry that Aggie had outlined.  They never questioned or disputed her designs;  firstly, they knew she had the technical knowledge way past their understanding and secondly, their pay packets would see them retire early, and in comfort. That they had been called in to work on a Sunday was of no bother;  in fact all the workers and contractors dealing with KR had similar feelings.  This employer, above all others, offered everything an employee could desire and the list of job seekers on the waiting list held by KR was enormous.
“People, this will be a one off, don’t worry about neatness.  It all has to fit into this crate; it’s hard plastic, unearthed.  I don’t mind if you have to drill holes in it; but not on the bottom.  Sparky, I need some insulated handles on two sides. Henry, I’m sorry, but I need that dish smaller, smaller than a VSAT; the feed horn is OK, only if we don’t lose any directive gain.  Vera, how’s the LASER calibration? It’s going to Africa and has to be robust. And those capacitor cells, please double check for any, and I mean any, radiation.” Her only concern was the frequency of the involuntary transmission that she intended to use. The thing was coming together; it reminded her of the communication contraption, built with bits and pieces in that film “ET”; yes I know Dwarg... false Human entertainment.
“Boss, we are on it; shouldn’t you at least take a break?”
“I was just thinking about that, good .....idea...eh, welcome back Jade, in this room with all that please. We have the sniffers ready and we need to take a few readings of you as well.  Where’s Phoebe?”
“I left her back in the hangar, why, do you think I may have some contamination on me or something?”
“Won’t hurt to check....no, you’re OK.” Aggie put down the NHRA meter and helped Jade place the bags containing clothes, a boot, sock and soil and sand on the large table.  After checking for any dangerous levels of radiation, she examined each piece for any clues.  Dwarg advised that there was no residual DNA; which was strange as there would normally be thousands of cells attached to personal clothing.  She examined the torch quickly and said “Yep..just as I suspected.”
“You found something Aggie?”
“Just confirms my theory Jade, this torch, by being switched on at just the moment of the confluence of neutralizing particles, has set off a chain of events which led to both men being dematerialised.”
“Zapped?. how? by whom?”
“That’s what we’re working on,. and I have to work out exactly how to unzap them.”
“By the way, Ernie said to give you this, it’s a camera card. He said he had a heap of photos taken, seconds after Ken was zapp...er disappeared, may be of help.”
“Ernie was lucky the flashes from the camera didn’t zapp him as well, hope the card has recorded exact times of exposure.  Jade I’m hoping to get some equipment back to the site at Reggane tomorrow or Tuesday.  If you don’t feel up to it, I can bring in a charter; I know you have to have obligatory rest periods.”
“Hey, that’s what you pay me for cousin, I don’t mind at all, nor does Phoebe; anything to help find Professor Lien.  Just what is this special equipment, or is that a secret?”
“At this stage Jade, it is. Nothing personal; just that if anything goes hellishly wrong, you can honestly deny all knowledge.”
“That’s cool Aggie; no problem as long as it doesn’t impact on the safety of the aircraft and its occupants, namely me and the missus. Can I at least have the weight and dimensions of this thing, and will I need a forklift?”
“Have a look out the window here...see, that’s it, that large plastic box full of electronics, the directional disc is removable and it can all be lifted by one frail person.  The power unit won’t be larger than a shoebox, and I’m about to start work on another component, again lightweight. But, all in all it may be fragile, so lots of bubble wrap and tape.  Jade, we only have one go at this; if it fails, we lose Professor Lien forever. Now, let’s take a look at those photos...oh before I forget, Edna and Alex will be popping in later to say hello.”
“Alex? Who’s Alex?”
“You know, Alex Bentley, astronaut, the last NASA space lab mission, my husband to be.”
-oOo-
“Salam, Mister Ernie. I did not believe it when I heard. The information pained my ears.  Are we under some sort of attack from unknown assailants? how is it possible that only clothing remained? and it is the same of Professor Lien?  These events are straight from the books of Sinbad...ah please let this all be a test of our resolve and faith.”
“I was there when it happened Abdul.  There was a flash of light and Ken vanished; he was right in front of me.  Only his clothes and his torch were found.  As your men would have told you, we found the professor’s clothing nearby, under the sand.  Mrs Kellor has some of the clothing and a sample of the soil for testing.  I have the remainder of Ken’s and the professor’s clothing in Aaron’s office.  Your men, and may I say I am impressed with their qualifications, are going over them using our limited forensic equipment.”
“And what else of the installation? I see work in progress again, are we all now in danger of being sent to the land of...of nothing?”
“According to Mrs Kellor, the danger lies between the hours of midnight and two in the morning in that exact spot. Although I’m not a scientist, she tried to explain that somehow there has been a convergence of assorted rays and beams, something to do with the capacitor that the professor was working on.  It’s now closed down; so she doesn’t expect any more events. Nevertheless she wants all electronic equipment, especially LEDs to be turned off during those hours; also no air traffic. She said to continue with the anchoring of the pulsar platform but to isolate that area over there...between the capacitor building and the professor’s cabin.”
“Mister Ernie, you have smoothed that area over, has anyone taken any readings there? Geiger counter perhaps?”
“Your men did Abdul. They were very quick to it; but no abnormal readings; not on the clothing either.”
“So we are again at an impasse.”
“Mrs Kellor is sending Jade back here with some equipment.  She has put together a contraption which will measure sensitivity, frequencies, rays and other stuff I’m not technical minded enough to understand. She’ll instruct Aaron and perhaps one of her technicians with the set-up and installation.  That’s the limit of my knowledge.  I believe Aaron will collect the machine tomorrow from the airport and chopper it here.  She wants it operational tomorrow night, before midnight and sited on that damned spot over there.”
“And may I attend this operation?”
“I would expect nothing else Abdul; now may I offer you some Arabian coffee?  Your man Haán would have to be the world’s best barista.  I would like to take him back home with me.”
“To replace Mister Ken Kain?”
“Oh no...no, I do apologise Abdul,  for that insensitive remark. Ken was...is, a dear friend of mine. I’d never think of making light of this situation; I may be a security officer, but I still have feelings.  I’ve already shed my tears and there’s more to come.”
“Hey chill bro, it’s my comment that was out of place.  I too apologize.  And no, you can’t have Haán, he’s married to my sister, and I need to keep my eye on him.”
“Ah Ernie, just for the record, I taught him to make coffee.”
Chapter Fifteen
Alex and Jade had hit it off as soon as they met. “You could’ve knocked me down with a feather when Aggie told me; Aggie with a beau?  never thought I’d see the day, man.”
“And why not Jade? “ quipped Phoebe, “Aggie’s a beautiful girl; she’s charming, smart, refined, well to do, famous and as far as I’m concerned, a national treasure.  It’s not her fault that she’s so busy with Kellor Resources that she doesn’t take time to smell the roses; well it looks like she has now.”
“Brutish Men Aftershave by Avon, if you don’t mind.” said Alex wiping his cheeks.
“But what an amazing story Alex, just jumping in your car and driving up here to follow a mysterious trail;  how romantic; and you say you knew nothing of Aggie before?”
“Not in the slightest.  I only came to recognize the name Kellor later, after Edna here, came and rescued me from the cells in Guilford. That’s where I saw Aggie for the first time; and it may sound corny, but it was love at first sight. I nearly collapsed when she came over and kissed me.  It’s something that’s burnt in my mind, and I can’t think of a more exhilarating moment in my life;  even my first space-walk. And I’m not embarrassed to say that I’m in love with her.”
“I would say a match made in heaven.” said Edna with a little wry smile on her face.
They were sitting in the staff dining hall drinking hot chocolate. Aggie was not there and Edna had started unpacking the large picnic basket.“Aggie has been head down since early this morning.  She’s run some the staff ragged.  I know she needs a break, but this business with the professor and that other security man has her running around in circles.”
As if on cue, “Aw hello everyone!” Aggie hollered as she passed through the warm air curtain.  “Good...I see you’ve met Alex; nice trophy ain’t he Phoebe?” she said with a wink and kissed him on the top of his head and tweaked his ears. “Sorry about keeping you waiting so long, a slight problem with some wiring; all fixed now; just about complete; just need a suitable wave generator and it’s all fin. What have we here aunt? cream buns, coffee rolls, quiche and yummy caramel tart;  come on guys, let’s get stuck in; time’s a wasting; darn wave generator; don’t forget bubble wrap; and oh I love these  little savoury meat balls;  straps, must get straps for anchoring.”
“Whoa there, young lady.  Sit, I said sit. Deep breaths; deeper; calm; get those little gremlins in your brain to settle down; you’re only human.”
“Sorry, ah that’s better.  Poor Alex...please just humour me for a little more my love and I can put this place behind me. I see you survived the Sunday yard sale trek with the queen of fossickers. You could have said no if you didn’t want to go.”
“I actually drove the Hummer, saw a lot more of this beautiful country; the mountains are breathtaking. Anyway I did manage to find a bargain; for my father. He collects old radio transmission sets, you know, like walkie talkies from WW2, ANPRC25s, Bakelite telephones and things.  Barney’s Bric a Brac on Pine Banks Road was having a clear-out and I found an early model CB radio, it’s a squeaky Seiki, the model before SSBs were made.  Only has nine channels, but it actually still works; Barney even threw in the antenna.”
“That’s it!” shouted Aggie.  She stood up and ran for the door, turned at the surprised group and said, “Citizen Band Radio; the generator; that’s exactly what I need; oh Alex you darling, you’ve come to my rescue again; see you shortly.”
“Was it something I said Edna?”
“Well I don’t need to tell you how important this is to Aggie; if there is even the slightest chance that she can do something to find our men; only a brave person would stand in her way.  We just have to be patient and bide our time.”
 “Hey sport, fancy a quick trip to Algeria while you’re waiting for our Aggie; got plenty of room.  And how about you Aunty Edna?”
“No thank you, not this time Jade, I need to keep an eye on my girl; but Alex, it’s not a bad idea for you to go for a little ride; might take a little pressure off Aggie.  I know she will be feeling a bit guilty about spending time away from you in the lab; and it may improve her concentration as well.”
“I do have my passport with me, but I don’t know if my controllers back at NASA will allow it; then again, I’m on extended leave.  Stuff ‘em, yes please Jade, I would love a ride; thank you for the invite, and you too Phoebe.”
Phoebe punched Jade in the arm and said, “Now we’ll see just how good a pilot you are with a NASA astronaut watching you.”
“No problemo, my little butterfly.  But first, we’d better get our boss’s approval before adding him to our precious manifest.”
-oOo-
“Oh darling you are a blessing, whenever I come up to a problem, there you are with the solution...no no, I don’t mean I want you to go away from me, but I desperately need someone I can trust to help set up the contraption in Reggane.  I had planned for different people to assemble different components, each not knowing what the other was doing , but now, you wonderful man, I have you; and I trust you with all my heart.  You deserve so much more... may I at least give you this?” It was a warm, lingering kiss, broken only when Aggie felt that Alex’s desires were getting more physical.  “Have to put you on hold for a little while longer sweetheart; let’s get over this meccano rig and I swear you will have my entire being...and then some.”  Dwarg was a little frustrated as well; he desperately wanted to communicate with Slig.
“So this is it, not exactly the best looking thingy I’ve made but it’s relatively easy to set up.  If you like, you can write a checklist as we go along. Should give it a techno name, what do you think Alex?”
“How about ‘Aggie’s Angst’, or ‘FOO Fighter’, er..well it’s going to point, how about Goomeri Mark Two?”
“I like it; Ok, now let’s start with component A1 of Goomeri Mark Two’, the motherboard...”
Edna had already gone back to Putney, think I’ll wine and dine myself with Barbara at the Diner tonight.  She should have some doggie scraps for the animals as well. Poor security patrol, still behind me; maybe I’ll shout them dinner as well.
Phoebe and Jade were sharing a spa bath in the Hangar. “Wow wow, woman, it’s gonna take me a lot of time to recover from that; haven’t see you so, so.. frisky since our first solo flight in the G650.  Had something on our mind did we? and I don’t mean Hal.”
“Aw, don’t be so awful; I just wanted to do something special for you; are you complaining captain?”
“No, no no!”
“Then shut up and pucker up Guinea Pig boy...yes, I want you again..now.”
Phoebe thought to herself, dear Aggie, what a wonderful person and I dearly love her as a sister, now she’s got her man, quite the hunk too; I hope it’s true love; looks like it is; wonder if they already have....she’s such a lovely, innocent and lucky bitch.
-oOo-
Alex had assembled and disassembled the Goomeri Mark 2, three times.  Aggie was satisfied. “Now here are some other components; don’t laugh.  Firstly, this torch; it fits in here...this cord plugs into this socket. Here is the remote for it, keep it in your pocket; you will have to activate it well away from the site. Secondly we have this dish, this is where the feed-horn will send some waves of radiation to the FOO and hopefully deactivate the carrier beam.” Alex raised his eyebrows questioningly. “No it won’t blow the FOO to bits, but I’m sure something interesting will happen; by the way, Ernie Tonges is the only one there that knows about the FOO; I’d like it kept at that.”
 “I’ll initiate start up of the Capacitor from here and it should be on quarter absorption induction by 2400 hours, so you must, must have GM2  in place by then.  If you find there is not enough time or something else happens that suggests you can’t complete the setup..abort and we’ll try again the following night. Just hope we don’t frighten the FOO away.”
“Could you at least give me some sort of predicted outcome Aggie?”
“Hmm, no, not a prediction my love; I don’t have the power of foretelling or prophecy..but this is what I’m about.” She took a deep breath.
“Remember those two little lines? those beams we found coming from the FOO?  I want to inhibit and attract them back to Earth using the GM2.  I believe that somehow, the Professor and Mister Kain are trapped; dematerialized, inside those beams. The beams from our GM2 are going to bring them back, Star Trek style, and rematerialize them..I hope.”
“...Aw Alex, I’ve seen that look before.  If it helps, I’ll use techno talk...the GM2 is going to organize the coincidental convergence of assorted particles in a media of untested radio activity from multipoints onto...”
“Whoa there, young lady.  Sit, I said sit. Deep breaths; deeper..calm; Aggie you’re starting to get a little spooky.”
“Please, please tell me I can rely on you darling, even if you think I’m wacky – please just play along with all this – this is so extremely important.”
“Of course you can rely on me Aggie, still you can’t blame me for being a bit er, surprised.  A Star Trek transporter?  Shouldn’t this technology belong to the far distant future?”
“Yes, you’re quite right...and this is a one off attempt..the GM2 will destroy itself after its first transmission; all the schematics, diagrams and computer files have already been deleted, destroyed or erased.  You and I are the only ones on the planet with knowledge of it; and I’ve no desire to introduce that technology in my lifetime.”
“Fair enough doctor, I’ll play along; now look over my shoulder and see if I am calibrating these SCRs correctly.  God where did you get these old potentiometers?..Barney’s Bric A Brac?”
“That’s about all I can do for now.  You have the sequence and oh...there is one more thing.  She reached over and picked up a rolled up piece of coloured cardboard.  If you have the time, I’d like you to unroll and leave this near the spot where you place the GM2.”
“Oh yes, and what exactly is this?”
“There’s an interesting story about this.  By the way it’s getting very late – I do have private quarters here – when I work overnight sometimes – and you need to be up early in the morning – and Aunt Edna’s already left...so...”
“So what?”
“So dear heart, if you want to hear that story, pick me up and carry me down that corridor.”
Dwarg and Slig were able to communicate again, within a matter of minutes.
Chapter Sixteen
It was early morning and Abdul was pleased that Aggie had spoken with him on the VPhone.  He knew the protocol and the complicated diplomacy of keeping all the ministerial offices, and the factions within, with the latest updates.  Whilst he appreciated the confidence shown in him, he knew the hierarchy would only tolerate so much and was getting frustrated by the constant demands by ministers for his presence and debriefs.
He had tried his best to waylay propositions of military movements, upgrading border security measures and enforced interments of anyone vaguely suspicious of being involved in the kidnap of Professor Lien.  The government was well aware of the importance of Kellor Resources and the production plant. He well knew the consequences of destabilisation, should it commence within his homeland.
“So we have a VIP coming over – Mister Alex Bentley from NASA;  but Miss Aggie requested that this information be kept quiet. Personally I have no problem with that, but it does present me with a position of divided loyalties.  I have put my head on the chopping block in authorising his entry. He is here to set up her wave sensor;  do you know him Ernie?”
“I’ve never met him, he came on the scene a few days ago...I surmise at the request of Mrs Kellor. Nevertheless my team has had him under surveillance;  he has been working closely with her at HQKR. I presume he’ll be returning to the US immediately after the test trial.  Keeping all this activity a secret is going to be a nightmare Abdul.”
“May I humbly suggest that we offer all the contractors, workers;  even my men;  a day and night off in Reggane. Chopper them off the site, offer free accommodation in the city and bring them back here same time tomorrow. It can be a thank-you from KR for all the enforced time they had to spend here recently.  At least it will lower the odds of exposure.”
“Fantastic plan; even if we only send the nightshift workers; no, let’s include them all.  I’ll go talk with Aaron right now.”
Aaron begrudgingly agreed and sent the good news to the various crews and gangs; not one of them complained about a free day and night off; with benefits. Both helicopters began ferrying people to Reggane; almost immediately.
-oOo-
Alex stretched his arms and Jade got up from the comfortable leather lounge. “Hal has done most of the work so far...there’s a few tweaks and upgrades in this current model and the auto virtually does the lot.  We’ll go manual in a few minutes; the comms can get a little tricky – there are a few trackers out there who still live in the past – everyone’s a little nervous in this neck of the woods.  Flown this line many times, but in this area, I’m always ready to expect the unexpected.  We should lock into Reggane now; GPS Code DAAN.  Normally we fly in, in the early hours.  ETA 1400 hours, offload and onload onto the Osprey, so maybe 1600 hours should see you on site.  Ever been to the Sahara Alex?”
“No, but I’ve seen it from high above, brown and dismal looking, rugged and bare.  Are you sure I need all this cold weather gear; in the Sahara?”
“It’s a bit hard to put sunscreen on when the temp’s 56 degrees; a lot of people forget that there’s winter in Algeria; just ask Ernie.”
 “I think Ernie has been embarrassed enough Jade, don’t you dare get Alex to poke fun at him.” said :Phoebe, who also thought it funny, seeing Ernie squirm and shiver back there, on the tarmac at Reggane in his summer shorts.”
“Now Alex, I’d better fill you in on the people you’ll be dealing with.  There’s Aaron Johns, project and site manager extraordinaire; he’s managed to keep things together since the prof disappeared.  There’s one Abdulmalek Belkhemha, we may call him Abdul; he’s the official unofficial representative of both the President and the Prime Minister of Algeria. Aggie has no qualms for him to come and go to the site, ask questions and ensure we are doing what we say we’re doing; he’s posted some security guards on duty there.  We don’t have any problems with him; and he’s quite a nice guy; and he’s giving us his full support and encouragement. There’s Ernie Tonges our security chief, loyal, dedicated; the kind of guy you want behind you when you’re in trouble. And Ken Kain;  he was brought here by Ernie as a consultant;  he is from our Special Forces and an expert in Arab culture and affairs;  now vanished.”
-oOo-
Edna slammed on the brakes of the Hummer – she was just exiting Springfield Street in Brattleboro.  The security patrol’s vehicle, following her, went into a broadside slide and its front wheels struck the concrete gutter. It only took a split second of distraction causing her to hit the brakes – it was something she saw in a store window.  She parked, gave the security patrol a little wave of apology and ran back to the store, being very wary of the slippery surface of the pavement.  The shop was Shef’s Arts and featured, behind the large display window, was a painting; a painting of something she had seen before.  Not in a gallery or museum, but in her mind.
She rubbed the outside of the window with her gloved hand to get a clearer look.  This is it, she thought, every detail, everything I saw when I was holding that Goomeri Bone.  The scene on the painting she was looking at consisted of a black woman in red dress, holding a baby.  Next to her was a lean-to of bark and branches, open both ends, with white billowing smoke coming from a small fire behind the hut.  Her, and the baby’s hair was windswept as if a gust had just blown by.  The colours, ground, the scrawny trees and the shadows, were just as Edna had seen them in her dream.
Edna squinted and tried to make out the signature on the bottom right of the painting, but it was too tiny to read. Darn Sundays, have to come back tomorrow and see.  No price tag, might even buy it.  Now I’d better go over and calm my protectors; they may need a tow.
-oOo-
“So pleased to meet you Mister Alex Bentley, it is an honour I will tell my grandchildren about.”
“And you Abdul...Salam.” Alex removed his gloves and they shook hands.
Aaron turned to Ernie, “and Alex this is Ernie – Ernie, Alex.”  Both shook hands firmly. “Good trip, or should I say trips Alex?”
“Wonderful, Jade and Phoebe are fine pilots, and so is Aaron;  although his autorotation gave me a thrill I didn’t expect;  not bad seeing you haven’t had a bird in the air for a while Aaron.”
“Give you a hand with that stuff Alex?”
“Thanks, ah how far to the exact spot Ernie, got to make sure it all gets there without damage;  it’s not heavy, just awkward.”
“About two hundred metres, over there; see that building?  that’s the capacitor and the spot is a few steps from that;  these bits and pieces as well?”
“Yes please, how much daylight do we have left?”
“About two and a half hours; we have flood-lights if you need them.”
“Great let’s get to it straight away; I need to have it all in place and operational by midnight; where are all the people?”
“We’ve relocated them for the night Alex;  too many eyes, if you know what I mean.”
“Fair enough, sorry for the urgency but there’s a lot of set-up and calibration to be done.  Aaron, do you know if the capacitor is live?”
“Yes Alex, currently at one eighth absorption induction and climbing; it’ll reach one quarter by 2330.”
“OK gents, let’s go do it.”
Abdul also carried a bag of components from the chopper.  He wondered why a man from NASA was now involved in all this;  there was something else going on;  something he wasn’t meant to know.
Nightfall saw the group gathered around the mysterious contraption...this thing, which came directly from the hands of the young boss of KR.
“All done gentlemen, the GM2 is in place, all we need is confirmation of the quarter power up of the capacitor. I’ll activate the device at precisely 2447 via remote;  or in plain language, I’m going to switch the flashlight on at that time.  I really truly don’t know what will happen;  oh yes, Aggie asked me to place this cardboard down.  The men crammed their necks and squinted their eyes in the failing daylight.
“Looks like a picture of the face of a bald man – can’t make out the writing – what’s that all about Alex?”
“It’s nothing to do with the experiment; it may be a tribal or cultural thing Ernie; maybe a good luck totem of sorts; anyway it’s something Aggie asked me to do. Still a few hours to go;  how about a nice bonfire over there? Any sausages in the fridge Aaron? And Abdul, your reputation of making the world’s best coffee has reached the land of Uncle Sam.”
“Say no more Mister Alex, it is done; would you care to accompany me to the Mess Hall and I will show you my brewing secrets?”
“Why thank you sir, that will give us time for a nice chat.  Ernie, will you keep an eye on the GM2.”
“Sure; er, GM2?”
“Whatever you like Ernie, General Machine, Generator Module, Gonad Mauler...GM2 just sounds nice.”
-oOo-
“And that, Mister Alex is the secret of preserving the taste to the last drop.”
“It’s a good tasting brew Abdul.  Now I must tell you about myself;  I know you were unaware of my coming here.  The truth is that NASA, nor my government, is aware of my location at the moment. I am doing this on Aggies’s behalf and request; you might like to know that she and I are close, very close.”
“Are you serious?..no, those words were wrong; I meant are you in a serious relationship, no, I mean are you both...”
“We’re seriously in love Abdul, like real love, you know heart-throbbing, over the moon and helplessly in love, love.  I know others will think of me as an opportunist or a gold-digger, but none of that matters to me; I didn’t even know she was famous before I met her.  Talk about love at first sight. I must say that I intend to marry her.”
“You would be a lucky man and the envy of many, including me.” He thought for a minute and asked, “How do you foresee the future of Aggie and Kellor Resources? Will you involve yourself in its operations and aspirations;  and what of the power plant and the radioactive..?”
Alex held up his hand. “Nothing will change Abdul. Have no concerns about that.  As you would know, Aggie is strong with her resolves and has set goals; no man on earth would be crazy enough to try and change her or her ambitions.  I would support and encourage her with anything she wants.  Just look at my mission here; she instructed me on the set-up of the GM2;  but I still don’t know what it’s going to do; yet here I am in blind obedience.  Anyway I wanted to tell you all this because Aggie insisted that we be open and overt with you; in fact even Ernie and Aaron don’t know of our romance..yet.”
“Well congratulations to you Mister Alex, and of course to Miss Aggie; and thank you for your confidences; my heart is gratified by the wearing of your heart on your sleeve.  So we are to become colleagues in this great undertaking in my homeland?”
“I certainly hope so Abdul, but just like yourself, I’m in the dark as to what happens after midnight and how this affects the progress of the project.”
“Ah, the smell of burnt sausages beckons, shall we join the others?”
Innocent banter followed for the next few hours and the men got to know each other a little better.  Alex did manage to take Ernie aside and explained his relationship with Aggie; a relationship that Ernie was well aware of anyway.
Towards midnight, the fire was doused and the night was pitch black.  Alex had gone through the checklist mentally three times, he was satisfied that all was in position, checked and rechecked.  At 2359, he had crawled across the ground on his stomach after switching on the power and the activator levers of the GM2.  It was 2446 hours, and he removed the remote control from his pocket.  “Well gents, visors on; would you like to hear a NASA style countdown, or a ready, steady and go?”
“Just switch the goddamn thing on; lying on this cold sand will give me chilled kidneys...hey I just saw some sparks over there...hit the button Alex!” Alex did.
-oOo-
A brilliant light appeared around the GM2; as if a thousand camera flashes went off at the same time.  The corona of the light widened and became more brilliant, lighting up the dark night and the sky.  Even though the men wore protective visors, their eyes automatically squinted at the power of the light.  They then saw beams of light, short flashes, some very straight rays of off-white light, some beams bending on themselves and others became fractured and turned into lightning patterns, with branches long and short. They saw a beam shoot upward, directly over them, heard the hum; even smelt the electrical energy radiating off it. It continued through the clouds, illuminating them with eerie shades of white and pale.
Some of the rays touched an arrester on top of the capacitor building, giving the amazed men a spectacular view of crackling and dazzling flashes, much like the lightning effects of Tesler coils. Nothing was repeated; it was a continual display of light patterns, beams, rays and flashes. “Holy shit!” screamed Aaron, “what the fuck have we done? If this keeps up, we’ll blow the whole place into Kingdom Come. The lights are starting to spread! Turn that fucking thing off Alex, before it fries us all!”
“I can’t; there’s no off button man!”
“What about the capacitor?” yelled Ernie, “can we shut it down? . would that stop it?”
“Yea, the circuit breaker is inside the building; are you volunteering to go do it?”
“It’s getting hotter here, maybe we should move away some more.” No vote was needed as the men began crawling back.
“Ernie, what the fuck’s going on? Where the fuck are you? What’s happening?”
“I’m just over here!” Ernie yelled, looking around to see who asked.  It was not Alex, Aaron or Abdul.  He looked back at the place where the GM2 used to be and he saw a figure; there was no mistake, it was a naked and confused Kenny Kain.  He had his hand over his eyes and yelling obscenities at the top of his voice.
Ernie blinked in confusion and before he could get to his feet, saw Abdul running through the cascade of light towards Ken.  “Get back Abdul, you’ll be swallowed up as well!”
It was then that Ernie noticed Ken’s feet; they were about 6 inches off the ground and his body was slowly rising further upwards.  “Abdul stop!” Abdul had no intention of stopping and although he did stumble a few times, he managed to hurl himself at Ken, tackling his legs like a seasoned Rugby player, and brought him to the ground.
All at once, the light display was over.  It was dark again and only the light hum of the capacitor was heard. Aaron ran in the other direction, towards the floodlights and switched them on.
“Get your fucking paws off me you mad Arab. What the fuck are you doing here Abdul? I thought you went back to Algiers to report to your mates; and what’s happened here; where are my clothes? It’s fucking cold; Abdul you prick, have you feed me some of your funny stuff; don’t fuck me around man.  And you Ernie, think that was funny?  A smack to ya ugly mouth would be funny. Now fuck off and get me my clobber back you pack of assholes! And who the fuck are you, dickface?”
Alex did not answer.  He turned to Aaron and said “no sign of the professor here, better have a look around anyway.”
Abdul and Ernie went to Ken’s side and frogmarched him back to the warmth of the Mess Hall, all the while swearing and cursing in his confused state.  Aaron went to the floodlights and scoured the area with the bright lights, while Alex walked around looking for any clues.
“Your GM2 is just a black spot on the sand now. What just happened, Alex?”
“You saw what I saw Aaron; and, to be honest, I don’t know what I saw. I’d better get on the line to Aggie, she’ll be anxious; wish I had better news for her; about the professor.”
“Mrs Kellor wanted me to send her the ESPO readings as soon as possible if I may.”
“Let’s do it now.  By the way Aaron, that guy, is he naturally bad tempered, seems a little ungracious after being rescued?”
“Hmm”, replied Aaron who was still coming to grips of past events...“I reckon his UFO abductors tossed him back.  Can’t say I blame ‘em.”
Alex slapped him on the back and laughed, “Aaron, we’re going to get on well together.”
-oOo-
Aggie was on the phone again. “Well at least we have one of our people back Alex.  Poor Professor Lien; don’t even know if he’s in space, on the ground or in some form of suspension.  There’s nothing else to be done. Do you mind staying there a little while longer my love? At least until I go over some more data?  I still have to check the ESPO that Aaron sent through.”
“Don’t know if my heart can take it, sweet lips, but I know this means a lot to you.  No problems, I’ll stay as long as you wish.  By the way, that Abdul is a really nice guy; he’s very concerned about the project and its future.”
“Of course he would be, and I don’t blame him; but without the professor, there will have to be a rethink. But that’s a point for later consideration. I guess I’ll be spending the night here in the office again; so alone.  I’ll be dreaming of you and...and.. wait a sec...”
“Ah sorry Alex, the ESPO printout is just coming through...ooh, wait a little....Hey honey, remember that little line attached to the FOO?  the carrier beam.  Well half of it is gone...at exactly 2449. I can see the other half just detaching at 2450.  That could mean both men have been dragged back.  The one minute’s difference could be the other person, obviously the professor. He’s come back to ground, but not at the same location.  We still have a chance Alex! We still have a chance; he could still be out there somewhere.”
“That’s great Aggie, can you plot an area for me to check out?”
“Have to get back to you lover; lots of calculations; getting Dwarg on it right now.  Oh I hope this will work out OK.”
“By the way Aggie; I didn’t doubt your wacky Goomeri Mark 2 experiment for a second.”
“Liar, liar, pants on fire.”
“Yes, they sure are;  ring me shortly?”
Chapter Seventeen
Edna had a lot of grocery shopping to do.  She almost teased herself by resisting the urge to run down Springfield Street and check out the painting.  Exercise self discipline girl, she thought to herself; everything in priority order; bakery next, then Ed and some of his baked beans; then a slow stroll to Shef’s Arts.
“You have to be kidding me, you’ve sold it already? but it’s still morning; Monday morning; hardly anyone on the streets yet.  Can you at least tell me who bought the painting?” Edna was not happy with Shef; it wasn’t his fault of course but Edna could not come to grips with the possibility of losing track of that mysterious picture.
“Caint ritly say.  Gent come in when Ah opened; sasayed strit to it, picked er up, paid cash and goed; doent een want er wrapped.”
“Have you seen him before? A stranger?”
 “Taint seen im afore; sorry. Ah got udder nice fancy pitchers if’n ya care to looken Edna.”
“No, that painting was the one I wanted.  Where did you get it from Shef?  I need to know, it’s important.”
“Ah git it proper; git all my art and craft proper; git paperwork n all; my kin in Minnesota sent bunch of em last week from Cottonwood.  Dat one she got offa estate auction; paid nearen ten dollars for it n all.”
“Well do you know if it was signed? the artist? was there a signature on the painting?”
“Forgit..wait..still havn the tag ere.  Ya, it was signed, J.Robinson; looked im up; nuttin of interest.”
“This tag?  You sold it for $750?”
“Dat customer didn’t ain boder to h’gle; jist paid and goed.  Ya tinkin I sold it too cheap?”
Edna didn’t reply, she left Shef’s Arts, stepped onto the footpath, uttered a silent curse and kicked some snow into the gutter in anger.  Darn and darn, what are the odds of all this. Dejected, she walked along the sidewalk towards her Hummer; she would probably not see Aggie again today, perhaps tonight. She gave a little wave to her security patrol, parked directly behind then climbed into her vehicle and turned the ignition key.
She looked into the rear-view mirror and quickly turned the motor off. There it was again! propped up on the back seat; that painting..that painting of the woman in the red dress!  Edna reached for her Abenaki protecting charm and looked in the mirror again; it was still there. How? what? who? Her mind was racing and she sat there most bewildered...until she heard the short toot- toot of the car behind her. Oh those crazy security guys, how wonderful.  She turned to look at the painting.  It had a card attached “FOR A NICE LADY – THANK YOU FOR THE TOW AND ALL THE GRUB .. AND FOR NOT TELLING OUR BOSS.”
She smiled and started the engine, opened her window and poked her arm out and gave them a wave.  One of the men pointed to the large sign above Shef’s Gallery. Edna looked for a while and realized that even security people have a sense of humour.  The sign, once written as SHEF’S ARTS, was now minus the S in the centre.
Edna could hardly wait to get home and study the painting in more detail.
-oOo-
Ken kept shaking his head in disbelief “No way, I can’t believe it.  Missing? For two days? I was standing there looking at some sparks flying by me; I remember calling to Ernie; next thing I’m on the deck, naked, with Abdul on top of me.  I’ve been unconscious before, but never like this. All so weird; and I’ve got a headache from hell;  and my foot, it hurts really bad.”
“Have a look at this” said Ernie, picking up the surgical steel screw he found amongst Ken’s clothing, “seen this before?”
“No, should I? Looks like one of those screws that surgeons use to secure bone fractures.  I’ve got one of those things in my right foot; had a bit of a mishap when...when... aw Ernie, no, don’t tell me it’s mine.” Ernie nodded.
“Bullshit man, where’s that metal detector?”
It was early morning and not one of them wanted to leave the warmth of the Mess Hall.  The real problem was that no-one actually knew what happened. Where was Ken for the last two days? What had they actually seen? None were willing to accept the all too obvious dematerialisation/materialisation concept; it had to be something else.  Alex finally said, “Gentlemen, Professor Lien is still missing.  We’ve got Ken back, under mysterious circumstances. Abdul has to explain at least something to his superiors; something believable; something that won’t see him, and maybe even ourselves, put into straight-jackets and into padded cells.”
“I thank you for those words, which were my thoughts.  You know, there have been mysterious disappearances of people in the Sahara due to quick-sand.  As recently as three months ago, two teenagers were lost, simply disappeared.  They were fossicking along a dry river bed near Sirte and one of them began to sink; the other who tried to rescue him was also drawn down. Is there any chance, I mean any chance of believing, that perhaps the Professor and Mister Ken may have became similar victims? It was very dark after all. The fact that Mister Ken was rescued later was of course, a miraculous and wonderful event.”
Aaron rubbed his chin. “Quick-sand at this height? There’s a few holes in that story, to pardon my pun. Your own Ministry of Environment undertook extensive surveys and sampling of this area.”
“Hmm, you mean every square inch, every square inch?”
“Well no, of course not Abdul.”
“Well there you are then, those incompetents missed that spot, the spot where our men were sucked down.  If I were not of such a gentle mind, I would see them flogged with the plaited tail of a filthy donkey. Gentlemen, on behalf of my government, may I apologize for the inefficiencies of those overpaid bunglers.”
Ernie said, “Still, we have the problem of the professor my case isn’t closed yet.  Perhaps your report may remain inconclusive Abdul.  I must admit that’s the best scenario we have, I’ll go along with it, Aaron? Alex?”
“It’s better than the UFO abduction scenario Ernie.”
Aaron rose to his feet.  “OK, I’ll go rope off the area again and make another warning sign; it’s safe now, right Alex?”
“Just keep your balls out of the quick-sand mate.”
“And Abdul, where in blue blazes did you learn to crash tackle someone like that?  best tackle I’ve ever seen man.”
“Well I once was a centre forward for the Dergana Rovers.  We won the National Championship League runner-up twice;  in ten years, ha ha.  Who taught me to tackle? this man, right here; Mister Ken.”
Ernie also stood up and turned to Abdul, “Sir, I am sorry to report that the GSR I had promised to give you, is broken.  Someone dropped it onto the concrete floor and stepped on it;  in about 30 minutes from now.”
“Ah that is a shame Mister Ernie, however I would never dream to question this group of...of honourable men.”
Alex wondered what that was about, but didn’t press it. “I’m off to the office to wait for Aggie’s call. Abdul, Shükran, batal Al-Yawm.” Did that come out of me?  he thought.  “And how are you feeling now Ken? Would this be of any help?”
Alex reached into his backpack and pulled out a bottle of Irish Cream. He placed it into the out-reaching, and still trembling hands of Kenny Kain, who still had no idea of who this dickface was.
-oOo-
“Sweetheart, would you believe that it was quick-sand that took the men? and luckily, one was pulled back. That’s going to be the official line by the looks of it. How are you getting on with the calculations? any news of the professor’s whereabouts?”
“It’s good news and bad news honey.  The good news is that Professor Lien has materialized; well to a probability of 98.852.  Bad news is that we have no accurate location as to where on earth he is, and I mean that literally.  I’ve used a heap of data in tracking the orbit of the FOO. The one minute difference between the release of the carrier beams equates to one quarter of the planet’s surface.  He may even have materialized in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.  I’ve now reached the point where I can do no more.  Oh Alex, this is breaking my heart.”
 “Oh I wish I was there with you right now Aggie.  I take it that the FOO is no more?”
“Well yes, its owners have lost the control of it. It’s still up there, waiting for my instructions.”
“What a brilliant mind you have. Should we finish up here Aggie?”
 “I think so darling; I’ll talk with Abdul later.  I need to discuss things with the Ambassador first.  And I’ll brief Aaron as well.”
“Can’t wait to be in your arms again. Bye darling.”
“Hoy Ernie! Message from Aggie: she wants you to know that ‘THE FOO IS POO’.”
Both laughed. 
-oOo-
“You come at once please...no, now...immediately.”
Kurwa mac! he mumbled; these little shits are so formal, remind me of characters from Wizard of Oz.  “OK, OK I’m coming; what’s up now, has someone’s rubber band snapped?”
He was spirited along the many bland, mauve corridors of the huge building, left here; along there; right here until the corridors widened.  He faced the elevator and noticed that he now had six escorts around him. The doors slid open and all shuffled in; one of them pressed a button and the elevator whizzed upward to the eleventh floor.  He had never been to that floor; it was the tenth floor where he spent most of his time behind the controls and monitors.  He was again shuffled from the elevator along a corridor to a door. He did not know the writing on the plaque; it was in Chinese characters.
 “Ah Professor Melczarek, thank you for coming so quickly, I have something here, you should see.  Please tell me what you think.”
He looked at the large piece of paper that the Director placed on the desk in front of him. On it was a large picture of Nikita Khrushchev’s face.  Who could forget that face.  There were also words, Polish words, which read Halo Professor Melczarek, Tesknie za toba.
“I believe Mister Khrushchev is no longer a party member, let alone a living person of this planet; yet he salutes you and says he is watching you. Your answer please, Professor.”
“This was from the Kellor Resources Site in Algeria?”
“Indeed yes.  To say that our presence has been compromised is an understatement; would you agree?”
 “Er, are there other images, other events or clues which I may examine?”
“This was the last image beamed to our device, before we lost all communication and control.  It is now orbiting our planet like a piece of useless space garbage...expensive useless space garbage. I require answers, immediately.”
“We have been detected sir, I cannot deny that; nor can I explain how. May I be permitted to examine the data leading up to the last transmission? I may find the reason there.”
“No, you may not.  You will be restricted to your rooms until further notice; you will have no, absolutely no contact with anyone other than our security force.  We are inspecting your accommodation and your affects.  I would hope we do not find anything that may prove subversive to our interests. Consider yourself under house arrest; please leave this office now.” The Director waved to the escorts who roughly ushered Nick out into the corridor.
Nick yelled with all his might, “To, ze mala suka z Oklahomy! You must believe me, it’s that little bitch from Oklahoma!”
The Director placed some documents into his briefcase, the family photo with the silver frame, his solid gold fountain pen, his diplomas off the wall and a piece of paper which his daughter had drawn for him all those years ago.  He straightened his tie, looked around his office; his last look, and opened the door to the corridor.  He was going to face and report to the peoples’ committee.
Chapter Eighteen
“I’ll be home for dinner Aunt.”  Aggie had just given Edna the news that Ken had been rescued but Professor Lien was still missing.  She was feeling frustrated that there were no likely avenues left to try to find him. “What I’m trying to come to grips with aunt, is how much time to allow before we...or dear I hate saying this...give up the search for him.”
“Aggie, I’d like to contact Chief Atian; I know he’s frail now, but he’s so wise.  There’s another matter I want to talk to him about; can’t hurt.  Anyway, dinner will be ready, anything in particular?  Well we still have plenty of venison left.  See you then sweetheart.”
Edna went into the kitchen and sat down next to the painting.  She had placed it upright on one of the kitchen chairs.  It was definitely the same scene she had witnessed before, when she held the Goomeri Bone.  She felt a great pull, a temptation to go and pick up the bone again.  Perhaps when Aggie gets back; I don’t want to join the list of missing persons. She reached over to the bench, picked up a tea towel and draped it over the front of the painting, then went to make her call to Canada.
“Edna, listen to the voice of your heart and do not be distracted by things not of your trust.  If you make a choice and you have made it in harmony with yourself; it will always be the right choice. Dwell not on the consequence of other outcomes, be they better or worse than your choice; other results are not of your choosing and you can bear no ownership of them. My blessings on you my child, and also upon little Mourning-she-Coyote. I will be with my ancestors before the next full moon and my spirit will rise to the heavens and mingle with them. My wish is to die a warrior’s death.  Nitatci notlokangan umetabegesin Edna;  until we meet again.”
With tears in her eyes, Edna went back to the kitchen to prepare dinner.  She would wait for Aggie to come home before telling her of her visions.
-oOo-
‘That’s so very interesting aunt, I have been holding this Pointing Bone in my hands for a while now and feel absolutely nothing out of the ordinary; neither does Dwarg.  He knows there is something strange with its properties but cannot come up with explanations.  Seems it only becomes ‘sensitive” to certain people; it sure was for Alex, and Dwarg denies that he used it as a type of GPS for him.”
“Well Alex’s uncle wasn’t much help; he simply said that the bone will do its thing...point.”
“Seems beyond coincidence that the pointing bone comes from Australia, Uncle Oskar comes from Australia, your visions are of Australia and this painting here; it’s certainly a scene with an Aboriginal woman and child. And this J. Robinson, there is no clue who he or she may be?”
“The closest I came to that name in the list of Australian artists was a June Robinson. I looked at some of her work on the internet, but most are of the traditional dot and stick paintings;  nothing like this one.  Old Shef says it was bought at auction out of Minnesota; so there’s no provenance to help with the origin of it.”
“Hmm, another coincidence; Minnesota is where Alex’s Uncle Oskar used to live as a kid. So tell me exactly everything you saw in your vision.  You say you could actually smell the place?”
“Yes, the smoke from the fire, the dust; and even the heat, I remember breaking out in a sweat, even though it was only a few minutes.  But it was that woman, this woman, who really scared me Aggie.  She looked directly at me; as if I was really there.  She had bright blue piercing eyes, almost hypnotic.  The way she pointed to me and to something I couldn’t see.  It really gave me a fright. And her voice, it was sharp and high pitched.”
“She spoke to you?”
“I suppose so Aggie, didn’t have a clue what she was saying, but I could tell she was getting upset that I wasn’t reacting to her.”
“Can you remember her words?  any of her words?”
“Well, definitely not English; what I thought she was hollering was er, Thow Mung?”
“Hmm, languages I’m good at, thanks to Dwarg. Australian Aboriginals use language in strict context. Their words can be inflected to give different meanings. Thow Mung; it means Old Man.  And those words would be common to the Bangerang and the Gandangara Nations.  Can you remember any other words Aunt Edna?”
“Pretty sure she also said Moolawa Naan Moolawa; I remembered them because they sound much like Abenaki words.”
“Um...White Man See White Man.  So in context and by pointing she said...Look, there is the old Man;  a White Old Man, look.”
Both women just starred at each other;  no one wanted to talk first;  their thoughts and questions were exactly the same...Rienus Lien?  Dwarg felt like a flatlander bumping into a tall pole;  he could not analyse this or the other coincidences of the moment.
“Aggie, I must follow my heart;  please pass me the Goomeri Pointing Bone, and my charm medicine necklace. Darn, is that your pink phone ringing? I’ll wait till you’ve finished your business sweetheart.”
-oOo-
“Ma’am, we’ve found Professor Lien, er, we’ve located Professor Lien;  in Australia.  He’s alive and well.”
“Yippee!!! AUNT!  The professor’s been found! and he’s safe...Yippee!”
“Australia, you say Ernie?  Please tell me everything.”
“He was found by an Aboriginal person, just outside a place called Alice Springs.  And just like Ken Kain, he appeared out of nowhere, naked and confused, thinking he was still on site at Reggane here.  Luckily, his rescuer took him to the US base close by, you know, Pine Gap. Well they took him and locked him up, in what I suppose would be close to a padded cell. Pine Gap is one of our worst kept secret, secret bases and they have had their fair share of demonstrators, UFO chasers and conspiracy theorists and thought he was just another one of them. During his questioning, the professor mentioned me by name and luckily one of the interrogators happened to be an old student of mine. He contacted the agency who contacted me. As far as I know, he is unharmed and well.”
“Oh that’s fantastic news, is there any chance of speaking with him on the phone?”
“Afraid not ma’am, secret stuff and all that; and there will be a lot of questions about his presence;  my contacts with the CIA aren’t all that powerful, so his release may be tricky.”
“Guess I’ll have to call in a few favours Ernie.  You know the weather in Central Australia is nice and warm this time of the year; ever visited the land down-under?”
 “Well I did pack my sunscreen and shorts before coming to the Sahara, guess I may have a use for them after all.”
“Ernie, who else knows about the professor?”
“No one here ma’am. I wanted you to be the first to know.”
“Thank you.  Please inform Jade and Alex. I’d rather like to tell Abdul and Aaron myself; after we have the professor back.  Nevertheless, we can plan further when you come back to HQ.”
“Er, Ma’am...Professor Lien...in Australia?”
“Oh there has to be an answer, perhaps his nervous breakdown led him to wonder off or maybe his exposure to stray exotic particle beams disoriented him, and he went walkabout.”
“Walkabout?”
“Yes Ernie, an Australian expression.  To go walkabout, means to take a break, a short return to tradition, a hiatus of sorts.  Maybe the pressure of work got to him.  How he managed to find his way to Australia?..well that’s anyone’s guess.”
“OK ma’am, the chopper is warming up and Jade is ready to take off from Reggane.  I shall see you in a couple of hours.  Good luck with your contacts in the agency.”
As soon as she had wished Ernie bon voyage, Aggie contacted the White House. Within 30 minutes, she had Professor Lien on the line.  “Professor Lien, I know you will be confused and disorientated, but please be patient. I’m sending Ernie to go collect you and bring you back to HQ Lebanon.  At this stage I can tell you that you’ve been exposed to some sort of radiation which has now been neutralized.  I’ve arranged for your comfort and there won’t be any further interrogation.  How are you faring?”
“Oh Aggie, I’m so glad to hear your voice, I have so many questions, I don’t know what happened, one minute I was strolling to my cabin...” Aggie interrupted him.
“Please Professor, say no more until we get you out of there.  You’ve suffered some temporary memory loss and you must relax for a while. I promise everything will be fine, but it’s extremely important that you rest and let your system recover.  Please, please promise me that?”
“SSJH?”
“Indubitably Professor Lien.”
-oOo-
Dwarg, you’ve been remarkably quiet for a long time. Everything OK?
The truth was that Dwarg was beginning to realize that his host was very much further intellectually advanced than he ever imagined.  She had mastered all these amazing events almost single handed. He was of some use with calculations and interpretations, but that alone was nowhere near the quality and level of the sophistication of her problem solving abilities. The Humans had a description of how he felt;  he was becoming a.. Second Banana; and he knew it was of his own doing. 
You have learnt so much Aggie.  There have been times when I have difficulty keeping up with you, and your use of your knowledge. I fear for my usefulness.
No no no, Dwarg, don’t you dare, don’t you even invite those thoughts in; I won’t hear of anything even closely related to this. You are a part of me, I have accepted you unconditionally.  I do need you in every aspect of my life.  When you left me all those years ago, I tried many things to forget about you and your presence, even nearly died when going through my rites of passage. I know you belong to the Whisps’ Aura and must return sometime; but I am a Human and, unlike you, I will die. Please stay with me until I am close to that time. Please please tell me so Dwarg.
It will be so Aggie.
-oOo-
“Sorry aunt; looks like the painting and the bone were wrong; well maybe not wrong, but our thinking was wrong.  Good to know the professor’s been found at last. I’ll send Ernie over to Australian to escort him back here.  Wow, what strange happenings lately.”
“Sure is great news about Professor Lien, and how strange that he ended up in the land Down-Under. Aggie, I’ve still got these weird sensations when holding the Goomeri.  It’s still trying to tell me something;  my gut feeling is that the Goomeri Pointing Bone wants me to do something – if it wasn’t to point out Rienus Lien; well and good.  But as we know, there’s far too many coincidences to brush this off as poo bah or speculation. Not everything in this world is explainable by scientists or priests or Whisps, eh?”
Aggie ignored the jibe. “Just let me look at this painting again aunt; there has to be something; a clue, anything.”
Aggie saw that the painting was acrylic on a Masonite board; “hmm that was the preferred medium of Aboriginal painters, also the artist used an off-white wash, I can see splashes of it around the border.  The composition is a little askew; towards the top, the white billowing smoke looks like it had been blown by a light breeze, yet the woman’s hair looks like it had been blown by a strong wind. No dust being stirred up; hard to judge the time of day looking at the shadows, perhaps about 11 am.  No discernible horizon, just an interesting progression of colour; quite clever and what’s this thing in the middle of the upper column of smoke, it’s brown, shapeless; no other colour like that in the painting. Aunt what do you suppose this could be?”
“Could be leaves off the tree showing through the smoke; perhaps not, there is no tree trunk or branches under that. Not a swirl chaos is it?”
“Dwarg is not impressed; that’s from him aunt, not from me.”
“Hmm, whatever happened to our smart little Dwargles? not such a clever Whisp now, are we? Anyway Aggie, pass me that Goomeri.  What will be, will be.  Here we go.”  Edna placed it in her hand, closed her fingers around it, and immediately fell into a swoon.
“I’m seeing it again Aggie,” she whispered, “the Australian desert.  I know I’m home here in Putney, yet I can see this hot and desolate place; guess it’s much like poking my head through a small window or looking through a movie camera on full zoom.  There’s that woman, the woman in red, she’s just turned her head to look at me.  Again with the pointing and those words; I can’t see an old white man – I can only see as far as the edge of the scene on the painting. I’m trying to turn my head to look where’s she’s pointing; can’t see anything, she’s yelling again Aggie, I’ll try to repeat them, sounds like yakorma.
Aggie touched Edna on the arm; “Gosh, another  dialect;  she’s saying come on or come here.”
“Now she’s pointing upward at something, at the smoke, no at that brown thing in the painting that we couldn’t identify.  She’s now saying pekka pekka?”
“Ah...ghosts or spirits. Aunt do you think you can say or yell to her? Try saying wunna, it means I don’t know.”
Edna tried her best to yell out to the woman but could not get any words out; instead, the woman wailed, Burringilling, again pointing to the spot within the smoke coming from her fire.
“Thank goodness for Dwarg aunt.  Burringilling is a spirit associated with progress or growth, you know, in the area of reaching the age of man or womanhood, it’s mostly related to initiations and ceremonies. The spirit can be part human, part animal and hides in trees or soil or clouds or smoke – and here’s something interesting; the Burringilling carries a magical tool – a talisman which gives him powers of transformation.  With this, he can change the shape of the landscape, the weather and even himself.  He has been known to transform himself into a young handsome man and ravish the women around him – he wants the resulting babies for some reason.  The English translation of the word Burringilling means walking together.”
“Well that only makes things more confusing Aggie...so far she has told me that there is an old white man somewhere over there, and that there is a ghost spirit in the smoke and something to do with walking together; can’t just seem to make any sensible connection with it all.”
“This may sound silly aunt, but try to think those words to her; just like I do with Dwarg, you know, like a kind of projection, tell her wunna.”
Edna tried to concentrate and remembered her first conversation with Dwarg via Aggie.  She thought of the word wunna and sent it off to the woman who was still staring at her.  Wunna, wunna she thought, and indeed it seemed that the woman heard what Edna was trying to say. She placed her baby on some dry leaves on the ground, threw both arms upward, towards the Burringilling in the smoke, then crossed them as if she had captured something, then turned to the spot she wanted Edna to see.  “Aggie, she’s yelling naan moolawa pekka Burringilling and again pointing to that damn place I can’ see.”
“Ok, she’s saying see the white man, he is in a partnership or friendship with a ghost, they are related.”
“Oh this is so damn frustrating, I don’t know what else to do Aggie; I think I’ve had enough of this; may try again later; oh heck, that woman is getting hysterical, Ok I’ll stay a bit longer lady.”
“Say the name Robinson to her and see if you get any reaction.”
Edna called out “Robinson!” The woman  immediately screamed wildly, picked up her baby and ran away, out of Edna’s view.
“Whoa, that certainly brought on a reaction from her.  Boy, did she get upset hearing that name; she didn’t even say goodbye.  That’s it, enough for me for one day.”
“It may be a wild assumption aunt, but many spiritual people believe that by having their image captured by a camera or even a painting, is to place their spirits or souls in another world from which they cannot escape; they see themselves as not complete and to die in such a state would see their missing spirit wondering forever – or worse, have no spirit at all. No-one would remember what the deceased person looked like and in essence become a blank ancestor.
“Hmm, I wonder if this J. Robinson painted that woman and she believes that her own spirit has been taken away and put in the painting.  I know this fear and belief is common among many peoples and races of the world; even amongst our own.  Aggie, what about the baby?”
“I think the child is much too young to be effected by traditional magic and beliefs. And thinking about it all, I dare say that J. Robinson is not an Aboriginal.”
“Would he be the old white man?”
“Hmm, sounds reasonable, aunt.”
Chapter Nineteen
“Mister Ernie, it has been a truly wonderful and interesting experience working with you.  My only regret is that the project will suffer delays in view of our professor’s absence.  Perhaps Miss Aggie will see all of our efforts not be in vain; I know she is resolute, so I live in hope that her ideas and proposals will find us all in mutual harmony. As a matter for my consideration, would you, if you were in my position, give some finality of seeing Professor Lien ever again?”
“I know of the delicate position you are in Abdul, and no, I would not write-off our man...just yet;  but that’s only my personal opinion.  I’ve his papers and documents in this bag and I’ll take them back to HQKR.  No doubt Mrs Kellor will be talking to you or the ambassador about the matter.  Nevertheless, it’s good to see at least that the construction of the generator is proceeding.  Abdul, I do have one question, purely for my own interest..on this project, what is meant by sculpturing?”
 “Ah...did you see the mountains outside Adrair?  They have many tunnels which contain huge amounts of radio-active stuff.  The plan was, after we use the FRENCH VC, you know, that vacuum cleaner to clean everything up, we were going to reshape the landscape, so it will look like a lovely sculpture.”
“Hmm, sure.  It’s a shame the GSR is broken friend, but that’s OK, I understand,  everyone has their secrets to keep.”
“Indeed Mister Ernie, perhaps Miss Aggie will be talking to you about sculpturing.” The deliberate and exaggerated wink from Abdul, suggested to Ernie that the subject was closed.
Abdul waved at the departing helicopter containing Ken, Ernie and Alex; they would be at Reggane airport in a matter of minutes, then onto the Gulfstream and headed for the USA.  He walked over to the edge of the helipad and looked down at the vista below.  His eyes followed the high mountain chain far to the horizon which enclosed the enormous and extensive valley.  Just like a big pond, probably the biggest pond on Earth; yes I can see it filled with cool, clear fresh water, harvested from the clouds that Miss Aggie will arrange.  Just need to build up some of the lower lying walls at the Northern Boundary; just a little sculpturing required there.
Ken was still sedated as the Gulfstream left Africa’s airspace; that is to say he had downed the equivalent of a large bottle of white Bacardi as soon as the plane took off.  Jade came into the cabin and Ernie invited him to sit next to him on the large leather lounge.  “Alex, Jade..I’ve some news; I’ve already informed Mrs Kellor.  Professor Lien has been found... in Australia – he’s alive and well – confused like Ken over there, but all in all, we have him.  Well the CIA has him, he was picked up at one of the US bases in Central Australia; it’s a secret tracking and detection installation.  One of their guys contacted me to confirm his identity. Mrs Kellor is trying to get him released through her own contacts; apart from that, that’s all I know.”
“Holy shit man, that’s good news, good bloody news.  First Ken now the professor...but Australia? What’s that all about? How the hell did he end up over there? Ernie, if you say he is involved in some espionage or something subversive, I swear I’ll throw you off this plane.”
“Whoa sport, it could be as simple a nervous breakdown or disorientation by those zaps and rays and things; he could just have wondered off; God knows how he ended up that far away; I really don’t know Jade.”
Alex said, “There has been a lot of crazy goings-on lately and I’m sure we’ll all get to the bottom of it.  The main thing is that the professor is safe; that was the reason for this trip right?”
“Of course right” said Ernie as he punched the air, “and by the way Jade, ever flown to Australia before?”
“Just one adventure after another; I love Australia.  Feel like coming along as well Alex?”
“Hey hang on you guys, I’ve got wooing to do; haven’t even gone on a date with my girlfriend yet.  You all go off and have your adventures; I’ll be happy just holding hands with Aggie.”
“You just watch yourself Alex.  Aunt Edna has been known to grab and squash the manhood of many an entrepreneuring suitor.”
“All I can say Jade, is, don’t be surprised if we become related; always wanted a brother, I was an only child.”
“Same here.  You are aware of the Kellor heritage?”
“Ah, the Abenaki nation meets Anglo Saxon.  Would I be accepted by the elders?”
“May sound corny but the answer is in your honesty. When I asked for blessings upon my Phoebe, old chief Atian placed his hand on her head and asked if the love in her heart was honest.  You know what she said? You will have to ask Jade, because my heart is his.  You can see why we haven’t left each other’s side since our wedding day; and I don’t mind admitting we are still deeply in love.”
“So how did you guys meet?”
“Take too long to tell you that story Alex, but it involves guinea pigs and a long court battle; anyway must get back to the missus, I don’t altogether trust Hal at the controls.”
Ernie said, “As for me; some shut-eye would be appropriate.”
Alex also pressed the recline button on the lavish leather lounge-chair and lay back with a yawn; he was asleep within minutes. Alex, this is Slig, can you hear me?
-oOo-
The ambulance was parked beside the Gulfstream’s hangar.  Aggie and Edna were inside eagerly awaiting the jet’s arrival. Ernie had finally managed to talk Ken into having a few days convalescing at the Brattleboro Memorial Hospital.  There he could unwind and come to grips as to what had happened to him; no easy task. Jade and Phoebe also needed a much deserved (and obligatory) rest before again, taking to the air and flying to Australia. “So many things have happened lately aunt, I wish I could just simply take Alex’s hand and run away with him for a while, you know, and just lay down on a sandy beach under a coconut tree, just like in those commercials on TV.”
“Well things being the way they are Aggie, I can see everything pointing that way before long; don’t you think?”
“Oh I really hope so.  I see that Ernie has decreased the security presence around here; not a sign of a soldier or armed car. Maybe things will get back to normal quicker than we think. I’ve still got a lot of projects planned, and I’m struggling to keep to my schedule. My C.A.D, sorry aunt, my Cloud Attraction and Dissipater prototype should be on the drawing board as soon as I iron out a few bugs in the circuitry.  A lot depends on Professor Lien and whether or not he has full control of his faculties.  I’m overjoyed having him back at last.”
“Glad Alex was on the scene Aggie, he really stepped up to the plate with getting your machines to work and getting our people back.”
“Considering all he’s gone through lately, I’m happy and proud of him; he’s the one isn’t he aunt?”
Edna nodded and Aggie threw her arms around her. She thought, dear Aggie, how will all of this work out with our Whisps? In fact, I wonder how Alex is coping with... what’s his face?...Slig.
At that very moment, Alex and Slig were indeed communicating.  It was awkward at first.  Alex was comfortable and dozing when he heard Slig ask if it was OK to talk with him. It will take a lot of convincing for me not to see you as a parasite; tell me everything; the whys, the hows and the whats of you and your mate Dwarg.  No crap please; if I hear anything out of kilter, I’ll simply turn my mind off you. I’ve already had a chat with Aggie’s friend and the jury is still out.  I was convinced that she was entertaining a dual or multiple personality, but I must admit that there is something odd... and I did promise Aggie to open my mind to the possibility of an entity. Is this the way we communicate? I just think at you?
Yes, it’s as simple as that.
You understand of course that I will be sceptical and suspicious of you; that’s my nature.  But I guess you already know that.
I do not have a full understanding of your emotions and can only relate to you of what I have learnt.  In the world of the Whisps, the Aura, we have, if any, a limited sense of emotion.  Having said that, perhaps you should wake yourself while we are now communicating.  By doing so, you will be able to dispel the possibility that you are only dreaming this dialogue with me.
Ok, let’s just do that; tell you what, why don’t you wake me up... Ouch! That was damn painful, you little.. Well Ok, I’m wide awake now.  All these other guys are still out to it. Now, first question: back there I spoke to Abdul in Arabic; I’ve never known another language besides Cajun. Were you involved in that?
Ah yes, you now have the ability to read, write and speak any language of the Humans. There are other things that are available.
Hmm, might come in handy; I take it that Aggie has the same capability.  Now this is a question involving emotions; I have obviously been directed by you or Dwarg to seek out Aggie all the way from New Orleans; guess you could say I was a taxi for Dwarg. OK, in my heart, I feel a genuine love for that girl, yet part of me questions the way all this happened.  I worry that I was manipulated without my consent; I worry that I did not have full control of my life. In this sense, it will be hard for me to be fully open to you.  Can you understand that Slig?
It is certain that there was a desire by Dwarg to reach his host Aggie.  It is certain that he showed influence with your conscience in relation to the Human woman Charlene who wished to copulate with you. You should know that she carries a condition of Chlamydia which Dwarg had identified. The object, “Goomeri Pointing Bone” has unknown properties and defies our knowledge; indeed that object was more of the driving force to motivate you in your journey to Putney.
That’s interesting; go on.
As to your thoughts of being a Taxi, it may be said that Dwarg and I merely put fuel into your machine but it was the Goomeri that took control of the steering and hence the destination. Your belief in its powers made it even more powerful.
So with your combined knowledge of everything in the universe, you don’t know about the power of a little bone with a piece of string or hair attached?
That assertion is correct Alex.  Our knowledge is limited to the world and its Aura; the power of that object comes from a realm not of our understanding.
Did you notice that as soon as I handed it over to Edna, the bone lost all its interest in me?
I felt the transition Alex.  The bone, I believe, will now direct and point and place its power with the Human Edna. 
And my relationship with Aggie?
That is for you alone. There is, and never will be, any influence by me upon your emotions regarding her.
I’m going to marry that girl; how do you feel about that?
Out of this world, Alex.
Ok, nothing wrong with your sense of humour. Now down to the nitty gritty; Dwarg says you guys are here to protect the Aura; from what? Are we in some sort of danger and what are the plans?
-oOo-
Aggie’s mobile rang; it was the State Department.  “Well aunt, the professor is on his way... to Bellows Field in Hawaii where we can collect him.  Seems it would be a little awkward for us to just turn up to collect him from Pine Gap in Australia. He’s being kept under wraps and enjoying the VIP attention; so we’ll have him back faster than we planned.”
“I hope he’s OK; it’s just unbelievable what’s happened to him; and Aggie, he’s not getting any younger. I remember talking with him to see if he shouldn’t take it a bit easier with his lifestyle; his reaction was loud and clear..then he took off on his Harley in a tizzy-fit.”
-oOo-
“Ahem Alex, you may put Aggie down now, she does have legs you know.  And Ernie, this must be Mister Ken Kain; hello I’m Edna and this is Aggie.”  She shook his hand vigorously; Dwarg knew what he had to do; “thank you so much for all the fine work you gentlemen have done.”
 “Pleased to meet you Edna, Aggie.” said Ken.  “Don’t exactly know what went on back there in Africa but everybody seems to be happy with the results.  To be honest I don’t rightly know why Ernie bothered to have me along in the first place.”
“Well Ken, from what I’ve heard, you actually put your body on the line; even if you didn’t know it at the time; for that we’re all truly grateful.  I’m sure glad you’ve agreed to have a little spell in the Brattleboro Hospital; it’s really a nice place and I guarantee you will be pampered like a movie star. We all just want to know that there won’t be any side-effects from your..your episode in the quicksand.”
“Well, Ernie promised me saunas, spas, gourmet food and a room with a view, and oh yes, satin sheets and sheep-skin blankets.”
“Ernie,” quipped Edna, “you forgot to mention the Swedish massages and the Brattleboro wet ice T-Shirt competitions. Anyway Ken, the VIP treatment starts now.  That is your ride over there; don’t worry about the wheelchair; it’s a hospital rule, just humour them. Anything you need, anything, you just ask.”
The group waved to him as he was wheeled to the ambulance. Aggie had gone to great lengths to find a surgeon who would re-insert Ken’s screw into his little toe...and not ask questions. She had also ensured that the Department of Defence was aware of his temporary assignment with Kellor Resources; they had no problems with that. I’d love to see the look on his face when he’s wheeled out to the car-park after his release, thought Aggie.  Waiting for him was his new Maserati  Gran Turismo; a gift from the grateful directors of Kellor Resources.
 “Ernie, a change of plans, we can collect Professor Lien in Hawaii.  The State Department didn’t want us anywhere around Pine Gap so they put him on a black plane to Honolulu.  He should be relaxing and enjoying an ice-cream cone on Waikiki Beach this very minute.  He’s under the care of some Liaison Officers at Fort Shafter. I’ll tell Jade and Phoebe. Probably fly out in the morning.”
“And if Rienus gives me the third degree?”
“I’m sure you can dodge those questions Ernie, besides I’m coming along too; I’m only grounded within the USA remember?”
Aggie turned to Alex “How about you dear heart? Could I talk you into coming along as well?  We could watch the sunset from a park-bench on Kalakaua Avenue, then perhaps a luau, then a stroll in the warm sands around Diamond Head.”
“Aggie, do you expect me to just get on a plane and go to Hawaii; you are asking me to go to a place where there’s no snow, ice, sleet and frosting flurries, black ice mud, snowfalls that bury cars, a place where I don’t need to wear thermals, where my hair doesn’t grow icicles? Hmm...well, if you insist...OK, I’ll come along...if that’s all right with you, Aunt Edna?”
“Fine, just go off and leave me here; don’t like wearing those hula skirts and coconut bras anyway; they give me splinters.  So Aggie, I think a shopping session is in order.  I’m sure Alex could use some new clothes and I know just which store; I think they are having their Summer sale a few months earlier this year. By the way Aggie, we should buy some clothes for Rienus as well.”
-oOo-
Aggie smiled warmly when she saw Rienus Lien.  He was sitting on a fold-up canvas chair and was busily working on a cryptic crossword puzzle in a woman’s magazine.  He casually looked up and saw her. Aggie laughed as he sprung up with joy and ran to her; it reminded her of the malamute puppies’ joy in seeing her coming home from school. “Oh Aggie, it’s so good to see you.  You can’t know what I’ve been through. Australia, I ended up in Australia!  Still can’t believe it Aggie.”
She hugged Rienus Lien lovingly. “Professor, let’s get you out of this place and away from your escorts.  I have a lovely place where we can spend the next day or two working things out.”
“Hello Ernie, believe it or not, I’m happy to see you as well.  I dropped your name back there at Pine Gap and luckily someone knew you and led me on this path back to civilization.”
Ernie smiled and went to talk with the two men who were obviously CIA agents.  He shook hands with them, signed a piece of paper and they left.  He turned to Aggie and gave her the thumbs up.
Aggie held Rienus’s hand tightly and Dwarg didn’t waste any time in going on his DNA trip. “Professor, we were all very worried about you. Do you remember Abdul back there in Reggane? He was frantic when you disappeared. He still doesn’t know that you’ve been found; but we can talk about that later.  Now I would like for you to meet someone very special to me. Professor Lien, this is Alex Bentley, Alex this is Professor Rienus Lien.”
“Glad to meet you at last sir; I’ve heard so much about you; and congratulations on your return to..to being here.”
“Ah, I see it all Aggie, this young man is your beau. Bentley? I’ve heard of you...astronaut?...space station? Yes of course, the last shuttle mission.  Had some trouble talking with the Press...sorry, I’m thinking out loud; please call me Rienus.  Aggie keeps calling me Professor, don’t know why, she’s my boss and holds more degrees than I do and I don’t teach anymore. Oh yes, I suppose Abdul will be in a tizzy, poor chap, he has so many people he has to report to. Young man, I cannot help but see your doughy eyes for our Aggie; just how did you find yourself involved in all this?”
“Ah Rienus, that’s a story which may rival your own adventures; Aggie tells me that tonight we’re going to join in a luau, how about I tell you then, away from the prying eyes of all the spooks, spies and men in black?”
“Great; looking forward to that.  Aggie, just one question before we leave...do you know what happened to me?  Don’t need to know the mechanics, but do you know?”
“To be fair Professor, I think, repeat think, I know.  Did you get to see the DVDs of the original Star Trek TV episodes that I asked the Base Liaison Officer to give you?”
“Didn’t get to watch them all, but I’ve seen most of the series years ago.  Don’t take this the wrong way Aggie, but I would have preferred some operas to watch, even Gilbert and Sullivan, even some Rogers and Hammerstein. Captain Kirk and his motley crew became a little hard to appreciate, although I must admit that a lot of concepts have become realities...the communications, the touch pads, the...oh oh, the transporter...?”
Aggie looked around and whispered in Rienus’s ear...
“Hmm, beam me up Professor. Somewhere, somehow, we’ve stumbled on something much like the gadget on Star Trek; but of course that’s only my humble reckoning.”
-oOo-
The spit roast was delicious and the tropical fruits tasted sweeter and fresher than home. “I’ve quite forgotten just how wonderful the taste of a ripe mango is. Don’t mind if I have another bowl of fruit salad, how about you guys? Going for seconds?”
“No thanks Professor, those roasted yams on pineapple slices were enough to fill me.” Rienus walked back with his plate to the buffet table.  Jade, Phoebe and Ernie decided to take a long evening stroll to the base of Diamond Head.  Aggie turned to Alex, “How about you sweetheart? those girls in their short skirts were just about fighting each other to serve you.”
“And I only have eyes for you Aggie. No thanks, I’m full as well. You realize we have to dance later, it’s expected. I was just about to tell you everything about the hula and the meanings of the hand, arms and body movements, but Slig has just reminded me that there is not too much that you don’t know.”
“Ah, are we coming to grips with our belief in Whisps Alex?”
“Gees Aggie, it’s such a big ask; well a lot of it makes sense, yet there’s still that lingering doubt.  Do I truly believe in the existence of that non-physical world, the Aura as they call it? I’ll play along with it; it doesn’t seem to be causing any harm.  You know of course that once things have settled down with your projects, Slig and Dwarg want to go chase aliens around the globe? That should be a bundle of fun.”
“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves sweetheart, there’s still a lot to do.  Alex...oh dear I’m nervous asking you this,..Alex, would you consider joining us at Kellor Resources?  I’ll understand if you feel you should keep to your career with NASA.”
“Aggie, I love everything about you, your strength, your principles, your ethics and your spirit.  I love you. I love you truly and sincerely with all my heart. I want to be with you, I want to protect you and I want to live in the essence of you.  If you ask me to die for you, I would do it unquestionably, you have my life and my love completely.  You ask me to join you?  I will do so with every part of my being.  Yes of course I will join you; Aggie will you join me...as my wife?”
She threw her arms around him, “Yes, I’ll happily be your squaw, Alex from NASA.”
The rest of the evening was a blur for this young couple in love.  They danced and swayed to the rhythms of the drums and guitars and bystanders marvelled at their performance; even the professional hula dancers saw the magic in their movements and read the very clear message of their betrothal.  They had made a promise to each other not to reveal their engagement until the proper protocol was followed...not that it prevented Dwarg and Slig having an extended conversation that night in the penthouse suite of the Honolulu Towers.
Professor Lien didn’t need to be made aware of the chemistry between Aggie and Alex.  Later, he was alone, standing at a window looking down on Waikiki Beach. Sometimes Shit Just Happens, he chuckled to himself, ha ha, S.S.J.H.  Hours earlier, Aggie had explained as best she could of the FOO spy satellite, of the beams, frequencies and the tin-box of parts she used to beam him back to Earth, and also about Ken Kain who was similarly transported and deposited back to the ground. It was a technology that Aggie didn’t particularly want to investigate and Rienus agreed that it belonged to future generations. “And Aggie, young Alex is Ok with it all? he actually understands what’s happened and what we are all about?”
“If not for Alex, you would still be a little white beam, dangling off a broken satellite in orbit. Alex and I are kindred spirits Professor, and have a relationship far beyond imagination.”
 He watched and followed the progress of a small boat sailing just outside the white frothy waves lapping the shore.  He emptied his glass of Bombora Tropicale and winched as he chewed on the lime slice. In a few days he would be back at Reggane Algeria, priming up the capacitor.  Hope this fine romance doesn’t slow Aggie down too much with the construction of her rain making machine, he thought.  And he so missed those cups of coffee that only Abdul could brew.
-oOo-
Alex had a lot of things to do.  He had to make sure that his father was Ok with the new direction.  His father was so proud of his son being an astronaut and basked in the glory.  He had kept scrap books of Alex’s progress since acceptance into the Academy.  He had records of interviews, tapes, photographs, certificates and a collection of trophies which he faithfully kept with pride. Alex knew that his father would be disappointed if he did quit NASA, but this change in his life was so much more important than anything else in he could think of.
After getting back to the mainland, Aggie had agreed that Alex should go back to New Orleans and do the proper thing with Archie, her soon to be father-in-law.  Unfortunately Alex could not take Aggie with him; there were far too many pressing and urgent things to do with the project in Algeria.  Further, Aggie wanted to keep a close eye on Rienus before letting him go back to Africa.
“Aggie, I should tell you a few things about my dad before you meet him.”
“Before you say anymore darling, remember we have Whisps; I already know about Archie Bentley; and he is a kind soul; that’s all I need to know.  I am so looking forward to meeting him and being a part of his life.”
“Err, how about Uncle Oskar?”
“What a delightful character he is, and according to Dwarg he is a pure and near perfect Human Being.”
“Does Dwarg have a sense of humour Aggie? Maybe his take on pure and near perfect is not quite how the rest of the Human Race sees him.  He’s a petty criminal, a conman, a boozer and he’s unrefined and smelly.”
“And you hate him for that?”
“I love him like I would a real uncle; he raised me up and saw me through some hard times...Ok Aggie, point taken. Now how about your side of the family?”
“Well you know I’ve been orphaned since I was ten years old and Aunt Edna took care of me, but you should know that I have an extended family which includes people not directly related to me by blood.  I can’t honestly say that you need to be afraid or careful of any of them, but they are part of my life and culture which I cannot and would not avoid.”
“Ah yes, Mourning She-Coyote, Abenaki Princess, personal favourite of Chief Atian of Canada, to whom, by the way, I need to go and explain my intentions.”
“Oh dear Alex, Aunt Edna does tend to say things that perhaps she shouldn’t; I never realised you knew those things.”
“Don’t blame Edna; blame Dwarg and Slig; those little Whisps are quite the gossipers.” They laughed out loud, much to the embarrassment (a new emotion under investigation) of Dwarg and Slig. A week, maybe two should see me settle things with dad and NASA.  Aggie, if you would like an engagement celebration, I agree to anything you would desire, anything, any place, any time.  I know there’s important things happening at the moment and I won’t push you for urgency.  As long as I know we are a couple, that makes me a happy man.”
“Oh you’re such a darling. I will miss you so much.”
-oOo-
 “Ah...the Mud Season in New Hampshire and Vermont,” commented Rienus as he watched the rain fall outside HQ Kellor Resources.  “Is it true what they say...that the locals always carry extra ropes and chains in their trunks to help pull the tourists out of the ditches alongside the roads?”
“A bit of an urban myth I think Professor.  Some comedian came up with that story which goes on to say that the locals tow the tourists out, not for money, but for the sheer joy of seeing flatlanders embarrassed. I know Aunt Edna did succumb to the temptation a few times.  I suppose you will be enjoying the sands of the Sahara before long? That’s certainly an extreme contrast.”
 “I must admit that I’m looking forward to getting back to the coal face Aggie; I was so close with the ionizing phase.  I really believe it will work. All that radioactivity out there, ready to be harnessed and neutralized; and your big pond plan; I’m over the moon to be involved in that.  May I say how grateful I am to you for taking me away from the UO; and although I admit to some jealousy of not becoming its President, I’ve never been more satisfied with my lot than I am now. Our collaboration is the highlight of my life, dear girl.”
“And without you Professor Lien, all this would not have been possible.  I’m sure any other person would be basking in his own glory; not you; you are a genuine humanitarian and good soul and I’m so happy our paths crossed back there in Oklahoma...even happier to see you alive and well after your Star Trek voyage.”
“Speaking of which my dear Aggie, what about that Chinese FOO?  It’s still up there out of control...Oh, Ok I’ll ask no more...I know you well enough by now, you have a plan...don’t you?”
“Why Professor, whatever do you mean? By the way, do you recall a certain Professor Nicolades Melczarek from those days at the LHC in Geneva?”
“That highfaluting Safety Director who underwent the Aggie Kellor Experience then ran off in a tizz?  Last I heard of him, he was lecturing in a university in Singapore, that was a few years ago though...why do you ask?”
“My spies tell me that he had some involvement with the programming and design of our wayward FOO, if so; and I presume the Chinese haven’t kept him in a prison or worse; we may be able to woo him to do some work for us.”
“Hmm that may present all sorts of security problems Aggie.  I very much doubt that the State Department would welcome him to the USA with a Green Card.”
“No, don’t get me wrong Professor; it would be strictly on a contract basis, far away from our installations.  I need to pick his brains to see if there are ways of reprogramming the FOO for much better purposes. 
Anyway I’ve asked Ernie to try and find him and make discreet enquiries.”
“I take it that our government knows nothing about the FOO?”
“Well not exactly Professor.  It’s you, me, Aunt Edna, Ernie and Alex, and a contact friend of his named Rob Allen who was the one who actually identified it.  I’m sure the Peoples’ committee in China don’t want to let the cat out of the bag and reveal that one of their non-existent spy satellites is missing.  I don’t know of any convention or agreements or laws covering salvage rights in space...so finders’ keepers. As to notifying the government? of course we will...in due course.”
“I don’t know how you keep up with it all dear girl. Now let’s get down to these circuits of your CAD...I see you have redesigned S7, was the emission too weak?”
“Yes, it was only when I got to examine the alignment and convergence of the theta pulses, that I saw a drop in pressure; I had to compensate with a booster; see, I’ve installed it on this side.”
 “You know Aggie, when this is up and running and your pond is filling up with rain water, the sky will be lit up like the Aurora Borealis, but a thousand times the colour, brilliance and beauty. Young people in love will see the stars much brighter and the moon Aggie, the moon will be a golden colour, shimmering in the heavens, one could even call the moon a honey...colour.”
“Why Rienus, you’re quite the romantic and putting wonderful ideas into my head. I just may put that to Alex. But speaking of Reggane, I think we should give poor Abdul a call now and explain that you have been found and fully recovered from your temporary bout of disorientation and amnesia.  He will be one happy dude...and poor Aaron Johns, he will be over the moon... whatever colour it is. I fear he’s had far too much weight placed on his shoulders.”
Professor Lien looked through the window of the lab to see the falling rain outside...he could see Aggie’s reflection; see was looking at him with a warm smile on her face.  Oh my God; after all these years she’s finally called me Rienus! He thought that that was the highest honour he had ever received in his life. A few more days will see me back in the Sahara...can hardly wait to fire up the Harley again.
Chapter Twenty
Edna woke up abruptly.  She didn’t know why, but her heart was pounding and she was in a sweat.  She sat up and looked around her room; it was dark yet she could make out a soft greenish glow coming from the chest of drawers across her room.  She likened the soft light to those luminous sticks that kids run around with on Independence Day.  In that particular drawer, Edna kept her sacred stones, feathers and charms and of course, the Goomeri Pointing Bone that she still had to return to Alex.  Instinct told her that the glow would be coming from the bone; she knew that there was some unfinished business, loose threads and postponed activity involving the woman in red.  She quietly tiptoed over and slowly pulled the drawer open; the Pointing Bone indeed, was pulsating with green light.  There’s nothing more urgent than a ringing phone or boiling kettle, or a darn Pointing Bone.
“Ok, Ok,” she said to it, “Good Golly, don’t you know that I’m from a totally different culture and race; I don’t know what you’re on about; and why the hell did you pick me out to do whatever it is you need me to do?” No answer, just the glow which had stopped pulsating and was now a constant green light.  She picked it up and felt a warm sensation. “Hang on, let me put on my robe. Right, let’s try again Goomeri, go on, do your thing.”
Edna felt the Bone directing her to the lounge room, and instinctively knew that it would lead her again to the painting. If that woman wants to talk to me I’ll need Aggie to help me out; but she so needs her sleep and it would be cruel to drag her out of bed for the sake of one of my whims.
She turned on the lights and removed the painting from behind a lounge chair where she had left it facing the wall.  Clasping the Goomeri tighter, she looked at the woman in the picture and concentrated.  As was the experience before, Edna quickly felt that she was part of the scene, complete with the heat, the smells and noises.
The Aboriginal woman again looked directly at her, but this time she held her baby in outstretched arms; towards the direction of where she said the Old White Man was supposed to be.  She had a look of despair on her face, and began to stomp her feet in a frenzy.  Then, with theatrical movements displayed, what seemed to Edna, to be a game of tug-o-war between the Old White Man and herself; the baby was obviously the object of all this pushing and pulling.  She then cried out Obson! Na, na, Obson! At that, the woman placed the baby on the ground, covered her eyes with her hands, turned and walked away sobbing. Edna watched the baby crawl away, out of her view.  Nothing else was happening and she was glad to withdraw from this disturbing scene.  She had some deep thinking to do; see had to get to the bottom of all of this.  Well I’ve had my Sherlock Holmes moment back in France with old van Gogh’s ear; I’ll go do some detectiving tomorrow.  She opened her fist and saw that the Goomeri was once again white. “Now please let me get some more shut-eye” she whispered to it, as she gently placed it back into her drawer.
-oOo-
“Shef, I need you to find out exactly where that painting came from.  I know you said Cottonwood, Minneapolis but I want to know who were the auctioneers, all about the deceased estate; anything that will help me to find this J. Robinson whose name is on that painting. Will you do that for me?  It’s really important.”
“Edna, afen ya left Shef’s Gallery, Ah gone and went trew more paperwork..wait a bit...got it ere.  Auction to be conducted by Blain General  Stock Agents and Auctioneers, on behalf of estate Cleaver.  Says ere, under authority of David Cleaver as executor of same. All Ah ken git ya is da telephone numer of the auction place; will dat be OK wit ya Edna?”
“Yes, dat...that will be fine Shef;  and thanks for helping.  Did you know I now have the painting? It was given me as a present; how lucky was I? and it didn’t cost me a cent.”
“Gess dat pitcher was a ment for ya’ll Edna.”
Edna began her search by ringing the Auctioneers in Minnesota. A few little white lies later, she had the telephone number and address of David Cleaver in Cottonwood.  She called the number but the woman who answered the phone, told her that David was at work. “This is his wife, may I ask you the nature of your call?”
“I know this will sound strange Mrs Cleaver, but my name is Edna and I am a psychic investigator out of Vermont.  I’m looking to follow a trail which hopefully will lead to some missing persons.  I came across David Cleaver’s name because of property he sold at Auction. If you feel uncomfortable talking with me I will understand and call later when your husband returns.”
“Ooh psychics and mediums...ooh, I love that stuff...I’m Erin, go right ahead Edna? What is it you want to know?”
“Well, maybe I should ask your husband first, after all it’s his name on the auction paperwork.”
“No, fuck him; go on Edna, ask me anything.”
“Does the name Robinson, J. Robinson mean anything to you?”
“Arr, Nope.”
“There is a signature on a painting that I now have, I believe it came from that auction that Mr Cleaver organised.  It was signed Robinson and I’m having danged trouble finding out who he is, or who he was. Erin, how about the name Bruin?”
“Hmm, yes, getting warmer, Edna, that’s my maiden name.”
“Erin, do you have any brothers or sisters?”
“Nope, can’t help you there.  I was born and bred in Minnesota; never left the state; well not till July next. Got some money from the old man’s estate and I’ve promised Dave a trip to Disneyland and Universal Studios.”
“It was your father’s estate that was sold at that auction?”
“Sure was Edna.  My mom died years ago.  Dad had so much junk and stuff and a huge shed of tools, engines and bits and pieces of motorcycles.  Got rid of most of it.  We still need to clean out the old man’s house and put her up for sale as well.  Have to do that before long; damn government and their damn property tax. Dave’s really pissed off that he was nominated as the executor, but at least we’ll both get something from it all. Not interested in a nice country homestead to buy? It’s going cheap.”
“Well Erin, I may just be interested.  How about I come over to check it out in a few days?  Don’t bother about emptying or cleaning it out...don’t want to disturb the aura around it, if you know what I mean.  And I really do want to talk to you a little more about your family history.”
“So what about my maiden name?  Why did you ask about the Bruins?”
“It’s a name that came up in some of my research.  Hell, there sure are a lot of Bruins in this country Erin.  I’m just trying to find a connection with a Bruin, maybe from a Dutch background. Would you know if your ancestry hails from Europe?”
“Hardly Edna, both David and I are descendents from slaves who escaped via the Underground Railroad to Minnesota.  Can’t exactly tell you where the name originates; maybe my great, great grand poppy used it first. I always wanted to get a family tree organized but you know, time and research and a little laziness on my part.”
“OK Erin, I’d still love to meet you and your husband and look over things.  How about Wednesday next week? around noon?”
“Sounds good to me Edna; sure enjoyed talking with you.”  Edna gave Erin her telephone number and hung up.  She was pleased and proud and chuckled to herself..  Another clue hey what, Sherlock?
Aggie’s pink telephone rang.  Strange, thought Edna, all these calls would normally be diverted to Aggie’s cell while she’s working at HQ Lebanon.  It kept ringing and much to Edna’s chagrin she stepped into Aggie’s office to answer it.  “Hello, Edna Kellor speaking.”
“Edna, thank God I’ve reached you at last; I’d just about given up all hope of finding you. I don’t know what’s going on but please get me out of here.”
Edna recognized the voice but her mind could not come to grips with the sense of it.  “Rienus? is that you Rienus?”
“Yes of course it is Edna.  For some reason or other, I’ve woken up in a place called Murgon;  it’s in Australia, yes Australia. One second I was walking to my cabin in Reggane and the next I find myself in another part of the world.  Don’t know what in blue blazes is going on.  Got arrested, locked up in the town jail and now I’m all but kept in a padded cell in Brisbane.  I can only assume that something went berserk with the capacitor and I must have passed out.  Anyway here is the telephone of my special needs carers.  Can you see to it that I can get the hell out of here and back to the Sahara?”
Edna tried to collect her thoughts. “Rienus, do you realize just how long you’ve been missing?”
“From what I can figure, a couple of days Edna.  God what a shock to just wake up naked and alone in another country.  And why the hell in Australia? Anyway, I’ve lost enough time already; I’m sure Aggie will have it all worked out by the time you rescue me.  I’ve got nothing Edna, no money, ID, documents, nothing.  Luckily I was at least allowed to call this number.”
“Rienus, I’m on it now; hang up and I’ll get straight onto Aggie; be brave, treat this like having a little vacation.”
“Hurry up Edna, I’m not getting any younger; as you constantly keep reminding me.”
Edna looked at the telephone, took a deep breath, picked it up and dialled.  “Hi Aggie, is Professor Lien with you right now?  He is? Can you speak without his listening in? Ok?  Well do you remember telling me about S.S.J.H?. guess what?. it’s S.S.J.H time.”
-oOo-
“What’s up Aggie? Bad news from home?. Edna’s all right?” Rienus was looking at a very worried Aggie.
“Er, no; aunt’s fine Rienus; it’s something personal that I have to attend to.”  She placed her hand on his. “Can I leave you with the circuits while I go home to sort it out?”
“No problem Aggie, take all the time you need, I think I’m finally on top of the schematics now.” He watched her walk away and thought to himself, I feel as though I’ve just gone through the “Aggie Kellor Experience” again...wonder what’s up now.
Aggie made her way to the KR security office. “Ernie, how goes it with tracking down Nic Melczarek?..Never mind.  Ernie, I need for you to go to Australia after all.”
“Yes ma’am; some unfinished business with the Professor’s rescue from there?”
“You could say that Ernie.  I need you to go collect Professor Lien and bring him back here.”
Ernie had an unbelievable amount of respect for Aggie; after all, she was his boss.  This was one time where he wrestled with himself, not to question her motives, or worse, her sanity. Although he was not emotive, Aggie could see he was, as he should be, thoroughly confused. “Don’t you just love mysteries Ernie? Another puzzle has been thrown our way; time to get those problem solvers to work; your adrenalin should be pumping and looking for the next challenge.”
“Who’s the old guy upstairs then?”
“Oh, that’s Professor Rienus Lien, no doubt; I’ve had his DNA checked by an independent authority, no offense Ernie.  But there appears to be another chap who claims to be one Professor Rienus Lien, recently of Reggane, Algeria; he’s a bit miffed at being found naked and alone somewhere in Australia.  He wants to come home here and continue his work with the capacitor.”
“Right, you want me to go get this imposter then?”
“Here’s the rub Ernie.  You’ll find he’s no imposter; he will be Professor Lien.  Bring your DNA kit with you Ernie; just in case, but I just know we’re going to have to deal with a situation, not to our comfort and certainly not of our understanding...yet.”
Ernie studied Aggie’s face;  no sign of a smile.  Shit, he thought, she’s actually serious.  What the hell am I getting into now?
“Shall I warn Jade and Phoebe ma’am?”
 “Again I find myself having to keep secrets from people – I really hate doing that.  Aunt Edna, you and I are the only people who know; I will tell Alex when he gets back.  I would like it kept that way until you confirm that person’s identity.  So let’s say that you are going for a short vacation down under.  I heard there are wonderful surfing beaches, many theme parks, sun and good beer in Brisbane.” Ernie was still trying to make some sense of it all.  “If you find it’s not Professor Lien, well and good and maybe worth a bit of investigating as to how and why he contacted us; and who is behind it.  Worst case scenario; he is a clone, a doppelganger, a twin or heaven knows...an alien reproduction.  But let’s not get ahead of ourselves.  What are you thinking Ernie?”
“Hard to put it into words ma’am; anyway, if the DNA profile is positive, and my GSR confirms his story, I take it you want me to escort him back here...where the other Professor is.  Shit...oh beg pardon, this is stuff straight from the twisted minds of goofy science fiction writers.”
Aggie nodded. “I warned you all those years ago that you wouldn’t be bored with being the Security Chief for KR.  Don’t forget to take Professor Lien’s passport with you.  Here’s the address where you’ll find him; I’ve already spoken with his carers and opened a line of credit for any of his needs; he should be happy with the top floor penthouse overlooking the Brisbane River for the next few days or so; and let’s not tell him about his other.. his other...whatever, just yet. Again with the worried face Ernie? Out with it.”
 “Er, no offense ma’am, but might there be any more Professor Liens out there?”
“Oh shit, I hadn’t thought of that.”
Chapter Twenty One
Come on Dwarg, what’s happened? Did I somehow duplicate a Human Being using those carrier beams to the Chinese FOO?  I just can’t think of any other reason...unless of course, my quip to Ernie about an alien clone may have some merit?
I must inspect his DNA Aggie, but as you fear, I am also sure that there will be two and the same Professor Lien.  May I give you an alternative to your deduction? We may have stumbled upon a variation to the Seventh Dimension. Perhaps somewhere in another Aura, Professor Lien is missing; he may well have stumbled into our world through those transmissions.
This is so way out of my league and I know you’re fairly limited in your knowledge of rays, beams and transmissions. Let’s look at the options Dwarg.  We could sit down with both Professors and tell them all we know.  We could try and keep them apart in secrecy until we find a way to send one of them back... to wherever. We could toss a coin and wipe the memory from one of them. Maybe hypnosis?  Darn...this is all too much for me! How the hell do I explain this to Alex?  Please let him or Aunt Edna have an answer.
Dwarg knew that neither he nor Slig, nor indeed all the Whisps in the Aura, would even come close to providing an answer.  He recalled his conversation with Slig about the Flatlander who, in his confusion, kept bumping into the tall pole of the Third Dimension. Dwarg was bumping into something he did not understand – something that existed but was as distant as the physical from the non-physical world.  It may have been only one atom; it may have been the nth degree repeating. That Flatlander did finally look up to discover another dimension...was Dwarg now on the brink of a similar circumstance?  If the other Professor did come from a parallel Aura or dimension, it must follow that other Aggies and Dwargs exist in that place, or places, as well.
One other thing that was troubling Dwarg was the fact that he was involved, indeed actively involved, in a process of interfering with Human development and progress.  More disturbing, was the possibility that he may be responsible for the discovery by them of an alternate physical universe or universes; how would such knowledge affect the Humans? If an exact parallel world is missing Professor Lien, that world could not now be an exact parallel; it would be different with each passing second; worlds would change from each other exponentially. Even if there was some way to return the Professor to his true world of origin; it would be impossible to pinpoint its position in the now.  And what of Dwarg’s own mission? He had other Humans to study and identify and track down aliens and infections.  Since his return to Aggie, it seemed that he was constantly preoccupied with other things and distractions which had higher priorities. He eagerly looked forward for Alex to return; because he had much to discuss with Slig.
-oOo-
Edna tried to put aside her thoughts of the problems with Professor Lien(s).  That’s way out of my composs, too darn weird to even try and think of anything logical. Dwarg was enough to twist my brain into a pretzel, then the hocus-pocus in France and Switzerland, now two of the little shits are among us, now we have an extra Rienus Lien wondering about. Boy, this will be a good break to get away from all that for a few days.  I do feel sorry for Aggie, but I know there’s nothing much I can do to help work out this Rubik’s Cube of problems. Anyway I have my own mystery to solve.
She had decided not to call upon Jade to fly her to Minnesota.  Instead she had taken a charter flight from Lebanon and the small plane flew her to Granite Falls Minnesota.  She collected a hire car there and followed the voice on the GPS all the way to Cottonwood which surprisingly was only ten miles from the airstrip.  She was in high spirits as she drove along a pretty road with equally pretty scenery of the rolling countryside with lush greenery and open fields.  Even the car radio seemed attuned to the mood and she hummed along with Tom Jones singing The Green Green Grass of Home.
The GPS directed her to the place she had keyed in; the address of Erin and David Cleaver. You have now reached your destination.  Edna drove into a driveway which led to a pretty cottage.  The lawn was neat and the gardens showed that the owners must have some pride in its presentation.  On one side of the driveway, Edna could see an old horse-drawn buggy minus the cab, with large wooden wheels and spokes.  The platform had boxes of plants and vines dangling down and it stood in the centre of a circle of white pebbles and stones.  On the other side of the driveway were two old wooden wheelbarrows, again holding boxes of flowers and succulents. The driveway was made of gravel and the noise of Edna’s tyres rolling over it seemed alarming loud.  Before she could reach out for her mobile phone to let the Cleaver’s know that she had arrived, the door of the cottage opened and Erin and David walked over to the car and each introduced themselves.
They sat around the kitchen table and chattered about the weather, about severe winters and the plight of small farmers in the Midwest.  David was eager to talk about Edna’s possible interest in buying old man Bruins place, Erin was eager to talk about any mysticisms relating to her family and Edna wanted to talk about the Bruin family tree. She was in two minds about telling Erin about her suspicion that her parents may have adopted a boy, a stolen boy, from Australia...and that Oskar Bruin was now living in New Orleans.  “Does the name Oskar mean anything to you Erin?”
“Er yes...er no, well I don’t think so.  When you said that name, it sounded familiar, like, my mind says I should know, but can’t recall. Should I know it Edna?”
“Don’t mind me Erin, I’m surrounded by strange names looking for a place to be.”
Edna realized that Erin must have been born after Oskar had run away, and for some reason or another, that information must have been kept from her.
“Well David, what say we all take a little trip and check out Erin’s parents’ place. I must admit that I really like this part of the country.”
Edna drove them through the small town and along a straight road heading North. “That’s a beautiful looking lake out there Erin, deep blue and smooth; is that Cottonwood Lake?”
“Yes sure is Edna, we all use that water for drinking and our crops.  It’s very deep and has its own mysteries and legends... there’s supposed to be an ancient Indian burial ground alongside it...supposed to be haunted in parts. Oh sorry Edna, sometimes I just blabber things out without thinking of peoples’ feeling first.”
“Just makes this trip all the more interesting Erin.  Those paintings you sent to the auction David, were they hanging in the Bruin house?”
“No ma’m, I gathered a stack of em out of her daddy’s barn, along with a truckload of trash.  Ain’t started to sort out the mess in the house yet; sure wished you could inspect it after I git in and clean up somewhat.”
“And Erin, what about all the paperwork and documents, you know, stuff like birth certificates, old letters, deeds, bills, old family stuff...you know what I mean?”
“Well I’ve been putting it off, but I think I’ve got everything I need.  Pappy did leave a Will and our attorney said there was no problem with the transfer...there’s no mortgage, lien, covenants or encumbrances as far as we know...do you see an issue Edna?”
“No, no, not at all Erin. Ah, that must be the place; that really is a big barn David.  Oh wow, just look at those columns out front of the house...there’re made of wood?”
“Damn right Ma’m, Erin’s grandpappy turned them himself; damn fine carpenter he was; built most of all of this by hand.”
“And the walls, stones, so neat and solid, it must have taken ages to build;  that chimney, it’s huge.”
“Yes, it all began with my great grandfather and each generation added and improved on it; it became everyone’s pride and joy. My folks moved in here after the old great grandparents died.  They died at the same time; some sort of bug infection.  I was born here; my folks left it late in their life to have me, well the truth was that I came along quite unexpectedly. I knew Dave since early schooling and my ma lived long enough to see us wed; in fact that little church we passed just out of town was where we had our wedding.  She passed one year, later leaving pappy alone; he didn’t want to move in with us; he just kept himself busy amassing junk to stock up the barn; he just loved junk. Anyway one day we came to visit him.  We found him lying on the floor in my old room.  Medic says he had a heart attack; quick, no pain; never got to say goodbye which I still feel sad about.”
Edna liked the look of the house.  It was rustic, large and solid.  She could see fields of greenery behind the building, quite a contrast with her own homestead in Putney, where copses of trees and scrubs surrounded it. The windows were boarded up with thick planks and a large Trespassers will be Prosecuted sign was prominently placed on the front porch.  Dave reached into his pocket and retrieved a large key and opened the big and solid oak front door.  “The electric power is still on...I hope.” He walked inside and turned the lights on. “Like I said Edna, I’ve still got to empty and clean the place, but if you look beyond the mess, you’ll see that it’s a nice house; a little TLC would go a long way.”
She walked through the house, opened doors, inspected the flooring, the ceiling, turned the faucets on and off, pressed the button on the toilet, looked up the flue of the chimney and try as much as she could, to look like an interested buyer.  Out of sight, she quickly opened and closed her handbag; yes there was a bright green glow inside.  As Erin and Dave showed her more of the house and its features, Edna became more and more interested in buying it.  There was something about this place, this whole area made her feel... comfortable yet apprehensive. Much of the furniture was still in place; even the bookcase still had a healthy stock of books, the kitchen had not been emptied of the many pots, pans and utensils and the carpets and rugs, although in need of a thorough cleaning were still in fair condition.  There was a small attic and David pulled on the cord which opened the small trapdoor and extended a ladder.  “Still a bit of shit up here Edna, hasn’t been touched for years, sorry about the dust.  Feel free to rummage around, it all comes with the house if you want any of it.”
“I’m interested guys, but...” Erin and Dave looked at each other; they just knew this woman from Vermont was going to turn the screws down to get a lower price. “As you know, I am sensitive and attuned with some metaphysical forces and vibrations. I need to know that peace and harmony abide in this place.  For me to make up my mind, would you consider leaving me in this house tonight, overnight; that would certainly help me make a decision.  Should everything be OK, I’ll accept your price and we can settle, tomorrow if you wish; what do you say?”
“Stay here overnight?  Why you’ll need sheets, blankets and stuff; food ‘n such.  But we can supply all that for you; are you sure Edna?. it’s very lonely out here...but if that’s what you want, OK by us. The telephone line has been disconnected...we have bottled gas for hot water, Dave will turn the valves on. God’s truth Edna, never did I think that the place may be haunted an stuff; but I guess it’s important for you to follow your...your spirit guide or whatever.”
“Good.  Lock up, give me the key and I’ll drive you back home.  Erin do you love shopping? I noticed that there are some mini emporiums along Main Street; just window shopping, just in case... and I did notice a curtain and fabric store...”
David grimaced and said, “Just drop me off at home Edna...window shopping? No thanks, rather be pull’n weeds out the back garden.” Both women giggled. Edna had already made up her mind to buy the property.
-oOo-
Abdul was ecstatic with the news that Professor Lien had been found and was safe.  “That’s a long way from home, his journey to Australia must rival the travels of Sinbad, although I suspect that Sinbad knew where he was travelling to. Has his brilliant mind suffered any...er anything to be concerned about Miss Aggie?”
“That was my first worry Abdul.  We’ve kept him under very close observation and he’s none the worse for that strange disappearance.  He honestly has no recall of the event.  In his mind it was only a few seconds between his passing out and being found in Australia.  We have had him tested and scanned and can find absolutely nothing wrong. I had misgivings about simply going on as if nothing had happened, but this is an important project and I can’t really see a reason for not continuing as we were.  I’ve been working by his side and everything’s quite fine.”
“Indeed a mystery Miss Aggie – will we have the pleasure of Professor Lien’s company shortly then?”
“We should finish our circuit building this afternoon. He’s very eager to get back to Reggane, so maybe tomorrow we may put him on the Gulfstream with Phoebe and Jade.”
“Miss Aggie, err...may I be so bold as to ask for your thoughts of those mysterious events?  Whenever I try to rationalize all of this, my brain cries enough!”
“My thoughts would only be unproven theories and guesses, and I wish I could enlighten you more. Speculation can be the source of misguidance and mayhem. Abdul, have you ever read Omar Khayyam?”
“But of course; his Rubaiyat was compulsory reading in my youth.  Ah, I think I know which passage you are alluding to.  Is it the one that reads: 
Myself when young, did eagerly frequent
Doctor and saint
And heard great argument
About it and about,
But evermore, came out
By the same door
As in I went.?
“There is so much thought in his verses, even though some of the words and some of the context have been misinterpreted.  It’s a shame that one of the original books went down with the Titanic; the world lost many a great treasure on that day.”
“I so enjoy talking with you Abdul and will keep you up to date.  Rienus will have the first stage of the CAD with him. My accountants are in contact with your treasury people right now, so you can start planning the sculpture at your convenience.”
 “Blessings upon you and your family Miss Aggie, adieu.”
“Ah Abdul, about Rienus; he is a treasure to me and I’m not sure how fragile his mind may be.. I do worry about PTSD?”
“I will not press him about his...adventure, madam. But fear not that I will ensure his safety”
“Shokran; Masaa el kheer Abdul.”  Aggie put the phone down.  She looked up at nothing at particular and whispered, Great and holy spirits, how the hell will all this work out?
Abdul on the other hand had not failed to miss a small detail while listening to Aggie’s words;  Hmm, she called him Rienus, not Professor...what’s that all about I wonder? He pressed a number on his phone and waited until a voice answered. “Ahmed, we have the green light; begin loading the bulldozers.” His second call was to the Office of the Prime Minister in Algiers; it was not all that often when he had good news to pass on to his superiors.
Chapter Twenty Two
Archie Bentley just sat silently as Alex told his fantastic story.  Of course he made no mention of Slig or Whisps or the Aura; that would certainly prove to Archie that his son needed a padded cell. “Are you kidding me Alex, you mean the people who own Kellor Resources? You didn’t tell me that on the phone.”
“It’s all happened so fast Dad.  One minute I was in the snow in Vermont and the next I’m in the middle of the Sahara Desert setting off some zap machine and looking for missing people.  And let me tell you about Abdul, what a character. And dad, I’ve proposed to Aggie.  You always said I would know it as soon as I met the right girl.  Oh Dad, I can’t begin to tell you how happy we are. She is so special.  When she first came into the police station with her Aunt Edna to rescue me, it was love at first sight.”
“Police station?”
“Oh er, yes.  I lost my car in the snow and I was arrested on suspicion of being on drugs or something.  I left the car on the side of the road to have a...a little relief; it was snowing full on.  When I finished my business, I couldn’t find the car.  It was buried under the snow; I was digging around in the area when a deputy sheriff came along and threw me in the slammer.  If it wasn’t for Edna and Aggie, I’d probably still be there. Everything I had, my wallet and phone and stuff were still in the car.”
“You lost your car in the snow?”
‘Oh I just knew I shouldn’t have told you that.  Edna still pays out on me about that.”
“And that pointing bone Alex, how did all that pan out?”
“Well there’s no question that it led me to Aggie. Once that happened, it lost..I lost, all power and it didn’t seem to do anything anymore.  Strange thing though, Edna, who is some sort of Shaman of her tribe, felt a lot of energy coming from it.  Hope Oskar doesn’t mind, but I left it with her; seemed the right thing to do.  She really gave me the third degree about it and Oskar.  I just know you will get on well with them; just a shame we’re so far away from each other. How’s this Dad, Aggie owns a jet, yes a Gulfstream; her cousin Jade flies it around the world; he and his wife Phoebe are pilots.”
“Kellor Resources? The green energy providers that’s becoming one of the most powerful and private businesses in the USA.  And you want to leave NASA and join and work for them?. my lord, I don’t know what to think son.  Seems you have your mind made up already.”
“Dad, would you consider moving up North with me? It would be so great.  Vermont is a beautiful place and you can go fishing and hunting, and exploring. I’ve even seen a place near Brattleboro for sale; it looks like a small chalet, you know, picture postcard stuff.  Chickens and ducks outback, a small vegetable garden and near to everything you could want.”
“But it snows up there Alex, you even lost your car in it.”
“Aw dad, it only snows for a couple of months.  The summer, spring and fall is spectacular.  Anyway a lot of people who don’t like the cold, move down and spend winter in Miami or further South.  They’re on a continual vacation.  Did I tell you that the place I saw had a large pontoon fishing skiff; looked like a new one to me, it comes with the house.”
“Leave all this? We’ve been here for so long; all my stuff, my collections.”
“Did I mention that the chalet has a large barn next to it? Made of sheet iron I believe, two story, just recently been built.  And yard sales; hundreds of them, every weekend and I kid you not, I have seen so many bits and pieces of telephones, transmitters and switchboards, it would make your mind boggle.  At least think about it Dad.  I’m off to the base tomorrow to hand in my notice.”
“I don’t know what to think Alex, really.”
“Sleep on it Dad, but at least ask yourself what’s holding you back from a change of scenery.  You know of course that money is not an issue?”
“Me..Archie Bentley, up and moving to Yankee territory..never thought I’d ever entertain the idea.”
“Dad, you’ll always be a proud Rebel, wherever you live.”
“And that place up north...does it have a balcony?”
“Two of them. The main bedroom leads onto the top one and the bottom one runs along the front and two sides of the building.  From memory there are rolled up heavy plastic curtains that can cover all the sides if it ever rains. Yes, I can just see it now, all of us enjoying a meal al fresco, watching chipmunks and squirrels play..enjoying teasing the neighbours about how the Patriots have lost yet another game.”
“Any your girl Aggie, how do you think she will react to me? More importantly, what would be her thoughts if the old father-in-law just upped and moved into her world? You know I’ve no social graces, I’m just an old retired cop living off his pension.”
“Oh dad, just wait till you meet her and her aunt.  They are the most down to earth people you could imagine. All the money and power they have, certainly hasn’t made them snobs or la de da’s...they still live in a country cottage, where they could live in a mansion. Edna still mows the lawn and goes bargain hunting at stores and yard sales.  She still cooks, where they could have a batch of chefs doing it.  They even made me help shovel snow off their driveway because Edna’s snowplough hit a tree stump...which reminds me...I’ve volunteered to replace the steering assembly.”
“You? You wouldn’t know the difference between a ball joint and a rack and pinion, ha.”
“Well at the time I thought wouldn’t it be great if dad was here now; he could show me how to do it. Anyway dad, it’s only fair that you at least come up for a visit; you can judge and decide for yourself; fair enough?”
“Yes, Ok son, that’s fair enough...give me a couple of weeks to get ready?”
“Can’t ask for more...another top up? This batch seems a little more potent dad.”  The Revenuers Revenge was taking its toll on Slig, who could not figure out why Alex’s brain activity had slowly become unpredictable and confused, especially when more of that liquid entered his system.
“Guess I’ll have to leave the old ‘stillery behind?”
“Aw dad, come on, you know it’s illegal anyway. I’ve tried some of the local wines in Vermont, and they could use some improvement..so there’s something that may interest you.  No restrictions on making beer or wine, and tell you what, if you use their maple syrup, that’s bound to brew a potent wine, or even a beer; you may even be able to make a business of it. As a matter of fact, the border of New Hampshire is only a stone’s throw away; it’s across the river from that house...well, that State doesn’t fix a tax on wine or spirits.  They have the largest turnover of wine and spirit sales in the country, and their best customers come from the neighbouring border states.  I reckon you could do some good business with them if you end up producing a decent drop.”
-oOo-
Edna walked outside and strode along the veranda.  She tapped and admired the tall, smooth wooden columns which held up the roof.  She knew the Goomeri was active but left it in her handbag on the kitchen table.  She just wanted to absorb the place.  The sun was setting and the colours of the sky were crimsons to golds and the clouds reflected sunbeams downwards to fields of green.  Although this was still the same country, it seemed to her that the sunset in the Midwest was different to that of New England; it was hard for her to define exactly what that difference was...perhaps it was more of a feeling of those colours.
She thought about Erin’s great grandparents; Erin said they were escaped slaves and settled here.  To find such a place amid all the mayhem and tragedies of the era, would indeed have seemed like paradise for them.  The building itself had obviously been constructed with loving care.  This would probably have been the first thing those people ever owned in their lives. And what about the land? How did they get to own it?  Erin also mentioned that there was a burial place for earlier inhabitants; so there must have been tribal lands as well. Is this why she feels some affinity with this place and the area? Come on Edna old girl;  on with the investigation. Ok Goomeri Bone here I come.
She placed it in her palm and closed her hand over it. Immediately it directed her to the centre of the house and pointed upward.  Darn, just like the spooky movies...it’s always in the attic...that creepy object or weapon or photo that explains the mystery. Hope these steps don’t break; where’s that light switch?  This cord perhaps? good now lead on thou weird pointing bone.  She could not quite fully stand up in that small room and took care where she placed her feet.  It was dusty and she could see some old furniture, wooden boxes and crates, picture frames, a pile of newspapers, children’s toys and even a couple of old truck tyres.  Goodness, how the hell did they manage to get those in here? there’s only a small entrance.   She opened a small crinkled suitcase and pulled out an assortment of clothing from it;  baby and toddler clothing, boys’ stuff, some children’s books and a few pair of shoes.  All your childhood stuff Oskar, whispered Edna. One of the tags on a small jacket caught her eye; it read St. Marks, Made in Australia...all this stuff came from Australia. Ok Goomeri, I get it – Oskar came from Australia, now what? Where? There? Ok, Ok, you mean this thing? oh under this small child’s mattress.  Edna lifted the mattress and saw a metal box, much like a small cash box.  Edna picked it up, blew some dust off it and slowly made her way back to the entrance of the attic and down the steps.  She determined that she wouldn’t open the box until she had all her charms and medicines around her – no nasty surprises for me thank you very much.  She took a deep breath and prised the lid off.
No jewels, no treasure, nothing to get excited about;  only letters, papers and a few photos.  All this fuss and commotion and that’s it? better be worth all my efforts. Ok let’s have a look. Hmm, most of the addresses are to this place.  Ah, Australian stamps;  so there is a connection.  Aha, here’s one from a certain J. Robinson...the Rev J Robinson, Alice Springs, Northern Territory. Let’s see what you had to say all those years ago.
She read through the letter, trying to put any thoughts of guilt aside...should I really be reading this?..well that’s why I’ve been sent here...but this is other’s peoples’ business...but the Goomeri wants me to do this.  Her mind agued to and fro, yet she read on, gleaning more information...and she found that her suspicions about Oskar were indeed correct.  He had lived in this place, many years ago and Erin’s parents were the people who had adopted him.  The Reverend James Robinson was his godfather; his familiar signature was on the Record of Adoption Certificate issued in Saint Paul Minnesota as well. There were other documents, all concerning Oskar, but Edna could find nothing linking him to his birth in Australia...to his biological parents, or even the town where he was born, presumably Alice Springs. The photos showed a young happy couple, holding a baby...hmm hello Oskar. She unfolded a piece of thick parchment like paper.  It was a picture of an Aboriginal girl – a beautiful young girl with thick jet black hair, pearly white teeth and bright red lips. The paper smelt old, almost musty or mildewy. On the bottom of the picture was the word “Maroochy” and the artist had signed his work as N.Robertson.  Hmm, close, wished it could have been signed Robinson instead; damn...another thread to follow.  She then opened a small flat white paper bag; it contained a lock of black curly hair. This must be Oskar’s, she thought.  She picked it up with her fingers and immediately passed out on the floor.
-oOo-
“But this is unheard of...a female...a female has possession of the gigi...what is this about? Go fetch Gooran; this is a situation of worry.  We must do nothing until the Ngangkari sees this.”
Edna was in some sort of a dream; not quite a coma; she could hear voices.  She couldn’t move a muscle and felt her heart beating loud and fast. Never been in a trance like this before...I’ll chant my safe mantra...must stay conscious.
“See, she utters magic...stand back, less she changes like a  Dharamulan and takes us to its place.”
Edna tried to see what was happening.  She managed to turn her head to see several people standing around her – they were dark and naked and she immediately recognized them to be Australian Aboriginals.  They were all men, they were staring at her and she became very worried for her safety.  Two of them already had their spears raised.  Better lay still old girl, don’t want them panicked...try to smile...that may help.
“The she person now laughs at us...the female must be powerful to show no fear of us. Ah, Gooran, see this.  Is it a Dharamulan looking for someone to possess?”
Gooran was the tribe’s Ngagakari; the healer; the man of knowledge.  He poked his toe on Edna’s stomach to see if there was some sort of response; Edna could only blink her eyes rapidly.  He leaned forward and touched her all over her body; he squeezed her breasts, her abdomen and thighs.  He pressed on her pubic area, felt between her legs, ran his fingers over her knees and grasped her moccasins and moved her toes.  He then held and examined strands of her hair. He showed a great interest in her necklace which Chief Atian had given her many years ago as a protective charm.  Finally, Gooran opened her hand; which revealed the Goomeri Pointing Bone.  He sprang back in astonishment. “This is not Dharamulan; this is a spirit from the Dreaming;  yet it may be evil; it has taken this woman’s body. She is not of our family and she is not of the white people.  She wears the cloths of a white-man. I know not what it wants or why it has come...we must wait for it to tell us.”
Edna could not understand what was being said and the possibility of gang rape or worse, had not escaped her thoughts. Maybe if I say some of those words that the woman in red said, it may help, now I think it was “Thow Mung and Moolawa Naan Moolawa” and she did manage to whisper them...enough for Gooran to hear.
“This spirit tells of an old white man;  he is a devil; we must seek that man and send him to his ancestors. This thing here is a woman now but will turn into a Burringilling, see there, it holds a magic kundela.”  Gooran picked up a small twig and without his fingers touching the pointing bone, he carefully tried to prise it from her hand. She managed to scream out “Robinson!” and her last memory before passing out was the sight of a spear bearing down on her chest.
Edna promptly awoke from her trance; she was lying on the kitchen floor and with some effort, got up on her knees and stood up.  She looked at her hand...the Goomeri Pointing Bone was still there, dangling by the short length of the cord of hair.  Her protective necklace was gone.  She managed to get to her knees and stood up.  She reached for a can of soda from the shopping bag on the kitchen table, popped open the lid and scoffed it down.  What the hell was all that about? shit, my boobs are sore... from that groping? Now what? Was I physically there or what? Enough of the Goomeri stuff for now...want to get that off my mind for a moment let’s see if these sheets are as silky smooth as they advertise...and this doona; Erin picked out a nice one for me.  So Edna, is the place haunted?..don’t think so...the only spooky stuff here is that damn Goomeri.  No way...glow all you want...I need my sleep...now stay-put here.”
She had no sooner gone to sleep on the couch when she was roused by the music of Wagner’s Valkerie. Damn cell phone. “Edna Kellor here.” Tears ran down her face as she listened to the voice of Adam Bover from the camp in Canada...he was giving Edna the sad news of the passing to the spirit world of Chief Atian. 
“His last words were for you Edna;  make of them as you wish.  He grabbed me by the arm and told me, to tell you that he died like a warrior. He said he died by being speared in the heart by innocent and frightened men and that was a decision with which he was in harmony.  He said you will know what he meant.  Edna, there are no signs of such an attack...his heart simply stopped beating.”
“I know what he meant Adam.  I’ll see you shortly and help you with his funeral.” This adventure stops here Edna, other things are more urgent now. Aggie will take this badly. I’ll sign and pay a deposit on this place in the morning;  I’ll get Tony Lee in Putney to organise the purchase and transfer;  should be able to fly back home tomorrow afternoon.  She got up early in the morning, and walked around the house taking snapshots of it and the surrounds with her phone. She went back inside and on a hunch, climbed back into the attic; something had caught her eye last time, but she was distracted by the pulsing of the Goomeri.  It was the pile of old newspapers.  In her mind’s eye, she had noticed the word Robinson on the top one.  She grabbed them all, brought them down and placed them in a plastic bag which she tied into a bundle. Hmm looks like some interesting reading coming up later; but that must wait as well.
She locked up, then drove to Dave and Erin’s place and told them of her decision to buy the property. “We’ll meet again later I’m sure.  Sorry about scurrying off like this, but there has been a death in the family and I’m needed urgently.  I’ll call into your lawyer’s office on the way back to the airport and leave a deposit for the purchase.” The Goomeri Pointing Bone was in the tin, along with the papers she had found in the attic;  she had resisted the temptation of telling Erin of what she had found.  Edna decided to take the long way back, circling the lake...she wanted to find and visit the resting place of ancestors. As to this mystery, more information is required; well that’s what Dwarg would say.
Chapter Twenty Three
Rienus Lien was happy to see that everything in his cabin was still as he had left it.  After settling in and greeting everyone on the site, he was glad for the opportunity to get back to working on the capacitor.  He was happy to see that his Harley trike fired up at the first crank.  It was pointless for Aaron to try and stop him from spinning the wheels and riding towards the horizon, with a trail of dust and sand rising behind him.  Aaron watched and heard the throaty roar of the engine and followed the bike’s progress over sand-dunes, hills and valleys. He’s got to be the world’s oldest hoon.  That guy is just too old to do that stuff; all we need now is to have him fall off his bike and break his neck...it’s not as if we can just go out and get another one of him.
“Shall we pursue him Mister Johns?”  Abduls guards were similarly worried.
“No men, he’d only think it a game and do worse. There’s only a little gas left in his tank anyway.  Maybe this is just what he needs before he gets his head down and makes us work harder.”
“Mister Johns, pleased to look at the South road.  See, it is the convoy of machinery.”
Aaron thought to himself, this is one hell of a project; glad I’m aboard.  Seven months from now, this whole place will be transformed. The Algerian government is going to do all the excavation and sealing off that valley I wonder why KR is paying for all of this?  Come to think of it, I wonder what KR’s next project is going to be...and do I volunteer for that?”
Abdul sat atop the lead vehicle of the convoy and looked back at the long line of low-loaders and trucks carrying all the excavation equipment.  He was no engineer and wished he had spent more of his education in learning all about geology and topography.  He noticed a plume of dust on the horizon which told him that a vehicle was approaching; quickly.  He looked through his binoculars and let out a laugh, “Ha ha, Professor Lien is back from his voyage; just look at him; like a young camel that has just found is legs and discovered the joy of free movement.” That loud motorcycle and the way he rides, it should bring apprehension to my mind, but the enjoyment in his play instead, brings a little jealousy to my heart. I shall make it my business to protect him.
“Hoy Professor! Shall we meet tonight for shisha and coffee?”
“It’s a date Abdul...but I can’t make any guarantees!”
-oOo-
Edna rewrapped the woven scarf around Aggie.  “Here honey, don’t want you getting too cold.  How are the new moccasins?”
“Fine thanks aunt.  Can’t help but feel strange in these situations.  We knew he would pass, we were prepared for it, and when it happened, we still hurt inside.  I ask myself, surely I’m mature enough to not show so much sorrow and grief, yet I just can’t help it.  I know there was nothing more I could have done for that beautiful man, and he himself said as much; still my mind seeks to find something I may have missed, something more I could have done for him.”
“You know the answer to that Aggie. We are human and all humans are related as we are to all creatures on the earth.  When one of us depart our family, we also lose a part of us. This is life, this is nature; it’s beautiful and its brutal, and sweetheart I worry that you have lost far too many of our family. Our ancestors grow in greater number.  How does Dwarg relate to these experiences sweetheart?”
“Oh he cares. He’s absorbed so much of our emotional make-up that I feel he actually experiences things beyond his analytical thinking.  During the funeral for Megan’s father, I noticed that Dwarg did not recede far away from my sorrow.  He keeps trying to calm me, but only by so much; I think he realizes what sorrow, grief and loss means and how a human needs to express it.  I know he liked Chief Atian and carries a lot of his memories. You know Aunt, I actually think he also mourns the loss of our spiritual leader and friend...and Aunt Edna, Dwargs says he feels your grief also.”
“Er, thank you Dwarg.”
Aggie and Edna were two of twenty other women, gathered in a circle surrounding a funeral pyre  which supported the body of Chief Atian. Modern times had seen the end of traditional first nation funeral ceremonies in this district; yet the passing of this great leader called for nothing less than a warrior’s ceremonial celebration; and the authorities saw no reason to forbid it.  Most women were dressed in plain white calico dresses with strips of black saw-toothed velvet material attached and hanging down in random places.  They wore hair bands of strings of shells; some held little flags of the Abenaki Nation. They were all waiting for the sun to set.
The Chief’s body had been wrapped and bound in cane, saplings, leaves and string. It was then placed into a small wooden cage which was also wrapped in bark and string. On top of this, there were various artefacts such as loose feathers, shells and stones.  His chieftain headdress was pinned to the side of the cage alongside a large photograph of himself in full regalia. Looking at all the charms and trinkets on the pyre, Edna was not at all surprised to see her necklace there; the one she wore and lost back there in Cottonwood during her trance.
Adam Bover moved through the circle of women and began a slow chant...the death chant.  Edna began a gentle stepping up and down on the spot and the women followed, marking time to the chant.  The women then began a soft chant of their own in time with their steps. Adam raised his arms and invited the spirits to come to the celebration and take this mighty chief into their midst.  Aggie noticed that he was bleeding from his hands and arms and the blood ran down onto his shoulders.  Adam is to be the new chief; I don’t know that he had to go and bloody himself like this; he will be a good chief and being a lawyer, he will be able to further the recognition and upkeep of our tribal culture and traditions. Adam then began to extol the achievements of Atian, of his leadership through hard times, his fight with the US Government to find recognition of the Abenaki as a legitimate tribe, his devotion to maintaining the culture, pride and beauty of his people, his sponsorship of the young people to learn the ways of the ancient ones yet achieving scholastic merit in the modern world. He called out the individual messages from tribal leaders of the Lakota, the Pawnee, the Cree and Shoshone and other nations, messages from the White House, the US Senate, a number of State Governors.  “This is a mighty chief O spirits; his fame is great; receive him with thanks; let our mother hold him to her bosom while we suffer with his absence from this place.”
As the last traces of the sun left the horizon a long line of men approached and walked through the circle of chanting women.  The men were chanting individually, some were whooping, squealing and whistling and each carried a flaming torch, held aloft.  The first five warriors began the ritual of the burning by applying the flames to the beneath the pyre.  A steady procession passed and each man placed or threw their torch on the pile which fast became a huge fire and lit up the evening night. The whooping, wailing and noise increased as the fire raged and the mourners danced and stomped their feet; all utterly involved in fervent homage to a departed loved one.
Edna spied Jade amongst the dancers; he seemed to be in a world of his own as he pranced and stamped around the fire. That boy really loved Atian; it was he who put Jade on the path of self-discovery and success; oh dear we really have lost a great person and we owe him so much. 
As the first of the embers fell to ground, some women rushed forward to put their palms on the ashes which they wiped onto their faces and mixed it with their flowing tears. Although most had never participated in such a traditional rite, it seemed quite natural for them to do these things without guidance.
The ceremony lasted for hours and in the early morning, the ground was littered with the sleeping bodies of the exhausted mourners.  Aggie woke up to the noise of a beating drum far away; it was a slow soft beat.  She looked at Edna who was still snoring mildly and smiled as she saw her aunt’s dishevelled hair, dirty face and dress which seemed to be coming apart at the seams. How are you Dwarg?
“Your revelations as to my understanding of the emotion of grief and mourning are most accurate.  Whisps have no experience of such loss as we do not die. To be Human and to know of one’s inevitable death; this must be a disturbing emotion. Knowledge of death is the price that a Human must pay for being a Human.”
“Ah Dwarg, you are not the first to have said that...I have heard it before...can’t remember who said it.”
“It must have been an exceptional Human.”
“Oh Aggie, just look at your face;  looks like you’ve been playing in a sandbox filled with coal.” Edna looked around her as other people were waking up. “End of Mourning?”
“End of Mourning Aunt.  Adam told me that some of Chief Atian’s ashes are to be taken to Lake Champlain.  Apparently he wanted some of his ashes to be scattered on the lake, at the exact point of where the borders of the USA, Canada, Vermont and New York cross; don’t know exactly why, he wasn’t born there was he?”
“No he was born in Burlington, but I think by spreading his ashes like that, he is still carrying out his silent protest with our benevolent government. Truly a warrior, even in death.”
“Hmm, and Adam mentioned something about the Chief’s last words?”
“Er, it’s a strange story that I’ve yet to piece together; when I do, we’ll sit down and have a laugh about it all.  Anyway, you have so much on your shoulders now with Algeria and Alex being away...and an extra Rienus Lien roaming the countryside.”
“Ooh don’t remind me Aunt.  Ernie should be with him right now.  I’ve asked him to stretch it out at bit; I’d like to have both Rienus’s as far apart as possible; for the moment anyway. Ah here comes breakfast.”
“You know young lady, the RV is only just down the laneway and the refrigerator is stocked full.  Do you really want to eat dry flour biscuits with syrup?  Nobody would mind our wealthy princess living it up a bit.  You’ve been more than generous to all the people here; they shouldn’t mind.”
“I feel it’s only proper to leave here without anyone thinking I’m pretentious.  This is still my family and I’m humbled by being accepted without the need for showmanship. Come on aunt, these biscuits aren’t too bad; you just have to chew them a few times more before you swallow.  Tell you what though; I wouldn’t mind sneaking back to the RV to have a nice hot shower right now.  Look over there, it’s Jade;  and he looks like one of those cartoon characters who’s been through an explosion. Hoy Jade!”
“Hi guys, wow just look at you two; I reckon a beauty parlour wouldn’t let you near their doorstep.  A fire hose is what you need now...come to think of it,” he sniffed under his arm, “I could use a quart of Midnight in Paris right now.”
“How’s Phoebe?”
“Improving.  I hated leaving her back in Lebanon; but she absolutely insisted I come; nothing I could say would change her mind. We spoke on the phone last night and she said that her appetite was improving; I’ll be home this evening anyway.  Aw come-on you guys, those looks are questions aren’t they?  I honestly don’t know...really...yet.”
“Jade, had I been a true and dedicated Shaman, I may well see messages and signs in the timing of these spiritual events.”
“Hmm, I’ve not missed the co-incidences aunt.  Now, would you have room for a dirty, smelly and thoroughly worn-out refugee and take him back across the border?”
“Lucky for you we’ve got a shower in the RV; well lucky for us I suppose.  Try these biscuits Jade?”
“Er no thanks, I’d rather hope that we could pull into that diner a few miles south of here; I’ve heard they make pancakes better than Heaven’s Kitchen.”
“Damn good idea” said Edna, placing her uneaten dry biscuit back on the communal tray...as did Aggie. “Oh, I just need to pick up some stuff from Adam, won’t be long.”
-oOo-
Ernie Tonges and Rienus Lien sat on the balcony overlooking the Brisbane River. “Those boats are called City Cats and are always crisscrossing and going up and down the river.  I’ve been watching them for a while; seems there are more tourists using them than the locals, but on days like today, who could not enjoy a day on the water; I just love the sunshine here.” Rienus didn’t fail to notice that something was troubling Ernie.
“What’s up Ernie? Seems you’ve had something on your mind since you arrived.  Is there some bad news? Is everything OK with Aggie?  Should I be worried? Don’t tell me I failed your GSR testing...I’ve told you everything that happened to me..honestly.”
“Whoa Rienus, everything’s right with the boss and KR, and you didn’t tell me any fibs. No, I guess I’m a bit jet lagged and not exactly the life of the party. What’s that you’re holding, an Aboriginal artefact?
“Yes it is. It was given to me by Mizzy, the woman who found me wandering around in the bush.  It’s a piece of wood with writing that’s been burnt into it...see, it reads Maroochy.  What is interesting Ernie, is that it is very old; and I’ve no idea of why Mizzy insisted I have it and take it with me. She looked after me and took me back to civilization, well to a small town not all that far from here; it’s called Murgon.  She gave me some other things including this little hand-sewn basket.  And in that basket was more stuff;  trinkets, a few quartz pebbles, some red beads...no clue of just what it means.  She said to take it, and that everything would find its place. Don’t know exactly what she meant, but the least I could do was to accept it.”
“Seems only right to go back there Rienus, before we leave Brisbane.  Perhaps we can do something for her; I don’t know, maybe some chocolates, gift vouchers, scarves and stuff, money if you think it appropriate.”
“Yes, I would really like to do that; it’s a nice drive and the police in Murgon should know where Mizzy lives; yes, that would be good; thanks Ernie...first thing in the morning? Maybe by then your jet-lag will have eased somewhat.”
“Tell you what Rienus, this is something I could get used to...just sitting out here, watching the world go by.  Did you notice that  people here drive on the other side of the road?  See that round-about over there? The cars are going around it clockwise.  I’ll have to keep my wits about me tomorrow when I have a go at driving in that traffic. I see in this hotel folder that there’s a map of South East Queensland.  Ah, here’s Murgon...it’s not a long drive from here...we just follow the Burnett Highway all the way to...to Goomeri, and turn left onto the Bunya Highway until we reach Murgon.  Goomeri, Goomeri?  Rings a bell with me somehow.”
“No idea Ernie. Care for some more Sauvignon Blanc?  This stuff’s from New Zealand...not at all a bad drop. By the way young man, any result from my swab test yet?  I’d hate to retire to my bed knowing I’m not the person I think I am...don’t panic man, I know all about your protocols; I helped you write them, remember?”
Later that night, Ernie was still sitting on the balcony enjoying the ambiance of the city of Brisbane at night. He loved the light breeze which also brought a wafted scent of a pizza parlour nearby. Although he had thoroughly devoured the large hamburger special from the room service menu, he now wished he had instead found his way to that pizza place and order a Meat Supremo with anchovies. I wonder if there’s a pizza place in Murgon.
 He looked back to the last few weeks of crazy and puzzling situations with KR. The disappearance of Rienus Lien then Ken Kain and their subsequent appearances were baffling enough. To now have a second alleged Professor Lien beggared belief.  He had to put his full trust with his boss.  She was the most amazing person he had come across.  Still so young, so intelligent and charming. Now she had a man of her own; and damn it all, yes I am jealous of Alex.  But then again he seems to be the perfect partner for her.  Just to see them together makes my heart melt.  Oh well, better make my report to the boss.  He picked up his phone and texted a short note; all it said was...”confirmed”. He had another sip of the Oyster Bay wine. I can only do so much and I can only hope that Miss Aggie Kellor will, at some point, tell me everything.
It was early morning, the traffic flow was smooth and Ernie turned onto the Northern Expressway.  Rienus turned to him and asked, “So Aaron is still going ahead with the pulsing platform at Reggane?”
“I believe so Rienus.  Miss Kellor wanted everything to proceed as normal; seems she had no qualms about your return to the site.”
“And the sculpturing?”
“Er, as far as I know, that’s in hand.”
“Wow, I wish I could see the start of that.  I bet Abdul is carrying on like a kid with new playthings; all those machines; all those big boys’ toys.”
“Er, the truth is Rienus, I’m not privy to what you call sculpturing...even Abdul wouldn’t tell me about it.”
“Can’t see why not, old boy.  Did you see the valley to the North of the site? The mountains which ring it?  Well Aggie thought that it would make a nice lake.  There are areas which require building up; some dams need to be put in place, but all-in-all, if that valley was filled with water, it would be an enormous environmental asset to the country, indeed the desert.  Add to this, a number of canals, rivers and smaller lakes and cheap power from the geothermal generator, it would mean a dramatic improvement to a quarter of the continent of Africa.”
“I see...but the water?”
“Hmm..a detailed answer to that would require many hours of explanation.  In essence, Aggie plans to harvest the clouds.  Yes, I imagine I had the same look on my face when she told me. It involves sending certain frequencies and electromagnetic radiation into the clouds to attract and achieve dissipation; almost too easy to be believable, don’t you think?”
“Fair enough.  To be honest, there have been so many strange things happening of late, that I feel I’m just here for the ride. In a way I’m rather glad that I’m a little naive about science and progress.  You know, there are actually kids out there who would not believe that I’m older than the internet and that once, we didn’t have TV, just radio?”
“Ha, I can better that one Ernie...my father drove a horse and cart... and when I was a teenager, Elvis was a little boy.”
“You win Professor.  Ah... Here we are, Welcome to Murgon.”
-oOo-
“Ah yes Mizzy Ooloo.  She’s one of those characters that come into town now and again; originally hails from Cherbourg, a few clicks from here.  I think you’ll find her somewhere around Goomeri; that’s her stomping ground now, so to speak.  It’s good that you’ve come back to see her; she really went out of her way to see you safe, Mister Lien; other people would have just left you in your delirium.”
“I agree sergeant, and yes, it’s only right that I come and thank her personally; God knows what would have happened to me if she didn’t get me to safety; I was in a real mess.”
“Bloody oath you were.  I didn’t know what to think when she brought you here. You looked like the wild man from Borneo.  Trying to get any sense out of you was hard enough. At least the drug test proved negative.  The nurse at community mental health lost no time in transferring you to Brisbane.  Anyway you certainly look a lot better now; good to see everything is working out for you. Ah, just for the record, I would like to close the report on this little event. My last entry here was releasing you from Murgon Hospital for special needs care; I take it that your story will be that you were temporarily disorientated and lost?”  Rienus nodded. “You are both American citizens? have you recovered Mister Lien’s passport? do you have some means of formal identification?”
Ernie reached into his briefcase and placed both his and Rienus’s passports onto the counter.  “Right here Sergeant; and before you delve too deeply into this man’s history, you must know that diplomatic immunity is applied and the Australian Official Secrets Act 2001 also comes into force... should you require formal statements from us.”
“Hey, I’m only a country cop; no need to come the raw prawn with me.  I’m not particularly interested in indemnities and legalese jibber jabber bullshit.  Just give me the fair dinkum story so I can log off on it...OK?”
“Fair enough Sergeant” said Ernie, “Off the record, this is Professor Rienus Lien; he is a physicist working on an international project, far from this place. Simply put, he has suffered a breakdown and somehow ended up in your town.  We’re still investigating the circumstances; and to be quite honest with you, we haven’t a clue how he managed to cross this continent in the condition he was in. He’s been examined by doctors at the Royal Brisbane Hospital and given a full medical clearance; you may care to verify this. We both work for the same company and I’ve been sent here to bring him back to the USA for convalescing. God’s truth, the reason we’ve come here is to thank Mizzy for her rescuing the Professor.”
“Ah yes, Mister Tonges, your passport seems to be in order. But Mister Lien, I can’t see an Australian entry permit or an endorsement stamp in your passport...hmm last entry was for...Honolulu.  Before that, Algeria...not all that long ago either. I recall you said something about the Sahara in your rantings.  May be just as well that our Missing Person Database doesn’t extend beyond this country...should I ask more?”
Ernie looked around and whispered, “Er, Pine Gap sergeant”
“Bloody hell, I hate this cloak and dagger stuff; don’t want all those bureaucrats, pollies and AFP taking over my station.  Look, just piss-off and I’ll put it down to post alcoholic induced behaviour.  No further action deemed necessary...OK?  By the by, Mizzy is regarded as a VIP around here; and I mean by all and sundry.  Don’t think because of her lifestyle that she’s in need of charity.  She’s probably got more dosh than all of us combined; and then some. Do not embarrass her with cash. Fair dinkum and meaningful offerings would be correct; oh and she loves the colour red.  The pub in Goomeri serves a great steak; have a good day.”
“And you too sir, and again thank you for your co-operation.”
He watched the two Americans leave the station and get into a car.  A couple of years ago I would’ve put both of them in the piss-can until I found out what the flip-flam was going on; frigging CIA freaks playing in my backyard; bugger it all, I won’t burn the damper; I’m too old for that shit.  Please... Yankee go home. He scribbled Closed, N.F.A. on the bottom of his report, opened the second drawer of his filing cabinet and stacked the folder nowhere in particular...amongst the many others. Do I warn Stubbs in Goomeri?..nah– no, bugger him.
“Honolulu? Official Secrets? Immunities? Pine Gap? What was all that about Ernie?”
 “Sometimes bullshit baffles brains Rienus.  Anyway if it got to that, I’m sure Mrs Kellor would’ve been able to pull some diplomatic strings for us.  That policeman back there is no fool and we’re very lucky he decided not to press the issue. Still, I’ll keep looking over my shoulder...just in case.”
“But I’ve never been to Hawaii Ernie.  Is this one of your clever little cover-ups?  One of your little intrigues?  Oh never mind; maybe that officer’s suggestion as to a good steak is worthy of consideration.  Just look at this countryside, it’s beautiful, those rolling plains, the greenery, all those orchids, the cattle; this sure is a big country.  We may have to spend the night in the area, what do you think? it’s getting on a bit.”
Ernie was pleased that Rienus did not press the point about his passport. “Welcome to Goomeri; population 521.  There should be a hotel or motel around; yep there’s a sign; Joe’s Grand Hotel; Fine Food; Accommodation... and it’s right in the middle of Goomeri; let’s check it out.”
-oOo-
“You know” said Ernie, “that would have to be one the best meals I’ve ever eaten...and I’ve been to a few Michelin three star eateries in my day...congratulations to you and your chef sir; I thoroughly enjoyed the experience...as has my friend here.”
“Thank you sir, I’ll pass on your comments to the cook. Would you care for some samples of our wines? We have a vineyard nearby and you will be pleasantly surprised at the quality from our last vintage.”
“Wonderful.  If we may, we’d like to book overnight accommodation here...two rooms and reserve a table for dinner?”
Ernie paid at the reception counter and asked the very friendly, bright red-headed lady behind the counter, if she might know the whereabouts of Mizzy Ooloo.  “She normally lives just out of town, down Goomeribong Road; it leads into the State forest.  She comes here now and again to buy supplies with other women.  Nice soul, never any trouble, but I’ve heard she went off on a trip somewhere just recently.”
He explained that they were here to personally thank her for all she did for Rienus.  “Do you know if any of her family or friends may be around?  Seems a shame that we’ll miss her after all this effort.”
“Around 10 am, some of her friends normally stroll in to the supermarket; you may try to ask one of them about her.”
Ernie and Rienus took a leisurely walk through the town.  “Not much happening here Ernie, although I see the Great Australian Pumpkin Roll Festival is only a few weeks away; poster says the town will swell to 12,000.
Wow, it’s classed as an international event as well; we could always come back later and roll a couple of pumpkins down the hill for a prize.”
“For a small town it sure has a lot of antique stores; look at the size of that one The Goomeri Emporium; let’s have a browse.”
Dinner again, was superb and both men relished the experience.  The wine was outstanding and Ernie was delighted with the quality and quantity of the mixed grill which he had only just managed to get through.  “How was your Bangers and Mash, Rienus?”
“A serendipitous and yummy meal, old boy. Will you be speaking with Aggie later? Tell her I’m fine, although my belt is stretching from all this gluttony.”
“Ha ha, you and me both Rienus.  Yes, I need to give her a progress report; that’s what I get paid for.  I’ll see if she has been able to clear the way with the Australians to allow your exit from the country.  Damn paperwork..as you well know.”
“Yes, the sooner I get back to the diffuse lamellar keratitis the better.”
“What’s that? Another one of your amazing machines?”
Rienus laughed; he was teasing Ernie. “Sorry for being a smart-ass Ernie; that was a clue in a cryptic crossword puzzle that had me completely stumped.  Diffuse lamellar keratitis is an eye complaint commonly known as Sands of the Sahara. Sorry, it must be this lovely wine; think I may have another glass...er miss.”
Ernie sat on his bed and redialled.  Finally he heard the words, “Hullo, Edna Kellor here.”
“Yes Mrs Kellor, Ernie here.”
Edna explained that she had just got home to Putney. She told him of the death of Chief Atian and of the funeral in Canada.  Ernie was not too happy about the obvious breach and laxity by his security staff in allowing Edna and Aggie to leave the country unescorted.  Those over-paid bozos didn’t report this to me. Then Edna told him about her trip to Minnesota and about her purchase.  He made a mental note to kick-ass his team when he returned. “Aggie’s resting at the moment Ernie.  She did get your message about the confirmation; as far as I know she hasn’t put forward any plans for Rienus, so delay as long as you can.  Tell him there’s some problem with Homeland Security; that’s normally par for the course. Anyway, didn’t Aggie tell you to have a short vacation there?”
“Well we’ve been motoring through the rural area around Brisbane.  At the moment we’re staying in an old fashioned hotel; circa 1911 fully restored art deco.  The food is great and it’s good to see that Rienus is his old self again...God, I’ve just realised what I’ve said. Anyway we came here to thank a local Aboriginal woman named Mizzy who was the one who rescued our man.  But it seems she’s left Goomeri for some reason or another so tomorrow we’ll try to find if she has family here.” “Ma’am...Mrs Kellor?..are you there?”  Edna could not say a word; she tried, but nothing would came out. 
Finally...“Ernie, you did say Goomeri didn’t you?”
“Yes ma’am, it’s a little place just down the road from the township of Murgon; the place where Rienus was found.”
“Give me an hour or so, I’ll get back to you Ernie, bye.” Damn you, pointing bone; you sure have your strange ways of getting my attention. Edna sat down and began writing a list; a list of things that she wanted Ernie to investigate.  I could go on and on with these questions, don’t know if Ernie can handle it.  Maybe I should take a trip Down-Under myself; maybe I can help Aggie sort out the problem with Rienus in Goomeri.  Seems Goomeri is the epicentre of everything.  Gees I hate travelling alone, but at least I may be able to meet up with Ernie and Rienus there.
Chapter Twenty Four
Alex turned to Aggie and stroked her wet hair. “I could really get used to this; never had so many saunas in my life, and a gorgeous lady to share it with.  I really missed you Aggie. It was good to be able to see my dad and get him up to date with everything; he’s worried that he might not be able to bear up to your expectations; he nearly flipped when he realized you were Kellor Resources.”
“It’s just as well he didn’t get to see aunt and me two days ago in Canada; we looked like filthy rag dolls discarded on a trash-heap. Anyway love, I’m glad you talked him into coming here for a visit and a look around...by the way, I’ve already bought that house you were looking at.  Even if he’s not interested, I think it’s a good investment. Anyway, before all that, Aunt Edna decided to go off by herself to somewhere in Minnesota and bought herself a house there; don’t ask me why, something to do with burial grounds.  Well I guess that motivated me to do the same. Err, are you all right with that, my love?”
“So if I wanted that house, I would have to buy it from you?”
“Hmm, depends on your offer.  I wouldn’t insult you by just giving it to you, wouldn’t want you to think you’re my toy boy.”
 “Well I’ll just wait till we’re married then.”
“OK; that’s a reasonable offer.”
“You know Aggie, I really think dad will love Vermont and you and Edna and the goings on around here.  How is it with Professor Lien and Ken Kain; all back on track now?”
“Er, Mister Kain is back with his family in Fort Bragg; he’s fully recovered from his ordeal, thankfully.  As to Rienus, he’s back at Reggane working on the capacitor, Abdul is happy, as you can imagine and probably never far from his side.  The other Professor Rienus Lien is currently in a small country town in Australia with Ernie Tonges.”
Aggie held him tight and could feel his heartbeat increasing.  She knew that Slig was downloading the information to him.  I’m so happy he’s using his Whisp with more confidence. Do you think Slig will be able to convey that little matter to him Dwarg?
Slig will provide all the facts and they will not be adequate for even the highest form of analytical interpretation of this situation. I have passed only what I know, which is still void of complete explanation.
Sometimes it’s just easier to say “Aggie; I don’t know.”
“Another Rienus Lien? And the DNA confirms it?”
“Yes dear heart.  They’re both one and the same; only now they are not exactly the same because of their current environment.  Their exactness stopped when they were beamed down to earth by; I suppose, our...my zapper;  the GM2. They grow apart with each passing second.  To be honest, I can’t make a decision as to what to do about it; nor does Aunt Edna; I was hoping you may help...I have complete faith in you.”
“But mon petit amour c’est une tache un peu plus difficile que moi envoyant hors du Sahara pour tuer un satellite.  Slig is even at odds with finding an answer. Would you like me to go to Australia and do something? You know I will in an instant; just say the word.”
“No, I don’t think that would help.  Of course Ernie knows; I had to tell him.  Poor chap, he’s also mystified and waiting for an explanation.  At least he’s stalling before bringing Rienus back here;  there has to be some logic in all of this Alex.”
“May I refer madam to the logic of the Goomeri Pointing Bone, and to Aunt Edna’s trances with that Aboriginal painting, even my own inexplicable yet wonderful meeting with my future wife under the most illogical of circumstances?”
“Hmm Omar Khayyam.”
“Who? Oma...never mind Aggie, Slig just kicked in...got it.”
“Aren’t Whisps just wonderful Alex?”  She held his hand and they kissed and caressed.  Alex smiled and thought, I wonder if Aggie knows how our little Whisps communicate? No?..well let’s keep that our little secret; and Slig. while we’re at it, let’s get some more thoughts on this Rienus Lien problem...give me some kudos man.
“Aggie, I wonder if there may be some merit in looking at the metaphysical side of things.  I know, you’re a scientist and it goes against the grain, but just think about our own little “extraordinary” circumstances with Dwarg and Slig.  In scientific terms, isn’t that just as preposterous as a human materializing from nowhere?  And in all fairness, you yourself still do your thing...your spiritual, er, your cultural...er, come on, help me out here darling.”
“I understand what you’re getting at, but duplicating human beings is a little far removed than dancing to the spirits of ancestors. But I do take your point sweetheart. Even Dwarg has problems with things that have happened of late...seems it all started with that Goomeri Pointing Bone; it’s thoroughly confounded him.  Aunt Edna seems obsessed with it and goes off on her own private little investigations. Come to think of it, a while ago we even wondered if Rienus was the subject of one of her trances...the mysterious old white man...and it was related to Australia.”
“Well even if we do find out exactly how and why another Professor Lien is on this planet, there’s no way of sending him back to where he came from.  His time-line is now on another course. Obviously, the Goomeri Mark Two did something before it self-destructed. Your Star Trek Transporter had a hiccup. Look Aggie, I honestly think the only way to smooth this situation out is to sit down with both of them, well apart initially, and just tell them what happened and introduce them to each other. Who knows, they may even get on well together.”
“He’s a celebrity and world renowned, so we tell the world...what?”
“Twins, they were twins all along. Aggie that’s not altogether untrue;  and from what I’ve heard, Professor Lien isn’t disposed to having his life and adventures open for public scrutiny; and we have one of the best security services in the country.”
“Ooh, I love you so much darling; I was thinking along the same lines, but I needed your thoughts to guide and convince me; I just can’t get enough of you.” Aggie then giggled and put her hand over her lips, “Sorry Alex; it’s just Dwarg trying to settle me down with a bit of silly comedy...he’s getting better at it.  OK then, let’s bring Rienus Number 2 back here, in from the cold.”
Alex looked at her and wondered what Dwarg had told her...Come on Slig, out with it.
Er, in my opinion, Dwarg would have set the image of two identical naked Alex Bentleys now sitting either side of her.
Aggie saw him smile.  “Oh Lord, I hope he didn’t see what I was thinking..did he?... Dwarg?...Dwarg?”
No Aggie. Dwarg, the Whisp from the Aura, had told his first deliberate lie.
“Should get dressed and get back to the house; I’ll go have a chat with aunt and see how her adventures are going, then give Ernie and Rienus a call...and...and Alex, goodness you are the warrior...I guess aunt can wait a little longer...oh yes, and I need to ring the University later.”
-oOo-
Oskar Bruin had terrible nightmares regularly.  The booze helped him to sleep but the mornings were the worst.  His head would hurt and often it took some time for him to orientate himself.  He would sit on the edge of his cot and look around his room for clues and reminders.  Sometimes his senses would work it out quickly, but more often than not, he would mumble to himself and he would recognize the words rather than the objects he was looking at. He would stand up unsteadily and stumble or walk; depending on the amount of alcohol he had consumed; outside his shack and obey the call of nature.  The more urgent the call, the shorter the walk. 
This particular morning was the worst night he had ever endured; with the worst nightmare.  He sat up and almost immediately found his bearings. Dint ain’t ‘av a drop yes’day but me nut don’t ‘alf hurt. He took a longer than normal walk to relieve himself. When he returned, he instinctively put the kettle on the portable gas stove and turned it on. Don’t exactly feelen ta caffee or tea or grog  right now; Don’t know what Ah’m fancying. Still unsure of which brew to make, Oskar poured the now boiling water into his old stained enamelled mug, sat down on his camp folding chair and slowly drank it down. Amazingly his headache began to ease and he poured himself a second cup of hot water.  He looked through the fist sized hole in the window, at the world outside his hut and tried to think of the dreams he had just had...the dreams that terrified him so.Maybe Ah’l go visit Archie and ajaw some; sees what’s a go wit Lexie of late.
“You look like shit Osk...come in, let’s clean you up and get some good food into you.” Archie had wonderful news and stories to tell to Oskar. “Alex is going to marry that girl; would you believe it old friend?  He swears it’s true love; even got some pictures to show you.  “See, she’s some beautiful woman; native American, and she owns a company that generates power and does electronic stuff; even owns an aeroplane.  Alex reckons she’s down to earth without pretentious bullshit.  She lives with her aunt up there. They want me to go up for a visit and a recce, maybe even move there if I want.”
“An who be dis woman?”
“That’s her Aunt Edna; Alex reckons she’s a real character.  Does her own mechanics, chops wood, shovels snow...in fact Alex says that she’s the local unofficial tribal healer; never lost a patient.  She drives a big black Hummer.  Now get this Osk, Alex actually went to Africa on their jet and did some work for her company; it was only for a day or so, but you should have seen how excited he was when he told me.  He did try to drop in on you Osk, but he said you weren’t around.”
“Coulda be right Arch...matter a fact, don’t know meself where Ah’m at most a da time.  The fuzz boys jist tip me out at ma front door at end of day; Ah’s not bin too good a late.”
 “I really worry about you old friend.  How’s about staying with me a while before you head back; I’ve plenty of food and booze?”
 “Ah’d  rader not be a perensite offa ya mate.”
“It would make me feel so good to have some company around for a while Osk; I miss Alex, and I get so lonely...please old friend?”
“Well if’n it means dat much to ya; OK den. Now let me eye dat photo agin; that woman, that aunt...seems Ah see’d her sometime someow. A’looking at er, makes me feel good inside; she be hav’n power, dis ere medicine woman.”
“Really Oskar? Well guess what? You’ll be meeting her later; at Alex’s wedding; he wants you to be his best man.”
“Shit no Arch, no way man; Ah’m not fit for da mixen with the classy people; no sir; not dis dude from noawhere.  Don’t ask me to do dat stuff; Ah’d rader tackle a gater.”
“Don’t panic, no date’s been set; but Alex is really keen to have you next to him on the big day. Anyways I’ll be there as well to hold your hand.  Take this as a huge compliment Oskar; of all of Alex’s friends in this world, he’s singled you as the most important.”
“So now Ah gotta go buy a suit?”
“You’re going to love this Oskar...Aggie his girl, is hankering for a traditional First Nation wedding.  How do you look in feathers, old boy?”
“Last time Ah seen me in feathers was when I bit dat damn rooster on the ass for awakin me up too early...no, no, before dat.  Was in Dirty Bart’s Saloon, Ah upchucked over ‘is woman.  She come up to me only a wearin two a dem big feather fans; made me sneeze and den some...look ‘ere, still ‘ave the scar from dat beatin. But enough of dis pullen of ma leg. Where the wedding be Arch?”
“Canada.  Just up the road and over the border a ways; Alex will organize and pay for everything, even your buckskin outfit with fluffy moccasins.  And dance, did I tell you about the wedding dance?”
“Reckon Ah can crash ‘ere for a spell? Ah feel a sleep fairy a closing me eyes.”
-oOo-
Oskar woke up the following morning without a headache; without the after effects of delirious dreaming; the first time since he could remember.  He opened his eyes and knew exactly where he was.  He was on a bunk in Archie’s house; he had had a wonderful sleep.  The smell of fried bacon wafted through the house, and toast; yes toast he could also smell that.  Then he heard music, bluegrass music, he looked out the window and could feel the warmth of the rays of sunlight on him.  He sat up without pain and felt something in his hand. He opened it to see that he still had the photo of Edna. Damn good medicine, dis woman.
He studied it again, there was something, something about her; and slowly it began to dawn on him that she looked very much like one of the women in his horror dreams.  This particular one was the woman who dragged him away from the many teeth and claws that were biting and cutting him to pieces. He couldn’t see where those attacks were coming from; they just appeared from the dark; there were many of them and seemed to stab and bite him from all angles.  As much as he tried, he couldn’t scream or run away; he flailed his arms and legs but still the attack continued. He raised his arms to protect his face which he felt was deeply cut and bleeding. Then he felt his arms being grabbed and was dragged away from the spot.  He opened his eyes to look as his rescuer.  He saw the face of that woman, Alex’s girlfriend’s aunt; it was definitely her.
“Good morning Oskar, how about a big breakfast? Got coffee on the brew and a heap of bacon and toast.  I see your face has a little more colour in it today.  I reckon if a mortician saw you yesterday, he would have rubbed his hands together in glee.”
“Morn Arch; damn if that wasn’t the best kip Ah had for a bit; bacon ‘n toast?  ya betcha.”
They sat down and went about eating breakfast in a somewhat quite manner.  There was a lack of small talk and finally Archie said, “Oskar, you know you can share your problems with me; I won’t put you down, I know what loneliness is; sometimes it’s good just let thing out.”
“Sometimes Ah jist don’t know what ta do anymore Arch.  Seems me liven is getting me down.  Tired a putting up sandbags around me ‘n hiding from da world. Ah know Ah’m getting near da odder side a me life and lately Ah’m tinking wat a shit of a liven and wat a waste a time ‘n effort. Lexie ‘n you be me only friends in my life.”
“You’ve never really told my about your life Oskar; just things here and there.  I learnt after arresting you so many times in the past, that you had it rough since being a kid and wanted to be fiercely independent. And as far as I know, you never committed any, what I would call, crimes against the person. I realized a long time ago that someone, somewhere in your history, has a lot to answer for.”
“Cain’t go blamin anyone but meself mate; guess Ah shoulda woke up that Ah shoulda walked along the track dat was dare for me; instead Ah trod along ‘n made me own track; jist see were Ah ended up; a useless olden fart.”
“Well try this for useless, man.  Alex would be working in Drucker’s General Store in Hicksville, if it wasn’t for you.  I’m frigging sure I would have been dead a few times now if it wasn’t for your talents. Shit, you’re my hero, and it pisses me off to hear you put yourself down like that...”
“Whoa, whoa Arch, you’all end up getting dem dizzy spells agin, now pass me dat bacon fat; ‘n dat butter.”
“Ah remember weildin a machete back in Cottonwood Minnesota; Ah was chasin a man ‘n ‘onest to God, Ah wanted to kill ‘im.  Ah was only a kid ‘n me ma and pa locked me up in a room but Ah git out window and run away. Ah jist run ‘n run till Ah dropped. I sleeped dat nite under a tree ‘n Ah liked it.  Ah remember a’laying dare a’lookin up ‘n Ah sees elves ‘n goblins playin in it. Never looked to goin back; jist wanted da freedom of da open spaces...” Archie poured more coffee into both mugs. He had never heard Oskar string so many sentences together before.
“Go on sport, I’m listening.”
“Ah stoled some corn ‘n fruit as Ah travelled.  One day Ah come across a hound dat, was wounded in ‘is back leg. Ah felt dat Ah shoulda pick some of da weeds and some soil, mixed ‘em ‘n put it on da dog’s open wound.  Ah tore offen a piece a me shirt ‘n wrapped ‘is leg. Stayed wit it for a time, a couple of ‘ours ‘n da hound got back on ‘is legs ’n a started to awalkin agin. Den a truck comed along ‘n stopped.  Anyways the dog’s owner sees ‘is hound is still alive ‘n awalkin.  ‘E reckons ‘is daughter shot da dog by mistook ‘n was out ‘ere lookin for da body.  ‘E was sure happy wit me, gimme me some vittals ‘n four dollars. Dat was da start a me odyssey.”
“Er Oskar...the man and the machete?”
“Dain’t know it den a course; dat man said Ah belonged to ‘im ‘n Ah had to play wit ‘is...’is, wee-wee... ya know Arch?  ‘E made me watch ‘im playin wit ‘imself ‘n all. Ah dain’t know no different ‘n ma ‘n pa said Ah must be good to ‘im ‘n do as’n ‘e says. One day ‘e really ‘urt me Arch ‘n wouldn’t let go a me; Ah screamed in pain but dat made ‘im more ‘ard. Ah got so damn mad dat Ah reached behind a me ‘n grabbed ‘im wit all me power; ‘e let go ‘n Ah run out da room, still wit me pants off ‘n Ah’m seein some blood.  Ah run into pa’s shed ‘n grabbed da machete offen da wall rack ‘n ran back to da ‘ouse a’screaming my intentions a ‘acking dat man inta pieces.  Ah ‘member a chasin ‘im from room ta room ‘n da faces on me ma ‘n pa – dey jist stood dare lookin like statues in a gravenyard.  Dat man ran down da road still doen up ‘is trousers.  Ma ‘n pa said Ah ‘ad to go to me room, ‘n it got locked afer me.  Still cain’t figure ‘ow come me folks let dat old witey man ‘ave ‘is way wit me.  Ah never told anyone dis before Arch...”
Archie was amazed at the outpouring of stories from the fascinating life of Oskar Bruin.  Oskar would be laughing one minute, then in tears, then serious, then vague, but the adventures continued for hours.  Although they had been friends for years, Archie saw this man in quite a different light now.  Some of his stories seemed to fill the spaces and revealed answers to questions about Oskar’s life; questions which Archie was always too afraid (or polite), to ask.
“Ah stopped goin inta da big town last year cause people were a comin up ta me ‘n asking if Ah was Chuck Berry; must look like ‘im Ah guess.  Anyways one day Ah said “sure is” ‘n Ah was swamped wit all sorts a folk a wantin my signature ‘n stuff ‘n free booze, Arch Ah ‘ad so much free booze Ah reckoned Ah was on a good ting till someone didn’t believe me and kicked da shit outa me ass. Da lawmans did da same ‘n all.”
“Now Ah got dis Aboriginal news. Don’t even know ‘ow da ‘ell Ah git involved.  Da Gov’ner man up ‘n tells me Ah was a stolen offa my real ma ‘n pa in Australia. Bit late now Ah says to ‘em, already git one leg in da grave. So da man tells me dares money due to me; componsiton from the Queen of Australia; and if Ah want; a trip back to see if’n I want ta try ‘n find me real kin.  If’n ah was asked dat even ten years ago, Ah’d say no; got no interest in kin, never ‘ad, never will. Ya see Arch, dares the point a me ‘avin the blues lately. It’s all so past me by.”
“Excuse me for just a minute Oskar, got to go toilet...make another brew if you like.” Archie went to the bathroom and sat on the closed lid of the toilet.  He had been a tough cop for a long time, maybe it was age, maybe he was becoming more aware of his own mortality; but Oskar’s story clawed at his heart-stings, and, if only for a little while, he needed to sob.
“Wat’s a confusion Arch, is all dis stuff Ah git sent to me from Down Under.  I wonder if’n someone knows me or maybe it’s jist a group a folk doen good to us stolen generation people.  Dat pointin bone come wit some power, some medicine; Ah know dat, but I wonder who sent it and why; dat’s jist not yer average souvenir, don’t ya reckon?”
“Oh shit Oskar, that reminds me.  Alex left it up there in Vermont; the Goomeri I mean.  He says Aggie’s aunt took an interest in it, seems it wanted to be with her and she’s studying it.  He wanted to know if that was OK with you, else he’ll send it straight back to you.”
“Reckon it’s doen it’s job; reckon I’d like ta meet dat woman one day.”
“Hey, lunchtime old friend, look at these; they’re Australian Meat Pies; a couple of minutes in the microwave, a squirt of ketchup and presto, instant meal; no plates or cutlery to wash.  Bought them on special the other day.  Fancy one or two?”
“As long as ya cook ‘em soft; not too many molars left in this ‘ere gob.”
Archie watched the countdown as the microwave buzzed. “Now here’s a thought from Right Field.  What say the both of us just pack up, get on a plane and check out Australia; I’m not committed to anything here, you’re not due for court appearances; so what the hell is stopping us mate?  The money is no problem.  I would love to see the place, the kangaroos, the koalas, the crocodiles, the outback, tell you what, I’ll get a DVD about it; have I sold you Oskar?”
“Err, dat stuff gives me awful frights Arch. Never bin near a plane; goin up in da air like dat; bloody long way to fall if’n it breaks down; ‘n day make so much racket; folk shouda go deaf by listenin to dem motors; dis body a mine wouldn’t ‘old up to dem dar machines.”
“You said yourself you’ve already got one leg in the grave; that leaves the other leg free to do whatever you want. Come on Osk, there’s places out there where you can keep making your own track.  No good rotting away here in misery; who knows, maybe your track-making will lead you to a place that you may have been looking for all your life.”
Oskar’s curiosity did become aroused by Archie’s outrageous plan; this would be so much different from what he had even thought was imaginable. “N ya reckon da money don’t matter? guess won’t ‘urt ta take da Queen’s offer of a trip for a looksee of dat land.  Gees Arch, dat may also mean Ah gotta get meself cleaned up ‘n all.  Ma skin ain’t seen da side of a sponge wit soap, longer dan Ah can ‘member; guess Ah can git and jump in da crick wit a scrubbin brush.”
“And we can both go into town to one of those fancy hair dressers and stylists; and have our toe and fingernails done by one of those sassy girls from the Philippines.  Tell you what else, this time I reckon I’ll go buy new clothes and shoes from a shop, and not at the Goodwill bazaar.”
“Ah ward dis ere dungaree ensemble since the ‘atees; guess Ah could git ‘em a wash ‘n all.”
“Ok then Oskar, let’s do it...let’s start with contacting the Governor’s office.  Next we’ll talk to the Australian consulate and get a proper low-down on your situation. Then passports, visas, booking the trip, some research; we need to get some luggage...I’ll get a notebook, should be writing all this down.  I’ll give Alex a call tomorrow; I think he will be happy for us.  So, do I tell him that you would be thrilled to be his best man?”
“Ya. OK...shit Arch, dis new track Ah’m takin ‘as me all in a tizz.”
Chapter Twenty Five
“Are you sure Aunt Edna?  Australia’s a long, long way from here.”
“I need to follow this all the way Aggie.  And Alex, your Uncle Oskar is heavily involved in the puzzle.  So far, I’ve found out that he was born near Alice Springs, Australia and stolen from his mother whilst he was still a baby.  He was taken by a missionary named James Robinson and sent to the USA to be adopted by a couple named Bruin; it wasn’t a completely legal adoption and the Bruin’s all but hid him from society.  His adoptive home was in Cottonwood, Minnesota...I own it now. Seems young Oskar ran away from home, I think around the age of seven and was never heard from again.  Later, the Bruins gave birth to a girl named Erin; she’s now married and still living around Cottonwood. Her parents are now deceased. Erin has no idea of the existence of Oskar.  Does that ring true so far?”
“Old Osk said he did come from up north ways and ran away when he was a kid; that bit about coming from Australia is true; he’s recently got letters from the Australian Government to say so, but I don’t think he knew he was adopted. He’s still very bitter about his folks...the Bruins I mean.”
“Now for the fuzzy bits.  The Goomeri Pointing Bone, via you and Oskar Bruin, found its way to me. That painting by Robinson, via the Bruin family, found its way to me.  In the Bruin homestead, I found a Certificate of Adoption for Oskar and surprise surprise, it’s a fake. Here’s a photo of the young couple with a happy looking Oskar.” Edna passed the photo and the false adoption certificate to Alex.
“In this paper bag is a lock of Oskar’s hair...I’ll tell you all about that later. I went up into the attic of their house and felt that there was a great deal of sorrow and remorse lingering there.
Now this is where I’m having trouble.  See this? It’s a newspaper article about the disappearance of one Reverend James Robinson. Erin’s father filed a missing persons report on him. It’s around the same time that Oskar would have disappeared. Apparently Robinson spent some time with the Bruins.  According to the report, the Reverend went for his daily walk along the Cottonwood Lake and just simply never returned. I know he was murdered...the spirits of the lake told me so...sorry, can’t put it any other way.  He was killed by a black man with a tomahawk and his body was dragged, weighted and dumped into the water. The water around that place is foul and offensive to the ancestors.  Erin’s father was the killer.
“Wow Edna, sounds like Oskar skedaddled just in time; no wonder he hated them.  He may well have been the next victim.”
“That’s what I thought at first, but something was not making sense...and what was the deal with me being involved?  Then I tried to figure out the Australian connection...and Aggie, remember when we were talking about the painting being enchanted because the woman’s spirit may have been trapped within it?”
“Of course aunt and I recall we were discussing the Burringilling, the ghost spirit and the old white man, who we mistakenly thought may have been Rienus.”
“Aggie, be a dear and write these things on your whiteboard...you know, the way you sometimes figure out things...don’t mind if the Whips help out either.” Alex and Aggie exchanged looks.
“Sometimes Aunt Edna goes into her Sherlock Holmes mode sweetheart, but let’s hear her out...OK aunt, ready to scribe.”
“Right, now note down this sequence of probable events:
1.Robinson paints a picture of Oskar and his mother; her spirit is captured and trapped. Where did that happen?..question mark that.
2.Robinson steals baby Oskar and sends him to the USA... to the Bruins.
3.A curse is placed on Robinson by...someone, dying mother?..question mark that. That clipping of baby Oskar’s hair; it holds a powerful curse...believe me it does.
4.Robinson comes to stay with the Bruins; hence his painting comes to Cottonwood USA.
5.Young Oskar runs away. Robinson is killed by adoptive father.  Why? Question mark that as well Aggie.
Ok, now we’re in the present...and, in a matter of days, all these things happen:
First...Oskar’s status has been discovered and a pointing bone is sent from someone in Goomeri...and it came to me via Oskar then Alex.
Then...Oskar’s adoptive father dies and the painting finds its way... to me.
Then...Professor Lien disappears. Then is found...in Australia.
Next...The woman in the painting shows me that her baby will be taken away.
Plus...The woman in the painting also tells me of the old white man and points to the Burringilling.
Did the Burringilling create another Rienus Lien? I think she was telling me so.
Anyway, I guess Oskar’s biological mother would be dead after all this time, yet her spirit...it’s still trapped within that painting.
“So...by alerting me about Rienus; what better magnet to get me to go to Goomeri?..and to bring Oskar with me; and just look at me now, I’m planning to do just that.
All in all children, the key to everything, including our extra Rienus lies in a small village in rural Australia.  Oh, I nearly forgot to tell you... I’ve just had a chat with Ernie.  He and Rienus are driving through the countryside enjoying the open spaces. They are spending this very night in a little hotel in a little place called Goomeri.  Now children, are there any questions?”
Aggie, Dwarg, Alex and Slig studied the whiteboard; the Whisps were silent and the Humans were lost for words.  Then all at once, the questions poured out. Most of the discussion centered around the Burringilling – was it really that spirit or was it Aggie’s transporter glitch?  All agreed that the timing was very, if not extremely, coincidental.
“Tell me more about this Booreng...that spirit character.”
Edna nodded to Aggie who explained, “Burringilling is an impish, perhaps roguish spirit.  Some tribes know him as an evil and sinister phantom, but in the main, he’s associated with progress or growth, especially when one begins to reach the age of man or womanhood. It’s a masculine spirit, can be part human or animal and hides in trees or soil or clouds or smoke; he carries a magical tool; a talisman which gives him powers of transformation.  With this, he can change the shape of the landscape, the weather and even himself.  He has been known to transform himself into a young handsome man and ravish the women around him; he wants the resulting babies for some reason.  He may also duplicate himself to allow for multiple servicing.
During certain ceremonies, the Burringilling can be called upon to invoke punishments or vengeance.  Keep in mind Alex, Aboriginals do not punish their own in the way we know it; they don’t know of imposing fines or imprisonment or capital punishment.  The worst that can happen to one who has transgressed his tribe is total banishment.  For what’s it’s worth, the literal translation of Burringilling is walking together.”
Dwarg was a little confused, as was Slig.  If even a little of this proves correct, we ourselves have been used as conduits in these strange events; and manipulation without our knowledge opens areas not yet of our awareness. We may yet be ignorant Flatlanders.
“And Edna, you don’t know Uncle Oskar as I do.  It’s going to take several rolls of duct tape just to strap him down and get him away from his zone...as for getting him on an aeroplane, good luck.  I’m hoping against hope that he’ll come all this way for our wedding.  As for going to Australia? that also means he has to shower and shave. You may have to nab him while he’s still in an alcoholic coma; anyway he’s already told the Australians he’s not interested in going back; ever.”
“Young man, I’ll let you have first dibbs at asking him; and please ask him nicely.  If he says no, I’ll try it my way.”
“I’ll call dad right now, he should still be up; Osk’s not cell-phone savvy.”
“Fine.  Aggie and I need to clean up the guesthouse anyway;  take your time Alex and good luck.”
Edna straightened the sheets on the bed in the master bedroom; Aggie looked on, slightly embarrassed. “Goodness, how do these beds get so ruffled?”
Ah, would you like the scientific and technical explanation or just a blow by blow description aunt.”
“No need sweetheart; got it all on tape; via that camera over there...” Aggie’s head snapped around.  “Ha ha got ya, should have seen your face just now.  Baby, it was only a rhetorical question; if the bed wasn’t touched, then I’d be worried.”
“Oh aunt, you can be such a nice bitch sometimes.  But really, I do worry about you going so far away, and then facing all that intrigue.  It’s so much of a delicate time for me right now with the processes in Algeria and I need to put in a lot of time with my rain maker.”
“Well it’s good that at least you had a nice long conversation with Rienus the second, today; that should settle him down for a while.  Do you think Phoebe and Jade will be all right to take me? she swears she is over her little episode. I just hate those long flights; and this will be the longest yet; and if Alex is right about his Oskar being a little shy of everything, this may be a good way of getting to know him.”
“Well, Jade doesn’t know about the other Rienus; my fault; guess I was hoping for some sort of miracle that the duplicate would disappear...sorry bad choice of words. Hmm aunt...how would you feel if I asked Alex to escort you on that trip?”
“No no, I’d rather he stay here with you Aggie; I need to know that you’ll have someone to watch over you as well.  One thing that I’m happy about is the fact that this little adventure does cross over things relating directly to Kellor Resources, so’s I feel I’m contributing at least a little bit.  We make a good team Aggie and by including Alex, it’ll only get stronger. My real concern is to how Rienus will react to his other self.”
“Hmm...you mean the Rienus twins?”  Aggie looked at Edna and said “Just changing the subject aunt, there’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you. Back there in Canada, after the funeral, you said you had to see Adam then returned with a box of stuff.  You looked...well you looked...hmm a little different. And you were a little quiet on the drive back to Putney.  Am I poking my nose into something you don’t want me to?”
“Seems I’m now the Nation’s Shaman; Atian asked Adam to see to it. My problem is to be able to make myself available for the many ceremonies that a medicine woman needs to participate and celebrate.  It’s a big deal Aggie and will keep me on the hop..literally. I feel I’m still lacking so much understanding with the spiritual side...you know things like interpreting dreams and visions. Anyway, one thing at a time.”
“And you were going to tell me about this teeny weeny event...when?”
“The official announcement will be at Adam’s coming elevation to Chief; I’ll be needed to organize the ceremony.  Still, that’s a few moons’ away.”
“Moons’ away? why aunt, you’re already talking the talk; hope you’re not going to say words like forked-tongue, scalp and white-eyes.  Anyway, that is so wonderful; I’m so proud and you deserve to be recognized in such a way.  Wow, you’re going to be in the big time.”
They strolled back to the homestead to see Alex standing on the porch.  “He sure cuts a fine figure Aggie; what a hunk.”
 “You just keep your damn paws ’n beady eyes offa him moccasin woman; that’s my man; don’t make me put on war paint.”
They were still laughing as they stepped onto the porch.  Alex had just finished chatting with his father and stood there scratching his head in bewilderment.  “You wouldn’t believe this in a million years ladies, I’ve just had the strangest conversation with my dad...you just won’t believe this...”
Aggie embraced him and they walked in the house. “Tell us later darling.”
Edna picked up a rubber tennis ball and threw it, with the dogs in hot pursuit.  She looked up at the mass of stars above and whispered The road is long, with many a winding turn, that leads us to who knows where, who knows when.
-oOo-
Abdul looked liked like a little kid playing in a sand box, but his bulldozers, front-end loaders and tip trucks were not little toys, they were large, cumbersome and moved and gouged the ground.  One of the engineers from the Algiers Polytechnic had belatedly handed Abdul a Certificate of Competency, which authorised him to operate certain earth moving machines.  That was enough for Abdul to clamber aboard a low-loader, offload a bobcat and make the terrified work-gangs run and scatter for cover; and his antics drew more than the normal curses and fist shakes.  He roared off, over a large sand-dune, when the noise of his machine stopped suddenly. 
The more experienced of the work group knew exactly  what had happened and one called for the local first aid attendant.  “Take your kit over that dune, Ahmed, the bobcat has tipped over. If Abdulmalek is still alive, make sure he cannot ever use machinery again...ahh never mind, there he comes.  His toy is broken...Allah be Praised.”
Aaron and Rienus were standing on top of the building which housed the capacitor.  They could see the dust rising from the area where the first gap in the mountain chain would be filled.  “How’s it looking for rain in the near future Rienus?..don’t want too much for a while...gees, I can’t believe I just said that.”
“Should work out all right; a little rain would help, need it for the concrete at least.  Aggie has a phobia about drilling into the sandstone for water, but we’ll make a decision in a month of two.  I spoke with her earlier today and she’s organized a separate project involving a joint venture with the Algerian Department of Antiquities and my old school, the University of Oklahoma...and this will cost a bit.  She wants the entire valley scoured, poked, surveyed and inspected. I tried to head her off and told her that the knobs in Algiers had already looked at the impact study and had given her the go-ahead for the alterations and development.”
“So our leader is looking at nuptials, I hear?”
Rienus chucked, “And marriage as well Aaron.  I’ve met her man.  A wonderful guy; Alex Bentley, ex astronaut, ex NASA.  He has so much in common with Aggie, they seem to communicate without even talking to each other.  I met him in Honolulu. Don’t be surprised if he pops up here one day for a visit; I know he’ll be involved with KR in due course. I’m sure he’ll fit in. You’ll really like him.”
Aaron turned to Rienus and said, “You don’t say.” He thought to himself, shit Rienus, where the hell have you been? Don’t you know that Alex and I rolled around on a bed of sand together, just down there...down there where that little black spot is.
“Rienus, I’ve got the equipment for the well-head on its way.  The anchoring should be finished in three days. I’ve asked for the generator and the electronics ready to be shipped – they are on stand-by.  The housing is just about prepared; see, over there.  Poke-through should be within three weeks from now. Now I need to know the alignments; have you worked them out yet?”
“Yes, at this stage it’s about 90 percent accurate and that’s enough tolerance.  I’ll allow for fine tuning as we get closer to completing the tower.”
“Tower? what tower Rienus?”
“Oh yes; Aggie would like us to build a tower, well a pylon really, a big one, a real big one.”
“Hmm, for a flagpole?”
“Good one Aaron. No this is something that’s different from all the other installations.  It needs to be earthquake proof, utterly earthed and non conductive.  A small insulated bunker at the base of it would be nice as well.  I reckon we should build it....see, just over there...down there where that little black spot is.”  Rienus took a piece of paper from his top pocket and unfolded it for Aaron to see.
“Looks somewhat like that minaret in Abeba; would you like it painted pretty pastel blue as well?”
“No, it needs to be black, matt black.”
“Of course it does. Look over there Rienus, looks like Abdul’s rover.  Strange, he’s not driving it.” They watched it approach and soon noticed that Abdul’s keffiyeh had been replaced by a white bandage around his head.  “Our national co-ordinator appears to be injured; can’t be too bad, he’s waving at us like royalty.”
“Haán! Hoy Haa’n! your boss comes.  Go prepare his cabin; he is injured.” yelled Aaron.  “Gotta give Abdul marks for finding the right place to come to for treatment.”
“Are you going to chopper him to Reggane?”
“I know Abdul too well; any excuse for using our facilities. He prefers Jamieson’s Irish whiskey to Morphine...there’s a few bottles under his bunk...purely for medicinal purposes don’t you know. Now, getting back to your erection, it would be nice for some details...after all, I’ve nothing on my plate at the moment.”
“Now now Aaron, no need for sarcasm.  As I see it, we have plenty of time; first we have to dig a big deep hole for the foundation; I think that should keep Abdul constructively occupied.”
Chapter Twenty Six
The friendly red-headed woman gave Rienus a smile as she stepped onto the carpeted hallway and softly closed the door of Ernie’s room. “Mornin,” she said quietly, “he’s still asleep.” She walked down the corridor, turned back and said “Breakfast will be served in about half an hour sir...it’s complimentary.”
“Oh yes, thank you very much.” He grinned and thought, looks like Ernie has had a head start already;  hope he didn’t use his American Express Card.
He knocked on the door which Ernie immediately opened. He was buttoning up his shirt, “Ah Rienus, good morning to you; looking like another wonderful day today?”
“Indeed Ernie.  I’ve already been out for an early stroll. How was your night?”
“Fantastic, and, to use one very clever person’s words, serendipitous and yummy.”
“Yes, I can still smell her perfume.” Ernie smiled a cheeky smile. “You know Ernie, in the town’s centre, there’s a monument with an old clock, it’s something of a landmark.  The dial numbers have been replaced with the letters, lest we forget; a very moving memorial to the locals who fought in the wars.  I was talking to a man there, about the history of the town.  Anyway one interesting thing he mentioned was the name of the local policeman stationed here; Constable Ben Stubbs.  Stubbs? Then I remembered where I’d seen that name before, ah yes, on the name tag of that nice looking red-head who works in this place.”
“Er, er OK Rienus; you got to know that she, that she, that I never asked...er...Oh shit.”
“Ernie, O Black Belt of security officers, you are not exactly the most handsome of men, how much did you pay?’
“She didn’t ask for any money Rienus, honest; but then again, she didn’t refuse the hundred bucks tip.”
“Let’s hope nothing becomes of this, old man.  Anyway I’m hungry; see you downstairs shortly.”
Worth every cent...even if I do get my head and ass kicked by the local lawman; anyways, damn it all, the bosses wants me to enjoy my vacation.
As if on cue, Ernie’s phone rang.  It was Edna.
Shortly after, Ernie sat down in the dining room. “Well Rienus, our little trip is going to lengthen, and widen somewhat.  I just got off the phone with Edna Kellor.  We have to come back to this town later on, and meet up with her then...yes, she’s coming here.  She wants to see about some cultural matters; beyond my skills.  She’s given me some tasks to investigate and asked me to ask you if you would help out.  She says the work in Reggane is going ahead full speed. Anyway, Mrs Kellor is quite happy for us to stay in Australia a little longer.  She’ll be flying in on the Gulfstream with Jade.  After that, we can all go back to New Hampshire together; that should ease the problems with the official documentation.”
“Aggie did tell me she has her head down, busily working on the C.A.D.”
“Er, the C.A.D?..I suppose so.  Now Rienus, there’s something I’ve kept from you, involving Miss Kellor; she has a boyfriend, well maybe a bit more than a boyfriend.  I reckon they’ll be a pair before long.  He’s a nice guy, I’ve met him...and, for what’s it worth, I approve. Are you OK mate?”
“Yes, yes of course.  I know it had to happen one day, but that took me by surprise Ernie; Aggie didn’t mention it. Tell me all about him; how did they meet?.. Aggie’s never been the one to go out looking for a romance.”
Ernie dared only to tell of things that were of common knowledge within the KR circle. “Don’t worry about his intentions Rienus.   I’ve well and truly had him checked out.  I first thought it too much of a coincidence that he worked for NASA, much the same as her father. He lives with his father in New Orleans, a retired patrolman. Oh, and he’s already visited the site at Reganne; got on well with everybody there.  Mrs Kellor doesn’t seem to have any qualms about him...even let him drive her Hummer...now that’s real acceptance.  He’s with Aggie at this very moment; I imagine he’s already been put to work, knowing her.”
“Indeed.  It will be good to see Edna again – she’s a remarkable lady; did I ever tell you about our trip to Geneva and the LHC?”
“Many times Professor.  Well, how about it, want to play detective for a while? I’ve a list of leads to chase down.”
“Lead on my good man...but never, never look down your nose at me and use words such as elementary.  But before we leave here, we need to find and speak to Mizzy’s friends.”
Ernie and Rienus walked towards the supermarket and saw four or five Aboriginal women standing just outside.  They were chatting loudly but as soon as the men approached, they became silent and stared at them as if they were creatures from another planet.  “ Excuse me ladies, we are looking for Mizzy Ooloo, would any of you know where she is?  We are here to thank her for helping this man; he was in a lot of trouble and Mizzy saved his life.” No answer, just the suspicious stares.
“Mizzy found me in the bush not far from here; I was lost and she took me to Murgon; the police locked me up there.” There was some whispering between the women, then one, then the others began to giggle. The giggling turned into loud laughter and Ernie hunched his shoulders as if to say that he could not understand the joke.
“I seen ‘im with Mizz.  I sayed git ‘im away Mizz, mad old whitey with the little dick, but she’d make ‘er mind to git ‘im back to town.  Got old Gazza to take ‘im in ‘is ute. Wat you want with Mizzy?...little dick.” The woman laughed again.
“Er, I’ve come back to thank her. I want to let her know that by her kindness, she saved my life; and if there is something I can do for her, I would like to know.  I heard she has gone on a trip somewhere?”
“Ahhh Little Dick, Mizzy often gits up and goes on walkabout; ‘ya hafta to go ups Kata Tjuta ways to find Mizzy today.  Mizzys ben called in by Gooran; ben a spearin happened with the Anangu.”
“Is Kata Tjuta far away from here?”
“Couple a days by bus to Alice, few ‘ours to Uluru from dat.”
“Alice? You mean Alice Springs?”
“Yea that. Hey Little Dick, ya wanna gimme me some moola for Gazza’s petrol for ya transportin lift?”
“But of course lady, fifty dollars OK?”
The women formed a circle and jabbered loudly.  “OK man, dat good. Not pay’n cash, not lookin good for us gettin money from strange fella; go git it to the boss in shop; he fix it.”
Rienus walked into the supermarket, to the check-out counter.  The manager was already there, wondering what was holding up his daily shoppers.  “Hello, I would like to leave some money with you for collection by a man called Gazza, do you know him?” the manager nodded. “Ok, here is fifty dollars, would you kindly pass it to him when he comes in.  And here, here is four hundred dollars; please put this towards credit for any purchases the ladies out there may want.”
He walked out the store and as he passed the group of women, he said “have a good shopping day, ladies.”
“Back to Brisbane Ernie?”
“Yep, back to the big smoke...Little Dick.”
“Hmm, should we tell Mrs Stubbs that we’ll be back in a few days with more customers?”
“Ahh, I’ll tell her...Professor Lien.”
-oOo-
“So happy to see you wearing that pendant Tante Edna” said Phoebe.
“It’s wonderful Phoebe.  I lost one of my medicine necklaces in Minnesota.  I remember falling over and it must have fallen between the floorboards.  Anyway I love wearing this one, reminds me of family and that’s always a cosy feeling. So how are you feeling now sweetie?”
“Absolutely fine, honestly.  The doctor says it was probably just a bug – all’s good now and I can get back to work.  I hate being chained to a sickbed; there’s a sky out there and I should be flying in it...well, we should be flying in it shouldn’t we Captain Jade?”
“Of course sweet-pea and we’re looking forward to the next task Aggie”
“Hmm yes, depends how you react to what I’m going to tell you.  After that, I wouldn’t blame you if you change your mind or have second thoughts.”
“Wow that serious?  Come-on Aggie, you know we thrive on danger and intrigue; out with it.”
Edna held her finger up to Aggie.  “Now Aggie, remember...tactfully.”
“OK here goes...aunt already knows about this Jade.  You remember Professor Lien was found in Australia and we got him back?” Jade and Phoebe nodded together. “Well he’s safe and healthy and happy in Reggane at this very moment. It’s still a mystery how he ended up down-under and we’re still working on that.  It’s obvious that he just didn’t hitch a ride, jump on a plane and got lost in Central Australia.  As far as we can work it out, he, and Mister Kain may have been transported; and I mean transported in the sense of Star Trek Transporters. There were some unknown processes, probably involving unique beams, rays and ultra physical frequencies, not to mention particle wave dualities.”
“Wow, Star Trek Transporters? That’s amazing Aggie. So we know have the technology to do that?  Wow, that’s a buzz; can’t hardly believe it.  Put us pilots out of a job; we have a Transporter? can we see it?  Hang on, how come you only tell us now; thought there were no secrets within KR?”
Aggie and Edna looked at each other.  Edna spoke up.  “That would be my fault Jade; we agonized over it.  At first we didn’t know if Aggie’s machine would work at all, so we didn’t want to get everyone’s hopes up too much.”
Aggie continued. “The GM2; that’s what we named the machine, worked but then blew up, vaporised.  So there’s no effective Transporter technology left...and I’ve destroyed all the schematics and hard memories.  And, I’ve no intention of trying to research it further.  I’m so sorry for not telling all this before guys.”
Jade nodded. “Fair enough, at least it worked, even if Rienus ended up somewhere else.  But Aggie that’s still a terrific achievement; and congratulations.  Your secret is safe with us, isn’t it Phoebe?” Phoebe agreed.
“To be perfectly honest Aggie, as advanced as this world is now, I don’t think we are anywhere near to wanting this technology; maybe it’s a good thing your machine broke.”
“Ah Phoebe, I couldn’t have put it better myself. Now, remember I mentioned the use of particle wave dualities and the GM2 trying to neutralize the frequencies?”
“Er, yes, suppose so.”
Aggie looked at Edna as she said, “Well the word duality means two of...”
“Hmm...and?”
“Houston we have a problem..aw aunt, I can’t put it any other way...there was a problem with Professor Lien’s dematerialization; we’ve ended up with two of them.”
“What? Ended up with two Professors?”
Both Phoebe and Jade burst into laughter.  “Ha ha ha, Ok you guys, the jokes on us; very funny.  Two of them.  Ha ha.  Ok what’s going on? Gotch Camera Show? Where’s Art Linkletter?”
There were no smiles from Aggie. Edna went to the water cooler and poured a cup for Phoebe, “Here drink this sweetie.  It’s true Jade, I spoke with Rienus Number Two who’s still in Australia.  Rienus Number One is in Reggane; I just got off the phone with him an hour ago.”
Aggie continued. “You know I’ve sent Ernie to Australia; not for a vacation, but to check out the other Professor Lien.  I asked Ernie to check DNA and do other tests; all prove that he is the original Rienus, as is the Rienus in Algeria. We kept all this from you until we knew for sure that there was no imposter or other conspiracy involved.”
“So what happens now?...two Professors?..do they know?”
“No, not yet Jade.  There’s more things that may complicate the situation; we thought it may be prudent not to upset the Professor, er Professors, just yet.  We’d like to know more about the circumstances leading to his...his duplication.”
“So Ernie knows?  does Alex?”
“Yes he does, he was here when the other...er, Professor Lien Number Two, contacted us from a psychiatric facility in Brisbane. There’s no one else who knows.”
“Holy shitbuckets; what happens now?”
Edna lifted her hand in the air. “This, Spreading Soaring Eagle, is where I come in.  Let’s talk about things; you know, things that may complicate the situation. My story starts with a powerful talisman, a bone, a pointing bone..”
Chapter Twenty Seven
“Is that really you Oskar? You know, you do look a bit like Chuck Berry; you don’t scrub up too bad at all. That beauty treatment was worth the money; and smell, hmm nice;  you smell like Alpha Male on the Prowl.”
“Dat dare be ‘nuff ya bullshit Arch.  Lookin these clothes, clean ‘n all.  Took me ‘wile ta git used to socks...’n lookn at me shoes Me toes be wandering why me sandles not on. Lookin this belt, silver buckle ‘n all. Arch, damn ifn day shine like ol Davvy’s bald noggin. Dat dare be a fine suit ya wearin ‘n all cobber.”
 “Now let’s have a last minute check.  We’ve got all the paperwork done, clearances from the State House, passports, everything’s locked, police patrol notified, the taxi’s booked, we have the permits for the airport private charter access.  Did you remember to bring those letters from Australia with you?”
“Ya, only git a couple.  Shit Arch, I’m a gittin da jits about dis trek.”
“Hey this is a big deal Oskar; and your first plane trip will be in the luxury of a Gulfstream Jet..la de da.  Must admit I’m getting a bit nervous meeting with Mrs Edna Kellor.”
“’n me ‘n all Arch; she’s powerful medicine; makes me feel liken a ‘ittle flea.  Ah still ‘aving troubles wonderin why she’s ‘avin interest in me all.”
“One for the road Oskar?” asked Archie as he held up a bottle of Revenge.”
“Ner ain’t ever reckon Ah’d sayed dis man...No thank you very much old chap; tryin to git sober. Damn hell Arch, ‘erin comes the cab, Ah gotta go piss.”
Alex was waiting for them at the security gate of the general aviation parking area.  He saw the taxi arrive and waved at the two passengers.  “Hi guys, got to get out here and walk the rest of the way to that building over there.  I’ll fix the driver.”
“Alex, this is wonderful.  You’re coming with us after all?”
 “No afraid not dad; my boss gave me a few hours off to make sure you get on your way without trouble...and to introduce you both to Edna; she’s waiting for us. I’m needed back in Lebanon. Wow Unc, you look great, you remind me of...er, a movie star...a gentleman.”
“Ya’al still not big ‘nuff so’s Ah can’t put ya over my lap for a spanking ya cheeky pup.”
“Dad, I want you to take this money with you; it’s a gift from me; no no, hear me out. There’s no way in this world that I can make up for everything you’ve done for me. So please don’t accept this as a payback or compensation; I wouldn’t dare insult you by doing that. Please spend this money with the thought that it gives me pleasure. Please buy an ice cream whenever you want to.”
“And Unc, I’ve an envelope for you as well; same conditions apply, OK?”
“You know son, I’ve been thinking.  This is the first vacation I’ve had in my life, I feel like a little kid going on an adventure.  That’s a fine looking necklace Alex, from your Aggie’s tribe?”
“Yes dad. The Chief gave it to me personally. I had to go ask him for blessings for Aggie’s hand. It’s all OK, but I have to go back to him with Aggie and go through some sort of ritual, I don’t know; may have to dance or something; I’ll tell you all about later. Oh that reminds me, this is for you as well; it’s a safe travel charm; just keep it in your pocket, can’t do any harm.”
Archie looked at the little string of coloured stones and placed them in his jacket top pocket.
“’n ‘ow bout me Lexie?”
“From what I’ve heard unc, you’re already protected by some sort of spiritual spell; you don’t need any charms for your safety; but Edna will tell you all about that. Oh and another thing guys...if you need to pee during the flight, sit down on the john to do it, you know, like a female.  I wouldn’t advise alcohol; gives you headaches and don’t panic if you feel your ears pop. That’s your plane over there gentlemen, nice ain’t it?  Oh by the way, your pilots are also Kellors...Aggie’s cousin and his wife...Jade and Phoebe Kellor.”
Archie could only whisper quietly, holy shit.
Edna and Phoebe were in the small terminal drinking coffee as Alex entered.  Behind him, looking a little nervous and apprehensive were Archie and Oskar, each sheepishly pulling their trolley suitcases behind them.  Shit, I’ve faced guns, crazy men and alligators; this should be easy; so why in hell are my knees knocking. I’ve got to give out a good impression; for Alex’s sake. 
“Dad, this is Edna, Edna please meet my dad Archie.” Archie smiled and held out his hand warmly, but Edna would have none of that. 
 She stepped up to him and gave him a long, hard hug.  “We meet at last Archie, I was so looking forward to this moment.  And this must be Oskar?” Oskar froze in an attempt to bow his head.  Without hesitation, Edna reached out and embraced him in like manner. “And delighted to meet you as well Oskar.  We have so much to talk about.”
Edna felt and knew instantly that Oskar had certain powers beyond her knowledge; as she had suspected.
Similarly, Oskar felt some powerful sensations radiating from that woman. “Pleased ‘n all missus; nice day t’day ain’t it.”
“Yes it sure is Oskar; please, you must call me Edna.  Now this beautiful young lady is Phoebe, my niece. Phoebe please say hello to Oskar and Archie.”
“Happy to know you” she said as she shook their hands, “would you care for some drinks gentlemen, coffee or something harder?”
“Coffee would be wonderful Phoebe, thank you.  Alex mentioned that you are our pilot.”
“Yes, alongside Jade who thinks he is the First Officer, but I let him think that, it keeps his moral up.  Have either of you been to Australia before?”
“Nots dat Ah kin ‘member lass...was born in Australia but ended up in USA; long story; caint says Ah ‘member been comin ‘ere. Sorry, Ah ‘dint mean ta prate so much. Arch, ya’ll been away far?”
“Only interstate, nothing like this Phoebe.  We saw your aeroplane outside; it looks like it’s going fast just parked there.”
“Jade will be along shortly, he has to see to the refuelling and lodge our flight plan.  After take-off, our first stop will be Honolulu, then Auckland then Brisbane.  It’s a long way but we have television and movies, even a billiard table; it’s electronic of course but very realistic. If you get tired, we have couches and beds for snoozing. Now is there anything in the way of food that we need to know about? Any dietary restrictions or allergies?”
“Nuttin comes ta mind ah...Phoebe.  Ain’t never bin on a plane before; heed some folk git sick, airsick; don’t rightly know ifn how Ah’l go on the ride.”
“Believe me, you’ll get to love it.  If you like, you can come sit with us up front after take-off and see how everything works, OK?”
“No second thoughts dad? Onwards and upwards?”
“Well I guess it won’t be like you going into outer space Alex, but no, I’m committed; just tell my nerves that.”
There was more small talk as they sipped their coffee.  Phoebe looked at her watch and said, “I’ve got to go now and do the pre-flight checklist and warm up, see you all shortly.”
Oskar leaned over to whisper into Edna’s ear, “Ah, dat girl Phoebe...’ope nuttin bad ‘appens up dare dat may upset the youngin in ‘er.”
Edna looked at him.  He had just confirmed what Dwarg had already stated. “Oskar, have you ever heard of Whisps?”
“No cain’t say Ah’d heed a dat.”
“Phoebe doesn’t know she’s pregnant yet.  We’ll have to keep that secret – OK?”
“Sure ‘nough ma’am, sorry, Edna. But you’all know already? Ya sure be’an strong medicine lady.”
“We really have much to talk about Oskar; this flight may not be long enough.”  Alex was pleased to see that there was rapport between them; just look at them, already nattering like neighbours over a fence.
Jade came into the building and smiled to see that his passengers had arrived.  Alex introduced them and Jade greeted them warmly.  “Good news everybody, we are already cleared and can skedaddle within 25 minutes, so finish those drinks and let’s went.  Alex, try and keep Aggie away from duplicating machines and see you later man.  Interesting times ahead, I’m sure.”
“And then some.  Ok dad; have a great time, splurge, go ape, get into some trouble, come back with amazing stories.  Unc, this must be hard for you and I’m so proud to see you facing your past. You’re in good hands with Edna, don’t be afraid to lean on her, she’s an expert in getting people out of the shit.”
“’n cars outta da snow, Ah ‘ears Lexie.”  Archie looked skywards and whistled innocently.
“Hmm, yes, thanks a lot dad.”
An official from the terminal checked all passports and authorised entry onto the tarmac.  Jade said, “Leave those bags here gentlemen, we have a handler to load them; rules and regulations you know.  On board we have an assistant who will help you settle in and show you the ropes; so up, up and away we go.”
Alex watched them walk away.  Shit, I feel like those guys are my little boys going off to summer camp. “Bye!” he yelled out. They turned and both gave him the NASA thumbs up, then walked up the air-ladder. Alex watched the jet taxi away, then he turned around and slowly walked toward the main terminal of New Orleans’s Louis Armstrong Airport..he also had a plane to board.
O Silver Bird glide quick and straight,
 through currents o’ the sky;
 find me my beloved squaw,
whence both of us may fly.
Hey good one Slig...thanks.
-oOo-
Rienus loved hopping on and off the fast City Cats traversing the Brisbane River, discovering something new at each stop. Ernie doesn’t know what he’s missing; look at that skyline; and the river boardwalk, it goes for miles. That looks like a great place for lunch, a floating restaurant no less, and the cat’s pier is close as well. Seafood platter special, yes that’s for me.
Ernie was back at the hotel, making many telephone calls to his contacts.  Edna’s list called for some unusual questions to be asked.  He had already contacted the Premier Private Investigation Agency for information concerning the life and times of James Robinson, missionary, circa mid 1950s and pressed the urgency for the data.
He was waiting for a response from the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders Affairs Department as to further information regarding Oskar Bruin.  Their liaison officer had been helpful and given him a contact in Alice Springs and Ernie had finally managed to contact her. He explained what he could about Oskar’s past, how Oskar had been notified of his heritage and that he was returning to Australia at the invitation of the Australian Government. Unfortunately, the official could not, or would not provide any information without the usual dozens of letters of authority, Statutory Declarations and other documents. “Well can you at least tell me which tribes, families or communities were in the Alice Springs area around 1955?”
“Sir, that information is available on the internet and we also have some fact and data sheets on our website. May I help you with anything else?”
He hung up and rang Les Hodges, his one time student who luckily was still at Pine Gap. Les was able to give Ernie some information about the man who brought Rienus to the base. “Chap by the name of Charlie Chaplain, yes I’m serious Ernie.  I know; if I was given that handle I’d change it quick-smart too.  Shit, he must cop hell every time he says his name. Anyway, as you know we check everybody, well he’s OK and of no interest. I did interview him at the time...but since then...just let me read this...it’s from the Federal Police; his real name was Charles Charlie and his family became scattered far and wide in the late fifties, with most moving to Queensland; to the Wide Bay Area. Wide Bay? That’s an area encompassing many small towns, Imbil, Cherbourg, Murgon and others.”
“So that would include Goomeri?”
“Yes, certainly would.”
“Les, may I ask a favour? I need more information and I don’t particularly feel like flying out there digging all of it up.”
“Pushing the friendship mate; go ahead.”
“I  need to know all about a woman named Mizzy Ooloo?  I believe out of Goomeri.  And can you give me the lowdown about a spearing in Kata Tjuta recently? That’s some place out your way I think.”
“On to it now mate; I’ve heard the name Mizzy before.  She’s an important national cultural figure. Anyway; I’ve a good contact with ATSIA; my wife Kathy. How’s that old professor...Lien? Bet he’s happy to be back in the good old US of A.”
“Er yes, he’s one happy chappie, Les, I may have already spoken with Kathy; she gave me the typical bureaucratic response, no offence, sorry..and congratulations; didn’t know you tied the knot; any kids yet?”
“First one due in six weeks Ernie. I’ll talk with her.  Get back to you shortly partner.”
-oOo-
His phone ran hot with calls as the information came to Ernie.  The detective agency in Brisbane was particularly quick with data gathered about James Robinson. “Mister Tonges,” oh what a delightful Australian accent this girl has, “our initial enquiries reveal that James Robinson, aka Neville Robertson, aka Frederick Miles Griddle.  Born Sacramento USA, 2 April 1883. Arrived Australia 30 June 1946 with United Apostolic and Missionaries’ Commission.  He was asked to leave that service due to circumstances of incompatibility. He was then given permission by the Northern Territory Department of Communities to erect a small church at a spot within the Kata Tjuta National Reserve. His rap-sheet, as far as we know, shows arrests in Alice Springs, Tenant Creek, Mount Isa and Clermont for inappropriate conduct involving juveniles, assault, abduction and suspected paedophilia; no convictions recorded.  Departed Australia under the name Fred Griddle 13 July 1951.  Australian Immigration records are endorsed Persona Non Gratis.  What a fucking arsehole...oh, sorry Mister Tonges.”
“I totally agree. Anything about his being a painter or artist?”
“No sir.  If you wish we can broaden our enquiries to the USA through our contacts in LA.”
“No that’s OK, I’ve my own sources over there. Please keep digging into his past in Australia. You’ve done well, thank you.”
So...you’re a grotty child molester Robinson...a pox on you, whoever you are.  He picked up the phone and rang his deputy.  “First off Harry, please explain...Mrs Kellor and Minnesota, the funeral in Canada? Where was the security?” He listened as the report came through. “You were there at...Cottonwood? It cost how much for the private charter? How much for RV to Canada?  Shit Harry, my budget just got a big kick in the guts; OK carry on the good work.  Now, I need you to dig up the world of one James Robinson, aka Neville Robertson, aka Frederick Miles Griddle.  Born Sacramento USA, 2 April 1883; sent to Australia as a missionary...a damn rock spider. Re-entered the US in July 1951 and found his way to Cottonwood Minnesota; yes the same place Mrs Kellor just purchased. Seems he stayed with a family named Bruin.  I want to know why. Now Harry, I have strict instructions from Mrs Kellor not to approach the surviving daughter, Erin Cleaver nee Bruin, or her husband, but I’d like to know more about the parents...no not another charter plane, use a local detective, no better still, contract out of Saint Paul and Harry, it’s urgent.”
A few hours later, Ernie was still surfing through the National Archives of Australia website.  He found nothing of significance, no matches to his keywords or various family names. 
His phone rang; it was Les from Pine Gap. “Quick report old man. Mizzy Ooloo; as I said, she’s a national treasure; heroine of many nations; a trouble shooter, a fixer, a leveller, a closer, there’s a special word for her but I can’t pronounce it. I believe she is the first and only female Shaman. She gets called in when things go askew and things did down in Kata Tjuta the other day. You were right Ernie; there was a spearing, but this one was very different..the victim’s body disappeared after it was stabbed, er speared...there were witnesses to that.  Now I’ll try my best to pass this on, remember we’re not dealing with contemporary ideology; and this is second hand:
A group of men of the Arrente were at a Bora; this Bora was on the site, believe it or not, of the burnt out ashes of a church; yea go figure. During the ceremony, a body fell into the Bora ring.  The men were afraid and called for Gooran the healer to see what was happening.  Apparently, the body was of a woman dressed in man’s clothing; she was neither black or white, and held a sacred charm of a medicine man.  She opened her eyes then yelled to them about a white man; she showed no fear and Gooran determined that this was a spirit, probably an evil spirit which could change shape.
The woman then shouted a word;  don’t know, a sacred word I supposed, or even an evil curse word and one of the men went to stab her through the heart.  Just then, that body changed shape; to one of an old man who had feathers growing on him. He was neither black or white as well. The spear went into the chest of the new body which then disappeared in front of their eyes; they had killed a spirit, not knowing if it was good or evil.
The men, including Gooran were then rooted to the spot, frozen with apprehension and fear.  Don’t ask me how this worked, but Mizzy is called for, from Queensland, to come over and sort out the dilemma...which apparently, she’s already managed to do...Shit Ernie, Hollywood would love all that stuff.”
“I take it that Mizzy has gone back to Goomeri then?”
“As far as we know. Now, one Oskar Bruin...yes, he is of interest.  Not one of the stolen generation as thought, just plain stolen, but still listed and registered in that category.  Whereabouts unknown until recently;  turns up in New Orleans.  The government has made contact with him, but I can’t say any more on that matter;  there are limitations as you know Ernie.  By the way that’s not his real name, it’s Coran Banbah. Sorry can’t tell you any more about him.”
“Les, I know I’m pushing the boundary, but on 13th July 1951, a certain disgraced cleric by the name of Fred Griddle was asked to leave Australia to return to the USA.  His D.O.B was 4.2.1883 Sacramento. He also went by the names of James Robinson and Neville Robertson; a damned paedophile.  He ministered around Alice Springs, got booted from the congregation then built a...a church...hmm.”
“A church in Kata Tjut?.. since burnt down?  now a Bora ring within a Bora Ground? you’re onto something I think, mate.  Let me get back to you Ernie, I know Kathy will drop everything to delve into this.”
 “Les, I believe this Robinson character may have kidnapped and smuggled a baby, a baby boy into America with him. It’s falling into place.”
 “Gotcha, July 1951 you say...I’m on it.”
Ernie looked at his notes again. Sort of a trail here, but it’s still offset with these indigenous twists and turns.  Killing a spirit is hardly inscribed within the Criminal Code, even in this country; and placing curses and such, whew, way out of my league.  Be happy when I get to talk with Mizzy Ooloo; that should tidy things up.
Rienus walked in.  “Hi Ernie, still hard at it old boy? What of your vacation? Come on man, I’ve reserved a table at that pizza place on the ground floor plaza.”
“Couldn’t think of a better place to be Rienus, you smooth talker. A nice drop with that Meat Supremo with anchovies, would go well.”
“Hmm, a nice full-bodied red?”
“Professor; pull your head in.”
Rienus laughed and said, “You’re a good sport Ernie.”
Ernie smiled. Hmm, so was she.
Chapter Twenty Eight
“You can move around the cabin Oskar, you won’t tip the plane over. Come sit near the window and tell me what you see.”
“Edna, Ah’d admit Ah nearly shit me pants when we left da land. Got pushed back ‘n back ‘n I looksee out dat window and says to me all, ‘Oskar, no way you’all can jump to ground from dis far up witout me legs dispering up me ass’..ooh sorry for sayen dat rude words to ya Edna.”
“Please use any words you like Oskar, I’d be offended if you pretended to be someone else, anyway I know when someone is trying to bullshit me. Ahh, look over there, that’s the coast line, we should be over the ocean in a minute.  Press this button, see, there’s a map of the world.  That X is where we are, and after a while you can see it move slowly as we go along.  Brisbane is way over there. How are you faring Archie? some coffee? Soda? Snacks?”
“This is wonderful Edna, so...so luxurious.  It’s so quiet in here. Wonderful er, no thanks.”
“Hey Archie, like to come up front here for a looksee?”
“Sure, if it’s alright.” Archie made his way to the cockpit, “wow, looks like an Aladdin’s cave in here; how do you keep track of all these dials and buttons?”
“Sit here and I’ll give you a run-down; it’s not really as complicated as it looks, a lot of this is for show. Is Oskar OK back there? he still looks a bit nervous.”
“He’ll be fine Jade, it’s a hell of a thing for him; he’s not used to technology, let alone flying.  I had to tell him it was alright to tread on the floor normally, he was afraid that if he stepped too hard, he might fall through the floor.  He’s a bit worried that we haven’t got parachutes; oh and we’re now over the ocean and he can’t swim.”
“I’ll get him up here after a few hours inflight; should give him a buzz, got the airsick bags here; just in case. So Archie, we are going to be related shortly; my cousin’s father in law.  I take it you know about our heritage? Aunt Edna, Aggie, Phoebe and I do take it seriously, but there’s no problem if it’s against your beliefs.  Horses for courses and all that.”
Phoebe turned to Archie and said, “Before we got serious, I knew Jade had close ties to the Abenaki tribe. I was rather ignorant of tribal culture and customs and after a time, he took me up there to Canada and I fell in love with everything First Nation.  We were married in the traditional way; had heaps of problems with my parents of course; but I’ve never regretted embracing the way of the ancient ones.  I’m still a Catholic girl, just happen to be a Native American Catholic girl, no conflict, no problems.”
“I think it would be an honour and I’d certainly like to learn more and believe me, I have an open mind. A while back, just after Alex came back from the space station, he was in the most depressed state I had ever seen – I was so worried about him.  Then by some miracle – fate or destiny if you like, he hopped into his car and drove from New Orleans direct to Vermont.  He had never been there before; and then straight to Aggie.  I don’t know what supernatural processes were involved in that, but there you go, they seem to be a perfect match and deeply in love.  Alex is now the happiest man I’ve seen, so who am I to question spiritual or mystical occurrences, let alone cultural and ethnic beliefs. Besides, if you get to know old Oskar better, one can’t but help accepting the fact that not everything is as we were taught at home and at school.”
“He does seem a character Archie, and Edna is obsessed with his life story.  She’s a very well known Shaman and what she doesn’t know about herbs, plants and trees, isn’t worth knowing.  The local doctor is always pissed off when his patients head to Edna for some of her cups of tea with creams. Now, has Alex told you about the reason for Edna’s trip to Australia?”
“Well kind of; all too confusing for me I must admit. Seems, like I was saying before, there are some powerful processes in play, this time to do with Oskar; in that he needs to return to Australia. That poor soul has had a miserable life and deserved better; I can only hope that something lies ahead that may give a measure of balance? zen?..no, make that karma.”
Edna got up from the couch and went and sat down next to Oskar; he was grasping his seat-belt and his knuckles were white from the pressure of holding it so tight.  “How are you feeling now Oskar? you still look a little worried; I’ve got some weed here if you like.  No, no, not that kind of weed, that would be against the law wouldn’t it;  no, I’ve got my own weed, better than that other stuff, it’s organic and legal and after you drink it, it will relax your brain...or I have some Jack Daniels.”
“Reckon Ah’ll try ya ‘ome brew tanks Edna;  me guts keeps a comin up a looksee out window ‘n all.”
She walked across the cabin, opened the door of the small refrigerator behind the bar counter and took out a polystyrene cup.  She removed the plastic lid and passed the brew to Oskar.  “I’ve heard you are a master of the herbs and potions.  Alex told me about your talents and I’m really interested to know more; where did you get your knowledge about using herbs and nature to heal?”
He glugged the brew down, smacked his lips and said “Arrr, ugly ‘n damn right awful...must be good.  Ya got some a dat dar Valerian in dis ‘n all.  Cain’t find dat stuff down South no more.”
“I’m very impressed Oskar; you’re right of course, its Valeriana dioica and it only grows in the North of the country; First Nation people still use it; supposed to be a well kept secret. How did you learn about this?”
“Since Ah be six years old; Ah run away from home, up North, Minnesota ways.  Ben on me own mostly, ever since dat.  Lived offa da land, da forests ‘n swamps ‘n woods.  Ah’s lucky Ah guess, seemed jist a natural for me ta reach out ‘n jist pick out da weed or da root or da bark or da mud and use dem foren wat Ah’s needin.
Learnt to fix’n sick ‘n injured critters; dat was good, ‘cause Ah coulda git payed wit grub ‘n money sometimes.  Da more Ah used da plants ‘n stuff, da more I learnt.  One day, da lady in a Goodwill market give me a book. Dat dare book ‘ad ‘undreds of pitchers of plants ‘n ‘erbs; so Ah studied the photos ‘n remembered em. Ah ‘ad dat book for a long time. Caint don’t read the words but later, young Lexie come ‘n teached me. ‘e took me to da libbery; dem place got so much books ‘bout fixen people ‘n critters, reckon Ah spent some times ‘a in dem.  Ah also reed up ‘bout Indian medicine, but only ‘bout curin ‘n healin. Dat dar spirit ‘n stuff is too scary for me’all.  Anyways, nature been good ‘n all; but got locked up too ‘n all.  Mostly in Louisiana; damn Voodoo bullshit; dem people drinkin and sniffin stuff sends em crazy.  Den day complain about me’all fixin dar victims. Yet ta see me first zombie. Ah maybe seen a couple of ‘em down behind da Giche Saloon, but dem weren’t zombies- jist piss ‘eads pissed outa dem skulls. Shit Enda, dat be darn good stuff ya made.  Ah’s got a sore tongue jist by ‘a jawing so long; but Ah feel heaps better.”
“Aunt Edna, I have Ernie on the phone, patching you through.”
Edna listened intently, trying not to look at Oskar as his name was mentioned a number of times.  Ernie relayed all the information he had gather thus far.  “I’m still waiting for some of the more finer details Mrs Kellor.  That hotel in Goomeri;  I’ve booked the entire place for our accommodation; I presume we will be will staying there for a while.  The manager says that Mizzy Ooloo has returned to the camp there. Now do you wish us to meet you in Brisbane or shall we go directly to Goomeri and make contact with her now.”
“Go straight there Ernie, we’ll organise our own transport when we land.  I just want to make sure that there won’t be any unforseen hiccups.  If you get more information before we see you, call me again will you?”
“Of course Mrs Kellor...er, may I offer a guess as to Mizzy?...I reckon she’s related to your Oskar, a sister perhaps?”
“It would make so much sense Ernie.  Just wish we had an answer to poor old Rienus Lien’s situation. Bye now.”
“Oskar let me tell you a story; it’s about me; its about you.” She raised her hand so that Jade could see it. It was her signal that she wanted no interruptions. “But first I would like you to tell me a few things, OK if you don’t want to, but it’s really, really important..for you.”
“Ah ain’t git nuttin to ‘íde Edna – anyways ah know you’all will reach inta my ‘art ‘n rip out the information.” He smiled as said it.
“Why did you run away from Cottonwood?”
Oskar’s smile quickly disappeared and he felt a quiver through his spine.  He looked at her...she’s a powernful medicine woman.
He lowered his eyes and placed his palms together between his knees. “Ah done run away ‘cause a man used me for ‘is sex.  Ah tried to kill him.  Ma and Pa did nuttin ‘cept, lock me up; Ah run away.  None knows ‘cept Archie.”
“I was also raped as a young girl Oskar; by a priest.  I never told anyone before;  you are the first. I know it wasn’t my fault yet I’m embarrassed by it..guess that’s why I also have a problem with religions.”
“Well dat guy was a preacher or reverend or something, don’t feelin comfortable jawin ‘bout it Edna.”
“Let’s not mention anything about that again.  Did you know at the time that you had been an adopted child?”
“No, found it later, much later. Ah ‘erd da folks died away; didn’t feel remorse; old pa died not long ways back. Then the Aussies found me; dats da time I knew I didn’t belong to ‘em; don’t feel no connection anyways. I’m an Aboriginal don’t you know.”
“Indeed I do Oskar.  Now, that Pointing Bone, the one you got from Australia, would you believe that it was meant for me?  It found its way to me in order to bring you back to Australia. I know it’s a bit weird, a Shaman getting directions from an Ngangkari, but it looks very much that it’s the case. OK Oskar are you ready to hear some wonderful and amazing things?”
“Ya kinda sounds like ‘n a barker outside the Cat’s Meow Karaoke Bar on Bourbon Street..sorry, Ah’s ready.”
“Your adoptive pa, his name was Walter Bruin, yes?”
“Yes ma’am, sure was.”
“Would you believe me if I said that on the day that you ran away from home, Walter Bruin chased and hacked to death a person by the name of James Robinson.”
“Wat? my pa upped ‘n killed someone? Cain’t be, ‘es a God fearin man; ‘ard to believing dat Edna.”
“James Robinson also used the name Fred Griddle.”
“Griddle – dat was da name a dat son ‘a bitch who...who...and my pappy done ‘em in ‘n all?”
“I really don’t think your parents, your adoptive parents, knew what was happening between you and that...that person. When they realized, well...that’s what happened.  The body was dumped in Cottonwood Lake, just down from the old Indian Burial Grounds.  Never found to this day. The spirits resent his presence.”  ‘Ow in ‘ell she knowin ‘bout dem graves? But Oskar knew better than question her information – she’s a powernful medicine woman, ya sir she be.
“Er Edna, maybe a little a dat dar Jack Daniels?  Shit, all dem years, Ah’d believin day ain’t never cared ‘bout Oskar. Kinda feels good ta know dat now, but all too late now ‘n all. Phew. Ah used ta go to Indian graves regular, found peace; ‘eard voices there, calm ‘n soft; neer ‘eard the words but.”
“I also have some information about your biological parents...your real parents, and how come you ended up in the USA.  Ready when you are.”
“Maybe Ah should ask ifn Archie may be ‘earin dis stuff; Ah kinda shakin a bit ‘ere Edna.”
“And I don’t blame you, you dear man.  I know Archie is your good friend, but I’d rather tell this to you and you alone.  That way, anything I say, you can pass on to Archie if you wish, but it should come from your lips Oskar. If you like we can talk about this later.”
“My pappy, killin this Griddle; ya sayed he used a tomahawk?”
“Well it was something like a long and wide blade with a wooden handle; a broad ax maybe?”
“Or ‘n a machete I betcha; same damn machete Ah’d chased ‘im with.”  Edna nodded.
“That would be more accurate Oskar.”
“Ah’s like ta know ‘ow come ya yonself is a getting mixed in alla dis ‘bout me; ya sayin your’all under some orders from a Ngangkari?”
“So far that’s what it looks like; I don’t mind, I’m learning more and more about the paranormal spiritual world...and I do have a personal interest in seeing this through, because it involves some of my family as well.
“OK, go on missus – Ah feelin like expectin some dude will come up ‘n yell “dis’n be you’all life, Oskar Bruin”.”
“Hmm, or...this is your life, Coran Banbah!”
“Wat ya say woman? cuminbanbra?”
“Coran Banbah – that be...that is, your birth name, your real name – it sounds beautiful, like a bird’s call don’t you think?”
“Coran Banbah, Coran Banbah, sounds nuttin like Oskar.  Coran?  Coran? ain’t never heed dat name once. Ah’ll stay with Oskar ifn ya please.”
“That’s strictly up to you Coran, oh I mean Oskar – sorry.  Still it’s a nice name.  I myself have another name, a tribal name, it’s Nidoupso Managuen Skog, so what are you complaining about man?” Edna did not tell him that she had been given a new tribal name after the death of Chief Atian.  This was a requirement for elevation to the Nations’ Shaman.  It translated to Cousin of the Rainbow Snake.
“Still ‘n all, good dat Arch didn’t ‘ear ‘bout dis now.”
 Oskar raised his hands and said, “dis be more scarin dan lookin out at the ocean down dar. Any’ows Edna...my real folks?”
“Another call from Ernie, Aunt Edna.”
“Excuse me Oskar,” Edna said as picked up the telephone and listened. After she put the phone down, she took a deep breath and turned to Oskar.
“Just got some more information about Frederick Miles Griddle – not a nice person.  Had arrest warrants in just about every state, never got picked up or charged, a rapist, forger, conman and gambler owing huge debts.  There are still questions about his activities, not only in Australia, but in the UK as well. Disappeared in Cottonwood Minnesota, missing persons report lodged by one Walter Bruin.  Oskar, this was the asshole who stole you away from your mother I think, and sold you to the young Bruins, then came back later to live with them.”
“Ifn Ah coulda, Ah’d put a curse on ‘is damn soul forever ‘n den some.”
“Now that’s exactly what your mother did Oskar.  I believe her name to be Maroochy.”
“Maroochy...now dat’s a name Ah liken, Maroochy, Maroochy er, Maroochy Banbah?”
“Not too sure about surnames.  People often changed names as they moved around.  From the information I’ve got, you were born in the area of Central Australia, near Alice Springs and abducted from there. Then your mother..Maroochy, moved to South East Queensland.  Now that curse on Robinson, er Griddle, didn’t just disappear on his err, passing away. It stayed in the homestead with nowhere to go...just waiting.  Then when your pappy Walter Bruin died, something happened that set things into motion.  Firstly; besides the pointing bone, a painting came my way; and we’ll talk about it later. Anyway, I had to put an end to that curse and I think I did.  Griddle’s spirit will never be at rest; it’s hunted by all of the Burringling in the Dreaming, even the good ones.”
“’an ‘bout my father, the Australian one?”
 “Nothing yet Oskar.  He must have been fair of skin, but not a white man.  I think he was also a Ngangkari, but so far we haven’t been able to get any information on him.  Now, I also think you have a sister, a younger sister;  and this is where it all gets very exciting.”
“Ah reckon ya gonna tell it dat my sister gone ‘n sent da pointing bone.”
“She lives in Goomeri Oskar.”
“’ow she knowed werin Ah was?”
“Before I tell you that, I must tell you that your sister, her name is Mizzy Ooloo, is a powerful Shaman; and I am in awe of her powers. When the Australian Government issued a list of the stolen generation of that period, your name came up.  You see, she has never stopped looking for you;  probably a promise to your mother.  Anyway your name was matched with some data base held at the State Capitol in New Orleans. Seems Pappa Bruin had lodged a missing persons report on you back then. Finally some computer popped out you name when Walter Bruin died.  So she sent you the pointing bone to make sure you came back.”
“Well Ah’m sure a letter explainin dis would saved a bunch of ‘eadscratchin, don’t yar rekon Edna?”
“Perhaps, but give me an honest answer to this question;  if you got a letter from your supposed sister in Australia, would you go over there to see her?”
“Umm, don’t rightly know dat answer, na, too set in my ways.  No Ah don’t tink Ah’d a goed.”
“And she would have known that; but hey, see what’s happened because of that pointig bone Oskar?  Here you are off to Australia, in an executive jet, sipping Jack Daniels.  Bit of a coincidence hey what?”
“’n my little sister Mizzy done ‘n got you’all to do all a dis for me, jist by sendin a bone via da post; sure must be powernful ‘n all.”
“Just as much as are you Oskar; only you don’t know how much.  You possess the qualities of a great healer and spiritual guide.  I think you and your sister are blessed with powerful and strong auras. Just think, in a matter of hours, you will get to meet her.”
“Shit Edna, ‘ere Ah go agin, shakin like a mongrel wit ticks. Tell me more, lest Ah gits caught unawares when Ah see my sis.”
“Your mother Maroochy passed away in 1957.  She’s buried just outside Goomeri.  Now remember that curse she put on Griddle?  Well that curse, like I’ve said before, remained dormant for a long time in your old place in Cottonwood.  For such a powerful curse, your mother had to give something of herself;  the more potent the curse, the more she had to give.  She gave what must be the most strongest and important thing in her being, She paid for that spell with her eternal spirit.”
“So my mother is dead, but has no spirit, no soul no...no nothing?  Dis news ‘urts me ears Edna.”
“I am so sorry that your mother is dead Oskar...but I think because the curse is over, there may be a way to release her from the..I don’t know what the word is...enchantment?  This is something I must discuss with Mizzy.  So let’s talk about something else Oskar, tell me as a boy, why you headed to New Orleans and not some other exciting town like Las Vegas or New York?”
Archie kept turning around to see how Oskar was handling the trip.  He had seen him laugh, cry, smile and sad.  Guess he’ll tell me if there’s anything of interest.
Chapter Twenty Nine
Mizzy had been standing on the grassed area just beyond the third parking bay for General Aviation at Brisbane Airport.  With her was an official from the Department of Immigration, a Customs Inspector, a representative from the ATSIA and a traditional dancer.  She had wanted to have a very low key welcome back ceremony and hounded the airport officials for the need for confidentially.  She looked around to see an ever increasing crowd of people gathering around the entrance gates.  Some TV cameras had been set up on tripods and other photographers were perched upon the most precarious of places. Well at least they’re keeping their distance, she thought. Those two Yanks are still back in Goomeri waiting to talk to me – tough, they’ll just have to wait.  This’s more important...my long lost brother’s coming home.
That morning; it was well before sunrise, she had had a dream.  She raced over to wake old Gazza “I need to get to the airport Gazz..right now.” Gazza never agued, he simply hummed Whip, crack, away! ensuring Mizzy never heard the words.
She saw the plane land and taxi towards her, then it turned and taxied away, away to the gates where all the spectators and news-people were gathered. “What’s going on here?” she asked no one in particular.
The Customs official listened into his walkie-talkie then said, “that’s not the one we’re looking for madam.  That plane’s carrying Lady GaGa, that’s why all the fuss and attention.”  No sooner had he said that, then Jade had the Gulfstream taxiing toward them.  “This is the flight from New Orleans, via Honolulu and Auckland.  We can’t release the passengers until we have our inspection – won’t be long lady; I know this is important to you.”
Oskar was the first to appear on the airsteps.  He stood there, almost regal, raised his arms and turned to his left, right, behind and faced forward again.  He sniffed the air; it didn’t matter if it was filled with avgas or diesel or the smell of the hot bitumen tarmac, it was the air of his land.  Guided by Edna, he was now more confident, and ready to chop that path in front of him.  It would be his path to clear and he was the owner of his destiny.  He looked down to see a Koori dancer who was chanting and waving a branch from a eucalyptus tree.  Next to him was a woman with her hand over her mouth.
“Mizzy!” he yelled and sprang down the steps towards her.  She was smaller than he had imagined and had her spinning around in his hug.  “Long time, no see sister.” Peering though the portals of the plane was Jade, Phoebe, Archie and Edna, and of course the assistant, Kendall who was now on the phone to Ernie.
“Coran you look just like that rock star err...Sweet Little Sixteen...ah yes Chuck Berry, only you look much younger...and more handsome.  People will look at us and not believe you are my older brother.  See, these tears, they are of joy, they are rare. No don’t let go of me; I’ve waited so long for this moment; I’ve dreamed of it many times, but now, now it’s not a dream; just let me savour this some more please.”
“Now Mizzy, dis be Edna, she he da hero in all dis.”
Mizzy smiled warmly and put her hand on Edna’s left breast and gently squeezed it.  She then flung her arms around Edna which took her somewhat by surprise. “Say nothing” Mizzy whispered. She nuzzled Edna’s cheek with hers and Edna could hear, not hear like words through one’s ear, but words that came directly into her mind.  This must be something like Dwarg does with Aggie, she thought. Mizzy’s lips did not move yet Edna could hear her.
Perhaps the powers of the Alcheringa have given us these gifts of which we know, because we were childless. All I know of the gifted ones is that there was much sacrifice, pain and sorrow in our youth.  I must thank you woman of the North, sister of the Polar spirits and beyond.  Your course has smoothed a wrinkled circumstance from which my own world is now in harmony.  My brother is returned by you; you were the only Ngangkari in the Dreaming to have made it so.  Your gift cannot be repaid for a thousand dreams. 
Thank you for your kind words sister Ngangkari of the  South and the Rainbow Serpent and the Dreaming.  I am humbled by your powers and prowess and bow before you, one of whom who walks the earth since the age of dust. I have a pleasure in presenting your brother to you and your land.  Sister, my mission is yet not complete ;I have been called by your mother to release her spirit which is held within an image. I would take it as an honour if you would assist me with this.
This is new to me I am surprised at this but the honour would be mine completely sister.  Now I also have some unfinished tasks which finds your family in confusion.  This is somewhat of my doing, yet I will unthread the problem.
If you mean the passing of my leader Atian, it was in accordance with his wishes and I do not hold that event as an imbalance sister.
It was another matter of which I spoke honoured Shaman. We will speak more of this.  I must embrace my brother again.
Mizzy let go of Edna.  She tried hard to remain calm;  after all she was a Ngagakari, yet probably for the first time in her life; she was absolutely stunned at the news of her mother. 
The mob had followed Lady GaGa away from there and into a building.   A limousine pulled up.  Jade and Phoebe would take care of the plane and park it under cover. “I’ll give you a call before we head back, enjoy Brisbane. Oh Kendall, those parcels to come with us too.”
“That explains why I could never dream of my mother, yet I loved her.  When she died, I have trouble even thinking of what she looked like.  And she spoke to you? In America? You’ve made me all excited Edna. So are we headed for Goomeri? I’ll tell Gazza to follow.”
“Gazza, this is Edna, the lady has come from America to help me.”
“Hullo Gazza, I’ve very pleased to meet you.”
“My pleasure getting to know you Missus, I’d like to be in America.”
Mizzy sat between Edna and Oskar. “Now Mizzy, dis ‘ere be Archie – ‘es bin my friend for ever ‘n a day.  ‘is son Alex; Alex is an astronaut, bin to space ‘n all.”
“How do you do Missus Ooloo, pleased to meet you.”
“And you as well Archie, but it’s Mizzy.  Now what do you know of Kooris, Aboriginals?”
“Embarrassed to say not much, only what Oskar has told me, saw the coin purse made from a Kangaroo’s  err, you know.”
“Well Archie, don’t believe everything you hear.  I bet those folk in New Orleans don‘t shrink heads either.” They all laughed as the limousine headed North, towards Goomeri;  where an impatient Ernie and Rienus were waiting for them.”
After an hour or so, Mizzy leaned over to the driver and asked him to stop and turn left onto a little gravel road.  “I just need to do something...alone...won’t keep you waiting, sorry.”
“Lovely country side, rolling hills one minute, then mountains, then level plains, plenty of cows. orchards, roadside fruit stalls.  Just look at that mountain; signs says Mount Tibrogargan.  Looks like a giant gorilla, and those other mountains over there, just sticking up like they’ve pushed up from the ground.”
“Sir, this is the Glass House Mountains National Park.”
“Glass House? How come driver?”
“Captain Cook, on his voyage of discovery saw them from the coast, we are rather near the coastline.  Anyway he wrote in his log about these mountains looking like the glass houses, you know for growing plants in winter in England.  The name stuck, but personally I think he must have been looking through his telescope that had rain drops on the lenses – doesn’t look a bit like a glass house; and I’ve been fishing off shore from here.  Just looks like big bloody rocks to me.  Anyway the entire area is recognized as sacred to the Aboriginal, I think the Bongaree tribe are in this district. This would be the place to come to study Aboriginal sacred sites and history.”
“Do Aboriginals still live here?”
“Only the Park Rangers madam.  Occasionally there are study courses and events, you know like camps and such. Ah here comes Mizzy.” Mizzy stumbled back to the road;  she was in obvious distress as she reached for trees and saplings for support. She was gasping for breath but still managed a smile as Edna raced over to grab her.
“Are you all right Mizzy; you’re all cut and bleeding; driver do you have a first aid kit aboard?”
 “It won’t kill me, just a couple of scratches where I fell down a little slope; I’m tough;  I even survived a David Jones sale on Boxing Day. I’ll live. Edna, you and you’re family are now level. Don’t worry Coran, I’ll be right mate; physician heal thyself, hey what.”
“Coran... Oskar?” asked Archie.
“Coran be my birt name Arch; wat ya rekcon? Don’t matter call me Osk; OK wit me cobber.”
“Don’t fuss so Coran, ouch that swab’s got alcohol in it.  So you’ve done a bit of healing in your lifetime brother.”
“All me life Mizzy; started out fixin critters; come natural to me.”
“So you never married? No children?”
“Never ‘ad time for ‘em. ‘Ah knowed a couple a women, but dem gals be more interested cause Ah fixin some VD dey catched – ‘n dat was damn often. Ha ha.”
“I’ll give Ernie a call, tell him we’re nearly there.”
Leave a message please.Out. Hmm he must really be busy.
-oOo-
Rienus had just finished his early morning walk and was standing at the Goomeri clock monument looking at the artistry of the clock dial.  “Well that’s not a nice way to say hello to me.” He spun around.
“Aggie, Aggie! why, how wonderful. What a great surprise. Here I was just thinking about you being locked away in the KR workshop. Terrific surprise Aggie; must have been hard for Ernie to keep secret, well I guess that’s his job; oh what a sight for these old eyes. My heart’s still thumping; thank you so very much for coming to rescue me.”
“Oh I’ve missed you so much Rienus, may I at least get a  hug, gosh we’ll all be happy to get you back in the fold.  The sands of the Sahara await you, as does Abdul and Aaron, especially Aaron.  Aunt Edna is expected here within the hour.  It’s absolute heaven to find you and see that you’re safe.  That’s a lovely clock you’ve been looking at.”
She called me Rienus, she called me Rienus, oh happy days.  “Did you notice that the duplicate clock on the other side is one minute faster?” Aggie took Rienus by the hand and showed him the other side of the memorial.”
“As always, dear girl; your accuracy and observations confound me. It is indeed one minute faster.”
“I suggest we take that clock as our guide, what say you Rienus? should we live one minute ahead of the rest?”
“But of course dear girl.”
-oOo-
Ernie was shaking as he pressed the buttons on his phone, “I say 5849403TXE97HP, please confirm.”
“I say 474JFN74PK6643, what’s this all about Ernie? what’s happened?”
“Er excuse me ma’am, may I speak with Alex?”
“Sure, here.”
“Yes sport, what’s up? getting too near a crock?”
“Er no Alex, may I speak with Miss Kellor again?”
“Enough Ernie, tell me what’s happened; is Aunt Edna OK?  Is she there yet?”
“No, not yet, er boss, I’ll get her to ring you when she arrives.”
“No you won’t Mister Tongs, one last time, tell me what’s going on.”
“Rienus, Professor Lien has disappeared, virtually in front of my eyes. He was standing at the town clock memorial and I was coming down the road, I must have been about 200 yards from him when I saw you..er someone who looked like you go up and talk to him. They embraced and as I got closer she took his hand and led him to the other side of the monument.  Then there was a flash of light and when I got there, you, er that young woman and Rienus were gone. I’ve looked everywhere; they’ve gone Aggie, they’ve gone.”
“Calm down Ernie and tell all to Aunt Edna, get her to ring me OK?”
“Er, ma’am, I’m standing on the spot where they disappeared.  There’s some fine gravel on the ground and it looks like someone has scratched out some letters in the dirt.  It looks like SSJH; apart from that no other clues.”
“Fine, Ernie, go have a scotch or two.”
“Another crisis my little squaw?”
“Naw, its only that Professor Rienus Lien Number Two has been taken away by Aggie Kellor Number Two.  The little bitch must be one step ahead of me; even left me a message;  Sometimes Shit Just Happens. Oh dear, Dwarg has just gone into a tizzy fit; reckons us Humans don’t get serious enough with stuff beyond our comprehension.”  Tell you what Dwarg...you go figure...but do it quietly.  “Now where were we, lover boy?”
“You’re telling me Edna has gone and organized Rienus to get back to his own dimension? How? er, all those frequencies Aggie, the vibrations, the variables of the Seventh Dimension; did she even know about the unpredictably of the amateur carrier waves?”
“Aw, you’re starting to sound like Dwarg...let’s just put it down to magic;  you know, Aunt Edna’s magic.”
Ernie stood on the veranda of the Grand Hotel and saw the limousine pull up.  He ran to it and desperately tried to get Edna aside, “Now don’t be rude Ernie, I do have guests; take it easy.” In desperation he whispered into her ear.  “The Professor has disappeared, gone, can’t find him, disappeared in a puff of light with, with a young lady, looked like Miss Kellor; looked all over, gone.”
“Miss Kellor, you must ring Miss Kellor.”  Edna smiled at Mizzy who winked back. 
“Family smoother now Edna?”
“Yes, as is our relationship Mizzy; it leaves only the spirit of Maroochy.”
“How’s the food here Ernie? looks like a nice place for a bite.”
“Er ma’am, er food’s great, er phone?”
“Have you spoken with Aggie already?”
“Yes ma’am.”
 “And her last words?”
“Er, to have a scotch or two.”
“Ernie, go do it. I’ll take over from here, OK? Now Kendall, help me with this stuff and put it in my room.” She went and hugged Mizzy.
Sister I pain to see you hurt for my family’s sake. There may have been other ways to level the imbalance. I am embarrassed for the assault on your body. 
It is a price I willingly pay to have my sister sated. The  Dharamulan which entered me became angry when it saw I could not give him child ; but the pact had been made. Back there, at that place of the Bongaree and of the Cooloola ,will be hostile and unsafe and I must warn the people of this. Sister, your presence heals my body and I feel no pain. Tonight we visit my mother’s spirit?
-oOo-
“You must have been really hungry to get through that huge steak Kendall, well done. In fact all the boys seem to be relishing the food.  And you Archie, have you taken a breath yet?”
 “Edna, these lamb chops are delicious. I’ve noticed you haven’t been gentle with the ribs yourself either...there’s just a little sauce on the corner of your...here, got it.”
“Cheeky monkey.  Oskar, Coran? Food OK?” Oskar nodded;  he still had his mouth full. Ernie had absented himself earlier, he was not feeling too well, and after all, he had consumed more than just a couple of scotches.
“Mizzy, I think Ernie is a little depressed.  He had become very attached to Rienus and now he’s lost him.  I think he feels guilty and that he’s failed in his duties to protect him. I see your Gazza is outside eating, will he not join us Mizzy?”
“Gazza has his own ways Edna, I do not question, but he does enjoy all things pasta. Now Archie and Kendall, we will have to leave you and Ernie here tonight. Gazza will be taking Edna, Coran and myself to a place not far from here.  We will be doing secret business; do not look for us.  We will return.”
“This is the mystical painting Mizzy.  I suggest we unwrap it at the site of your mother’s burial place; I also have other things of interest to show you later.”
As the headlights of Gazza’s utility shone upon the area of the gravesite, the trio at once saw the shape of a man kneeling on the ground. They quietly left the car and walked towards him, the moonlight was bright and Edna could hear nothing.  This is unusual, she thought, no chirping, buzzing, no night sounds, not even a soft rustle of a breeze on the tree leaves.
The man did not turn around. “I have been called to this place by a powerful dream. I am needed to complete a circle to free my mother; know you of this?”
“Who are you stranger man?”
 “My name is Charlie Chaplain of the Arrente.”
 “I see. Charlie, I am Mizzy, of your mother, this is Coran of your mother. We are now a circle; blessings upon our family.”  They fell into an immediate embrace with tears and emotions which had been pent up for so many years of their lives.  “This is Edna, she is cousin of the Rainbow Serpent of the Dreaming; she has been sent to unite us and release our mother’s spirit; she comes from America.”
“Please to know you, venerable Ngangakari of the North. It was only recent that I met an American in the desert. He was lost and I took him to Pine Gap.”
 “Thank you for looking after my family Charlie, it is now complete.  We may talk of all these wonderful things later.  We should begin now; I feel we must not delay as I see dark clouds moving; they must not lessen the power of the moon. Will you gents please start a fire...there.  I will unwrap this scene.”
“Ah finally gits to seein dat painting you’all been talkin ‘bout Edna.”
Gazza sat in his utility and watched as the fire increased the intensity of the light in that area. That family is together at last, each one of them childless, yet together, must be the most powerful of Ngangkaris in the world, and them with the American Shaman, that group must be a force that could rattle the Earth’s magical dimensions.
-oOo-
Edna took off the thick cardboard, then the cloth, then the soft paper which covered the painting.  She placed it on the ground, upright against a small sapling.  They all squatted down and looked at it by fire and moonlight. “Not exactly van Gogh” said Charlie. Mizzy nodded in agreement.
“This was painted by the man who stole Coran and took him to America.  The baby in the picture is you Coran, the lady in red, that’s your mother and your mother and your mother. That is Maroochy.”
They all looked at the painting intensely. “Our mother sure has skinny legs; just like your skinny legs Coran.”
“Yea, but dese skinny legs can still kick you’en ya overgrown backside Charlie ‘orse.”
“You looking for a black eye mate? Give you one if you want.”
“Any’ows, Ah cain’t git a black eye, ‘ow ya gonna see ‘n black eye on me’all?”
 “I think it should be a purple eye, or maybe blue eye. Coran does have a point Charlie.”
“Be dat as it may Mizzy, Ah couldn’t sees if Ah’d a black, or blue or purple eye; wat ya tink my eyeballs pop out like da ones on snails on stalks and lookin back at me face? Ow Ah expected ta now da colour?”
“Perhaps, my dear fellow from the land of the educated; an instrument with reflective qualities, perhaps a mirror, would surely have given you a fair amount of information to allow for that assessment.”
“Well dar ya go den, ain’t got no mirror, never seed meself in a mirror;  did once; scared the bejesus outta me.” They all rolled around in laughter.
Then Mizzy pointed to the painting; to the column of smoke, “look, look  there, there’s a Burringilling; it’s hiding there, see?” They peered closer and nodded in unison;  still confused as to what was wanted of them. 
Nothing is happening, thought Edna, what do I do now? oh yes, circle of family.  “Coran, hold your hand out, Mizzy place your hand in his, Charlie your hand on theirs, good, now with your other hand, touch the painting. Children, tell me what you feel; do you feel the warmth of your mother?” No answer. “Wait, let me show you this picture.”  It was the drawing of a very, very young Maroochy and as soon as their eyes fell upon it, they felt the sensation of the warmth of sunlight on their cheeks, the sensation of having honey on their tongues, the sensation of a success following a competition, a sensation of the relaxing of the muscles when lying down on soft grass.
Gazza looked up.  Something had caught his eye, just out of full sight.  It was bright and soft, a short flash.  “I can see her in my thoughts!” shrieked Mizzy, “I remember her as I knew her. I have her memory back!”
Charlie jumped up. “I could never bring an image of her to mind;  now I see her, her spirit exists; I am joyed beyond reason. This gift from you Edna, is never to be measured.”
“Ah’m da one to be so ‘appy.”
“That’s good.  Now children of Maroochy, leave me alone with this painting for a while.” Here we go Edna, get ready for a little transcendental meditation;  minus the modern crap.
Charlie quietly whispered, “Is she is speaking to our mother?” They watched her intently.
Edna opened her eyes and smiled. “Well that didn’t take long. That painting is no longer spellbound.  If you like, you may throw it into the fire, or just keep it. I know it’s worth over $750 at a certain art gallery.”
“Dat picture be word more ‘n dat to me Edna; that’s me mom ‘n me; even ifn it be painted by a parasite’s excretament. ‘n now Ah ‘aven a little bro ‘n all. Instant family.  ‘ow come you fellers more darker dan me anyways?”
“Well that’s something for all of you to find out children. Coming back to the hotel now? Coffee and soup sounds good.”
“Na, you’all go on Edna;  us kids need to jawin lots more, need to see ‘bout our daddies ‘n all. Can Gazza pick us up ‘ere in morning?
“Got plenty of gas in your car Gazza?  Good, let’s go.”
“Yes Missus; some enchanted evening?”
“You could say that Gazza, er, the way you talk? er, oh never mind.”
As they approached the town, Edna said, “Gazza, can you take me further down the road? To the place where Mizzy went and got hurt, the Glass House Mountains?”
“Er Missus, that’s not a safe place. It is a labyrinth where night is blind. You heard what Mizzy said. Even the sound of it, is something quite atrocious.”
“Ok man, that’s not a coincidence; you’re throwing in words from Broadway musicals aren’t you? No, no, don’t go saying Give my regards to Broadway; cause I won’t.”
Gazza just smiled at her.
“Anyway  Gazza, just drop me off near there, you can leave if you want, or just wait; it’s up to you.”
“I can’t leave you there by yourself lady; I’ll escort you. Are you going to do magic? Are you going to see the...the..” He was too afraid to even say the evil word.
“Oh yes sir, I’m going to seek out the Dharmulan of this place; I need to have a little chat with him, er it, and I’m going to kick his damn ass.” Gazza remained silent in thought. “I’m going to kick his arse, and if he has an ass, I will kick that ass as well; does that make more sense Gazza?”
“I sure am feeling sorry for the pony.”
“Enough Gazza!” She saw that there was enough moonlight to allow her to make her way down the little track leading away from the roadside. “No need to follow me; know how it must feel for you; I ain’t got a spoonful of sugar for you.” Shit, he’s got me doing it now.
“Well Missus, if I get killed now, at least there will be a powerful Ngangkari nearby.”
“Just in case, take this string of sacred stones and put them in your pocket; they’ll protect you.” Edna took a deep and measured breath, walked down the track a few paces, then yelled;
“Hoy! Come out you evil bastard of this place, show your disgusting being to one who would tear you apart and piss on your remains!”
The tree further to the right of the track moved and the leaves of a branch rustled noisily.
“Show yourself little soft furred goanna hiding away from sparrows.  Open your frightened eyes to see me, you skulking grub who shits his space in fear!”
“Who calls thus? Who would call the mighty one without fear? You? you are a little woman, not of white or black, go back to your land of hopelessness and empty desires, else I ravish you and eat your babies slowly. Leave my place now you misguided and foolish creature. I have already fed of a Koori of the Bundjil.”
“You cannot enter me foul demon, my thighs would crush your tiny pee-pee and I will laugh at your squeals of embarrassment.  You speak with Nidoupso Managuen Skog. Kneel yourself on the dirt of the earth in front of me and beg for your continued existence.”
“What? You will not go away? Clench your teeth and experience pain like none you know strange woman, I will rip your thighs apart and bathe in your blood.”
A ball of twigs and leaves fell from the tree which formed into a human-like shape.  Its arms reached out in front and the legs began to rustle and move towards Edna, who now had a little lingering doubt about her own powers.  She reached into her pocket and took out the Goomeri Pointing Bone, and, with as much force as she could muster, hurled it towards the approaching monster. “Accept and feel the force of my wrath, bilious devil!”
The bone flew like a rocket and pierced the Dharmulan in, what would be the human equivalent, the pubic area.  The monster stopped in its tracks and an eerie scream came from it.  Nay GiGi! nay GiGi!  Luminous colours of blue and green began to spit over it, interlacing and crackling, all over the now ball of quivering leaves. They gave off buzzing noises and slowly the mass began to settle, then became nothing more than a mound of leaves; a mound of leaves that looked like it had just been racked up on someone’s lawn.
Edna walked forward and kicked at the heap, spreading the brown leaves around her.  Fucked you up good and proper you asshole; no one, no thing hurts my family, you son of a bitch. She continued kicking at the leaves until the moonlight shone on the still warm Pointing Bone which she picked up. Better get you home as well Goomeri.
“How about some pumpkin soup Gazza?  I hear it’s a speciality in this area.  Come on, it’s late, let’s go, people may be getting worried.”
Gazza nodded but said nothing.  He was just happy being alive and in the same world as this amazing warrior woman from America. “OK Gazza you can give me a good Broadway one-liner now.”
Unbelievably, he was simply lost for words.
Chapter Thirty
Ernie was deeply embarrassed as he came down for breakfast.  Edna got up and walked to him before anyone there could hear. “Good morning Ernie, how are you faring? Better after a good night’s sleep?”
“Mrs Kellor, I am so sorry about yesterday.  That would have to have been one of the worst days of my life.  Things were happening around me over which I had absolutely no control. I was useless, of no good to you or Miss Kellor.”
“Well be that as it may Ernie, yesterday turned out to be the best day in the lives of many people.  Now come and sit down with us and put on a happy face; you’ll find it’s not all that bad.  The cook has made flapjacks, just for us, and he’s actually managed to find some maple syrup from Vermont; can’t get any better than that eh?”
“Mrs Kellor, sorry, Edna, will there ever be a chance in hell of knowing what has happened in the last few weeks?.. you know, Reggane and Rienus?”
“Why of course you will Ernie, I wouldn’t be so cruel as to keep secrets from our Security Director, now would I?”
“Er no ma’am.”
“Just like you wouldn’t be keeping any secrets from me.”
“er no ma‘am.”
“Good, now let’s get on with life...oh look baked beans, they’ll go well with flapjacks...and bacon, yes plenty of bacon, eat up old chap, plenty of this stuff to go around.”
Archie was enjoying this lavish breakfast. “I’ve just had a drink of this milk, you know, I reckon it tastes better than back home, maybe a little sweeter, yum. When do you think Oskar will be back Edna, did he give any indication if...do you think he will.”
“Archie, the best thing for Oskar right now is to spend quality time with his brother and sister.  If you are asking me if he will be coming home with us, I would guess not; and you can’t blame him can you?”
“You know, I’ve known him most of my life; Alex will be heartbroken as well; knew him longer than his own family.”
“Look on the positive side Archie.  Would you be taking Oskar with you to live in Vermont? How would he feel about that? Just wait till you see him, I guarantee that for all the time you’ve known him; you’ll never have seen him in such a happy state.  Believe me.”
“I suppose so Edna.  Hey there they are now, all in the back of Gazza’s ute, hope the local policeman don’t see that.” Oskar, Mizzy and Charlie ran up to the window of the hotel and looked into the dining room.  They saw the Yanks inside, but would not come in, after all, they were filthy, had ash on their faces and looked like rag dolls.  They pranced around like children, pushed their faces to the glass, making crude gestures.  Then all three came to the doorway, poised as a small choir and began to sing a little ditty which Gazza had taught Mizzy, many, many years ago;
They think they civilise us HA!
Whenever they advise us HA!
To learn to make the same mistake
That they are making too...HA HA
AND THEY MAKE QUITE A FEW!
With that, they ran back into the street laughing.
“I see your point about Oskar being so happy” said Archie. “Didn’t even know he could run like that. I shouldn’t interfere with his happiness, God knows he’s missed so much of that during his life. But I will see him again won’t I? Edna? Promise?”
“My bloody oath cobber. I reckon he won’t turn his back on you or Alex; he’ll pop up to be best man for Alex, I’ve no doubt. Now I need to talk with old Gazza for a bit, then give Jade and Phoebe a call.”
“Gazza, I think you are a wonderful and caring man.  I know of your secret and it is safe.  Now this is a photograph of Coran with the people in the USA who raised him; looks like he’s about one year old.  Coran has never seen it.  One day Gazza, he will be depressed and come to you for advice; show him this photo; he will then know his course.  Do you understand sweet man?”
He nodded and bowed. “Thank you. Thank you, my fair  lady.”
“Ha, good one. Now when you find your passengers, tell them that the Yanks will be leaving Goomeri tonight; that Edna has other important tasks back in the USA, OK? Oh it would be nice if Coran could settle Archie’s fears.”
“Yes of course Missus Edna. The end is just a little harder when brought about by friends.”
“Oh yes, next time you go to Brisbane, go and see this man, he has hundreds and hundreds of cars, utes, vans and trucks; all brand new ones. Tell him who you are and you can pick any car you want to keep; it has already been paid for by my boss.  She has plenty of money. Make sure he gives you all the right paperwork and that the gas tank is full before you leave his yard. OK?” She gave him a hug and a kiss, leaving him there starring at the letter of credit.
She looked back and yelled, “Those kids just then..The King and I..right?” He raised his thumb. “And you, just then..Jesus Christ, Superstar?”
Gazza walked and sat down on the running board of his ute.  He looked up into the sky and felt the warmth of the morning sun on his face.  Glad Constable Stubbs is Murgon way today, don’t want my family locked away, he thought, as he folded Edna’s gift into a smaller square. Maroochy’s spirit will come to Coran, Mizzy and Charlie tonight..she will tell of worlds, of Auras and of the Dreaming.  She will tell of Edna, cousin of the Rainbow Serpent, who entered the Tjukurrpa world and found her and our family. He tapped the ground with his foot as he hummed the words:
In another dimension, with voyeuristic intention
Well-secluded, I see all
With a bit of a mind flip
You're there in the time slip
And nothing can ever be the same
He would take those three kids home later. First thing tomorrow, I’ll fill this ute with petrol, check the oil and water, tyre pressure and fluids and of most importance, my CD collection. Quite a long way to the Alice from here, he thought. He opened his old weathered wallet and filed Edna’s letter in the back, it pressed against an old piece of thin leathery parchment, which was a map signed by one Harold Bell Lasseter. He removed an old certificate and looked at it, wondering why he ever kept it. It was a certificate issued under the Inspection of Machinery Act 1908, which read, Traction-Engine-Driver’s-Certificate-of-Competency, certifying that Garry J Robinson had achieved that qualification. He tucked it back and put the wallet into his shirt pocket.
I’ve got the sun in the morning, And the moon at night.
Got no heirlooms for my kin,
Made no Will, but when I cash in,
I’ll leave the sun in the morning, And the moon at night.
Edna went back to her table, “Hoy bring those flapjack back here young lady, I’m needing more fuel for the work ahead of me.  Sweetheart...Ms Stubbs, I just love your beautiful red hair, it looks...serendipitous and...oh I don’t know; yummy?..don’t you think so Ernie?”
Ernie was happy he didn’t spill the entire cup of coffee on his shirt, he was desperately thinking of something to say. “Ernie, before I forget, will you organize for a couple of cartons of white and reds from the vineyard that supplies this place.  Truly wonderful wines; anyway we are now two passengers less on the jet’s manifest, may just as well take advantage of that. And why not consign a couple of cases to Rienus over in Reganne, I’m sure he’d loved that;  put your name down as the consignor OK?..better still, write him a note, tell him you were thinking of him while you were on vacation in Australia and thought he may enjoy a drop or two?”
“Yes, yes I will Edna, thank you very much.”
“Archie, after I make this call to our pilots, you may escort me into the metropolis of Goomeri – I hear they have very interesting curiosity shops here – might find a bargain or two, what say you?”
“Indubitably Misses Kellor.” Edna shook her head; she had heard those words before.
“Oh look, this town is having an international pumpkin festival; in a few week’s time. Shame we can’t stay to see it.”
They walked down the road, arm in arm, not as lovers, but as new found friends, enjoying each other’s company.
“Should I follow them boss?”
“No, don’t bother Kendall.  That woman is more than capable of looking after herself; God knows she can. No, instead you can escort me to that dress-shop. Got to buy some red dresses and accessories for Mizzy.  Rienus would have wanted that.”
-oOo-
“Er Aunt Edna, are you awake?”
“Yes Jade, something’s up? Phoebe’s all right?”
“Sort of.  Would it be of any consequence if we don’t go home via Hawaii? Phoebe would rather go via Tahiti?”
“Don’t mean anything to me Jade, how come?”
“Er, she’s kind of hankering for something special to eat; trouble is I can only get exactly what she wants and it’s in French Polynesia.”
“Some special fish dish I suppose.”
“Aunt, it’s a vanilla and custard slice.  Seems the one she wants so badly is only sold from a stall on the second floor of the Papeete general market building.  I know aunt, don’t look at me like that.”
“So do it. Why did you wake me up for that, young man? By the way, I really think you guys should do some window shopping while we are there; particularly in those French chemists and drug stores. Now you little guinea pigs go back to cuddling and think about vanilla slices.”
“Er, yes, thanks Aunt Edna.  She’s never called us guinea pigs before, those darn little critters do nothing but...root, eat and shit...and have puppies. Oh shit, oh shit. And I’ve left her at the controls by herself.  He raced back to the cockpit, tripping over Kendall’s outstretched foot in his haste.
“Oops, sorry captain, you OK? Anything wrong?”
“No, puppies, oh shit oh shit.”
Archie stirred as Jade raced past him.  He turned with curiosity at Edna who just shrugged her shoulders and said, “Isn’t young love wonderful to see? Archie, ever been to Tahiti, no? Neither have I.  How about you Ernie?.Kendall?..well guess what gentlemen?”
-oOo-
“Madame, this is the finest of our range – it carries a certification of authenticity, guaranteed by the Departement de la Polynesie Francaise de Commerce. It is unique and not another one exactly the same exists. See how the brille, er the shine, cannot decide if it is silver or noir.”
“Four and a half thousand dollars? Do you mean United States dollars?”
“You have us selling our range at heavily discounted prices this week Madame; this price will increase on Sunday.  For a little extra, we can also place it into a setting of your choice;  our craftsmen are indeed in equality with any other country.  See here are examples of their artistry.”
“Hmm, Ok, how about this.  I would like that black pearl mounted on flat mother-of-pearl in the shape of this.” Edna held up the Goomeri. “And to come with er, that gold chain over there, and a pin, no a clasp; so it can be a brooch or both.  Can do?”
“Oui, of course; do you want the backing be the same size as that, as that er, bone?”
“Maybe not so thick.”  Edna placed the large black pearl over the pointing bone and turned to Ernie, “what do you think?’ 
Ernie would willingly swear that the Earth was flat if it would please Edna.  He put on his see..I’m really interested face and nodded, “I think that would be a wonderful design Mrs Kellor, the backing should be a little wider and flatter;  it is a lovely contrast and those colours are unusual; yes, an interesting design.”
 “Liar Ernie, your appreciation of fine art is crass, inane, and a little naive, don’t try and baffle me with bullshit old man.  Ok lady, go work out how much you’re going to slug me for all that; oh and I need it to be insured and posted to this address, it’s in Australia.”  Edna wrote down Mrs Mizzy Ooloo, Post Office, Goomeri, Australia, 4601.
“At once Madame and that er, bone, would you like me to... remove it?”
“I’ll put it away, don’t panic; you’ve no idea of how much that’s worth.”
Edna had just finished signing for the purchase when Ernie’s phone rang.  He looked worried as he spoke.  He repeated some details and turned to Edna. “Mrs Kellor, we need to go to the Poste de Police de Papeete; seems Archie Bentley has just been arrested. Damn, I told Kendall to keep an eye on  him.”
-oOo-
Maurice, the Inspecteur Chargé de Affaires Ploynésia Francaise was happy to see the Gulfstream taking off from Fa’aa airport. Trouble makers and vandals those Americans, and that Bentley; paysan; failed Frenchmen from the swamps of Louisiana; assaulting and insulting our tongue with vile and corrupted words.  He is lucky I found no laws to keep him confined after that unacceptable behaviour in the Centre Civique.
Once in level flight, Edna came with a platter of Vanilla Slices.  “Eat up gentlemen, get to like them, we have a few cartons to get through, compliments of our pilots.”
Archie looked sheepishly at Edna. “It’s really Alex’s fault Edna.  He put it in my head when he said goodbye to Oskar and me.  He gave me a fist full of dollars, well quite a few thousand in fact, and told me to spend it all, and to have a good time and to get into trouble. So guess that’s what I did.”
“So he told you to go to the Veritable Produits Francais outlet in the main street, buy shelves of French perfume, wine, chocolate and stuff, then cart it all to the Civic Centre and begin opening, breaking, pouring out, spilling, tearing and dumping it all?”
“No crime in that.”
“Only against common sense Archie.  OK the French are not the most likeable people on the planet, but this, this is, strange behaviour Archie.  You had people on the footpath and in the street, crying. And you could have spoken to those police in English not Cajon; that’s probably why you were arrested; you know how fanatical they are about their beautiful language.  Given all that anyway; what a waste of money man.  Do you really think Alex will be pleased about that?”
“Let me tell you about ice-cream economics Edna;  unless Alex already has?” Edna just looked at him.
“I suppose it’s really a state of mind.  You know when you go to the mall?  It’s a hot day;  and there you see an ice-cream kiosk; all the flavours; big cones; and you’re hungry and you know ice-cream is not exactly food? Now this is the point; does your mind first say, I’ll buy myself an ice-cream;..or does your mind first say, hmm  can I afford to buy myself an ice-cream. Big difference in one’s state of mind. Ice-cream economics you see. Alex told me to eat a lot of ice-cream on this trip”
“Yea well, you just keep eating these vanilla slices; FRENCH vanilla slices, monsieur. Thanks to you, the catering people at the airport refused to top up our fresh food larder.”
Ernie looked over at Archie and gave him a comforting and reassuring smile. At least I’m not the only bastard on her shit list today.
“Another vanilla slice Phoebe?” asked Edna.
 “No thanks Aunt Edna, one was enough for me.  It just hit the spot.” Edna thought for a while and said,
“Phoebe, sweetheart, let me tell you all about ice-cream economics.”
Epilogue
“Aggie, that pattern you’re weaving is gorgeous.  Good to see you take some time away from HQ.  May I borrow your whiteboard?”
“Of course aunt, got some figuring to do?”
“Just need to list my priorities, like you taught me. How’s Alex?”
“Just got off the phone with him.  Archie absolutely loves that place, they had a bit of spat about who was paying for it, but that’s for later. He loves the barn, reckons his collection of telephones and stuff will look good there.  You’re still taking him around Putney and Brattleboro this Sunday?”
“Yes sweetheart, but I won’t be able to do it every weekend.  Seems like I’m needed everywhere at once with this Shaman post.”
“Would you like another one of you, Aunt Edna?”
“Don’t go there Aggie, I’m warning you; I still have the Goomeri Pointing Bone.”
“I reckon the men around here are happy there’s only one Edna Kellor.”
“I’ll treat that comment with the...no I won’t comment on your comment. Now let me see, 1. Adam’s Chieftain Tribal Elevation. 2. Alex’s acceptance/approval 3.Aggie/Alex Ceremonial Wedding; add brackets; important guests, list Oskar, Coran, Charlie Chaplain...gotta love that name, Mizzy; Ambassadors, Abdul,  Aaron, Rienus; I’m glad you asked Rienus to give you away Aggie; that’s very nice; Other Chiefs, brackets venue, accommodation. 4. The whispering spirits at Cottonwood; need Coran for that as well.”
“Aunt?”
“Not really a big deal Aggie.  I need Coran to help me find a bone or two, preferably the skull of an evil man. Got to do some wading in mud to find it.   Then have to dig a deep hole, place the skull headfirst into it; something to do with it facing away from the mother earth; then I need to put the Goomeri on top of it; an eternal sentinel of sorts; then fill the hole, do a little cha cha on the mound and drink copious amounts of fire water..well, not really drink...rather rinse and spit. I’m offering the Cottonwood house to Coran; hope you don’t mind.”
“Suits me fine Aunt.  How about er, Erin? she still lives in the area.”
“I wasn’t going to say anything to either one, but if Coran decided to live there, I thought it would be wonderful if they just happen to stumble upon each other.”
“That would make a nice story;  do you think he will stay?”
 “My guess is that he’d be liking all this travelling. He hates the cold, so maybe a few months of the year in Minnesota, then go down-under.  I know the land is really good for growing herbs, and he’s a natural; will end up making a fortune from it.”
“Now purely for planning purposes Aggie, when do you think the clouds over Reganne will start filling the pond? Anywhere around the time of Phoebe and Jade’s little papoose entering the world?”
“Just after I think aunt.”
“OK, then we have number 5. Oh shit yea, the big Powwow; brackets; venue; VIP; accommodation, transport; hey Aggie, I hear we have some more States interested in sponsorships for that one.”
“Hmm, maybe I’m getting a bit cynical about some of the State governors; it’s amazing what happens when the name Kellor comes up.”
“Number 6. Damn; I’ve got to teach upcoming Shaman prospects, vet them, and kick asses. You’ve left some letters on the whiteboard here Aggie, looks like FOO, anyway; 7. Sort out the mess with Chippewa; damn in-fighting; 8 The licensing fiasco with the Cree; 9. That not quite upright senator from...hey Aggie, did you know that right now, at this very minute, yes this very minute, the township of Goomeri is holding a pumpkin festival?”
“No, I didn’t know that aunt; shame on you Dwarg.”
“Get this, the main event is rolling, that’s right, rolling pumpkins down a street called Policeman’s Hill; that’s because the Police station is at the bottom...sorry Aggie...I’m starting to rave; I’ll be quiet.”
“No, it’s all right” Aggie giggled, “honest, I’m fascinated, go on.”
 “That little town has a monument to the fallen soldiers from the surrounding area. It’s in the form of a small obelisk with a clock and the numbers have been replaced with letters which read LEST WE FORGET.  It’s very moving to see. There’s a clock on either side; funny thing is, that one minute hand is a minute faster than the other, or I suppose you could say, one side is just a little ahead of the other.”
“Whoa aunt, whoa...did Ernie mention anything about some letters scratched into the sand or the gravel there?”
“Er, no Aggie, he was in a panic when we arrived at the hotel at Goomeri.”
Aggie reached for her phone and pressed buttons, “Ernie, back there in that town, yes Goomeri, you said you saw those letters scratched into the ground?  Exactly where in relation to the front of the memorial were those marks made?...the back..I see. Thanks Ernie.” She hung up and shook her head; take it easy Dwarg, I know, I’ll ask her.
“Aunt, which clock was faster than the other? the front or the rear?”
“Can’t rightly remember now Aggie, er, let me think.  I think the back one was faster...no hang on;  the front one was faster, er slower...ooh Aggie, my brain is starting to hurt.  Did I tell you about the antique shop further down the street?”
Aggie went up to the whiteboard and spun it around “You need a break Aunt Edna;  and so do I.  Tell you what, how about us girls, just the two of us go pumpkin rolling, right now, tonight; I’ll ask Alex to drive us to Boston Airport and in a few hours we can be in Goomeri.  I’ll give you ten minutes to pack.”
“Sure, no worries.  Only one question Aggie?”
“Yes ma’am?”
“What do I do with the extra nine minutes?”
End
About the Author
Born in the Netherlands, Tony Lourensen, with his parents, migrated to Australia in 1952 at age six. He had a Catholic upbringing, being educated by both nuns and brothers.  He was happy to get away from his schooling and as soon as he was of eligible age, he enlisted in the Australian Army. He saw active and special service in Vietnam and Singapore and spent 13 years in the military. After his discharge he found employment in a number of occupations including Occupational Health and Safety Co-ordinator in a large service industry. He has travelled extensively throughout Europe, Asia and the USA.  It was in Putney, Vermont where he gained the inspiration for this book and keeps fond memories of the people, the mountains, the colour and the seasons.
Also by this Author
Ho Chi Minh, Johnsy and I : Ramblings from a Baggy Arse Army Clerk during those Hazy, Crazy Days of the Vietnam War.
Dwarg in the Seventh Dimension : The Aggie Kellor Experience


