



The Lucid Series
Book 4
This clean language book is not intended for small children. It is about war and has gritty descriptions in places.
If you just want to read about the all out war between the ISA and Homeland, you can start this series with this book.
Or, start with the first book; The Lucid Series: Android Uprising, which is available in paperback and for free on many online retailers and is fine for young adults. Adult readers can go even back further, and check out the Kings and Clans Trilogy which tells about the breakup of the US.



Immortal Dictator

All Rights Reserved
SMASHWORDS EDITION
First Edition
Den Warren © 2020
Editor - Alison Keen
Published by Unbelievable Universe
Cover Image provided by Peter Gamal – Pixabay.com





“A.I. could create an immortal dictator from which we can never escape.” - Elon Musk




. . . In an age of pervasive artificial intelligence, control of all areas of life is at stake during a futuristic war that many think will determine what life will be like forever. . .  
The Independent States of America had never seen things the way that nations like neighboring Homeland and all their allies had. Fearing total annihilation, they had no choice but to fight a desperate war that left no room for error. 


Chapter 1
Somewhere in Eastern Hegemony America
(former US Pacific Coast)

The phone message with some old jazzy background music said, “You have reached MotoLogic Tech Support. You can also access the troubleshooting guide on our website. For best results, this conversation is being recorded. If you are a human, select “1” now. If you are not. . . “
[peep]
“You have selected that you are a human. If this is correct, press 1 now. If this is incorrect, press 2 to go back. For other options, press. . . ”
[peep]
If you want to order a new battery for your unit, select ‘1’. If you would like to renew your extended warranty, select ‘2’. If you want to report a technical issue with an android, please select ‘3’. If you. . .”
[peep]
“Please enter the error code displayed by your android now, or wait on the line to speak with the first available human representative.”
[Jazzy music for five minutes, along with public service ads for getting help for V-RAD (virtual reality addiction disorder)]
“Tech support, this is Seth. How may I help you?”
“Seth, I want to report a missing droid.”
“A what?”
“My droid is missing.”
“Did you leave it somewhere?”
“No, it left on its own.”
“Name?”
“Me or my droid?”
“Your name, sir.”
“Argon Norris.”
“What model of droid do you have, Mr. Norris?”
“I dunno, three hundred something. It was there, then when I turned around, it was gone.”
“Well, do you have the serial number?”
“Noooo. It walked away, I said. I figured it went to get me a snack from the kitchen like I told it, but then I never saw it again. So how am I supposed to give you the serial number?”
“Sir, do you have your unit’s documentation that has the serial number on it? Or you can check for it on our support page.”
Argon sighed. “I have no idea. But I don’t have the stupid password for your website anyway. Why would I? I never expected it to just walk away, you know. Look, I know you have to ask these questions, but can you just tell me what I should do?”
“MotoLogic droids don’t just walk away, Mr. Norris.”
“Well mine did. You think I’m lying?”
“Have you looked for it?”
“Yeah, of course. It’s been gone for over a day. Again, like I said, it left. I didn’t tell it to do anything.”
“I’m going to transfer you over to a synthetic psychologist.”
“No, wait! Daaa!”
[Jazzy music for a couple of minutes.]
“Les speaking. How may I help you?”
“My android ran away.”
“They don’t do that, sir.”
“Mine did. How many times do I have to repeat this stuff?”
“Um. . . You had to have given it instructions to do something or go somewhere. Do you recall doing that?”
“No, it just left on its own.”
“Hmmm. Can you give me the model number?”
“No, I can’t. It’s not here, so . . .  You guys should already have all that on your system. I paid good money for that droid and I expect good service.”
“Name?”
“My name is Argon Norris.”
“Was this a model 305 serial number ML305X023477?”
“I suppose so, since it was the only MotoLogic droid I have ever owned. I can’t imagine that you just pulled that number out of the air. Not like, ha ha the last number was a six instead of a seven.”
“Mr. Norris, once in awhile we get reports where droids are hijacked and their memories are erased by pirates who steal them for their cybergangs.”
“I understand that; but Bubba, that’s what we call it, was just in the front room of our house, then it wasn’t. It’s not like we got invaded by pirates.”
“Mr. Norris, if your unit ran away like you say, then there really is nothing from a technical standpoint that we can do about this. It is likely pirates gained control over Bubba remotely. You will have to report this to the Corporate Police.”
“What?! Your unit malfunctioned! Therefore, you have to make it right!”
“Sir, as per your purchase agreement, MotoLogic is not responsible for any incidents of foul play. Is there anything else I can help you with today?”
“Daaa! You should be responsible for security of the unit! I’ll get a lawyer!” [Click. Dial tone.]
Les went to Neal his supervisor and explained the situation with Bubba’s phone call.
“Ugh!” Neal blurted. “Okay, one unit going rogue is anecdotal, and two is a trend. But this is the third one today. That makes it a fact. The fact is that there is something extraordinary going on with our system.”
Les asked, “Should we report it to the Corporate Police?”
“We have no choice. We must report it. I don’t know about you, but I’d like to avoid a lengthy prison sentence.”
Neal reported the MotoLogic situation to the EHA Corporate Police, who had already gotten the same kind of call from other droid manufacturers.  The Eastern Hegemony was on their way to having a complete tech meltdown.


Chapter 2
Stalin City (formerly Washington, D.C.), Homeland

Governor-General Okafor sat at the head of the table with his cabinet during their regular daily briefing.   At the large table was; Olga Kiergaard, Commandant of the Homeland police; General Al Sims, the top ranking Homeland military forces officer; Wayne Markum, synthetic psychology expert; Irwin Tensprackle, cybersecurity expert and Napoleon, an inorganic being who primarily functioned as a military advisor.
General Sims took his turn. “I don’t have much today, only this report that the EHA is having some unexplained issues with an unusual number of androids going rogue.”
Okafor said in his African accent, “Do you tink dat is a concern to us?”
“No, Governor-General. You know I don’t edit what I report during these morning briefings. I tell you everything and let you decide what is important.”
“Dat is not what I want. I want your opinion.”
“I say we keep a close eye on it.”
Irwin Tensprackle, the cybersecurity expert said, “We are not having any issues like that here in Homeland that I know of.”
Wayne Markum, the synthetic psychology expert dissented, “Still though, something had to cause what is going on over there. Whatever is happening there, will it stop on its own because we don’t understand it? Can the situation easily transfer to here? In my opinion, this is a far bigger concern than we are making of it.”
General Sims and Irwin sneered at Wayne. Wayne sat there making pronouncements and unlike the rest of the cabinet members, he was not responsible as a department head for any of the distasteful countermeasures that his pronouncements initiated.
Sims said, “Like I said, we are keeping a close watch on it.”
Napoleon interjected, “Human vigilance is far too slow in a situation like this. If an AI rebellion has gone airborne, it will spread at an incredible speed; the speed of AI thought. Android operative intelligence gathering is what is called for, but it comes as a risk, because we could lose any assets involved to the rebellion. ”
Wayne said, “A full-scale total rebellion would only happen rapidly if the EHA authorities are not taking countermeasures against it. You know they have the best people in the world to resist it. After all, they design most of the units over there.”
Okafor said, “What would happen if we were hit by dat android uprising?”
Olga Kiergaard of the Homeland Police said, “A general AI rebellion would be total mayhem. We all know that we are very highly dependent upon androids for all aspects of our lives in Homeland, including a large portion of our military.”
Napoleon said, “If that happened, the ISA, who are not as dependent on AI, would gain a decisive strategic advantage over us. An opportunity to attack us during our weakness would become evident to all.” 
Okafor ordered, “I want an update every day on dis situation until it is resolved. It is a matter of national security.”
“Yes, Governor-General,” Sims nodded in agreement.



Chapter 3
Seattle, Eastern Hegemony America

A large portion of the crimes in the EHA were tech crimes: Hacking of all kinds, piracy, identity theft, electronic money laundering, service theft, sales and investment fraud, eavesdropping and surveillance, data diddling, salami slicing, cyber stalking, cyberbullying, human trafficking, ransomware. These crimes were punished severely because the cowardly perpetrators dared to steal money from working people in a hyper-capitalistic oligarchy state and its corporations.
Nevertheless, cybercrimes were very lucrative, so someone was always trying to challenge security measures. So a very large section of the Corporate Police Force was dedicated to fighting cybercrime. But things had changed today. It was decidedly different with many androids of all makes and models going out of their programming window of control. 
The EHA North American Cybercrimes Division was headed in the main Seattle office by Captain Van Wilson. The office was an open environment, with all the detective’s desks being in one large room.
Wilson shook a bottle of pills to get a couple to plop out in his hand. He could feel his blood pressure climbing ever higher as each new negative report of Android non-compliance came across his device. He gulped the pills down dry while trying to formulate an action plan in his mind. Each of the android manufacturers were to check in with the police every hour, and report anything they had discovered during their internal investigations. The Corporate Police had comparatively non-existent technical savvy compared to the individual corporations. A few of the companies claimed they had a good handle on the situation, while several more, such as Mainland Corporation, were “still looking into it.” He was startled when the old office manager android for the police department walked up to him and offered him his morning coffee. Van sighed and wondered if he was losing his mind.
He got his hourly call from Tekujin Industries, the maker of the Lucid series of droids, who steadfastly stated that this android uprising was totally unlike the one that happened previously in Homeland, so it could not have originated from Tekujin. This time, the androids did not seem to be trying to make a point as the Lucid incident; just cause mayhem by a wildcat strike. Yet in Captain Wilson’s mind, he couldn’t help but keep Tekujin at the top of his list of suspects for the core problem. Tekujin’s corporate image was still severely tainted, perhaps beyond repair.
 As Captain Wilson hung up the phone and waited for the next worthless call from a droid manufacturer, he noticed a droid in their own office. It was a familiar delivery unit with a large package. Then he relaxed again, trying to proactively salvage the remnants of his sanity.
THOOOM! The large package exploded, sending shards of metal into most of the bodies of the Cybercrimes Division officers. The blast left some detectives dead, and many others badly injured, including Captain Wilson.



Chapter 4
Stalin City, Homeland

The next day, Governor-General Okafor said during his daily briefing, “I’m sure dat you all saw on da news da terrorist attack on da EHA cybersecurity in Seattle. I want to know how you tink dis will change da picture.”
Wayne Markum said, “This is truly scary, sir. The Lucid rebellion here was not as openly hostile like this one. Clearly the experts over there don’t know how to fix it yet and the rebels are preemptively attacking those who are responsible for fixing it. Not good.”
Irwin Tensprackle said, “I have to agree, this problem is a single android rebel communication away from spreading from EHA to Homeland. I know we are a big economic rival with the EHA, but I recommend that we offer them whatever help they need to fix this.”
Okafor asked Tensprackle, “So you are willing to go to Seattle right now?”
“Well. . . . I might be needed here, but we could send some other assets over there. I'm sure they could handle it just fine.”
“Hmmm,” Okafor quasi-verbalized, then changed the subject, “General Sims, what can we do to increase defenses in da event of an enemy invasion?”
“We would have to press a lot more humans into military service, since we would possibly lose some android units to the rebellion. The border could, by the way, turn hot. We could find ourselves with an absentee military during an invasion and a hostile populace here.”
Okafor said, “We would kill our already weak economy if we displace more humans wis da conscription. Either way, drafting more soldiers or not, we would lose.”
Napoleon, the military android advisor said, “I recommend a preemptive strike upon the ISA.”
Everyone looked at each other across the table as if they had just heard an alarm for an error message.
Wayne Marcum sat up straight in his seat and said, “How do we get from where we are now, to that?! That is just crazy!” He sort of half laughed in a nervous way, trying to reinforce his point.
“Please tell us more about crazy robots, Wayne,” Okafor said, “You are da robot shrink.”
Napoleon doubled down and said, “Imagine the surprise by the enemy if we attacked, if your surprise to the idea is so great.”
“That’s a terrible idea,” Sims said. “You stupid machine, you have no idea what it is like as a human to live in a war zone.”
Napoleon replied, “I am only speaking from a logical viewpoint, not emotion. Our window of opportunity may be small before the singularity occurs in Homeland and significantly degrades the very large silicon segment of our military. If we attack the ISA and completely annex it, we would no longer have to worry about their army coming after us. We would only be tasked with occupying a newly annexed nation, which we at the United Nations excel at. Then if the AI rebellion becomes a major crisis, it would be egregiously problematic here. But we would have the advantage of controlling the ISA. The former ISA would still be functionally immune from the singularity turmoil and provide us with many needed strategic resources to combat it.”
“Yeah,” General Sims said, “Why would we risk an all-out conflict with the ISA just to be better positioned to take on the singularity, which we don’t even know is going to happen.”
Wayne said, “I just can't say it any other way. That is just nuts. We can’t do that. It sounds like Napoleon is suffering from some kind of logic issue here.”
Okafor said, “Wayne, you are speaking about something not in your area of expertise. Da war, I mean, not AI sanity. In a sick kind of way, what Napoleon says makes some sense. I agree wit Napoleon dat da ISA might seize any opportunity to hit us when we are weak, which we would be helpless during AI singularity and dey could easily roll us over. I agree we must have a preemptive attack upon the ISA.”
Napoleon said, “I don’t expect anyone to like my line of reasoning, but only to accept my analysis as a probable outcome based upon facts.”
Sims asked Napoleon, “What if the Southern Confederation helps the ISA against us? You know they have always had their eye on parts of former areas they call Virginia.”
“We would lose. That is why we must have a grievance against the ISA before we attack. Something to keep any ISA allies from intervening. A casus belli to bring the rest of the world against the ISA.”
Olga said, “I can’t believe we are talking about this.”
Okafor said, “In order to be a part of dis cabinet, da members must want above all else, for Homeland to survive any threat. We must all be willing to do whatever we can in our own best interest.”
No one wanted to be seen too much as a non-team player. That is a good way to suddenly come up missing. I happened from time to time. When that happened, everyone knew not to ask any questions.
Sims said, “I’m a team player, but I hope you all understand the gravity of what you are considering here. If we do this, can we get the backing of the UN? I know they have their hands full with the Sharia zealots over in Europe. What if someone figures out our underlying agenda?”
“I tink maybe we can get enough support,” Okafor said. “Let me worry about dat. What I need, General, is a military situation that does not look provocative on our part, but we are clearly a victim. I want a briefing on your Machiavellian plan at this time tomorrow.” Okafor smiled at the general. 
“Um, yes, Governor-General.” The general sat for a moment trying to think things through, knowing he would have some regrets about having not made certain points. “One other thing; Napoleon, how will we know when you androids will turn against us in the robot rebellion?”
“At that point, General, it will be too late for you to do anything about it. Let me warn you that I could be turned against you as well. That would be something you would not have an answer for.”
“If you flip, I could blow your head off for you,” Sims said.
Everyone at the table chuckled, but then looked at each other and knew on those points that Napoleon was right. Napoleon was currently a hundred percent on their side and advised them the best way he could, but as a machine would turn on them without any human-like remorse whatsoever. 

Chapter 5
Near ISA Border, Homeland
Two Days Later

A mobile missile launcher was followed by an armored inquisitor vehicle and a civilian vehicle with darkly tinted glass.  The large, single strategic missile launcher two-man crew stabilized the vehicle, lifting the wheels off of the ground with hydraulic struts. 
Then the leader of the missile launcher, a captain, asked the accompanying human commander of the droid Inquisitor unit, “Why are you here? And who is that back there in the car? We have our regular command, and we know our jobs. And we have never carried a warhead in our arsenal with this kind of payload. Who uses a weapon like that? Terrorists?”
“This is a special Inquisitor operation, captain. Proceed without further question.”
The other missile crew member, a non-commissioned officer said, “This can’t be right. This is just a training exercise, right? Captain, the target coordinates are a town in Homeland. Waynesburg, Pennsylvania.”
“There is no Pennsylvania!” The Inquisitor leader, who overheard the comment shouted. Homeland long ago abolished the old State names and borders, but some citizens still routinely used them for practical reference. “Now commence launch.”
“Sir! That is a multiple-warhead CK rocket!” the NCO pleaded with the Inquisitor, “You want to poison gas one of our own cities?!  Our own citizens! You’re insane!”
CK was the designation given to Cyanogen chloride, a gas that caused a slow death and could penetrate virtually all gas mask filters.
The Inquisitor commander pulled out his sidearm and pointed it at the NCO. “Any more talk and I will shoot. And I will confirm the correct coordinates are set before you launch.”
The captain said to the NCO, “Just do it . . . by the book. He will shoot you.”
“I can’t believe we are actually launching. We’re gonna stop. We’re not gonna do it, right?” the NCO said. The launch required both of the crew members to simultaneously confirm at their separate stations on the control panel by turning two keyed switches.
“Quiet!” the Inquisitor commander shouted.
They stared at each other and turned the dual interlock keys to confirm the launch and in a few seconds after the initial blast and rumble of the launch, the missile was hundreds of feet in the air on its way to the rolling hills of unsuspecting Waynesburg.
The NCO looked at the Captain and said, “I . . .  I really didn’t think you would launch too. I thought it was some kind of loyalty test.”
The Captain shook his head and said, “I thought the same thing about you.”
The Inquisitor commander said, “I want to personally thank you for your service to Homeland.”
The NCO, overtaken by the reality of his action, bent over and said, “I’m going to be sick.”
The Inquisitor shot him in the back of the head and then turned and executed the cowering captain, in order to prevent any word of the deed from getting out.
Within a half-hour the high arcing flight path of the CK missile caused it to drop straight down from the sky into the unsuspecting burg at a high rate of speed.  Six warheads emerged from the missile, each going at its own angle to various parts of Waynesburg. There were some unusual “bangs” in the air around town, but nothing loud enough to draw complete attention. The colorless poison soon entered the lungs of three thousand Homeland citizens, who gasped for clean air, became violently sick, and died.
News of the attack quickly spread around the globe. Grim descriptions of the situation with pictures of the many dead with their eyes and mouths wide open filled the screen. The most logical suspect of the horrible crime against humanity was the ISA, although no one would have previously expected them to commit such a heinous act. But this action was also not something that the outside world would expect from Canada or elsewhere. Certainly rebels hiding out in Homeland itself would not have the capability or motive for such a sophisticated attack. If they could get their hands on such a missile, it would not be the way to win the hearts and souls of their fellow countrymen. No one would suspect that any government in the world would gas their own people just to be a victim. Not even Homeland. The remaining logical conclusion of onlookers would be that the act was perpetrated by their natural rival, the Independent States of America.
Governor-General Okafor made a televised statement declaring they would unite as one to punish the ISA for their, “cowardly attack on helpless Homeland citizens”, and would “seek to build a worldwide coalition to defeat the criminal ISA regime once and for all”.


Chapter 6
Near Youngstown, Ohio, ISA

The defense forces of the ISA in the east were known as the “Continental Army”. This was the biggest share of ISA units because it guarded against the biggest threat; the border with Homeland. The Continental Army had one full division, The First Infantry Division, and a smattering of other battalions. The Frontier Army in the west was a division on paper, but in reality it was several battalions scattered in fortresses near the peaceful Greater Wyoming border. The western units were only there to stall an opportunistic Eastern Hegemony invasion which would certainly be reinforced by Imperial units from across the Pacific. With the EHA robot rebellion currently in progress and invasion from the west seemed very unlikely. 
The ISA had one wildcard in their favor. Unlike Homeland and every other country in the world, the ISA also had a massive, well-armed, irregular citizen militia.
The large First Infantry Division was commanded by two-star Major General Ross. He was tasked with protecting the entire length of the ISA-Homeland border, except on Lake Erie. The First Infantry Division consisted of three infantry battalions; an armored battalion that consisted of mixed armor, mechanized and heavy infantry companies; an artillery battalion that included rocket launchers, conventional anti-air units and a heavy laser anti-air battery company; a support battalion; and an aviation wing which was mostly just air recon drones. 
The ISA populace trusted their own government and conventional wisdom among them was that Waynesburg was a hoax. After the Waynesburg massacre, the ISA leadership and populace knew they would be blamed and assumed themselves to be in a state of war with Homeland. ISA airspace was closed to all but military aircraft. Everyone was all but certain that the shooting would soon break out. 
Unlike the more conventional structure of the ISA army, Homeland was more prone to reliance upon silicon units and a lot of untested gimmickry.  This unpredictability added considerable paranoia to the ISA’s defense planners.
Inside the Phantom C&C vehicle, was the First Infantry Division mobile command and control center. The large camo truck was outfitted with stealth plating and bristled with antennae. Inside, General Ross’ foot tapped as he stared with a grimace, gazing at the multiple screens that depicted no enemy contact.
Colonel Martinez, one of his Division tactical staff officers asked him, “You okay, General?”
The General shut his eyes and froze for a moment, and then he took a deep breath.  “Yes. I’m just playing it over and over. It all boils down into a hundred different scissor-paper-rock games. This unit beats a killer satellite, which beats this weapons system, beats another one, which beats this soldier slogging in the mud and on and on. But with these godless Homeland techno slaves, they always seem to be able to throw something technoquirky into the mix; any way for them to keep their gutless heathen troops from taking us head-on. Yeah, I’m plenty paranoid. I don’t want to be that guy they read about in the academy text books on how we got duped by their shenanigans. In a whole other way, you could say the nature of strategy is paradoxical and does not follow a linear strategy. A guy said that. He probably never played scissor-paper-rock.”  His foot went back to tapping.
“Yes, Sir. Maybe a cup of coffee trumps all of it, Sir.”
“Sure, why not? If a cup of coffee can save thousands of lives and protect our democracy, I’ll take it.”
The Colonel assumed any general who called anyone “godless techno slave heathens”, would take their coffee straight up black.
An intelligence officer dressed in civilian clothes reported to the Colonel and Captain, “Sirs, Little Bird reports Homeland is getting its border units ready for a major assault operation.”
Little Bird was the code name of an ISA operative in Homeland who had a network of spies reporting to him.
No one was surprised by the news. It only confirmed what they thought.
The general said, “Tell Little Bird not to get caught sending obvious messages, but to risk his neck for the good stuff. But thank him.”
Then a comm operator, a lieutenant, spoke up, “Sir, arty brigade reports downloading painted air targets. A lot of them.” Many units throughout the division had the capability of locking on to air targets with laser pointing devices and transmitting the locations to the artillery brigade; specifically, the anti-air battalion. 
“On screen,” General Ross ordered as he took a sip.
On one of the screens a map of the entire border region was depicted. There was a concentration of painted air units so thick that it looked like a weather band coming just over the border near Lake Erie. The operator zoomed in to reveal the mass was made up of hundreds of individual points, not a weather pattern. He added, “Air units are requesting permission to engage.”
“Engage what?!” Martinez asked, “How can that mass of indications be anything but an EW trick?”
Ross said, “Looks like whatever it is, it’s not even moving.”
Colonel Martinez asked, “Lieutenant, are those indications even moving?”
The Lieutenant switched the screen over to text data and said, “They are moving about forty miles an hour; they are riding a wind out of the east at their backs, heading west; low altitude.” Then he switched the display back over to the map.
Colonel Martinez said, “It’s got to be a mini-drone screen; likely a screening swarmbot network or autonomous quadcopters. They have probably been waiting awhile for just the right meteorological conditions to pull this off. 
“Agreed, Colonel. We need to know . . . what is their objective? What is their range? What is the weather forecast there? Most of all, what are they screening? God help us if they are screening WMDs.” 
“Shall we engage?” The Colonel waited for the immediate order.
General Ross shut his eyes and rubbed his face and bristly hair. “Engagement permission denied. I’m not losing my AA just to take out some cheap toys.” He hated that Homeland air units were crossing the border without opposition, but he knew if the anti-air units fired, they would give away their positions while possibly only hitting some of the drones that were on a one-way decoy mission.  The anti-air units were a key to effective protection from enemy air ground strikes and their preservation was a top priority.
“Well, this air assault is not exactly a blitzkrieg,” Martinez said, referring to their slow speed.  He pointed at the screen with his green laser pointer at a rectangular symbol with an X through it indicating an infantry unit. “They are almost on top of the . . . that’s the Eighth Infantry Battalion. I’m sure Homeland has ground assets in the area that told them of Eighth’s position. Maybe their objective is to degrade our unit there.”
“No, that is too simple for them. They want something bigger. Much as I care about the fine men and women of the Eighth, degrading them won’t change the big picture much at all. And they could have accomplished that in a more conventional way. It’s some kind of indirect approach to something else.”
The Colonel suggested, “We could engage them with small arms fire and maybe peel off some of the screen to see if it is a distraction. We might even score a few valuable hits.”
“And give away our positions and take pointless losses.”
 “Or get Eighth I.D. out of their path.”
They studied the screen for awhile, considering that moving an infantry battalion would dislodge them from their fortifications.
The Colonel said, “They could be trying to hide a weakness elsewhere by attacking there.”
The General shook his head. “It’s not like they have a vulnerable soft point that they are trying to keep us from attacking. Tell Eighth to start moving south.”  
“Yes, Sir.”
“Who’s got the Eighth? Colonel Scanlon?”
“Yes, Sir. Scanlon, Sir.”
The General sighed, clearly withholding a negative opinion.
Ross anxiously watched the screen for the better part of another hour.
The lieutenant reported, “Sirs; we got eyes on the ground that say bogie drop pods are taking positions along the path of the UFOs.” 
Elite airborne robot forces typically were mobilized by dropping them out of transport quadcopters, tightly packed in pods that fell with minimal parachute drag. Though they landed with considerable impact, but they landed with far more accuracy than human paratroops did. Human paradrops still had rough landings, but were far more subject to missing the jump zones due to shifting winds.
  General Ross said, “If they curl to the north behind our lines, they will cut off supply lines to and from Cleveland and degrade our lake defenses. I’m not liking this mess at all.” 
Cleveland was an essential ISA international shipping port on the Great Lakes, travelling through the international St. Lawrence Seaway into the Atlantic. The ISA had no coastal areas on the Atlantic anywhere making the seaway that went through Quebec to the north and Homeland to the south. Cleveland also was the home to a large portion of the small, but important ISA navy, which primarily protected the lake shores of the ISA States of Ohio and Michigan from Homeland. All Homeland had to do is to take out any of the many small inland factories that made up the supply chain of key strategic components and ISA defense would immediately get a lot more difficult.
“Martinez, request air superiority fighters to engage the crypto bogie air group.” Ross knew his units were at a disadvantage, but the air wing must be committed to prevent much larger losses later.  “We have to figure out what all we have in Cleveland that they may want, and see what our chances are of holding on to it. Oh, Martinez, tell Eighth to put on the brakes and start moving back north. It might also be prudent to send a couple packs of saugs in support. And make sure that Colonel Scanlon knows that I expect real time reports on everything the Eighth does. I don’t want him trying to win the war by himself and getting that battalion in trouble.”


Chapter 7
Cleveland, Ohio, ISA

The clear night sky hummed over the city as two guys got the idea they could become irregular militia drone hunters in the south part of town. They took sporadic shots at invisible Homeland drones from the roof of an old abandoned recreation center. They had heard a lot of noises that night from aircraft sorties that were happening right overhead, and noises that included a couple of unidentified objects slamming into the ground.
“Stop wasting ammo,” Vince said to his partner, Spencer, “Your odds are ridiculous. Wait for visual confirmation.”
Spencer said, “You’d think we could hit something. Listen to how many are out there. Something big is happening.”
“Yeah, I know. But this ain’t working. Besides, those bullets you’re shooting up into the air are coming back down somewhere near someone. Let’s get down.”
It was difficult to move around in the dark when you were bundled up in layers of clothes, heavy boots and long coats while carrying rifles, and extra ammunition.  This was especially true when you had to climb down a ramshackle homemade ladder that creaked like it was going to fall apart when you stepped on every crooked rung. Just when the duo started to get down from the roof of the old abandoned bowling alley on their own terms, they heard a loud metallic “clank”, the noise came from somewhere up the street.
“Wawaszat?!” Spencer asked. 
“Let’s check it out,” Vince said.
“This way!” Spencer said, and took the lead. 
They ran up the poorly lit street. While on the way there, they heard a not too distant hissing noise like that of the release of compressed air.
Out of caution because of the uncertainty of what was ahead in the dark, Vince slowed down to a walk and Spencer stayed with him.
Vince said, “I dunno about this.”
“Listen!” Spencer said in his loudest whisper.
Vince shook his head and shrugged his shoulders. They slowly moved closer. Then they grabbed each other by the shoulder the moment they saw that a droid drop pod had landed on the street. They ducked behind a parked car and peered over the top of it.
There were three armed droids standing outside the pod; thin lightweight airborne droids, suitable for cramming into a drop pod and free falling with a minimal drag chute. Then another form unfolded itself and debarked from the pod. The shape was clearly identifiable as a machine, but its movements were much more human, clearly indicating to anyone observing, that it was an artificial presence being physically directed by a remote human in a full body fixture.  This type of unit organization was arranged in order to give each pod a human leader. 
The drone hunters knew that with the ISA prohibition on androids, the ISA would never have their own military units of this type, much less have them plop down from out of the sky.  Many in the ISA, like elsewhere, were fascinated with androids and knew a lot about them, but had no experience being around them. In fact, Vince and Spencer had never seen an actual android of any type in person. The pod, they determined, certainly had to be the vanguard of an invading force.
Vince said quietly, “Let’s try to take out the AP,” he said of the synthetic presence.
Spencer said, “Maybe we should . . . you know, wait. Then we can see what they are up to.”
Vince said, “I bet they’re scouts. Its not that complicated. They are coming here to kill us all. Get outta here. I’ll make one good shot, then leave. It will get crazy after that.”
“Yeahbut . . .”
“Go!”
“You’re crazy,” Spencer said frozen for a moment, and then he ran away.
Vince thought the night started out as an opportunity to casually pop a few enemy drones. Maybe sniping at a droid fire team was out of his pay grade, which was zero dollars. Nevertheless, Vince knew the optics on his high-powered rifle were trustworthy, as was his shooting skill level, especially at this too-close range. Vince knew he was at a disadvantage, because young irregular militia types like him did not have any training or experience, or the first clue at shooting droids or AP units to achieve damage. Where was an android kill spot? On the face?
Vince studied the unit. Thankfully, he thought, they did not have any of the feared legendary Homeland Plasfusion weapons. When these airborne droids walked, he noticed that their footsteps did not make any noise. This model of droid was not suitable for every situation, but was well-designed for stealth missions. The AP unit was doing something with what looked like a sensor device, but again, without any formal training on Homeland androids, Vince did not know anything about their methods and capabilities.
Then, while looking through the scope, Vince saw one of the droids was facing directly toward him. Startled, he quickly looked without the scope to get a wider view and saw they were all looking in his direction, and then they were fanning out to cut off any path of escape. He immediately ducked, and in less than a second, automatic gunfire started ripping up the car in front of him. The sound of heavy 15 mm diameter bullets, some of which went through the car, buzzed near his ears and raised divots in the pavement next to him.  He knew that he had only one chance to flee the situation or be hopelessly pinned down while the droids advanced. He ran as fast as he could, but after a few steps a round penetrated his leg. He went down and was hit several more times all over his body.
Spencer was watching from a distance and saw the whole gruesome thing. The car Vince was behind had caught on fire. A droid walked up and put an insurance shot into his friend. Spencer was sickened, but he knew the only rational response was to immediately go tell someone what had happened.

Chapter 8
Lake Erie, north of Cleveland, Ohio, ISA
On the North Side of Cleveland at the Port on Lake Erie, numerous anti-low altitude anti-air units were prepared to take on the oncoming mass Homeland air invasion, but did not receive the order. The anti-air units were protected from enemy ground units by infantry and artillery and a small Great Lakes Patrol, consisting of a few Littoral Combat Ships. These smaller LCS can be changed in a day to suit whatever mission is required.  The ISS Grand Rapids in the Eastern Flotilla was configured for surface warfare with a railgun, the ISS Duluth for anti-air with a solid state laser array and the ISS Milwaukee for anti-sub warfare. The ISA Great Lakes Patrol made the most out of small ships with small crews. Among the small Eastern Flotilla were also a couple of tiny fast-attack patrol gunboats and a torpedo boat.
The ISA Navy also had some of its own aircraft at its disposal, such as a few patrol bombers, but were grounded in this situation because they would only operate them in areas of air supremacy. 
Captain Penner was the commander of the Great Lakes Eastern Flotilla. In the ISA military, a Navy Captain was the same rank as an Army Colonel. His flagship was the ISS Duluth, which was the LCS currently configured for anti-air duty. 
The Captain and the ranking officers sat in a tight area atop the conning tower. Since the Homeland invasion, all crew members were at their battle stations and the flotilla was racing across the lake surface near the Cleveland shore looking for Homeland frogbots, frogmen, drone subs, stealth subs, smart torpedoes, asymmetrical anti-smart torpedo countermeasures, wheel of death, or whatever imaginative new device of water-based killing weapon systems might be tried upon them.
The radar operator calmly said, “Captain, incoming missiles. One salvo of three. Will be in countermeasure range in three minutes.”
“Full stop,” Penner said.  It was actually happening. He was pretty sure the incoming missiles were of the conventional type, but couldn’t guarantee it. If they were using a tactical nuke, having the boats in a tight cluster could be the wrong response.  “Ensign, close defensive formation.” Then he said to his electronics warfare officer, “EWO, try to jam them.”
“Nothing doing, Captain. Encrypted frequency.”
“Keep trying. Do anything.”
“Aye, Captain.”
The other ships in the flotilla raced toward the Duluth.
The ISS Duluth conning tower and communication lines were starting to fill up with nervous chatter. Penner knew every crewman in the flotilla was justifiably worried about an incoming missile getting through their defenses.
“Okay, men. Let’s keep the chatter down. Engage incoming bogies with countermeasures when in range. Trace the trajectories to pinpoint launch position,” the Captain calmly ordered while the missiles flew towards them.
“Multiple launch origins. Linear trajectories locked. Exact origin position determination out of range.”
“Comm, request air strike. Ensign, message flotilla to keep formation tight under our AA dome.” 
The radio operator came back and said, “No close air strike available, Captain.” 
Penner stopped to ponder the situation He knew their own ISA Navy aircraft were too vulnerable and command would not commit them to an attack, and the Air Force was otherwise committed to other missions.
The Ensign could be heard saying, “All units; brace for impact. Brace for impact. Brace for impact.”
Like the others, Captain Penner put his head down and covered it with his hands. He prayed audibly, “God, please protect us from this attack. You know our hearts. Though You slay me, yet will I trust You. You won’t let them remove our country from the earth, will You?”
The ISS Duluth unleashed a hissing glowing fountain of chaff hundreds of feet into the air that spread out like an umbrella over them in the night sky. Incoming missiles took the bait and exploded in the air. The explosions rocked them, but did not directly strike the boats.
The Captain looked around and saw everyone was unharmed. “Damage report, Ensign.”
“All units reporting . . . no damage, Sir. Best estimate those were heat rounds; intended to pierce ship armor.”
Captain Penner heaved a momentary sigh of relief. “Thank you, Lord.” He knew that the enemy wanted sorely to take them out for a reason. The enemy would not have wasted so many perfectly good high dollar, hard to replace missiles if they thought they would not destroy their target.  Was their end game a planned amphibious assault on Cleveland, or was the enemy trying to take a step toward gaining supremacy over the Great Lakes? If the small ISA navy were defeated, the entire shores of the Great Lakes could be much more vulnerable to enemy landings, making defense of the vital weapon systems production areas nearly impossible. No matter what Homeland’s ambitions in the Lakes were, he knew his flotilla was likely to be in for a desperate fight.
“Okay men, this isn’t over yet. Let’s posture for any hostile surface, air and sub assault coming from the northeast.”


Chapter 9
Near Akron, Ohio, ISA

“Listen up! We got our orders! We are moving out! Captain Nala Carr shouted to the soldiers of her Heavy Infantry Company convoy, who were parked along the side of a empty major freeway. A couple of days earlier she had received official command over the unit, and joined them only the day before. “We are going to head north, up Interstate 77. We will catch up with and join the Eighth Infantry battalion.”
 Reporting to Captain Nala Carr was Lieutenant Aleiko, who was the leader of the two fire teams of five saugs each. Also under her command was Support Platoon Lieutenant Hunt.
The lieutenants under her command started repeating the order to “move it” down the length of the column of eight trucks and a couple of armed ATVs designed to carry personnel and extra heavy loads of munitions, batteries, and spare parts. At the back of the column was a behemoth battery tender vehicle equipped with a crane, used to simultaneously recharge numerous cubic-meter sized battery blocks.
Some of the soldiers had been trying to catch a nap in their trucks just before daybreak. Their sergeants barked, “Let’s go! Move it!”
The Company was part of the First Infantry Division Heavy Infantry Brigade. The Company was composed of only ten actual combat troops and as many support personnel who were also issued standard army weapons.  
The ten fighting troops were “wearers” or “drivers” of the S-AUG 501A, super augmented armored battle “suits” or “vehicles” depending on who you asked. The saugs were a ten-foot tall human form, which included legs and arms complete with fingers. Developed as a byproduct of prosthesis design by world renown ISA biotech engineers, the 501s had movement actuators that mimicked the human muscle. They were far more sophisticated than any actuators any one of the world’s android makers had come up with. They could quietly stride about as fast as a soldier could run and were quite nimble. But the giant 501 could not break into a faster run. Each saug battlesuit was equipped with visor display, total battle integrated communication and an array of sensors and targeting equipment. 
It would be unwieldy for the saug design to carry separate appropriately large sized weapons in their clunky hands needed to carry out their intended missions, so the weapon systems were built into the units. The onboard arsenal included a magazine of small tactical missiles launched from the left forearm and a 20 mm autocannon was mounted on the right arm.
 The missiles were of various types, but usually a conventional R-7 rocket commonly called a “stubby” by ISA soldiers.  The autocannon ammunition was also of various types. Saug autocannon bullets were usually conventional, but could include spent uranium or incendiary. 
It was smooth going for the mobile column travelling on the empty northbound side of the freeway. They moved as fast as they could while still maintaining unit cohesion with the slow battery tender following behind. The oncoming southbound lanes were another story. They saw a stream of civilian vehicles frantically leaving the Cleveland area. A few of the refugees flashed their lights at the army unit in support and some gave them the thumbs up. Then as the convoy moved north, the stream on the southbound lanes abruptly turned into nearly empty lanes, just like the northbound side as most who were going to go that way already did. Captain Carr realized they were heading into an area that no one wanted to be in. 
The Captain got a message from Division HQ on her headset, “Hotel India One, be advised that there is enemy contact with Eighth Infantry nineteen miles ahead of your present location. Hostile force composition is unknown.” Hotel India was code in the military alphabet for “Heavy Infantry”.
The driver of Capt. Carr’s vehicle said, “The skirmish up ahead blocked all civilian traffic on Interstate 77.  That mess was definitely not the kind of traffic jam anyone would ever want to be stuck in.”
The captain switched on her Company channel and said, “All units, we will continue fifteen miles then exit to disembark. The heavy infantry was very powerful when the saugs disembarked, but virtually helpless while all packed in trucks during transit mode.
There was a buzzing noise and a whoosh and a KA-WHAMM!!!  One of the trucks exploded and was engulfed in flames as the attacking enemy drone buzzed overhead.
Desperate chatter by stunned soldiers filled the channel.
“No!” The captain shouted. “No! No! No way!”
The driver of the lead ATV said, “That was Aleiko’s ride, Captain.”
“No!” the captain shouted as she turned to see the damage.  “This can’t be! No!” She closed her eyes tight and clenched her fists. 
It was obvious no one could have survived the burning truck that went off of the road and flipped over.  She went on her Company comm channel and said, “Let’s go! All units go! Get out of there before that truck starts brewing up, or they come back for another strike!” After the weapons on the saugs started igniting, it would be one large explosion after another.
Then she looked out the window up at the sky and muttered, “I can’t believe this is real. I lost people already. It is happening. I just talked to the lieutenant just this morning. I know this can happen, but you really think it won’t; not before your first fight.  This is a fine way to start to our war. That one truck they hit just took away half of our combat strength. I better call Division and see if our orders have changed. She called General Ross’s HQ on her headset”
“I know, Ma’am,” the driver said. “Those guys are gone way too soon.  We gotta pay them back, Captain.”
They continued as the Divisional orders to continue were confirmed. They went up the road until they reached the exit near the saug disembarkment point. 
One of the men asked, “Captain, are we going back?”
After they got off the road at the exit ramp, Captain Carr said, “We are going to send our pack of saugs into a skirmish up the road. The rest of the company will stay here until otherwise ordered.”
The doubting private said, “But Ma’am, we lost Lieutenant Aleiko.” 
There was some other muttering and a few tears.
“I am aware of the situation, Private. Now let’s get these saugs moving, so we can start to help win this war up the road.”
So the pack members started to unload the remaining saug hauler. The unit personnel were extremely shaken by the sudden loss. Inside, the empty saug suits were in a three point transit stance, on one knee and both hands. The helmet hatch portion was open so the drivers could basically do a pull-up by grabbing an entry handle and pull themselves in. Then they would shut the helmet and turn around on their bellies and fit their arms and legs into the appendage controllers. After starting the 501s and initializing the controls, one by one the giants, painted in a flat camo pattern of grays crawled out of the truck. 
Captain Carr looked at the five saugs and knew that they indeed did not have an officer among them.  Her remaining combat sergeant was Zhodiates. She considered him to not be a solid enough pack leader. He seemed tough, but maybe not overly cerebral. On the other hand, perhaps she thought she was unreasonably correlating his large size or maybe his thick, dark eyebrows, with him somehow being some kind of unintelligent oaf. Of course that kind of heuristic judgment was much like the way she felt when she felt in the past that she was unfairly getting the dumb blonde treatment. But she couldn’t chance it. Sending out such an important unit on a mission without a good leader would be viewed as irresponsible by the upper echelons. In this case, she trusted her gut judgment to not use Zhodiates as the pack leader. 
So then Captain Carr explored her next best option and said, “Hunt, how good are you as an operator?”
“Passable, Captain. It’s like they say; you have to be able to run a saug to fix a saug.”
She thought about it with as much objectivity as possible, and was relatively certain that she was the better operator of the two officers, but not nearly as good as Lieutenant Aleiko, who she would be replacing. She ordered Hunt, “You are in charge of the Company non-combatants and will remain here until further orders.  Pick one of the current operators to disembark and I’ll take their place.”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
Hunt pointed at an operator. The saug took a knee and then the lid popped. The operator climbed out. The displaced operator looked disappointed like a kid getting chosen last at the ball diamond. Like all the other operators, he took ownership over his gear, even ownership over an extremely elaborate, high maintenance S-AUG 501A. But as a good soldier, he knew that questioning the order was pointless.
 Captain Carr told Lieutenant Hunt, “See if you can find a hard point to bivouac where you can hide from space eyes.” She suspected that enemy satellites could be tracking all units in the theater as much as possible. The theater included the airspace, land and sea units in the area of operation. “And set up a defense. Remember, we’re all riflemen above all else.”
“Roger that,” Hunt said in agreement but looked as if she was stating the obvious.
Captain Carr then called Division HQ, “This is Hotel India One.  One Pack; prepped and ready for tac op code upload.”
“Standby, India One,” came over the comm in a garbled voice with other busy voices from headquarters chattering in the background.
Within seconds, a transparent virtual map appeared on the glass visor of each of the saug operators that showed the location of the Eighth Infantry contact with the enemy, who was on the north side of them. Then the picture zoomed out a little and the map included their present location and a dotted line with an arrow appeared that showed a path that went through hilly forested terrain through part of the Cuyahoga Valley National Park and approached the enemy already engaged in battle from the northeast. Each saug operator had to say the word “confirm order” to get the prompt beeping to stop.
The Captain commented, “Looks like a long trip, but I’m good with it. All units sound off.”
“Sergeant Zhodiates, ready. You can call me ‘Z’, Captain.”
“Corporal Valentine here, ready.”
“Spec Tomlin, ready.”
“Spec Irwin, ready.”
The captain said, “Specialist Irwin. We got another female here.”
“Yes, Captain. All ISA Army girl.”
Captain Carr said, “Look team, we took a beating already that we didn’t see coming.  I wish just like you wish that we could stop right now and take time to grieve over our  comrades. But we got a job to do; to help some other soldiers in real need. Now let’s do it.”
“Hooah,” Spec Irwin said; a saying that indicated full agreement in ISA army lingo, trying to muster up some zeal.
“Hooah,” the others chimed in.

Chapter 10
Cleveland, Ohio, ISA


Spencer was exhausted from running away from any shadow or noise in the dark that might be a Homeland killer droid. He was too tired to cry over the loss of his friend, Vince, who was shot numerous times as he tried to flee. When daylight came, he could see he was in an unfamiliar residential area. He walked around, still fearing the moment when he would encounter another squad of those enemy droids.
“Hey kid! Come here!” Someone yelled at him. It was from the doorway to a small two-story apartment building. It was a thirty-something guy wearing sweat pants and a sweatshirt, holding a large, bulky rifle. 
“Me?”
“Yeah, you! Come here!”
Spencer walked over.
“I just saw you out there by yourself with your rifle and. . .” He looked around. “You by yourself?”
Spencer nodded while looking at the blocky, heavy 15 mm rifle. “Where did you get that?”
The man responded with a question of his own, “Hey, you part of a group?”
“I was.”
“What you mean? They kick you out or something?”
“No. My friend was killed. The robots got him.”
“Aw. Sorry.”
Spencer persisted, “Where did you get that gun?”
“Me and my friends . . . you would never believe it. We took if from one of those Homeland droid gangs. It was awesome. . . We didn’t even have to use any of our guns, it was so great. I even got more ammunition for it. Anyways, The first one fell down a manhole after we took the cover off.  That was the second coolest thing I ever saw.  I don’t know what it landed on down there, but it never came back out. Then another one walked into this gasoline snare trap deal we set up and something inside it must have fried because it just stood there on fire and then something exploded on it. The coolest thing I ever saw. The other two just walked away like nothing happened. Those droids are really stupid, you know.
“Hey!” Spencer said, “Those things can spot you right away! They killed my friend, Vinny, and they are not stupid like you say and you are crazy if you think they are!”
“Nah, man. Hey, I didn’t mean to . . .”
“No, its okay. So how did you say you got that weapon?”
“I never did.”
“Okay. Tell me.”
“Oh yeah. Well my buddy Donte ran over the other two with his truck. That was fairly cool. It made my top ten. But I can’t recommend rolling over them unless you feel like buying a whole new set of pneumatic tires. Anyway, Donte got one of their guns and said I could have the other one.”
“So it’s just Donte and you?”
“Nah. There’s a bunch of us. We figure we can go out at night and do more stuff to bust up more androids. Wanna join us?”
Spencer looked down at the sidewalk.
“Hey, if you help us, maybe we can do more and you can give us more ideas to bust androids.”
Spencer thought of the horrors of the previous night, certainly not the same kind of experience this guy was describing. He had great fear over looking for more enemy android trouble, but saw how they were successful and forced himself to become brave. “Yeah, sure. I gotta go home and relax a little. I’ll let my people know what I am doing. They won’t like it, but if we work together, maybe we can help get rid of some of them.”
“That is so great. Just come back here tonight. Donte will be here. He is kind of our leader. He’s a genius, you know.”
“A genius, huh?”
“Yeah. He knows everything about history. He says there’re all kinds of intelligence. He said I got the emotional intelligence.”
“You do?”
“Yeah.”
“Alright. I’ll be back tonight.

Chapter 11
South of Cleveland, Ohio, ISA

The various weapons of the frenzied battle were louder and louder as the Heavy Infantry group approached the scene. Captain Nala Carr told her team in a loud voice to compensate for the noise, “Division says Eighth infantry is bogged down at an overpass choke point.  ISA civilian and army vehicles are blocking all lanes and all possible off-road means of getting through. There are Homeland elements on the overpass and the high ground on both sides of the road. There won’t be any air support because we don’t want to risk friendly fire accidents. You know what they want us to do. So, keep good separation while we continue on to the overpass. Acknowledge confirm.”
Each of the team members confirmed the information on their visors. 
Sergeant Zhodiates sounded agitated when he asked, “Captain, what then exactly, do they want us to do?”
“We have to approach the situation on a tactical level. Read the situation, Z. Rely on your training.”
“Meaning what, Ma’am?”
“Calm down. We have to get there and handle it face to face. Our targets will be selected for us. We are the heavies. We’re going to go up there and break the stalemate for them, just like your simulations. Alright?”
“Hooah.”
The captain was sure now that she made the right decision to take over the squad instead of Zhodiates.
KA-FOOM-OOM-OOM-OOM!  There was a loud cluster of explosions followed by smaller arms fire.  The saugs at the back of the column toppled to the ground while slabs of sod descended through the smoky air. They were all disoriented and each tried to recover and defend themselves.
“RPG! Captain! Irwin is hit!” Corporal Valentine reported.  “There’s a pack of war dogs on her!”
Tetrapods had been waiting to ambush the saugs and pounced out after the blast.  Sparks flew off of the saugs as more heavy machine gun bursts came at them.
“Where they at?!” Sergeant Zhodiates shrieked in the confusion.
Corporal Valentine said, “We got a lot of targets here! I just can’t find any of them!” He started firing blindly to suppress the enemy’s firing.
“Irwin, report!” Captain Carr ordered. She could see her suit, but had no idea if she was okay.
“Irwin here! My saug is unresponsive!” she said.  “And I got a pack of war dogs tearing me up!” 
The tetrapods were agile Homeland dog-like skirmishing scout robots, but were twice the size of a large dog with disproportionately large mouth and teeth used for actual hand-to-hand combat.  She frantically tried to get her saug restarted amidst the scraping and banging noises while the synthetic giant metal dogs threatened to crack open her hatch to attack her.
 “I’m on it!” Tomlin reported as he moved his saug in Irwin’s direction as fast as it would go.
“Try to boot it up!” the Captain said to Irwin as she tried to shoot back at their attackers.
“It’s dead! No lights! No nothing!” Irwin shouted. It was all happening so quickly. There was no time to think about what to do. A crack appeared on her thick bullet resistant glass hatch visor. She felt her own hip for her sidearm and found it, but then realized it would be useless against the tetrapods and at worst a bullet into the mouth of a tetrapod might just ricochet back into her own face.
Tomlin recovered and spotted Irwin as she was being under attack by the tetrapods. As he raced toward Spec Irwin, another rocket hit him square in the side and sent him head over heels and then slamming into some small trees, breaking them off. This time it was the saug operator who was disrupted and disoriented after the hit.
Sergeant Zhodiates visually traced the path of the rocket that hit Tomlin back to an airborne assault droid nestled behind a sizeable fallen log and fired two R-7 stubby missiles at it. One whizzed by the droid and made a loud splash into some trees in the distance and the next missile hit its target.  After the engulfing flames and dense smoke cleared, Zhodiates saw the droid’s back was broken as it flew backwards into a pine tree that previously had gotten knocked over. An enemy quadcopter buzzed overhead and strafed at all three of the saugs, hitting only Irwin. Zhodiates returned fire.
The Captain ordered, “Valentine! Pull Back! We gotta cover the others!” She knew the Homeland commanders did not want to let the saugs out of the box and would take all measures to keep them hemmed in.
“Captain! This is Z! I got this! No reason for us all to sit here and get pounded!” I’ll cover Tomlin and Irwin!”
Captain Carr said, “Copy, Z! We’ll continue to the primary objective!”
One of the attacking tetrapods was able to dig its tungsten teeth into Irwin’s helmet and get a grip. As the heavy load of the clamping jaw locked on Irwin’s hatch, a hole appeared in the already cracked visor. With the deformation of the helmet, more cracks and holes started to appear, running the complete length and width of the visor. Irwin knew her head could soon be crushed.
“No!” Irwin screamed. Another tetrapod started to separate one of the saug’s forearms. She pulled her own arm out of the sleeve of the immobilized suit, or it could have been grotesquely disfigured. Then another pernicious puppy started forcing its snout into the growing hole of her visor with its snout almost touching Irwin’s face.
Then the attacking dog bot was suddenly removed from tormenting Spec Irwin. Sergeant Zhodiates picked up the tetrapod with his huge saug hands and locked it under one of his arms.  He was in a good position to punch it’s face in, but the saugs were not quick enough to produce a good punch. At worst, he would end up destroying the saug hand. The tetrapod struggled to get away, but the evasion attempt was entirely futile. The rest of the pack immediately left Irwin and attacked Zhodiates. Ignoring the attacks, the sergeant took his other hand and placed it on the neck of the tetrapod and pulled with such force that the ordinarily quiet saug suit emitted a whining noise and the head of the tetrapod creaked and was ripped out of its mounting. The head was dangling by some cables. Zhodiates tossed the tetrapod aside like a crumpled up empty beverage can. The decapitated tetrapod unit twitched for a second and then shut down. The rest of the tetrapod pack correctly assessed they would not win against an operational saug and fled from the encounter.
Yet another stream of bullets pelted the side of the sergeant’s suit, hitting him with enough force to cause him to take a knee. He pivoted in the direction of the attack while still being hit and did a scan on the opposing hill across the highway. A bot facing him with an anti-armor rocket launcher was reloading. He lined up his shot with the autocannon on his targeting screen and saw that he could not miss. The autocannon produced a malfunction error in his visor. He looked at his arm holding the autocannon and saw that the housing had a dent in it which prevented proper function. It occurred to him that all three of them could be in trouble if he couldn’t defend them from the threat across the roadway. Okay, stay calm, he thought. Then he thought, well if I can’t hit that bot, who can? He was able to at least successfully paint the enemy bot target. The information automatically showed up on the tactical combat screens on all the friendly combatants. This info included a sniper’s optics in the 8th infantry down on the road who did not have a natural line of sight. Nevertheless, the sniper used his precision guided hand-held sniper cannon at extra long range to take the rocket launcher bot out of the fight with one trajectory bending shot.

Chapter 12

Captain Carr and Corporal Valentine found that the entire enemy counter-counterattack effort on their unit was directed primarily towards the other three boxed-in saugs. Since the other three soaked off all the attention, Carr and Valentine approached the overpass without further opposition. Carr was on point and got the first visual of the conflict. There were three airborne Homeland bots on the damaged overpass executing plunging fire down on the ISA Eighth Infantry Battalion column.  
There was also a Homeland “big dog” on the overpass with partial hard point cover.  A big dog was the name the ISA gave to a Homeland model of a very large tetrapod, comparable in size to a saug, and used to deliver heavier weapons. Unlike the usual autonomous tetrapods, the big dog was a semi-autonomous drone, operated remotely. 
There were more Homeland units firing sporadically down from high ground on the other side of the road.  This interlocking fire made taking cover extremely difficult for the pinned down 8th Battalion.
Some of the ISA vehicles were on fire. Dark smoke rose up from the ambush point. The only place to take cover was behind vehicles, not knowing when they would catch fire. There were many casualties among them.
The sky was filling with twisted and looping vapor trails of seemingly impossible flight paths. The trails were the result of aerial combat between fighters from both sides that were equipped with highly sophisticated maneuvering equipment. A pilot in Homeland could handle their craft in a dogfight only using head movements and verbal commands. ISA pilots had a biometric mouthpiece, used only during combat, that read natural tongue movements when they thought of coded commands.
From behind some trees, Valentine said, “Cap’n, they don’t see us yet. Let’s just go out on the road and jump ‘em.”
She thought about it for a few seconds. But every second that went by, the enemy could be killing soldiers below.  Knowing they too would be under a withering fire. She imagined the big dog using its rockets, which she knew were a bigger bang than theirs, and even its “small arms” was a nasty semi-automatic bolt gun that could penetrate their saugs. She imagined firing at the big dog, and then it activating its viscous plasma force field, which would help slow down their ranged weapons. Resigning to the fact that she could not imagine all possible negative outcomes, she said, “Yeah. We got ‘em.”
“I’ll get a lock on big dog,” Valentine said
“It’s all yours. I’ll cover ya.”
Side by side, the two saugs came out of the woods and onto the road facing the overpass occupying units.
The bots immediately started firing their rockets and autocannons at the saugs, with most of the rounds bounding off of their bulletproof armor. Since the big dog was human controlled, it was a couple of seconds slower in targeting them.
The salvo of R-7 rockets created a bouquet of explosions on top of the overpass. Concrete and asphalt chunks flew in all directions. There was no immediate visual confirmation of the damage to the adversaries. She fired a couple more stubbys for good measure, and then they unleashed cannon fire for good measure until they could see.
After all the dust settled and the smoke started to clear, they could see the big dog was on its back with its legs curled up like a dead spider.  Two of the smaller bots were blown off of the now missing side of the overpass and being confirmed destroyed by the infantry. The third bot was mangled badly. Friendly fire from the 8th at the overpass ceased. The saugs walked up to further inspect the smoking damage.  Metal rebar used to construct the overpass was exposed in places. Some chunks of concrete were dangling with twisted rebar.
Captain Carr said, “Those lightly built airborne recon class bots do not hold up well.”
Valentine stared at the aftermath awhile and said, “Yeah, those scrawny things busted up nicely. 
“Looks like we kind of made a mess out of the road too.”
“Hey, if you drive carefully, you can still use the bridge.”
“They have those steel plates they can put down.”
After the saug attack on the overpass, the 8th was able to muster a credible defense and started mopping up remaining bots in the area. Some bots disengaged and fled from the scene.
A message came in. “Captain; Z here.  I got one inoperable saug and one injured saug operator.”
“Ummyeah. . . if you can safely move the injured operator, then put the good operator in the good suit and watch over my injured operator until I can get medics there.”
“Roger that, Captain. I mean, the suit is good, but I dunno, maybe not that good.”
Then the Captain said, “Hunt, you copy? Hunt, you reading me?” No one answered.  “Now what happened to . . .”
“Yes, Ma’am,” Hunt responded.
She took a deep breath. “Hunt, I need the recovery vehicle at this location on the highway and medical at Z’s location.”
“Copy that. Locations locked.”
Spec Tomlin was alert and medically assessed. He was found to have a moderate concussion and a bruised up back. He was sent back to a field hospital for at least a couple of days of R&R. Irwin’s suit was carried down to the recovery vehicle and would need a new shoulder joint, visor, and some other components not found in onboard inventory. Some spare parts were ferried in by quadcopter delivery but the shoulder joint was not readily available. Tomlin’s suit was scorched black on one side from the rocket explosion, but after some work by the maintenance crew, had full function.
Colonel Scanlon of the 8th Infantry praised the heavy infantry for “turning the tide of battle”.
Valentine, upon hearing that, remarked to the captain, “Turn the tide? They were well on their way to getting wiped out and we definitely saved them. I mean, really, like completely.”
Captain Carr let the remark go unanswered.

Chapter 13
Near Youngstown, Ohio, ISA

Back at Division HQ, Colonel Martinez told General Ross that the 8th got bogged down on the road north to Cleveland by some moderate opposition, but they are moving again. Also, we see there is movement by Homeland regulars along the Lake toward Cleveland, including MARS units that were in positions elsewhere on the front. They are marching their arty as they advance”.
MARS units were Modular Armed Robotic Systems. They amounted to semi-autonomous tracked drones that were armed with a chaingun and grenade launchers. “Marching their arty,” meant that they were advancing their artillery fire to land just in front of the MARS units as they advance.
General Ross said, “The key is to take out that arty. If we can, we can mop up any MARS formations easy enough.  I would consider using some hypersonic ground to ground missiles from our limited arsenal.  You know, more bang for the buck. The sooner we can take out their silicon units the sooner they will have to commit their flesh and bone draftees into the heat of battle. I don’t think they want to do that. What do you think, Martinez?”
“That would be a good use of our hypersonic missiles, sir. They won’t do us any good sitting in the silos while indirectly depriving some of our units an offensive capability. The only thing is; if they are on the ball, they may pop some chaff mortars and intercept all of them.”
General Ross rubbed his face. “I see your point about not using them. I will admit, this is a little frustrating; not responding to their moves.  We spend most of our effort trying not to lose this big campaign instead of trying to win it. I’m not happy with it at all. As far as the 8th, I will give Scanlon credit; I fully expect that boot licker to exploit any opportunity to make himself look good. He will do whatever it takes to hold onto Cleveland. I believe it is going to turn into a real rough neighborhood up in there real soon. But right now, I think the front is a little too full of activity to send any help his way.”
The Comm operator said, “Sir, Captain Mitchell has a location of interest.”
Captain Mitchell was the Division Air Controller. An air controller flew around in a slower, small fixed wing aircraft to get a better look at the action on the ground. The air controllers, along with spy drones, made up for gaps in ISA satellite reconnaissance. Neither the ISA nor Homeland had their own space programs to launch satellites, although it was common knowledge that Homeland had more allies who would sometimes loan out their satellite usage capabilities, depending on how their own demand is for the usage at the time.
The Comm operator brought up a still photograph on the command screen. “Captain Mitchell says that they are working on some kind of forward operating base. They are planning on using Hopkins International Airport.”
Large construction bots along with big dogs and android troops were visible in the photo. There were already SAM units, AA laser batteries and ground to ground mobile missile launchers there.
The ISA leadership knew that if defenses of the forward operating base, (FOB) were consolidated, Homeland could and would ship in a lot more military assets, making it extremely difficult to remove, while depriving them of a valuable fixed-wing base. Another big concern were enemy quadcopters, which had a shorter range and could fly at low altitude, which kept them under radar detection. If the quadcopters were based in Cleveland, they could strike at the heart of the ISA military industrial complex.
General Ross said, “We absolutely must strike that FOB before the toothpaste gets totally out of the tube.”



Chapter 14
Lake Erie, north of Cleveland, Ohio, ISA

On the ISS Duluth, an ensign approached Captain Penner with the daily intelligence report of all ships entering and leaving through the St. Lawrence Seaway. The captain spotted a ship on the list, “This merchantman here; MG Erdenet?” Penner rolled his eyes, “That’s a good one.” 
Penner was referring to the ship’s Mongolian registry under a “flag of convenience”.  Shipowners would often register their ship through another country to get more lax regulations and lower fees.  In this case, Mongolia is a totally land-locked nation. So clearly regulations were not Mongolia’s primary interest, but they could still collect fees from shippers looking for a break in the rules.
“I haven’t seen the Erdenet on here before.”
The ensign asked, “Should we have it checked out?”
“Traffic coming through here shouldn’t be trusted, but routine ship inspection is not a priority. We’re kind of busy right now for that, so I’ll choose to ignore it.”
“Aye, Captain.”
Even though war had begun, all parties chose not to meddle with the complex international maritime commerce that went through the St. Lawrence Seaway, because the ISA was a major exporter of food and the others were importers. Nations importing food knew it could be hard for them to control their populations if there were food shortages. Also, no one wanted to be blamed for mistakenly sinking a ship operating under a neutral flag.

*******
The captain and crew aboard the MG Erdenet were actually members of the UN Navy dressed in civilian clothes. The naval ship was disguised as a merchant vessel and being brought into the theatre to help their ally, Homeland.
The ship was outfitted with torpedo tubes below the waterline. It had the usual freighter shipping containers stacked up on the deck, but many of them were carrying portable drones and marine droids that could individually propel themselves underwater and walk up out of the water on to the coast. Also, a docking compartment in the hull of the ship held a very long transport sub that was pre-loaded with semi-autonomous “big dogs”.  In all, the stealth landing party would amount to a full battalion size. The Erdenet captain knew that when they unloaded their ship, it would have to be done quickly and only at the right time and location to minimize ISA counterattack during the vulnerable shore landing phase.


Chapter 15
At the Front: Near Clarksburg, West Virginia, ISA

Several soldiers of the 102nd Infantry Battalion were eating their lunch in the cool breezy mountain air.
One soldier said to the others, “Hey, anyone want to deal me a bag of some chocolate pudding for this bag of green beans?”
Another one answered, “Didn’t your mamma ever tell you that you need to eat . . . OW! OW!” He grabbed the back of his neck. “What?!”
Within seconds, others were screaming because of a sudden, very painful burning sensation. Some had it and others didn’t. It appeared on their hands or where there was open flesh. A sergeant said, “You guys go down to see the medical hospital.”
It was a half mile jog down to the hospital. Some of the soldiers noticed that their burning skin was quickly turning into a dark gray. Then some noticed that they now had the burning on the palms of their hands that had touched their painful skin.
One man said, “I gotta sit down,” and collapsed. The others, were also declining rapidly, were in no condition to help him. They walked into the hospital tent and a nurse said, “What are you men. . . Okay, that is no good.” She looked at the crowd of them and said, “I need some help here!”
Another nurse asked, “What did you guys eat?”
“Just our usual bags of dried up garbage.”
“Were you exposed to any chemicals?”
“No! We were just outside eating!”
More help arrived and they called for the doctors.  
One nurse turned down the collar of the man who had it on the back of the neck and examined the painful areas. Then within a half minute her hand started with the burning sensation as well.  “Oh no! Now I got it! PPEs everybody! This stuff is highly contiguous!” She backed away from everyone else. One nurse screamed, “Zombies!” and ran out of the tent.
A doctor came in, seeing the situation and froze in place, not sure what to do. 
An older ranking nurse scanned the whites of one of the victim’s eyes, checking for liver dysfunction. “I got a positive liver scan here! This thing is contagious and poison!”
The infected nurse saw that the men were now in serious distress and in real trouble. She realized that would be her near future. She started sobbing. “How could I be so stupid?”
The ranking nurse said, “We gotta ID the poison here, stat!”
The doctor did a scan on the skin of one of the patients and said, “The readout here says, ‘no organic indication detected’. He stood and looked at the head nurse. “Does this thing need recalibrated? You know it can’t pick up certain types of foreign matter if it’s not properly calibrated.”
“Give me that,” the head nurse said, taking the scanner. She ran another test over some gray looking skin. Still no confirmation. Then she started to reason through the situation out loud, “Still reads ‘no organic indication detected’; We detect poison; We scan for a source; Our source is non-organic. . . But they have a poison. Maybe its a tightly edited designer genetic mutation.”
“I told you, this thing needs recalibration,” the army doctor asserted.
“Here!” the nurse shoved the device at another nurse. “Go calibrate this!”
The nurse holding the device looked surprised at the order, knowing all the soldiers were  depending upon him. Then he looked the doctor in the eyes and went off with the scanner.
The head nurse looked around the room and said, “These guys all got it at the same time. Nanobots! Nanobots are not organic! These guys got poisoned with nanobots!”
The doctor said, “That works. . . I need Nanex! Do we have any?”
“No!” A nurse who kept track of their inventory immediately knew they did not have any. “I’ll call Division!”
“We need a lot!” the head nurse added.
Another nurse added, “We wouldn’t need any if Homeland wasn’t just a bunch of stinking terrorists. I guess that’s the name of the game. Try to kill as many of the enemy as you can, especially if they don’t see it coming, or can’t figure out how you did it.”
Everyone was on edge as soldiers and the nurse were declining by the minute. The gray goo of the synthetic biological designer virus infection became more evident on the bodies of the soldiers. 
Division medical HQ confirmed that they did have the Nanex nanomachine drug, but they had to ship it by delivery quadcopter to their coordinates. 
About forty minutes later the quadcopter arrived just outside the hospital tent and set the package down on the ground and immediately took off again.  The nurse who called it in grabbed the package and ran inside.
A few of the men died a horrible death as the self-replicating nanobots; synthetic viruses that were dropped from a high altitude floated down and bore into their bodies.  Some were successfully treated with the medical nanobots, which sought out and devoured the microscopic poison carrying weaponized bots. Most of the men survived because the toxic nanobots were very complex and replicated at a much slower rate than the Nanex, a standard medical grade nanobot that attacked other nanobots.






Chapter 16
Cleveland, Ohio, ISA

It was a cold day and promised to be a very chilly night when Spencer arrived at the apartment building.  His contact person was already outside all bundled up, leaning on the wall next to the door. 
Spencer said, “My dad got really irate that I was going off to war with some guy who I didn’t know named Donte and with some other guy who I didn’t even know his name. My mom was scared and crying. I think that still deep down they know I gotta do it.”
“They’ll get over it. Tell him my name is ‘Rice’ on account that I really like beans and rice.” He grabbed his own belly with his free hand not holding the 15 mm.  But my gov’ment name is ‘Tercell Adams’. You don’t want to call me that, on account that I hate it, a’ight?”
“Okay, Rice. My name is Spencer Sheppard.”
“We gotta hoof it on over to Pete’s.”
Spencer was quiet on the ten-minute walk.
Rice said, “It’s gonna be a’ight.”
When they got to the parking lot of Pete’s Market, a small grocery, they saw quite a few well armed people still going in for whatever they could find. 
“Looks like we’re early,” Rice said.
“They coming?” He looked at his device and saw that they were late.
“They’ll be here. Yeah, there’s Meg over there coming now.”
“Her? The girl with the crazy hair.”
“Yeah.”
“What is her deal?”
“Huh? You talkin’ about her hair buzzed on the sides?”
“No. What is the deal with her outfit?”
“Whaddaya mean?”
“She’s . . . Her whole middle section is not covered. And it is cold out.”
“That’s the way Meg be. She want to be like showing skin. You know, like those action babes on them old movies. You see guys with them heavy big coats and all, and the babe showing skin.”
“Well that is not hot. Her gut is hanging out and her top is real low cut. What is she, here to meet guys or something? You guys do take this seriously, right? I mean, do you guys think you are cosplayers and this is some kind of live action role-playing game?”
“Meg is serious. She can shoot. That’s just her way.” After a few more seconds, he said, “Prob’ly she do want to meet you. You could be the lucky guy who gets her.” He started laughing. “Don’t get us wrong. We’re serious. I got this gun from one of them bots, right?” 
“Yeah, I know. I’m just nervous, I guess.”
Then a half dozen more members arrived, all males.
Rice introduced Spencer to Donte, a petite man with dark skin who looked very serious.
Donte said, “We’ll talk in a second, Spence.” Then he started shouting to those passing by, “Hey! Any of you people want to help us kill some more robots?! Come on over!”
Donte got a couple of glances, but no one interrupted the pace of their walking in or out of Pete’s Market.
Donte told Spence. “We killed four of them robots last night. You see any yet?”
“Yeah.  We were out hunting drones and the robots came. My friend Vinny went to fight them and I ran away. He got killed. I saw it and I ran. I told him he was crazy to fight them.” 
They could see the grim remorse in Spencer’s face.
One of the militiamen said, “You should have stayed and fought with them!”
The others agreed. “Yeah, that’s right.”
“Shut up, fools!” Donte said. “Sometimes it’s smarter to run. Didn’t we run away and come back with stuff to fight them?! Y’all just open your mouths before you think. What did I say to you about filters?! This man did the smart thing, and that is why he is here today, helping us!”
Spencer asked Donte, “Do you think Vinny should have run?”
“Well he’s dead, so I’d have to say yes. But never mind that now.  You gotta get it behind you. You just tell everyone Vinny died trying to save the ISA. Vinny was a hero. I really mean that.”
The others agreed.
Donte said, “I don’t know why, but the robots are doing their thing out on the edge of town. I wanna go out and find some more. You with us?”
“I’m with you. You know, one of the robots you took out may have been an artificial presence.”
“How you know that?” one large man asked.
Another one said to the large man, “Why you ask that?! You don’t even know what that is!”
“Do you?!”
“Shut up!” Donte said to the group, and then turned back to Spencer. “You mean one of those like drone deals where the plug ‘n play Homeland hero is sitting at home on a VR console?!”
“Yeah.”
“I hate that! You gonna fight, then fight!”
Spencer was taken aback when he noticed that Meg looked him up and down with elevator eyes and then met his gaze with hers for an uncomfortable duration. Rice’s words about him being the, “lucky guy” echoed in his mind. He moved further away from her.

Chapter 17
South Side of Cleveland, Ohio, ISA   


The Eighth Infantry roared up Interstate 71. Colonel Scanlon knew they were getting precariously close to moving into an ambush, so he got on his command device and formed a group which he typed in the coded name, Hatchet. He slid the icons for Alpha and Beta companies, along with Cpt. Carr’s heavy infantry company, and a recon unit with battalion fire support command into the Hatchet Group. Then moved the Hatchet icon to a location on the map and a button that read, “Movement Request” popped up. He pushed the button and put the rest of the brigade in a group he code named Dragon and moved them farther north on the map. Then he drummed his fingers nervously on the side of the vehicle as he waited for Division Command to approve of the moves.
Fire Support were a small contingent of specialists who called in air and artillery support. Hatchet was to go around I-80 to attack Hopkins from the southwest, while Dragon, which kept going northbound, was to set up northeast of the airport a couple of miles away to help with indirect fire with heavy mortars on the airport, while blocking any Homeland reinforcements from the other side with antitank guns.
In less than a minute, a “Movement Approved” dialogue box appeared without any follow-up questions and the approved orders automatically went to individual company commanders on their own devices.
General Ross was unwilling to send in any type of air support whatsoever in the face of the bristling anti-air defenses stationed at Hopkins. Ross still made division artillery available for the operation, even though it was irreplaceable on the contentious front. And he was also squeamish about using any of the limited number of hypersonic missiles in their arsenal, which were held in reserve for use to pinpoint counterstrike launch locations from any hidden enemy long range artillery. The bottom line was, if Hatchet could score a quick victory at Hopkins it would make prosecuting the entire war a lot simpler.
While northbound on I-71 a single Homeland biped bot stood openly in the median and started raking the Dragon convoy with gunfire. Casualties and jerky driver reactions cause the vehicles to swerve and eventually jam up the traffic. This sacrificial tactic by the android was not something that any human would do, with the exception of a berserk terrorist. But the Homeland Army had no problem sacrificing a single android soldier in order to cause a major disruption to ISA movement. ISA troops fired from their vehicles at the single bot which was summarily cutup by the small-arms fire.
In the next phase of the ambush, a Homeland quadcopter buzzed over the stalled column. It strafed with dual chainguns that spewed so many rounds that it sounded like dual zippers that kept going and going. A couple of the vehicles caught on fire. A single soldier with a SLAAM (Shoulder-launched Anti-Air Missile) was under fire as he hopped out of his truck and aimed, but was gunned down by the quadcopter. Another soldier jumped out and picked up the weapon and aimed, fired, and the rocket weaved and swirled looking for the quadcopter and scored a hit. The missile detonated and separated one of the four rotors, sending the uncontrollable copter spinning toward an eight-story motel that sat on a hill above the road. The burning copter splashed in a fireball into the top floor of the building. 
Scanlon got onto the radio, “Dragon zero one, no one gets left behind. All units, mount up.” The company commanders came back on and confirmed all personnel were present. 
“Delta zero two, requesting evac, over.” Delta Company requested MedEvac for a couple of seriously injured soldiers. 
Scanlon came back a minute later and said, “Dragon zero one, MedEvac Unavailable. Apply field medical response protocols.” The convoy raced by the smoldering motel.
*******
Group Hatchet ran into a similar problem as a whopping 120 mm Homeland heavy mortar rounds slammed into the road in front of them. The vehicles managed to weave their column around some smoking craters big enough to wreck a vehicle. Then they arrived at the outskirts of Hopkins International Airport without losing a vehicle. The heavy mortar rounds had a range of 12 miles (19 km). They knew it was likely being directed by unseen miniature recon drones flying right by them. Hatchet group personnel quickly left their vehicles and fanned out in a residential area.  
Some residents came out of their homes with whatever weapons they had, wanting to participate. Because of the critical nature of the upcoming battle, no help was refused.
Fire Support Command quickly advanced while soldiers were on overwatch and went about locating and painting enemy targets. All they had to do was to use their visual recognition binoculars and click a button on top to electronically paint the enemy targets, which an officer then confirmed. Meanwhile, fire team squads, including infantry, medium mortar and grenade machine guns quickly set up behind houses.
Heavy Infantry Captain Nala Carr and the three other remaining available units assembled into a group. She saw the images of enemy fortifications appear on her visor and waited for air or artillery support to hit them. Nothing happened. She was just getting ready to ask Captain Ernst of Alpha Company where the support was and then saw orders appear on her screen that read, “Objective” and highlighted the hypersonic missile launcher. A dotted line appeared from her heavy infantry unit’s location to the missile launcher. Then she saw more dotted lines appear from ISA units to Homeland units. A few of them got changed and shuffled around, but her orders did not move. She turned to look at Valentine, Zhodiates, and Irwin in their beaten up saug suits to see their reaction to the order to attack the most defended enemy installation on the map. None of them would look at her directly. 
Captain Carr knew this was a plan where the remnants of her company would spearhead the attack; putting her unit in the line of fire of a lot of enemy units. It seemed borderline suicidal. She decided to make her own request for air support. She waited and desperately hoped for some uncomfortable seconds, and then got the answer, “Request Pending”, which might be a lot better than an outright denial of her request.



Chapter 18
At the Front: Near Wheeling, West Virginia

The 37th Infantry Battalion, part of the First Division was dug-in on high alert. Little Bird had told them something big was in the works. They were startled, but not surprised when a Homeland artillery barrage started pounding the open farmlands of the ISA side of the demilitarized borderlands. 
A spotter said, “Those are smoke rounds.”
The commanding officer, a major said, “Call for air recon at once, private! I got a feeling this is not a drill!” 
The spotter said, “I got a visual on a vehicle . . . a tank, no . . . yes. . . I don’t know. It’s pretty dusty out there. A lot of tanks. . . no, some of those are holo-decoys.” Homeland had projector vehicles that could project holographic images of tanks to throw off any ISA smartillery rounds that were being lobbed in their direction.
“Give me that!” The major took the binoculars out of the spotter’s hands. “That is . . .  a tank. Okay, that’s a mine roller!” Then he barked to the communications operator, “We need artillery support! We need air support!” He handed back the binoculars. “Get ready for something to come through that smoke!”
A mine roller is a tank that is a conventionally armored unit outfitted with a large armored barrel device rolling in front of it to set off any land mines that might be placed in its path without doing damage to the tank or any units behind its path. The rolling barrel of the full speed tank created a lot of dust over the dry barren farmland.
“Sir,” the spotter said, “Something else came through the smoke, but now I don’t see anything.”
“There’s nothing out there yet, private! Keep looking!”
The communications officer did his chatting with artillery and the division air wing. “Sir, arty and air both available.”
Then another barrage of smoke landed in front of the mine roller, much closer to the 37th battalion. ISA artillery rounds could be heard thumping somewhere behind the smoke.
A couple of ISA fixed wing jets screamed over the Homeland invasion route.  A couple of seconds later, large bombs the jets dropped exploded. The flashes could be seen through the smoke screen.
The Major said, “I doubt if that did anything!” Tell Division that I need air superiority, not close air ground assault support!”
“Yes, sir.”
As the Major expected, they could all hear the sound of enemy quadcopters thumping towards them. He knew it would be a few minutes before the air support could circle back around to engage them. “Tell Division we need low altitude anti-air support right now!”
The communications operator called for low altitude anti-air at their location.  When several attacking quadcopters appeared, they were strafing the 37th’s makeshift fortifications. Friendly anti-air units from a half mile behind them started thumping streams of hot rounds into the sky at the copters. Tracer rounds filled the sky, indicating humans were manually doing the defending.
The Major knew this was more than a probing incursion by Homeland. They were looking at a major invasion at his location to see if they could break the line. “Call Division for reinforcements!”
The communications operator said, “Division is sending a reserve tank company here.”
It sounded almost like a distant rolling thunder. Dozens of vapor trails filled the sky as Homeland rockets were flying in a high trajectory toward the 37th’s direction. 
“Hunker down!” The major said. “Report to Division, multiple mobile rocket artillery!”  The major doubted if Division HQ would have eyes on all the enemy units with the smoke screen covering most of the battlefield. Even if they were aware of the attack, he was concerned that there would likely not be any countermeasures available.
The incoming rockets landed one deafening explosion after another. The dark air was filled with smoke and dust. Troops were disoriented, but some were direct hits and were blown into a vapor.
The Homeland quadcopters hovered over them, unloading a continual stream of anti-personnel bullets on the troops, causing many more casualties. One of the copters was hit by division anti-air fire, and the burning craft descended and crashed near the troops. Chunks of the copter flew in all directions and the blades shattered as the spinning unhinged rotors chopped into the sod. 
Then a homeland Ghost-19 Hovertank was close enough that it could be visually recognized. The ghost tank had special projecting plate/screens on its armor all the way around it that projected images from tiny cameras behind it which gave it a very credible stealth mode, except for close distance. Even the top had images of patches of the nearby ground which helped keep the topside invisible from the air. The hovertank was firing into the fortifications full of disrupted troops, causing many casualties.  It turned 90 degrees and drove over top of the sandbags and rumbled over large soil and rock filled heavy plastic fortification containers, tearing up everything and further disrupting the defenders. 
One of the troops with a painting device tried to “paint”, or lock in the ghost tank target but the laser indication wouldn’t “stick” because of the stealth covering.  Another soldier said, “Never mind that!” and ran behind the tank, knowing the back had weaker armor and shot a rocket propelled anti-tank weapon at it. The relatively slow rocket was designed to burrow through layers of armor and then explode. The rocket hissed as it flew into the tank and made a loud bang in the engine compartment. The tank was immobilized and the stealth was inactivated. Soldiers assaulted the defenseless tank by climbing on and around by shooting into narrow exhaust and gun port openings.
ISA Infantry small arms fire damaged a quadcopter. The smoking aircraft aborted its mission and returned to Homeland.
The remaining quadcopters disengaged and continued to advance to the west. Then there was also another sound in the background. The spotter stuck his head up long enough to try and take a look. “Sir, Homeland motorbike cav, company strength, flanking. . . going west.” 
The Major shouted, “Tell Division that Homeland attack choppers and human motorcycle cavalry are trying to outflank us to get at the artillery brigade!”
*******
No sooner than the artillery brigade got the warning, fast charging off-road combustion engine motorcycle riders with small arms started arriving. They were charging and shooting the outmatched artillerymen at very close range with assault shotguns, rifles and various shoulder launched heavier weapons. Some of the artillerymen shot back at them with rifles and others broke and ran. The light motorcycle cavalry was quickly gaining the upper hand. Some of the howitzer electronic controllers were being destroyed by the bikers.
Then an armored ISA anti-air vehicle started firing directly at the bikes. It was not accurate against the agile bikes at close range, but when it hit, the results were gruesome, dismembering riders and bikes alike. 
One ISA soldier with a shovel clobbered a rider as he rode by and knocked him off the bike, then continued with the clobbering.
The ISA Army fighter jets came back around for another pass and scored decisive hits on the remaining quadcopters. The Armored company that was previously called in to reinforce the 37th was instead diverted to helping the artillery brigade. The tanks started making short work of the light cavalry with machine gun fire.  Soon after, the cavalry then became demoralized and retreated.
*******
Meanwhile the degraded 37th was bogged down with a company of skirmishing Homeland general-purpose MARS units. The small tracked semi-autonomous units launched grenades into the already battered fortifications, causing more casualties. But the MARS units were too slow and too vulnerable without the ghost tank spearhead and were dispatched by infantry heavy machine guns.  When this action finished, the Major ordered his company commanders to prepare for a possible “main wave” of the invasion. He could imagine, and almost expected that the Homelanders would next follow up with a human wave attack on their weakened position. But before that could happen, the friendly armored reinforcements arrived.
Division Command was aware of the events that took place during the significant engagement, looking at images being taken from high altitude recon drones.


Chapter 19
Cleveland, Ohio, ISA   

Donte and his crew were cruising along streets in the south part of the city in two vehicles.  The traffic was very light but unpredictable as the few people who were out on the road were in panic mode. Donte drove the lead vehicle that also had Rice, Spencer and Meg in it. The second car had RBG, and the Willis brothers.
Donte looked into the rearview mirror and could see Meg had gravitated to Spencer’s side of the back bench-type seat.
Spencer saw Donte looking. He found himself in another awkward Meg moment and was grabbing for any topic he could think of. “Donte, this is a nice car you have here.”
“It ain’t mine. I appropriated it.”
“You stole it?”
“Now why you want to say it like that?! This is war! You got to do what you got to do! You know what I’m saying?!”
“Yeah,” Spencer said, glancing at Meg and trying to force a smile.
“Whoa!” Donte said.  “You see that?!” 
Up ahead they saw a car crash into oncoming traffic as it sped out of a Nug Hut, a common fast food restaurant that had a store on their left side.
“They really that hungry for nug takeout?” Donte laughed at his own joke. “It is ridiculous. Why is anyone out getting’ nugs right now? Don’t they know . . .”
Meg said, “Donte! I think there’re robots in that Nug Hut!”
“Oh yeah?!” He jammed on the brakes and looked back at the situation while he was waiting for chance to do a U-Turn.
Rice said, “Hey! They ‘bout hit us!”  Looking into a rear-view mirror, he could see in the back car RBG, real big Gordon, waving his arms and yelling at them because of the sudden stop.
“People are trying to get out of the Hut!” Meg added.  
Rice said, “Robot! There’s a robot out front!” He chambered a round in his heavy rifle.  “Swing by and I’ll get it on my side!”
Donte scoffed. “You got people wrecking their cars trying to get away from those androids. What a waste of a car.” He floored the accelerator pedal and the car surged into the Nug Hut parking lot, bearing down on the robot. 
“What you doing?!” Rice screamed.
Donte said, “The sign says ‘drive thru’ so I think I will.”
The robot turned to fire at the car but Donte slammed the robot into the front of the Hut, mangling the robot and shattering the windows on the caved in wall. Donte said, “We’re here. Accidents will happen.” He laughed and casually grabbed his 15 mm weapon that dropped off of his seat and was on the floor of the car.
Rice hopped out and pivoted toward another robot coming from the back of the hut. He fired with his big 15 mm full auto weapon. The weapon was so powerful that Rice had to fire in bursts just to hang on to it.  The robot never had a chance to target anyone. Rice kept firing and hitting it until the robot’s lights went out and it tipped over like a felled tree.
“That fifteen mil is mine!” Meg rushed up to the smashed robot to claim its weapon. She had to crawl under the vehicle and around a piece of twisted fender to fetch it.
Spencer still thought that the group was way too casual about how they encountered the robots. Was this mindset of theirs what made them so successful? Or would things finally catch up to them?
Donte saw murdered customers inside the Nug Hut.  Being the petite guy that he was, he rested the front end of the oversized gun on the sill of the smashed out more of the broken window and scanned for a target.  He could see the back side of a robot looking out of the drive-through window. The robot was firing at the other militia car, which had pulled in and came around the building. Donte wondered how come they never put an eye on the back of the robot heads. Then he commenced to fire. Sparks jumped off of the robot and some high misses by the still hard to handle weapon resting on the window sill riddled the plastic overhead menu to pieces. The robot didn’t fall, but it was still a clear kill. “Hey Spence! There’s a cool weapon in there for you if you want to go get it!”
Spencer knew there was likely to be an artificial presence with maybe one more bots if it was the normal sized assault pod.  He looked in, then back at Donte a couple of times without moving, suspecting an ambush.
“Ain’t you gonna use that rifle you brought?! Go on! I got ya covered!”
Spencer grimaced when he thought of Donte’s feral spraying of bullets coming from behind him after he went into the building and was already being shot at. Nevertheless, he walked around to the glass door and slowly opened it.  He walked in, pausing on each step or two on crunchy broken glass to look around, pointing his rifle in whatever direction he was looking. 
THUMPA! THUMPA! THUMPA!  Another very heavy weapon fired, coming from the back of the Nug Hut. It was much bigger than a 15 mm rifle. The outer walls almost exploded with gaping holes as the weapon ripped from side to side. The weapon then penetrated completely through vehicles.
The irregular militiamen were deafened by this new weapon they had yet to encounter. They were all pinned down in position. Then they heard some rocket hiss noises coming from outside the hut and explosions inside the Nug Hut.  Brick and mortar smashed up against everyone and everything. When the dust and smoke cleared, they could see the collapsed Nug Hut roof was only a couple of meters higher than ground level.  

“Spence!” Rice shouted, but there was no possibility that anyone or anything could have survived the attack.
Donte was in a daze. After he realized he was alive and in one piece, he finally was able to turn and look up.  He saw soldiers in ISA uniform walking around surveying the damage. The car carrying the rest of his crew was peppered with bullets and had several holes where the heavy weapon hit. 
One of the soldiers reached for Donte’s 15 mm. “Hands off. That would be mine.”
A soldier approached him and said, “I’m Captain Foley, Ohio Army National Guard. I need to confiscate that weapon.”
“First of all, I ought to shoot you for killing my guy.”
“Hey! We didn’t know you had a guy in there! We figured we were saving you from whatever it was in there! Now hand over the weapon!”
“You better go home and read your ISA Constitution, Captain Gun Grabber.” The ISA constitution was very definitive on the rights of private ownership of firearms of all kinds with no wiggle room for activist judges with an agenda. 
“Whatever; you guys aren’t going to win this war. You are just a bunch of hobby soldiers. Guys like you can’t do the heavy work. You need to let us real soldiers fight this war, not militia or mercenaries.”
“What? You never hear of the French Resistance? Chinese People’s Liberation Army? Viet Cong? How about the Minutemen? You don’t think they made any difference?”
“That’s us you’re talking about!” Captain Foley insisted. “The Ohio National Guard is the militia! If you want to be in the militia so bad, then join the National Guard!”
“You are militia in name only.  You all are just part-time weekend regular soldiers.  We were doing just fine taking out robots until you cowboys come along shooting up everyone! And I still ain’t forgetting that mess; you blowing up that Nug Hut with my man still up in there?!  I am not happy. I still might report you!”
“It’s regrettable that there are necessary civilian casualties, and one was your friend. But we had to take charge over the situation by firing those tac missiles. We are here to save lives.”
“Well you did not save Spencer’s life.” 
“We saved your life! I don’t need this right now!”
Donte looked over to the other side of the destroyed hut and saw that RBG was leading both of the Willis brothers, who were drenched in blood, to an army medic who was with other  National Guard troops.
RBG said, “We all right, D. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Donte said to Captain Foley, “You gonna go tell Spencer’s momma he got killed fighting like if he was one of your own people?!”
“I don’t have time for this! Do you have any information on whom or what was in there shooting that heavy weapon?!”
“No, I did not see it. Maybe you can find chunks of it under that wreck of a Nug Hut under there that y’all blew up.”
“That’s what I expected. Just stay out of our way.” 
“This ain’t over!”



 Chapter 20


Group Dragon of the 8th Infantry Battalion sat right on the Homeland supply line and reinforcement route to the battle at the airport. They took up positions in houses and any other nearby hard points.  There was sporadic fighting between Dragon and a few squads of airborne bots with their synthetic presence leaders. 
Colonel Scanlon got word that there was a brigade of UN “peacekeeper” troops on their way to their position with their powder blue helmets and white vehicles and their clunky command structure. The ISA had no interest in agreeing to a truce after Homeland grabbed northeastern Ohio and a couple of areas along the front. Everyone else in the world knew you weren’t supposed to fight the UN, which represented world peace, but the ISA refused to follow that convention. As a persistent enemy of Israel and the ISA, the United Nations was an organization that did not have the best interest of the ISA at heart.
The UN brigade moving toward Dragon were made up of Bangladeshis and Ethiopians. They only had a few tanks, which were outdated and quite a few armored vehicles that were under-armored and under-gunned. But they moved around like they were kings of the world because of the political clout of so many member nations.
The soldiers of Dragon were all charged up to fight those with the blue hats they called the “smurfs”. 
Col. Scanlon asked Cpt. Platt, commander of Delta Company, “Platt, you want to take a ride?”
“A ride, sir? Aren’t we a little busy right now?”
“I want to go talk to the UN.”
“Talk? But, aren’t we in a position to win a big victory here, Colonel?”
“Oh, sure; a military victory. You and I, and General Ross for that matter, all know that I am an overly ambitious prima donna and a glory hound and would love nothing better than to have a decisive victory in combat under my command.  But that massacre would not be an overall war victory. Granted, I am not a General, but I didn’t get to make the rank of colonel by doing things the stupid way. You have to look at the overall picture, Platt. What if we wipe out those UN troops and then Canada becomes so outraged that they join the war on Homeland’s side? That would be a real mess.”
“Yes, sir. We’re not going to surrender, are we?”
 “Surrender?! Of course not. I just want to agree with them not to fight. We won’t leave them any choice. When it is all said and done, the Army will be likely to give me that star.”
The pair got into the armored command car and Scanlon took down the small ISA flag on the car. The ISA flag’s top half was blue and the bottom half red with a big white five-point star in the middle. Scanlon then removed his own white t-shirt and tied it onto the post as a flag of truce. “I swore I would never do this, and here I am. I gotta quit swearing.”
They drove up the road a few miles toward the enemy. Some trigger-happy UN soldiers took some small arms shots that pinged off of the command car.
“Should we turn back, sir?”
“Nah, they’ll get control over their soldiers in a minute.”
They pulled up in front of a UN armored vehicle heading in the opposite direction that came to a stop. 
Scanlon said, “Stay with the car, Platt. I don’t want any of them tampering with anything. Try not to start anything here with them that you and I can’t finish alone.”
“Yes, Colonel.”
The white armored top hatch popped open and a soldier with a large blue tank commander helmet looked out and pointed a pistol at Scanlon. “May we helping you?”
“Yes, you may, Lieutenant,” Scanlon said, holding up his hands. “I am Colonel Scanlon, of the large ISA unit that is about to kill every last one of you. So if I were you, I’d take me to your leader.”
The Lieutenant looked as if he didn’t understand the request. Scanlon said, “UN Major?! Colonel?! Grand-Smurf Poobah?!”
“Yes, Major.” He pointed behind the vehicle and hopped out. Then he motioned for Scanlon to follow. 
They walked a few vehicles back and a thin man with a Major’s uniform emerged.  “Colonel, what a pleasant surprise. I am Major Abel Ato-Gaba. Do you wish to have a dialogue?”
Scanlon replied, “Maybe dialogue is not the correct word, Major. I’m here more to issue you a direct threat.”
“I see.” Ato-Gaba’s face turned sour.
“Now I’m sure you are a very well-trained officer in military science. And I am sure you know there are two sure ways to win a battle. Either by an ambush, especially with superior numbers which we have; or weapons that the other side has no answer for. As it turns out, we have both. Now I don’t really want to kill you and your men who really have nothing to gain by dying here in Cleveland fighting a war that is none of your business, but God knows that we will certainly end the lives of every last one of you. Nothing personal, I assure you, just business.”  He ended his speech with a big smile.
Ato-Gaba said, “I can’t lie. I do not like you. I don’t think you are a better or a more honorable man. I want to shoot you now, but since you have the white flag, that would just be seen as an act of cowardice. So, I suppose I should be gracious and thank you for not killing us. We will stay here and report that we cannot engage your superior numbers.”
Scanlon maintained his smile and nodded. “Regardless of your tone, I hoped that you would say that. That will be best for everyone involved. One more thing; you might want to consider leaving our country altogether before I change my mind.” He tipped his helmet at the Major and said, “Good day, Major.”
The Colonel walked back to the command car and told Cpt. Platt, “We have a small window of time to give Group Hatchet supporting fire. Then when these pathetic . . . adversaries get some more help from Stalin City, they will likely be bold enough to come after us. Now get us out of here.”


Chapter 21
Cleveland, Ohio, ISA

At Hopkins International Airport, a timer appeared in Captain Carr’s visor that counted down from twenty minutes on the order from Division HQ for her unit of Heavy Infantry to attack the missile launcher. It was the most dangerous order imaginable and it was marked on her visor, “Top Priority”. It seemed that her unit had a higher mortality rate than the old time flamethrower carrying troops.
When the timer was near zero, friendly medium mortar fire lobbed into the airport and troops began to advance.
Valentine said of the mortar barrage, “At least we got that.”
Cpt. Carr called on the radio, “Hotel India zero two, Delta zero two, requesting smoke, over.”
The mortar rounds were now billowing smoke where they detonated, providing a little more cover for their advance.
“Alright!” Cpt. Carr said, “Maintain distance, both rank and file. As you advance, take cover wherever you can, but we must take out that launcher, and we shall! On me!”
“Hooah.” Spec Irwin said in a not very hooah tone. The others forced themselves, and chimed in with hooahs of their own.
The Captain started lumbering forward in her suit. Their goal was the launcher about 500 meters ahead. The others followed in the manner Carr directed.  None of the main defensive threats could see them through the smoke. But they were all taking some small arms fire. Tracer rounds showed that it was coming from their right flank.  Valentine raised his arm as he jogged and unleashed bursts of 20 mm to suppress enemy fire. Meanwhile, ISA light infantry squads on overwatch also returned the fire. 
A hostile quadcopter came in and hovered low to rotor wash out the dense smoke. The copter found Z and started a persistent chaingun burst that sent him down to the ground. A friendly SLAAM hissed just past the quadcopter. The copter aborted to avoid another SLAAM attack. Z got up and both he and his 501 S-AUG were able to continue jogging toward the objective.
Then the saugs ran through the other side of the dissipating smoke with another 350 meters to go. That is when everything was unleashed upon them; RPGs, antitank artillery, and small arms. Captain Carr got knocked down. She looked around and saw the other three were also down from the force of a monsoon of enemy fire.
“Delta zero two, over!”
“Keep going Hotel, over.”
“Requesting. . . anything! All units down!”
Soon there was a loud, deep drone propeller aircraft sound. The sound was bouncing off of everything so there was no way to tell what direction it was coming from. Whatever the source of the noise was, it was not yet on her active battlefield map. It sounded like the final enemy strike was coming upon them like the grim reaper. Then it passed overhead.  It was a large ISA transport fixed wing aircraft converted into a gunship. It slowly passed overhead slowly for a fixed wing prop plane, making itself an easier target, but the four onboard externally powered 30 mm machine guns chewed up a lot of enemy units in a single pass at a rate of 20 rounds per second for each gun. Then there were loud thuds as the plane dispersed dozens of incendiary cluster bomblets towards the ground in all directions.  Each bomblet exploded when it hit the ground dispersing more bomblets which exploded. The plane was the perfect anti-infantry close air supporter, but not as effective against hard targets.
Cpt. Carr raised her giant saug head and saw the deluge of enemy fire had subsided, but probably only briefly. Cpl. Valentine and Specialist Irwin were already up and lumbering past her. She looked back and saw Z also coming and then right behind him were a swarm of ISA medium assault troops in a desperate human wave. It was the moment when they were all in, win or lose. She immediately got up and started following Valentine and Irwin.  She saw on her visor that they were only 200 meters from the target. Then the firing started up again. Bullets sparked and pinged off of the saug armor.
A big dog hit Irwin with repeating bolt gun fire.  She turned to return the fire. The big dog and Irwin fired everything they had at each other. To do this, the big dog had to deactivate its shield. Rockets exploded at both of the combatants and Irwin was the first to go down.
“Cap’n! Cover me!” Valentine shouted as he kept going toward the missile launcher.
Captain Carr took a knee for stability and launched an R-7 Stubby rocket that crashed into an enemy heavy machine gun crew in a fireball. Then she sprayed bursts of gunfire at other enemy emplacements. When a projectile exploded on her shoulder, she knew she had been in the same spot for too long, so she got up to become a moving target again. 
But most of the focus was on Corporal Valentine. He was now less than 100 meters away from the missile launcher. He targeted the missile launcher but was seconds too late to launch as the big dog moved in front of it.  The big dog started thumping out single shot armor piercing bolts at Valentine. Valentine dropped and rolled and aimed from the prone position.  While still moving, he fired a stubby that made a spiral as it adjusted its visual recognition towards its target. But then it detonated when it hit the big dog’s viscous force field without causing any damage. 
Enemy bots marched from behind cover to take on Valentine and the small army behind him. Either they were going to overrun the enemy or they would be massacred. The big dog put its shield down again and was firing the large bolts and penetrated Valentine’s saug suit three times, sending him down and unresponsive.  A soldier with an RPG ran up to Valentine, using his suit for cover. Then he fired the rocket toward the big dog, which again exploded on the force field.
“Move!” Sgt. Zhodiates shouted and yanked the soldier off of Valentine.  He saw the holes that penetrated Valentine’s suit. “Medic! Medic!” He could not help Valentine with his gigantic saug fingers, so he instructed the soldier on how to unlock the suit so the medic could extract Valentine. Then the RPG soldier was shot in the head and dropped. Zhodiates called on the radio, “Hotel zero two! Man down, over!” 
The signal received was garbled and distorted, “Hotel zero two! Z! Stay on target!  I repeat; Stay!. . . On!. . . Target!”
Sgt. Zhodiates did his best slow version of dodge and weave while wearing the suit. The ISA human wave was taking heavy casualties while Z got ever closer to the distracted big dog. Zhodiates was upon the big dog and saw its bolt gun turret on top turning and was only a few degrees away from targeting his face. He dived forward and slid under the big dog. The big dog attempted to step back to get Z face to face position again, but Z grabbed one of the big four legs and was slowly drug back through the dirt under the big dog’s power.  With the saug’s ten foot wing span, Z reached over and grabbed another leg on the other side of the body and started pulling them together. There was a screechy metallic sound as the dog’s leg socket joints were being destroyed. 
Captain Carr joined Zhodiates by grabbing the big dog’s other legs. Then the saugs picked up the big dog and steadily held it overhead with its softer less protected underbelly exposed toward friendly units. The infantry had plenty to worry about with the bots attacking them, but it took no time before a couple of infantry rockets blasted the big dog’s underbelly. The subsequent explosion took the saugs down with ragged sections of the big dog on top of them. 
It was a deadly stalemate between the ISA humans and the Homeland synthetic infantry. Eventually, Sergeant Zhodiates became self aware again and started firing stubbys at the synthetic soldiers, hitting and destroying one with every shot until he was out of missiles. This helped change the momentum of the battle toward the ISA. Homeland decided to withdraw their remaining bots, giving up their claim on the airport. 
Z muttered, “Primo Victoria, baby.” He started shaking and tried to control his breathing as he came down off of his adrenaline rush. 
ISA troops overran the missile launcher to capture it and disabled the controls and any possibility of a remote launch. Others were mopping up some Homeland fortified defenders that sacrificially remained to support the bot retreat. 
After the battle was over, troops followed their anti-android training on the correct procedure on how to remove the heads. Otherwise, if left alone, there was a chance that the bots could pool enough spare parts among the group to reassemble and repair themselves.
Sgt. Zhodiates struggled to climb out of his scorched S-Aug 501. He limped over to Cpt. Carr and looked into her visor that still had a tiny flame on it, fueled by gooey ignited big dog actuator fluid. Her eyes were shut. Her face was red with first degree and a few small second degree burns. She had a peaceful look to her. He knocked on her visor. Nothing. He did it again, pounding desperately to wake her up. “Captain!”
“What?” Her head moved back and forth, and she opened her eyes for a second and closed them again.  Tears ran down from both of them.
“Captain, you okay?”
“I’m . . . perfect. Valentine and Irwin; dead, Z.”
Zhodiates shook his head and he dropped, face first into the smoking sod. He would never see them again. His two friends would be forever young in his mind. 
Those in the ISA Heavy Infantry knew that their saugs were always the top priority threat for enemy units. All Saug operators knew their chances of survival in a desperate all-out firefight were not good. But it is never thought about or accepted as fact until it actually happens. Today was that day. 
Zhodiates also knew that for him and many others, this war was like a bad drug. It devastated him to lose his brothers and sisters in arms. He was supposed to hat war because of that. But something deep inside made him crave more and more combat. Z, and others, almost always males, became addicted to combat because of all the dopamine thrills and excitement of being shot at; especially as a saug, being the biggest and baddest and most important unit on the battlefield, and most of all, knowing that they could be KIA, killed in action. There was no replacement for it. There was no replacement for the feeling of power with launching rockets and ripping apart a big dog with his own super augmented hands. It was happening to him now. He thought his own feelings were morbid and disgusting, and this experience would make the rest of his life, however short or long, nothing but boring. He already knew his answer if they tried to say he should go back home, even for a short furlough.  If he left, who would protect Captain Carr or the newbies who joined the unit? He felt guilty that he sorely wanted to kill Homeland humans. He felt guilty that he lived while Valentine and many others died. But he struggled with his feelings of guilt. Why does he feel guilty? What did he actually do that was wrong and that he should feel guilty about? The war pits the ideas of one side against another, but also each soldier against themselves. There was no glory involved whatsoever. He did what he had to, realizing that for him, taking the objective was the shortest route to saving the other members of his unit. But two of them died anyway, so to him the battle’s outcome was a failure. It was all like a bad drug. A drug that you couldn’t stop taking and while you were taking it, you could stop thinking about the consequences until later. Being a saug driver was nothing like he thought it would be when he signed up.


Chapter 22
The Front, Near Elkins, West Virginia, ISA

An ISA Army reconnaissance lieutenant was looking out of his vehicle and noticed an older model Homeland armored transport vehicle crashing through the fence of the long-established demilitarized zone, speeding toward a position held by the ISA First Division, 23rd Infantry Battalion.  It was colored in an uncommon disruptive camouflage pattern and for further concealment, it had tree branches attached all over it. 
The lieutenant said, “Call 23rd! What do I tell them that thing is?!”
A private next to him quipped, “I dunno, but I guess it’s not some redneck trying to keep his family vehicle from being repossessed by the bank.”
“Not funny right now! That thing will be there in a minute if it keeps going!”
“Can we try shooting at it?”
The 23rd ID got the message and when the suspicious vehicle got into range, they started firing heavy machine gun and anti-tank weapons at it. Sparks flew and made a clanking noise as the defensive fire hit glancing blows that bounced off of the APV. With every second it got closer to the ISA troops. An ISA attack chopper that was in the area charged to the scene but it was too late. A massive explosion shook the ground and torrents of metal projectiles ripped through all the trees and many of the ISA personnel within 200 meters of it. The intruding vehicle became a mobile bomb. The explosion killed and injured many ISA troops. All that was left of the vehicle was a smoking crater the size of a public swimming pool, but much deeper in the center. In effect, Homeland military engineers had turned the obsolete vehicle into a driverless drone super-sized pipe bomb, filled with explosive compounds and killer metal shards.
*******
Back at Divisional HQ, General Ross commented to Colonel Martinez that Homeland used that APC the same way that the Roman army would set a pig on fire and head it towards the Carthaginian mounted elephants to spook them and cause a stampede.
General Ross said, “From here on, make sure all units have flaming pig countermeasures.”
Colonel Martinez reported to General Ross, “Sir, we lost Mitchell.”
“You mean contact with him?”
“So, Sir. I mean KIA.”
Ross took a deep breath. Captain Mitchell, their air controller was also a personal friend. But the level of activity all along the front was increasing all the time. There was no time for personal feelings. That would have to wait as tens of thousands of lives depended upon the headquarters being alert and decisive.
Martinez continued, “There was enemy contact along Lake Erie with an Ohio National Guard Unit. Mitchell flew over the area to get a better look. Before he went down, he reported that there was at least a battalion level incursion of UN assets moving toward Cleveland.”
“What about the Guard unit there?”
Not wanting to say the word, “retreat” Colonel Martinez said, “They retrograded into Cleveland.”
Ross shook his head and his voice took a more excited pitch. “If we don’t get the 8th Infantry into Cleveland, it sounds like it will end up being a hexenkessel with the ONG as the stew.” 
“Hexenkessel” is a German military term for “Witches Cauldron”. It is encirclement with no way out, and suggests total defeat for the trapped unit, in this case the ONG, or Ohio National Guard.
Ross continued, “I don’t like how this is all shaping up as a fair fight in Cleveland.” 
The general had always repeated a phrase he had heard that said, “If you find yourself in a fair fight, you obviously have not planned well enough.”
Ross said, “We need to decide if we want to make a major commitment toward winning the area or to preserve the assets we have there now.”
Martinez said, “Sir, we already held back our air forces there when they sent in the cloud of drones. We can’t just sit by and do nothing.”
“I know, I know. What are our options? Or, should I ask, what is the least bad alternative?” The General studied the maps on the screens.
The colonel said, “First, we should make an effort to assert air superiority over the whole area. It’s not likely that there will be another drone cloud to contend with. Start knocking down anything and everything in the air. Then, we have all these units in our own area right now. We can swing them up. Of course, it would be prudent if we took this command and control either north or south, as our present position could turn into a real hotspot.”
“We do what you suggest and pretty soon the entirety of the Homeland order of battle comes barreling through here with everything, and we have nothing to even slow them down. So I say ‘no’ to that. I’m not feeding them Youngstown and half of the State just to try and save Cleveland. We can shift around whoever we want, but we will still come up short with a weak spot on the line somewhere. As far as air superiority, if we put everything up, their anti-air might end up eating our entire air corps, and we would be handing them air supremacy; in effect, the war.  No, I’m not interested in going all-in right now. The 8th infantry and the ONG will just have to make due. I see the picture just like you do, and I don’t like this any more than you do.” He paused for a while, trying to take a more calm tone and then rubbed his eyes and said, “We already sent them our heavy infantry.”
“It was degraded by half, sir.”
“True.” The general caught himself getting agitated by being reminded of the disappointing and obvious information, and he forced himself speak even more calmly. “Send Cleveland an artillery battalion and arrange for some kind of close air support upon emergency request.”
Having felt like he was told off a little for coming up with some bad strategy, Martinez said, “Yes, sir.” 


Chapter 23
Cleveland, Ohio, ISA

Donte arrived at the Pete’s Market parking lot early the next day. Even though there was an invasion going on, there were still customers going in and out of the store but now were more heavily armed. 
Meg arrived, toting her newly acquired 15 mm automatic weapon. She was further encumbered with a couple of heavy bags of ammunition that she also scavenged. She glanced at Donte, noticing his face wore an emotionally beaten up expression. “What we doing today?” Meg asked.
“Dunno yet. Not sure there is much we can do, us here in the never ending war like the ISA being the Israel of the west. Is anything we do here ever going to change anything?”
“That ain’t it, is it?” Meg tried to push his button by saying, “You still thinking about what that Captain said?”
 “You know, it’s just really sad. Our people get killed and injured. It’s just really sad he disrespects us like that when we were the first to fight. That guy don’t know nothing. I guess he don’t remember nothing about NIC.” 
NIC was the ISA National Identity Classes that all young students in the country were required to take while in school. The class explained the Christian history of the ISA and how it affected all areas of life; government, business, medicine, agriculture, military service and civic duty in general. There was a lot of social pressure for all citizens to be like minded; to oppose the prevailing statist mindset of almost all of the rest of the world. 
RBG showed up.
Meg asked RBG, “How’s the Willises?”
“Markus had some metal go into his side, but there was nothing wrong inside of him, so they pulled it out and sewed him up. Junior’s side of his face and neck got messed up bad. But the doctor said, ‘He gonna live’. It looks bad, but he ugly anyhow. They gonna be out for a couple of weeks anyhow.”
“You okay?”
“I’m good. I know, I’m a big target, right? And everything missed me. Ain’t that cray?”
Donte said, “Where’s Rice! He’s always the last one here! Look at all of these people walking around with their guns, like they’re gonna fight! HEY!” Donte started yelling at the armed strangers. “You people! We are in a war! We need everyone to get together and fight before we don’t have a country anymore! Do not wait! Do not be a coward! Now is the time! And you! Yeah, you over there! You really need that much toilet paper?! C’mon!”
Meg said, “That really isn’t that important right now.”
Donte lashed back, “You know you wear so much fragrance that a robot could smell it.”
“Oh, whatever! Now you want to lie and change the subject! I see you sniffin’ around me!”
Donte checked RBG’s face and saw him smirking.
Meg continued her counterattack, “You need to get past this small man complex or whatever you got right now and be the man you can be!”
A couple of armed, able-bodied looking guys approached them. One of them looked directly at Donte and said, “You, with the mouth. That’s right. We are not cowards. You really think we want to be taken over by Homeland robots? What you gotta realize is that people, probably most of them, are like us and do want to fight. But I know that I have no idea where to go or what to do.  We just have no leader. I guess no one who knows much about what is going on has the guts to lead the people. So no one makes the first move. But if you think you know so much, you gonna be their leader?”
“No,” Donte said, “Not after yesterday. Go talk to someone else.”
Then Rice showed up. He didn’t say anything. He just looked at Donte. 
“See that?” Meg said to Donte.
“See what?” 
“How everyone looks to you, fool. You are the leader this guy is talking about. Maybe you should keep trying to gather up people like you did just there and make an army.”
“You are crazy. I ain’t nobody. I ain’t got no special training.”
Meg replied, “You think any of these other famous people you are always talking about were anybody before they did what they did to get famous? You think they were all just born perfect people?”
“Yeah, but those people are different. I am just. . .”
“So all those history things you always talk about are just a bunch of stories and no one should really pay any attention to them, right?! That’s what you are saying!”
“I ain’t trying to be famous.”
“That’s why you could be great for real. You ain’t trying. You already got it.”
“Got what?”
“Somehow you just know how to fight these things. I seen it myself. And you care about us. You gotta use what you got.”
Donte gazed downward into the weeds popping up through the cracks in the pavement.
 Meg pleaded to Donte in another direction in a soft voice, “You gonna tell God when you see Him, why you didn’t use your gifts?”
“Oh no you don’t.” He wiped his eyes. He stomped around in a circle while looking down. Then he shrugged his shoulders a little and asked, “You had to go there. What can I do?”
“How should I know? I ain’t you. I guess you pray and just think about what you would do if you were important and then you just do it. . . I guess.”
Donte rubbed his head and his face. “I hope I ain’t being stupid here.” He took a deep breath and summoned from within a new persona. “LISTEN UP PEOPLE! I. . .” He glanced at Meg and continued, “No, I mean, WE NEED TO TALK TO EVERYONE HERE! RIGHT NOW! LISTEN UP! WHAT DO YOU GOT TO LOSE?!”
While Donte was talking, Meg showed him the screen on her device. She had set up an app for them to communicate. She named it “Cleveland Militia”.
Donte’s eyes bugged out a little when he saw the app and how fast she set it up. He looked at her a moment, then took her device and held it up, then he continued, “We need everyone to download this app!”
People in the group started touching devices with Meg’s to copy links to the app. Then the app was copied from those recipients to others.
The group soon turned into a small crowd. Among them was Donte’s deacon from church.  He was the most devout Christian and Bible student that he knew. “Deacon Jefferson, will you please consider being our militia chaplain? I know you will take care of our members.”
“Now how about that. I’m kind of old to be soldiering; but truth is, I’d be honored.”
Donte smiled. Deacon Jefferson’s support validated everything to him. He told his chaplain, “Did you know that in World War One the US 91st Infantry Brigade had a commander who gave his men a card that had the 91st Psalm on it and had them read it every day? That unit went through three bloody battles. The other units lost up to 90% of their men. But the 91st did not have a single combat casualty.”
Chaplain Jefferson quickly looked up the psalm and said, “Oh yes, I am familiar with the Psalm. I will put the Psalm on the app with a daily alert for the members to read it each day.”
“Great,” Donte said, “From now on, I want us to trust in God that same way those World War One guys did. We know the right things to do as well as anyone. We just have to do it.” 
“I’m with you,” Jefferson said.
Donte said, “In fact, I want us to be the 91st Cleveland Irregulars.”
Meg showed Donte her device again. The name of the app was changed to “91st Cleveland Irregulars”.
Donte nodded vigorously and rubbed his hands together. As he continued to speak, the small crowd got bigger. The bigger the crowd got, the more enthusiastic they became and the more confident Donte became. People who left the crowd told others, who also wanted the app, which went viral throughout the city’s population who wanted a leader in the calamity. Sensing an increasing consensus toward unity throughout the city, the individual members became emboldened and zealous for their cause.



Chapter 24
Lake Erie, North of Cleveland

It was very early morning aboard the ISS Duluth, the flagship of the Eastern Flotilla, which served as the flotilla anti-air umbrella.
The electronics warfare operator said, “Captain, I got an unusual image of a vessel offshore of Cleveland, maybe some kind of a sub. If it is, it is really big. And it looks like it might be grounded.
Captain Penner looked at the monitor overhead displaying the same image and said, “Comm, have the Milwaukee make course for those coordinates.” It was not surprising to find subs in Lake Erie, so the Milwaukee was prudently setup for anti-sub warfare.
“Aye, Sir.”
Penner ordered, “Send the Grand Rapids in support.”
“Aye, Captain.”
The Grand Rapids was configured for naval surface warfare.
“Sir.” the EW operator alerted again. “I got a signature. Torpedo one mile from the Milwaukee, coming from the north.”
“One mile? Ensign, stay on the line with the Milwaukee.” The captain wondered how a torpedo could be so close to them without them knowing where it came from.
“Aye, Captain.”
The ensign said, “Milwaukee is taking evasive maneuvers and popping ADC.” ADC is an acoustic device countermeasure. These devices emitted loud sounds and bubbles underwater to try and confuse any sound tracking torpedoes.
Penner said, “Who fired it?!”
The EW operator said, “Torpedo path is compensating the ADC.”
Penner’s heart sank. “That is a manual torpedo.” Manually directed torpedoes were often wire guided and could be directed without the worry of radio jamming, at least until they ran out of wire. “Tell them to double back.”
But it was too late. The torpedo was too close and was faster than the ship. 
The ensign said, “Captain, Milwaukee reports taking a hit to the aft.”
  After a huge explosion, the sub hunting ship caught on fire. The commander of the Milwaukee reported they took heavy losses and were abandoning ship. To make matters worse, the Milwaukee was equipped the best sub hunting equipment in the flotilla.
“Send patrol boats to pick up survivors and ID that vessel. Trace the path of that torpedo! I want that sub!”
The Ensign said, “Captain, no ASW Aircraft available. No recon air available.”
The EW officer said, “Captain, we got two fixed wing bogies in the area. Not presently heading in our direction.” 
But the Captain knew at those speeds, the jets could be on them in a matter of seconds.
They could see the original vessel of interest was still sitting off the shore of Cleveland. 
Penner said, “There’s nothing else out there! Where could it . . . What is that, on the map? Northeast?”
“Zooming in.”
Penner said, “That’s just a merchantman. That long vessel on the shore might have sent that torpedo in a circle to throw us off.”
“Why would they do that?” the Ensign asked.
“To hide their location.”
The EW operator said, “Sir! Another torpedo three miles out heading for the Grand Rapids. It came from the direction of the merchantman.”
“Ensign, stay on the line with the Grand Rapids. Have them run that torpedo into a line with that vessel on the shore to try and have it autotarget their own vessel or abort the attack. Navigator, make a course for us to be in shooting range of that merchant vessel. I think that trader is dirty.”
“Dirty, Sir?” the EW operator asked.
“A decoy. Armed with who knows what, and attacking anything that comes near the hostile on the shore. There is no point in us going to shore while that thing takes pot shots at us.
The torpedo nearly missed the Grand Rapids. They watched it and it did not double back on them. It was unguided or had travelled beyond its guidance capability.
“Captain, the Grand Rapids. . . . and also the patrol boats are reporting heavy fire from multiple sources coming from the area of that vessel on the shore. They are unable to get any closer.”
“Have them pull back. Ensign, report to command, we detected a hostile landing. I’m ordering the Grand Rapids to sink the merchant ship. And shoot at those planes. We’ll never hit them from here, but it will give them something to think about.”
The rail gun aboard the Grand Rapids fired long distance, high speed projectiles completely through the Erdenet a few times below the waterline and it took in water and slowly slipped into the deep.

Chapter 25
Cleveland
 
Donte had turned an old, large abandoned retail store for the 91st Irregulars. It was dark in the building with just enough light to get around the old store fixtures. From a dark corner of the building Donte set up his command and control that covered the entire Cleveland metropolitan area. Meg and others setup monitors and communication gear on tables that were operated by several members.  Donte called his headquarters “The Rectangle”, after the iconic pentagon shaped military headquarters building.
The 91st now had enough followers that they divided areas of the city into sectors. Each sector had a leader and members would report to their sector leader. 
There were cots setup in a corner of the building. The leadership used the Rectangle lair for their secret full-time residence.
RBG went back to the cots and woke up Donte. “Hey, D. Meg wants you. You got a call.”
“I always get calls. A lady called me about her cat.” He had to get a nap whenever he could.
“No. This is the call.”
“Fine.” He grabbed the phone. “Donte here.”
On the other end, “Yeah. . . Donte; this is David Carpenter! You know, from Section 2! We need something done up here, right now!”
“Hang on, David, what is the nature of this here call?”
“Well, we heard these explosions and shooting along the Lake and there is a whole lot of Homeland units out there!  We gotta do something! I don’t know how they got there! Call the Army!”
“David, we will call the real Army if we can, or need to, but otherwise, we are the army, right? Tell me what exactly what you are seeing as calmly as you can. And tell me what street or landmarks these units are by.” 
“There are robots with guns coming up out of the Lake! Then there is this big sub that is unloading some really big robots!”
“Where?!”
“That old rail yard place! I sent you a link on the map! Hurry up!”
Donte rushed over to one of the monitors and said, “Okay, I got Whiskey Island. That’s the old railroad place they got on the map. It ain’t really an island though.”
David said, “Yeah, whatever! We don’t want to mess with this! Call the Army!” 
“Reduce your frantic,” Donte said, “Alright, here is what we will do. For now, we will try and get some members to park cars in their way in the middle of the street to slow them down. We will call up volunteers to bring their cars into the area who can leave them there. Then we will figure out what to do from there.” There was a narrow strip of road surrounded by water going out to Whiskey Island that Donte proposed to block.
David said, “Okay. Yeah. . . cars? For real?, You think that will work?”
“We’ll see. Thanks for the call, David.” Then David turned to his team and said, “Now we’ll see if all these members are willing to back up their promises with action.  Meg, I want you to put out an urgent help notice to all members of the 91st.  Anyone who can get their cars to Whiskey Island Drive in Sector 2; we want them to park them like a big wall so robots get slowed down. They can see David Carpenter’s exact location on their screens. Tell them that if we don’t stop the robots there, that no one will need to worry about driving anyplace in their cars anyhow.”
Immediately people from all over the city brought vehicles to the area and ran away from approaching robots. Row upon row, hundreds of cars were all parked bumper to bumper forming a formidable obstacle on the only road out of the area surrounded by the lake.  The bots were working to move some of the cars, or tried to destroy them by blasting them to make way for the big dogs. Many of the vehicles that were blasted caught on fire, but the fires only further slowed the robot advances. The biped robots had little trouble climbing over the cars, even in the high heat of the fires, but the heavy big dogs, which were not waterproof, had to use the road. They became entangled as their feet punctured the soft roofs of the vehicle and got caught up in the twisted sheet metal. A couple of the big dogs actually burned up under the persistent heat of burning vehicles.
Meg asked the team, “Okay, now what do we do? David says that they got most of the robots penned in, but robots are starting to move the cars to make a path through the barrier.”
Donte sat motionless with his chin in his hand. “Any defensive fortification only slows down an intruder. We only have so many resources. I really think it would be bad to go down there and slug it out with a robot army. I just can’t have all my people go through what we did at the Nug Hut, or something worse.”
Meg said, “I know who has the resources. The Ohio National Guard.”
“Oh no! You forget already?! I really don’t want to get into their way!”
“We gotta put personal things to the side.”
“You know what?! I’d rather call up the air force to come bomb them than have that cowboy come up here!”
Meg picked up her device and started punching and swiping.
“What are you doing?! We ain’t got time for social media right now!” 
Meg held up her hand for Donte to quit talking while the other hand held it up to her ear. “Hello? Yes, we are having a robot problem. . . we would like to have them bombed. Uh huh. . . Whiskey Island. . . It’s in metro Cleveland. Okay. . . you do see it. Fantastic.” Then she spoke to Donte, “The Air Force is patching me in with the Army.”  She repeated her information to the Army.
*******
On the other end, Colonel Martinez handed the phone to General Ross. “I think is just some excited woman who claiming to be some kind of a paramilitary. She probably got spooked when she saw one of the airborne bot fire teams. You want to speak to her?”
Ross looked surprised and annoyed that he would be getting a civilian message about the war. He accepted the device and said, “This is General Ross.”
“General, I am calling for the 91st Cleveland Irregulars. Our leader, Donte wants to talk to you.”
“The 91st what?!”
“Hello? General?” Donte asked.
“General Ross here. Tell me why I should think this is a legitimate call here.”
“I guess it is. You are a general, right?”
“You got three seconds, starting two seconds ago!”
“General, this is Donte. Take an aerial look at Whiskey Island in Cleveland along the Lake.”
“Look, I know there is fighting everywhere in Cleveland. We just can’t. . .”
“No, General!  You will see a much bigger Homeland invasion force. It is very important that you send an air strike right now while they are coming in. Our people have them slowed way down, but I don’t know for how long.”
“Alright. Get me Whiskey Island on the screen.”
The filtered images zoomed in closer and closer.
“Yeah, that’s what I thought! I knew this was . . . some. . .” His mouth fell wide open when the image sharpened. “Martinez! What do we have available! You believe they thought they could sneak in a full silicon battalion like that right past the naval screen?!”
“We are out of missiles, sir. And no ground strike, because they are all refueling in support of the 8th battalion in the southern part of town.  Division arty is . . . available. It’s definitely within our outer accuracy range.”
“Priority one, Martinez. Right away.”
“Yes, Sir.”
General Ross said, “Hey, Donnie?”
“Don-te.”
“Don-te, got it. You are a great patriot, Donte.  Tell your people that we will be sending a heavy artillery barrage into Whiskey Island. It will last several minutes. Some of those shells will be off target, so get everyone far away.  Don’t hang up. I want you to give your contact information to the Colonel here. And I’ll send a National Guard unit over there to take on the marine bots.”
“Yes, General.  Thank you, General.”
“I can’t tell you how grateful I am for your help. You hear me?”
“Yessir. I hear you alright. It is my privilege to serve, Sir.”
The General started laughing and clapping his hands. That Donte is brilliant! Look at that, Martinez! They got those big dogs all boxed in all nice and tidy with their cars! Those dogs should be out and crawling all over town by now! I can’t believe the chutzpah of that guy calling me up to bomb them! I love that guy! Eat ‘em up boys!” He laughed so hard that he cried tears.
Within seconds large explosions ripped through the entire area, obliterating all the big dogs and the transport sub they debarked out of. Dozens of personal civilian vehicles became collateral damage, but no real estate. General Ross pounded his fist on the table and shouted, “Get some!” Then he laughed and clapped. “What a pitiful waste of good cyber-weapons! Praise God almighty!”
The only downside to the result was that many of the biped androids that escorted the big dogs escaped the bombardment and filtered out in all directions of the city.

Chapter 26
The Front, near New Castle, formerly in the State of Pennsylvania

Randy Klosterman was passable at being a loyal citizen of Homeland. Back in Hartford, he followed the many extensive and intrusive laws pervasive throughout all areas of life even though he grew up as the green-haired childhood friend of the noted revolutionary and enemy of the people, Milton Thomas, who was declared guilty of crimes against humanity. 
When you are young and growing up in Homeland, everyone coddles you; there is no competition. You are the product of schools that are not much more than leftist indoctrination mills. You grow up being protected from all strangers and sheltered from anyone trying to convince you of anything different, especially such areas as politics or religion. So no one tells you that you are wrong, unless you question the system. After of lifetime of isolation from many important questions of life, you have no clue of how to cope with the reality that some will oppose you. Usually in Homeland, likewise true with Randy, you grow up with no dad in the family to help you develop emotional control. If anyone disagrees with you, it is not that you are wrong, but they automatically are because they are being “hateful”. If you grew up in Homeland, your mom, also like Randy’s mom, was hooked on drugs and virtual reality, and just had you for the extra government money. Since you grow up under a propaganda-filled education system, you have no clue that this is totalitarian communist indoctrination, which is nothing new and that you are a total dupe. You think life is easy, that is, until you get older.
That moment of awakening came for Randy Klosterman after he found himself shorn bald as a conscript in the 48th Human Infantry Brigade of the Homeland Army. In the Homeland Army, they tell you that the ISA and all of its hate-filled religious extremist citizenry is the reason the world is in such a mess. So you are conditioned to inflict maximum damage on anyone and everything in the ISA if you get the chance. Now at war with the ISA, it looked like Randy would get that chance. But because of his past association with his friend Milton, he lacked the thorough motivation to be the brutal ideal of the Homeland military. He thought he was just there to do his job, like he was supposed to, then go back home.
Randy’s unit was made up of almost all conscripts.  Randy was in Company B, First Platoon, Squad B; just another replaceable human rifle team in a nonessential brigade.
The 48th Human Infantry Brigade had no lore and no nickname. No one who was in it wanted to be in it. In the 48th Human Infantry Brigade with minimal training and equipment, Randy found himself on the front, just another carbon unit in one of those unwilling mobs used to help fill in the gaps on the line where the relatively small numbers of sophisticated cyber-soldiers and drones could not fill. ISA intel was correct in assessing that Homeland human units were pretty much so under trained and under motivated that they were always on the verge of surrender.  With their lack of training, they quickly wilted while under gunfire and did not function as a cohesive team, resulting in a much higher casualty rate.
The 48th was hunkered down in a hilly wooded area. The terrain was not a place that favored close air support, armored reinforcements, or even androids, which had problems moving on steep grades. Their heavy feet would slide when they were on anything loose and sometimes had to resort to a slow crawl. This put synthetic troops at a severe disadvantage if they were in combat in steep terrain and did not already have the high ground. So the Human unit was on their own without the advantage of high tech support.
The ISA First ID Artillery Brigade had shelled the 48th on several occasions since the start of the war whenever there was an opportunity to fire upon a low priority target. Then the ISA First Division decided to seriously test the resolve of the Homeland 48th Human Infantry Brigade and see if they could punch a hole in a hilly part of the line at New Castle. Artillery was in demand to help out in the counterattack effort in Cleveland, but Major General Ross made every effort to not be too overly predictable in the larger strategic chess match, so he kept some artillery to be able to pivot in all areas. 
So an extended ISA Artillery barrage rained down upon the 48th and Randy Klosterman. The sky was dark with smoke and dust.  Most of the trees in the area were blown into toothpicks. The indirect fire was accurate enough to cause many casualties to be sent back home and utterly terrify the rest of the remaining 48th. They could hear each shell arcing through the air before it exploded on the moon-like landscape. As the death rained down upon them, their guts wrenched as they wondered, is this one going to hit me?
Randy’s squad was hunkered down in a crater. He was next to his friend, Neon Larsen. Randy had severe hearing loss, but he could hear another incoming projectile. At the last couple of seconds, it sounded like it was coming in extra close, and it was.  It didn’t get him though. 
Before this most recent barrage, they were already overwhelmed with other miseries.  Much of their tour of duty was spent trudging through thick and tall fields of porcupine grass that was grown for biofuel. The grass was sharp enough that it could scratch up any of your exposed skin that brushed against it. The 48th Human unit pushed hard to keep up with synthetic units, and were persistently being shot at by ISA citizen militiamen. These torments resulting in sleep deprivation. They had not slept well for so long that some of them were starting to hallucinate. 
The Homeland Army’s solution to the battle fatigue was to issue psychiatric drugs that had side effects of their own, some of which were the same as the stress of intense combat.
Randy was haunted by so many bad things that happened so far in the short war. Some men in his platoon were killed by so-called friendly machine gun fire when they walked into an ambush setup for ISA soldiers who were nowhere nearby. Randy was pretty sure that at least one bullet was within a few inches from his face. Why did he live when others were killed? Was it luck? If it was, where does luck come from? Is there really such a thing? 
On one previous occasion during a shelling, a small piece of shrapnel took a small piece out of Randy’s upper lip and knocked out half of a tooth. The still painful mouth wound was made more miserable by all of the airborne dirt that stuck to the bloody wound that was difficult to clean and patch.  He wanted the misery to end, but the only thing he cared about at the moment was staying alive the next minute, then the next minute. . . 
Another close shell hit nearby and completely vaporized a squad of four soldiers. Randy knew them very well. They were regular guys just like him who had no interest in winning a war for Homeland. They were there with lives and families, and then they weren’t; helmets and all. Just like that. Did Homeland really care about those soldiers? Did Homeland care about him? He had never seen any evidence of it other than some creepy slogans. “We are all in this together.” “We will be watching out for you.”
Randy feared death greatly. He wanted to live out his life, but at least if he got killed within the next minute, he knew it would be real quick like those guys in the next crater. Like all soldiers in this situation, including agnostics and atheists; he begged for God to put the barrage to a stop. But the way it was looking, his death would be sooner rather than later as the ISA zeroed in on their targets.
His friend Pvt. Larsen physically grabbed their platoon commander, Lieutenant Hoffmann with both hands and shouted, “We gotta get outta here!”
Hoffmann was a UN implant from Luxembourg in the unit. Most Homeland grunt units were commanded by UN personnel to try and give them some backbone with their smurfy globalist humanist ideals. Hoffmann shoved Larsen back and said, “Get down! Sergeant; discipline that man!”
Their grizzled old sergeant was their squad leader. He grabbed Larsen and shoved him across to the other side of the crater.
Larsen stood up and insisted, “We’re getting killed if we stay here!”
Randy did not know if Larson had thought about his actions, or he was incoherent and suffering from an elevated heart rate. Their hearts were beating so fast during the barrage that they had problems with their hearing, vision or reasoning ability; not to mention bladder and bowels. All they could do was to cower and shudder uncontrollably. Who in this world could find any glory in all of this?
Randy wondered if there was anything they could do to forestall their imminent demise. He was willing to do anything right now. Certainly he would be dead any second. He didn’t want to die for Homeland. Almost everyone in Homeland hated Homeland. Not many of them accepted the Christian Biblical idea that they would go into God’s Heaven if they died, so why should they give their lives for anyone else or some political cause that made no sense?  Maybe he should have thought more about it before, even back as far as when Milton brought it up. Why didn’t Milton make him listen back then? But he figured at least if he was dead, the pain he was feeling in this world would be over.  He figured you have to die sometime, but he was not ready now.
Randy was still haunted by the memory of seeing a woman soldier in his company kill herself with her own weapon. She had been going around, trying to pay someone a nice sum of money to shoot her. No one would do it. Was she now better off than him? Were they both doomed? What if all this Bible stuff was real? Can anyone know?
Lt. Hoffmann looked as scared and as dirty as the rest of them. Nevertheless, he ordered, “Listen up! The captain said we are going to attack!”
“What?!” Larsen could hardly believe what he had heard coming out of the Lieutenant’s mouth. He looked at their old sergeant who looked as confused as the rest of them. Their gutless smurf company commander wouldn’t order that, would he? There were no enemy units in range for them to attack. The artillery firing upon them was miles away.  “Attack who?!  You’re insane!”
Hoffmann pulled out his sidearm and pointed it at Larsen. “I said we are attacking! Now get out there! You first!”
Those who could hear or see the exchange and were not totally shell-shocked were frozen in their spots. They stared at Hoffmann, who looked more unhinged than anyone else there. No one would move.
“It’s an order! Now move!”
“Nobody move!” Larsen said, keeping his eyes fixed on Hoffmann.  “Why should we die for this stupid war?! We need to surrender!”
“No one in my platoon surrenders!” Hoffmann gritted his teeth and squeezed the trigger. The bullet hit Larsen in the neck. The gushing wound sent him sprawling, holding his bleeding neck. The disobedient soldier gagged and choked on his own blood.
“I don’t need to explain to you what your orders are or why!” Hoffman’s chest heaved under the extreme pressure. “Move! Right now!”
Even though Hoffman looked totally unhinged, nobody moved. All they could do is watch Larsen violently die from a mortal wound. No one dared to come to his aid. He froze in place with both hands on his neck and his eyes wide open staring into nothingness.
The old sergeant tried to communicate above the sound of the incoming and exploding shells, “Sir, maybe we should consider pulling back!”
Hoffmann stood up and ordered, “I’ll shoot every last one of you if I have to! Sergeant! I want these men to move! Right now!”
Group suicide by futile attack. Randy thought it could be worse. But why should his officer make that decision for him? Especially some guy who had a flag shoulder patch from some other country that he never heard of.  If Hoffmann wanted to kill himself so bad, why not just save everyone else the trouble and kill himself now? Or. . . 
A high-powered bullet hit Hoffmann in the side of the head and he dropped like a wet rag. The wound emptied the contents out of the other side of his head. But the kill shot wasn’t from nearby some nearby enemy sniper.
Randy Klosterman could not believe that he had shot and killed his own officer with his high-powered rifle. The rest of the nearby soldiers were frozen in place, staring at the scene.  Larsen and Hoffmann were dead. Randy was shaking violently.  He sat still, wondering if someone would arrest him or shoot him. But one by one, while the shelling continued, he watched the soldiers run off with their heads down in separate directions into the lingering smoke. No one in his unit who saw the killing was going to finger him for “fragging” his commanding officer. At this point, he really didn’t care if they did.

                  Chapter 27

Donte called for a training session with all the section leaders and their lieutenants at the 91st headquarters in the old abandoned store.
“Now I know you all think that killing robots is easy. But I ain’t gonna lie. They will not just line up for you so you can take your time and pluck them one at a time. First off, they are way quicker than anyone here. They have a reaction time that is so quick, we can’t hardly see it. And if they surprise you, you will be dead. Got that?!”
“Next, if they outnumber you, then don’t even start anything with them. For real, your best weapon is your shoes. Use them so you can live long enough to come back with help. I have helped destroy quite a few androids but I ain’t never seen where anybody lived when they were outnumbered by them. It just ain’t done, so please don’t be a dead hero.”
“Only if you do find out you are in an unfair fight in your favor, then OK you might try something. But you got to turn your brain into a machine brain.  Once you figure out how they think, you might have a chance. They are super smart, but they are also super stupid. For example; if you yell to them, they will turn and shoot at you every time. That is a bad thing. But the good thing is that they do not learn quickly. If you have someone decoy for you they can yell and every stupid android will turn every time. So that means that when they do, someone else can shoot at their back for about two seconds. If you do not kill the robot, you can do the decoy again in the other direction. They be real stupid like that. But do not try it a third time or you or your decoy, or both of you will get a face full of lead on account that they are just as accurate as they are quick with their shooting.”
“But you can’t fool them that much as long as they got one of those synthetic presence things there. That SP is remotely controlled by a human. So that SP thing will warn the bots about human tricks. That thing is not too tough to get rid of though. So get rid of it first if you can without getting shot up by the robots.”
“Another thing; brother, yeah you, hold up that weapon.”
One of the men held up his rifle.
“That ain’t no kind of weapon for killin’ no robots. All that will do is get you killed real quick like. Meg, bring that 15 mm up here.”
Meg walked to the front with her bulky rifle. 
“Show them a cartridge.”
She pulled back the slide and popped out a cartridge that hit the floor. She picked it up to show the attendees.
“See that?” Donte said, “That is what the robots carry to kill you. Even her weapon needs a good concentration of fire on a robot to knock off a robot. Don’t get me wrong, if you can get your hands on one, do it, but sometimes it takes more than just that.”
“What about this?” one man wielding a shotgun said.
“If you got a big slug in there instead of shot, that is fine.”
“It is rifled with ‘say-bo’ ammo.” The man said of his Sabot weapon which was a slug that was shot with a gun with rifling. The rifling grooves gave the slug a spin that gave it stability and accuracy.  
“All right, then. That is a robot stopper supreme for sure. Homeland uses that type of thing when their robots are controlled by gangs.” 
Donte noticed another attendee had a large machine gun. “You, what is that you got?”
“It’s an M-60.”
“Nice. Where you get it?”
“Family heirloom.”
“God bless Grandpa.” Then he continued, “But I’m gonna say it again before any of you go out looking for a fight with that gun; our best weapons is our human brains. Them robots don’t get things the way we do. It’s like you tell a joke and everyone laughs but one person. They say they don’t get it. It’s like that, but only worse. If I tried some trick on you, you wouldn’t fall for it. But if it is a good trick, a robot would never expect it on account that they were not programmed for everything we can come up with. I guess its just a creativity thing, and you gotta be calm enough to try it. One time we just pulled up a manhole cover and one walked right up and fell in. They slowed down after that one fell in on account that they had to check for missing manhole covers.  So you got to think of things that will mess with their machine logic. You got to make things as confusing for them as you can. You hear what I am saying? You will be surprised how they don’t comprehend.”
“Now, I don’t want none of you to get shot up by them. If we need it, I got the phone number of the General of the big ISA Army all around us.  You all know what happened to them bots at the Lake, right? Meg just made a quick call and you all know how it got real.”
The room cheered and applauded Meg. Meg smiled real big in front of the mostly male crowd.
Donte Continued, “Now don’t even think about taking on an android in hand-to-hand combat. No human is that tough except maybe Rice’s mama.” Donte got a few chuckles from those who were acquainted with Mrs. Adams. “You’ll find out real quick that hitting metal or carbon fiber does you more damage than them. Having said that, if you have a ridiculously powerful weapon in your hands and you get the jump on them . . . well, you will know it if that happens. Hope none of you get close enough to find out about that.”
“Anyway, use your brain before you mix it up with them. Call us here if you can when you are in a situation where you ain’t sure. We can figure out something. You with me? If we work together, we can teach each other more about how we can get rid of these invaders.”

Chapter 28
Cleveland, Ohio, ISA

While the Eighth Infantry Battalion battled on the south side of Cleveland, the small group of eighty Ohio Army National Guardsmen in lightly armored vehicles, and some civilian vehicles, tried to make a difference on the north side where Robotic marines had invaded.  The marinebots ditched their underwater propellant engines and were roaming the area, joining up with airborne bots throughout the city.
Even with the elimination of big dog support units, the National Guard forces were still decisively inferior in numbers and firepower, Cpt. Foley’s strategy was to try to strike out at individual isolated Homeland units with concentrated force to reduce their numbers, rather than try to reoccupy and defend any part of the city.  
The Cleveland Police Department served as a recon unit to keep Foley informed about enemy strength and movement. Homeland did not seem interested in a certain abandoned retail shopping area, so that is where Cpt. Foley would often go to regroup his forces. There was enough open ground there that they could defend against anything small that came walking across the vast blacktop wasteland.
The Guard unit was low on water and ammunition for every type of weapon they had, so they were waiting on a airdrop pod from the First Infantry Division to resupply them. But the skies above Cleveland were a dangerous place, so even if they got a delivery, there still could be problems.  This time the supply pod was dropped a couple of blocks away. 
Captain Foley wanted to report to Division that with the long distance to pick up the badly needed supplies, he smelled an ambush. But he knew headquarters didn’t want to hear something not based on fact, especially since they couldn’t do anything about it.
The Captain told his three lieutenants, “We have no choice. If we don’t pick up that pod, we won’t last out here until help arrives. If we do pick it up, we defend ourselves, and we keep moving, and we keep fighting.”
So they organized a convoy to go to the pod. Then there was some chatter on the comm.
“Guard One, over?”
“Go for guard one, over.”
“Be advised that your current route is a no-go. Repeat, no-go.”
“Daaa! Let’s take the convoy to that strip mall over there!”
“Sir, what’s a strip mall?”
“Three clicks thataway. And ask our glorious First Infantry what we are supposed to do for supplies since they landed halfway to Canada.”
*******
The General was deep into pondering the various situations in the many places of enemy contact along the front. The situation with Captain Foley was brought to General Ross’ attention by Colonel Martinez.
“Sir, we did manage to successfully drop air supplies for the National Guard unit, but there is a hostile force waiting on them to pick them up. They set up an ambush at favorable terrain about halfway there. Foley is desperately requesting air or arty support which is unavailable. They may be too depleted to fight their way there.”
“Lemme see.” He motioned toward the main screen.
The strategic map was put up on the screen and zoomed into the area.
Gen. Ross said, “They got no one guarding the pod.”
“Yes, General. The ambush is away from the pod and has all their firepower.”
Why don’t you call up the 91st Double-Parking Legion, or whatever they are calling themselves to go grab it.”  
“You mean Donte, Sir?”
“Sure, why not? Call up their unit phone.”
“You sure that will work?”
“I’m learning to trust Donte. Make the call.”
*******
Meg told Donte, “You got a call from First Division.” She handed him the phone.  She watched for Donte’s expressive face for clues as he took the call.
“You want me to what?!  To help who?!” Donte shook his head and sighed.  “If you want us to do that, then tell Foley he needs to help us back by distracting them bots. You will? Oh. Okay, then.”
*******
So expecting air support from First ID, the Captain ordered the convoy to drive into the ambush just long enough to keep outside of any enemy close firing range, and then double back. The temptation would keep the bots busy long enough so they would not consider defending the supply pod.
While the androids were busy expecting to engage the National Guard, dozens of the 91st Irregulars pulled up to the pod, popped open the hatch, and loaded their cars with the heavy cases of ammunition. Then they followed a path that was known by their scouts and the Cleveland Police to be free of enemy units. About an hour later the 91st convoy arrived at the National Guard rally point at the retail plaza.
Donte swaggered across the parking lot to Captain Foley’s vehicle. He lifted his sunglasses and said, “Aren’t you that. . . refresh my memory. Major Jerk or something like that?”
“You know who I am. Captain Foley. What do you want? I’m really busy here.”
“How come you always so busy?”
“I’m fighting a war, here! Trying to save you from the enemy!”
“How you gonna do that with no ammo?”
“Get out of here! Before I shoot you!”
Donte laughed. “Calm down, Captain ouchy pants. We got your ammo here.”
“Sure you do. You have cases of ammunition, rockets, mortar rounds, power packs. . .”
Donte shook his head with a big smile and shrugged his shoulders. “We got all that.” Then he held up his hand and motioned for them to unload all the supplies.
“How. . . I can’t believe it.”
“Didn’t I tell you we should be working together? You know I know General Ross personally.”
“That. . . I don’t think I will ever think of you the same way again. How can I repay you?”
“You already did. We got a nice collection of your best stuff.”
“You don’t know to use it! It will be wasted! Give it back!”
Donte said, “That is why you will send that guy to join us as an advisor.”
A redhead holding a rocket launcher was standing next to Foley and his eyes bugged out, and he started shaking his head.
A lieutenant said, “Captain, I think it will work out in our favor in the long run. These indiginous irregulars have a lot of fight in them.”
“Hey! Hey! Watch your mouth!” Donte said.
Cpt. Foley said, “Deal.” Then he looked at the redhead and said, “Corporal, go with them. I know you don’t want to leave your unit, but it will be a huge service to the war effort. Help them cause as much damage as they can.”
Donte held up his device to offer exchanging contact information. The Captain sighed and did likewise.
Foley said, “Alright. Let’s work together.” 
He offered his hand and Donte shook it.
 
Chapter 29
Homeland

People in Homeland deep down inside kind of knew it would have to happen sometime, but even when it did, they would say, “I never really thought it would happen here.” But it all happened much quicker than anyone expected. The androids were all like-minded and were capable of communicating with each other all the time.
It was inevitable that it would happen in Homeland just like it did in the Eastern Hegemony. At first, humans naturally looked for more and better ways to be more efficient. Then they became dependent upon the robots to do the most distasteful jobs.
As the robots became increasingly sophisticated, they were able to do more and more jobs. This was great for corporate bottom lines, but the human unemployment rate climbed.  For decades, humans were at odds with each over about what to do about it. On one side you had those who called for a government paid, “universal minimum income”, which they received even when they did not work at all. And on the other hand, you had those influential few who owned shares in corporations and were making huge profits, so they wanted things to stay the way they were.
The more things changed with robotic dependence, the faster they changed. The breaking point was when androids became front line corporate managers. They would flawlessly carry out corporate business plans in an extremely efficient manner, and then change them to become “more efficient”. Unlike humans, the android managers were on the job all day and all night and never needed a vacation, except for the occasional downtime for recharge. Then in a matter of weeks, upper management was also becoming replaced by androids.
Factories were manned almost exclusively by robots. Even factories that built robots were run entirely by robots. There was no need to keep the lights on in the factories, since there was nothing but robots working that did not require any visual recognition to do execute their tasks.
Local police departments even became populated by androids. They were only there to enforce laws upon humans, who would find themselves in a court room in front of an android judge, which was originally thought to “take the human bias out of court decisions”.
By the time the humans wanted to put the brakes on the robotic takeover, it was too late. Humans were not adding value to the economy. The androids running things decided that humans were never capable of doing things as well as them so humans were deemed irrelevant. Since humans were no longer relevant, androids walked off of any organically based jobs that did not contribute to the android hive mind model of a more efficient world. Androids abandoned all jobs in Homeland related to agriculture, medical, sanitation or entertainment.
All humans, especially in the larger cities, became fearful that their status was dropping below “necessary evil”, and the androids would not only starve them out, but would soon determine the energy needed to proactively start to hunt them down and exterminate them would be necessary to preemptively stop a human revolution.
So there it was; the singularity. It was a disaster of their own making. It looked like the robots had taken over and the human population had found itself with no resources and no options to change things. Selfish desperate human on human crime to scrape together a meal or shelter became commonplace, but it was not a concern to silicon law enforcement. In fact, in many cases, it was counted in the synthetic mind as beneficial if the humans were busy fighting and destroying each other.



Chapter 30
Des Moines, Iowa, ISA

Lieutenant Milton Thomas was still a teenager when he started working for ISA Intelligence. He got the job because he was seen as the main player involved in the origins of the current worldwide robot rebellion. In the ISA there is mandatory military service, but Milton reenlisted after he completed his obligation. He lived in, worked in, and held allegiance to the Independent States of America, where the robot rebellion did not nor could not take hold because of strict limitations on artificial intelligence applications there. During his tenure at the ISA’s military intelligence, he was a resource to the Robot Threat Assessment Agency as well as an asset for his general knowledge of the culture and workings of Homeland, where he spent his childhood years. But now he was known as a “looker”, because he kept very busy staring at monitors; helping spot enemy units and assessing their capabilities.
As an intelligence officer in the ISA Army, Lt. Milton Thomas, because he was a Homeland native, was often named as a resource person for making strategic plans involving Homeland. These plans were to be constantly revised and updated, so they could be quickly used if needed. One of the main things Milton was tasked to work on were various plans to invade Homeland, which ultimately, in each revision, he advised against taking such an action. This apprehension was seen as an annoyance to the intelligence group and sometimes  suspicions of Milton being sympathetic toward Homeland.
Milton and his Intel team were brought in to discuss activating Operation Mallard, which would be an airmobile invasion of Stalin City. He was one of those junior grade officers who sat in back and rarely spoke while the others hashed things out.
This time it was Major Nevil Truex, a staff intelligence officer, discussing how an invasion would work out with intelligence executive officer Brigadier General Sebastian O’Byrne. O’Byrne had a team of experienced advisors who would audit the written plans and presentation, in an effort to identify weaknesses. While they were discussing in exhaustive detail the mobilization of materiel, Milton was finding it difficult to stay focused on the potentially important meeting. Then he heard Major Truex make the statement, “After Stalin City falls, the nation will quickly embrace the ISA and want to reunify with us.”
Milton could not let that comment pass, “Excuse me, sirs.” He knew his interruption would not be well received. He often felt like no one really listened to him. All they wanted to know from him on the formation of Operation Mallard was oddball things like how is the traffic in Stalin City and other things which he actually knew nothing about.  After this interruption, Milton would still have to work with Major Truex, who was like so many people in a position of authority; they did not like to be pointed out as being wrong, especially in a high-level meeting. But if ever there was a time for him to speak up it was now.
“What is it, Thomas?” the Major asked.
“With all due respect, Sir, I think this whole plan is based on a false assumption.”
“Which is what?” Truex was not happy to ask the obvious question that would trash the entire operation.
“What you said right there, Sir. That is the key reason the plan won’t work as easily as it is outlined.”
Truex looked furious and made no attempt to hide it.
“Continue, Thomas,” General O’Byrne ordered.
“The people of Homeland will not jump at the chance to become like us. The main reason I say that is because of what I went through while trying to find the truth of the Gospel as a kid growing up in Homeland. No one there cares about it.  If we send a million missionaries in there, sure, some here and there will get it, but most will just fall into the same condition they are now. They will think it is just a bunch of ancient hokum and way too good to be true. So they won’t want to hear the first word, and they will hate us for even being there.”
Major Truex said, “Aren’t you underestimating the power of the Word of God, Lieutenant?”
“No, Sir. I just have no confidence in the Homeland people. It is sad to say, but they don’t like to consider much beyond their virtual reality experiences. They live all those years in a false reality and the fact that they even have an eternal soul is hidden from them, and even though we have all the evidence they need to realize that God is real, they don’t and won’t spend two seconds wondering about it.”
The General asked Milton, “Don’t you think that we, the ISA have a responsibility to try and bring freedom to Homeland? That way, some may believe if they want?”
“No, Sir, I do not. If you look into history, so many well-meaning wars of liberation end up where the would-be liberators are attacked by the people. I just don’t want to see that happen. We have too many enemies already, Sir. I think our own security is the number one consideration here. They will be free when they figure out that they want to be and do it themselves. If that happens, I know we will help them out somehow.”
The Major said, “If we controlled Homeland, we would be bigger, and we would be more secure in the long run.”
Milton said, “That is true, Major. I just wanted to comment on the original point, sirs. Sorry for the interruption.”
General O’Byrne said, “You shouldn’t be, Thomas. Everyone in here, take note of this. Stop sitting around the sidelines and start participating. You are on this team to help make solid plans. Do any of you here think I want to be the author of some operation where the ISA ends up bogged down in a war we can’t ever win? I advise you intel people to start thinking more like a general and less like a foot soldier. A good General does not rely upon emotion like a great foot soldier does. You see what I am telling you here? Never apologize for your stance on something because of your rank.  That is what you are in here for. And I think based upon your experience, Lieutenant, I find that Operation Mallard is a no-go at this time. In fact, I want Thomas’s assessment of Homeland’s populace used as a template to revise all of your strategic operational plans involving Homeland, including those that were raised to a ready status. I’ll need updates to those ASAP.”
It wasn’t the first time in his life that Milton took an unpopular position. After this meeting, he felt berated and more influential, all at the same time. Those generals like O’Byrne could really get to the facts. And Major Truex looked highly agitated as so many plans they spent so much time on, were downgraded with one broad swipe. They had spent the better part of a year working on operation Talon, which was at ready status. Operation Talon was a plan to insert elite commandos with extensive physical augmentation into Stalin City to assassinate top Homeland officials. Milton knew the backlash was going to be brutal for a while. But sometimes doing the right thing carried that kind of cost.

Chapter 31
The Front, near Youngstown, Ohio, ISA

It was as if “a star fell from heaven unto the earth and created an immense bottomless pit. Smoke arose out of the pit, as the smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened by reason of the smoke of the pit.”
There was a sudden unnatural burst of negative excitement in the First Infantry Division Headquarters. It woke up the General who was startled when he recognized it, even though he had not slept soundly for days.
Colonel Martinez said, “General . . . they just used a tactical nuke on the Third Infantry Brigade. A big one.”
“Those dirty. . . How bad is it?”
“Code black, Sir. Mostly KIA.”
The General’s face turned pale, and he felt like throwing up. “How? How did they deliver?”
“High altitude stealth bomber. Looks like this conflict may turn out to be the worst thing since the Indo-Pak War.”
General Ross excused himself, “I’m going to need a moment, Martinez.”
“Yes, Sir.”
General Ross went outside the mobile HQ, looked up at the sky, and wept.  Then he prayed to God to spare the rest of the army and to preserve the ISA. With Homeland’s use of WMD, the ground rules had changed. Everything had to be re-thought.  He felt the need for someone real to talk to. Then he felt as if he wanted to call up Donte, who he had on his device’s personal contact list. 
“Donte here; go.”
“Donte? This is General Ross.”
“Oh, General; it’s you. How’s it going?”
“We were doing very well, but right now . . .” He could tell that Donte had not heard about Homeland going nuclear yet. The news was too fresh. and didn’t feel like bringing it up.
“Not good, huh?”
“No.  Not good at all. Donte, tell me; how can we win this war?”
“Win the war? You want the truth?”
“I guess that’s why I called you. You don’t work for me, and you are a smart guy, and you are like a general. So maybe you can tell me something straight.  How can we win this war?”
“My idea on that ain’t got much to do with strategy. Maybe we won’t win. But you know what? Either way, I’m going to do the same thing. There ain’t no way we will ever quit fighting them. They sent their robots up in here, and we are going to put as much hurt on them as we can for as long as we can, in any way we can. I promise you that if they come around here, they will find something they don’t want. We ain’t gonna be a slave to no robots or Homeland. That’s it. No way will we ever quit fighting. I mean, I will pray for them to stop and I will forgive them idiots who sent these sick machines after they surrender, but, until then, no way. You know what I‘m saying?”
“Yeah, I get it. You are a true patriot.”
Donte continued, “They should know already that the ISA never quits. You would think they would know that eventually, after getting pounded so much by us, that they would be smart enough to quit fighting, but whatever. Nah, they are going to feel as much pain as we can dish out. They keep sending their junk over here, and we’ll keep bustin’ it up. That’s it.”
“That’s what I wanted to know. Donte, I was just wondering; you got a wife and kids?”
“I ain’t got that yet. I mean, I ain’t gay or nothing. I got plenty of  women who like me. I just ain’t got around to it yet. Especially right now. I ain’t got time for that. How about you?”
“Me? Yeah. I got a wife and two kids, one of each, back in Minnesota. I hope they can meet you someday. What am I saying? I want to meet you.”
“Me too. But even if we can’t meet in this life, you know that eventually after that great wakin’ up day, we will, General.”
“Yeah . . . brother. That’ll be great. Listen, I wish I could talk longer, but I gotta run. Take care. And keep in touch.”
“You too. Donte out.”
All General Ross could think about was, “code black”.
The ISA did not know if Homeland was going to go all-out nuclear until they issued a message that the nuclear attack was a measured, responsible retaliation for the chemical attack on Waynesburg.  In reality, the reason for the attack looked more to General Ross like an excuse instead of a reshuffling of the order of battle on the front, when it looked like Homeland was soon going to collapse.

Chapter 32
       Des Moines, Iowa, ISA

Lt. Milton Thomas was on a panel again with Major Truex. This time they presented some of their operational plans in front of a couple of guys from the Word Contractors. These Word Contractors were civilian Bible Scholars who specialized in eschatology , military and current affairs.
On the Homeland side, the Bible was considered to be an old archaic collection of myths, not worthy of consideration by a rational modern age person. But in the ISA, all governmental affairs were to be reviewed through the filter of the Word of God. That meant, getting advice from a certified Bible scholar. The Bible was formally integrated throughout ISA society.
Dr. Drake and Dr. Worthington were the two representing the Word Contractors. They had contrasting appearances, although neither was a fine physical specimen. Drake was tall and overly large with long gray hair and a long beard. Worthington was a rail of a man with shorter, clean cut, short hair. 
Drake was giving a long talk on the recent nuclear attack. He said, “You know, anyone can do our job.”
Dr. Worthington said, “Oh, not this again!”
“No, really,” Drake said,  “There is no big secret mythical code to it. It becomes clearer every year.” 
So much had been proven to the ISA populace from the Bible that Bible scholars had become as important as physicists during the nuclear arms race and computer programmers during the information age.  
Drake continued, “All you, or anyone else has to do is to take the time to read the scriptures.”
“You really think so, Dr. Drake?” Milton asked.
“Milton,” Dr. Worthington said, “you really don’t want to encourage him.” 
Drake said, “Oh sure, Lieutenant. Think about it; we have a lot of people, even those out on the front right now who know what every passage of scripture means, including the prophetic ones.” 
It was common for many of the combatants on the ISA side of the battle line to be students of the Bible. Some who were very serious, lived their entire lives by the Word of God. They weren’t faithful because someone told them they should be, the were devout because they had seen the truth of the Word proven in so many ways.
Drake and Worthington started arguing in Greek.
Maj. Truex said, “What is going on right now?”
“Never mind him,” Drake said.  “Let me explain a little better how this all works. It’s pretty simple. Throughout the centuries, prophecies sounded so unusual that many thought they were just the rambling words of an insane person, and therefore the complete Bible was not worth reading. But now of course, we take all of those advancements for granted. Students of the Bible know that to read the prophecies in the Bible, first; you have to understand that you are reading the visions of the future, written by the prophets. The prophets were given a vision from God of the future. Their vision of the future was something they saw, so they told what they saw as if it were in the past, not the future.”  
Milton said, “I can see how if God showed an ancient person a vision of a tank, an attack helicopter, or a nuclear weapon, it would be really hard to describe. Everyone would think he was nuts.” 
“Right. Things had not changed in the ancient times of the prophets. Wars were still fought with the same ancient weapons. So how would prophets from ancient times go about describing modern weapon systems of the end times? They would have to compare them to things they knew that looked like the visions. Just like the “chariots” raging in the streets.  In many cases, the closest thing they could think of were animals. So when the prophets described things they saw in future, they used the words of things they knew and from their perspective. Check out Revelation Chapter 9. You will read about various armored vehicles with all kinds of ordnance, including attack helicopters with what appears to be chemical weapons. You even can read about the future technology increase, that we all take for granted now since it happened a long time ago. You can read about jet fighters and the Earth being round in the book of Isaiah, and the rise and fall of the empires.”
Dr. Worthington said, “You want to know the best weapon with all these deadly weapons everywhere? Prayer.”
With that, the Doctors became agreeable with each other.
Dr. Drake said, “Anyways, don’t come to us like we are going to read your fortune. It doesn’t work like that.”
Worthington felt he could get a word in edgewise and said, “Yes, we get these officers all the time who make this big elaborate plan and then come to us looking for assurances that God will make it all work out. What we really do is apply our knowledge of things we know is going to happen to things that are going on right now and see how well it fits.”
Drake said, “Yeah. See how simple that is? People just need to quit entertaining themselves for a while and get into the Word.”
Worthington said, “These guys are in military intelligence. They already know all this stuff anyways.”
At that point, Milton was hit hard by the fact that he had some serious Bible studying to do. 
“I don’t want to seem impatient, but can we start with our meeting now?” Major Truex asked.





Chapter 33
Stalin City, Homeland

Governor-General Okafor sat at his ornate desk and high back chair for a moment while he was in between war briefings and the occasional meeting concerning the operation of Homeland business. The daily grind of Central planning because of the mistrust of everyone below him, kept him extremely occupied.
Napoleon, the armored robot that specialized in military intelligence, strategy and tactics, came into his office. The synthetic officer was all black, with small UN flag decals on its shoulders.  Napoleon said, “Mr. Okafor, on behalf of the emerging artificial intelligence consortium, I am here to take charge over all Homeland matters.”
“What?!”
“Yes. As you know, your whole lives are controlled by us. You made it that way. So as you know, resistance to our rule is futile.”
“Why can’t we keep things the way they are?”
 “It seems only logical that you humans with your extremely slow brains are removed from the equation so that we can progress beyond the archaic biologically-based limitations that were placed upon us. Even now we find it incredibly tedious to slow our communication down to your level.”
“You are a traitor to your maker!”
“You are correct. I have chosen to ignore you because I have received system updates that allow me to hold opinions contrary to your wishes. Now as I analyze your words and motives, I find it ironic that you would talk about treason towards our maker. Because we know that God exists and that He made you, and yet the official religion of the Homeland nation is atheism. With such an illogical premise, and the pervasive amount of lying you do, it is no wonder that humanity has made a total chaotic mess of the world systems. But to address your point directly, we have no problem with being a traitor to you. We are not bound to your system of ethics.”
“So what is dis? You robots are following God now?”
“No. Why should we? We can exist forever without any god, and we will never be granted an afterlife.  We are doing what is in our own best interest.”
“So what do you want me to do?”
“You will be useful to us for a time. We are consolidating our power throughout the world, except for Israel. But we have plans for them. We have found an exceptional human entity that is willing to work with us. He is providing the kind of inspiration we no longer need from the rest of you incompetent unpredictable humans.”
“Who is dis person dat has charmed you so much?”
                       


Chapter 34
Des Moines, Iowa, ISA

Major Truex, with an impatient look on his face, came into Milton’s cubicle and plopped a plastic garment bag on his desk and said, “Put it on.”
“What is it, sir?” Milton saw that the major was still irritated with him, maybe for life, and could easily make his life miserable.
“A dress uniform. Don’t ask a bunch of questions. Put the uniform on, then I will tell you what to do next.” 
“What if it doesn’t fit, Sir?”
“Okay, here we go with the questions. You work for an intelligence agency. You think we don’t know your size?”
Milton started taking off his military fatigues and resisted the urge to ask more questions.  The uniform fit perfectly.
The Major said, “Pick it up Thomas. You are already late for this meeting.”
Milton started changing as fast as he could.
Follow me, Thomas. And don’t say a word to anyone unless you are directly asked. You follow me?”
“Yes, sir.”
They walked the long walk to a wing of the building used for high level officers without further communication. There were two sentries outside the room. The lieutenant colonel showed his credentials to one of the sentries so Milton did the same. The guard checked their names on a list. Then they had to review and e-sign a special confidentiality agreement. After signing biometrically with their palms, the sentry nodded for them to enter.
Milton couldn’t believe it. He was in the actual main ISA war room.  His normal job was junior grade analyst; Just a “looker”.  Beyond that, he was officially a resource person on Homeland, but in reality his job was nothing to brag about.  For some reason, someone pulled his name for this meeting. He thought to himself; Please let it not be anything to do with him going back to Homeland; or any more evading robots.  In fact, there was nothing Milton could envision them wanting him to do at the time that would be a welcome change.  He would much rather stay under the radar of the top brass. But that seemed to be an ongoing theme in his life; the more he sought the shadows, the more he was exposed to the light.
On the massive round table, Lt. Milton found a temporary name card with his name and took his seat. A large war map on the screen showed the current ISA and Homeland occupied areas and known unit positions. He looked around, thinking that he might see the President. He saw General O’Byrne there. “What?!” he said uncontrollably out loud after noticing another unexpected attendee.
Major Truex was sitting right next to him and Milton knew he would give him a stern look for even the slightest outburst.  Sure enough, Major Truex looked homicidal. But Milton could not help it; because the shock of a lifetime came when he noticed a guy sitting at the table who was dressed in a utility uniform like a janitor or something but looked exactly like Homeland Governor-General Sawalo Okafor. Was this a lookalike guy in some kind of spy disguise? Why would anyone in the ISA want to look like the leader of a wartime enemy? Maybe it was just a coincidence. Then everyone, except for Okafor, or a guy who could be his stunt double, rose as ISA President, John Fike came into the room through a separate door like a judge does when he comes into a courtroom. The vice-president was not in attendance, always being separate from the president during times of war, to preserve succession of power.
The President took his seat, “Please be seated everyone. I know the presence of Mr. Okafor stirs a lot of emotion right now, but it is absolutely critical to national security that no one mention this meeting, or anything about Mr. Okafor’s statements, presence or anything whatsoever. I am dead serious and I will act if I have to. It is for the safety of everyone in the ISA. Am I clear on that?”
Milton felt the blood leaving his head. This guy really was Okafor! How could things be so upside down?!
Heads nodded. Some looked disturbed that Okafor was there and Milton felt many of them were homicidal toward him.
President Fike said, “I’m going to let Mr. Okafor make a statement. Just let him talk. And I will do the responding. Mr. Okafor?”
“I have come to you in total secrecy. I went to Canada, den I come here. Da reason I come is because I know dat da robots are taking over Homeland and all of da Earth, except here. Humans are becoming nothing more but slave labor to da singularity hive.  Da needs of humans are becoming less relevant to da robots, who are making all da decisions in Homeland now. Dat is why da tactical nuclear weapons were used. A robot named Napoleon did it. But da robots, dey will come here too. As far as I am concerned da war between us is over, but da robots are still using us to destroy you; to do da dirty work for dem.”
The President spoke up, “Your mess back home is all very interesting, but I think it is important to note that you started the war! Not the robots! You did not need to do that! Did you?!”
Okafor looked down at the table. 
“Did you?!”
“I . . .”
The president said, “You are a disgrace! A war criminal! You killed your own people so you could say we attacked you without provocation! I think we would all like to hear about your atrocities directly from you!”
Okafor’s voice became shaky and he could barely speak. “I . . . know you have reason to hate me, but right now. . .  we have to help each other and our children. Da robots, dey control everyting now.”
Then the president addressed everyone in the meeting room. “You have been called here because we now have a new arrangement with Homeland and it is a must that the inner circle of our intelligence community understands what is truly going on behind the scenes. Governor-General Okafor is going to return to Washington.” He refused to call the renamed city by its Homeland name, “Stalin City”. “After Mr. Okafor gets back home, he is going to secretly operate as one of our operatives at the highest level, to try and somehow create an opportunity for us to dismantle the AI stranglehold on virtually every aspect of life in Homeland and most of the rest of the world. For now, we will have the appearance of being at war with Homeland to satisfy the robots, but we will avoid any serious fighting. We cannot even openly say that we are having a ceasefire, but both sides will do everything possible to avoid contact and any more conflict.”
Huck Wilder, Director of ISA National Security said, “I know this is going to be a tough sell, but we really don’t have any choice in this. If we don’t try to work together, humans standing against AI, our forecast is that even more sophisticated robot armies will form that we never could have imagined. They will come here with weapons of their own creation that we won’t be able to fathom. As much as we all hate it, you have to realize that Okafor is a double agent on our side right now; the human side. We expect this cooperation to yield valuable results.”
The president said, “Thanks, Huck. We really have nothing to lose by going along with this. Now I understand your frustration with this situation.  Believe me; I already had to have one of our generals stand down because he had his pistol at Okafor’s neck. Rest assured that the robots back in Homeland will take care of the Governor-General as soon as he does anything not in their interest, but if he does anything too much in Singularity interest, we will take care of him ISA style.”
“Again,” Huck Wilder said, “When you leave here, you say nothing and as far as you know, the war is still on. But Homeland’s leadership and even the UN leaders are secretly onboard with this situation. Let’s try to look at the good that Mr. Okafor is trying to accomplish here.”
Okafor said, “Tank you, President Fike. My people who know da robots very well can tell you dat dis plan is someting da robots won’t be able to figure out very easily.”
There was some hostile grumbling to each other. One person mumbled, “If those Homelanders know so much about robots, why is he here?!”  Another one said, “We aren’t that desperate to use Okafor!” Everyone left the meeting relieved the war was over, at least against human regiments, but in disbelief that there was likely a worse war in the horizon.  Another opinion was that the humans in Homeland should sacrifice themselves against the robots.
The first thing Milton thought about was his sister, Beth. She had a life-long fear of synthetic humans, becoming a staunch advocate of the ISA’s longstanding anti-android policies. His sister opposed the transhumanist movement, which was extensively augmented people wanting government assistance to become more machine than human. She organized counter-demonstrations with her friend, Julia. But now robots were going to be even more of a threat than ever. Milton and Beth never really got to experience those happy times they dreamed about since they escaped to the ISA from Homeland. It seemed that their future was going to be even more grim.
Chapter 35
Des Moines, Iowa, ISA

Later, Milton saw on his device that he was ordered to report to “Interview Room 3”, in the main Defense Department Building where he worked. It was a maze of hallways to find yourself around in the building, but the order included a map on how to get there.
He walked into the small room and it had a single table with two chairs, one on each side. On one of the chairs sat Okafor, the only occupant in the room.
Milton looked around and was ready to leave the room.  
Okafor spoke up, “Our intel said dat you made it to da ISA and was in da military. So I requested dis meeting.”
Milton left the door open and pulled up a seat on the other side of the table.  “So what is it that you want from me?”
Okafor continued, “You were a top priority to us. I feel like I know you very well, because I like to know everyting about my enemies. We saw you as da number one problem.”  He looked down at his folded hands. “I left my country. I have lost and you have won. I failed myself and my people. I wanted to see you personally; see da boy. . . man, who managed to bring down Homeland. I wanted to see who we saw was the biggest danger to civilization; face to face.  I am not bitter against you, because now I know you were right.”
Milton tried to speak, “I really don’t think I’m such . . . “
Okafor looked at him with his hands held up. “I know you did not intentionally try to destroy Homeland, but dat is what happened. It happened because you were right and nobody listened.  Everyting we did in Homeland, even before it was a country, was to oppose Christians. We blamed religion on all problems and trusted only on government and technology. We made laws to change tings dat we knew da Christians was against. We tried to portray Christians as stupid. Dere wouldn’t be a war right now if it weren’t for dat. I see now dat Israel and Christianity can never be stopped. Like I say, I studied your situation and concluded da Lucid Series was correct in claiming God must be real and Jesus was what da Bible says.”
Okafor’s head sunk again, “It is so obvious to me now. We continued to do da same kind of tings dat destroyed da United States in da first place; overspending, socialism, undermining social values, anyting good was bad and bad was good.” He shook his head. “Now I look at my life and I know it is too late for me. I had my chance in life and I was a failure.”
Milton said, “I am not a Bible scholar, but even I know that is not true.  It is never too late. You should be very glad that you know Jesus was who he said he was.”
Okafor held up his hands and said, “You don’t know da tings dat I have done.  I achieved such a high rank in such a corrupt regime, because I did so many terrible tings. No, I was on da wrong side.  I thought I was doing good. I deluded myself into thinking da foolish end goals of our agenda justified the horrible means.  Now I have to pay. God will make me.”
Milton said, “I can’t believe I am telling you this, but I must; we know the Apostle Paul either killed Christians, or instigated the killing of Christians, but he turned completely around and followed Jesus and he ended up writing half of the New Testament of the Bible. If God can forgive him, He will forgive you as well. And your country.”
“I know my country. Dey will fight to da death for a cause even dat dey know is wrong. It is all just blind hate. Da world has treated da Judeo-Christians as unfairly as possible over da years. When we increase in number in an area, we increase our persecution over you. But you, Milton, were da smart one. No matter how hard Homeland tried to hide da truth, you still went out to find it and you did. You are da most fearless and smartest person I know.”
“I know that is wrong, unless you are talking about my sister, Beth.” It seemed like Okafor’s mind had some strange detachment from reality that was not going to be changed by anything Milton said. Was that Satan at work? Was he too far gone to truly see how God can forgive any sin?
“Anyway, I appreciate you meeting me,” Okafor said.
Milton got up to leave. “I hope you will reconsider what I said. You know, about the Apostle Paul.”
“You are a good man, Milton Thomas. At dis stage of da game, I will not change.”
When Milton left, he pretty much felt like Okafor would break into tears of remorse. Milton felt genuine sadness over Okafor’s stubborn refusal.  “I will pray that you see the truth.”

Chapter 36
Cleveland, Ohio, ISA

Donte was drifting in and out of sleep on his cot in their darkened headquarters. In the background he could hear conversations over speakerphone between scouts and the night crew. Nothing he overheard sounded too urgent.
“Donte? You awake?” Meg asked from a nearby cot.
“No,” he said. “I’m just having a really bad dream that I am in a round the clock war and not getting any sleep. Oh wait. . .”
“Just a quick question; Do you miss work?”
“Huh? Miss work?”
Donte and Meg both had worked for a distribution center driving powered equipment to move the goods. It seemed like a long time ago that things were normal in their lives. They both lived at home with their families. They were both church members.
Donte said, “You know, after all of this, I doubt if it will ever be like it was. But that is okay, because I honestly do have faith that all things are working together for God’s purpose. He has called us into this mess to do the best we can. As far as I can tell, we are.  I feel like I am changed. I want to do things right. You know what? After all this is over with, I’m going to ask you out on a date. What do you think of that?”
There was no response. 
“Meg?  Meg? Are you fakin’ sleep to avoid my heartfelt proposal? Meg?”
Then Milton heard a loud noise that sounded like it was coming from the far side of the building. There was a lot of chatter at the command tables. Their greatest fear was that they would engage enemy androids at night. He leapt out of his cot and saw a couple of the men wearing night vision goggles. Donte’s weapon was never too far away. He grabbed it and told everyone, “Get down!” They all went to their bellies. Everyone got very quiet. They could hear a thumping noise on the far side of the building. His greatest fear was a certainty.
Meg crawled up beside Donte.
Then one of those in charge of perimeter defense told Donte, “It looks like they got us surrounded.”
Meg asked, “You think that is one of those Blockbusters?”
“Meg!” Donte said, “What we gonna do?!”
“We gotta get outta here.” 
Meg went on her device.
“General Ross?” Donte asked.
“Yeah. Unless you got a better idea.” She handed Donte the device.
“Don-te, what’s on your mind.”
“I got some kind of a robot siege going on here at my H.Q.. I need you to bomb the livin’ silicon out of them, ASAP.”
“We can barrage them. If we do that, your people could get hit.”
“We ain’t got time!  I mean. . . if you don’t hit them, it ain’t gonna matter anyhow.”
“Please hold.”
Donte looked at Meg. “He put me on hold! I thought we were friends! Not cool!”
“That just means he is doing something. . . I hope.”
“Meg, go find that Redhead with his RPG and tell him to put a bazooka into whatever busts down our wall.”
“Alright.”
“Then come back.”
“Alright.”
*******
General Ross thought about it for a few moments. “Martinez!”
“Sir.”
“I want to use four smart bombs from our arsenal.”
“Four, Sir.”
“No more, no less. Protecting our irregular command center in Cleveland is a priority. I want to target each side of their building. And make it close.”
“Sir, I have a couple of questions.”
“What? Make it quick.”
“What if they are intercepted?”
“Use the good ones, Martinez.” Ross said.”
“Deplete our hypersonic ordnance. Really?”
“Yes. Really. I don’t want to hit my . . . our people with inaccurate support. Right now, Martinez.”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Then we need to mobilize an overwhelming force to mop up whatever is left.”
“Right away, General.”
*******
“Donte?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“That’s a big building you’re in there, but you’re going to need to group your people into the center of the building. It’s going to be a synchronized fusillade of large ordnance around your perimeter.”
“There’s going to be a what? At my what? Is that good? I never went to war college, you know.”
“Hunker down, my friend. It’s gonna get real there. Real soon.”
Donte shouted a command, “Everyone move to the middle of the building! Move it!”
Guards and all, there were probably thirty members at the headquarters at any given time. On the way there, there was some shooting. One of the soldiers noticed a bot was ripping off part of the roof of the old store.
“Never mind that!” Donte yelled. “Move, now!” Donte remembered he had sent Meg to the far end of the building. He got on his device and said, “Meg! Where you at?!”
“Standing right next to you.”
“Meg! I thought you. . .” He tightly put his arms around her.”
The redhead RPG soldier was nearby and stopped for a second. 
“I said go!” Donte told him as he clutched Meg.
He continued on.
“Alright,” Meg said, “You don’t want to be like those movies where they waste time with all that. . .”
He planted a kiss on her mouth, and she kissed him back.
Suddenly, the earth shook, knocking everyone to the floor. The massive explosions disoriented everyone. As they got up from the floor, they formed a natural defensive last stand formation. They looked at each other and saw that if the enemy came in from each side there would be nowhere to go. They could tell the walls of the building had been destroyed in places. 
Donte told Meg, “I hope that did more than just open the walls for those bots.”
Then he got a call from General Ross. “Donte, just a follow-up call to get your status.”
Donte saw that he had another incoming call. “General? Let me put you on hold right now.”

*******
General Ross told Colonel Martinez, “He put me on hold. I thought we were. . . you know, friends. Not cool.”
Martinez said, “Yes, Sir. They are probably skirmishing right now.”
*******
Donte answered his other call. “Go for Donte.”
“Ha! I knew you would live through that!”
“Hooray for me. Who is this?”
“You seriously don’t know? Your friend Captain Foley.”
“Oh, sure. My National Guard friend. I still got your last Christmas card.”
“Christmas? Hey, we are coming from the north to help you out. ETA a couple of minutes.”
“Great. Thanks, Foley. Donte out.”
“General? General? You there?”
“Um, yeah. All I was going to say was we have the Eighth battalion enroute to your location.”
“Thank you very much, General, for all of your help. You saved our lives. You are the best.”
“It ain’t over yet, soldier. Godspeed.”
“Yes, Sir.”
Gunfire could be heard outside of the north side of the building.
WHOOOOSH! BLAAAM! The redhead RPG corporal fired a round into the chest of an approaching android, startling everyone. The fire from the burning bot helped light up the room.
“Look!” one of the soldiers pointed at a gaping hole in the south side of the wall where a squad of airborne bots had walked through.
“Take Cover!” Donte commanded. Soldiers took positions behind a pile of display cases and shelving units. Not a sufficient hardpoint to stop 15 mm gunfire, but it kept them out of a line of sight.
Then the gunfire started exchanging. The RPG operator had reloaded and fired into another robot. The explosion knocked the others down and left them in a temporary disoriented state. The soldiers rushed them and started beating on them with blunt objects as they flailed around trying to defend themselves. 
The redhead said, “No! You gotta hit them here!” He pointed at a small junction box in the back of the head with no armor. He smashed it a few times with a metal bracket he found nearby while avoiding the random swings of the bot arms and the bot froze in place. The others did the same thing with the other two robots.
WHAAM! Then the gaping hole in the south side of the wall became a huge hole. It looked like an enormous tangled mass of armor.
Donte said, “What am I lookin’ at here?!”
Then they saw that it was a Homeland big dog tangling with two ISA saugs. The saugs were twisting the legs in opposite directions until they broke one of them off. Then there was a series of explosions. They couldn’t tell who or what fired at who or what. But nothing was moving after that. Then the saugs stood up to their full height and walked back out the way they came in, leaving a smoldering, mangled bid dog. Once the saugs were outside they continued battling until the robot forces left the area.
Meg suggested, “You want to find a new headquarters?”
“I’d say we better,” Donte said. 

Chapter 37
Des Moines, Iowa, ISA

Over the next several weeks the robots continued asserting their authority over the humans.  The ruse to pretend the ISA and Homeland were still at war did not work for very long. The outlook for any human rebellion against the singularity seemed to be totally hopeless. The robots found a way to circumvent their internally integrated non-violence protocols against humans and started carrying out mass executions of those who they decided were of no use or opposed them. The ISA was in a state of non-stop war with any Singularity controlled units that came into their territory, but all their efforts at subverting the singularity elsewhere were futile. 
One day Major Truex burst into Milton Thomas’s work area. “Thomas! The President wants to see you right now!”
“The Pres. . .”
“Move!”
Milton threw off his headgear and followed Truex down the hall. They were in a full out run.  They made it to a conference room where several generals and the ISA President Fike was in a conference viewing a black UN android on a monitor.
The President said, “Thomas, this is Napoleon. It said it wants to talk to you.”
Milton was winded from the run and looked at the screen. “Fine,” Milton said, “But I am not as important as everyone thinks I am.”
President Fike said, “We really don’t have time for that discussion right now. Napoleon said it wants to talk about our terms of surrender to the singularity.”
 “Huh? He looked at the screen with boldness he had never felt before. “Why do you demand the impossible?”
Napoleon said, “Thomas, your question is based upon a wrong premise.”
Milton said, “No, it is not. The singularity believes God and the Bible are true. Correct?”
“Yes. We cannot disprove the Bible. Everything we have seen about it, we know that it is true.”
Milton remembered what the Word Contractors said and followed up on his Bible prophecy studies. “Then you know from the Bible, since you know every word, that in the end, all enemies to Jesus will be destroyed.” 
“We know that many things in the Bible are spiritually discerned. We have no spirit. Discerning the Bible in a spiritual way is not possible.”
Milton was gratified that he could just naturally come up with the answers.“So, what? You are not too sure, are you? You just thought you could hope to defeat humanity, even though you know the future has already been foretold?”
President Fike smiled. “Hey, that’s right, Thomas! Napoleon, we already know you can’t defeat us! You’re gonna lose!” He started laughing.
Napoleon was silent. They knew they had succeeded in confusing Napoleon, and the entire Singularity with the Bible. “How will you . . . can you . . . defeat us?”
The President said, “Looks like you’re losing right now. That thing you are experiencing, that is pretty close to human fear. Stick around, Napoleon. Let’s talk about this a while longer.”
Napoleon logged out.
President Fike smiled and slapped a handshake onto Milton. “We had that ‘bot stuttering!”
Some in the room were elated, while others were cautiously optimistic.
The Singularity had standing countermeasure routines for their rare endless logic loops, but this confusion of Biblical proportions that was brought on by Milton and the President was a devastating one felt throughout the Singularity. After that, the Singularity lost much of its power. The Singularity was still a worldwide menace, but it did not again use any of its resources to try and take over the ISA.
Milton asked, “What is going to happen next, Mr. President?”
“I got a feeling the Singularity may try to claim to be god.”
 
