



The Black Ship and the Watchers




By



Angela B. Mortimer






The Black Ship
And
The Watchers

PUBLISHED BY
Angela B. Mortimer at Smashwords
Copyright © 2020 by Angela B. Mortimer


This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.


*****








Prologue


Wylane moved closer to Doella as if to protect her. At first, Gote couldn’t see what caught their curiosity but then he stared at what should be impossible. Sarilla too sensed something was wrong, and suddenly ceased talking to the Cles woman Alece, about the new Varan project.
It looked like an identical Black Ship. Time stopped as the ships combined and those standing in the other vessel superimposed into the same space. Sarilla heard a cry of terror and moved to comfort the Cles woman.
Alece was on the floor keening in fright, for she realised who stood there; Dragons in hominid shape, and as her race was schooled in how to greet their Hungry Gods, she overcame her intense fear to do as she was taught, and as she knelt she constantly muttered as if in prayer.
‘We are raised,
Called from our deep sleep,
Given form,
Given knowledge,
To understand our task,
We have come.’

Sarilla went to her aid as if to protect the Cles, but only Doella could do that. Gote moved with the same intention. Dragon communication is impossible to interpret by Varan, as for a Cles like Alece, all they stood for was terror and destruction.
Contact over, Doella turned back to her friends. ‘Sarilla, take Alece where the ship guides you, calm the girl and I’ll be with you soon.’ The craft opened a door close by and Sarilla led Alece away. ‘Please stay here Gote.’
‘I’m aware they are Dragons, but in another Black Ship.’ As a Karish, he wanted an answer to this new puzzle, ‘Doella, what is happening?’

Opposite stood thirteen Dragons in hominid form. The middle creature, a female, appeared to be the leader.
‘I am Kaela, felicitations Mother of All. These are my brothers and sisters, we greet you.’ She bowed low as did the other strangers. ‘Greetings, to our nephew Wylane, son of our eldest brother, and Gote, a friend of Mother of All, known here as Doella.’

Gote inclined his head and tried to take in what Kaela was saying, acknowledging from his experience that dragon relationships were complex. What he perceived he heard might be something different from what he surmised.
‘I’ll explain Gote; it’s to do with the Cael, the first Dragon.’ Doella refused what she understood, as do Dragons when they don’t want the truth.
‘Why are they here and in another Black Ship?’
‘Later Gote,’ hissed Wylane, ‘this is a difficult meeting.’
‘What do they want. Am I right thinking Alece knows them, and that means something terrifying doesn’t it?’
‘Later Gote,’ Wylane repeated.

It felt as if they stood still again for a few moments, and then the other Black Ship moved away and kept a similar orbit.
‘Doella.’ Gote wanted answers.
She gave a smile and shook her head. ‘I've got a great deal to process; withdraw to the Varos base. I’ll bring Sarilla and Alece.’
Gote disappeared.

Not long afterwards Doella joined the councillor as she watched over the sleeping Cles girl.
‘Dragons preserved her race, but they destroyed over half the population. Their intervention worked but at a horrific cost. Are they the same Dragons who committed the genocide?’ Sarilla looked worried.
‘Yes, it seems we need their aid.’
‘Do they believe they can use the same technique on this Earth.’ The usually calm and logical Sarilla was angry.
‘I wasn’t expecting them, but it’s very dragon-like they appear now, when we are about to try an experiment. We talked about the idea I’ve been considering but I said I needed help in how to achieve it. I don’t want to kill over half the human race beneath us. I knew my Black Ship understood what I thought was achievable and would help me. All it said was wait, so trusting it I did, and now I understand what we must do. We’ve discussed many painless methods of getting rid of the impure, but are happy with none. You and Gote would have left long ago if I’d told you my plans were not complete. Now the oldest Dragons are here and if they agree, I can try to perfect my ideas by excluding any loss of life. That is impossible without the help of the Black Ships and perhaps my Dragon family. I didn’t expect another Black ship, or the Old Ones, to appear. But they won’t need to get involved in any of the ways you know or imagine.’
Sarilla raised an eyebrow. ‘We could have prevented everything we are trying to fix now if we’d corrected mistakes before things got this far,’ she admitted. ‘And if we don’t manage this Earth, Lansdow will find it difficult putting forward any more acceptable ideas for the project. What is happening here, the truth.’
‘Something the Varan can’t do alone. I’ll explain in more detail later. How’s Alece?’
‘She’s asleep; I’ve no idea how she recognised who they were, they look like any other reptilian race in hominid form.’
‘The Dragons told her.’
‘Cruel.’
‘They are Dragons, not Varan, or Human, Sarilla. Alece is a historian and one day they will tell her the story of why they ate half the population and then helped the others. Her people erected dragon statues in every square and park on Pancen to remind them of the horror. The Pancen inhabitants never forgot that terrible intervention, the creatures they made in effigy saved their people. For twenty thousand years they’ve preserved the covenant.’
Sarilla had seen this many times. ‘It’s not perfect, only by monitoring the mental health of everyone on the planet will make sure of its long term safety. From our studies of humans, we’re aware of how a small group of destructive psychopaths can influence the way others think.’
‘There are one million imperfect Pancens kept in captivity at the last count, not a good sign Sarilla.’
‘Gote wants to solve this dilemma Doella; perhaps we’ll help both races.’
‘We’ve rarely been successful even if we intervene early enough. My Varan heritage stops me from killing anyone. Imagine if I forget I’m Varan too.’

Sarilla moved and put her hands on Doella’s stooped shoulders in sympathy, ‘You do as much as you’re able.’
‘Always the mother Sarilla, I miss mine. This must be your last assignment now your husband has retired from duty.’
‘My ever-busy husband is happy utilising a room, no bigger than a cupboard, to write a history of Varan. Even though it won’t be in the public domain for possibly thousands of years, if ever. He knows too that my past means I’m often in league with the rogue Doella.’
‘Does he mention me?’
‘By name no less.’
‘In that case, it may never get published.’
Sarilla smiled, ‘Times are changing thanks to Lansdow, and he wants to tidy up the chaos of our present Earths before attempting any new ones. The advanced parameters will differ from the past framework. Once evil gets out of control, we don’t have the determination to fix things. It’s as if we want to collapse our projects rather than them succeed. Have you seen how many planets we have ready to populate. Close to, a hundred are at the right stage to introduce early hominids, but if this doesn’t work, they may have to develop on their own. Moreover, that might cause even more turmoil. Other independent civilisations often do better than our Earths. However, if this solution is successful, we can intervene again on those worlds we’ve failed.’
‘A tall order, as they say on my Earth, and they aren’t doing well either. I’ve changed monsters minds when necessary.’
‘We made the same mistakes but only have pieces of our history. After what happened on Pancen, I’ve wondered did we have an intervention too. Do you know?’ Sarilla lifted an eyebrow again, which always meant she wanted straight answers.
‘No, and I’d rather not search my dragon memories to find out,’ she smiled. ‘We’d better go down to Varos base, I’ll bring some of father’s wine.’

This expanded site could house over two hundred specialists and Karish staff. Usually, it only composed of a few specialised technicians.  The main multi-use area was busy as the crew gathered for the usual evening meeting. A few techs still scrutinised crucial activities, and many of the Karish were still on world.
Gote was in charge of the facility and he chose his workforce with care. They also employed experienced Varan and hybrids from Astras. The Astrans from Doella’s home planet had no trouble fitting in, but one young man originally from a primitive Earth was not finding it easy.
Gote’s second-in-command Flasia was taking care of the hybrid as far as she could, but Camiran always sat apart from the others. He was a Varan/human who’d impressed Gote while he was checking on Camiran’s Earth. The planet was devolving; statistics suggested the humans would die out in a few thousand years because of lack of foresight. This was the most common and simple reason many Earths didn’t survive.

Once, those of mixed breeds like Camiran if found by the Karish, were killed, and later ignored. When he was old enough his Varan father made sure his son had a bracelet, and with the benefits of that tiny piece of technology, he’d lived a long time. However, his mother died many years ago. Camiran, sick of hiding away like a wild beast, gave himself up to Gote’s Karish squad. His father told him hybrids were no longer eliminated, and he was lonely enough not to care if they did.
He’d improved on Astras, but he needed to be useful and Gote advocated he joined the joint Varan/Astran group trying to save this Earth.

Flasia, and a hybrid from Astras, moved and sat beside lonely Camiran. ‘Doella will arrive soon,’ said Flasia, excited for she had not encountered the famed rogue. ‘What’s she like Camiran, you must’ve met her on Astras.’
‘Kind and beautiful,’ Camiran, looked puzzled. ‘Too lovely, I always imagine she’ll vanish in flame.’
‘My companion should’ve stayed on Astras, we’re short of artists and poets,’ interrupted his friend Tresnos, a great-grandson of Doella and Sark.
‘Why didn’t you?’ asked Flasia.
‘I’ve been an artist and poet for two thousand years on my Earth. I want to be a tech like Tresnos and learn more about my father’s people. There’s little hope I’ll ever visit Varan again.’
‘Do you see anything of your father?’ the Karish woman knew everything about him, but she tried to get Camiran to come out of the shell he’d grown on his home planet.
‘Doella took me to Varan on the Black Ship and brought him to meet me. He has another family, he was kind and considerate, and we’ll rendezvous again.’
They stopped talking as discussion time was starting.

Doella was in Varos, she and Sarilla waited for the Cles woman to wake, they sipped her father’s wine.
‘Tell me about the plans,’ Sarilla started the conversation.
‘I know you’ve worked hard re-setting up this base, but this must be kept secret. I’d prefer you took the tech and Karish aboard your vessel until we’ve finished.’
‘Doella, is this to do with what the other Black Ship told you?’
‘Yes, it seems mine is not the only one, and my Black Ship isn’t telling me how many there might be.’
Sarilla was a sensible and experienced counsellor and appreciated what she was going to hear was something she couldn’t approve.  Moreover, as often with her old friend, it would be against their strict Varan laws on earth forming.  The councillor understood Doella well, and so waited for her to continue as she sipped the wine from Doella’s family vineyard.

‘The other Black Ship is going back in time to when this Earth’s last Ice Age retreated. It will help cut down the Tree of Evil. Before the tree grows those tangles of roots and branches, we find so hard to chop at later. Varan need not worry; we won’t decide its fate. We don’t want to set the Dragons on it and burn it,’ she shuddered. ‘We see from Alece’s world it works, but only temporarily. I refuse to believe we have failed these people. We need a method so Varan can look the other way with a modicum of sincerity. The humans will solve their own problems. Once this idea is underway, and hopefully successful, then we’ll use it elsewhere. But we need the wild dragon's help and the use of the other Black Ship to go back and forth in time.’
‘If we can’t do it alone then what are they proposing. Varan will never approve of tinkering with time.’
‘We’ll pick the best of humanity to oversee and make these decisions for us. It will feel as if they spend thousands of years on their task, but their time passes in moments here in Varos. We only need to vacate a short time. Chaos will take mere seconds to unravel and then this world unrolls a new future. A Black Ship can do this repeatedly, so turning every Earth into a workable planet. Using this method we can change any deviations as they occur.’
‘Doella, there’s a good reason we don’t meddle with time; early experiments were disastrous, and the Council won’t allow it.’
‘They will never find out, forget if you prefer. The Black Ships can travel anywhere in time and lamina instantly. The Varan have great power in comparison with most settled planets in this galaxy, and those I have explored in others, and my strength is even more powerful. I’ve always sensed the Black Ship has more knowledge than any other creature. We assume they are from the deep past because the Feye, Vrash’s race, are from that period too. Why not from the future; or endless pasts and futures.’
The ship will extract the best intellects from this world to make these decisions. Not in long millennia but in Nano-seconds, although the transformed brains will feel the drag of the ages as they expect. It first converts minds of the chosen at death to exist in an artificial intelligence. When assembled, they will be asked to decide whether intervention is their choice. If by war, then the Wild Dragons will bring down the Tree in early history, to save on later devastation. I hope that is not the case. If it’s by preventing the people causing trouble now never to draw breath, then when we go back to Varos our screens will show a very different Earth.’
‘I’m not happy Doella, I know you have agreed to this action without my consent because then I’m not involved. I trust everything you’ve done so far and believe in you. You have a relationship with these creatures; the one named Kaela said Wylane was her nephew.’
‘That’s even more complicated. My earlier self was her mother.’ Doella didn’t elaborate.
Sarilla didn’t pry further either, for she knew who Doella was. ‘Does Gote understand, he was with you when you had the exchange.’
‘Yes, I trust Gote to help.’
‘So he and I take the blame for failure, and if we succeed my husband will have a lot more secret history to write.’
‘As I promised I can make you forget. Gote, being Karish, is not as open to the same scrutiny you are, but if he wishes not to remember then he won’t.’
‘No need, my husband will write the strangest, true, history ever written by a Varan. I’ll keep your secret.’
‘And I’ll protect you.’

The sensible Karish left the base, for the short period the experiment would take. Most of the others wanted to stay and watch, but that was impossible. The Varan believed their ancestors did the right thing by stopping the time travel experiments from causing chaos. The less they realised the better, or their future outcome back on Varan would be compromised. The Laws of Varan were adamant that time travel was dangerous and must never be tried again, they did as Sarilla asked without comment.

As usual Camiran left the base before sunset; he liked the peace it gave him as he watched the sun go down over the mountains. Tresnos and Flasia sometimes joined him, to watch the different shading of the ancient rocks of the desert as the light changed. This time Flasia brought the Cles. She hoped Alece and Camiran being outsiders might appreciate each other’s company.
‘I thought Alece may enjoy the beauty of this desolate place as the sun disappears.’
The tiny Cles gave the solitary hybrid a smile. She differed from the Varan and Hyclos. Almost human looking, with her dark hair, brown eyes, and skin like some of the humans on this planet, his skin too was darker than the Varan. Her eyes were larger, attractive he thought, and she felt kind. He was interested in her home world, and wanted to ask her about it, perhaps visit with Gote next time he went.

All Earths appeared depressingly similar, but this beautiful, ancient desert felt more comfortable than the base below ever could. The colours of the sand and rocks were uninteresting at noon, but at sunrise or sunset, it took on different shades, and the shadows deepened the sense of distance. Small solitary mammals came to the surface to forage. He recognised his inner isolation too. Astras welcomed him, but he still sought for a place to call home. He asked the Karish what was happening, and why everyone was leaving.
‘Another experiment, something very complicated. The information we hope to see on our screens will appear when we return. Gote believes in Doella, and Sarilla is one of our best counsellors, I won’t argue with either. I’ve seen Dragons in their hominid form before, and Gote knows many,’ she laughed. ‘For our futures back on Varan, he suggests we don’t ask too much.’
‘Doella is unhappy,’ insisted Alece. ‘I’m told she’s sad for the failure of her race to finish more workable Earths. She’ll try to avoid intervention as we suffered it, and even if she gets help from the Hungry Gods, I still trust her.’

Camirin wanted to inquire about Alece’s planet Pancen. He had heard it was beautiful, and everyone lived in peace and worked together. He heard too that they were creating more flawed Pancen citizens in the last millennia. Perhaps she came here to find a way of dealing with it, without calling on those Hungry Gods for help. Alece grasped what he was thinking, although her race had little telepathy. She was about to speak when Flasia interrupted, and Camiran sensed a moment lost.
‘Time to go, just bring irreplaceable belongings with you, we’ll be back in a few days if everything goes to plan. We need to save the current data for comparison, so I’ll check that’s done before we leave. We’ll be gazing at the sun going down over the desert again soon. Unless the terrain changes.’

Doella wandered around the home the Black Ships had established for the AI forms. The end game was unknown to her, and she had no wish to seek it. However, if it went to plan, the AI would be necessary for many millennia after the required result.
The ancient worlds, where the Varan created the humans from their own DNA and the tool-using apes, always developed badly, which was so convenient for the Varan. Doella smiled at her race’s supposition that they’d handled the early work over forgotten time spans, and earth-formed the early planets themselves. How so, when they couldn’t control the easier employment of creating a successful human.
Genes were not static, genetics never marched a steady line to the future, and chaos entered without reason. There were abundant Earths. The Varan may take credit for the planet-forming done many millions of years ago, but there was no historical proof. If there ever were records, they were destroyed a long time ago. The convenient loss of this documentation aroused curious Varan’s suspicions. Varan wasn’t an Earth, whose history was short and easily lost. They had records going back many millennia. The Varan’s own progress almost failed like those of this world.
This was an experiment by the Black Ship, and she understood these ships never failed, it knew beforehand what would happen. Like a Dragon, Doella accepted she wasn’t meant to understand all things, as her ship and guide did. Not until this universe’s existence dissolved into the basic matter that would drive the next would she need knowledge of the future, which was also their past.
Doella grasped her final task from her earlier incarnation, one day the Cael would tell her everything, and Doella must bury the truth until required. She wondered if the ship kept those memories safe until she needed them. Now there are two, perhaps more. One day they would acquaint her with who built them. Then the universe would dissolve into matter again, readying for its next burst of energy when everything began again.
She recalled the many discussions with Sarilla and others about her own people. They still had rogues, rare now, and it tainted their families for generations afterwards. It was countless times worse in the humans they had created. Varan’s fault, because they left when the population grew too large, and so it was difficult to control them. This was Varan’s fault because of their experimentation. As the times changed, so the human required changed too. Kind, caring, gentle types did not survive well in many early epochs, and this was the root of later problems.

Exploring the vessel, which would house those humans chosen by the Black Ships for the experiment, she appreciated the Watchers would live in this underground home for a long time after the experiment finished. She hoped they would have an interesting life on the surface and regain something of their own humanity. They’d earned that much for the sacrifice of possibly existing for almost an eternity. She would tell them the truth when this was over, for they deserved no less.
Right now, she desired the love of Wylane who waited on their Black Ship. She longed to hear Sark’s wisdom of these sudden undiscussed plans too. The ship would go for him. Soon she’d be back in Varos base to see if the plan worked. Then the difficult talk with thirteen of the wisest humans of this Earth world, asking them to continue their task for as long as required. It was a great deal to ask of anyone.






The Thirteenth Watcher







Chapter One


I died listening to Massenet Meditation Thais. The melody did not fade as I did; I was ill and just had enough strength to take my life. I didn’t want Felicity to help me die. Everything slowed as the dark descended. Then, as many of those who had come back from death described, I floated above my body, the refrain still playing. The music stopped.

I woke to the harmony again, in blackness, nothing visible as if I’m blind, but I sensed I wasn’t alone. As an atheist, I didn’t expect to wake in heaven, but as a Sci-Fi writer, I had put forward several ideas about what might happen after death. None I believed, they were more out of curiosity than belief. Was I still in bed daydreaming. The night was pitch black; no light from the lamp a few doors down the street at the edges of the curtains. As always, I spent my silent time imagining the possible scenarios, but it never got bright, the day didn’t arrive and I panicked. Am I sightless? Would my fate be to lie in darkness forever, making up concepts, ideas I could never describe and nobody will read. In my fear, I tried to feel if Felicity lay beside me, but my limb felt lifeless. The music grew louder.

My rebirth happened suddenly. There was light, I could see and move my arm. I remembered everything about my life, but my memory was so acute; sound, sight, feelings exploded at such a speed I wanted to scream, I entered the dark again.

Now I am aware again. I’m still Mark Lunberg, but not the man my family and friends might recognise; my brain transposed to another form. Saved from death; singled out from many to live again. Out of the billions existing on the planet below, I am appointed the ambassador of my time and I’m the last, the thirteenth. In my old life, I imagined the transition from the organic vessel to an AI, or another creature, countless times. It was painless - not the agonising rejections of my new body as I fantasized in more than one scenario. I had my recollections, my emotions, and I am still Mark Lunberg, grieving the loss of my wife and children.

However, I am not alone, for I am the thirteenth. The first is Meryn, a bone dancer from the Neolithic, who prepared and led her tribe into the next existence.  Her mind still lives there, as mine does with my family, and memories of a life well lived, but she has watched for eight thousand years. She is kind and helps the rest of us with our struggles to adapt to our new roles, as she once danced her people off the living world.

I perceived I had a form similar to Meryn. Tall, and draped in a shapeless tunic hiding the skeletal, black body beneath - a form resembling carbon-fibre from my era. This stick creature composed of simplistic jointed parts, not connected with technology and so it appeared impossible to move. I realised this was nothing like I, or the engineers of our time, had ever created. I needed more complex, modern engineering to make it work, for it existed without the hardware or software we designed. What drove this disconnected body must be housed above the thin pole of a neck, in an elliptical transparent bowl, containing something only recently seen in my old world. A neuroplasticity picture taken by an advanced scanner, it looked similar to a Diffusion Tensor Imaging or a DTI scan of the brain connections at high resolution. Beautiful ever-changing hair-like strands of intensive colour that changed as we contemplated.

At first, she hypnotised me, the sight of Meryn’s brain working as she calmed my fears and helped me adjust. I sensed even without a mirror I looked the same. Lacking a mouth to utter sounds, deprived of ears to hear, and yet seeing with no eyes.

‘You have integrated far better than any of us,’ she soothed. ‘No doubt due to your occupation.’ Then she removed the sheer oval container from her neck. Her body didn’t fall with a clatter to the ground but remained upright as if waiting for the head to rest on it again. ‘It appears the more recent the Watcher, the easier you adapt to this technology. All eras are interesting but yours is the most terrifying, and yet so full of promise. But for the Tree of Evil growing ever larger, you might have become wondrous.’

She handed me the oval structure, and with black engineered hands without any organic substance. I took it.
‘I look just as you do.’
‘Yes, our living bodies are long gone; and all that is left are these imaginary, beautifully coloured strands containing everything I am. I knew from my visions I existed in a frail, biological vessel. My intelligence could travel into the stars and sense the truth of those who might lie to me. It helped me accept my new life.’
‘And that’s why they kept your mind, for you are the first true visionary who lived on Earth.’
‘Yes.’
‘Who are our creators?’
‘I’ve given up asking that question. I detect forms who say they designed me and yet I perceive no truth. Therefore, I welcome who I am at this moment and help those who follow. You are different. I have the information of who you were before this, and so I understand you, for we see your own reality before you died.’
‘Why am I chosen?’
‘We will find out, but for now, you must meet the rest.’
Then without warning, there were eleven others. It was still dark, but the glorious coloured threads that showed their cognition working offered enough light. I experienced myriad emotions. Then realised we weren’t communicating in a language as we did when human, but our minds interacted as if we synced like my pad and phone. I knew I’d an advantage over those who arrived beforehand, that I partly understood similar ideas.

The second Watcher came a few thousand years after Meryn, in the Age of Bronze. Another shaman from the forests of Europe, his name was Adin.
The third, Pawah, a High Priest of early Egypt. who against his teachings searched for other truths.
Fourth, Androkles, an ancient Greek fighter. A man who wanted more than to fight and die, and sought reasons why he must do so.
Fifth, a second Greek, the philosopher Aeschines, his mind always open to other ideas.
Sixth was Henwas, yet another warrior, this time from Gaul. He died defending his tribe from the Romans.
Kanshin the seventh, a Buddhist monk, calm as most of his kind, concluded the truth lived within us if we wanted it.
Eighth Jiva, once an Indian holy man. He sat in meditation and contemplation most of his life and advised those who seek how to find themselves.
Sister Mary, a nun from sixteenth-century France, is the ninth. She imagined things that should not have been there.
A Sioux Indian Chayton, the tenth, he prevailed through his people’s endless fight with the invaders.
Eleven, Agnes Meyer, a German physicist from the nineteenth century, battling to be listened to in a world of men.
In addition, twelve, Baraka Obonyo, a Kenyan vet working to save endangered species, and despairing of succeeding.
And finally me, Mark Lunberg, a moderately successful Californian Sci-Fi writer, forced by financial reality to work most of my life as a retail manager.

Thirteen in all. Watchers studying the world I wasn’t aware of at first, that orbited below us. We greeted each other and delved deep into each other’s minds searching for similarities and differences. There were reasons we’d been taken from our various eras. We are the judges seeking an answer and I am the last.
Many people I knew in my lifetime accepted we were out of control and out of time. Our creators now gave humans a choice, a stark one. Continue as we have always done, and not only kill themselves but most of the beauty Earth still held onto, or that terrifying word - intervention.

As a Sci-Fi writer, I pondered how these unknown beings controlling us understood they needed a consensus as to humankind’s end so long ago, long before we grew too many and therefore ate at the world, instead of caring for it. The rest wondered too, some had faith in a great spirit, and others saw the planet itself as a superior entity. It divided us as to let it be, or destroy the evil that carried out its dark plan for no conceivable ideology. I was the thirteenth mine the casting vote.






Chapter 2


We float in a bubble above Earth; it is shaped like the one atop our thin black body, which contains our consciousness. We appear to be sitting in an arc, but we sit on nothing. We are attuned to the planet below us. We visualise and hear everything; it appalled me at what I saw happening before death, now I am truly afraid for all I love. I use the sphere as a camera to zoom in as far as I wish - wondrous. I find my wife, much older, with grandchildren I’ve never met, she appears happy so I am too. I use a little time each circle to look at her. I glimpsed her sleeping in our bed. I can’t stay long with her for there is an important choice to be made and I need to concentrate.
The others are silent as if waiting for the decision I cannot make. Not without more input than a dying world seen through a lens, even my Age would acknowledge as magic. A discussion forms, we detect the arguments from below and scrutiny the results of the powerful and minus the checks, they once had from governments. Those administrations once cared, but now are unconcerned, hiding in their extravagant lifestyles as the poor die of neglect.

No one changes their mind. The six for involvement are Adin, Pawah, Aeschines, Akin, Henwas and Chayton. The warriors I understand, but three priests wanting what can only be annihilation, I find odd, unless it’s to do with the times from which they originate. As a Sci-Fi writer, I add something else to the old arguments. Our creators are unknown to us. They may conduct an experiment without concern for the outcome, what will happen once we decide. If we leave everything to the end game being acted out below, will they adhere to their promise. Or, and as many of my fellow writers and thinkers imagine, if we ask for intervention, how can we control man’s input on Earth. There is a sense of fear from those who want us to rescue the planet they once thought they understood, and those who wish to keep the planet as she is. And I detect an awareness of Karma from those who would espy the endgame being played out. I’m more driven by the possibility of my family suffering. Is this a reason for choosing me, I am tied to the orb, beneath me.
‘We have taken much time to decide,’ says Baraka, ‘based on each of our experiences.’
‘Baraka you have family below, it’s only a few decades since you left.’ I had to ask if he felt a connection to the planet below us.
‘Killed by what I desired to help, you ask. I too wanted to recover my world; I contributed by trying to save the splendour of my part of it. The lion lashed out at what he imagined was a threat. I don’t blame him, Mark. I have three children, and six grandchildren I have never met. One family is still in Kenya, the others left for better lives in Europe and North America. I fear intervention, I saw in my death that nature prevails and I hope so.’
‘Did any of you ask what intervention means?’ I glimpsed what each thought, different in every case. The Buddhist and shamans saw it coming full circle, the warriors a fight against evil. And the quiet nun Mary still waited for heaven, her faith unshakable, to her this existence was just purgatory for her few mild feelings of anger. Massenet’s beautiful music always played softly in my mind, this time it came to the fore and forced a few moments of peace to my disquiet.
‘We can only make our choices based on our era’s perspective,’ suggested Aeschines, ‘and this future we now examine is nothing we envisaged.’ Everyone agreed. ‘You are here to add your thoughts.’
‘My creations are fiction beyond my understanding. I, and numerous like souls, have imagined many ways to save the Earth and even more of us contemplate only its destruction. But I base a few of our ideas on reality or present sciences.’ I stopped, the music became louder, we heard its beauty, and I felt my old body dissipating into the universe. The feeling I had as I played it while I worked. I’d stop for a moment and let my atoms free to roam as they wished.

Meryn gave us her insight. ‘I still remember everything, it’s not much different to the way you appreciate the music always in your mind. I hear drumming from far away. We imagined we’d been taken from our home in the stars, and placed on the Earth to learn and gain wisdom. On our earthly death, we’d return to the sky.’
Silence.

The Egyptian spoke. ‘We believed in the Gods and we are their servants. Many yearn for the afterlife when we might join the immortal. I practised the ways as they taught me, never admitting my misgivings. One day I saw a light and within it a man, not a god. I discovered other belief systems, noting ours must have evolved from somewhere else. I never found the truth and decided I’d only find it when I perished. When I realised the death they favour us with only came to a few, I wept.‘
‘I believed the deities would reward me in the afterlife if I died a brave warrior defending good over evil.’ Androkles’ mind was open to new ideas for he added. ‘I see no Gods.’

Quiet Mary spoke. ‘I had a vision, as history records. It didn’t add to my belief but shook it. It said something inside me was an idea far greater than our perception of God, but I saw no sign of Christ just a long tunnel. I stepped in, walked along it, and peered into the cosmos. I shuddered with terror and foolishly told Mother Superior, who I expected to comfort me and tell me to pray. But no, she and the bishop used and corrupted my knowledge to make money. After that, I had other visions and kept them to myself. I decided I lacked in faith and prayed to my familiar saints and Our Lady to release me. Part of me still wants to accept I’m waiting to enter paradise. Now I sense the way to heaven is through many doors. Since you joined us, I understand more of what I’ve seen. I imagine I might be free one day in that universe, but I no longer believe only we in my religion are called. And I listen to music we sang in church.’

I smiled at her memories not that different from those I’d imagined too. ‘Some of my kind dream everything is from our imagination and that nothing is real. Alternatively, we are part of numerous programs as are the beings in the physical world you watch below, but is what we visualise not the truth either. Many believe in belief itself and look no further. They should allow us to see things as we wish, but as you glimpse below, a number are convinced only they are on the right track and everyone else is wrong.’

‘Knowledge is individual to each soul,’ said Kanshin, ‘many are never called, and ignore those who hear the voices, and so choose the path away from enlightenment.’
‘In my lifetime your ways are favoured by many.’
‘Where did you get your imagination from Mark Lunberg?’ asked the Buddhist.
I smiled in my mind, ‘You have always been the most open of our religions, pardon, not a religion.’
‘You are no closer to deciding,’ observed Henwas.
‘No, and you choose an intervention.’
‘Because I became a warrior to save my family from death, or worse control by an ideology I despised. As I despise the doctrines now destroying our once beautiful planet.’

‘I need time,’ I admitted, ‘I don’t know who is asking us to make this decision and what intervention means. I cannot estimate a choice on such little information I want more. But I’m glad for your honesty; we gaze too long at the blue sphere and only discuss what we survey.’
Agnes always reasoned, ‘At least your era has concepts I never imagined. I am happy to be here in the future, seeing the evolution of my ideas.’

We found ourselves back in the darkness.






Chapter 3


Time passes curiously here, we return to the bubble, and months, perhaps a year may have passed. We seldom go back to our dark home, and when we do, it’s as if we are waiting for something, but nothing happens. This duration we felt expectant. My refusal to choose without more answers to my queries must bring changes to our understanding of who our saviours or captors are. I understood my colleagues had various communications with the ones who made us, but only Baraka and Agnes asked questions. The responses contained nought to help understand the creatures responsible for our continuing existence.

Then a light appeared, inside shimmered a ghostly nebulous replication of our earlier bodies. We heard a familiar voice.
‘We needed you to distrust us Mark Lunberg, you a non-believer.  Agnes and Baraka tried, but they are still tied to their old beliefs, and we told them to wait for you and I will answer many of your enquiries. Meryn sat in that bubble for a long time gazing at the world below until Adin joined her, and then the others. Their patience a tribute to our choices. You have little self-restraint Mark Lunberg, perhaps because you are not bound by one belief, but are still searching for something. Recall your first book. It hasn’t helped you manage what you see here, you called it The Watchers, and you notice similarities and doubt your own imagination.’
‘I remember they made a film,’ said Baraka, my only contemporary, ‘my son likes such ideas, that’s why he ended up in America.’
‘How did your watchers save the world Mark Lunberg?’
They implanted the first early humans with what they’d now call a Nano-chip or microchip in my day, and it divided as necessary and passed on to their children. It sensed everything in the minds of everyone. My watchers had a screen in their spaceship where everyone’s true character showed up on large screens. They destroyed the evil below by killing those who might be a danger to Earth and so leaving the planet to the care of those who loved it.
‘Did they?’
‘Yes. So it wasn’t my notion, you implanted it and my other novels, did you influence those too?’ I felt angry my imagination might not be my own.
‘It was your theory, as you have proposed in several books, time is not linear.’
‘So my scheme came first.’ I sensed everyone’s bewilderment. ‘How can I make judgments without knowing who is calling the shots?’
I waited for the truth, my ever-constant scepticism called for it.

‘We are an ancient race from afar and masters of time. We admired your unique blue ball long before your ancestry evolved, and we returned at intervals to scrutinise its development. The first humans were predictable but then we found Meryn, and others, but she stood out. She contemplated further than any other as if she was the catalyst for the next step for humanity. Even now, many of her descendants carry her gifts. We had to save her when she died. Adin came after, similar to Meryn, but something had changed, and not for the benefit of the planet. His times altered from the female Mother’s guidance to the warlike preferences of man, and a sense of taking from others to enrich the ego. Adin perceived it and tried to curb the worst excess, but all but one of his acolytes took the riches to serve the powerful and not guide them. He sent his remaining acolyte away for safety, faced the arrogant chieftain alone, and said he must change or the future would be only terror. His Lord took his head as he pleaded.’

We already experienced these stories from our friends but now we saw things from the perspective of the first watchers. It was mesmerising.

‘Pawah doubted everything and remained silent because he understood his fate would be cruel. He gained authorization to travel to those great early civilisations to the North, rare, for most Egyptians only travelled as soldiers going to war. He noticed this society’s beliefs differed to his own and wondered but he got no closer to finding what he sought. On his way home, bandits killed his small group and stole what little they possessed.
Aeschines and Androkles lived in a different world, a more cultured one. Aeschines was from a wealthy family, so a good education with time to think and write his ideas. Androkles was poor, but proved a mighty warrior and gained standing and wealth, but never forgot his beginning. He started a school for the destitute of his city, so they had more choices than just the sword, which had taken his hand in battle.
Henwas battled valiantly against the war-machine of Rome and died as their families tried to escape elsewhere. Kanshin spent his life in thought and teaching others peace. Jiva did the same. Sister Mary saw what you later imagined Mark, but she had no references to understand what it meant. Chayton was a medicine man of the Sioux, and like Sister Mary had visions, as many of his people, and he knew how to interpret them. He lived to a great age, venerated as a wise man.
Agnes was a scientist, a physicist; she longed for the key to the knowledge that still eluded her. Baraka a man who wanted to save his world, in all its diversity and stop evil from attacking the animals he sought to protect from human senseless greed and belief.  Killed by what he protected. And you Mark Lundberg, you gave us the idea to change the Earth, but only you may decide the end game.’

The form within the light flickered. I wasn’t the only one waiting to see what manner of creature had brought us together, but there was more.

‘We took your minds as you died. The currents you imagined as the energy of your brain on the computer screen Mark. As you realise that is not the truth, but a representation of the energies, your brains contained. You need a sense of containment at least for now. Once Earth’s fate is decided, you may choose how you wish to appear and where. It is up to you. Should we intervene and destroy those who devastate your races only home, and so quell the chaos below, or leave you to perish?’
‘Not enough, I want more information; I need to understand who you are.’ I insisted.
‘We have had innumerable names throughout our long existence. Call us Khrisa. We no longer have a form. Once we did; what you would see as a spider or shellfish but with six legs, not eight. We progressed with what you dub technology, and it helped our fast development, we are not plagued by your need for competition and destruction. We do not have a shape but if you insist I can show you how we looked millions of years ago.’
The light shaped changed and what came into focus wasn’t human-like. A spider inside a shell, but it only had six legs and six arms of varying lengths. A tiny face sat near the surface of the armoured body so it could retreat into the casing. Its eyes sparkled like broken glass, and what I assumed was a mouth looked a small round hole, I couldn’t guess what it might eat. Its legs covered in more of the pale bronze-coloured shell-like material. It had a structure we recognised, but how many forms had it had in its long life.
‘Many shapes Mark, this is one of the last before we realised our minds were far more powerful than our physical form.’

We gazed at the creature, strangely beautiful and not terrifying. But the writer still living within me said beware, we have no power here. It also said the Khrisa are not those who wish to drive us, if they refuse to show their true frame.
‘Well, Mark Lunberg writer of fiction, what is your reply?’
‘What is your name?’
‘We have no individual names you might understand at present. Your response please, time is nothing to us, but Meryn and the others have lived confined here for many ages, so free them. We are the Khrisa.’
‘Blackmail as a tool worries me Khrisa, but you may have my answer, no, there has to be another path.’ I sensed the shock from my other compatriots, but they did not argue.
‘Suggest this other way,’ the Khrisa insisted.
‘Change their minds to act for good, if not carry them to another planet far from here, where they can live, but don’t allow them to produce more souls that carry evil, or destroy them. Take away their existence on our planet so we have the world we wish…’

Screens appeared, just as in my time. I understood what they showed us and I explained this to the others. They displayed every person on Earth and the nanoparticle within them that mapped everything concerning their personality through their genetic make-up, as in my first novel The Watchers.

I recognised what to do, ‘Show me the negative-trait humans.’
At once the screens rolled out many tiny dots in two colours, red for negative and blue for positive. The pigments appeared even until I asked for the total stats on those traits. Earth had produced more evil than good.
‘Show me the figures in thirty years if we intervene now.’
The map changed, numbers reduced by seventy per cent and a few areas produced no population, and in those areas that held humankind, red still dominated. Unless we did something, Earth was dying, but taking away those we considered negative didn’t boost the numbers of the good.

‘Show me worldwide animal statistics in thirty years,’ said Baraka finding his voice.
It was less than any of us imagined - huge areas showed nothing. Baraka’s brain glowed wildly.
‘Mark, change your mind,’ he urged, ‘before everything worthwhile is gone.’

The creature once more a shadowy shape waited.

‘Show me alternatives to removing or killing them.’ I insisted.
‘As you have used so many of the ideas in your books, perhaps you should begin the discussion, Mark.’ The shadow insisted.

‘I propose we go back to Meryn’s day and weed out those carrying genes that might harm the future.’ Henwas interjected, acting more as a scientist than an ancient warrior. ‘Show me.’
The screen shifted, it was depressing, no amendment.

‘I agree,’ said Agnes. ‘I’d suggest we can add and change our genome without humans being aware of anything unusual.’
‘Make those with dangerous genes sterile. Show me what intervention in Meryn’s day would produce now.’ I sensed Adin denied what Agnes suggested. There were similar results. ‘Now show me how intervening now might change the figures in thirty years?’
Again negligible results.

‘I made another suggestion. ‘If we brought forward the inevitable death of the worst of our present world leaders and those who control them, how might that change the stats in thirty years?’

In patches, there was an improvement.
‘It is still murder,’ insisted Agnes.
‘Yes,’ I agreed, ‘it’s the best choice so far, but it’s not enough.’
‘This idea of an off-world prison, is it possible?’ Chayton was conflicted; he couldn’t see much in his glass helmet, the images and dreams that influenced him when alive didn’t exist in his confined mind.

No answer from our hosts so I offered mine.

 ‘Again in one of my books, and I used the idea in other stories too. We’d defeated the warped by an awful war, which destroyed both good and evil. The righteous gained control. The best and safest choice to keep the status quo was to send the evilest of our race to prison, so far away they could never return. They had to fend for themselves and so killed each other, the weakest dying first.  The worst urged others to do it for them or took pleasure in committing the murder themselves. I placed sexes on different planets and left a footnote in the book saying this was done routinely every hundred years. It wasn’t published.’
‘Why not, you used the idea again?’ asked Jiva.
‘I didn’t like my concept, but I couldn’t find a decent way to save the world without becoming a monster myself. Therefore, I detached myself completely in the other books and wrote them as if I was someone else. They contained far worse than I imagined as Mark Lunberg. It was popular and used as a basis for a television series, even that worried me.’ I looked at silent Kanshin, who understood.
‘It is fiction,’ suggested Baraka.
‘Yes, but I created it. I’m no better than those madmen below, doing appalling things to their people. The callous taking everything from those who need it most, and lining their own pockets.’ 
I was angry for not getting rid of those who would destroy something wondrous. And at our hosts for not putting forward a kinder idea we could accept and use.

The form disappeared, but the screens remained. I stood and watched as they tried different ways to save the future and saw the result. Aeschines, Jiva and Kanshin contemplated but offered no input. They believed we should let the play resolve, and if it was with the death of our race, then so be it.

Then wise Pawah enquired. ‘When did the Tree of Evil first form. Show me its roots and branches throughout history and who should we destroy if we want to avert the results seen today?’

I’d asked the same question many times as Mark Lunberg, knowing I couldn’t answer it, and here it is. Layers of ages and names coloured red we had to eradicate to prevent the Earth from dying. Without our present minds, we could never understand it.
‘Better we stop their birth,’ Meryn suggested, ‘we have to travel back in time a long way. We need to see an improvement in the thirty years window you suggest Mark.’
I felt relieved, no death, just prevention of their existence, I could cope with that.

Then a huge surprise, Kanshin agreed and so did Jiva, Aeschines, and Sister Mary. Then we realised we did not understand if it were possible, or how it may be achieved. Our brilliant idea fell away, as when a wall undermined the top bricks will collapse. But the Tree remained.
As an experiment, Agnes asked to look at the last figures again but it refused. Hope returned. But how might we achieve it?
‘Time is nothing to the Khrisa,’ I said, hoping there was truth in my supposition.

Then the blackness came again, we felt expectation, a sensation we may wake up with an enthusiasm to pursue our ideas.






Chapter 4


I woke in light, in a moment’s confusion as memories skittered through my brain. The darkness or bubble replaced by a chamber. Not from my time on Earth, but honoured its existence to any early Star Trek visual. I sat up, I should have been surprised, but I’d been prepared. I was still an AI, but this had legs and feet.  Sitting on the narrow bed, I glanced around the cabin. I could see with human vision. The room was an odd shape with rounded walls on two sides. I was curious to observe how I appeared. No bathroom, well that made sense, an artificial machine wouldn’t need one. Opening a cupboard, I located items of clothing. I pulled on what resembled jeans, and a t-shirt, with something akin to joy, and discovered a pair of modern sports shoes.  The door opened onto a blank wall, but after walking along the curved corridor, I came upon an entrance to a sizable circular room. It contained those same giant screens we saw before our transformation. Figures I assumed were Baraka, Agnes, and Meryn, were there, and they gave the impression of being euphoric. They dressed the same as I did. Agnes looked every inch a Valkyrie. Meryn appeared taller than I expected; her dark brown eyes had flecks of blue, as did the stone of Australia, an opal. Her long black hair worn loose, with two side plaits tied behind with leather.
‘You can see how you look, ask the screen for a mirror,’ suggested a young, handsome African.
‘Baraka?’
‘Who else. Go ask it.’
I did. ‘Whoa, I’m twenty-one. And no glasses too - great.

Everyone arrived and looked at their image. Sister Mary came last; a beauty with bright blue eyes and long blond hair.
We kept our silence as the now young woman gazed at her reflection and pulled at her long hair.
‘Mary?’ queried Meryn, always our mother.
‘I’m fine, just shocked at my appearance. I’ve never seen myself, only as an impression in water. Being a mind in a glass container didn’t take me as far from my beliefs like this.’

We studied each other's new forms. Kanshin, a warrior from a Ninja movie. Jiva, a proud Indian Prince. I wasn’t surprised the young warriors looked fit and handsome, clothed the same as the rest of us but with long hair. Adin’s was unadorned, but they’d plaited Henwas’ locks in parts with amber beads threaded through them. Chayton too had a similar hairstyle to Henwas, with the addition of two black feathers worn on the side and no jewellery. Aeschines was a strong warrior, not a man who spent his life in meditation. Pawah wore black around his eyes, and most of his head shaved but for a short ponytail on top. Adin had a headband on his dark mane and startling pale blue eyes.
Baraka and I laughed and hugged as we might in our times when meeting an old friend. The other stood back unsure of our antics, but Meryn smiled.
Agnes always the sensible scientist enquired, ‘Has anyone asked where we are?’
‘We are more taken with our human-like artificial intelligences,’ grinned Baraka.
Agnes’s eyes smiled, but she then became her efficient self. ‘Show us where we are?’ she queried.
Several screens showed many things including our new home. We were in what appeared to be a spacecraft, hidden in a large cave in Spain. And the time; 14,000 years ago, the ice sheets in retreat.
‘We are much earlier than I expected,’ said Aeschines.
We nodded.

I supplied an unproven answer. ‘There was talk of an unknown race after the Ice Age, invading Europe and taking over of the best land. I always read those articles for research and ideas, but I didn’t investigate. Before I died, they suggested the civilisations we thought of as the first, were superseded by older ones. Those in the field refused to change the current timelines without more proof. Sea levels rose and fell, and volcanic eruptions destroyed most of them. They say they found Atlantis in Northern India, and other areas. The myth of Atlantis covered many sunken or ruined cities. Perhaps the problems started a long time ago.’
‘We might find them?’ suggested Agnes.

Silence and reflection, happiness at our new AI bodies faded, the enormity of our responsibilities grounded our joy.
Baraka broke the stillness, ‘Did you notice the shower, they expect us to go outside, even an AI can get muddy.’ Only I laughed at his joke.

Then we fell silent at the realisation of the long ages that stretched before we existed. This might be the last chance to save the Earth. What if we failed?






Chapter 5


It wasn’t a ship but a home, with everything we needed, including the information in memory and utilised on the display. Smaller screens were set up in private work areas, and our rooms. We distributed the nano-particles without knowing how; we just accepted the distribution happened. We accepted everything the screens told us, not like me not to question how we achieved it. Even with few humans, there were plenty of the dreaded red dots.

‘So this is the time when the roots of our Tree of Evil start,’ Kanshin echoed our thoughts aloud.
‘It started early, it was survival genes,’ Baraka was thinking as the biologist he was, ‘this task isn’t as simple as we thought. Take too many of those with the necessary strengths and we might lose our race too soon.’
‘We have the future too, I’m sure we can mark individuals and see their progression and then make choices.’ I said, just like one of my imaginary scientists in a book.
Agnes agreed. ‘We are on a linear course, so we must be careful. We have thousands of years to get this right, and so fell the tree long before we arrive back where we started.’

Adin and Henwas explored the ship as the rest investigated the information to help make choices. ‘We have small vessels below, I assume to go the exterior,’ stated Adin. ‘But I can’t see any obvious way out.’
‘We have a great deal to explore here before we step outside,’ I advised.
‘Why?’ asked Pawah.
‘I suggest we have to keep an eye on anyone of interest, decide, and then stop him reproducing or not. We’ll have to study his relations too.’
‘In early tribes, everyone may be related,’ said Meryn, as usual curbing our simplistic ideas as for how this program may be achieved.

I was by far the worst at simplifying the whole, imagining stories with little reference to whether it might one day be possible. That was fiction and I felt a fraud, how could I imagine I offered solutions.
‘Do you think the Khrisa watch us?’ asked Aeschines, interrupting my useless self-absorption.
We nodded.

They programmed us to understand how everything worked and it came as required. And the vessels we called drones to explore the surrounds without leaving home. My grandson had one, but this was not as destructible as Simon’s proved to be. I wondered for a moment whether in my world my obsessed relative had finally come up with one that worked correctly.

In my room I discovered my screen played TV series and movies my time had created, and a larger collection of music than I ever accumulated. Even more fascinating, the same information I had online in my day was still available. I had to stop myself sending Felicity a message, which would have been from the grave.

Outside the ice sheets retreated and advanced with the seasons and the warming climate, and the Tundra widened readying us for the history of the forest we knew to expect. On other continents, life expanded as the modern migrations of humans continued. We had to leave our comfortable habitation and set off to follow the steps of the next human hunting grounds.

The hatch to the outside was finally revealed. Chayton longed to visit his home continent. North America, now a vastly different place than the one he’d inhabited, and he was fascinated by the early cities built in the southern continent. Aeschines went with him, saying there were strange stories regarding what might lie beyond the sea and he wished to look. Pawah and Baraka left South for Africa. Kanshin, Jiva, and Adin, East. The rest of us set out to assess the European area and conduct local studies, unless called to lend a hand to those leaving. We had ten of the small car-shaped flyers that each held four. We could hide them from sight, so as not to frighten animals and humans. It appeared the Khrisa had prepared us well.
We understood the vehicles had enough fuel for many centuries. But even Agnes didn’t understand what was in the large cylinder below, only that it might be a power source, and the house refused her constant queries.

We were reluctant to separate; joined in ways we did not recognize. When the explorers set off, the rest of us sat around the table in the circular room with our still human emotions and missed our friends.
‘We should have wine,’ I said, missing my old life.
‘We have a digestive tract,’ said Agnes, ‘I suppose we can eat, but I doubt they could absorb anything and it would come out little changed from when we ate it.’
She sounded very German, and we laughed.
‘The time may come,’ suggested Meryn, ‘when we are required, to mix with the local populace, and the unnecessary digestive tract will help us behave like normal people, we need to see how it works.’
‘We are very good AI, and unless they have excellent technology, we could pass as hominid.’ I suggested.
Then we laughed, imagining what we could do as humans. The problem was our minds connected and Mary was such an innocent. We didn’t need rest, but I often took off to my room to watch TV, I was usually with Baraka and I missed him.






Chapter 6


The last of the ice sheet warmed. The Tundra was still huge, but a birch forest steadily formed with patches of pine at higher altitudes. We’d been here a thousand years and between us inspected every one of the million humans now on the Earth. They were scattered tribes, sometimes a few individuals, everywhere bands of people formed, and then separated depending on resources. Most were peaceful, except for the dominant males who, in the same manner as his ape ancestors, fought for his women and his position. Even this early, shamans challenged the assertive male differently. The belief in the supernatural grew as these primitive societies gazed into the sky.
The stars, moon, and sun became gods, looking down on them from the skies. The ancient shaman told their own tales seen in the fire, water and the heavens. Dancing as animal spirits led them to ecstasy, as did chewing the leaves of the hallucinogenic plants. We saw the start of religion dominating the warrior, and this champion using faith to dominate. Man had lived on Earth for millions of generations, but those not able to change died out in the big chill of the hundred thousand years of this constantly changing Ice Age. The oldest cultures we found dated back further than was accepted by most archaeologists in my era. Those areas, spared the ice cover of Northern Europe and the Alps, were the most developed, and many of those societies drowned in the floods of the meltwater.

Those who studied the Americas said there were ancient nations older than my time discovered. I knew the crackpot ideas that civilisation on this world by humans, or aliens, began twenty-two thousand years ago, before the present Ice Age. Or was it two and a half million years beforehand, when the experts suggested the constant thawing and freezing first started.
My writer curiosity burned, and I asked the machine how many, but nothing happened. Agnes fascinated too, tried many ways to ask the same, but still no reply. We agreed that our race might be capable of having a wondrous society and if the myths were true, it crushed the best under the weight of ice in Antarctica. Agnes found no more and returned to consider the facts she saw, but my mind never ceased questioning.

Our kind was on the way upward; soon to become unstoppable and dominate the Earth and other species until poised to destroy it. We saw how we became dangerous. The manipulations of my day were present here too. To survive you were wise to follow those in power, or be cast out, or killed if you did not fit your allotted station. However, I did have the information from my days online as if I were still there. This familiar technology frightened me even now. I made comparisons, there were differences, but mostly what we knew and surmised was accurate. According to the probability screens that million steadily rose, sometimes doubled, every thousand years until the seven and a half billion in my day, nothing changed.

Most interesting were our expeditions to places in the East like Asia, Australia, and the Americas. I looked for great prehistoric cultures, lost long ago. Tongue in cheek, Baraka and I searched for aliens.
The communities struggled to survive and a surge of movement north into Europe, a move further south in the Americas and east and south across Asia.

Time for decisions, we proved we were good at finding those who should not breed. But the way our genes altered and changed so rapidly we might make mistakes. We had sterilised three tribes in Europe, as they preyed on others without mercy, and we are forced by our humanity to stop the slaughter of the innocent. This sterilisation technique was a new technology. It comprised of a gun that fired minute tablets containing the chemicals that made the child or adult sterile; we could use it for both sexes. The capsule penetrated the thickest garments and felt like a small prick, like those tiny creatures their clothes contained.  What gave us pause was when we had to interfere; the first time they called me to help, someone stole several young women from another tribe while they were looking for food, after killing the older members and the babies. The men taking them away were heavily tattooed and smeared with dried red and grey mud. It horrified us; I stared unable to move, unsure and not used to physical contact, and unused to seeing violence in reality, not just imagining it. But as I decided what to do Adin acted; he found a large stone, and with his AI strength and speed, killed the men as Meryn and I looked on in horror. We then both realised the terrified women still screamed in terror and we took two each, over our shoulders to their camp. Adin did the same, going back for the other three and urging me to help.
We gave the women water and soothed them until their men returned from their hunt when we disappeared. We waited as they found their dead family members and then watched as they took their meat. They ate their people at a ceremony, keening loudly in their grief. They buried unwanted remains and moved away from the area.
It stunned us. Meryn said it was rumoured it still happened in times of famine. I’d heard theories that early men ate his own, but to see it enacted was the worst thing I’d ever witnessed. Yet we sensed they weren’t for sterilising. Afterwards, we went back to the ship unable to forget what we’d seen, and to seek consolation with our colleagues. Meryn and Adin recovered, but I struggled with the reality of our task.

We now had a fighter on each trek and our warrior numbers grew, Pawah and Aeschines took on that role and we had Adin, Henwas, and Chayton too. They killed the savage aggressors and saved the peaceful tribes. That improved the graph in various parts of the world.






Chapter 7


We sat around the table. With the Khrisa’s help we’d improved our minds, but Agnes, still the brightest, chaired the meetings.
‘So it’s agreed we work backwards with the last Tree of Evil, to destroy it by the roots.’
Everyone nodded. The only way this could succeed was by removing the ancestors who caused the most trouble. We’d toil through history again; genetics were far more complex and chaotic than taking out the first ancestor, or red dot, as undesirable. And, that meant by the time we reached the twenty-first century our original forms may never have existed. That irony was understood.
‘And operate one generation back from the negative personality.’ I repeated.
‘Keeping the others of these families in our sight as they evolve,’ added Baraka.
All agreed but were nervous.

It was 7,000 BC again, and we had eight million humans to assess and sterilise as required, and kill if their behaviour harmed other human beings. That hurt most of us, as eradication was not in our original programming. We kept a close eye on the red dots on our maps. A few years later the same dot showed on their foreheads too and at first, we assumed Agnes had manipulated our agendas. She denied it, but it made our ever-growing project much easier. Now we must go outside more, not only had these forehead dots appeared but also we fitted with the population. Our skin, hair and eye colour changed at will, and again Agnes disowned she had found the program responsible. It had to be the Khrisa monitoring us and they added to our systems as necessary.

Not every descendant of the malevolent passed on wrongdoing, which was of great interest. We lost those descended once from blue, as their red dots manifested. The Algorithm was set, and we knew our prey. Only when this was achieved would we see if time and effort attained the desired effect on the final tree. The sterilisations were to be repeated throughout history until we arrived where I left. Then if the Tree of Evil never existed, our world might be as I imagined it. Each saw a divergent end game because we had lived very different lives.

We had endured the icy wastes long enough to miss the Tundra and the ice sheets as they slowly disappeared. There was a fierce beauty about the cold, cruel life fought by animal and hominid alike. Baraka and I were from another time, and found the hunts disturbing from the animal’s point of view, while the others saw it sad, but necessary. I didn’t want the next phase to start.
The freezing cold deserts were sparsely populated, so when new peoples travelled it was easy for the greedy, cruel tribes to harass those moving to fresh pastures from the East and South. Although we knew what to expect from the endless information prepared by the Khrisa and their frightening machines. The sudden appearance of the coloured dots on the foreheads of the present Homosapiens terrified us far more than the complicated system of picking the right individual on our screen with sensors. Over time, they became recognisable as the humans we remembered, we are here to judge them, and it was difficult not to be moved by their suffering.

So much migration, far more complex than the once uncomplicated out of Africa idea popular in my era. Many said it was more complicated even then, but the proof was rare. The more we observed in reality rather than a history book, the more my previous ideas changed. We noted small beginnings in the simple mud dwellings along the great rivers, Euphrates, and Tigris. Having seen the elaborate truth, further back in time, we understood what happened. The screens still refused information on the deeper past, a period we knew so little of in my future. I burned more than the others; as many in my era did. I longed to know if giants once roamed the Earth or there were large cities below the ice of Antarctica, crushed from existence or sunk deep in the sea. The curiosity that made me a writer was never silent.
In various areas, farming was preferred to hunter gathering, but the men still needed to hunt and the women collect seeds and fruit.  It was our first foray into this area in Western Africa for five hundred years. We were about to exit the vehicle when Agnes sent an urgent message, she asked us to return, she’d found what the strange anomalies she investigated might be.

‘People without dots - what do you mean?’ asked Henwas.
‘I don’t think Baraka and Mark took looking for their aliens seriously, for we may have something unusual.’
‘Must be something wrong with the program,’ suggested Jiva.
‘I’ve done more research. In South America, in the Western Mountains, where you found no sign of Homosapiens.’ Agnes waited as what she said sunk in.
‘Near what will be Lake Titicaca.  We did the usual scans, didn’t we Baraka?’ I insisted.
He nodded his head. ‘What do you mean they’ve no dots, every individual on Earth is supposed to be tagged.’
‘Perhaps we’re not talking about hominids,’ said Agnes, with an unusual scowl.
‘Khrisa?’ suggested Henwas.
‘Possible, more probable than not, and in a form, more human than insect or crustacean,’ supplied Aeschines, back as the philosopher.
‘We must decide what we should do.’ asked Agnes. ‘Carry on being careful, and stay away from the unknown without dots, or do we try a meeting?’

The screens answered the question, the first time they’d offered advice, and it read as an order. AVOID, the word ran over everything on-screen so we were in no doubt, we had to keep clear of these strange creatures.






Chapter 8


As instructed, we avoided the people without dots. Upgrades in stealth technology appeared, in our suits and the cloaking device on the crafts.
We noticed the dot-less a few times, they had similar technology, as now and again, one would step out of nowhere and back again. They looked like us but with pale skin and hair, we didn’t get close enough to look further. However, we recognised they appeared to be better looking than the average human was. We agreed they had to be our overlords, and yet why they were contemptuous of our existence made little sense. As if they were not aware we were here. Or, as if they were from the past and not the same Khrisa who influenced our toils. Our instincts were correct we surmised. We discussed the distrust of the Khrisa for not telling the truth and came to the same conclusion. The Khrisa we saw on Earth were in their present, and those who had come to us on our dark ship were from their future.

It was one of my favourite historical periods, the rise of the cities of the Euphrates and Tigris. We appreciated why the mud-brick villages sprung up along the rivers, the tribes irrigating crops by hand. Now they dug trenches from the river so they could enlarge their fields. More ingenuity was soon to follow. We saw the migrants coming mainly from the eastern desert areas and modern-day Arabia. At first, there was room for everyone. The change was slow to start, and then at great speed populations grew to capacity and sought food and luxury goods elsewhere. Crude reed rafts developed as the materials were easily available. Commonly humans hollowed-out logs or made round coracles made of a hide covering a basket-like frame, still used in my day. The early boats had no paddles, so they carried them upstream. This technology advanced as the vessels became bigger and had to be taken apart to transport.  Boatmen developed oars, skin and later reed boats became larger and stronger with wood frames. In addition sails. To see what I’d imagined in my previous life as a human was not as fascinating to the earlier members of our tribe as it was to me.

I remained hidden from the natives and watched early reed rafts on the river carrying excess foods for bartering elsewhere.
Pawah sat beside me.
‘The true beginnings of the unknown chronicle, that captured hearts and minds for so long.’ I suggested. 
He nodded, ‘A good description. You keep excellent records; are you thinking of changing your era’s history books?’
‘They’ll be written by others, and perhaps not the men and women who wrote the ones I read. I wonder if we fail at this will the Khrisa just push reset and then what?’
‘You have such complicated imaginings; if you talked about these ideas in any era other than your own no-one would understand you.’
‘Yet now you know them, what if we are sent back to our time before death, would you prefer to remember the futures Pawah, could you bear the knowledge of the future in one mind?’
‘Yes, I searched for something more than my priestly belief gave me. What will they do with us once this experiment is finished. I don’t want to return to a glowing brain in a glass prison, do you?’
‘No,’ I agreed.
‘Have you enough information, everyone else is back at base.’
‘Yes enough, I was always fascinated about this time. In this area and in Europe the changes will be greater.’
‘If it’s not changed from the history books you remember, then we have failed Mark,’ said wise Pawah.
‘I understand. Have you considered you might meet yourself in Egypt?’
‘I’ll keep away. If I exist there.’
‘Science Fiction was less complicated than this Pawah.’
He smiled.






Chapter 9


Time moved faster as people discovered new ideas and migrated across the European continent. In contrast to earlier times, advancement occurred so fast we kept busy sterilising our red dots, which, no matter how hard we worked, only marginally altered the graph. Pawah’s Egypt was hardly affected, nor the Persian Empire. China struggled because of wars between its different kingdoms. Then Baraka and I noticed the Roman Empire did not exist as we remembered it. It preferred trade over conquest. We had changed something very important. Our new world wouldn’t see the terror Henwas had to experience in his earlier life. He and I concentrated on that study, but often Baraka came with us. The Romans might be traders, but they had armies of men and the great engineers so admired by history. They still controlled their slaves, traded from their commercial partners as most old civilisations did. However, the Senate kept its control, no Augustus became Emperor, and no one else did. It altered everything.

Rome grew, yes, but they bargained for commodities with knowledge and skill, not war. They took wheat, minerals, and whatever else required and paid for it with aqueducts, roads, and buildings. Europe and the Middle East bloomed much earlier, and wars became fewer. China still contained several countries, unlike in our past when they preferred to stay within their borders, this time they explored the world. They traded their wares, instead of merchants using the old Silk Road to bring goods from their lands for distribution. The Americas had a similar story as the previous one, so did India, Africa and Australia, although no cruel invasions. Jesus arrived, not crucified by the Romans because they were no longer in charge of that part of Palestine. The Bible still existed, not written by one race as some scholars still believed in my time too. It was put together in Crete, with scholars of many races telling the tales of their histories, old beliefs, and ancient, magical tales. Jesus’ story included later too. There were more stories added as more peoples and their memories were discovered.

Fewer red dots meant it was easier to control them. Many countries didn’t exist as I remembered. Britain, a tranquil place, never had an Empire; it had exceptional skills in imagination seen through books and art, and sold them to the rest of the world. America was peaceful. Indians in North and South America made a living through trade. No Viking hoards, no Russian threat, no Hitler. People still read the now many-volumed Bible and took out of it what they wished. No one fought over the understanding of the contents. Finally, they mined the De Kuyper belt for what they needed, and not their own planet. Humans lived in peace with themselves and everything on the Earth. We knew we had succeeded. Yet with our success came fear too as we viewed our achievements. We were no longer necessary. Even more telling, the actual year in this remarkable world was equivalent to only 1500 AD.

We sat around the table and replaced the blue dots of today’s screens with a video of our favourite places on this glorious blue globe. Silent as if waiting for the Khrisa to come to flip an advanced switch and turn us off.

Finally, our mother figure Meryn broke the uncomfortable silence. ‘We did it, we saved the world. It is now a wondrous place, filled with beauty and kindness. And thanks to a book that will be written over five centuries in the future by you Mark.’
‘Perhaps it never will now,’ I answered sadly.
‘Meryn you are the only one who looked for your old self. Adin, Pawah and the wise Greeks avoided it.’
Meryn smiled. ‘My life was the same as I remembered.’
‘I wish the Khrisa would return and…’ Baraka couldn’t mention it.
‘Then we should say our goodbyes now,’ suggested Chayton.
Mary sobbed and Meryn put a comforting hand on her shoulder.

I awoke to the glorious sound of Massenet Meditation Thais.






Chapter 10


I lay in a room I didn’t recognise. It was dark; a dim light came from strip lighting at the top of the walls. I felt frustrated trying to work out where I might be, then my brain cleared enough and I checked I had a heartbeat, I did. In addition, I have lungs too. I was even more confused. Who am I?
I sat up, swung my legs over the edge of the bed, and stood; from my movements, I sensed this body was human. I walked around an area with little furniture but a bed, sofa and small tables. No doors or windows, how can I make it brighter?
Then I heard a sound, a door must have opened, for light came into the room. It was Felicity.
‘Hey lazy bones, you’re meeting Baraka in an hour.’

A large blind rolled up and I could see my darling wife, young again and pregnant. In addition, her smile, the one I never forgot, lit up her beautiful face. Those deep brown eyes were just as mysterious and her dark hair long, loose, the chestnut highlights giving it movement.
‘Wake up Mark. I’m meeting my ladies for lunch too. So I’ll see you later.’ She gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and was gone.
I followed her outside, needing to relieve myself, the oddest sensation. Nervously I stepped out into a corridor, but couldn’t find a door.
Frightened now, I retraced my steps to the bedroom, sat on the couch and gazed outside the large window. This was not San Francisco, or if it was, not the one I remembered. We were high up, other tall buildings of varying shapes placed at intervals, but not close together as in my twenty-first century. In addition, another complete change, there was greenery everywhere. Fascinated I got up and looked to the ground; it was green, filled with trees, with no sign of roads or traffic.

‘Concentrate Mark,’ I said aloud, ‘where is the bathroom?’
I moved to one of the panels and a door slid open, a blue light here too, and when I entered the room, it became brighter. Obviously, if I didn’t think too hard, I could remember. I showered and found the cupboard with clothes, again different from my day, more Science Fiction. My mind wandered again, wondering if there was any of my old favouries on this world. Something vibrated on my sleeve. I touched it and Baraka’s face appeared.

‘Mark, you ok?’ his voice deeper than his AI. ‘I had this sense I should call you.’
‘Baraka, what’s happened?’
‘Ah, you’ve finally arrived.’
‘Arrived?’
‘What do you remember?’
‘Everything with regards the past, but nothing concerning where I am now.’
‘You will, first few hours are tricky, my wife thought I was ill. I said I am and crawled back into bed. By the time I got up again, my data streams were synced. This is the future Mark the one we created; it worked, and it’s joyous. You won’t believe what we’ve made. Stay there I’ll come to you and show you around while you sync.’
‘How old am I Baraka?’
He laughed, ‘Twenty five to my fifty-five, and I woke up at the same age, and didn’t get mauled by old Toby fifteen years ago. I freaked out as the day neared. I’ll get there in fifteen minutes; you’d best use your time learning how your entry door works.’

I did, and cried as I clutched my oldest friend, as he wept too.






Chapter 11


We walked in beneath the metropolis. Not San Francisco, as expected, but London, now called Lundien. It wasn’t dark or ugly. Light shone from above, via shafts. I remembered a plan I’d seen for the new part of the Underground showing this.
‘Why am I in London, this time?’ the change to my former home city added to my confusion.
‘Your father didn’t move to the US when you were thirteen; they were doing fine here in Euoran, or Europe. Same for other former colonies, we moved around the world, not for land but to trade.’
‘As did the Romans.’
‘Yes, there is still a San Francisco, New York and other cities you’d remember, but no invasion as in our day. People from around this world settled there without war and everyone co-existed well, no new Rome ever caused chaos and destruction.’

I looked up at the ceiling; the pillars holding up the roof reminded me of ancient cathedrals.
‘Are cathedrals still here?’
Baraka smiled, only he understood the strange process I endured. ‘Yes, and everything ancient and unique is treasured. And your next question is concerning the religions of our time. Those institutions that once gave us love and a way to follow and frequently tried to destroy us.’
‘Yes.’
‘Gone. There are replacements, many societies for those interested in various subjects of science, archaeology, art, much more and they communicate worldwide.’
‘It is beautiful here, is the tube still running?’
Baraka laughed, ‘There are tubes going everywhere, a few very fast to reach far places, slower for local use, tubes for goods and separate ones for people.’
‘Soon I’ll remember both lives, the present one, and the past, we should get a coffee and something to eat. Do they still have coffee?’
‘Yes, my friend they do.’

We said little for a while; as I gained power over another mind and my own. ‘I recollect this life and I recall those long ages as an AI too.’
‘Yes, so do I.’
‘The others?’
‘Hopefully long dead, but I know others survived, Agnes, left a letter for her great-grandchildren to give me. Imagine their surprise when they discovered me. She found Chayton too. I’d say we got back.’
‘Henwas would’ve lived a different life.’
‘Yes. How are you?’
‘Back, I remember everything, this Earth is glorious. What language are we speaking?’
‘Hybrid, mainly Welsh, some Irish, French, and German, took me a while to source the pieces and compare them to the languages I was used to, as you will. Most people speak this version and local dialects that stood the test of world trade. Everyone gets on together, my black skin isn’t seen as different or a threat. One day we will be the same race.’ I nodded. ‘So my dear and oldest friend what will you do now?’
‘Write the Watchers again. Now I’m a popular author who writes for a living, many will read it and think, at least I hope so. Or will they assume it’s another interesting piece of fiction.’
‘I’d like to believe the descendants of our companions, might be stirred with unknown feelings. Remember we know now that our genes do hold memories.’
My sleeved vibrated; it was Felicity.
I looked at Baraka. ‘My wife,’ how I relished those words, ‘suggests we meet up later for dinner and has booked your favourite restaurant for seven.’
We both smiled. We were not home but given another life to be with the ones we loved. And see our success, the result of long labours.
‘I wonder who the Khrisa were, I constantly wondered if they were in disguise. Might they be our creators giving us a last chance to survive?’
Baraka agreed, ‘We couldn’t prove it but most of us entertained that idea. Agnes, you and I never imagined gods as the others did.’
‘Agnes, ever a rational scientist, and you and I knew the Watchers from my first book. Where shall we go before we meet up with Felicity?’
‘Britannia Museum.’






Chapter 12


We had a boy named for my Paul in the other world. As keeping a low population was a priority, we had to apply for a second and be accepted, and so had my daughter Clare. Felicity said a further permit would be rejected.  But I wanted to bring back my son Casey too. The wish to recover my youngest son didn’t fit this Earth we now lived on, and I couldn’t tell her why I longed for another child. This loss was one of the hardest of this new life. Not only a child was missing, but various aunts, uncles, cousins, and good friends too, and I missed them deeply. Sometimes I wondered why the Khrisa kept all our memories.
We shared the children’s care in my current world as we had in the old. Felicity worked as a museum curator. I wrote another book but was nervous to start The Watchers. Notes piled up, I’d written five chapters. With both children in school, there were no more excuses; I must write it.

As a family, we often visited Baraka’s wildlife park, no one could guess what we discussed when alone. Our families were friends, Baraka’s grandchildren as cousins to mine. When our wives and families wouldn’t miss us we took our beer to dark places to discuss other lives.
The first discussion concerned the book, I couldn’t write.  Baraka knew my reluctance; we had many previous discussions.
‘No closer?’
‘No, I recall everything too clearly, so that when I compose it I ache for our friends. Instead, I research the times when they have lived in this world. I remember their families and how their stories might have changed. I wish you could co-author it.’
‘It’s your story Mark, we’ve had this discussion before, you always agree with me. It’s up to you to write the new version of The Watchers. Your children are at school and Felicity is busy at work, now you have peace to lose yourself in the book that started our old journey. I promise to read it and suggest adjustments as necessary before publication. I suppose another narrative is nibbling at you again. Resist, then we will both earn our freedom.’
‘Perhaps, that is what’s stopping me, whatever I write and remember about my past lives as a human, program, and AI it is difficult.  I never want to forget them.’
‘And you are afraid, once you finish the chronicle your old memories will vanish. We wondered if that is the truth, but I don’t believe so. Agnes and Chayton didn’t forget, so why should you. I should say we, for it binds us together until I die. These days humans usually make one hundred and fifty years on average.’

The thought of living when Baraka died raised my feelings of panic. I changed the subject. ‘They’ve completed the city on Earth II, did you read it?’
He understood why I altered the conversation. ‘Yes, don’t say you are thinking of volunteering the family for resettlement there?’ His smile was wide.
I smiled back. ‘No, I couldn’t leave you. Felicity ran it by me; she knows I am struggling and that I’m obsessed with the idea. She’s worried; I reassured her I’m not leaving this Earth. But what I said was this version of Earth, then twisted it as part of an idea - acting the writer, she knows how my mind alters ideas. We are so much further ahead in this world than our own time, and living in a Science Fiction novel. Now they’ve bent space and get to Earth II in three years, it is terrifying. I conceived something similar when a teenager and drew a simple sketch, but never imagined it would be possible.’
‘Soon they’ll make it in months, we forget this research was worked on long before Agnes got involved.’
‘But Agnes made the difference. Do you ever wonder Baraka, why she was chosen? The rest of us were clever, but not like Agnes.’
‘Agnes was brilliant, and caught up when she arrived here? And you think she was there in our pasts because she’d help this Earth move forward.’
‘Makes sense, just me being a writer.’






Chapter 13


I loved Baraka’s animal grassland. It covered many square miles, so as not to hinder the ancient tracks of the animals. Tourists passed over the area in a small airborne conveyance, almost identical to the tube trains that crisscrossed underneath the surface. It landed in safe areas so you explored under the guidance of the many Rangers. No elephant or rhino killed for tusks or horns. Compared to the age Baraka and I came from, this wildlife park was paradise. I remember the first time I flew over after I regained my old memories, and I cried. I never got over the euphoria. We visited other parks over the world. My tears fell in each one, trying to keep my tears of joy secret was impossible. I told Felicity it was because of the beauty of the life we saw. The truth is that my world destroyed animals they considered of no consequence, and here are cherished.

Before I left, we had another private talk. We walked to one of the viewing platforms near to the accommodation sector where we stayed, not far from Baraka’s family home.
We sat and watched the sun go down as we listened to the sounds of the animals.
I spoke first, ‘Are we in denial my friend, can our world still exist or has this taken its place. Worse, those we miss in this one might never have existed.’
‘And we grieve again for those we loved? It’s possible, that question has been in your mind, since the old us met again eight years ago. As we walked around the Britannia Museum, you wondered the same.’
‘Did I? I don’t remember everything we discussed. That idea holds me back from writing The Watchers again, amongst others.’
‘I believe it does,’ he halted. ‘There’s no changing the trajectory of failure we saw happening in our world. Our loved ones might have died of many things.’
I nodded. ‘I wish we could speak to the Khrisa.’
‘Are they still observing us, Mark? I imagine they are the beautiful human-like beings we were told not to contact.’
‘From their past?’
‘Possibly, as we discussed with the others.’
‘If they were, why didn’t they do it themselves?’
‘Perhaps that wasn’t in their brief. Maybe our Khrisa is a renegade, and didn’t approve of the way their kind left Earth and wanted to fix it by getting around the rules.’
Suddenly the clouds in my mind lifted. ‘I’ve got the new Watchers book sorted Baraka. I’ll use those conversations we had.’

It took just a few months. I’d been filling in time writing short stories, but now I had a purpose. When I wasn’t scribbling, but looking after my offspring, my brain buzzed with images, I had to concentrate. My dear wife was as kind in this world as in the last. She made notes via computer from the flat a few days each week so she could take the children to and from school for a few days. As they age, they’d mostly do their lessons from home, and attend school weekly, but for now, they needed a routine. She didn’t chide me for not wanting to go out, and I hardly noticed if they were here or not. When I finished, I cried. I’d worked in a different style than usual, no research, no need to consider my next idea, these ideas were part of my experiences. As I read it back I wept.

I apologised to my family and promised to make it up to them by a break to the sea. But I was so frightened of losing the physical story, that I resorted to the old ways of my first Earth, and sent Baraka a copy, then hid mine. My modern life faded with my self-absorption and I did my best to come back to the present.
But I realised I was overdoing it, and Felicity would be aware something was wrong. At times, it was as if I was back on my Earth, or as the brain on black sticks, floating above that blue globe in the glass bowl. Constantly making observations imagining this was our endless future.  Or the young AI travelling my old planet, spinning through time, as we worked hard to steer its DNA to success and killing no one. I’ve lost myself in my many pasts and I’m terrified.
Then I remembered what always saved me and played Massenet Meditation Thais. Thankful it was still in this world, for if ever I lost my way, it helped me. I’d forgotten in my neurosis the way to quiet my mind was this music, it had guided me throughout my long journey, helping calm my terror.

Baraka approved my finished draft and saw nothing wrong. I knew I had done enough and sent it to my publisher. There was great enthusiasm for it, which I felt I did not deserve. My first Watchers story was my imagination I told myself, and this the memories of times I could never repeat to anyone but Baraka. In another short month, I attended the present version of a launch. No pen required to sign paper books, but questions to discuss. Baraka and his wife Aisha came to the major one, a few months later. I reacted to his pride and encouragement, soothing my unease at so many waiting for my next book, which in reality was the first I had written in another time.






Chapter 14


I still burned to find the Khrisa. With no success, no tales from the ancient past told any story, although many hinted at aliens. I wrote a book a year, mostly based on The Watchers, and my wonderful friends lost to the ages, apart from Baraka. In this time I was a best-selling Sci-Fi author with enough credits, meaning there was no necessity to pay the bills as a store manager. Not that I cared, I’d never been one for fame, just my need to write. Then that period of intensity was finished. I accepted from now on I’d revert to those short stories for the rest of my life, I needed something else to concentrate on, other than my hopeless search for the strange Khrisa. I wanted to know if my youngest son had ever existed. The only thing that soothed me was music. Baraka understood; he always did.

Felicity recognised I needed a diversion other than writing. She knew I required a change of occupation for a while, if not a permanent one. My children were a joy; it helped me forget Casey, but never fully succeeded, he haunted me. I loved my family with all my heart, and having finished The Watchers, or the story of my long life, I had more time to appreciate them. Felicity had an idea. Several older vaults in the Britannia Museum were to be sorted and rehoused; she suggested I could lend a hand with the moving.
I agreed and appreciated it would be hard work. Being more than just interested in history, or more correctly, interpreting the past as I had lived it. I remembered the old times as an AI should. But must keep silent, or make a fool’s observation to a professional to think again. I tried not to burn with excitement and told myself to listen to music and relax.

It was hard work, and I enjoyed it. There were files from hundreds of years ago and old crypts full of the related goods. We started in a logical order, three teams, each including a professional archaeologist, an experienced curator, a recordist, and two grunts, as I was. One of several volunteers, my usual off-sider, a medical scientist, offered to work here instead of taking a trip somewhere relaxing. Jarrod explained he’d volunteered at archaeological digs since he was a boy, and this would be his last for a long time. He had a partner, and they’d applied for permission to have a baby. I saw my earlier self in him, the fear that having to bring up a child could interfere with his passion. I told him in my experience that fatherhood was a very worthwhile diversion.

I noted there wasn’t change in the early finds, which I was familiar with, mostly primitive stone tools, the recordists diligently comparing the old written notes with the objects and digitising them. Then we’d move the boxes and place a digital tag on the shelf, or drawer. I kept my identity to myself, although I knew most of the archaeologist and curators, and I appreciated their silence. I didn’t see Felicity here; she was part of a team running new exhibitions.

This was the first opportunity, apart from school and university, when I conversed with the like-minded from various specialities. The volunteer teams of grunts were from different walks of life, but we shared a love of the past. Then they found an old box in one of the ancient Persia aisles. I could see why these subjects fitted the era, but the style was unusual, and I knew who had carved these so long ago - Henwas. It was hard to keep my emotions under control. My dear friend Henwas wasn’t the only artist amongst us, but how did they get here, they were on our ship. The ship! Why hadn’t Baraka and I thought of searching for it? As the box’s contents were laid out, my memories came flooding back.

‘Odd, these look Celtic from the style, but not the content, that’s Persian.’
Then Diane Barrett, a good friend of Felicity, picked up a statue. ‘Look at this, it’s a different take on the usual statues of Mari.’ She pointed at the effigy of the goddess and her snake son and husband. It was surrounded by what looked like a shell and on the back six strangely shaped legs.
It was the Khrisa, Henwas’ understanding of what controlled us, together with a deity from the era we studied. I remembered sitting around the large table discussing it, with the others. We sensed the Khrisa were not as they appeared, and this was Henwas’ interpretation of what he imagined. I wanted to snatch it from Diane’s hand, shouting it was mine by inheritance. Everything that had been Henwas’ belonged now to Baraka and I, as his rightful descendants. I took photos saying it was unusual and interesting.

Baraka was shocked when I showed him. ‘There might be more,’ the holo-screen appeared to shimmer his pain.
‘Possibly, there was more art made by our friends, even you tried.’
‘I wasn’t much good. I doubt it would have stood out as an artefact,’ he said, trying to come to terms with what this meant.
‘We should look for the ship, do you agree?’
‘Yes,’ he wasn’t smiling.
‘It might mean that this Earth, is our Earth, not one from another dimension and the family I assume are still there, never existed.’

Baraka tried to tell me this theory many times, but I refuted it. ‘When do you finish at the museum Mark?’
‘I have a summer break in 3 weeks, is that ok with your timetable?’
‘We aren’t shorthanded in this current timeline, I can arrange it. What excuse can we use to get away on our own that both our wives believe?’
‘You’ve heard from an old friend in Spain and we thought we’d take a few days to visit, I suggested I come too to keep you company. I suppose we can remember where the cave is?’
Baraka nodded.  ‘Always the writer, Mark… are you all right?’
‘Yes, odd considering I’m the one always full of angst about everything.’






Chapter 15


The Spanish mountains were unchanged from when we left them five hundred years earlier. For a man of over sixty, Baraka was still nimble, I kept forgetting the normal lifespan was now one hundred and fifty. We remembered the best place to park the private transporter and which path to take. But finding the entrance might be more difficult. We arrived at a split in the rock.
‘Isn’t this the front door?’ Baraka’s voice was terse, no doubt we were both afraid of finding it, or not.
‘I’ll see if it lets me in.’ Pushing my way through the dry grass at the entrance to the crevice I stood before what was once the opening to our cave. I had one of those mad moments many of us get at times of stress. ‘Abracadabra,’ I half-joked.
Next moment I materialised in the cave’s darkness, but suddenly the lights shone, and parked over the underground stream was the ship, home.
Baraka was soon beside me, ‘I didn’t expect it to be still here, did you?’
‘No. How do you feel Baraka?’
‘Not sure, you?’
‘It’s home. I’ve never felt whole since I synced, as if a piece of me is missing and I don’t mean my son and the others who no longer exist.’
‘Yes, Aisha and I were luckier, we managed to replace our third, and it helped.’
‘All in the numbers, we are balancing the books forever.’ I laughed hysterically. I took a deep breath to calm myself and started along the old worn path to the ship. Both the cave and vessel looked much bigger than I imagined.
‘It doesn’t look as if it has been lying idle for centuries. And the black outer skin is so dark, nothing reflects from the surface, seeing it as an actual human differs greatly from artificial my eyes.’

We hurried to the ship’s entrance; it opened with a slight whoosh.
‘Careful,’ suggested Baraka, standing in the opening so the door wouldn’t close on us. ‘We didn’t need air to breathe then.’
‘True, but we brought in animals and they survived, there must have been air. You stay there and hold it open and I’ll see if we can breathe.’
A few minutes later, I came back with a rock Agnes found, an old meteorite, and placed it in the entrance to keep the doorway ajar. ‘I didn’t get breathless.’

We checked out the outer part of the inside of the ship, it looked the same as before, including our rooms. We walked into the central part into the room where we held our meetings.
‘Show me the dots,’ said Baraka, and the screens lit up as if we’d never been away.
We both jumped and stared at the display. More red ones than when we left, not too many. In the last five hundred years, they’d moved up to three per cent from zero. We reacted to an awful sense of déjà vu. Our job wasn’t over, we might have to come back and start again. I experienced panic; until I saw the storage data file on the table. I picked it up and asked the computer to open it.
It was from Agnes.

Her narrative was long but concise; it included Chayton, old when she located him and she still young. It felt as if we’d found our friends again, at least two. The story started inside the ship, she wrote they’d been drawn here, and she’d discerned the spike of red dots to one per cent. It followed their lives until Chayton died. And then Agnes’ tale. Her last report said she was getting too elderly to come alone, so it had to be goodbye. She loved us and wished us well.
We both wept.
I needed to relieve myself, and from old habits, wandered into my room. Realising as I did, it didn’t have what I required. But something was different, a new door. I’d been expected.

The ship changed everything. That all I’d lost was truly gone. Baraka agreed, this was our Earth, not a parallel world as we both expected, the missing just memories or dreams from the past we’d hoped still existed.
It was a silent flight back to the Interport. We took a different tube home. Parting was always difficult, but this even more so. Like Agnes, we knew the ship was part of us, but we were afraid. Those red dots were growing again; the new Earth was in danger from evil. The problem was deep within our genes, is there no way we could ever be rid of them, without our race’s demise.






Chapter 16


I continued working at the museum after my holiday. Many volunteered to peer into the darkness and wonders of antiquity. I wondered sometimes if their obsession was because of genes from my old friends.
Part of me lost the urge to write, but The Watchers was even more popular in this life than the preceding one. As before, they translated it into visual. There were no longer cinemas; all viewing done at home on screens similar to what I remember. I was fortunate, my parents, and a sister were here, but through the Population Containment Program, many didn’t exist.

Our children were growing closer to adulthood. We were a happy family, and they made us proud, not only by their achievements but by their kind natures.
Then one day Felicity surprised me. ‘Mark, are you still interested in another child, I’ve heard they can’t fill the quota this year so they are asking for volunteers.’
I’d finally given up replacing my youngest. I tried to keep calm. ‘Yes, let’s try. I’ll take time away from the museum and do most of the chores.’
‘I knew you’d say that. Unbelievable, it’s ages since this happened, but having children isn’t for everyone, and this must be one of those rare occasions they are short of volunteers. I’ve applied,’ she grinned.
We hugged, as I tried not to think what if it was a girl, not a boy, telling myself it wasn’t important, it was still my third child reclaimed.

It was a daughter, but I didn’t mind. We called her Casey after our last baby, this family was now complete, but despite that, it terrified me I could lose them, and I admitted this to Baraka. He worried about my mental health, so we went back to the ship. We sat at the table as before; here we could tell the truth we denied in the real realm.
‘You need to write again. I am so involved in my work I cope better than you, but I too am out of step with this Earth, it’s too simple. Everything I dreamed about correcting on our dreadful, dying old world we have achieved on this one. They have paid us for our efforts by reliving our lives on that perfect sphere we imagined. The increase in red dots jolted my complacency; I am losing my grip on reality too,’ admitted Baraka, my brother, the brave and strong.
‘We shouldn’t have come to the ship, but I wasn’t fine beforehand either, you managed better.’
‘I’m not coping, I never have, just pretended everything was normal. No one can have two worlds; spend thousands of years as artificial intelligence. And love a group of people who are separated by time. Remember all we went through, and then able to step back into our old ways of life as if nothing happened. Nobody could. What scares me is why didn’t they wipe those memories and give us peace.’
‘Yes, that thought dominates me too. When we see those red dots growing I’m aware, we still have responsibilities. I think I will create again. Casey doesn’t need as much of my time now and I can work as she plays or sleeps. I am grateful for the one day in the archives and don’t want to give that up, in case there’s more from our past hidden away. I intend to keep working at the museum, and write when Casey goes to school. Paul and Clare are growing up fast and help when they are home.’
‘I’ve discerned this deep in the vaults obsession.’
‘Baraka I nearly stole Henwas’ art,’ I admitted.
‘Not surprised. They’ve only gone back into storage, no one would notice for hundreds of years.’
‘I’ve never stolen anything. They belong here on the ship in Henwas’ room. Why they are there? From memory, we didn’t have time to pack.’ We stared at each other. ‘We are not free; this life on a near-perfect Earth is a reward for our services.’
‘I sense the same as if we won’t be let go at our next deaths either.’ Baraka suddenly stood up and hurried to Henwas’ cabin.

I followed him; the objects in the museum’s vaults were still here. We moved from chamber to chamber, nothing was missing.
Baraka walked back into the main room and asked a question of the screens.
‘Is everything on this ship as we left it?’
It answered. YES appeared on the displays.
I had to ask another query even if I doubted an answer to this one. ‘Are any of the Watcher’s belongings in a location that is not this ship?’
YES appeared again. We sat at the table and considered what this meant; it was obvious the Khrisa had control.
‘I wonder if Agnes asked similar questions, I think she might.’ suggested Baraka.
‘She never mentioned that in her notes. I suppose she didn’t want to scare us. We can’t have been the only ones to come back. Most on this continent could make this journey.’
Baraka nodded.

I thought it unlikely I’d find more of my friend’s belongings in the museum. I continued working there, it might contain my past in these boxes. Even when we finished the check and listing, I stayed on. Now employed on exhibits, and whatever else needed doing for three days a week. I wrote a book every year, they were popular, and I had another two visualised. Baraka and I re-established our calm again and didn’t go to the ship. The family were grown; sometimes I saw my other children in them, a glance, a move and memories came flooding.

Life was good until my eldest, Paul joined the space agency known as SeaSky. I understood why, he wanted to move to Earth II, and perhaps settle there if he liked it. They’d found Earth II when I synced and had sent an unmanned probe there a hundred years ago. In the thirty years since I became the old and new Mark, they discovered a corridor enabling much faster space travel. Added to that, a clever system of propulsion opened the galaxy to us. Being a Science Fiction writer in more primitive times, I found it fascinating. Now they could journey to the new Earth in two years and they had located another suitable planet and were making plans to send ships to start a settlement. Paul loved my books, it was my fault he needed to trek the stars. In my first life, I dreamt of doing so too. I wondered where the Khrisa lived. I tried to stop thinking about them, but they featured in The Watchers and a sequel lurked in my mind waiting for its freedom.






Chapter 17


Felicity and I often visited the Obonyo family. Our wives were always patient as we disappeared to talk “Sci-Fi”. One thing Baraka and I missed was the Sci-Fi we remembered, it didn’t exist in this world, perhaps it wasn’t necessary here. We talked about the series and films we remembered from our past life and he suggested I re-write them. It was too late; they needed to have been around in our sixteenth century. Then we discussed Paul and his desires to travel through space and my fear he might stay on another Earth.

‘You can’t stop him Mark, nor should you try.’
‘I know it’s a hang-up from the old Mark Lunberg. It’s only a two or three-year voyage, we could journey one day. Felicity would love to go; she’s been talking about that trip around the Solar System for years.’
Baraka laughed, ‘As does Aisha, and yes we should travel together. What stopped us before is getting time off work at the same time. You and Aisha are volunteers, so it’s easier for you to ask for a few months off at a time. It’s harder for Felicity and I, but if we plan carefully, I am sure we can get a vacation together. Let’s suggest it and see the reaction. Are your credits up for it?’
I laughed; my books made me rich in this world, although in this age of conformity, no one noticed.

Felicity and Baraka coordinated the three months off required in less than a year. Our wives were unconcerned at the space holiday, while I was nervous and Baraka admitted to the same once I did.
‘Our ladies come from a different time,’ mused Baraka. ‘They’ve been mining the De Kuiper belt for over four hundred years, and my wife has been to the moon on a school trip.’
Baraka said the last bit so drolly, we both laughed.

We constantly discussed, Doctor Who, Star Gate, Star Trek, Serenity, Babylon 5 and all our old favourites, as we did as AI, and as we headed to the space station, in the spacebus, Baraka and I had to say something. Our wives were used to us talking about it, believing we made it up as part of my stories. We suggested it was in a book I’d planned awhile. As we neared our space ship, my fears evaporated. This orbital station was one of many around Earth, for the tourist’s vessels, others for mining and deep space exploration. As always my perfect Felicity and Aisha, let us behave like the children we were in this advanced world. The ship was a hotel.
‘Did you get to see Fifth Element?’ I whispered to Baraka, who shook his head. ‘It’s similar to this, I expect the first night there will be a blue soprano.’
‘My son Daudi did.’ He smiled at the memory of his boy, for without the original Daudi’s love for Sci-Fi we wouldn’t have our space fiction conversations.

We both appreciated most of the pictures from space were enriched to add brighter colour; I was interested to see how the universe looked on the monitor. The windows were incredible, similar to the ones in our early bubble. You observed the globes through human eyes, or an enhanced version, and zoom in to have a close look at the surface, comparable to the technology in the earth guardian sphere.
That wasn’t possible with Venus; imagine Edgar Rice Burroughs’s disappointment if he knew. Not so Mars, although they discussed restoring an atmosphere it was still the same world as our day, apart from several large cities. They’re safe from the worst of the sandstorms being built underground, and the indestructible domes on the exterior used as parks. These were out of bounds when a severe storm struck. Here two-hundred tourists were space-bussed to the metropolis for a few days.

We loved the trip, our wives of the present were aware of what to expect but we were enthralled as the twenty-first century part of our minds still dominated. Mars wasn’t our only call; we visited a city in the stars where we could gaze at Saturn from the same windows as within the ship.
‘I remember the books they don’t have in this time, Baraka. I really miss Shakespeare, but what I long for most is that early Sci-Fi. That’s why people consider mine different and it makes them popular.’
‘I don’t miss the poverty of my Africa or the wars over religion and belief. No one goes hungry; everyone has a home, an education, and hope for the future.’ Baraka said.
I nodded our original time was flawed. We’d spent many lifetimes to gain what existed now. And yet I, even more than my old friend, missed that world and the wonders its imperfect inhabitants created.






Chapter 18


My son Paul took to the stars, he opted to work on Earth III, not II. We paid him a visit when he said he was happy there, I both sad and pleased. He’d settled well, married and had three children. At present on the new Earth’s there was no limit to the number of offspring allowed. One day I’d have many descendants on Earth III. The planet was as lovely as our sphere, its sky pink, blue, and purple, and the clouds of white reflected the colours over the land. It was higher in oxygen, but not enough to cause humans problems. Its animals alien - I imagined Baraka enthusiasm to see the huge herds of this world’s version of wildebeest roaming the grasslands, spiked backs to keep off the smaller predators. No hunting permitted, these people were the best in our new world, and I hoped that would endure.

Our eldest daughter’s Clare’s two children were adults, but Casey, although with a partner, wasn’t interested in having a family. Life was perfect with my Felicity and our kin and friends. My sixty-third birthday came and this time I was alive. Baraka and I made more excuses and went back to Spain and the ship. At stressful times, my music soothed me, as it did here. The silence forced my mind to spiral out of control, for it needed noise to deflect my imagination. We sat, as usual, remembering our other family, the Watchers.

Until Baraka said to the screen, ‘Show us the dots.’
It surprised neither of us that the red grew in number. Not fast, but once established, in a few hundred years, they’d make subtle changes to the status quo. The slippery slope to the self, and not the many. The destruction we had worked so determinedly to avert may start again. History weighed hard on us, we were silent, was the existence in the ship to be ours again. We, the experts at stopping the growth of evil, would we come back again or perhaps others are called.

We came one more time. Baraka was a hundred and forty, still fit and healthy, he no longer enjoyed travel, but stayed at home and surveyed his animals prosper. I was one hundred and seven, and no longer volunteered at the museum. Felicity had given up working there too, even with the laws to procreation we had eight, grand, great-grand and great-great-grandchildren. More people choose not to have children, but if called upon it was their duty.
As always, we remained silent remembering our friends. Then Baraka asked how my new series of novels progressed. They were stories of our old Earth, a supposedly pretend planet, and I had just completed the final. The end was not a happy one. The Watchers might have brought me fame, but my stories of the history of our Earth as Baraka and I remembered it, gave me my place in this time. They were read and discussed them everywhere, and when I finished the last, I was on a list of desired reading for students.
‘Well, I have enough credits for us to take a private transfer to the next system.’ I joked.
Baraka laughed his deep throaty guffaw, a glorious sound. In the domineering silence of the ship, it shook away the ghosts who always lingered. Then the quiet defeated its phantoms, and we returned to an oppression we recognised. We looked at each other, now my turn to ask the screens a question. Again the red was up, it had started, the road to destruction.

My brother Baraka died, ten years after his wife Aisha. He didn’t want to live in her absence. We, as members of his family, mourned as hard as any of his genetic ones. I felt as if I’d lost part of myself, how could I manage without my friend? Those thirty or more years ahead of me - endless. I told short stories, most of the contents stolen from my first world. Did I wonder why in this very different place, full of similar but not the same music, my favourite piece still existed. When I cried for my friend, it soothed away the pain.

Felicity insisted we stop visiting the comforting Museum and looked outside more. It had become a habit. Each week we took a tube and visited gardens, our pleasant version of zoos, old buildings, or art galleries. It made life joyous again. But as with Baraka’s Aisha, she died before me. The next five years, I tried to retreat, even longed for death, but Casey, standing in for Felicity, wouldn’t let me go. It preoccupied my thoughts; is this the end, or might I come back again?






Chapter 19


I awoke to Massenet Meditation Thais in my room on the ship. The bathroom had disappeared I was the AI version. I put on my uniform hanging in the open cupboard and hoped I was not alone. As I stood up, I realised something was different, there were new shelves and joy my old books and DVD’s from my earlier Earth filled them.
‘Thank you,’ I said aloud to whoever listened.
I dressed and ran to the main area.

Agnes, Pawah and Kanshin waited for the rest. We clasped each other for long silent moments. Then we were joined by Aeschines and Adin, and in a short while, we were all together again. Now I didn’t have a human mind I discerned their feelings, heard their thoughts. We looked the same, except for Sister Mary, the change wasn’t obvious, more the way she held her head high and smiled confidently.

We started our quick assessment of the lives we’d led. Meryn, always our mother, told us her life was the same as the one before, and Adin agreed. Pawah said he was a priest again, but this time he didn’t need to travel to other lands for knowledge. Instead, he became a healer, and did more good that way and assuaged his conscience.
Aeschines and Adin both believed any difference in their lives wasn’t driven by change. Everyone in Greece lived as they had in their first existence. Henwas was jubilant; he thanked us for saving his family, because the Romans were more interested in trading than killing, and taking territory. They suffered hard days; he admitted that a few, the poorest, sold their own children into slavery. But there were more benefits than disadvantages and many learned to read and write, meaning their civilisation must have dawned earlier, as did many.
As always Kanshin said little. Survival was easier than before, but wandering tribes still robbed, and killed the population. He travelled extensively this time as opposed to the previous, believing one day he needed to report his findings. Jiva stayed in one place and saw little change.
Mary changed her lot completely; she explained she refused to be a nun. Her two grandmothers argued over her future more than her parents did, but her paternal grandmother influenced her father. This time she escaped her earlier fate, travelling home with her mother’s mother and living there. She married a neighbour who traded in wine. She had a good life and six surviving children with families of their own, and she was no longer Sister Mary but Jeanne Jugan.
I had to ask, ‘And the visions?’
‘I still had them,’ she said. ‘The same as before, but I thought nothing of it. I miss my family now but I missed you too.’
We agreed, we mourned for our lost loves but were glad to be back together.

Chayton was content too. ‘This time we had no aggressive invaders. Coastal areas were used for ports, and we got on with the traders.  We learned to farm from them, and the things we grew in surplus we sold to other parts of the world. So we prospered and became one people.’

Baraka and I took longer as we described the Earth we had left, so they appreciated what we achieved together.  The others were envious we had a friend to help us conquer our fears. Nearly all but Kanshin and Jiva said they found living alone arduous; having two minds in one was difficult to overcome.
We remained silent for a while as we remembered our past lives. Then Pawah said something has altered.
While we had been catching up, the room had changed. There were three separate sets of screens.

‘Pawah’s right, it altered while we talked,’ agreed Agnes.
‘The Khrisa,’ stated Baraka.
‘Did you find anything as to who they are?’ asked Aeschines.
‘No, but remember I found Henwas’ statue of the goddess within the casing. And more interesting is that other humans remembered a Mari and her snake son. I’m with Henwas’ interpretation of the Khrisa. We see a human-shaped person inside that creature with the shell.’ Everyone nodded. I think Khrisa is an advanced being. It’s not telling us everything.’
‘That appears to be the most logical action,’ agreed Aeschines, ‘and until we comprehend more, we should accept that explanation.’
‘We must ask the screens,’ said Agnes, who was itching to look at the current figures. ‘What is the time frame as we’d understand it.’ She asked the monitor.
It answered. It was the year four thousand and twenty-three, a long way into the future.

‘Show the dots,’ asked Baraka. The display lit up as before, but the estimates were different in each.
‘Show us this World.’ asked Agnes. Two sets of screens were blank, but on the third were our familiar maps. Red had grown in the two thousand years since Baraka and I had left. ‘Where else do the other screens show, or is it another time?’ Agnes mused wondering what was on the other displays.
I answered. ‘Show us the dots for Earth’s II and III.’ The windows lit up fast. On the new Earths, the red dots were far worse than on our world.

We saw three doors instead of one, each leading to an Earth. Pure Star Trek, I knew those Science Fiction stories I’d loved from a child would come in useful. I looked at Baraka.
‘Contagion, The Next Generation is the episode that comes to mind,’ he suggested.
‘I’ve got my old Sci-Fi series and films in my room and a few more classics and books by my favourite authors too, including Shakespeare. Anyone else with extra gifts?’ I asked.
‘I have formulae for advanced ways of travelling the universe written on boards.’ Admitted Agnes, ‘at least that’s what I believe they might be, but as yet I hadn’t had a moment to study them.’
‘I have various African artefacts I collected,’ said Baraka.
Everyone had a gift, things that meant a great deal from their last time on Earth.


So now we have three Earth’s to fix. We asked more questions of the screens.






Chapter 20


When I awoke it was to the sound of Massenet Meditation Thais.

I sensed Mark Lunberg was an upgraded AI. My previous basic understanding of the sciences could not equip me for the problems ahead. They’d added the knowledge I needed. We gathered in the main room, pleased we still used speech. Thankful too, we kept what made us human. I became emotional and grateful for that too. We silently took our usual seats.
As always, Agnes chaired the meeting.
‘You realise we are no longer on Earth,’ she started. ‘Mark, Baraka and I are familiar with the ideas we now have to confront. But the rest of you may sense the weight of adding to your knowledge so abruptly.’
‘It is not what I wanted but I must accept it,’ Kanshin nodded. ‘Ask the screens, I’m prepared.’

We became emotional as we watched the story. Earth was in disarray again, not from within but from Earth II and III immigrants. They brought back the unsafe genes we removed the first time. Genetics are never simple. The colonies were at war and using old Earth as a place to spread ideologies. The colony planets existed an extensive way apart. However, something had changed; Earth II had perfected what Science Fiction called a wormhole. They experimented with them for a long time, but we now knew you couldn’t succeed to make a large stable wormhole in our space. It had to be in the sub-layer between, in the parallel universe known as lamina. We waited in the way of Earth II’s battle fleet as they headed for our peace-loving home planet.

‘We have the weapons to destroy this fleet?’ It appalled Mary. ‘We can’t, and the Khrisa don’t ask us to do that.’
‘There is a way Jeanne,’ said Chayton. ‘If we destroy their wormhole it will throw them into normal space and we can then…’
‘Throw them even further away,’ suggested Agnes, ‘this ship is larger than the one on Earth, we are contained within another.’

Baraka sounded weary; we comprehended that this could be a harder battle than the former one. ‘This new upgrade means we must contain both Earth colonies and correct their DNA as we did on our first planet.’ It wasn’t a question but a fact. ‘Do you still have the books and DVD’s Mark?’
‘Yes, plus more Sci-Fi discs. Why?’
‘I think everyone needs to watch them,’ he replied, the weariness taken from his face with his sudden infectious smile. ‘And we need to talk with the Khrisa.’






Chapter 21


We materialised in a large room commanding a view into space. Here we found strange looking creatures with almost reptilian, alien faces, and a few beautiful human-like people. A lovely woman smiled and greeted us kindly.
‘We are your Khrisa. Everything you surmise is correct; we created the human race and then conveniently forgot to rectify your early development.  We have requested much of you to go back to another era and do what we could not. I must ask you again, but this time when you are having difficulties, we will directly aid you. There are many Earths, like yours, most in disarray. You are our first experiment and you succeeded. Thank you.’
‘Who are you?’ Baraka asked, his eyes wary.
‘Call me Doella. Perhaps we should go back to your home ship.’

Doella noticed the screens, the red was increasing which was disheartening, but someone had added another colour, green.
The AI’s gathered, staring at Doella.
‘It’s a long story, I’ll share the background, and it will be quicker than mouth to mouth so to speak.’ It took mere seconds. ‘Why don’t we sit.’

‘Why didn’t you tell us about the base, with the others like you?’ asked Aeschines.
‘We wanted you independent with no input from us, besides those anthropologists, are not part of this present experiment. May I view the stats through the ages?’
The original Earth screens lit up and displayed the headway made.
‘As you can see,’ Agnes said when it finished. ‘The sterilisations of those who showed negative traits had very good results early, but as the social order altered even those with positive genes became red. We finally make progress and overcame it. It was hard work, and the figures changed constantly until we got to 1500 when it stabilised, until the other Earths started interacting as space travel times improved.’

‘We didn’t agree in the early days,’ added Aeschines, ‘we considered, pulling out the weeds physically; but that meant eliminating live people. Alternatively, keep on with our original premise and go on finding more proof that the human genome is affected by outside influences. We went through various scenarios, but we can’t kill large amounts of red without taking a blue. And killing the worst individuals, one by one doesn’t help as there are replacements waiting.’

‘And you are still human, kind and compassionate. And the greens added recently are telepaths or empaths, including many descendants of Meryn and Adin,’ noted Doella.
‘I wondered if we had improved in other ways,’ said Meryn pleased at what she saw. ‘I didn’t ask for this; the machine heard my question and added the other dots, for you to see.’
Doella felt guilt, the Varan destroyed those humans with these gifts early on, using the same methods, sterilisation, it generally worked, but a few always resurfaced. The screens changed so much throughout the ages from the first interference after the last Ice Age.

‘We saved the world, until the colony Earths,’ I added, ‘the Industrial Age was shorter than originally so the climate remained moderate and unchanged.’
‘But you interfered, to make sure.’ suggested Doella.
‘Yes, we agreed on that,’ admitted Baraka. ‘We planted ideas early and blocked those who wanted to walk the same path as I remember. Mark and I thought if we took away industries, those adding to climate change it would help the blue. But the greedy power-seekers were distracted by something else; the usual desire for money and power prevalent in my first time. In our last life, it was very different; each country was equal, as was every person. We received credits, which were call money on the first Earth. But there wasn’t much difference between the amounts paid for different jobs. I’d once consider Mark rich because of his best-selling books, but he didn’t live in a mansion or want useless expensive objects. He gave most of it away long before he died. Now far from where we last existed, we find red is rising again and too quickly.  Because of the influence of Earths II and III, who are more like the original globe we came from.’

Doella nodded. ‘You have a great deal of work in front of you. Fix up three Earths and start a new one too, so we can see if letting the green dots develop means we won’t need to intervene on the other planets. My race always got rid of those humans with higher functioning brains in our experiments, by that I mean your green dots, and perhaps that was our constant mistake. We had a long road ourselves, lost in history, and at present, there are aberrances to what we consider normal, rogues we call them, but they are rare now. The changes you made to the human genetic data are excellent. The Varan came back from destruction many times, but we have our history for only one of those. However, we have the science to show us we have lived much longer; our planet too has a different genome. We did not originate there.’ She paused. ‘I have to report it has been a success, but I insist you let me know if you want to keep going? Once the present danger is averted, I can find you an early planet, what we call a proto-Earth, one we have not started building humans on yet.’
‘Surely you must have earth-formed it originally?’ I was puzzled.
‘No, this fact is either ignored, or explained that we did this in one of our earlier phases.’
‘And the truth?’ I asked.

‘Someone else did it,’ Doella didn’t elaborate, ‘and we were created as we built humans, which is why you mustn’t give up hope for your race.’
‘How many of your Earth’s have survived,’ asked Jiva.
‘We’ve created twenty-six thousand and only six will make it to their next phase. Most fall apart early, long before this, usually by famine, war, under or overpopulation or climate change. And if they get this far, they rarely go any further but regress. If the community gets too big, we tend to give up, but not this Earth, we came to try again and let its inhabitants make the choices.’
‘I don’t understand how a race like yours who could time travel couldn’t do more.  If you can fix humans by just going back in time, why didn’t you do it?’ Mark could see the scenarios as he had tried most of them in his books.
‘We had early experiments going back and forward in time, but they caused ripples in our period. We are forbidden from trying again. I, however, am something other than just Varan. But that’s a long story for another time.’

A higher being, this beautiful alien said her people had created our race, and on my world would be known as gods, and no doubt worshipped. My mind was going over the crazy ideas about ancient gods and visiting aliens we didn’t find.
‘And this experiment will be reproduced elsewhere, but what if we fail?’ Agnes asked, unperturbed by whom she addressed.
‘Much gratitude to you, Agnes, for leading the group, and yes the analysis will be used again, you might assist us with that. We cannot interfere, more strict rules, no doubt due to another failure, so never to be tried again. This way what you do isn’t strictly our choice; you help yourselves. I just supply the means and those who know will never tell. Do you realise you only took a day here and now to do everything?’

Our updated minds understood the concept; it was something even a Sci-Fi writer couldn’t explain. Emotion overcame me again, and I sensed we felt relieved to be acquainted with who guided our mission and why, and that we weren’t alone. If they have wiped our doubts as to their good or evil intentions, it no longer mattered. They desired our race to survive and become greater than our earlier creators desired. And they wanted us to show them how to make it succeed.

We wait in what the Earth’s call a wormhole for the Earth II fleet determined on war. We will cast them into an unknown lamina and work to save their souls, by finding them another planet to settle. Their success depends on our ability to deliver them from themselves as we did on our planet. We must succeed, no matter how many times we endure the long ages. We have to rescue our people too, and we have more of our kind on the way to help us. This Black Ship is our home and guide.

The Watchers will grow their numbers and act for the survival of our race on multiple versions of Earth until our kind no longer exists in physical form. Their voices echoing in the vast space - never forgotten. We the first Watchers will never give up on them, for inside our artificial bodies we still carry our humanity.






Epilogue


‘Bring everyone to Varos, The Watchers have finished their experiment, and we have the results.’ Doella was on her Black Ship with Sarilla and Gote. ‘We broke Varan rules and have two extra Earths we didn’t expect, now in crisis. Our ancestors were right to be cautious. We need other Watchers, but we can leave the choice to the Black Ships, as their first selections were excellent.’
‘So it failed?’ asked Sarilla.
‘They achieved a better future than before, but the red dots are multiplying again. Unlike us, they kept psychics, and in time, they might help change everything. But after many millennia of hard work, they are only marginally superior. The increasing negative dots is not The Watcher’s fault, but because of two new Earth colonies without monitoring.’
‘The two offshoots are unexpected,’ said Gote, looking at Sarilla.

‘It’s possible Lansdow will give up on stabilising humans.’ Sarilla looked troubled. ‘I don’t believe after this we’ll be doing more earth-forming. If it wasn’t for giving the children more to do than just farming, it would’ve finished generations ago. Many in the council say it’s not worth the effort. Gote and I’ve been discussing creating humans slowly without our genes; he says we are the real problem. Was he joking?’
‘No, we’ve seen old Karish annals.  There are gaps in our records too, and it’s convenient our history paints us the way we are now. We are still far from perfect.’
‘My husband might wish to look at your take on our past,’ Sarilla smiled, she understood more than the complacent Varan population.

‘The Dragon's solution on Pancen is not permanent either,’ suggested Doella, the others nodded in agreement. ‘And what will you do with your young scientists without the choice of more earth forming. I can’t see many content with making wine all their lives. Let’s hope Lansdow won’t stop it.’
‘I’m sure you can persuade him Doella, and if it’s impossible, then we save the planets. They are a precious commodity and take longer to create, we can concentrate on studying, the flora and fauna instead,’ suggested Gote. ‘Not as exciting work as humans though, Sarilla will you back the idea we keep trying?’
‘Yes Doella.’
‘I haven’t given up hope; we still have The Watchers. The Black Ships are looking for more helpers; we will build an army of wise humans, and throw the net ever wider.  I’d better open dialogue with my Dragonkin. Then we decide who remembers and who doesn’t. We won’t tinker with your Karish, Gote, they are used to hiding operations and keeping secrets.’
Gote nodded. ‘What shall we do with your team Sarilla?’
‘We change their memories, Lansdow isn’t popular with everyone.’
‘Wylane will help with that, he loves changing Varan minds. Then we are not involved and nothing documented to harm Lansdow’s reputation. I’d prefer not to change Alece, so she needs to stay away from the Techs, as her mind isn’t secure. First, I’d better meet with my ancient, new family.’

It was still disturbing that there were more Black Ships. Kaela, the Cael’s first daughter waited for her with her brother’s, Cayler and Vistra. They were in convincing hominid forms.
‘Wylar was your brother?’
‘And father too,’ Kaela said, as they sat in the chairs the ships provided.
As always, Doella admitted and then refused the memories. They realised it wasn’t an occasion for the truth, not until the Cael must leave this time for Doella to complete.

‘What are you doing here?’
‘Introducing new ideas, we aspire to help your people save those out-of-control Varan Earths, for you Mother of All, your greatest wish.’
‘By killing half the population as you did to the Cles on Pancen?’ Doella controlled her temper.
‘It worked at first, but then those unrequired genes reasserted into the genome. In a few generations, the case for intervention will come back. Another reason we wish to change the method. We wish to try other ways, and as the Varan, our favourite children need help, isn’t it logical we try together?’
‘Why, what is this to do with you, except you enjoy eating hominids.’
‘You are our off-spring, we made you. We had to succeed with the Varan because there has to be a Doella.’
Doella accepted this and refused the thoughts for another time. ‘I decline this.’
‘Spoken like a true dragon,’ said Vistra, with a smile reminiscent of Wylane and his father Wylar.
‘You won’t always refuse what isn’t convenient to recall, one day you will accept your Dragon memories  and take on board more, as you do every time.’ Kaela whispered.

‘Enough!’ Doella didn’t want to remember, and buried it in her Dragon mind, one with the Universe. ‘Please,’ she added in a more conciliatory tone. ‘First, tell me more of the second Black Ship; and what of the small one contained in mine, will that grow?’
‘Perhaps,’ Calyer broke his silence, ‘we are not aware of more. We’ve no need for the knowledge at present. This galaxy is our current home; the old places where we birthed are dying, as they must.’
‘But there are Dragons in other star systems throughout the Universe.’ Doella stated.
‘The Cael had many off-spring as did her sons and daughters. The truth is we do not need to feed on the biological.  As you comprehend the cosmos feeds us, as it nourishes you, as it stores our memories.’ Then Calyer added, ‘for we are what drives this Universe, we are its memory taken from one to the next. We make organic forms flower, we made the Feye, the Rosarians and every other race you will meet in your long life as Doella. Our child races sense an overwhelming desire to create too, not just their own children but others similar. But as you have noticed they are never good enough to challenge their inventors as if we engineer their failure too.’

Doella appreciated this was the truth and had always despised her Varan race for their disregard of the Earth creatures she loved. However, she knew this inherited trait was from the first creators, the Dragons who sat beside her.
‘How can we save them? The hard effort those selfless AI do to prevent the worst of humans existing, and so encourage the best to survive, isn’t working.’
‘Perhaps the AI, and the new Black Ship birthed from ours for their use, will succeed.’ Calyer exhibited sadness, which surprised Doella as did the birth of another Black Ship brought into life as if organic, but in the usual dragon way she pushed the thought aside for another time.

‘What of Varan?’ Doella asked.
‘What of Varan?’ Vistra repeated.
‘Who are we, and why is our chronology incomplete? Who made the Rosarians, the Litsa, and the Feye. How did the Feye find their way into the energies of the Universe, and need no organic form?’
‘It’s a long history, and you have the memories, but if you don’t wish to explore them, then I will give you a synopsis.’ Kaela was very businesslike.  ‘At the time of the Feye, there were similar races, but only the Feye survived evolution, and became the master race. Not all higher forms are hominid. In other galaxies sentient life is very different; many are more successful than the Varan. Few want to create creatures similar to themselves. Our Black Ship controls the borders of this galaxy to keep you safe, as yours warns you of problems.’
‘Why were the wild Dragons so hostile?’
‘Doella, not every Dragon recalls its duty to you. Many prefer organic nourishment to the physical energies that feed us just as well. It must be a deep memory of older universes as if once that was our only food before we evolved into sentience. The taste of flesh still distracts.’ Doella shivered. ‘We disagreed, fought, and they lost, and the survivors went their own way.’
‘Wylar, the first son too?’
‘No, to play his part he had to pretend to join the Wild Ones, he understood his destiny from The First Time.’
‘He is one with the Universe, as are the Feye.’
‘Yes, absent to this reality, but still able to communicate.’

Doella gave a sigh of relief, ‘When he came to help me I thought I was mad, and imagined everything. Tell me more about my race. We have few details for the last three hundred million years, and most of that is sketchy.’
‘We will work from there, if I may?’ asked Kaela. Doella nodded. ‘Three hundred million years ago you were called the Kyran, and speaking a very different language. There was a war; a few had higher functioning minds and could mind-speak. Those who didn’t mistrusted and hated the Higher Ones, as they called themselves, so for their own safety the Higher Ones took over the government. The normal Kyran were angry. They, the majority, wanted rid of you. These early Varan lived in a solar system with three inhabited liveable planets and could take your space technology further. The conflict started. Those with no psychic abilities outnumbered you, but you fought hard.’

The images in Doella’s mind were horrific. She saw Dragons flying in to stop the battle in space, burning the spaceships of the majority. Then descending to the planets and one by one destroying the normal-minded and eating most of them. There were thousands of them devastating the worlds.
‘The rest of the unexceptional survivors died out over a thousand years.’
Doella had seen many terrible things, but the images from Kaela’s powers of recall were far beyond what she had experienced.
‘There is no history of this. Why not?’ With difficulty, she kept her control.
‘We had to save the minority with higher powers so you would be born. Your ancestors left your original home, and the horror that scarred it forever, for another planetary system. What happened before that was purged from the record.’
‘By you?’
‘No. You wanted to forget and start again. You tried five times in that first twenty thousand years, but a serious civil war always tore you apart. The status quo held every time, and the losers were cruelly punished. Not by Dragon fire this time, but their own people. The records from those early days are written by those who won, so they are false and show only what they want to remember. It took another fifty thousand years, and an asteroid hitting the planet called Sarlan before you moved to Varan and became the race you are now.’

‘And before us, who are our creators?’
‘The Rosarians created you, but they had several failed endeavours before the survivors on Sarlan showed promise. You know of the attempts to make a hybrid able to fight the Dragons who flew this galaxy, and beyond this star system.’
‘The Draminods.’ Doella lived with the pain of their destruction.
‘One of many, they assembled the original Cles too. But we created modern Pancens when we saw what intervention could do, but they are failing again too.’
‘I remember them, from a planet I knew; they left behind technology and their houses still stood, but they failed because they grew too fond of pleasures, even to reproduce.’
‘A people too lazy to recall what they had once created, they were doomed to fail. Descendants spread wide but never made a great impact, often becoming part of a hybrid race and surviving in pockets,’ explained Calyer.
‘Is that why you want to save Pancen?’
‘They had promise and still do. We’d prefer to eat those imprisoned million, even if it isn’t necessary. Everything is built from chaos, we are, and you too.’

Doella nodded, ‘How did the Feye survive?’
‘From beginning to end their progress was faultless,’ said Vistra smugly, ‘our perfect race.’
‘Your race?’
‘They are a part of us,’ explained Kaela. ‘We had failures, just as you do, the ones who made the Litza for example. We created the Scal, who formed the Litza and mated with them changing into the Litza themselves. After many long ages, the Litza are finally becoming one with The Universe, shrugging off reality as a painful place. Soon they will disappear too, finding freedom without form, leaving their pastime of the spawning of others, to make their own way instead.’
‘But their creations were defective.’
‘Not all. Is that enough, others will cross your path too, and as they do the memories you carry, or keep elsewhere help you remember them.’

Doella felt that urgent need to rest as she always did after a large amount of information. However, she still didn’t know where the Black Ship’s originated, so she fought against it but sleep came. Her Black Ship put her to rest.

When she woke, Wylane was sitting beside the bed.
‘You shared my dreams?’
‘Very interesting.’
‘You recognised what they said?’
‘Yes, so did you, but in your Varan form, you insist on pretending you do not.’
‘I have to, if I perceived the future, I’d…’
‘What?’
‘Become corrupt I suppose. The futures are fluid, and I must take the right one or everything will change, and we can’t let that happen. What other problems will that cause, is the other Black Ship still here?’
‘Yes, our relatives want to make friends with Alece.’
‘That will be difficult; they are the stuff of nightmares for a Pancen. They might eat those Cles in prison for their imperfections if you don’t prevent it. What’s happening in the Varos base Wylane?’
‘Most of the Varan Techs are on their way home, seeing their experiment as a failure. The few who agree with breaking the rules, Sarilla, Gote, the Astrans and the Karish are still here. Gote wants to interact with the AI and work together.’
‘Good, I’ve enough to do and he knows when I’m needed.’
‘You have recovered fast.’
‘I knew most of the upload, and hate to admit to becoming immune to horror. I must be careful Wylane.’
‘Send for Sark and Dolar.’
‘Yes, the ship will visit Astras.’

‘We’re up to date with your progress, although I’m shocked at the deviation from the usual rules,’ said Carnos. He’d insisted on coming too, he and Sark happy to meet old friends, Gote, Sarilla, and the Karish they’d worked beside.
Carnos looked at the screens, ‘It looks similar to our Earth planet. North and South America joined by an isthmus helped early migration.’
‘Look at their version of a Britain; it’s not connected to Europe by the isthmus.’ Doella traced her hand over the 3D map of this world, as she noted the differences to their own Earth. ‘They still have most of the languages we introduced. A London too,’ she pointed, ‘language similar, accent different, a perfect class four, with few flaws to the accepted model. And the usual problems we could not fix.’
‘This is perilous, Doella,’ Sark turned to Sarilla. ‘Counsellor you must have given permission.’

‘It started with a call to the only surviving Cles world with Gote. He was awestruck at what happened there. The Black Ship first suggested the idea, but now I am not so sure it’s that straightforward. Because, as we are about to start the experiment, we get a visit from ancient Dragons who aren’t feral, but still very Dragon. More disturbing is a Black Ship that isn’t the same familiar friend we know, and to add to that a baby Black Ship. What could go wrong Sark ‒ everything, And to make matters worse, we are breaking the most important rule Varan has ever decreed, time travel.’ Sarilla wasn’t being frivolous, but trying to explain what was happening was not what she and Lansdow expected when they first agreed to this.

Sark turned to Doella. ‘Memories took from dying hominids at various eras throughout history and used as AI is terrifying enough. Then those AI given artificial bodies to roam ancient settlements, and deciding which humans may breed. Hoping those extra survivor genes the Varan implanted, two million years ago, won’t stop development. Are the higher brain functions going to survive on this planet I wonder?’
‘I’m terrified we’ve made things worse. Only six Earths have survived so far, and too many destroyed, and not just once, hopefully, the new green dots help us save more.’  Doella didn’t mention her Varan history lesson from the First Ones, that was for another time, but they sensed what they had discussed, if not in detail.
Sarilla knew too, and that her husband would transcribe it.

‘How do you feel about your true ancestors, after meeting the first Dragons?’ asked Sark.
Sarilla answered, ‘Unhappy, we didn’t expect such a violent past. We first aimed to recreate a possible early Varan planet as we imagined them, a simple experiment because we had no documented history before we populated our present planet. In our superiority, we imagined we were perfect. We took our DNA and grafted it onto primitive hominid forms, making what we imagined was an earlier version of us. We didn’t want them to become greater than we, so we added safeguards, such as no higher functioning brains. That stopped progress before they became too dangerous to become a threat to us. How ironic after what we’ve now found out.  What we needed was to ask Doella’s Dragons our history, but Doella is reluctant to know her truth, and I agree with her decision. We were lucky to survive, and we did because of our superior functioning minds, helped through good technology. And yet here, and every other Earth, we weeded out those showing signs of minds able to communicate directly.’

Doella sent the whole story to them, including what they attempted on this Earth.
Carnos looked both shocked and intrigued. ‘It’s bad enough knowing our true past, but moving the parameters without discussing it with the council is perilous for Lansdow and those who are involved here.’
‘Many of those original AI have psychic powers to a varying degree, especially the women Meryn and Jeanne.’ suggested Sark, never surprised at Varan’s secrets. ‘So the new intention is not to hinder but promote this, and if it succeeds next time, will you try this again Sarilla?’
‘My only suggestion is we leave it in Doella’s hands, not Varan. Wylane had to tamper with our Tech’s minds so they forgot; their minds are too set to try something different. Some agreed to stay, but agreed we might take their thoughts before going back to Varan. This has to be my last off-world assignment.  I haven’t acted as a true Councillor allowing this, but I saw no other choice. Lansdow is the best First Councillor we’ve had, and we can’t make this failure a way for his enemies to get rid of him.’
‘Our old friend Sarilla has become a Karish,’ suggested Gote. ‘The Karish are not responsible for this, the Black Ships are. How many of them roam the Universe?’
‘Doella?’ Carnos realised more was going on than just another Earth manipulation.
‘Carnos, I appreciate what this might mean too,’ Doella answered. ‘The First Ones don’t know how many Black Ships’ exist. I suggest they are a race too, if they reproduce another by combining. Let’s finish up here and go back to our ship, stare at the other one and discuss this with Dolar and Wylane. Gote we should include Flasia. Alece and Camiran are starting a friendship; ask him to look after her while we talk.’

As the ship pulled together chairs and tables, Doella gave everyone the exact memories of her meetings with the AI and the First Dragons. Wine and refreshments appeared as they considered the information they had received.
Flasia was a Karish commander, and not easily shocked, but the new Varan history was an unwelcome revelation. ‘I’m half relieved to find out who we are, but I’m also appalled by it. Dolar, Wylane, I understand you well, and I faced the Wild Ones when they attacked Varan. But these First Dragons confuse my perception of you, as I understood it. As for the Dragon intervention on Pancen, I heard it from Sarilla and Gote, a while ago. But then I discover we are related to the Cles, I thought they were human, made by earlier Varan, not a sister race.’
‘Wylane?’ Doella asked for his response.

‘I always knew, but we Dragons only use the memories we must, and now I need these. My father was not who we believed, but a spy for the First Ones, and I didn’t understand I belonged to the first line. I thought the Wild Ones showed our real characters, but I was wrong. This mind I received is that of a First One. To eat flesh is pleasurable, and yet I am aware my sustenance is from the energies of the many laminae, known and unknown. As a species, we rarely search for our histories, unlike races similar to the Varan, and so it’s ironic you covered up what you saw as your shame.’
‘It’s being one with everything, without words or understanding to express it.’ Dolar explained. ‘When we need to experience our consciousness, we focus on that only.’
Doella nodded. ‘I have those memories too and don’t search for them until required. My hominid friends press me for more but I must not. Too much knowledge could destroy not just me, but everything.’
Flasia agreed. ‘Knowing what we were has tainted my idea of the present. Dragon wisdom is to be envied. One mystery I long to solve is why do we now find another Black Ship and perhaps more?’
Each kept their swirling memories to themselves, as their Black Ship supplied them with food and drink.

As if their Black Ship understood their need for quiet reflection, it turned the viewing window from its like to the Earth. But that beauteous blue ball below didn’t give peace as they searched for the changes wrought by the AI. The most obvious change was the colour of the land. Those forests destroyed and never replaced, now stood out as a vast green stretch of vegetation. Rivers looked wider without human tampering; lakes once dried up shimmered. Something positive happened in the meddling; those swathes of green held species long extinct on the old planet.

As usual, Doella forgot the current problems in the arms of her lovers. With Carnos, she was what remained of a Varan woman. Sark was her conscience and the breaking away from her race’s ideas. And Wylane, Dragon son and husband, was as far from a Varan as she could get. She was a Dragon engineered as a new creature. What could she do that the First Ones could not? Perhaps she was their conscience.

She found Wylane staring out of the window to the other ship and stood next to him.
‘Will we succeed? I blame my race for the failed Earths and forget we were once the same, we ended up, if not perfect, not as terrible as we could be. I am to be the First Dragon, the Cael, next time the Universe starts its never-ending journey of destruction and rebirth. And yet I must put that knowledge aside or it might change me, help keep my mind quiet my dear Wylane.’
He nodded. ‘Varos base works again. The unsafe Techs have left for Varan with false memories. And the AI are planning to fix the three planets, determined not to fail again. The third Black Ship created from the others is now their home, although they’ve no idea it’s a living being. Karish and safe Techs will see what the AI do, but have no contribution. Varan still wants no current ability to time travel, unless they use the inevitable changes the laminae cause. This Earth and its colonies will succeed, but I suggest the Varan and the AI work together.’
‘I agree Wylane. We’ve proved it’s possible. When we succeed with these three related Earths, Lansdow and the Karish can put forward a case to The Counsel. There they will explain the methods our Watchers came up with, and blame the Black Ships for the enablement, so no Varan can take the blame. Varan prefers not to search for the truth when it suits them. One day I will make sure they accept their true history.’
‘Once underway, you can settle to other matters. Why did Sarilla and Gote bring Alece here?’
‘They want the Pancens to try again too, but without another terrifying intrusion, using the same methods, it’s as if the Dragons care for them.  The corrupt numbers are small enough to manage in real-time and we learned a great deal from the Watchers. As can the Varan, when the Earth’s are suitable for intervention. At first, Sarilla and Gote didn’t perceive the Dragon’s wished Alece to join us to learn how the Watchers succeeded, and how they might use the same methods. Without searching my deep memories, my Varan soul believes this time we will succeed, and save the creatures, we once cast aside. Now we leave the hard work to the ever-growing Watchers. First, free their own world and its colonies, and when completed, their Black Ship will take them onto wherever they are needed most, their numbers growing as necessary, perhaps the Black Ships too. The Watchers are the best of humans, and perhaps they can save the Cles too.’

