The Soul Ripper (Twisted Souls #1)

By Cege Smith 

Copyright 2011 Cege Smith
Smashwords Edition

Visit Cege's website and blog at http://www.cegesmith.com


Ebook Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to the retailer of your choice and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


There was Before and then there was Now. Do not grieve the loss of Before. It was a wicked time when people turned away from the Light, and for their sins they were punished. Rejoice in the Light and Rejoice in the Now for it is your salvation.—A History of the Territory of Malm, Authorized Version
BISHOP

It was a memory that would haunt him forever. When he was a younger man, Bishop would sit near the fountain and stare into its crystal-clear waters trying to discover its secrets. The fountain was an elaborate three-tiered masterpiece designed from plans found in a book that had survived from Before. It loomed over its small circular courtyard. From the top, water sprouted out of a small tube and then cascaded down the tiers to join the water that rested in the shallow pool at the base of the massive sculpture.
It was the ripples that fascinated him; the way they would crest and move from side to side. When souls were present in the fountain, it looked like they danced and frolicked just under the surface. Bishop couldn't actually see them, no matter how hard he tried. The souls remained invisible to him. The Residents of Malm believed it was a magical thing given to them by the Creator. Bishop wasn't so sure.
That night was the eve of a Soul Distribution Day, and so the fountain was inhabited by several souls who had been Called from wherever they were kept when they weren't in the fountain. Bishop had sneaked out to the fountain to watch the souls at play. After watching for what seemed liked several hours, Bishop had been gripped by an irrational desire to jump into the fountain to play with them. 
If he joined them, he wouldn't have to be alone any longer. It was like they knew that he felt like an outsider; not being able to recall his parents or childhood. The only thing he knew was the garden. They told him that the only thing he had to do was crawl into the shimmering water and float with them and he would never be alone again. He could hear them whispering to him. They wanted to play. They wanted to share their secrets with him. They wanted him to be one of them.
His foot had just brushed the surface of the water when Bishop heard yelling behind him. Suddenly, two acolytes were at his side, dragging him back from the fountain's edge. 
Years later, Bishop could recall the sinking feeling of despair as he fell backwards, as if in slow motion. The three of them landed in a heap several feet away from the fountain's base. His voice, howling in frustration and rage, penetrated his ears. He struggled against the acolytes; he wanted to be with the souls in fountain. He wanted to play. He wanted to be free. 
And that's when he saw it. 
The water surged up from the surface of the pool and formed a vaguely human shape. Bishop stopped struggling and watched with his mouth agape as the figure grew even taller. Then it stretched towards them. One of the acolytes screamed and untangled himself from Bishop. He was on his feet in seconds. The figure loomed above them and the standing acolyte turned and ran. With fountain's spell all but gone, Bishop was paralyzed. He shrunk back as a thin tendril broke off from the main body and stretched out to hover inches away from his face.
It wasn't playfulness Bishop heard from the voices hiding in the water then. The voices were angry. They wanted something, something that Bishop had been on the cusp of giving them; something that was being taken away. 
The acolyte next to him whispered words fervently and swiped a symbol in the air. Just when Bishop thought the tendril was going to wrap itself around him and pull him back in, it slapped at the acolyte and then flipped high in the air. Then the whole figure slipped back into the fountain and water sloshed over the fountain's edge as it disappeared back into the water's depths.
Bishop still felt a seething energy wafting from the water. Whatever spell the acolyte cast had saved them. He slowly got to his feet and looked at the man who rose with him.
The acolyte was barely more than a boy, but his sandy brown hair and intense green eyes were familiar. Then Bishop realized that it was Samuel, a perimeter boy who was being groomed within the Office of Souls to take on the role of Lead Acolyte to the Head Master. That also meant there was no shoving under the rug what had just happened. He was in trouble.
The Head Master's punishment had been a week confined to his room. Bishop had been grateful that the punishment hadn't been losing his own soul. But on his pillow the morning after the incident, he found an ominous message waiting for him. You are to tend to the garden, Bishop. The Office of Souls tends to the fountain. Keep your distance.
And so Bishop did, for many years. But he never forgot that menacing, hungry tendril of water that had hovered right in front of his face. He still sometimes woke up in the middle of the night drenched in a cold sweat after dreaming about it. He ignored the voices that sometimes scampered on the edge of his consciousness as he pruned the shrubs that bordered the fountain's courtyard. He tried to forget.
Then came Soul Implantation Day 3675, the day that all hell broke loose.
MALCOM

Malcom and Eve woke up early the morning of Soul Implantation Day 3675. They didn't get up right away, but instead laid in bed whispering and grinning at each other like fools.
"I can hardly believe that today is the day," Malcom said, reaching over to caress his wife's cheek. Every time he looked at her he felt like the luckiest guy in the world. He truly felt like he had it all. He had a good job, a comfortable home, and a gorgeous wife. Plus, Eve was as smart as she was beautiful, and when he looked at little Cameron, he thought that he could see Eve in the shape of his daughter's face as well as her nose and chin. He hoped as Cameron got older that she took after Eve instead of him. He didn't think he could love two people more.
"Today is the real start of our family," Eve agreed in a low voice. "It'll all be worth it after today, right?"
Malcom knew she was worried. He was worried too, but he wasn't going to tell her that. Today they were taking Cameron to the Soul Garden for her soul implant, and when they came home they would have the baby they always wanted.
"Everything is going to be great," he said, stroking her cheek again. "Cameron is going to be the smartest, brightest, warmest little girl this world has ever seen."
Eve smiled and giggled. It was music to Malcom's ears. Then they heard the baby's cry. Eve's face fell. "I didn't mean to wake her. It's a big day for her. I was hoping she'd sleep longer," she said with a pained expression.
Although she had tried to couch it, Malcom knew his wife's words were less about concern for their daughter and more about minimizing the amount of time that Eve actually had to spend with her. Caring for Cameron, in Cameron's current state, had been difficult for Eve. Malcom was able to go off to work every day, and often his work required long hours and frequent travel out to other territorial cities. Since both of their parents were dead, Eve had been left alone to care for their daughter. 
"It's okay," he reassured his wife. "Deep down, I bet she understands what's going to happen today, and she's probably just as excited as we are. Tell you what. How about you whip us up some breakfast, and I'll get Cameron ready?"
Eve reached over and gave him a tight squeeze. As she pulled away, he could see grateful tears in her eyes. "Thank you. I love you," she said.
"I love you too. You and Cameron are my girls," he said as he gave her a peck on the forehead.
Eve nodded and then rolled over. She got out of bed and went into the bathroom.
Malcom swung his leg over the edge of the bed and sighed. Cameron was fussing in her bassinet in the corner. Malcom walked over to the edge and gamely put a smile on his face. He knew that doing this would help even his tone of voice. "How are you this morning, Cameron?"
Every infant born in Malm was born soulless. Eve had been inconsolable for weeks after Cameron was born, because had they naively believed that as soon as Cameron had been born they would be able to get her soul implanted right away. It was only then the Office of Souls advised them that there was a waiting list for souls. They also learned that for Cameron's safety as well as other Residents’, they were required to keep her sequestered at home until her soul implantation. No one had told them what it would be like to care for a soulless baby. It had taken six months for the name Cameron Lowden to be called over the public soul announcements as a Chosen. 
Malcom wondered whether he would be as reluctant to be around Cameron as his wife if he had been the one to stay home with her. He looked down into the bassinet at Cameron's small face. As usual for a soulless one, her skin was a dark mottled grey and her hair was a dingy brown that looked dull and filthy no matter how many times they washed it. Over time, he had adjusted to seeing her sickly pallor day after day, but it was her eyes that still made his stomach do tiny flip-flops every time he looked into them. Her honey brown irises were perfectly matched to his own, but hers were rimmed in red. 
There was also the matter of temperament. Soulless ones just didn't act the way that everyone else acted, and there wasn't a guidebook to follow that told them what Cameron needed. She never smiled. She rarely made noise. The only thing that Malcom ever knew for sure when interacting with his daughter was when she was hungry—the most basic survival instinct. Otherwise, he wasn't sure if Cameron had any feelings at all. 
He thought it was luck when he and Eve had even been selected in the procreation lottery. They had submitted their names on a whim after drinking too much wine on their fifth anniversary. Only one hundred couples in the territory of Malm were selected every year to procreate, and it was made out to be a big honor. Children were a rarity in Malm.
Malcom had found the whole process to be invasive; there was nothing natural about it. But the procreation rules were a necessary precaution to regulate the population because souls were in short supply. The Office of Souls said it wouldn't be safe for the Residents if there was an overflow of soulless.
While the procreation process had been clinical and callous, Malcom and Eve had been treated like royalty by their friends. Malcom knew many of their close friends were envious, at least until the day that Cameron had actually arrived. And then there had been a noticeable drop-off in the number house visits and phone calls, until they had stopped altogether. It seemed no one knew how to behave around a soulless baby, including her parents.
But all of that changed today. "Today is the day you are going to get a soul, Cameron," Malcom cooed as he picked her up. She weighed next to nothing. Next to his bare skin she felt like an ice cube because soulless children didn't generate any warmth—another detail that was missing in the Official Handbook of Procreation Procedure. Cameron squalled and then opened her big red-rimmed eyes wide at him, and her mouth made small sucking noises. She was hungry.
Malcom rocked her as he walked to the kitchen. He quickly warmed a bottle and Cameron latched on it as if she hadn't eaten in a week. In the first days after Cameron's birth Eve had reluctantly tried to breastfeed her, but wasn't able to get past the chilly little body latching onto her breast and leaving bruises from the force of the sucking. After watching several painful rounds and seeing Eve's fair skin turning black and blue, Malcom finally told her to stop. He had seen the relief in Eve's eyes, and struggled to not get upset at the unfairness of it all. This was nothing like the family that he had envisioned in his mind.
Eve breezed into the kitchen, pulling her long blond hair back into a ponytail. She glanced at Malcom and Cameron before reaching into the cupboard for a pan. Even though Cameron was doing nothing but eating, Malcom felt the tenseness coming off Eve in waves.
"Everything okay in here?" she asked as she pulled eggs from the refrigerator.
"It's great," Malcom said, looking back down at his daughter. The infant's gaze was hypnotic as she sucked fiercely on the bottle. "I was just getting ready to go over the rules again for Cameron, to make sure she doesn’t mess anything up." Although Malcom's tone was lighthearted, he felt the niggling doubt in the back of his mind.
Even turned to him with a panicked look on her face. "You don't think she can mess it up, right? I mean, she is just a baby, so they'd have to understand that we can't control that."
"I'm kidding, Eve, relax," Malcom said. He wondered who he should be more worried about, Cameron or Eve.
Cameron finished her bottle, and Malcom lifted her up onto his shoulder to burp her. He winced as chills ran down his spine from Cameron's cold cheek as it touched the sensitive area of his neck where it met the collarbone. He started to pat her back. An irrational thought flitted through his mind that she would latch onto his neck to continue her meal. He pushed the thought away.
"She's not going to get a bad one, right Malcom?" Eve asked. 
He could see that breakfast had been forgotten as tears gathered in her eyes. "That's just a myth, Eve. A stupid story they used to tell us when we were young to keep us in line." 
"What about Molly Jenkins?" Eve persisted.
"Molly Jenkins was an innocent little girl who got stuck with an abusive couple who should never have been able to procreate," Malcom said firmly. He turned away so that Eve couldn't see the doubt in his eyes.
Many years ago, a little girl named Molly Jenkins killed her parents in their sleep. Even after it came out that she had been abused, there had been whispers that her parents were not the first people who had died around Molly. The punishment for murder was soul extraction, but it had taken the Office of Souls months to decide if the usual punishment would apply given Molly's age.
But in the end, the Head Master decided that there could be no exception. Molly Jenkins became the youngest soul extraction in Malm's history, and then the rumors had started to fly that Molly had never stood a chance because her soul was flawed from the start. The rumors said that a man who had been convicted of serial murder had his soul extracted just days prior to Molly's implantation day.
 Whether they liked it or not, souls were in short supply in Malm. If a soul was identified as "flawed," it supposedly went through a rehabilitation process before it went back into the pool of available souls. Malcom shuddered to think that a soul that had belonged to someone evil could end up in his daughter. But he didn't have any say in the matter. The Office of Souls controlled the souls that were called to the fountain. The only thing that he and Eve could do was make sure Cameron's natural aura was more attractive than the others due a soul so that she drew the attention of the best soul.
He didn't believe for one second that whatever the Office of Souls did to those "flawed" souls made them any better. Evil stayed evil. There were still people in the Malm who lied, stole, cheated, and killed. But the risk of a bad soul was a risk his family had to take. A child without a soul would forever be a societal outcast, and that wasn't what he wanted for Cameron
He hugged his daughter closer to him despite the chill and smiled at Eve. "Everything's going to be great. Just you wait and see."
SAMUEL

Samuel had been with the Light in the Office of Souls almost a hundred years, and served in the role of  Lead Acolyte to the Head Master for half that. But if asked, a Resident would probably have said he was in his mid-twenties. He had been told that time moved differently in service of the Light, and he had no reason not to believe it. Since his boyhood, he had known his life's purpose; to serve the Office of Souls and the Head Master with unwavering loyalty. He had never deviated from that mission, and he didn't ask questions even when he was asked to do things that made no sense.
Samuel was accustomed to a very strict routine at the Office of Souls, especially on Soul Distribution Day. Soul implantation was a very delicate procedure, and in the last several years, Samuel had noticed that the Head Master was becoming more fatigued after each ceremony. Although he worried, he said nothing. It wasn't his place.
So when he entered the Head Master's office to start the morning's preparations on Soul Implantation Day 3675, he was surprised to find him already at his desk. Usually the Head Master rested until an hour before the ceremony's commencement to conserve his strength. He was hunched over a large book, and he had papers with strange markings spread out all over his desk. 
"There you are, Samuel." The Head Master gestured for the acolyte to sit down in the chair across from him, although he didn't look up from his book. "Sit. I'd like to review the implantation procedures with you."
Samuel sat down and frowned. "Did I do something wrong during the last implantation procedure?" Samuel had attended the Head Master at hundreds of ceremonies over the years and as far as he knew, he had never been guilty of even one mistake.
The Head Master sighed and closed the book. "Samuel, you are my most loyal acolyte. I trust no one as much as I trust you." He took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes. Suddenly, he looked ancient to Samuel, and the thought sent a shot of fear through him. 
The Soul Garden was protected by the will of the Head Master, and everyone was protected from the fountain by the power of the Head Master. Samuel knew that at some point those two things could be jeopardized by the humanity of the Head Master, but everyone, including Samuel, operated under the belief that he would live forever.
"I serve you for eternity," Samuel said with a bow of his head. "Tell me how I can help."
"I apologize that I have given you cause to believe that you have done something wrong. You have not," the Head Master explained. "But for the safety of the Chosen, today we are going to make a few modifications in our preparations."
Samuel was surprised, and he knew that it showed on his face. "I thought that the ceremony had to be done exactly to certain specifications to achieve the right effects."
The Head Master nodded. "We will carry out the ceremony to the letter as we always do, but today you will be the only acolyte attending."
"The other acolytes will be disappointed," Samuel said carefully. "You know how they look forward to this day, especially after having to go through all of the necessary preparation."
"They are unnecessary once the preparations are over, and so I want them to stay in their quarters," the Head Master said.
Samuel could hear the annoyance in his voice. He had reached the limit of the Head Master's indulgence with him. "Of course, sir. I will advise the acolytes to return to their rooms once the safety net in the garden is secure."
"Good. And I'd like to have Bishop watch over the garden entrance."
Samuel had no idea what to make of the request. "Is there something in particular he should be watching for, Sir? I'd like to be very clear in my instructions to him."
"The instructions are simple, Samuel. Once the Chosen go in, no one else goes in. Oh, and have him take a shovel or something with him. Just in case."
"Sir?"
"I am sure it is nothing, Samuel, simply the worries of an old man. But I feel it is important that today we must be vigilant," the Head Master said, and sighed heavily.
"We are always careful, Head Master. The ceremony is complex, but we have done it so many times I feel like I could do it in my sleep," Samuel said. ''But if you say these precautions are necessary, I will ensure they are followed."
"That is my concern, Samuel. I fear we have become complacent. And I sense that something has been watching and has taken note of this." 
"Something like what, Sir?"
The Head Master leaned back in his chair and paused as if considering whether to say more, then shook his head. "Start the morning preparations, Samuel. I am sure it is nothing, but keep your eyes and ears open and notify me at once if you encounter anything unusual. You may go." The Head Master opened his book again.
Samuel was more confused than ever, but a seed of uneasiness had blossomed in his stomach. Although he had tried to hide it, the Head Master was afraid.
MARIUS

Marius woke up the morning of Soul Implantation Day 3675 in a state of calm that he couldn't remember ever feeling in his life. Today was the day he had been waiting for. Today was the day his life would finally be complete. After so long, he would finally embrace his destiny. The voices had told him so.
Marius was nothing if not patient. There was little else you could be when you reached adulthood without the benefit of a soul. In the territory of Malm, the residents didn't like to be reminded of orphans like Marius. Orphans were victims of procreation crime, and the penalty for it was the soul extraction of the offending parents. So on the infrequent times it was committed, the infants were often left on the doorstep of the Office of Souls.
Marius's lips curled. As if the idiots who ran the Office of Souls would give away a perfectly good soul to a creature that had been conceived outside the boundaries of their precious procreation guidelines. But it didn't matter anymore. Today was his big day.
Marius quickly dressed and went downstairs into the main hall. Breakfast was already being served, and he saw the look of annoyance on the face of the acolyte who served him. Given that most adult soulless required almost constant feeding, being late to a meal was unusual. Marius thought that it probably wouldn't do to draw attention to himself, but a big part of him didn't care. He was soulless, after all; emotions were supposed to be the property of the ensouled.
"You're late this morning, Marius," the acolyte said as he slid a bowl in front of Marius.
"I overslept," Marius replied. He knew that the acolyte didn't really expect a response. Most adult soulless never spoke at all. But Marius was different. He had always been different, but it was like no one in the Office of Souls acknowledged it except on the rare occasion he bent an administrative rule. It made him feel good to know that after today, everyone would see him in a whole new light.
The acolyte sighed. "You know the schedule, Marius. Don't make me have to report you to the Head Master again. You've given him too much trouble as it is."
Marius ignored him and started to eat. For once he decided to hold his tongue. The acolyte seemed satisfied and moved away.
Marius looked down at the porridge in front of him. He had eaten the same meal fifteen to twenty times a day the entire time he had been alive. He wondered if somewhere along the way, some scientifically-inclined acolyte had determined that the soulless didn't have the same kind of taste buds as the ensouled. The food was boring and bland, and there was never the option to have something else. The one time Marius had questioned it, he had ended up medicated in isolation for several days. The soulless weren't in a position to ask questions. Marius was sure that the Office of Souls considered it a mercy that adult soulless were even allowed to live.
He was tempted to throw down his spoon and demand that the acolyte bring him a rare steak. Although he had never seen a steak to even understand what it was, he had once heard the acolytes whispering about a celebratory meal where they were going to be served steak. Marius recognized the pleasure in their voices and realized that this was something special, a food to be desired. Marius was sick of being treated like a lowly half-breed; without a soul it was like he was only seen as half-human. 
He looked around the room with lidded eyes. There weren't many like him; adult age soulless were uncommon. In fact, most of the creatures that shared the dining room with him were actually desouled criminals. The facility hidden within the wall of the Office of Souls compound was one of the few places deemed "safe" for adult soulless to reside. The Residents would have shunned them anyways, but Marius knew that the real reason was people were afraid of those like him. Without a soul you were untethered from those things that supposedly make someone human. And if you weren't human, then you were something very bad; you were a monster walking around in a human skin.
Marius's appetite disappeared. He pushed the half-eaten bowl away and stood up. He passed into the great hall and stopped in front of the huge mirror that hung next to the door. When he was younger, Marius determined that the idiots in charge had hung the mirror there to ensure that those who lived there could never doubt that they were different from the ensouled. You couldn't start thinking too mightily of yourself when you came face to face with the ugly shell that marked you for all the world to see as a soulless one. There was no lying to the mirror and there was no hiding.
He boldly stepped closer to the mirror's edge. He knew he was tall for an adult; he often towered over the teenage acolytes who had been assigned to the Soulless Asylum after drawing the short straw. He knew that by assigning them here, the Office of Souls instilled an overactive work ethic early on, because the sooner the acolytes got promoted, the sooner they could leave. Likewise, when an acolyte needed to be punished, they found themselves once again back in the halls with “the walking dead.”
The Residents had long ago given adult soulless that cruel nickname. Instead of healthy glowing skin, as soulless aged their mottled skin became greyer and the dark splotches multiplied. Marius understood it, in a way. It was as though their human shell was rotting from the outside in without a soul inside to pretty it up and make it strong.
His coarse hair had started falling out in places. He had heard the acolytes compare his hair to that of a horse. Marius had never seen a horse himself, but he understood by their tone of voice that it wasn't a flattering comparison. But of all of his features, it was his eyes that unsettled the souled ones the most. As the soulless aged, their eyes became more and more crimson until the natural-colored iris was completely devoured leaving only the red. He wondered if that would go away today too. He hoped so.
Marius wasn't disgusted with his appearance anymore. He had never known anything different, and eventually he had grown weary of wishing for something that he thought was forever beyond his grasp. He slowly looked himself over, memorizing every spot and wrinkle. He looked forward to seeing what he would look like in just a few short hours.
"Marius," he heard whispered from around the corner under the stairs.
Marius looked around him, and then cautiously approached the dark cubby. As he got closer, he could make out two beady red eyes watching him. When he was only a few feet away, Chim stepped out into the light and then shaded his eyes. Chim was sensitive to the light, which Marius had overheard was unusual for a soulless. But it didn't bother him; Marius was unusual too.
"Chim," he said in greeting.
"You get the book?" Chim asked without saying hello. Chim was like that.
"It's in my room," Marius replied. He had hidden it underneath his mattress. The acolytes were supposed to check for hoarded food every night at lights out, but Marius couldn't remember the last time they had actually done it. The fact that the Office of Souls’ staff had grown so lazy around the soulless was a gift that Marius was thankful for today. It made it that much easier to hide other things.
"You didn't have any trouble, right?" Chim asked. He looked over his shoulder as if expecting someone to pop out of the wall behind him.
"No," Marius replied. "Everyone is so caught up preparing for today's Soul Distribution Day that nobody was watching the library. I was able to sneak in without anyone seeing me. Although if you hadn't told me where to look for it, there is no way I would have found it. That locator spell you taught me took me right to it. It had a different name on it, just like you said. But I still don't understand why you needed it or why you couldn't get it."
"The book is necessary for the ritual, and as to why I couldn't get it, let's just say that the Head Master's little safety precautions prevented it."
There were a lot of things that Chim didn't seem interested in sharing with Marius, but he knew he didn't have much of a choice but to play along.
Chim waved his hand and grinned. "Don't worry Marius. The Head Master thinks he's the only one who can commune with the souls, but he's wrong. He's grown old and weak. It's time to shake things up a bit around here."
Marius wasn't familiar with emotions like fear, but he thought that the way Chim looked at that moment would have made a souled one afraid. In addition to his light sensitivity, Chim seemed to have a wide range of regular emotions. In fact, if Chim didn't look like a soulless, Marius thought he could easily pass amongst the Residents undetected. There were so many things Chim knew that Marius had never heard of before, but when it came down to it, he didn't care. Marius was due a soul, and if the Office of Souls wouldn't give him one, he was going to take one.
"You sure this is going to work?" he asked for what was probably the hundredth time.
Chim grinned again. "My friend, by this time tomorrow, you are going to feel like you rule the world."
BISHOP

Bishop had the same routine every day except for the two days leading up to Soul Distribution Day, and the day itself. On those days, Bishop was forced to work around small swarms of acolytes who inevitably were right in the middle of every spot in the garden that he needed to tend.
Bishop had attempted over the years to establish a rhyme or reason for the cluster of movements through the garden.  They methodically covered every square inch inside the perimeter in their travels. Bishop tried on more than one occasion to work close enough to one of the groups to see if he could tell what they were doing, but no sooner would he get within twenty feet, they would all turn and stare at him in unison. Bishop would stammer out a swift apology, turn bright red, and slither away.
For a while he kept a journal, keeping track of each place where he saw a swarm and details like how many there were in the group, who they were, where they were in the garden, and what time of day it was. But after noting the routines across several Soul Distribution Days, he came back to his small room after work one day and found the journal missing. He couldn't ask where it had gone without having to admit that he was curious about the ritual---something he was sure the administration knew full well. So Bishop said nothing. But if anything, that experience confirmed for him something he had always suspected: he was being watched.
He figured they had been watching him ever since the incident with the fountain. The Office of Souls didn't like wild cards, and there wasn't much they didn't know. Their spies were everywhere. So Bishop went back to tending the garden and tried to lock his curiosity deep down inside where he could forget about it.
On Soul Distribution Day 3675, Bishop was in the far east corner of the garden pruning a Braber shrub and trying to get work done while avoiding the swarms of acolytes that had descended on the garden that morning. Soul Distribution Days were the worst. Bishop felt like he couldn't turn around without tripping over some wayward acolyte who had gotten lost trying to find his group. The garden was like that if you weren't paying attention. 
On Soul Distribution Days, Bishop thought that the fountain was just as eager to release its bounty as the never-ending line of parents with their squalling, mottled soulless infants were to receive it. Bishop had never been allowed to watch the ceremony; in fact he was expressly ordered out of the garden shortly before the ceremony began. He couldn't help wandering past the garden's entrance though in hopes of seeing what the hubbub was about. 
Sometimes he'd sit outside by the equipment garages in the compound parking lot and watch the overjoyed parents emerge with their shiny cheeked babies. The women usually had tear-streaked faces and the men strutted around proud as peacocks. The babies were always cooing and smiling, and the parents showed off their infants like they were brand new toys. Then they all would get into their cars and drive off into their new lives.
Bishop wondered what it was like to have a soulless baby. The stark contrast between the strained faces of the parents when they arrived, and the almost maniac joyfulness when they emerged triumphant from the garden with a baby that was now-normal was obvious. 
He wondered about his own parents. He wished he remembered them. But all he remembered was being in the garden.
"Bishop?" 
Hearing his name called broke him out of his reverie. He turned and saw the Lead Acolyte, Samuel, hurrying in his direction. 
"Yes sir," he said as Samuel planted himself in front of him. "Something I can do for you?" Bishop looked at the ground at Samuel's feet. Even though many years had passed since the incident at the fountain, he could feel his cheeks warm as blood rushed into his face. He was still embarrassed that this boy had saved him from the creature in the fountain. They had never spoken of the incident, but Bishop wondered if Samuel remembered it like he did.
"Actually, yes Bishop," Samuel glanced around them. The closest swarm was about a hundred feet away. "The Head Master has a special assignment for you today."
Bishop raised his eyebrows. This was certainly new. "I don't normally participate in the ceremony," he said slowly, trying to keep the excitement out of his voice. He would love to be allowed to watch an actual soul implantation. He had envisioned it so many times that he thought it had to be done just the way he imagined. 
 Samuel shook his head, "Oh no. Nothing to do with the ceremony."
Bishop felt deflated once again. He never got to be part of the good stuff. 
Samuel didn't seem to notice. "The Head Master would like you to wait outside the entrance to the garden and ensure that the only ones allowed to pass are the Chosen and their parents, in addition to me and the Head Master. The other acolytes will not be in attendance today."
"Who else would want to come in?" Bishop asked. He didn't understand the Head Master's request. Even though he didn't know it for certain, after watching the swarms of acolytes in the garden over the years, he was fairly certain that they were casting some sort of spell on the garden to ward off those with evil intentions. Or the spell protected everyone outside the garden from the things that lurked in the fountain. Either way, Bishop couldn't see anyone being eager to get in without permission.
"Bishop, I understand that this request seems a bit unusual, but it is a direct order from the Head Master," Samuel said sternly.
Bishop caught the drift quickly enough. Do what you're told. The Head Master doesn't have to explain himself to the likes of you. "Of course I'll do whatever the Head Master needs me to do."
Samuel nodded. "Thank you, Bishop. The Head Master said that you can return to your regular duties tomorrow. Please go attend to the entrance now."
Bishop started to put down his shears, but Samuel motioned for him to keep them. "Take those with you. The Head Master also said to use whatever means necessary to keep any unauthorized personnel or Residents out of the garden." 
Then Samuel turned on his heel and walked away, leaving Bishop gaping at him.
EVE

The car ride seemed to be taking forever. Occasionally Malcom would reach over and squeeze her hand, which on any other day Eve would have found sweet and endearing. Today she just wanted to swat his hand away and tell him to drive faster. Although Eve was scared to death of what they were about to do, she couldn't go another day staring at her soulless daughter's face.
Eve sat stiffly in her seat and refused to turn around even as she heard Cameron starting to fuss. The baby was hungry again. Since Malcom wasn't around their daughter as often, he hadn't noticed the increased frequency of Cameron's feeding cycle. She had tried to mention it once, but Malcom brushed it off, saying the baby was growing. But from what Eve could see Cameron was still the same size she had been since the day she was born. The difference was that she was eating almost twice what she had eaten then, and her hunger didn't appear to be satiated. Eve didn't want to even try to think what that could mean. 
Before Cameron was born, Eve rarely thought about the soulless ones. She knew that the adults were kept behind closed doors at the Soulless Asylum. It was only after Cameron was born that Eve found out that parents often left their infants there too until their Soul Distribution Day. Malcom and Eve didn't have a lot of extra money, and sending Cameron to the Soulless Asylum was simply too expensive. So without anyone else to help, Eve had been sequestered at home per regulation with her ugly soulless baby.
Today signaled the start of their new life. Eve started gnawing on her lower lip, a tick leftover from her childhood. As long as Cameron didn't end up with a bad soul, they'd be home free. But there were no soul guarantees. You got what you got, and sometimes you wouldn't know that your child had a bad soul until it was too late. Eve shuddered and rubbed her hands together. It wouldn't do her any good to keep dwelling on that. She hoped that she would never feel the need to lock her bedroom door at night.
"Do you want to talk through the ceremony steps again?" Eve asked. She needed something to distract her mind. She looked down at the open manual in her lap.
Malcom sighed. "Again?"
"Malcom, we have to do everything right if we want to make sure that Cameron attracts the best soul in the fountain. I'd hate to think that your daughter got stuck with sloppy seconds just because you forgot to say an incantation right," Eve snapped.
"We don't even know if any babies other than Cameron are getting implanted today," Malcom said patiently.
Eve hated how calm he always was; nothing ever seemed to faze him. "They called four names on the public announcement, and I don't see anything in this guide that says they'd go through all of this formality for just one infant."
"Well, the Office of Souls isn't exactly forthcoming with details about any of this stuff," Malcom said.
"Everything is right here," Eve said, holding up the Official Handbook of Soul Implantation Procedure and shaking it at him. "You are always so skeptical. It seems very straightforward as long as you don't deviate from the protocol."
"Do you ever wonder why there is a “protocol?" Malcom asked. "Haven't you wondered why the whole soul implantation process is so secretive? I bet Before they didn't even have procreation procedures. What don't they want you to know that you should know?"
Eve let out a short sigh of frustration. She and Malcom had had the same philosophical argument since the day their names had been called as winners of the procreation lottery. She couldn't believe they were having this discussion yet again at this particular juncture, when they were finally getting their hearts' desire.
"Malcom, it isn't for us to question the Office of Souls. And personally, I couldn't care less if there is a protocol, ten million steps, or the sacrifice of a limb. I would do it to get Cameron a soul."
"That's because you'd give them one of my limbs, isn't it?" Malcom asked solemnly.
Eve let out a long burst of laughter and felt the tension leave the car. "Of course. I'm glad we're on the same page," she finally managed to sputter.
Malcom turned toward her with an expression of mock pain and then looked back out the windshield. Eve felt all of her worry dissipate. She was being silly. Everything was going to be fine.
She reached over and squeezed Malcom's arm. "Our daughter is getting her soul today. I can't wait to celebrate tonight. I love you."
Malcom met her eyes and smiled. Eve relaxed into her seat. In just a few short hours, it would all be over.
SAMUEL

Samuel hurried between each of the groups of acolytes scattered across the garden. His message for each of them was the same: The Head Master asks that you complete your meditation as soon as possible and return to your rooms for the duration of the ceremony.
He knew that the acolytes were surprised. Soul Distribution Day was a special day, and being able to observe it helped the acolytes see the fruits of their labor; it connected them to their reason for service to the Light. The magic of the transformation and seeing a soul choose and take hold in its human host made all of the ambiguity of life inside the compound worthwhile.
The ceremony itself was powerful and electrifying. It felt otherworldly, and if you looked at the fountain instead of the Chosen, you could even peek into the other realm where the souls resided during their recuperation between hosts. Samuel regretted taking this away from the acolytes attending the garden, especially the ones who had risen high enough in rank to be able to observe since the last Soul Distribution Day.
"But why, sir?" asked Advanced Junior Acolyte James Myer. 
James had applied and been accepted to the Office of Souls less than a year ago. His superiors quickly noted the fervor with which he served and his dedication to his tasks. Less than six months later, he had been invited to join one of the Circle of Meditators who facilitated the garden preparation for Soul Distribution Days. Today was supposed to be the first time James observed the ceremony. 
Samuel felt a twinge of satisfaction, even though he knew that to feel so was mean-spirited. He had taken James under his wing after the third report of James' excellence crossed the Head Master's desk. The Head Master showed great interest in the reports, and declared that he had uncovered Samuel's successor when Samuel passed on. As Samuel had no intention of passing on anytime soon, he had been keeping James close to him ever since. It wasn't unheard of to have an "accident" pave the wave for a promotion in the Office of Souls; especially as a benefit of service was an extended life cycle. That meant there was very little room for movement into the upper ranks of the administration.
"We don't question the Head Master's wishes," he said to James. He noted the expression of annoyance on the younger man's face. It was something that James needed to learn to control. "The Head Master realizes that this request will be disappointing to many. But the Head Master is only looking out for the best interests of the Chosen, and it is our duty to obey him."
"There is evil in this garden," he heard a voice whisper behind him. Samuel whirled around. Bishop stood behind him, but his eyes were unfocused. Samuel often wondered about the man's stability. He had tried to tell the Head Master about his concerns, especially when Samuel found the notebook that proved the gardener's interest in the fountain remained well after the "incident", but the Head Master wouldn't listen.
"Bishop, you have your orders," he barked. He was relieved to see the man blink and then seem to realize where he was. The gardener shrunk away with his shears gripped in his hands. He needed to speak to the Head Master. He turned back to the group, ignoring James's glare. "The ceremony starts in less than three hours. I would hurry. You need to complete your meditation as soon as possible."
He started to move away when he felt a hand on his arm. Touch was forbidden in the Soul Garden, and he jerked his arm away to find James toe to toe with him.
"Sir, I must speak with you," James whispered. "I don't mean to be insubordinate; sir, but the Head Master promised that I would be able observe this ceremony."
"James, I understand that you are eager to learn as much as you can and advance your career within the Office of Souls. The Head Master has his reasons, and you know there will be another ceremony soon. There are extenuating circumstances around today's ceremony and the Head Master feels that it is most prudent to have only required members of the Office of Souls present with the Chosen for soul implantation. I am sorry, but this is his wish." Samuel was amazed at the young man's imprudence, and then wondered why he was bothering to go into such detail over a request that should be easily obeyed.
"He promised," James insisted.
"He changed his mind," Samuel said. He was tired of catering to this brash young man. He was tired of worrying about constantly having to watch his back. He nodded toward the group. "The meditation circle is not as effective when all the members aren't participating. Today of all days, the Head Master would be displeased to hear that the integrity of the safety net was compromised because some junior acolyte decided to pursue his own interests."
He saw James's eyes narrow as he caught Samuel's unspoken threat. 
"Of course, sir. I didn't mean to overstep my bounds."
At that moment, Samuel saw something dangerous in James's eyes. He would have to keep a much closer eye on the young acolyte, he thought. He nodded, "As you were. If anything changes I will let you know."
James walked back to his group and joined the circle. Soon his head had dropped and he was deep in the meditation trance. Samuel drew a quick safety symbol in the air and then headed down the path towards the administrative offices. He didn’t know if any of the unusual things happening were because of the unseen dangers the Head Master had warned about, or because they were deviating from the normal routine, but either way he needed to find out.
MARIUS

Marius retrieved the book from his room and hid it under his jacket. As he stepped outside the Soulless Asylum, he looked both ways to see if anyone saw him. The Asylum residents weren't supposed to leave the building, but Marius had tested that rule a few times over the years.  After the last time, when his sudden appearance at one of the acolyte resident halls had caused an uproar, the Head Master threatened the door of the Asylum to keep him in. But as with all things in the Asylum, the acolytes got lax and the door was left unlocked again. Marius was just a lot more careful in his excursions outside the Asylum walls.
As Chim had promised, the Office of Souls’ staff was non-existent around the grounds since the majority of the acolytes were required to prepare for the soul implantation ceremony. Marius had never understood why it required all the hoopla that it received. But he didn't care. Once he was souled, he would be the master of his own destiny. And that destiny involved getting as far away from the rule of the Office of Souls as possible, even if that meant leaving Malm.
He quickly made his way down the path that led to the administration building. He counted off five benches on the side of the path and then stepped beneath the heavy shade tree next to it.  He didn't dare sit down. Behind him the high shrubbery marked an exterior wall of the garden. The shrub was at least twenty feet high, and was such a thick density that a human would look like a bloodied pin cushion if he attempted to push through to the other side. But even if someone was crazy enough to try it anyway, the protection spell that encircled the garden was potent enough to keep all intruders away. Marius had heard the rumors, and although no one really knew what the protection spell would do, the general consensus was that it would render you soulless and dead.
"Good to see you again, Marius."
Marius swung around and tried not to show his surprise at Chim's appearance next to him seemingly out of thin air. Chim had a way of doing that, and Marius wouldn't put it past him to have figured out a way to transport directly into the garden. "I didn't see you there, Chim."
"I'm only seen when I want to be seen. You know that, Marius." The little man chuckled.
Even though Chim was hidden deep in the shadow of the shrubbery, Marius could still make out his red eyes and shrunken nose. The soulless were ugly, but Chim bordered on repugnant. Marius had observed that Chim's skin was losing the telltale mottled tone and was instead turning the color of rot in many places. Marius wondered how old Chim really was; his appearance suggested he was ancient. 
"What's next?" Marius asked. He was ready to move. He was nervous standing there out in the open. He knew if they were spotted it would raise an alarm.
"We just need to wait a little bit longer," Chim said. “In about thirty minutes the garden is going to be empty except for the Chosen and their parents, the Head Master, and the Lead Acolyte.”
"Where are the rest of the acolytes going to be? I thought that they watched the ceremony." 
"They are being sent to their rooms after they tie off the safety net," Chim replied. He grinned. "We're going to be able to walk right up to the fountain and get both of us a pretty little soul. It'll be like taking candy from a baby; literally in this case."
Marius wasn't sure what to make of this information. Everything about the day so far seemed very different from any other Soul Distribution Day. "How do you know all of this, Chim?"
Chim snorted. "When you've been around as long as I have, Marius, you'll know a thing or two. Mostly you'll know when the stars are aligned in your favor so that you can take advantage of it."
Marius decided that it was time to voice something that he had been turning around in his mind ever since the day Chim had approached him with his plan. "Is that why you’ve never tried to do this before?"
"What’s with all of these questions?" Chim's voice raised in pitch. "I'm offering you the opportunity to get the thing that you’ve always wanted; the thing that has always been withheld from you. I would think you'd be eager to do whatever I asked instead of questioning my intentions."
Marius simply nodded. He had no interest in getting Chim upset. He was just curious.
As if reading his mind, Chim took a deep breath. "I know this is a lot to process, and you must be very excited."
Marius shrugged. While he knew he had developed rudimentary emotions for a soulless one, he wasn’t sure if this feeling inside him was what a souled one would call excited. He was much more familiar with anger. He knew that he had gotten a bad roll of the dice when it came to his existence and future, and that he didn't like it.
"I can't do this alone, Marius. I had to wait a long time for someone like you to come along. Potential partners are slim pickings." 
Marius understood that. Most of the soulless wandered around in circles in the Soulless Asylum when they weren't eating or sleeping. They were little more than ugly shells, constant reminders of mistakes and misfortune. To encounter a soulless who could not only communicate, but process logical thoughts was a rare. Marius didn't know of anyone like him and Chim at the asylum. Before him, Marius hadn't had a coherent companion in many years. 
"So the acolytes are all going to be in their rooms. Then what, we waltz into the garden, go the fountain, and grab a soul?" Marius asked.
"It will only be slightly more difficult than that, but yes, you've got the general gist," Chim said as he drew his hands together in a peak in front of his chest.
Marius thought it looked like a mock prayer. "We should probably talk about the more difficult parts, then."
Chim pursed his lips. "As you know, there is only way into the garden that isn't protected by that stupid death and damnation spell."
Marius nodded. The only way into and out of the garden was the entrance by the front gate.
"Today the entrance will be guarded," Chim said.
That news surprised Marius. "The entrance is never guarded."
"The Head Master thought some added layers of security today would be a good idea."
Marius frowned. "It's like he knows we're coming."
Chim waved his hand, "He knows nothing. What he thinks he knows isn't even the half of it. Besides, his precautions are laughable."
"So there will be violence," Marius said. "I want my soul, but I don't want to have to hurt someone."
"Oh, how precious. A soulless with an ethical code," Chim smirked. 
Marius didn't like being the butt of anyone's joke. He started to say so when Chim raised his hand and silenced him.
"If you do everything I say exactly the way I say it, then there won't be any need for you to do violence, Marius."
"Then tell me what to do, Chim. I'm ready."
SAMUEL

Samuel couldn't find the Head Master. He searched his office, his bedroom, the dining hall, and the courtyard. He was on the verge of panicking. The ceremony was scheduled to start in less than thirty minutes, and he had seen the cars of the Chosen starting to gather in the parking lot.
Finally he found him sitting in the very back corner of the library. The old man was just sitting there, staring out into space.
"Sir?" Samuel said as he slowly approached him. The Head Master didn't respond. "Head Master?" he said louder. In the empty room the words seem to reverberate like heavy rolls of thunder as they made their way back to his ears, and he winced.
The Head Master's gaze finally focused and settled on Samuel. The hair stood up on the back of his neck. The Head Master's eyes looked haunted.
"Samuel," the Head Master rasped. "What can I do for you?"
Samuel wondered if the Head Master was ill. "The Chosen have started to arrive, Head Master. It is almost time for the ceremony. I did as you asked and sent the acolytes to their rooms. Bishop is stationed outside the garden entrance. He was acting strangely again, though."
The Head Master nodded, but his shoulders drooped. "As if any of it will do any good."
"Sir?" Samuel was alarmed. This man in front of him looked like the Head Master, but all of his usual confidence and presence seemed to have been stripped away. And what Samuel was left with was a timid old man.
"Samuel, do you believe in evil?" the Head Master asked as he cast his gaze up at the ornate ceiling tiles.
It was an odd question. "I believe that sometimes bad things happen," Samuel replied. "But the Office of Souls keeps all things that lurk with malicious intentions away. It has been that way since the beginning of Malm, after the end of Before."
The Head Master sighed and then grimaced. "I'm afraid that we are about to embark on a new age, Samuel. One that is very different than the one you know today. What we know today may well become the next generation's “Before." I have done my best to protect us—the men and women here who have pledged service to the Office of Souls, the Residents of the territory, and our way of life. There are many who would say that my rules have been too stringent. But it was necessary."
Samuel had never heard the Head Master speak like this. It was as if they were sitting in a confessional. "Sir, we don't question your rules. You know more than all of us combined. You saw the destruction of Before. We trust you to lead us in whatever way you've see fit. I know that your intentions have always been for a safe and prosperous life for all of the Residents of Malm."
"Ah Samuel, you are the most loyal acolyte that has ever served me. Your faith warms my heart. But you don't see that unwavering devotion like yours is something that is a thing of the past. I have seen the seeds of discourse take root. I was a foolish man to think that I could ignore it. And now, the time of change stands on our doorstep, and there is nothing to be done. I should have prepared you. I have failed." Tears streamed down the Head Master's face.
Samuel knelt at the Head Master's feet. "What can I do, Head Master? Tell me what I need to do to help. I will do whatever you require." He felt the Head Master's hands on his head. It reminded him of the day he had sworn his pledge of service to the Office of Souls, which had been the best day of his life. A rush of warmth and peace swept over him.
"I was wrong to lay these dark thoughts at your feet, Samuel. But it is important that you understand because it will be your duty to hold the line against the forces of darkness. Will you still serve faithfully in the face of evil?"
Samuel had no idea what the Head Master's words meant, but he would do his duty in the fight against any adversary of the Light. That had never been a question. "Of course, Head Master. My life belongs to the Office of Souls." He felt a warm shock of electricity pass through him, and he looked up into the Head Master's face. What just happened?
"You will know what to do when the time comes. Get up, Samuel. I can dally no longer," the Head Master said as he stood up.
Samuel stood up as well. He thought again of how frail the Head Master looked; like a strong gust of wind would blow him away. He watched the Head Master look to his right, at a low shelf on the far wall. Samuel saw that a book was missing. All books were required to stay in the library, and today was not a day that anyone would be engaged in casual reading. Everyone had a purpose on Soul Distribution Day.
The Head Master shook his head and sighed. "Someone once told me that the easiest way to hide something important was to disguise it in plain sight. I fear that wisdom has failed me. Our enemies are always around us. Come, Samuel. We must finish our preparations and then it will be time to meet the Chosen at the gate." 
He turned and started to walk away. Samuel had idea what the Head Master was talking about, but he had no choice but to follow.
MALCOM

They turned slowly into the parking lot, and Malcom realized that he was holding his breath. Although there were spaces for hundreds of cars, there were only about twenty in the lot today. Malcom had heard that many years ago, the Residents of Malm would gather at the Office of Souls compound in hopes of being admitted into the garden for worship and prayers. To what purpose he had no idea. He wasn't even sure that was the truth. It was creepy being around all of the white-robed acolytes when they visited town for supplies. While today Malcom felt fortunate that they lived so close to the compound, he could see the appeal of living out in the perimeter towns. Out of sight, out of mind.
"It's kinda freaky, isn't it?" Eve said.
Malcom could hear the strain in her voice. Neither one of them had been to the compound since their own soul implantation days, when they were much too young to remember anything. It would have been easy to forget that the compound was even here, if it hadn’t been for all the mandates and rules that affected every aspect of their lives emanating from deep inside the walls.
"It's essentially just a really big ranch," Malcom said. He was determined to keep his cool today. Eve was the one prone to panic, and so one of them had to keep their wits about them, for Cameron's sake. 
Malcom pulled up to a row that had several cars already lined up, and slid the car into a parking spot. He could see now that the majority of the cars in the lot had the Office of Souls logo on the side. There were just a few that looked like they belonged to Residents.
Malcom looked over at Eve. "Well, it's about time to go in. We don't want to be late."
He saw her nod, but she didn't move. Her chest was rising and falling faster than before, and she clutched the Official Handbook of Soul Implantation Procedure like it was going to jerk and try to get away from her. 
"I'll get Cameron," he said.
Malcom got out and opened the back door. The baby seat faced the back of the car, and he could see immediately that she was fussing, albeit quietly. Her red-rimmed eyes caught his movement and her head swung towards him. She opened her mouth and a short caw came out.
"Is she hungry already?" he asked Eve.
"She's always hungry," Eve said sarcastically as she got out of the car.
Malcom had no idea what that meant. He wondered if they had time to give Cameron a bottle before the ceremony started. He had no desire to have an ornery baby on their hands during the most important hour of her life.
"Eve, did we bring a bottle?" 
He slid Cameron out of her restraints and pulled her into his arms. That seemed to settle her a bit, but she was still opening and closing her mouth rather insistently.
Eve snorted and went around the back of the car. What the hell is the matter with her? He heard her digging into the diaper bag, and then she was by his side with a small bottle of wheat germ formula.
"Thanks," he said as he took the bottle and stuck the nipple into Cameron's mouth.
"There's two more for the ride home, just in case," Eve said as she pulled the bag from the back and turned toward the compound entrance. "Let's go."
Malcom knew there was something he was missing, but Eve didn't seem to be interested in enlightening him. He looked down at Cameron, who finally seemed content as she sucked hard on the bottle.
He took a few moments to study the compound up close as they approached the gate. Walls stretched on either side of the entrance as far as he could see. The histories said that the walls stretched all the way to the perimeter, just to make sure that Residents never accidentally stumbled into the garden. They were at least twenty feet tall and were a shining white even in the overcast afternoon. Malcom wondered who in their right mind would ever consider trying to breach them.
When they arrived at the gate, they found two other couples waiting off to the side. One of the women carried a baby that he easily could have mistaken for Cameron. He was surprised to see the other couple holding the hands of a small soulless toddler. The toddler's father immediately read Malcom's expression and his face hardened.
"No, they don’t get any cuter as they get older," the man said. His wife elbowed him in the ribs and took the toddler a few feet further away. 
Malcom shivered as he looked into the toddler's vacant eyes. He had wondered what they would do if Cameron's name wasn't called until well after she had started to grow. He imagined it would be a nightmare. He looked at Eve and saw his thoughts reflected in her eyes as she watched the toddler as well.
"Hey, we're here," he said reassuringly. "It's almost over."
Eve didn't reply. Instead she opened the Official Handbook of Soul Implantation Procedure and turned away.
Malcom looked through the narrow opening of the gate. It looked to be made of cast iron, and the spikes at the top made it stand even taller than the walls. Malcom could see a courtyard on the other side and a long pathway that looked like it led to a large building in the distance. He couldn't see anything on either side. Just the courtyard, the path, and the building.
The other couples were keeping to themselves, and occasionally Malcom heard a low whisper pass between the adults, but he couldn't make out what they were saying. He looked down and realized that Cameron had finished her bottle and was starting at him intently. It unnerved him to see how adult she looked. It was as if she were looking at him under a microscope. The expression was akin to curiosity, but of course, soulless ones didn't have such an emotion. Eat, drink, defecate, sleep. That was all a soulless knew according to the handbook; nothing but the most basic human instincts.
Ten minutes passed and he shifted back and forth feeling anxious. He looked at his watch. The Office of Souls was getting a late start. 
"Anytime now," he said. It was louder than he anticipated, and the others looked over at him. Eve, with her nose in her book, grimaced. But he thought he saw the shadows of a smile on one of the father’s faces. Residents were usually friendly and outgoing with everyone, and he thought it was only the strangeness of the situation that put everyone on guard.
He walked over the couple with the other infant. "Hi, I'm Malcom. That's my wife, Eve, and this is Cameron. How are you folks today?"
He saw the couple exchange a look, but he felt some of the tension seep away.
"I'm Brian," the man finally said. He had the accent of someone who lived further toward the perimeter. "This is my wife, Emily, and our daughter, Cecile."
"Pleased to meet you, Brian. Where are you in from?" Malcom asked. He hoped that the generic questions would put the couple at ease.
"Jonestown," Brian said. 
Malcom whistled. "You're a long way from home." Malcom and Eve had traveled three hours from West End, which was the closest town to the Office of Souls compound. Jonestown was three days out, halfway to the perimeter.
Brian shrugged. "Not a lot of choice in the matter."
"We're from Outer Bijou," said a voice behind them. 
Malcom and Brian both turned and found the father of the toddler standing there. "I'm Mark. My wife is Tabby, and that's Joe." He kicked his thumb back towards his family. "He's our third."
Malcom whistled again. "Your third? In West End we get one shot at procreation, if at all."
"Things are a bit different in Outer Bijou." Mark sniffed. "The Office of Souls expects some of us to serve at the boundaries of Malm, and they are willing to bend the rules a bit."
Malcom blinked. He had never considered that. "What do you do, Mark? It must be pretty important if your work keeps you all the way out on the perimeter's edge."
"It's not important," Mark deflected. "It's just necessary."
Malcom wondered why the man wouldn’t answer the question. Every Resident's station and occupation was listed in the territory's census data, which was publicly displayed in every town hall. The Office of Souls not only monitored the population, but ensured that there was a body for every necessary job to keep the wheels of progress moving. 
Malcom had grown up hoping that he would be assigned to be a doctor, but at his adult initiation announcement, he had drawn accountant. It wasn't glamorous, but it was a necessary function. He wondered if Mark had wanted to be something else too.
"I'm a farmer," Brian said. "Emily and I have a soybean farm just outside of Jonestown."
That made sense to Malcom. Between West End and the perimeter, there was a wide swath of farms and cattle ranches.
"We've just been called again in the procreation lottery as well. I'm glad Cecile is getting her soul today, because I think two at the same time would be a bit much for Emily to handle," Brian said as he put his arm around his wife.
"I didn't realize that the outer towns had lowered restrictions on procreation," Malcom said. Residents didn't talk about procreation much at all, and Malcom had a feeling that the Office of Souls liked it that way.
"It makes sense when you realize that amount of work that is being expected," Mark said. "You inner town folk don't realize what it's like to be so far away from the core of the territory."
Malcom was annoyed with the man's tone. It wasn't like he was an uneducated shmoe. "Eve and I feel fortunate to have Cameron, but honestly I don't think that we would ever want more children in any case."
He watched the other men closely. There was definitely discomfort there, and once again Malcom felt like he was missing something.
"So you've done this before," Brian asked Mark.
"A-yup," Mark said. "It'll be like slipping on an old hat, won't it, Tabby?"
"A-yup," was the quiet reply. 
Malcom noticed the woman didn't move closer, though. The toddler was staring at him from behind her skirts. And he was opening and closing his mouth in the same way that Cameron did when she was hungry. Were these soulless always hungry?
He turned and saw that Eve had moved further away from them and was staring up at the tall walls. He wondered what she was thinking. Ever since Cameron had been born, he had felt a distance growing between them. Sometimes he felt like he was married to a stranger, a pale wisp of the woman that he had fallen in love with.
"Eve," he said to get her attention. He hoped that her strangeness was not as apparent to the other parents as it was to him. "Can you take this bottle and put it away?" 
He thought for a moment that she hadn't heard him, that she was communing with some other entity he couldn't see. Just as he was getting ready to say her name again, her head swung towards him and he saw her eyes focus on him. She slowly walked over and took the bottle from his outstretched hand, capped it with a top that she pulled from the diaper bag, and stowed it back inside.
"How old's your little one?" Emily asked her. 
Eve cleared her throat. "Cameron is six months old."
"Cessy just turned seven months today," Emily said. She smiled fondly down at the infant in her arms. "We are hoping that at her adult initiation she'll draw a dancer. I was a dancer before I married Brian."
Eve looked bored and Malcom was embarrassed. He wondered if being sequestered with Cameron for the last six months had robbed her of her social skills. He realized with a start that he couldn't remember the last time he had seen Eve interact with anyone aside from him since right after Cameron was born. 
"What did you do before you were married?" Emily persisted.
It was common practice that women gave up their occupation as soon as they submitted their name for marriage approval. It made things easier for everyone if the couple was chosen to procreate. Children were cherished in the territory, and it was the parents’ duty to ensure that they became well-adjusted and active residents. That was no small task. 
Life in Malm had many rules and customs that dated back to just after the collapse of Before. Residents were very proud of the world that they had built since then. It was what made them special, especially when compared to what they heard about other territories beyond the perimeter. Residents were not permitted to travel beyond the perimeter into the other territories without permission from the Office of Souls, but no one who Malcom knew had ever even wanted to. They were lawless, wild lands out there, no place for the civilized. 
The Office of Souls protected them from those places and bore that burden so the Residents were safe. So it seemed a small ask that the Residents obey the commands and orders of the Head Master. He had never let them down. Even thinking that thought made Malcom feel like a sheep. That blind acceptance was something he had always struggled with. 
"I was a chemist," Eve finally replied after what seemed like an uncomfortably long silence.
"A chemist? That sounds awfully important," Emily said with wide eyes.
Malcom wondered how the pairing of a farmer and a dancer ever came about, but it wasn't his place to question. Emily must originally have been from West End or one of the other inner ring towns. The mid-outer ring towns had little use for entertainment like the ballet. The people there worked the land hard and went to bed early.
Eve shrugged. "It was something I was good at. I even worked for Mabel Coffey for a while."
Malcom knew that chafed Eve most of all. Mabel Coffey produced all of the finer fragrances, colognes, and higher-end cosmetics in the territory, and given their reputation they were highly selective of the staff. Eve's appointment had been surprising, given how close she had been at the time to being eligible for marriage. Eve had asked to stay on after she and Malcom got engaged, but Mabel Coffey was a very traditional institution and well-connected to the Office of Souls. It wasn't unheard of for allowances to be made in other organizations, but it wasn't encouraged.
"We don't have need for fancy things in Outer Bijou," Mark said.
Malcom had almost forgotten that the perimeter couple was there. 
"Tabby was a nurse assistant before we married. Now that's a skill she can use with our children. The Office of Souls would do better to funnel women into occupations that have social benefit to their families once they enter their marriage years."
Malcom felt Eve stiffen beside him, and he could hardly blame her. This strange man was getting more offensive by the moment. He spoke with the fervor of a Traditionalist, and Malcom had little patience for Traditionalist ideals. While he felt many of the territory's rules made sense, there were more than a few that felt antiquated to him. 
He was just starting to say something to that effect when he felt Eve tug on his arm.
"Look," she said, nodding at the gate.
Two men stood on the other side. The younger one wore the white robes of an acolyte, but the older man with gleaming white hair on his head and on his face was wearing a majestic shade of purple. Malcom knew that he was standing in the presence of the Office of Souls’ Head Master, Supreme Ruler and Chief Justice of the territory of Malm. The appointed hour had arrived. 
BISHOP

Bishop knew something was wrong as soon as he stepped outside the garden. He had been around long enough that he could sense such things. He had the nose for it. Bishop could smell a shrub that needed to be pruned from the moment a leaf started to die. It didn't matter if it was halfway up the outer boundary on the far side of the garden. Once he knew it was there, it was just a matter of hunting the offending rot down.
He liked to think of himself as a topiary detective rather than a mere gardener. No one else could do what he did. Sometimes late at night when he couldn't sleep, he'd wonder if he had really ever had parents, or if the Office of Souls had grown him special just to tend their garden. The thought reminded him how much he didn’t know or understand about his employer, and that made him queasy.
He wasn’t the only oddity who lived on the compound grounds. Bishop took great care to stay clear of the creaky building on the far edge of the barracks. The Soulless Asylum wasn’t anywhere he had any desire to spend his time.
It was because of them that Bishop was uneasy today. He had been standing at the garden entrance less than five minutes when he saw movement at the edge of his vision. He was already nervous because he knew that the Chosen were about to be admitted inside the gates. He could almost feel the presence of the Head Master looming from the administration building.
So when he swung his head around and saw the two soulless approaching him he was surprised because they generally weren't allowed outside of the Asylum. He had seen the one a few times before, the one the acolytes called Marius. He'd heard the stories that this one was unusual, and had tested the boundaries of his captivity more than once. The other one, short and mottled with huge dark patches of skin that were unsightly even for a soulless, he didn't recognize.  He recognized those patches for what they were: rotten, decaying skin.  His fingers twitched around the pruning shears. It was instinct for him to want to cut that kind of thing away.
He thought that they would continue on to the path that led down to the barracks and eventually to the asylum, but they surprised him again by walking right up and standing in front of him.
"Hello, Bishop," the short one said.
Bishop blinked. How does he know my name?
"Is there something I can do for you fellas?" Bishop tried to maintain his composure. For once, he didn't want to be anywhere near the garden or the ceremony. He wanted to be back in the barracks under his bed. 
The short one laughed a deep belly laugh and then doubled over in a fit of giggles. Marius looked bored, but that was a regular expression for a soulless.
"We'd like to walk the garden, Bishop," the short one finally said once he had gotten his laughter under control. "Seems like a beautiful day for a walk."
"No one's allowed in the garden today. It's a Soul Distribution Day," Bishop said formally. He was trying to make his voice imposing like the Head Master's. "Even if it wasn't, the soulless aren't allowed to roam around the compound unattended."
"“Unattended,”" the short one chortled again. "We aren't unattended, are we, Marius?"
Marius stared at Bishop. Bishop was trying to resist the urge to squirm. 
"The Head Master is getting ready to let the Chosen in through the front gate. I heard their cars coming down the road. Y'all better git before he gets here, otherwise he's going to be mighty upset to find you here. Everyone else's been told to go to their quarters. You two better hop to it.”
Bishop couldn't believe he was trying to order around two soulless. Although Bishop's experience was limited, he knew that adult soulless usually did exactly what they were told. But neither one of these two made any movement towards leaving. Bishop knew that the Head Master would be there in just a few moments. He looked back towards the administrative building, but didn't see anyone outside.
"Go on, git!" he said louder as he gestured towards the barracks. For good measure he raised up the pruning shears to eye level and waved them around in what he hoped was a menacing gesture.
"Oh, Bishop. Good and faithful Bishop. So naïve," the short one shook his head condescendingly. "But don't worry. I can see your potential even if the Head Master doesn't. We may have use for you later."
Bishop started to respond when he felt a blinding bolt of pain bloom from the back of his head. He let out a short, pained cry and swung around. A young acolyte stood behind him with a shovel in his hands and a smirk on his face. He watched the shovel come down again as if in slow motion, and then felt another rough blow on the top of his skull that reverberated all the way down his spine. 
His world went black.
MARIUS

Marius looked down at the gardener's prone body lying at his feet. "Was that necessary?" he said.
Chim sighed. "You said you wanted a soul. I'm getting you one."
Marius looked at the acolyte who had delivered the violent whacks to the old gardener's head. The boy glowered at them. 
"Who's he?" Marius asked.
Chim started to respond when the acolyte cut him off. "You are looking at the future Head Master, you insolent soulless."
"We don't have time for your posturing, James," Chim said. "Quickly now. The old fool was right that the Head Master is going to be walking out those doors in less than five minutes. We need to be in position."
Marius and Chim followed as James dragged Bishop's body around the corner and into the garden. 
"Over here," the acolyte pointed. "I used that spell just like you said and unbound the safety net from this path."
Marius looked closer and saw that there was a small break in the shrubs that led to another path. But the way the shrubs had been grown together, you wouldn't know it was there unless you were looking for it. 
As soon as the gardener's body was out of sight from anyone coming through the entrance, Chim and the acolyte pulled off his clothes. The acolyte disrobed and quickly dressed in the gardener's outfit.
"You sure this is going to work?" Marius said. "He doesn't look like that man."
"Au contraire," Chim said. He murmured a few words under his breath.
Marius blinked. The gardener now stood where the acolyte had seconds before. He looked down at the gardener's body and back at the man standing before them. Then the man smirked. He had not known James long, but that smirk was familiar.
"Now get back out there and don't forget your prop," Chim said. "Remember, all's you have to do is make sure that once they go in, nobody but us gets out."
"And once I know the Head Master is dead, I can declare myself Head Master in his place and the other acolytes will bow to me?" the acolyte asked.
Chim nodded. "Once the Head Master is dead, you, James, will be Head Master of all."
"You swear?" James said with narrowed eyes.
"I swear," Chim said solemnly.
The acolyte hurried around the corner and out of the garden.
Marius turned to Chim. "The more people who know what we are doing, the more dangerous this becomes. What are you planning to do to the Head Master?"
"You worry about getting your soul, Marius. You leave the rest to me," Chim said as he started down the path.
Marius thought he heard the booming voice of the Head Master giving the opening remarks. They had definitely cut it close. But Chim was right; he was there for one thing. The only thing he needed to do was focus on getting his soul.
SAMUEL

As the Head Master started his introductory statement to the assembled Chosen's parents, Samuel did a quick head count and frowned. He consulted his journal and saw that, indeed, his observation was correct. They were missing one family, an unprecedented event. This was yet another odd occurrence on this odd day. Parents usually couldn't wait for their infants to get a soul. The Office of Souls receptionist fielded at least a few calls every day from anxious parents on the waiting list who wanted to know when their child's name would be Called.
At any given time, there were thirty to forty names on the waiting list. The Head Master said that they could never safely implant more than five souls at a time, and sometimes when the souls were Called for distribution, not enough would come. Since they had to make sure there were enough souls in the fountain before they could schedule a Soul Distribution Day, in those instances they had to hold multiple Calling rituals. This meant that they were always behind, and sometimes a couple had to wait longer than usual for their child to be Chosen.
Samuel knew that was the case with the outer perimeter couple that was in attendance today, the McMurrays. Their toddler was well above the standard implantation age, but Mark McMurray had assured them when the baby was born that given their experience with soulless infants and their gratitude to have been given three children, they would be willing to wait if necessary. The Head Master took that as permission to do exactly that, especially as the McMurrays had already submitted a request for a fourth child. The Head Master was always more lenient with Residents who reaffirmed their loyalty to the Light. 
There was nothing to do now other than wait for the Head Master to finish his remarks and see if the other couple arrived before Samuel opened the gate. The gate was unlocked only long enough to allow the Chosen and their parents' entrance, and then it was immediately locked again. If the missing family didn't show up before then, Samuel assumed that they would go back onto the waiting list, but maybe not. The Head Master was not one to forget such a slight. 
Samuel tuned back into the Head Master's commentary. He had heard it so many times before that he could repeat it at rote if he wanted too (which he didn't). He had been warned very early in his acolyte career that the Head Master chose his ceremonial words with great care, and repeating them in a different situation or context could bring about disastrous results.
"...the responsibility of taking care of a souled resident of the territory of Malm is not one to be embarked upon lightly. In a mere few hours, you will be returning to your homes and regular lives, but those lives are going to be changed forever. The Office of Souls takes great care to ensure that souls are implanted properly. It is a delicate process that puts both your infants and your own souls at great peril if the ceremony is not performed exactly to the letter as described in the Official Handbook of Soul Implantation Procedure I cannot stress this enough. If you have questions or concerns, you will have a few moments with Lead Acolyte Samuel to address them prior to entering the garden. Once in the garden you will not make any sound or speak to each other or Samuel. You will say out loud only those incantations that have been assigned to you. If you do not abide by these rules, you and your child will be removed from the ceremony and expelled from the garden. Do you understand?"
Samuel watched as the color drained from all of the parents’ faces except the McMurrays who were old hands at this. They all nodded.
The Head Master seemed satisfied. He clasped his hands together and smiled a tight smile. "Samuel will now process you and admit you to the compound. I trust you will heed everything that he tells you from this point forward. I will see you at the fountain." Then the Head Master spun on his heels, his grand robes flowing around him. He started to move away with a confident stride that belied the words he had said to Samuel only ten minutes before.
"Sir," Samuel whispered urgently to the Head Master as he passed.
The Head Master stopped next to him but didn't turn.
"One of the Chosen is missing," Samuel whispered softly. "Do we wait?"
"The fountain does not wait," the Head Master said softly. "Proceed." And he walked away, heading for the garden entrance.
Samuel had no idea what would happen. They had prepared for four, and now there were only three. But he had to trust that at some point before the Head Master had dealt with this situation and that he knew what to do. Samuel shook off the tiny tendril of doubt and stepped up to the gate.
He pulled a small key out of his sleeve, whispered the ancient prayer of safe passage, and then opened the gate. Mark McMurray stepped in front of the other two Chosen families with his wife and toddler close behind.
"I am Mark McMurray. I come to ask the Office of Souls and the Creator of all that is Good for the chance to put my child onto the path of the Light and ensoul him. He is Chosen."
The words were spoken with a reverent fervor. Although Samuel was a man of faith, men he encountered like Mark McMurray made even him wary.
"The Soul Garden recognizes you, Mark McMurray," Samuel said in return. "Who else pleads for your child's soul?"
"I do," Tabby McMurray said.
Samuel could barely hear her, but it was enough. He nodded. "Enter." He swept his hand into the courtyard and the McMurrays moved past him. He motioned to the next man in line. 
"I am Brian Deed," the man started. There was a short pause as Samuel watched him struggle to remember the next words. "I come to ask the Office of Souls and the Creator of all that is Good for the chance to put my child onto the path of the Light and ensoul her. She is Chosen." The last words were said in a rush as if he was afraid the words would escape him again.
"The Soul Garden recognizes you, Brian Deed. Who else pleads for your child's soul?"
The petite brunette standing behind Brian stepped forward, bouncing their daughter on her hip. "I do."
"Enter," Samuel said. There was only one family left. He waited for the man to approach him. Surprisingly, the man carried the infant. That was unusual; infant care was almost exclusively done by the mother. 
"I am Malcom Lowden. I come to ask the Office of Souls and the Creator of all that is Good for the chance to put my child onto the path of the Light and ensoul her. She is Chosen."
The words were spoken with a quiet confidence, and with the last three words Samuel saw Malcom smile down at the infant in his arms. He was surprised. He thought that it would be difficult to love a soulless one, even if you were the procreator.
"The Soul Garden recognizes you, Malcom Lowden. Who else pleads for your child's soul?"
There was a pause, and Samuel peered over the man's shoulder at the blond woman who was obviously the infant's mother. She looked completely out of it. That wasn't good. The words had to be said in perfect synchronicity and no extra words could be added. Samuel looked at Malcom, who turned and cleared his throat loudly. As the noise reached the woman she jumped, as if she had just remembered where she was. She hurried to Malcom's side.
"I do," she said a bit breathlessly.
Samuel almost sighed in relief. "Enter."
With the Lowdens past him, Samuel peered out into the parking lot just to ensure that the missing couple wasn't about to appear. The parking lot was empty. He shut the gate and relocked it, murmuring the prayer of the closed loop. Everything was still on plan, with the exception of the missing Chosen one. Samuel pulled out his journal and glanced at the page as he approached the small group waiting in the middle of the courtyard. Deed, Lowden, McMurray present and accounted for. The Chims were missing. Samuel closed his journal. That was that. No Chims and no fourth Chosen. He had no choice but to do as the Head Master had commanded and proceed.
EVE

Eve saw the handsome acolyte pause and consult his book before approaching the group again. She felt Malcom's hand on her arm.
"What happened back there?" he whispered.
"Shhhhhh," said Mark McMurray, glaring in Malcom's direction. 
Once inside the compound they weren't supposed to speak. Malcom knew that. Before he could say anything else, Eve shrugged and shook her head. She wasn't sure she could explain the feeling that had been growing inside of her ever since they had arrived outside the compound. She was grateful for the required silence because that meant she didn't have to try. She could see that Malcom was annoyed, but this time he held his tongue.
The acolyte, Samuel, drew up to them and stood looking behind them. Eve had taken note of the tall shrubs that signaled they were looking at an outside wall of the Soul Garden. She wondered again at the size of the place. Even though the Office of Souls had the garden ensconced behind a wall of stone, they still took care to grow shrubbery high and dense around it. Someone wanted to make very certain that nobody got into the garden.
They were standing in the middle of a large courtyard on top of the emblem that represented the Office of Souls. It had two hands that looked as if they were moving to join each other through a misty fog that Eve knew was the artist's interpretation of a soul. At the bottom of the seal was the fountain, and it looked like the misty presence was rising up from the fountain's top. Eve wondered if that was what they were about to see today.
There were four pathways leading out of the courtyard. Eve was facing the one that led back to the gate they had just entered. The one on her left looked as if it went down to a group of smaller nondescript buildings that were long and narrow; likely these were residence halls. Eve had stayed in similar looking buildings during her collegiate days.
The other two pathways were far more interesting. Eve turned around, facing away from the gate. This was the pathway that led to the main administration offices. Although the main building was likely several hundred yards away, it glowed with the same iridescent quality as the boundary walls. She could see tall columns spaced out along the front and a wide patio that graced the second floor. It looked like a plantation house from the few picture books that remained from Before. But even from this distance there was something about the building that felt cold. It wasn't the least bit inviting, and Eve thought that would probably please the Head Master. 
Eve knew what it felt like care for someone who you could barely tolerate, and she felt that many of the servants of the Office of Light felt the same way about Malm’s Residents. They looked after the Residents like one looked after an ugly pet. You didn't want it to die, but you didn't want it cuddling up to you at night, either.
Now Eve turned to her left. She had saved the best—or worst, depending on your perspective—for last. About fifty feet away from where they stood, there was a wide opening in the tall shrubbery. Through it, Eve could see a wide, well-trodden path that led deeper into the garden. According to the Official Handbook of Soul Implantation Procedure, the path weaved through a maze until it finally reached its destination: the courtyard of the Fountain of Souls.
Eve studied the entrance carefully, and then frowned. The handbook was extremely specific about every minute detail when it came to what a Resident would encounter on Soul Distribution Day, right down a recommended number of hours to sleep leading up the day as well as meals and mediations that were supposed to increase you and your infant's attractiveness to the souls that had been Called. The handbook outlined the timeline once you arrived at the compound as well the roles of each of the participant and the incantations that had to be delivered at the right time to ensure a flawless ceremony.
In all of that detail there had never been mention of a person standing at the entrance to the garden. Eve looked at Malcom to see if he had noticed, but Malcom was still listening intently to Samuel.
Eve peered more closely. The man's age was hard to determine. His hair was black with startling streaks of white throughout, but his face appeared unlined. He was dressed in bib overalls and his skin was tanned from many days out in the sun. In one of his hands, he held what looked like a large pair of pruning shears. The man looked up at the sun and seemed to shift uncomfortably. 
On any other day, Eve would have assumed the man was a gardener, but today there was something about him that was...menacing. If Eve hadn’t known better, she would have said that the man was guarding the entrance. But that would be silly. First of all, who in their right mind would want to go into the garden, and secondly, for what purpose? It was a large creepy place that led to the most mysterious monument in the whole of the territory.
She heard a throat clear again and realized that everyone in the group was looking at her. The acolyte looked pained and Malcom wore an expression of dismay. He bounced Cameron in front of him, and Eve racked her brain to remember where they were in the ceremony. She had studied the handbook night and day for the last six months. She knew she should know this stuff cold.
Eve closed her eyes as she clutched the handbook closer to her chest, willing it to tell her where they were. One wrong word and she would cost Cameron her soul. They had received the opening remarks. They had gone through the gate incantation. They were in the courtyard. The Lead Acolyte would ask if anyone had any questions before they would be escorted into the garden.
Eve's eyes flew open. As the last ones to enter, she and Malcom had first rights to ask a question. Each Chosen's parents had the right to ask one clarifying question in the event that the handbook had left out some critical detail. Given the complexity of the handbook, Eve thought many questions had been asked over the years, and the handbook had been enhanced to such a degree that the prescribed Q&A was little more than a formality. But today didn't seem like a normal day. 
The words tumbled out before she could think to stop them, "Who is that man by the entrance to the garden?"
Eve heard small gasps from the others around her, and the acolyte looked at her through narrowed eyes. She saw him flush around the collar of his cassock. There was something going on.
"That is Bishop, the gardener," he said.
Eve started to ask for more information, but saw the warning in Malcom's eyes and caught herself. Each couple was allowed one question and custom dictated that usually it was the father who spoke. She knew she should be proud that he had been obviously paying closer attention to the ceremonial formalities than she gave him credit. Eve looked at the other two couples. Emily was staring at her with her mouth open. Eve felt herself blush under the scrutiny. She had been merely curious. The other two men murmured quick declines when Samuel asked if they had any questions. 
Eve felt Malcom's hand on her arm. He tugged her off the side and she could tell that he was angry. He made one quick gesture. He swiped a hand across his neck and cupped it over his mouth. Then he stared hard at her. Cut it out. Keep quiet.
Eve didn't know what was going on with her, but the seriousness of the situation, now that it had arrived, was not lost on her. She looked at her daughter and then up into her husband's eyes and felt ashamed. She nodded and hung her head.
Suddenly Malcom's hand was under her chin and she was looking into his eyes again. She saw that they had softened, and she felt tears in the corners of her eyes. She grabbed his hand and pulled it against her cheek. Then she stepped close to him. She put her hand on Cameron's head and took a deep breath. It was time.
SAMUEL

The Lowden woman had thrown him off balance. Samuel wasn't used to parents being distracted during the ceremony. And they hadn't even gotten to the really important stuff yet. As if there weren't enough signs pointing to the fact that today's ceremony was out of the ordinary.
He had gone through all of the ceremonial activities that were required here in the courtyard. He had asked for the questions, and surprisingly had one. Samuel knew he shouldn't have been surprised. With the level of detail in the handbook, Bishop's presence would be a glaring omission from an otherwise exhaustive list of everything that a Resident could possibly experience throughout the afternoon.
The Head Master had always said that the more information that was given to the Residents, the more comfortable they'd feel with the rather unorthodox procedure, and therefore the fewer questions they would have. Samuel had long wondered if the purpose was to overwhelm the Residents with so much information that they wouldn’t even know what to ask, thus ensuring the Office of Souls didn't get questions that they didn't want to answer.
As the time stretched into several minutes, the couples in front of him were starting to glance at him with questions in their eyes. According to the ceremonial rules, they weren’t allowed to speak once they entered the compound grounds for fear of expulsion (no doubt another benign rule created to reduce the possibility of uncomfortable questions). He couldn't dally any longer, although the very last thing that Samuel wanted to do at that point was enter the garden itself. He was afraid of what he might find there.
He cleared his throat to ensure he had their attention, although they were already all watching him carefully. "Parents, Chosen, the time is upon us to enter the garden. Follow me and stay close together. If you get lost in the garden, you could be lost forever." With that ominous warning, he stepped towards the garden entrance.
As soon as he was within ten feet of Bishop, he sensed the wrongness in the air. He couldn't tell where it was coming from, and because the ceremony had started he couldn't ask Bishop if he had seen or heard anything amiss.
As he passed the gardener, he saw the man's eyes shift away from him and past the crowd out in the distance. He desperately wanted Bishop to meet his gaze but the man wouldn’t look at him, no doubt still annoyed after their earlier interaction. He had to continue forward.
The group was close behind him, and he could feel the electricity in the air the moment he crossed beyond the boundary into the garden. It was a feeling that he sensed every time he was inside. There was something alien in the garden, something that didn't belong here on this plane of existence. 
Samuel knew what it was. It was the unenbodied souls that they called forth for distribution. The souls resided in the fountain's waters until they were placed within the Chosen. The location of the souls when they weren't in the fountain was a secret known only to the Head Master. Once the preparations began and the Calling was complete, the souls were simply there. And in between the distribution days, the fountain was empty.
Samuel remembered the day he had been dispatched to the garden to stop the fountain from being compromised. He knew how close they had come; Bishop's foot had been within inches of the water's surface. And if Samuel had ever doubted the souls within the waters could be dangerous, those doubts evaporated the moment that thing rose from the pond's surface. 
He shook off the memory. That wasn't where he needed to be focused. He heard a short cry from one of the Chosen. He was tempted to turn and give the family a stern look, but he heard a quick and urgent “Shhh!” and knew that the parents were trying to stay within the guidelines.
He heard a rustling to his left. He drew up short and felt the others stop behind him. He knew their first inclination would be to ask a question, but of course that was forbidden, and once again he was grateful. The shrub wall was tall and thick, but Samuel had been walking the garden's pathways for years. He knew that, although they couldn't see it, there was a parallel path on the other side of the wall. If he hadn’t known better, he would have said that someone was moving along that path with them. Tracking them. But with the safety net in place, nothing malevolent could enter the garden. Samuel turned his attention back to the group behind him and continued on.
MALCOM

Malcom handed Cameron to Eve just before they entered the garden. He saw the gardener hanging around by the entrance and didn't know what to think of him. Eve had spent the last six months absorbing everything there was to know about what was going to happen today. He knew that her question had not been frivolous. His wife was never frivolous. The man's presence wasn't normal.
Although he wanted to ask Eve about it, he knew that the last thing he could do was speak again before the conclusion of the ceremony. That would be disastrous. So he held his tongue and kept his family close to him as they started down the garden path.
As they walked, the acolyte Samuel told them the story of the garden's beginning. Although he had read the story in the handbook, there was something soothing about Samuel's voice. 
"Many years ago, after the end of Before and before any civilization had been re-established in what would become the territory of Malm, a small group of nomads found a pool of water standing alone in the midst of a great field. The pool was unusually colored for a normal body of water, and the nomads settled beside it to study it. No one dared drink from the water lest something horrible would happen," Samuel said.
"Then one day, one of the women who had been heavily pregnant when the nomads arrived went into labor. The ordeal was long and terrible, and when it was over she was exhausted.  Then, as today, and as it has been since the end of Before: a birth meant that another soulless entered the world, our punishment for the wicked deeds of mankind in Before. Because she didn't have the strength to travel to another nearby pool, she took the infant to this strange pool to rinse off the afterbirth. This became the first Soul Distribution Day. You see, the woman had prayed to the Light above to save her child and ensoul it. When she rinsed the baby, she realized that where once there had been an ugly mottled face, now there was the face of a cherub. Through the mother's strong faith in the Light, the Creator had been granted her baby a soul. The word spread far and wide, and soon many mothers were bringing their babies to the pool to be ensouled. It didn't long before the pool turned white and no more babies were granted souls. A short time later, a wise man appeared in the settlement that had grown up around the pool. He claimed to know why the babies were no longer being granted souls. The Light above had spoken to him."
The acolyte stopped and turned around. The crowd drew up to him.
"That wise man was the man you met in the courtyard—our very own Head Master. Under his orders, a fountain was built on top of the pool, and after he spoke the ancient spells, souls appeared in the fountain again. And with his guidance, those souls were safely implanted into waiting infants. It has been so ever since then, and you and your children join a long lineage of Chosen who have been honored with a soul."
Malcolm looked at Eve. She was bouncing Cameron absentmindedly. Clearly she was absorbed in the story. As Malcom looked around the small circle, he could see that she was not the only one. They had arrived at a small opening in the shrub walls that seemed to shimmer in the late afternoon sun. Although the opening was unobstructed, he couldn't see beyond it. They had arrived at the courtyard.
"You are here today because your infants have been Chosen. You may decline and leave at any time that you wish. But if you continue forward into the courtyard, there is no going back. And the soul that chooses your child is the soul he or she will receive. What you have done to prepare for this point will determine which soul picks you. We have no control over this, and the Office of Souls bears no responsibility. If you accept this, step forward toward your future and speak."
Mark and Tabby went first again. They both loudly proclaimed their agreement. Then they stepped past Samuel and seemed to disappear. Brian and Emily were next. They were gone moments later.
Malcom looked at Eve and saw serene acceptance in her face. He took her hand and felt relieved when she squeezed it. He took Cameron from her arms, and then they stepped forward as one.
"The time has come. We agree," they said together.
At Samuel's nod they stepped forward into the courtyard of the Fountain of Souls.
MARIUS

Marius and Chim followed the small group from the other side of the shrub wall. He listened to the story of how the Fountain of Souls came to be and frowned. He may not have been able to read, but that didn’t look like the pictures in the book that he had stolen from the library.
Chim was almost skipping, and wore a small smile that made it look like he was hiding a secret. As they progressed further and further into the garden, the sky above them became more overcast. As badly as he wanted a soul, Marius was starting to feel uncomfortable.
Just as their path came to a solid wall that required them to turn left and head back away from the center, they heard the group on the other side stop. Chim’s face lit up and Marius wondered what the little man knew that he didn’t. He had a rolling feeling in his stomach that normally he would attribute to hunger, but this felt like someone had grabbed inside of him and was clenching it in their fist. He felt short of breath.
Chim whacked him on the arm and made a gesture at him. He pointed to the wall and mouthed courtyard, then motioned for Marius to give him the book. Marius took the book out of his coat and handed it to him. Chim knelt down on the ground and motioned for Marius to do the same.
So the parents and their soulless children were just on the other side of the wall. Marius could hardly wait to see the fountain in person. Perhaps Chim had been right and this thing that he felt was excitement. The pictures in the book made the fountain look huge and slightly menacing, but it was the beacon of his salvation. 
Chim placed the book on the ground and flipped through it impatiently until he stopped on a page. His face lit up and he started nodding, engrossed in the words. 
The page had no pictures on it, so Marius had no idea what Chim was so excited about. Chim smoothed the pages down, and then reached out to Marius with his palms facing up. It was time to begin.
Chim had been very clear in his instructions to Marius before they entered the garden. He needed to be completely silent, because the ceremony going on in the courtyard was going to be distracting enough. Chim was going to cast a spell that would allow them to safely enter the courtyard without worrying about any interference from the Head Master. Chim had also said that the spell would attract the souls to them, before the Chosen.
Marius was skeptical. How could Chim’s magic be stronger than the Head Master’s? But Chim seemed confident, so Marius had no choice but to trust him.
Chim nodded to him. Marius held out his hands and laid them palms down on top of Chim’s. Immediately he felt a tingle of electricity. Chim’s eyes were already closed, and he was muttering words that Marius had never heard before.
On the other side of the shrub, Marius could hear the booming voice of the Head Master. Again he heard words that seemed strange and alien. The clouds above were starting to swirl, and Marius saw a crackle of lightening illuminating the clouds from behind. 
Fear. That was what was seizing his chest. Marius was afraid. There was something very wrong with what they were doing. In the back of his mind, he had thought Chim’s allegations were the blustering of an old, bitter soulless. But now there was energy flowing all around them, and it felt strong, powerful, and wholly alien.
Then Chim’s eyes flew open and his hands grasped Marius’s hands in an ironclad grip. Marius instinctively tried to pull away, but couldn’t. Chim’s fingers bit into his flesh and Marius had to bite his lip to keep from screaming. This wasn’t how Chim said things were going to go.
Chim’s red eyes glowed and his smile turned cruel. His words got louder so that Marius could still hear them over the whistling of the wind that had started to whip through the maze. 
Marius almost doubled over as he felt a ripping pain in his chest, and this time he couldn’t hold the scream that pushed past his lips. He heard similar cries from the courtyard.
Was this what it felt like to become ensouled? There had never been any mention of pain, especially one that felt like a white scorching heat burning him from the inside out. Marius felt like he was about to explode, and Chim didn’t look like he was going to help him. In fact, it looked like Chim was waiting now. He wore a smile of satisfaction.
Marius felt something crawl from the heat inside his stomach up through his rib cage. It was something that didn’t belong inside of him. This couldn't be what it felt like to have a soul.
“No,” he croaked, shaking his head. “No. I don’t want this.”
“It’s too late, Marius,” Chim whispered. “I wasn’t lying when I said that I had been waiting for you for a long time. You will be great. You will be the key to my domination of this place. Life as these pathetic beings know it is about to end.”
The thing slithering inside Marius was now wriggling into his brain. He knew he had made a terrible mistake. And if what Chim said was true, his world was going to pay for it.
SAMUEL

When Samuel stepped into the courtyard after the Lowdens, he saw the Head Master sitting on the edge of the fountain. The parents gathered at the edge of the gravel that surrounded the base, and they looked at Samuel for guidance. He motioned for them to spread out in a half circle facing the Head Master.
This was wrong. In every other ceremony he had attended, the Head Master was always standing in front of the fountain waiting for them, and he would guide the parents into their designated spots. 
But now the Head Master still had not gotten up or even looked in their direction. Samuel stepped closer and carefully put his hand on the Head Master’s arm, even though he knew that touch was forbidden. Better to risk punishment from the Head Master later for a small offense than let the ceremony completely derail. He knew that the parents would suspect something was amiss; the McMurrays for sure because they had done this before, and the others because this deviated from the diagram included in the handbook.
The Head Master’s face swung towards him and Samuel let out a small gasp. If the man had looked old before, he looked ancient now. His face had aged by at least twenty years. His skin hung loosely from bones that poked out at his temples and cheeks. His normally clear blue eyes looked rheumy and were covered in film.
Samuel started to shrink back when the Head Master grabbed his hand. His grip was surprisingly strong. The Head Master stood up to his full height using Samuel’s arm as a lever, and then pushed past him. As he turned to the parents, Samuel heard the feathery whisper reach his ear.
“I will do what I can. The rest is up to you.”
The Head Master raised his arms to the heavens. Samuel watched the clouds swirl as if in response. He pulled the soul charms from his pocket as the Head Master closed his eyes and started the ceremonial chant. Samuel made his way to each of the three couples.
The soul charms were crystals about the size of a marble that hung on black leather cords. The acolytes mined the crystals from a cave on the outskirts of the compound, and then the Head Master imbued them with a kind of homing beacon that guided the souls from the fountain and into the Chosen. Samuel gently put the necklace over the head of the McMurray toddler, who was standing in front of his father.
“May your soul grant you health and a long life in service of the Light,” Samuel said. Then he moved to the Deeds. He repeated the prayer over the Deed girl. Finally, he moved to the Lowdens.
The mother was staring at him with a panicked expression. He tried to ignore the Head Master’s words, but he knew that something was terribly wrong. He quickly repeated the prayer over the Lowden girl and then stepped back. A flash of lightning had them all looking at the sky.
A storm was definitely approaching. Samuel had never seen anything but sunny skies on a Soul Distribution Day. It was as if nature knew that something bad was coming too. The Head Master’s chanting grew more urgent, and Samuel realized that he wasn’t saying the regular chant at all. A cold fear shot through his body.
“Protector of the Light, hear our plea! As evil looms before us, we, your children will follow the path of Light. We will not be tempted by the call of the flesh. We will stand firm in your principles. Grant us safety from this unholy peril.”
The Head Master is casting a protection spell. He felt the hairs on the back of his neck raise, and, as if they sensed the danger too, the Chosen all started to cry in unison. Suddenly Samuel heard a screech of pain that sounded like it was coming from just over the courtyard wall. His gaze locked with Malcom Lowden’s, and he watched the man’s eyes widen in fear as he looked behind Samuel at the fountain.
Samuel was about to turn when he saw an orange and yellow flicker and smoke burst from the wall of the courtyard behind the parents. And then the wall disintegrated before his eyes. The people in front of him went flailing to the ground, and a shock of warm air hit him full force, making his eyes water. He stumbled backwards but didn't go down.
Two soulless stepped into the courtyard; an old one whose skin was rotting away in places was leading the one Samuel himself had named Marius. But Marius didn’t look like Marius anymore. A red pulsating light was emanating from the orifices of his face, and his shirt hung open, exposing a red light that Samuel could see shining through the skin of his chest.
Then the clouds opened and the rain began to pour down.
MALCOM

Everything seemed to go wrong all at the same time. Malcom had been uneasy from the moment he stepped into the courtyard and saw the Head Master seated on the fountain. Eve touched his arm, but he had patted her hand absently. From that point forward, it seemed like time became disjointed.
When the Head Master stood to begin the ceremony, Malcom’s skin crawled when he saw the man’s face. He was well aware that magic was involved in all of the things that happened under the Office of Souls purview, but whatever the man had been dabbling in was clearly going awry. Malcom wanted to take Cameron and run. As the list of things that weren't supposed to happen grew longer, it was obvious things were out of control. But he didn’t know what else to do, especially if there was a chance that Cameron could still end up with a soul.
He barely heard the Head Master’s words as the acolyte distributed the soul charms. For a moment he thought that he had been overreacting, regardless of the strange weather, the deviation from procedure, and the Head Master's strange behavior. Then Cameron began to cry and flail in his arms, and he heard a scream from somewhere behind him.
If he hadn’t already been looking in the direction of the fountain, he probably would have turned around to see what was happening, damn the protocol, but then he saw the water in the pool at the fountain’s base begin to change color. He saw flecks of white dance in between flickers of red. It was the same color of red as blood. He glanced over at Eve and saw her mouth fall open. She saw it too.
Then a blanket of heat hit Malcom’s back along with a tidal wave of pressure that shoved him forward. He rolled in midair, and swung Cameron to the side so that he didn’t land on her when he connected with the ground. He heard her cry join a chorus of grunts and groans coming from the rest of the group. He landed on his back and staring up at the sky as the rain seemed to materialize out of nowhere. Instantly, he was soaked.
Suddenly he heard an excited, high-pitched voice break through the din.
“Surprise!”
Malcom pushed to his knees. Through the dripping water in his eyes, he saw what looked like two soulless adults approaching the Head Master. They had the red eyes and the gray skin of the soulless, but that was where any similarities ended. The small one, who wore an expression that reminded Malcom of a kid about to get his favorite toy in the whole world, looked more demon than human. His short fingers were chubby and his nails were long and pointed at the ends. His ears were pointed and his skin was dark in many places. The younger soulless had a pained expression on his face, and glowed red all over. Then Malcom realized that the red light was coming from inside him.
Malcom had no idea what the interruption meant, other than he and his family were in the wrong place at the wrong time. He felt a grip on his shoulder and felt a strong yank pull him forward to the side of the fountain. Samuel was crouched low next to the fountain and made a gesture for Malcom to be quiet. In Malcolm's arms, Cameron started to howl louder. 
Malcom looked around for Eve. It was hard to see in the rain, but then his eyes finally found her. She was lying face down just a few feet from the clawed toes of the small soulless. When the blast had send him and Cameron flying to the right, closer to Samuel and the fountain’s base, it must have sent Eve to the left, putting her almost directly in the path of the intruders. If it wasn’t for Samuel bearing down hard on his shoulder, Malcom would have tried to get to her. She wasn’t moving. 
“What’s the matter? Fountain got your tongue, Head Master?” the small soulless poked.
“Renauld,” the Head Master said gravely. “I thought I banished you the ends of the world.”
“Oh, you did,” the one called Renald snarled. “I did a lot of walking, and I needed a little help getting back. That's what took me so long. They don't call me Renauld anymore, either. These days you can just call me Chim. You didn’t think you’d get rid of me that easily, did you? I learned quite a lot of interesting things along the way too.”
“You were wrong to come back here, Renauld,” the Head Master said.
Malcom was having a hard time trying to track the conversation. All he could think about was Eve. She still wasn’t moving. He tried to shrug off Samuel’s hand, but he couldn’t. The acolyte was stronger than he looked.
“You can’t help her now. You have to stay here,” Samuel murmured.
“What are we supposed to do?” Malcom hissed.
“Trust in the strength and wisdom of the Head Master,” Samuel said. “And pray to the Light.”
With that in mind, Malcom thought for certain they were going to die.
SAMUEL

Samuel’s mind was racing. The only things he could think to do was try to keep clear of the confrontation unfolding in front of them, and hope that the Head Master knew what to do. When the parents and Chosen went down, Malcom Lowden and his daughter landed just a few feet away from him. He didn’t even think as he grabbed them and pulled them around the base of the fountain with him. He could tell by the wild look in the man’s eyes that he wanted to go after his wife, but given her proximity to this unknown but powerful soulless, it was too dangerous.
Samuel was trying to take in every word of the exchange between the Head Master and Renauld. He was having a hard time believing that the soulless standing in front of him could possibly be the same Renauld from the legend, but it seemed like he was. When the soulless said that his adopted name was Chim, Samuel knew that a very elaborate trap was closing around them. Chim had been the fourth name on the list; the missing Chosen had arrived after all.
The acolytes learned about, but rarely spoke of, the darker side of the story surrounding the history of the fountain. The first ensouled baby, the one whose mother discovered the soul pool, pledged his life to service and became the Head Master's first acolyte. That acolyte’s name was Renauld.
Renauld had an uneasy relationship with the Head Master. The legend said that Renauld had often thought, since he had the revered status of being the first ensouled human in the territory since Before, that he should be the rightful leader of the newly-formed Office of Souls. But on the day of the vote, the majority of the nomads, who from then on were called Residents, cast their votes for the Head Master.
A short time later there was a rash of violent soul extractions that left the Residents terrified and clamoring for an answer from the Office of Souls. After a secret investigation, a shocking discovery came to light. Renauld's envy had led him down a dark path. He had turned to the service of the Darkness, and was extracting souls to sacrifice to the Dark One, hoping to become powerful enough to overthrow the Head Master.
The difference between Renauld’s extractions and those the Office of Souls administered as punishment was that the bodies of those Renauld left soulless became violent. To satiate their never ending hunger, those soulless were drawn to living flesh and attacked Residents at will to eat them. Dealings with the Darkness were dirty business, and once he was caught, Renauld was banished beyond the perimeter, to the ends of the world. He also lost his soul.
“I came to take back what is owed me, Lairus, and a whole lot more,” Renauld sneered.
Samuel started at hearing the Head Master’s given name spoken out loud. No one was allowed to call him by it. It was forbidden, as it was said that names held power that could be used over you as a means of control.
“Whatever your intentions, you will not succeed,” the Head Master said firmly.
“I already have.” Renauld giggled. “Behold, Larius, I have discovered the Soul Vessel.” He patted Marius’s arm.
Samuel strained to see through the heavy rain, but he thought he saw the Head Master stumble.
“An abomination!” the Head Master hissed.
Then Samuel heard the whispered voices in the fountain begin to hum. The red light in the water flickered slowly, and then started to pulse in time to the light inside of Marius.
He racked his mind, turning over the histories trying to understand what was happening. A Soul Vessel. What did that mean? Whatever it was, it caused the Head Master’s voice to shake.
“The Soul Vessel was a myth. There was never any such creature created in the history of the world,” the Head Master said.
“Until now,” Renauld said with a sly smile. “And it was right here under your nose the whole time. What irony.”
Samuel watched in alarm as the water in the fountain began to spin. It was slow at first, but then it gained momentum. The souls inside seemed to be communing with the light inside Marius. And then the water leapt into the air and burst, something that Samuel had watched hundreds of times. The fountain was releasing its souls, but this time, instead of entering the Chosen, all four shot straight into Marius’s chest. The man’s eyes bulged and his lips started to quiver, then an unholy yell escaped him that made both Samuel and Malcom cover their ears.
“Those do not belong to him!” the Head Master shouted.
“We’re going to take them anyways,” Renauld said. Then his head swung to Marius. “Marius, don’t forget those too.” He pointed at Malcom’s wife, and the two other families on the other side of the fountain.
Marius’s mouth shut. He didn’t look around at all. He simply raised his arms in both directions, and Samuel watched in horror as five souls were ripped in unison from the bodies of the parents of the Chosen. Malcom cried out and tried to jump up but Samuel held him firmly.
Marius opened his mouth and the souls slipped right in between his lips. He didn't make any noise this time. The red pulsing in his chest sped up like an evil heartbeat.
“Now for the rest,” Renauld said.
But just as he stepped forward, raising his hand in Samuel and Malcom's direction, the Head Master shot his hands straight into the air and called out to the heavens. “Light give me strength!”
Samuel was blinded by a dazzling white light that lit up the clouds and then slammed down into the ground in between Renauld and the Head Master. Renauld screamed and drew back, pulling Marius with him.
“You will never have control of this fountain or this place!” the Head Master said. But then Samuel watched as the Head Master's body started to shake, as if he was losing control. The streak of light wavered, and then pulled back and through the Head Master before encountering the fountain. Samuel felt the pressure crackle in the air all around him, and then the world exploded.
MALCOM

Malcom slipped back into consciousness when he felt a tug on his ear. He struggled to remember where he was; he remembered the garden, the confrontation, and the blinding ball of light.
He felt the tug again, and raised his head, which was throbbing. He looked up into clear blue eyes that he would have known to be Eve’s eyes, but they were set in the face of a tiny angel with beautiful blond hair.
“Dadda,” the angel said.
Malcom felt his chest constrict. “Cameron?”
He slowly moved to his knees and shook off the debris of the fountain that seemed to be all around him. He reached up to touch his face and his hand came away bloody. His clothes were blackened and had holes in places.
But his daughter sat on the ground in front of him, unscathed. Her skin was clear and glowing, and every piece of her wavy blond hair was in place. As soon as she saw that he was up, she reached out for him. “Dadda!”
He was stunned. He slowly took her into his arms. Her breath was hot against his cheek, and her body was warm. He looked around them. The massive fountain that had stood there for a hundred years was no more. It had been blown to smithereens. He heard soft singing and searched for the source. 
The rain was now only a light drizzle, and it took a moment for his eyes to fully adjust to the darkness that had descended upon them. Then he saw Samuel kneeling over the body of the Head Master. Samuel’s head was bent and he was rocking back and forth singing a hymn that Malcom remembered from his mother singing it to him when he was little. It was called “Triumph of the Light.”
He looked for Eve, but the three of them appeared to be alone in the courtyard. He slowly made his way to Samuel. He winced when he saw the condition of the Head Master’s body. The whole upper torso had been seared, and he could smell the awful aroma of burnt flesh. He kept Cameron’s face turned away.
“I don’t understand what the hell happened here,” he said to Samuel. “Do you?”
Samuel half-turned his face towards him. “Life as we know it has ended.”
Then Malcom heard screams in the distance. “What’s happening?”
“Renauld and his servants have reached the barracks,” Samuel said without any emotion in his voice. “May the Light have mercy on their souls.”
“We have to do something!” Malcom said.
Samuel nodded. “We do. We need to survive. We need to protect the gift that the Head Master gave to us.”
“What gift?” Malcom said. “My wife is missing. The world has gone crazy. And it looks like the Head Master was at the heart of all of it.”
“The Head Master kept us safe for more than a hundred years,” Samuel said. “He protected us from evil men like Renauld. But evil is clever, and it waits patiently for us to become lenient. That was what the Head Master tried to tell me. I should have listened better.”
“I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about,” Malcom said.
“Dadda,” Cameron said, tugging on his ear again.
“How did Cameron get a soul?” Malcom asked. “That man took all the souls in the fountain.”
“All but one,” Samuel said quietly. He closed the Head Master’s eyes and then stood. “Earlier the Head Master told me what he was going to do, but hid the knowledge in a spell that only would be lifted upon his death. He couldn't tell me and risk that I would do something that would compromise what he had to do. He needed to draw out the evil so that I would know what demon we faced and so I could bear witness. Before the ceremony started, he cast a very rare spell. It required precious strength that he could ill afford to waste, but he had no choice. The spell called upon the Creator to send him a very special soul. The soul of the Champion. The one we will need as our world falls into darkness. She will be the only one who can lead us out.”
Malcom’s head was spinning. “Are you trying to tell me that you think my daughter is someone you are going to try to use in your dispute with that demon?”
“Malcom, this isn’t just my dispute. It’s everyone’s. Even now, with every soul that Renauld extracts, he is creating a creature who desires only the flesh. Our world is very soon going to be filled with monsters, and that is only part of it. We still don't know exactly what Renauld plans to do with his army of walking dead. Your daughter is our only hope.”
“You can go fly a kite. I am leaving and my daughter is coming with me. Now, I’m going to find my wife and we are going home. I’ll leave it to you and your precious Office of Souls to clean up your own mess.” Malcom turned and headed back towards the path by which they had entered.
He had only gone about twenty feet when he saw a man running toward them. It was the same man he had seen at the entrance to the garden, except now he had blood running down his face.
“You don’t want to go that way!” the man said as he passed Malcom.
The man skidded to a halt at the edge of the courtyard. “By all the Light that is good and merciful. It’s gone,” he moaned.
Malcom knew exactly how he felt.
SAMUEL

Samuel knew they didn’t have much time. He strode to Bishop’s side. The man had a dazed look on his face as he took in looked what was left of the fountain.
“Bishop, what’s going on in the compound outside the garden?” 
“It’s horrible,” Bishop whispered as tears joined the blood on his face. “I was attacked by one of the acolytes. He knocked me out with a shovel. When I woke up in the garden all's I heard was screaming. I found a tiny hole in the shrub wall and I saw acolytes trying to eat other acolytes. That soulless Marius is tearing souls out of other acolytes. The small soulless with him seems to be telling him what to do. I've read about things in Before called war zones. What's going on outside the garden; that's what I think one of those would look like.”
Samuel peered over Bishop’s shoulder and saw Malcom standing there looking at his daughter. He couldn’t let the girl out of his sight, but he had to convince Malcom to stay with him long enough to make him understand. And the pandemonium outside should be enough.
“I know another way out of the garden,” he called to Malcom. “It's a secret passageway that was known only to me and the Head Master. We will be able to escape. I know of a safe place where we can go.”
“There’s not going to be a safe place anymore,” Bishop said, shaking his head.
“It'll be safe enough for now,” Samuel said. “Safe enough for you and your daughter. Away from the monsters that Renauld is creating. What do you say, Malcom?”
He saw Malcom look down at his daughter again. The baby was breathtakingly beautiful. Samuel knew that her soul was the purest soul that had ever been called to the fountain. It was the soul of a protector.
“I will go with you for now. To avoid putting Cameron in anymore danger,” Malcom finally said. “But as soon as things calm down, I need to try to find my wife.”
Samuel didn’t have the heart to tell him that if he did ever find his wife, it would be a very unhappy reunion. Now wasn’t the time. He had to do as the Head Master asked and hold the line of Light against the Darkness. A war had been declared.
“Good. Follow me,” he said. 

####


Continue the Twisted Souls series in the second installment: Twisted Souls (Twisted Souls #2) by clicking HERE.

Never miss one of Cege’s new releases by signing up to be notified with an email right to your inbox: click HERE.


Note from the Author
Thank you so much for taking the time to read about events of Soul Implantation Day 3675! If you enjoyed The Soul Ripper (Twisted Souls #1) please consider leaving a review and sharing your thoughts. I'd also love to hear what you liked (and what you didn't!) if you'd like to drop me a line at cege@cegesmith.com. As always, thank you for your support.

About Cege Smith

Cege Smith is a Minnesota based writer who is addicted to lattes and B-rated horror films.  She had been crafting spooky stories since she was twelve years old.   She lives with her husband, two adorable stepsons, and mini long-hair dachshund, Juliet in the suburbs of Minneapolis.

Twitter: http://twitter.com/cegesmith
Facebook: http://facebook.com/cegesmith
Cege's blog: http://www.cegesmith.com


Discover other titles by Cege Smith:
Twisted Souls (Twisted Souls #2)
Soul Cycle (Twisted Souls #3)
A Soul to Settle (Twisted Souls #4)
Edge of Shadows (Shadows #1)
Shadows Deep (Shadows #2)
Veiled Shadows (Shadows #3)
 Heiress of Lies (Bloodtruth #1)
The Queen's Betrayal (Bloodtruth #2)
Trials of Truth (Bloodtruth #3)
Ageless
Forbidden

