The Adventures of Tomahawk Jackson - The Early Years
By Jonathon Barton
Copyright 2012 Jonathon Barton
Smashwords Edition
The Story So Far
The world had been on the brink of war. The Nazi party had won the elections in Germany, and Adolf Hitler was heard ranting daily on the wireless, if you had one that could pick up the stations from the Continent. The world was in the throes of a massive Depression in 1935. Millions and millions of people were out of work. The Germans had "elected" the Nazis, and they blamed everyone.

The Nazis blamed everyone. It looked like the world was going to go to war once more - a war beyond the destruction that the Great War had wrought. Throughout the 1930's, the Germans pioneered smooth air travel, while they developed Dirigible technology that dated to the Zeppelins of The Great War. One could travel from Berlin to New York in just 6 days in smooth and quiet comfort on a Zeppelin. Berlin to Tokyo took [THIS MANY] days. This was a stark contrast to the German people who were living in depressed poverty. Unemployment was high worldwide, but absurdly so in Germany. Postwar economic sanctions lowered domestic production due to a lack of raw materials. This was coupled with a worldwide drop in summer temperature, and that meant that food production output also dropped for several consecutive years. And right in the middle was the once great industrial powerhouse, Germany, trying to recover from a disastrous war while doing so under terrible economic sanctions borne out of a desire to never see Germany rise once more to aggression. Adolf Hitler would often be heard on the wireless delivering diatribes about how "To the Victors go the spoils", and how the English, French, and most especially the Americans were conspiring to keep Germany under their economic thumb. The great American industrialist Henry Ford, while sympathetic to the Nazi Cause and who often traveled to Germany to demonstrate his assembly line technique, was simultaneously singled out as a siphon on Germany's brain trust - taking ideas, while setting up Germany as little more than a source of cheap labor. 
In 1937, Germany found herself in the unique position of being the primary provider of global transportation via her Zeppelin fleet, and so connected to the bulk of the world, but also found that she was cut off economically and ideologically from the bulk of the world. This was primarily a function of Adolf Hitler's isolationist policies throughout the middle thirties. There was a sense from Berlin that Der Fuhrer was only willing to "forgive" the imagined slights to a well-defined point. 
And that was, indeed, the case.

On September 6th, 1939, Germany effectively ceased to exist. 
There had been some warning, perhaps. Perhaps.
Germany had been building an extraordinarily large number of Zeppelins starting in 1934. Many of them were used in the global transportation network that Germany built. But many were just seen at mooring masts throughout Germany. The belief was that Germany was building a large fleet of Zeppelins to use as Bombers in the start of New Aggression. Inspections were demanded by the League of Nations. The requests were rebuffed repeatedly - but the matter was not pressed particularly hard, since the state of the art in military hardware continued to progress, and the risk was deemed to be minimal, since the major European military members had advanced the state of their air defense network to the point that a slow moving Zeppelin bomber was not viewed as a credible threat.

And, on September 1st, 1939, sixty million Germans just...disappeared.

The world shook. Confusion reigned. 
Not ALL of the Germans were missing, of course. There were the visitors, the businessmen making business trips, the Jew, the Gypsy, the Immigrant, the Feeble, the Lame, and the elderly. On Monday, factories stood empty and idle. Curiously, every Zeppelin that was en route, or in a foreign port that day had been crewed by non-German crews. There were no "pure" German passengers aboard. 

The Germans had taken the works of Albert Einstein and Heisenberg, and learned how to warp time and space to their will. They took their marbles and went...To a new home. And in doing so had perpetrated, in absolute silence, the single greatest conspiracy the world had ever seen. 
It took a few weeks for the governments of the world to put together the puzzle of what had happened, and THAT...started the "Space Race". The Russians against the Americans, The Japanese against the Chinese, The Chinese against the Indians. The Indians against (but also for...) the English.
The Russians were the fastest to develop the technology. They translated a dog into Low Earth Orbit in 1959, in a capsule designed for re-entry. The Americans perfected the technique with translations to Lunar Orbit in the late 60's, and the first interstellar translation in the early 1970s. 

[NO they didn't. This is Diesel punk, not DISCO PUNK]

The Russians were the fastest to develop the technology. Their first interstellar translations were in 1942 from a factory located in Kursk. 
The Americans had their first successful translation on August 6th, 1945.

There once was a woman. Her name was Tomahawk Jackson. She was this little red-headed thing, couldn't have weighed but 40 or 50 kilos. Had a job as a waitress in a little place in Iowa. Customers would come in, order some food, or some coffee. Lotta regulars, being that the town was small and well off the beaten path. People would always comment on her name. It was a might, unusual. It was the Summer of 1939, and there was the last tail of the Great Depression on. Drifters would still roll into town, looking for work. Late summer would bring more - as there was more work to be done, picking corn and barley and the like. The Depression years hadn't affected this rural Iowa county as much as she'd heard other places on the radio. That was a blessing, really. Lots of places sounded like they were really pretty bad off, but not near as bad as a few years ago. 
Tomahawk was listening to the radio the day the news came. Germany had been banging the war drum for several years now under the dictatorship of Adolf Hitler, and the rest of Europe, the lessons of The Great War still fresh in everyone's memory, was conciliatory towards Hitler. Now it was September, and Tomahawk was at work when there was an R K O news flash. 

Millions and Millions of people had simply disappeared over night while the world slept, and this morning, there were no Germans to be found. Anywhere. 
"Say that again, Em?"
"Gone. POOF. Disappeared! You need to clean out your ears, Tomahawk Jackson? Nobody knows where they went! They're just...gone! Ain't that the darnedest thing?"

Tomahawk Jackson pondered this. Where could all those people have gone? One day they were there, the next...disappeared. That didn't seem reasonable. Rational. Maybe they'd built underground cities. Yeah, that makes sense. They'd built cities into the sides of mountains. Made them look like coal mines or something.
She went down to the end of the counter to check on that fellow in the coat. He was passing through. Tomahawk thought perhaps he was from the government. Or maybe a banker, come to conduct some business with Mister Andy Halloran. And by 'conduct business' she meant 'foreclose on'. Sad. Andy was such a nice man, too. But life had hit him pretty hard after his wife had passed away. He just wasn't able to keep up with the farm for the last couple of years. 
She walked down the length of the red melamine counter, grabbing the coffee pot on the way. The man sat way down at the far end, with a dark blue wool jacket, with the collar turned up, and the cuffs of a business suit visible at the ends of the sleeves. A blue fedora sat on the counter to his right, and a plate of bacon and eggs sat partially finished in front of him. His hair was sandy Blond, and he looked to be in his late 30's. 
"You doing OK, mister?"
"I am, indeed. That coffee's a welcome sight though."
Tomahawk topped the man off and turned to go put the pot back on the warmer.
"You're Tomahawk Jackson, aren't you."
She froze in her tracks. Without turning, she asked, "What did you say?"
"I asked if you're Tomahawk Jackson."
She started to turn very slowly to face the man, ready to fling the remainder of the coffee into his face, should it come to that. "I don't remember telling you my name."
"You didn't. That's right."
"Why would a man from the bank be looking for me?"
The man laughed, "I'm not from the bank."
Tomahawk readied the coffee pot, "Then, who are you?"
"It's not important at the moment. What is important is for you to know that many things lie in store for you, Tomahawk Jackson. That's what I came here today to tell you. I don't think I need to tell you that waiting tables isn't the future that spreads out in front of you. I'm not at liberty to say what that future holds, but I came here today to tell you that this is not all you will be."
The man reached, slowly...very slowly into his inside coat pocket, one eye fixed on that armed and ready coffee pot, and took out his wallet. He flipped it open, and withdrew a five dollar bill, laying it neatly on the table next to the unfinished eggs and strip of bacon. "Keep your eyes on the sky, Tomahawk Jackson..." She followed him with her eyes, ready for anything as the man stood up, turned and paced over to the door, pushing it open, and stepping halfway through before turning back... "Don't you wonder where they went? It's strange business, that."
And with that, he strode out to his black Chrysler, cranked the engine over and pulled away, driving on down the road, leaving a cloud of dust that led towards Riverside.
"What was he on about, Tommy?" Emmeline said as she came out from the back of the restaurant on the far end of the counter, where the man had been sitting.
"Huh. I don't know. Forget it." Tomahawk set the coffee pot back on the warmer, then turned the warmer off. By the time another customer came through wanting coffee, it'd be time to make a fresh pot anyway.
Emmeline startled Tomahawk, "That rat! He's a counterfeiter!"
"What's that, Em?"
"Yeah, look at this!", Emmeline held out the bill that the man had left as payment. It seemed quite ordinary. A fiver. 
"It's a fiver. So what?"
"LOOK at it!"
"What!?!?! I see a five dollar bill. It's got Lincoln on the front, just like every other one."
"Series 1950a?"

"Wait. What? Why?" Tomahawk flustered around a bit, "How the hell did you notice that? Never mind. Clearly he's a counterfeiter. Damn. Gimme that." Tomahawk took the bill from Emmeline. "If I bought that man his lunch, I might as well have a souvenir, right?" She held the bill high in her left hand in imagined victory before tucking it into her pocket. She cleaned up after his dishes, and sat for a while in the back, turning that bill over and over, examining it.
What had he meant by all that jazz about her future. True enough, she couldn't imagine spending her life here at the diner, but with the Depression, she thought she was pretty luck just to have a job at all. She certainly couldn't just up and leave. She shuddered at the thought of where that path might lead. A wayward home for unwed mothers, most likely. 
But the thought of there being something out there that was...more than this...had dogged her for a few years now. The cryptic man's words haunted her. How did he know who she was? Who was he? Keep her eyes on the sky? For what? That made no sense at all. 
Emmeline was the one to break her reverie. "What're you still doing here, Tommy? It was time for you to go a half hour ago."
Tommy grinned and stood up. "Sorry. I was thinking about that lunchtime fellow."
Emmeline said, "What a strange man, passing through, passing out money like that. Man like that is going to find himself doing time up river, if you ask me."
"Yeah, I suppose you're right. OK, Good night, Emmeline."
And with that, she walked out into the fading Iowan afternoon light, headed for the home she shared with her parents and brothers thinking Germans who up and disappeared, about what the man who was not actually from the bank had to say, and what those things might touch her plans for her future.

The days and weeks to come were filled with all kinds of theories about what had happened to the Germans. Underground cities was Emmeline's favorite theory. It didn't make sense to Tomahawk, though. 
"I mean, if you're going to put all those people underground, that would take a lot of time, and there'd be lines to get in, right? And how would you feed all those people? Or get drinking water for them? It just doesn't make any sense like that, Emmeline."
"Sure, but they could have big underground caverns, with lights and stuff, and that's where they grow the stuff they need to in order to make, like, food bars, like in the Buck Rogers show, right?"
"It sure is funny how there weren't even any Germans on the Zepps that day. Smells fishy to me, Em." Tomahawk lowered her voice, "Because they sure didn't all go to heaven, that's for sure..."
The women were silent for a moment before moving on to other topics.

Summer waned, and the corn was harvested and loaded into railroad cars headed for Chicago and New York, and the days got shorter, and the drifters began to drift south for the winter.

As the weeks went on, and September turned into April, the mystery began to unravel. The tales from the immigrants, the travelers, the Jews and the Gypsies who were left behind in a suddenly much more sparsely populated Germany began to filter out, and into the news. In the space of just a few short hours, over 50 million Germans had boarded "Zeppelins" that had been placed around the countryside, and there were stories that the "Zeppelins" had disappeared in a flash of light that moved from the nose of the "Zeppelin" to the tail. 
The newsreels showed German Factories that were standing idle, refineries were stilled while those that were left behind tried desperately to keep the wheels of the German industrial machine turning well enough to keep the people who still lived there supplied with food, running water and sanitation, and gasoline. This proved to be a difficult task, as 90% of those people who worked for the German government (at all levels) were no longer present to fill their posts. New immigrants were welcomed from all countries, but along with the influx of immigrants came those with ill intent. Germany asked for help from her former adversaries, and America mobilized in a way that hadn't been seen since the end of The Great War. France, Great Britain, Switzerland, Czechoslovakia, and Poland all sent what they could. But it was America who saved the day as she turned her industrial might to building "Liberty" ships and sending convoys of supplies, fuel, skilled workers, and peacekeeping troops to the former Germany. Despite the aid, thousands of the [undeparted] died in the winter of 1939. 
In the void that was Germany, the first (and last) truly multicultural nation on Earth sprang up, with perhaps not everyone, but the vast majority, involved in rebuilding the strength of a nation gone missing.
In the spring of 1940, in a warehouse at a factory outside Munich, some documents and drawings were discovered in a filing cabinet in a non-descript office. They seemed perfectly ordinary to the janitor who found them, but that janitor - he was a curious sort, and he asked one of the engineers at the factory if he could have a look at the drawings and tell him how a Zeppelin worked, so he could take the prints home and hang them on the wall for his kid, and explain to his kid how the thing worked, so maybe his son would grow up to be an engineer, and not a janitor, like his old man.
The engineer had a look at the drawings. And then he asked the janitor if he could hang on to the drawings for a couple of days to study them so he could give a good explanation of the workings to the janitor. The janitor agreed, and arranged to meet the engineer after the weekend for a lesson on what 'lighter than air' meant, before knocking off for the day.
The engineer made some phone calls.
On Monday, there was a lot of commotion at the factory, and a lot of men in suits were touring the facility, and talking excitedly.
On Tuesday, there were a lot of men in suits who wanted to shake the janitor's hand. It looked like the janitor's son was definitely going to grow up to be an Engineer. Not only that, but he'd be the son of Wilburn Carl Pitts - The Man Who Found The Stars.

Tomahawk Jones continued to work at the diner, living with her parents oh so boring. This is terrible... The winter came and went, and the spring of 1940 came, then the summer, and the Midwestern heat was, well, hot. Just like you'd expect Midwestern heat to be. kind of humid too. The sound of bugs filled the evening air, when the windows all opened and a breeze blew through the house she'd grown up in. 
Fall started to roll around again. Saturday was movie night. She and her parents would drive in to Riverside to take in a double feature. Tonight, it was The Spirit of Mallow and The Creature From The Bleak Lagoon. 
But there was a news story beforehand. 

"Los Alamos, New Mexico. Scientists have uncovered the Hidden Secret of the Nazis Disappearance!" There was footage of a building, set up on springs instead of a foundation. The camera panned left. A paved, empty lot was shown. The camera panned back to the right, and showed a man who went inside, and then...the building disappeared, limned with a bright flash that went from one end of the building to the other. The camera panned to the left slowly. The house stood some yards in the distance, no longer on the springs, but sitting flat on the ground, where the empty lot had been before. The man walked out and removed his safety goggles. 
A recruitment advertisement for the Army played after that, a brand new one - one that 

No no no... 

Tomahawk Jackson was walking home from work one late afternoon when a building materialized in front of her, right in the middle of the road. A man wearing a lab coat and safety goggles stepped out, and down onto the road. He was wearing a brown suit, and looked a little perplexed.
"Excuse me, miss," He said in a very thick Long Island accent, "Can I ask you a question?"
"Can I ask you one back?"
The man laughed, "Sure."
"OK, shoot."
"Where the heck am I?"
It was her turn to laugh. "A ways outside Riverside, Iowa. You're not the Wizard of Oz, so how did you get that house to fly?"

"Hmmmmmmm. I can't tell you that. I'm sorry. But I think you'll know soon enough. Is there a telephone or a taxi or something nearby?"
"Well, there's the phone at my parent's place. It's about a mile down the road. If you're going to use it, I suppose you'll just be leaving your house here, in the middle of the road, then?"
The man laughed. "I don't think I'll be putting it in my back pocket for the journey."

"I suppose not. We'd better get going then, before the Wicked Witch of the West shows up or someone drives into it with a car or something."
The two of them walked along. 

"You got a name, mister?"
"Dick Feynman. You?"
"Tomahawk Jackson."
The man burst out laughing. "Tomahawk? Are there many Indians left in Iowa?"
Tomahawk Jackson stopped and put her arms on her hips. "You know, you can just walk back and see if the Wicked Witch of the East has a telephone you can use, if you keep making fun of my name like that...Mister "Fine-man".
The man settled into a smirk. "OK, Fair enough, Miss Jackson. Fair enough. It's this way, is it?" He gestured back down the road from whence they'd just come.
"Come on. No, it's this way." 
The pair walked the remaining distance to the house. The man in the brown suit made an operator-assisted call that sounded like it was to Los Alamos, New Mexico. Mister Feynman hung up the phone, and...
"Now, we wait."

Around ten o'clock that evening, a number of army trucks and cars showed up at the farmhouse where Tomahawk Jackson lived. Oh god, this is so terrible. TERRIBLE. They collected Mister Feynman, and drove off into the night. Around midnight, a bright blue-white flash was seen down the road in which Mister Feynman and company had departed. The army trucks and cars rolled past the house about twenty minutes later, headed back to wherever they'd come from in the first place.

Another Saturday, another Double Feature. This time it was [THIS MOVIE] and [THAT MOVIE] playing, still preceded by a short, and a recruiting advertisement for the US Peace Corps, showing young men and women in Europe, building roads and teaching school. 
Tomahawk Jackson had a discussion with her parents about joining up, and doing her part in preventing another Depression. They were isolationist in their outlook. [FLESH OUT]
Tomahawk Jackson worked at the diner a couple more months. 
One day she sent a letter addressed to "Mister Feynman, Los Alamos, New Mexico"
Dear Mister Feynman,

I hope this letter finds you well, if it should find you at all, and that you haven't had any houses fall on you (or any sisters you may have) lately. 
My parents are well, and I thank you for asking. (You were just wondering, weren't you...) 
I am still working at the diner, and business has been picking up this year. It seems like the harvest will be pretty good for Washington County...

Her hand trailed off for a moment...
She set to writing with resolve once again, with honesty. 
Our evening walk stands out in my mind, even to this day. The memory is fresh as though it happened only yesterday. 

The smell of the corn, the afternoon sun. That thing that was most surprising and unexpected.
My parents and I go every week to the Double Feature in Riverside. And they play a film recruiting people to the American Expeditionary Forces to the Former Nation of Germany. My parents don't want me to join the A E F. But Iowa is not for me. Every time I see that recruiting film, I know Iowa is not for me, but My parents disapprove of me joining the A E F. And my mind drifts back to the most...unexpected of things that day. I dream that someday, I will know what makes things like that happen in out of the way cities in Iowa. But for now, my curiosity is piqued, Mister Feynman. 
There. I feel better for having said it.

My curiosity is piqued, Mister Feynman.

A Western Union man came around in a car three days later. 
The teletype message was brief.

TO: MISS T. JACKSON, KALINA, IOWA
...AS IS MINE STOP COME SEE STOP R. FEYNMAN STOP

Enclosed was a ticket for the train, dated three days hence. Iowa City to Albuquerque, New Mexico. 

[[She reread the words again and again. The message was clear, but it was hard to believe, at the very least. Three days. Just enough time, barely, to break the news to her parents, and smooth things over with them before she left. Maybe. If the smoothing went smoothly.]]

The smoothing didn't go smoothly, but Tomahawk Jackson said goodbye to Emmeline down at the diner, and to her parents, which was harder, and she got on board the train bound for the New Mexico Desert, not knowing what to even expect. 

[[She reread the words again and again. The message was clear, but it was hard to believe, at the very least. Three days. Just enough time, barely, to break the news to her parents, and smooth things over with them before she left. Maybe. If the smoothing went smoothly.]]

She brought the letter into the dining room. Her mother had the register out, and was sitting at the sizeable dining room table, working on the books for the farm. A cluster of flowers sat on the middle of the table, and a china hutch was built in to the left side of the room. 
She stood there in the doorway for a moment, absolutely unsure of what to say. 
Without looking up, her mother said, "Don't stand there with your mouth open, you'll catch flies."
Tomahawk Jackson blinked. Not any more sure of what to say, she forged ahead. "There's a Western Union came for me."
"I heard the man. What's it say? Some lost Nigerian Prince has a fortune to rescue, if only you could assist him?"
Tomahawk Jackson stood there, letter in hand.
"Well?"
"You remember Richard Feynman? The man with the car trouble a while back?"
"Mhm."
"The Western Union. It's from him."
"I'm still listening."
"He's invited me to, ah...visit him in New Mexico."
"That's a long way to go to get married to someone you've only known a few hours."
"Marri...? Oh!" Tomahawk Jackson laughed. "It's not a proposal, mother."
"If he's inviting you to New Mexico, it had most certainly better be."
"He's a scientist, mother."
"Yes, dear. I'm sure he is. And he's working on some super secret government project in...New Mexico." Her mother drew out the words for maximum ironic effect.
Tomahawk Jackson paused. This was really not going the way she'd hoped it might.
"He sent at train ticket."
"Of course he did, dear. How else would you get there, walk?"
"I'm going."
"No, you're not."
"I am."
"No, you're not."
"I am."
"Are we really going to play the 'yes/no/yes' game, Tommy? You know, you're not six anymore."
"I'm going."
"We'll talk about it with your father when he comes in later. In the meantime, shoosh and scoot.", and with that, her mother went back to the books for the farm. The discussion was over by maternal fiat.
Tomahawk clutched the letter and went upstairs to her bedroom, where she sat at her desk and reread the telegram, and went over the details of the train trip. It was scheduled for Thursday. Today was Monday.
It was going to be a long week, she thought.
Her father eventually came in from the work in the field for the day, and the discussion continued around the dinner table. "So, your mother says that man with the car trouble has invited you out to Arizona?"
"New Mexico."
"Same thing, really. What's he got out there? Big cattle ranch, maybe?"
"He's a scientist, dad."
"Sure he is."
Tomahawk Jackson paused. Did her parents share a brain or something?
"Ok. I'll grant that he told you what he does on your walk home that night. The question is this. First - What is he doing in New Mexico as a scientist. Seems like an occupation for Philadelphia or Chicago or Los Angeles or Washington D.C. to me."
Tomahawk Jackson started to answer, but her father held up a hand, "Second, what does a scientist want with a nineteen year old girl from Iowa, if it isn't a marryin' sort of thing? Did you ask yourself that, Tommy? You don't want to wind up in a home for wayward mothers."
A moment of silence lapsed at the table, the weight and implication of the question hanging in the air.
Tomahawk Jackson said quietly, "I know what he wants, dad. At least, I've got a fair decent idea, and I've made up my mind. I'm going to New Mexico to see what's there for me."
Her father stopped, a forkful of green beans halfway to his mouth. "You know your mother and I, we had...well, we had hoped that you'd find yourself a nice boy, perhaps up in Iowa City. Someone who could help you take care of the farm when your mother and I get older."
"I know, dad. But farming? It's not for me. You know that, and so does mom." She paused, "At least, I would think you'd know that. And I don't really want to spend my life down at the diner with Emmeline, either."
"So, what, instead you're going to run off to the other end of the country to be with a man you hardly know? Anything could happen to you, Tommy. Anything at all." He emphasized the last three words, sinister-like. "The world's a rough place these days, and it's no place for a girl to be alone, without any friends or family there. You know, just in case things aren't as rosy as you think they're going to be. Family gives you...flexibility. Don't underestimate it, Tommy."
"I don't think I am, dad. I can feel it in my bones. This is important, and I'm going."
"You're not."
"I already had that discussion with mom, earlier today. We can play the contradiction game, but it won't get either of us anywhere. Dad, at some point..."
Tomahawk Jackson shook her head. "Nevermind. I'm going to go to New Mexico. For a visit. If it's a bum deal, I'll come back." Tomahawk Jackson paused for a second, then decided to up the ante. "And if it's a bum deal, not only will I come back, but I'll go find a nice boy from Iowa City and...we'll leave it at that, OK?"
Her father and mother shared a lingering and deliberative look between them. Her mother said, "It's clear you've settled your mind on the matter, and there's really nothing we can do to change your mind. We can't hog-tie you and toss you in the barn - but don't think I didn't discuss the possibility with your father - You've got your ticket out of here, and away from us. It hurts us, but that's the inevitibility of all parents."
"Oh, mom. Your argument sucks so much. There's no tension here, whatsoever. We're supposed to fight like cats and dogs until I get on the train and dad tries to drag me off or some shit. I'm not even crying at how you've cut my feelings and stuff. But, I'm an adult, and we'll fix it in post. Post being in December or something. Because I'm going to miss this food It's delicious.

She went in to the diner in the morning to work her shift. Emmeline wasn't there, which was a little unusual, but not tremendously so. Fortunately, it was a quiet day. 
She came home in the evening, after a long day at work, and argued with her parents some more about whether or not she was going to go through with getting on the train and taking it to Albuquerque. They tried guilt. They tried parental authority, they tried stern language. 
But they hadn't seen a house materialize in the middle of an Iowa farm road, and they hadn't seen Richard Feynman step out of the house in like he was walking out to fetch the newspaper from the front porch. They didn't know, and they couldn't know. This was possibly the hardest thing she'd ever done, watching her parents hearts break as they tried desperately to get their only child to just listen to "reason". She was listening to reason. She was definitely going to get on that train, because she very much had a compelling reason to do so. 

Or, she thought she did. Her mother in particular, had some pretty compelling arguments of her own. Arguments that made sense, in the case that you still lived in a world without flying houses straight out of The Wizard of Oz. On Wednesday night, her parents knew that time was getting short, and their arguments increased in intensity to a fever pitch. For a time, she thought that they were actually going to hogtie her and throw her in the barn until after the train had come and gone on Thursday. She packed a small suitcase with some essentials, and snuck it out of the house on Wednesday morning, storing it in the freezer at the diner, just in case. 
Thursday morning, she worked at the diner until high noon. Then she wrote another ninety words to get to her count for the day, she was part of a heartwrenching scene where her parents actually walked her down to the station. Her mother cried the whole way, even as she tried to talk her only daughter out of leaving for New Mexico, for a man who she barely knew. Blah blah dialog that is slow and doesn't really have any drama or anything interesting, because it's inevitable that Tomahawk Jackson will board the train for Los Alamos, New Mexico on Thursday to go have a look at that flying house, perhaps.

A car came down the lane and stopped in front of the Jackson residence. Tomahawk came to the door as the man came up the walkway. He was of average height, average weight, average hair color, completely nondescript in every way, save his Western Union hat. 
"Telegram for, uh, Tomahawk Jackson, if I'm reading this right?"
"Yeah, that's me."
"Sign here, please."
Tomahawk Jackson scribbled her name on the sheet on the man's clipboard. His unsteady handling of it made her signature look more like a random scribble than a signature. She took the envelope from him, and he turned to go. She stood there, turning the yellow envelope over and over in her hands, as the man got in the car and drove away. As the car receded down the road, she stuck a finger into the flap of the envelope and sliced the message open. She withdrew the message inside. It read. 

TO: MISS T. JACKSON, FORT MADISON, IOWA
AS IS MINE STOP COME SEE STOP R. FEYNMAN STOP

Also enclosed was a ticket for travel between Fort Madison, Iowa and Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
It took a moment for Tomahawk Jackson to catch her breath. She'd expected a letter, perhaps, but certainly not an invitation...an invitation...to what, she wondered. New Mexico was...pretty far away from Kalina, Iowa. The ticket was for the Thursday Train. She sat down on the porch swing and looked off to the horizon, pondering. Her parents would certainly not approve. They had already talked about her going to join the American Expeditionary Forces in Europe. They had been very much against that. This was going to be an interesting week, that's for sure. 

She went in the front door, and brought the telegram into the dining room. Her mother had the accounting register out, and was sitting at the sizable dining room table, working on the books for the farm. A cluster of flowers sat on the middle of the table, and a china hutch was built in to the left side of the room. 
She stood there in the doorway for a moment, absolutely unsure of what to say. 
Without looking up, her mother said, "Don't stand there with your mouth open, you'll catch flies."
Tomahawk Jackson blinked. Not any more sure of what to say, she forged ahead. "There's a Western Union came for me."
"I heard the man. What's it say? Some lost Nigerian Prince has a fortune to rescue, if only you could assist him?"
Tomahawk Jackson stood there, letter in hand.
"Well?"
"You remember Richard Feynman? The man with the car trouble a while back?"
"Mhm."
"The Western Union. It's from him."
"Mhm. I'm still listening."
"He's invited me to, ah...visit him in New Mexico."
"That's a long way to go to get married to someone you've only known a few hours."
"Marri...? Oh!" Tomahawk Jackson laughed. "It's not a proposal, mother."
"If he's inviting you to New Mexico, it had most certainly better be."
"He's a scientist, mother."
"Yes, dear. I'm sure he is. And he's likely working on some super secret government project in...New Mexico." Her mother drew out the words for maximum ironic effect.
Tomahawk Jackson paused. This was really not going the way she'd hoped it might. She forged ahead.
"He sent at train ticket."
"Of course he did, dear. How else would you get there, walk?"
"I'm considering going."
"No, you're not."
"I am."
"No, you're not."
"I am, too."
"Are we really going to play the 'yes/no/yes' game, Tommy? You know, you're not six anymore."
"I wrote him a letter a few weeks ago. This telegram is his response, and I'm going to go to New Mexico and...", her words trailed off. She couldn't really tell her parents that she was going to go find out what that flying house was all about. First, they wouldn't believe her. Second, they'd be even less likely to let her go when they sussed out that it really might be a secret government project. 
Her mother continued, "We can talk about it with your father when he comes in later. In the meantime, shoosh and scoot.", and with that, her mother went back to the books for the farm. The discussion was over by maternal fiat.
Tomahawk clutched the telegram and went upstairs to her bedroom, where she sat at her desk and reread the telegram, and went over the details of the train trip. It was scheduled for Thursday. Today was Monday.
It was going to be a long week, she thought.
Eventually, her father came in from the work in the field for the day, and the discussion continued around the dinner table. "So, your mother says that man with the car trouble has invited you out to Arizona?"
"New Mexico."
"Same thing, really. What's he got out there? Big cattle ranch, maybe?"
"He's a scientist."
"Sure he is. He tell you that?"
Tomahawk Jackson paused. Did her parents share a brain or something?
"Ok. I'll grant that he told you what he does on your walk home that night. The question is this. First - What is he doing in New Mexico as a scientist. Seems like an occupation for Philadelphia or Chicago or Los Angeles or Washington D.C. to me. New Mexico has a whole lot of not much going for it."
Tomahawk Jackson started to answer, but her father held up a hand, "Second, what does a scientist want with a nineteen year old girl from Iowa, if it isn't a marryin' sort of thing? Did you ask yourself that, Tommy? You don't want to wind up in a home for wayward mothers. Not here, not in New York, and certainly not in New Mexico."
A moment of silence lapsed at the table, the weight and implication of the question hanging in the air.
Tomahawk Jackson said quietly, "I know what he wants, dad. At least, I've got a fair decent idea, and I've made up my mind. I want to go to New Mexico to see what's there for me. I've got a feeling that it's a lot different than a home for wayward mothers."
Her father stopped, a forkful of green beans halfway to his mouth. "You know your mother and I, we had...well, we had hoped that you'd find yourself a nice boy, perhaps up in Iowa City. Someone who could help you take care of the farm when your mother and I get older."
"I know, dad. Farming? It's not for me. You know that, and so does mom." She paused, "At least, I would think you'd know that. It's not like the subject hasn't come up at dinner right here, every year since I was 15 and Tommy Andreesen wanted to the movies. And I really don't want to spend my life down at the diner with Emmeline, either."
"So instead you're going to run off to the other end of the country to be with a man you hardly know? Anything could happen to you, Tommy. Anything at all." He emphasized the last three words, sinister-like. "The world's a rough place these days, and it's no place for a girl to be alone, without any friends or family there. You know, just in case things aren't as rosy as you think they're going to be. Family gives you...flexibility. Don't underestimate it, Tommy."
"I don't think I am underestimating it, dad. But this is something - that I can feel it in my bones. This is important, and I'm going."
"You're not."
"I already had that discussion with mom, earlier today. We can play the contradiction game, but it won't get either of us anywhere. Dad, at some point..."
Tomahawk Jackson shook her head. "Nevermind. I'm going to go to New Mexico. For a visit. If it's a bum deal, I'll come back." Tomahawk Jackson paused for a second, then decided to up the ante. "And if it's a bum deal, not only will I come back, but I'll go find a nice boy from Iowa City and...we'll leave it at that, OK?"
Her father and mother shared a lingering and deliberative look between them. The remainder of the meal was spent in silence. After dinner, Tomahawk Jackson cleared and washed the dishes, and put them away. Then she went up to her room for the evening. She turned on the radio and listened for a time to a radio drama, while she waited for her parents to fall asleep. At one point, her mother came in and kissed her good night, and some time later, it was time. Tomahawk Jackson took some of her more utilitarian clothes, and once nice dress out of her dresser and put them in the suitcase that was stored in the top part of her closet. She packed the suitcase, and tucked it under her bed. She lay awake for a couple of hours, until she could hear her father snoring. She took the suitcase downstairs. Exiting the front door, she walked out to the road and turned right. The moon was full, and a gentle breeze was in the air. It was a warm summer night, and the sound of insects kept her company as she walked down the road a piece in her bare feet before ducking into the cornfield and leaving it out of sight from the road. She figured that it'd be safe there until the morning, at least. She chuckled as she set the suitcase down. It's likely that it would be safe right where it was until it was time to harvest the corn. She padded back up the stairs and got into bed, drifting off almost immediately. 

The following morning, she got up with her parents. They had breakfast - ham and eggs today - and she even wound up having time for a bath before she left to work her shift down at the diner. After the bath, she put her hair up in a tight bun, and put on her uniform for work. She came down the stairs, kissed her mother, who was working on a quilt in the front room, and headed out the door, down the stairs, and down the road toward town. Once she was out of sight of the house, she cut into the cornfield. Locating her suitcase, she continued walking inside the cornfield, just in case someone was coming down the road. She didn't want to be spotted with the suitcase, just in case. Fortunately, it was late summer, and the fields were mostly dry. She came in the back door of the diner, and made directly for the freezer. Emmeline gave her a quizzical look when she shut the door. 
Tomahawk Jackson quirked an eyebrow at her and put a finger over her lips, "Sssh. It's a secret."
Emmeline raised an eyebrow back at her and said, "don't you shush me. What's this secret you've got all of a sudden, miss Jackson?"
Tomahawk Jackson collared Emmeline and pulled her into the office of the diner, where she spoke in hushed tones.
"You remember that man that had car trouble a while back?"
"The sciency guy from out of town?"
"Mhm. I sent him a letter a week ago. He's sent me a train ticket."
"You're kidding!"
Tomahawk Jackson shook her head, "Nope."
"You're not going to go, are you?"
"I'm thinking about it. I talked to my parents last night. That went about as well as you'd think it would."
"I bet."
"And, so, that's why the suitcase. Call it insurance. I haven't completely made up my mind yet, but I think I should be prepared, in any case."
"Just in case. That makes sense, I suppose. I can't believe you're thinking about going for real."
"Yeah, me either."

She came home Tuesday evening, and helped her mother out with dinner. Pork roast and corn on th cob. After grace, there was very little dinnertime conversation, and nobody mentioned the unspoken thing that lay heavy in the air - The Grand Decision. Neither side of the fight wanted to sally forth and do battle. In the time-honored tradition of Midwest families, passive-aggressive silence was the rule of the day. Tomahawk Jackson cleared the dishes, washed them, and put them away beofre heading up to her room, and going to bed. Her mother came in, as always, and kissed her goodnight, but there was a distance to it tonight, a distance that was not unexpected, considering the unanswered question that filled the space between them. 

That night, Tomahawk Jackson had a dream of tornadoes, flying houses, and the clackclack of train wheels.

Wednesday morning, she came downstairs, and her mother had breakfast on the table. Leftover Porkroast and eggs. They'd been sitting a while. It occurred to Tomahawk Jackson that she may have overslept some. She ate the eggs-gone-rubbery and the roast, retreated upstairs, where she brushed her hair and got dressed for work. 

The walk to the Diner was uneventful, save one lone Ford sedan that drove by her, raising a cloud of dust that was just awful to walk through while it settled. 

The day at the diner was more of the usual, save that she checked on her suitcase when she had occasion to duck into the freezer for some ice. Emmeline and Tomahawk Jackson talked with the customers - farmers and townspeople, insurance agents and hairdressers and farm supply salesmen - and soon enough, the sun was hanging lower in the sky, and it was time to close up shop and walk home for the day. Tomahawk Jackson and Emmeline walked part way together, since Em lived near the edge of town, and Tomahawk Jackson lived only a mile or so outside of town. Emmeline brought it up.
"So. Are you going?"
"I'm not sure. I think so, though. It's not like I won't be able to come back, right?"
"Well, I'm sure you'd be welcome back at the diner. It's gonna be hard without you. And not just the work, Tomahawk Jackson. I'm going to miss your company, too. It makes the day go fast, you know?"
"Aww, Em. If I do decide to go, I'm going to miss you a bunch, too. I'll write, for sure."
And with that, it was the place where Emmeline turned to walk down the block to her house, and the two parted company. "I'll see you in the morning, Em."
Emmeline smiled, "thanks, Tomahawk Jackson."

That evening at dinner, her father started the inevitable conversation, "Well, daughter of mine. I don't think I can let this pass any further. Have you made up your mind about this New Mexico business?"
"I have. I'm inclined to go, still."
Her father hung his head. Her mother made an 'eeping' noise, and looked rather as though she were going to cry. 
Her father addressed her directly, "I was rather hoping you'd come around to your senses and respect your mother's and my wishes, even if you didn't acknowledge that traveling to New Mexico 'just to see what it's like' while spending someone else's money doing so... Whether you believe it or not, that incurs a debt with the person who spent the money, and the debt will be paid back, one way...or another."
Tomahawk Jackson sat silently for a moment, chewing, then taking a drink of water before speaking, quietly, "I hadn't considered that."
"I thought perhaps you hadn't. It's something you learn by hard won experience. Your mother and I, we just want the best for you, Tommy. It's not that we don't want you to have a good life. We don't want you to get hurt. That's all, Tommy."

The rest of the meal was finished in silence. The dishes were cleared away once again, washed, dried, and put away for the night. Tomahawk Jackson gathered her things and had a bath before turning in. Her mother came in and kissed her goodnight, tonight, there was less distance that hung in the air. Her mother turned out the light and closed the door. Tomahawk Jackson laid in bed for a long time, unable to sleep. She was really beginning to have doubts about whether going to New Mexico was really the right thing to do. She'd be hurting her parents badly, that she knew. But she might also be walking into a situation where she was in debt to a man who she barely knew. She'd only met him the one night, and most of their conversation was not the most revealing of what sort of man this was. She kept turning the arguments over in her mind hour upon hour. The moon had crossed the sky, and was shining in her window when she finally succumbed to exhaustion. 

The light of the new day and the crowing of their rooster, Aloysius, woke Tomahawk Jackson. Today was the day. She'd decided. She was going to get on the train and go see this Mister Feynman. He was important enough to bring a convoy of military trucks to the middle of nowhere with nothing more than a phone call. She wished this was a discussion she could have with her parents. About the house, about the discussion they had, about the letter she'd written to him, and his reply via Western Union. If she were going to owe Richard Feynman, it wouldn't be in the way that her parents were concerned about, of that she was convinced.
She dressed in her waitress smock, and had breakfast with her mother before heading out the door for the walk to work. Today was going to be blistering, she could tell. Even with the sun low in the sky, the air was heavy and close, and Tomahawk Jackson broke a sweat before she got to the road leading into town. The air conditioning of the diner was a welcome relief. The diner was busy this morning, as more people came in to get out of the heat. The work was a welcome relief, too. More conversation than just conversation with Emmeline, which would have invariably turned to whether or not Tomahawk Jackson was going to get on that train today or not. If there was one person who really stood a chance to talk her out of going, it was Emmeline. Em had become rather like the older sister that Tomahawk Jackson had never had in the couple of years since Tomahawk Jackson had started working at the diner. She glanced at the clock. 11:07. Less than an hour until she had to be at the station. Her nerves started to get nervy, and her stomach began to get a little jumpy. She watched the clock tick by. 11:34. Mister Johnson's eggs were wrong. Damn. 11:46. Mister Hyneman's coffee was empty, and he waved her over. Damn, damn. She filled his cup, and saw a familiar black Chrysler coming down the main street.

Damn, damn, damn, damn, damn. Not today. Just....not. Today.

The Chrysler pulled into one of the parking spaces across the street and her mother and father got out, strolling casually across the street toward the diner. 

Tomahawk Jackson hurried into the back and found something to be busy with. Cutting onions to saute. Perfect! Chop Chop Chop. She heard the front door open, and Emmeline greeted them, "Oh Hey, Mister and Mrs. Jackson!" 
They had a seat down at the end of the row of booths, and Emmeline walked over, orderpad in hand. 
"Hello, Emmeline. Is Tommy around, perchance?"
Em glanced toward the back of the restaurant. "Let me go check, I'll be back in two shakes."
11:51.
Emmeline came around the corner, eyes wide. 
"Yeah, yeah, I heard. I'm cutting onions. Stall for a minute?"


Or, she thought she did. Her mother in particular, had some pretty compelling arguments of her own. Arguments that made sense, in the case that you still lived in a world without flying houses straight out of The Wizard of Oz. On Wednesday night, her parents knew that time was getting short, and their arguments increased in intensity to a fever pitch. For a time, she thought that they were actually going to hogtie her and throw her in the barn until after the train had come and gone on Thursday. She packed a small suitcase with some essentials, and snuck it out of the house on Wednesday morning, storing it in the freezer at the diner, just in case. 
Thursday morning, she worked at the diner until high noon. Then she wrote another ninety words to get to her count for the day, she was part of a heartwrenching scene where her parents actually walked her down to the station. Her mother cried the whole way, even as she tried to talk her only daughter out of leaving for New Mexico, for a man who she barely knew. Blah blah dialog that is slow and doesn't really have any drama or anything interesting, because it's inevitable that Tomahawk Jackson will board the train for Los Alamos, New Mexico on Thursday to go have a look at that flying house, perhaps.

"Shit. Stall for me, will you?"
Emmeline shrugged and turned the corner, grabbed the coffee pot and stopped to refill cups on her way to the table where Tomahawk Jackson's parents were seated. "She'll be out in a few, she's cutting up some onions, and looks a mess. Can I get you two some lunch started in the meantime?"
Tomahawk Jackson 's father, "Thanks, Emmeline. What's the special?"
"Eggs Benedict, Chicken fried steak, and the lemon pie. I'm going to steer you two away from the Chicken fried steak, though - because if you don't have any, there's just more for me later. It's amazing." Emmeline grinned. 
Tomahawk Jackson 's mother said, flipping her menu closed, "Well, that's a hearty recommendation if there ever was one. I'll take the chicken fried steak, you poor dear."
Emmeline jotted the order down on her notepad. A train whistle sounded a few blocks away, along with the ringing bell of a train pulling into the station across the street from the Diner. Emmeline turned to Mister Jackson, "And for you?"
Mister Jackson continued to stare at the menu, he was clearly undecided. Emmeline glanced back towards the back of the diner and tapped her pen on the pad briefly before announcing, "I'll let you have a minute, Mister Jackson. Let me run to the back and see if Tomahawk Jackson's done yet."
Mister Jackson looked up at Emmeline, "Thank, Em."
Emmeline went to the back of the shop, where Tomahawk Jackson was putting the onions into a metal container to put in the refrigerator. The train chuffed to a halt across the street. 
11:59
Em handed the pad to Tomahawk Jackson and gave her a look. "Your dad's hungry. Might go see what he wants."
Tomahawk Jackson looked in the mirror that they kept hanging by the passthrough to the main part of the diner. She looked a mess, like she'd been crying - because she had been. Thanks, Onions. She smoothed her hair, and wiped her eyes ineffectively, then headed to her parent's table through the crowded diner. "Hey, Mom. Dad, Em says you opted to skip the chicken friend steak?" Tomahawk Jackson tipped her head to the right, "you're missing out."
"I know. I know. I'm just not in the mood for it. I think I'll have a BLT." Her father finally looked up from his menu and saw his daughter's face a teary, smeary mess. "Hey, kiddo. What's wrong?"
Tomahawk Jackson chuckled, "Onions. They're terrible. I've been back there cutting them for a half hour at least. You guys picked the worst time to come. I was hiding out in back because I look a wreck." Tomahawk Jackson grinned. "I'll go get started on that BLT, pop."
She walked away from the table, and spotted the clock as she rounded the corner to go to the back of the diner. 
12:03
"Shit."
She crossed the threshold to the back of the diner, handed Em her pad back, "BLT. Here."
Em looked perplexed for a second, as Tomahawk Jackson walked straight back to the freezer, untying her apron as she went. She took it from around her neck with her left hand as she reached the freezer. Pulling the freezer open with her right hand, she tossed the apron on the freezer rack, and took a couple of steps to pick up her suitcase. She turned stepped out of the freezer, and gave Emmeline a tilted head look. "If I'm gonna go, it's right now. Right. Now. Take care, Em."
And with that, she walked out the back door into the Iowa heat.

One hurdle down, a gauntlet yet to run, Tomahawk Jackson turned left and headed down the alleyway to the end of the block. With a little luck, she just might... 
The train started ringing the brass bell. Time to go, it said.
"Shit shit shit damn damnit shit!"
Tommy hoofed it to the end of the alley, and hooked another left. She was glad she'd packed light. A heavy suitcase, and her fate would be completely sealed, instead of just mostly sealed.
She stepped quickly, hugging the brick wall of the building nextdoor to the diner. She could hear the locomotive starting to build steam just as she got to the front of the building. She could see the train platform from here. She paused for a moment at the curb, looking left and right for traffic. She had to wait briefly for a lumbering pickup to clear a lane, and then she was crossing the street, almost holding her breath. If he looked this way, she'd be...
"Tomahawk Jackson, where in the hell do you think you're going!?!", boomed her father's voice, the sound reaching her just ahead of the jingling of the bells that were attached to the front door of the Diner.
"Jig's up", she thought. She turned and faced him for just one brief second - which she couldn't really spare, she figured, but she owed this. 
"New Mexico!", and with that, she turned and ran for the train as the couplers of the train crashed together, taking up the slack in the train. She bolted past the next building and through the open gate in the picket fence surrounding the train station, around the station to the right, and across the platform. The conductor was standing in the steps on the platform of the last car, ready to close the door of the streamlined passenger car. 
"Wait! I'm coming!" she yelled at the conductor as the last of the slack was taken out of the train, and the final car started moving forward very slowly.
The conductor looked startled by the scene developing in front of him. A young woman, long red hair streaming out behind her, being chased by a red faced, red headed man much taller and heavier, shouting "Tomahawk! Tomahawk!", and a smaller, frailer blonde woman following them both, having trouble with keeping up the pace in the high heels she was wearing. He swung the streamliner door open and stepped aside. The redheaded woman described a parabolic arc to meet the tail of the train as her pace picked up to a dead run to catch the train. The man behind her was gaining ground on the redhead, as the redhead was gaining ground on the train. The blonde woman stopped and sank to her knees, out of breath or spraining her ankle, or sobbing, or all three. The redhead pulled abreast of the steps at the rear of the train, but the train was picking up speed in earnest now. She held out her suitcase, "Help me!" she shouted.
The conductor watched, stunned, as the redheaded man reached the redheaded woman just as she grabbed the railing of the train car. "TOMAHAWK!", the man shouted again as the redheaded woman made a leap for the stairwell of the train car, she made it on to the train with a single hand and a single foot when the redheaded man made a leap for her, as well. His hand caught a fist full of hair as he reached the end of the concrete platform and stepped off the end into empty air. The redheaded woman's head snapped back and she yelped with pain even as she was thrown of balance by the weight of the man. She tossed her suitcase towards the conductor, and flailed for balance with her newly free hand. The man let go of the fist full of hair he'd grabbed as he tumbled to the ground, rolling to a stop in the dirt. The conductor grabbed the woman's forearm where she was flailing for balance, and steadied her before pulling her the rest of the way aboard. 
"After all that, I do hope you've got a ticket, miss."
Tomahawk Jackson grimaced with a sudden headache. She grunted, "Yeah. It's in my bag."
The conductor stepped aside as Tomahawk reached over to the bag that was sitting on the observation platform at the back of the train. Her father and mother receded into the distance as the train picked up speed. 
She opened her suitcase and withdrew the Western Union envelope. Opening that, she handed the conductor the ticket enclosed. The conductor looked at the ticket for a moment, and exclaimed, "Tomahawk is your NAME?"
"I'm sorry?"
"Tomahawk. That's what that man back there was yelling at you. I thought he was out to kill you with a hatchet or something."
She paused for a second, then burst out laughing. "No, mister...that was my pa. You might say he's not real happy about me going to New Mexico."



Three days after she left, she arrived in Albuquerque. She stepped off the train and on to the platform. A uniformed man was waiting. He walked over to her, and asked, "Miss Jackson?"
"Yes?"
"I'm Lieutenant Taylor, do you have any luggage?"
"No, I. Um. Just this suitcase."
"Very well. Please, allow me."
The Lieutenant picked up her suitcase and began to walk down towards the end of the platform, leading her into the station, and out to an olive drab Ford sedan that had a white star on the side, and a serial number along the side of the hood. He put her suitcase in the trunk and opened the back passenger door for her. She climbed in, he closed the door, and walked around to the driver's door. He got in, started the engine, and pulled away from the station.
"Where are we going, Lieutenant Taylor, if I might ask?"
"You don't know?"
"If I did, would I ask?"
"Los Alamos, Miss Jackson."
Her heart paused for just a second, and she became nervous, but it soon passed. Wherever Los Alamos was, it was surely not going to be a short drive. This being her first time in New Mexico, she decided to take in the sights, while Lieutenant Taylor provided the transportation.
Several hours later, the olive drab ford with the star on the side passed through a town, crossed a bridge that spanned a very deep and narrow valley, and rolled up to what looked to be the main gate of a military installation. A triple barbed wire fence ringed the top of a opposite side of the mountain on the other side of the bridge.

The car rolled up to the main gate. There was a guard shack and a gate. Because it was a gate. A gate, not an agate.
Lieutenant Taylor rolled down his window and spoke to the guard at the guard shack. 
"Miss Jackson, collected from Albuquerque for Doctor Feynman."
The guard stooped down to look at Tomahawk Jackson for a moment, then stood up and stepped inside the guard shack, picking up a phone. His conversation was inaudible, and somewhat lengthy, but soon enough he put the handset down, raised the gate arm, and directed Lieutenant Taylor to an address on Mercury Road.
The Lieutenant thanked the Sergeant, and drove into the base. Quonset huts and wooden buildings made up the majority of the base. After a few blocks, the Lieutenant turned right, and stopped in front of a building several more blocks down. Richard Feynman stood in the doorway of the building, squinting against the afternoon New Mexico sun. The Lieutenant fetched her bag from the trunk of the Ford, and opened her door. She'd only just noticed that there was no handle on the inside. Mister Feynman smiled warmly. 
He said, "Miss Jackson, I presume?", with a little bow.
"Mister Feynman. How very...unexpected...to meet you here, as it were."
Feynman laughed, "Indeed." He turned to Lieutenant Taylor. "It's...Dan, isn't it? Thank you for retrieving our guest." He took Jackson's suitcase from Taylor, and said, "If you'll follow me, Miss Jackson. I hope you are well rested from your journey. This may be a long evening."

Richard took her suitcase and led her down the sidewalk, explaining. "Welcome to Los Alamos, Miss Jackson. We've got a few things that we're to attend to before I can really tell you anything about what is going on here, and why you've come all this way. But that will happen soon enough. Are you hungry?"
Tomahawk Jackson looked around the base, A jeep drove by, with two men inside underneath the canvas top. There was the occasional truck or sedan, as well. "Actually, Mister Feynman, I'm famished. I didn't think to bring much in the way of comestibles on my trip, and the dining car was rather more expensive than I'd thought it might be."
"Fine, that's just fine!" Feynman turned a corner and walked up a sidewalk to another wooden building. He opened the door, and held it while Miss Jackson preceded him. It was a cafeteria. Mister Feynman escorted Tomahawk Jackson to the line, where he took a tray, and gestured that she should do likewise. "The food is certainly not the best, but it's serviceable. Take anything that strikes your fancy. Oh, and I'd recommend bundling up a sandwich or the like for later, it may be a long evening."

After lunch, Mister Feynman walked with Tomahawk across the facilty to another building a bit further up the road. This turned out to be an administrative office. There was a reception desk at the front, and the clatter of a typewriter coming from one of the offices somewhere further back, out of sight. A black fan sat atop one of the filing cabinets oscillating endlessly. 
"Good Afternoon, Professor Feynman," Said the woman behind the desk. "This must be the Miss Jackson you were talking about. I'll let him know."
The secretary buzzed an office toward the back, and a male voice rang out from the offices down the hall, "Come on back, Dick!"
"Miss Jackson, after you...third door on the right"
Tomahawk Jackson preceded Richard Feynman down the hall to the third door on the right. It was a plain wooden office door. It was open about three inches. 
She paused, nervous, and stood to the side. Richard pushed it open, "[NOT ACTUALLY HANS]!"

[NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE]
"Dick! How are you! This must be the young woman you've told me about." [NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE] turned to Tomahawk, "Please, Miss Jackson, won't you come in. There is much to discuss!"
Tomahawk Jackson came into the office, there was a a pair of chairs in front of the desk, one of which [NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE] indicated she might take a seat on, so, she did. What else are ya gonna do, right? Richard Feynman closed the office door, and stood with his arms behind his back next to it.
"Miss Jackson. My friend here says that you and he met during his...excursion...to Iowa."
"That's correct."
"And you wrote him?"
"Why, yes, I did."
"Is this the letter you wrote him, Miss Jackson?" [NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE] picked up a letter from his desk and handed it to Tomahawk. It was indeed her letter.
"It is."
"Do you know why you are here today, Miss Jackson?"
"I do not, but I presume Mister Feynman played no small role in this."
"That is correct. Miss Jackson, There is something you need to understand before we proceed any further. Everything you have seen so far, even the very existence of this facility, it is a matter of National Security, and you are to speak to no one about it. I believe you have already seen the measures we have taken to ensure the security of this facility, and you have only seen the obvious physical signs." [NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE] paused, and looked over Miss Jackson's shoulder at Richard before continuing, "Richard noted something about your letter. It was, shall we say, circumspect. This is admirable in this day and age."
"Oh?" 
"Yes. We know that you've not shared the story of what you...discovered...with anyone. We've had agents discreetly asking around. It seems that Mister Feynman suffered a bit of car trouble in Iowa, and nothing more. Smart of you. And not only because nobody would have believed you."
"Oh."
"Miss Jackson, if I may... the reason you are in Albuquerque today is the letter that you wrote to Mister Feynman. You possess certain qualities of character that we are seeking for this project. Confidence. Intelligence. A willingness to take a chance on blind faith. And, I'm sorry to say, the fact that you have few connections to the larger world beyond your family, and a few people in your hometown."
<glum>
As I said before, this is a matter of National Security, and you gave Mister Feynman the impression that you might have The Right Stuff for this project. That said, it is classified. To remain on this facility, you must understand the seriousness of the work, and the graveness of the consequences should the work we are doing be discovered by spies..."
Tomahawk Jackson looked incredulous. [NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE] paused a moment, "Yes, spies. Spies of nations with bad intent toward these United States, looking to capitalize on our work here, and beat us in The Race."
"The Race?"
"Yes, Miss Jackson. The race to space."
Richard Feynman spoke up, "I know you wonder where the Germans went, Tomahawk. We figured out the answer. Adolf Hitler had a vision of 'Lebensraum' - or 'Living Space'. We thought that war was brewing, and that the Germans were intent on invasion again. We were wrong. They packed their bags...and...they've either gone to the stars, or they've all met a very messy death. I ask you, is your curiosity piqued?"
"So, let's see if I'm understanding this. The Germans didn't move to underground cities, or ascend to heaven. They...went to space? And this place is where we're learning to do the same? And that's why you're looking for people who are smart and curious and can keep a secret and are, well, I hate to apply this term to myself, but I suppose that it's true...expendable?"
[NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE] looked over at Richard Feynman. "I see what you see."
[NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE] turned to her and continued, "Exactly correct. We offer a chance to risk life and limb in pursuit of the unknown. I cannot sugar coat this. You may die, Miss Jackson. If our calculations are correct, however, you may also be one of the first human beings to leave the planet and travel the galaxy."
She turned to Richard Feynman. "Mister Feynman, I do believe I'm hungry. Is there a place where a girl might find something hearty to eat?"
Richard Feynman looked startled and perplexed, but he recovered quickly. "Er, why, yes, there is. If you'll accompany me this way."
"Thank you."
[NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE] and Richard Feynman exchanged bewildered looks as Tomahawk Jackson left the room and headed for the front door. Dick shrugged his shoulders and followed her down the corridor.
"Where are we going, Mister Feynman? I could eat a cow."
"We'll walk over to the base mess. It's nothing fancy, but there's plenty to eat."
"Very well."
They walked along in silence for a few minutes, with Richard leading by body language.
She very nearly did eat a cow. When she was done, she pushed her plate back and crossed her arms on the table in front of her. "Well, Mister Feynman. I knew you were a curious character. I had no idea you were this curious. And my curiosity is indeed piqued. I think we should go back and tell [NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE] that I accept the offer to try to kill myself in ingenious and unusual ways."
"Ah, I'm glad to hear it. And I think my colleagues will be pleased as well. You're the first non-military person we've selected for this program. I believe that there will be some extra scrutiny around you, being a civilian, and also a woman. But if we're going to leave the planet, there are likely some prejudices we will have to leave behind if we believe we will be successful in our endeavors."
Richard Feynman rounded up his dishes and took care of whatever it was that he did with the dishes, and so did she, but it's totally not important and is really just filler.
Then they went back to [NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE]'s office, and informed him of the news. [NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE] made a couple of phone calls and gave Richard Feynman a slip of paper with directions to Miss Jackson's new quarters. He indicated that Miss Jackson need not worry about her suitcase, [NOT ACTUALLY HANS BETHE] would round it up and have it delivered to her quarters.
Mister Feynman and Miss Jackson walked quite some distance across the base. The sun was low in the sky and a light breeze kept them cool. Mister Feynman pointed out different bits of the base as they walked, the mess hall, the commissary, the NCO club, the Officer's Club (which Miss Jackson would have access to, even as a civilian employee. Her pay grade would warrant it. Which reminded him that she should probably open a bank account with the bank across the bridge in Los Alamos. They finally reached their destination, and it turned out that Tomahawk Jackson's "quarters" were, in fact, a fully furnished house, intended initially for a high ranking officer and his family.
after the two of them had walked through the place, ensuring that everything was in reasonably good working order, Mister Feynman said his goodbyes to Miss Jackson, and said that he would be around about eight in the morning to collect her so that he could escort her through all the bureaucratic hoops that were there for her to jump through before she could officially contribute to the project. While they were at their goodbyes, a sedan pulled up in front of the house, and a uniformed man delivered her suitcase.
Tomahawk Jackson soaked for a long time in a nice hot bath, and slept like a stone.

Seven o'clock came around right on schedule. Not a minute before, not a minute after. An hour later, precisely, Richard Feynman came around to collect her. The day was filled with blood tests, paperwork, physical examinations, more paperwork, an interview with a man who introduced himself as being with the O S S, who asked her a zillion questions about her life back in Iowa, more paperwork, a hearing test, more paperwork, etc. By the time she was done with the process of becoming a member of The Project, three days had gone by, and her file was an inch thick. She wondered idly at a couple of points what they would have done had she not passed muster. Put her on a train back to Iowa, I suppose, with a couple of agents to check up and make sure she didn't blab her big mouth to anyone about the State Secrets she had only the vaguest idea about. Not that her friend (singular) and family would have believed a tale of a secret base in the pine forest of New Mexico - so secret that it was right across a bridge from a town full of people - mostly because her friend and family wouldn't believe for a minute that New Mexico had anything but desert sands and cactus to speak of. And Albuquerque, of course.
But, as it turned out, she met all the qualifications (which she suspected they were making up as they went) and she dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's on the mountain of paperwork she filled out, and at the end, they handed her an identification badge that had a terrible picture of her on it. It read "T. Jackson". She was to wear it at all times on base. The weekend came and went, filled with meals at the mess hall, and some preliminary reading on the subject of time and space. The following Monday she started actual work on the Project. She'd been assigned an office across the hall from Dick Feynman's, so it wasn't difficult for her to find. 

Tomahawk Jackson came into the office that she was going to work from. There was nameplate on the door that said "T. Jackson", a wooden desk with a blotter on top of it and banker's chair behind it. A filing cabinet, with a small potted cactus atop rounded out the furnishings.
Mister Feynman came in about 8:20 - long enough for her to have gotten settled a bit, but not so much she was bored.
"Ready to go to work, Miss Jackson?"
"I think so?", she said with a questioning look on her face.
Mister Feynman chuckled. "You'll do fine. I imagine the first thing you want to know is, how is it that you and I met."
Tomahawk Jackson tipped her head, "that seems like it'd be a good place to start, yeah."
"Well, let's start with what you do know. You know the Germans packed up and moved away, as it were."
"Mhm. You mentioned that the other day. How?"
"Ah, That's where it gets interesting!" Feynman jabbed a finger in the air. "See, you're probably used to thinking about three dimensions. How far away something is, or how tall or wide something is. There's a fourth that you probably don't think about in your every day life."
"A fourth dimension?"
"How long did it take you to get here from Albuquerque, Miss Jackson?"
The light came on. "Time. You can measure time."
"Right. Now, there are other things you can measure about a thing, but most of the things you can measure are related to something else about that thing. A bucket of ball bearings weighs more than a bucket of water, and that weighs more than a bucket of chicken feathers. They have density, which is related to weight, which is related to mass. Another example, you can measure a thing's location, as well. A thing that's here, cannot also be over there, and two things can't be in the same place. Now here's where the Germans did something very clever. They learned how to fool the universe. Which is entirely untrue, because the universe will never let anything that is actually impossible happen. However, the mechanism we are investigating here, as a possible discovery that the Germans used to vanish, is this. We think they learned how to make a sort of a bridge that connects distant places without crossing the space in between."
Tomahawk blinked, and her mouth opened and closed a couple of times, struggling to keep up.
"How did you enter this facility, Miss Jackson?"
"I, um, I crossed a bridge, then came in through the gates."
"And if that bridge hadn't been there, how would you have gotten to the gate?"
"I suppose I'd have climbed down one side of the ravine and back up the other."
"And how long do you think that would have taken, in comparison to using the bridge?"
"Much longer, surely. I think I've got the basic concept, Mister Feynman."
"I imagine you do. Now, let me throw you off that bridge, metaphorically speaking. What if the bridge were elastic, and you could cross it in one step, or if it had zero length and you could cross it without moving at all? If I were standing next to you when you did this, what would that look like to your frame of reference?"
"Why, it'd look like you'd...disappeared...and reappeared on the far side of the... Do you think that's what they did? Where would they go, though? If you're crossing the ravine, you can see the other side."
"Exactly that. We know HOW they did it, Miss Jackson. That's how we met. One moment I was here in Los Alamos, and the next, I was adjacent to a cornfield in Iowa. That was a mistake, to tell you the truth. The coordinates should have taken the building to the interior of a guarded warehouse at the Naval College at Annapolis." Richard paused for a moment to collect his thoughts before continuing, "However, we don't know at all where they would have gone. Perhaps they built underground cities on the Moon or Mars, but that would have taken a lot longer, and been a lot harder, I think, than they had time for. No, Miss Jackson. I think they found another planet like Earth out there amongst the heavens, and I think they've made it their new home. And that should concern us very greatly."
"Why do you think that, Mister Feynman? If they've gone, the rest of us left here are relatively quiet and peaceful."
"You are correct, the biggest troublemakers on the block have moved away. But they're still troublemakers in their very nature for one thing, and for the other, there are still troublemakers here at home, on Earth. If you can send sixty million people to another planet, orbiting another star, then you can certainly send a hundred thousand bombs to London or Washington DC or New York. The Earth isn't safe to live on for people like you and me. We're very fortunate that the Nazis didn't choose aggression as the answer to their domestic policy problems. We cannot count on being so lucky with the Communists. Between New York and Chicago, there are over ten million decent and hardworking people who don't deserve to have bombs dropped on their heads of a Tuesday afternoon. So, we must find out the mechanism that the Nazis used to exit stage left, if you will, and we need to follow the Nazis in this, the Great Diaspora of the Human Race."

The main body of work took a couple of years, and there were a few mishaps with additional unmanned prototypes, but on 6 August 1945, after several years of work, it was determined that the first production-ready prototype was ready to translate. A vessel had been built that was similar in size and shape to a German Zeppelin (dictated by function and "shapes that hold pressure well" more than form, overall), but substantially smaller. It had been designed to withstand the zero pressure of outer space. It had small reaction thrusters that would allow Tomahawk to turn the entire ship in space, with one and only one purpose in mind. The date and time had been chosen such that Tomahawk Jackson could 'translate' the ship through space to a point beyond the moon, in line with the moon, the earth, and with the sun off to one side, such that roughly half of the earth and moon would be illuminated by the sun. It would, if it worked, be America's largest step off the Earth since the Wright Brothers' flight in 1903, and it would be the first time that photographs would be taken of the opposite side of the moon. Once the photos were taken, Tomahawk was to plot a return translation to Los Alamos. 
On the other hand, she might wink out of existence, and the use of this technology on a craft this size might have...unintended consequences.
To become a hero? Or to have a death that nobody would ever know about. Tomahawk Jackson let this thought flit through her mind just the once, while she sat in the pilot's seat of the X-1. The countdown marched toward zero, and the tension she felt increased tremendously. What would happen, she wondered. She knew in theory exactly what would happen. According to Einstein's theory of relativity, Energy was equivalent to Mass times the square of the speed of light. According to Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle, the position and momentum of an object could not be measured exactly precisely. That was the theory upon which translation was built. That if you calculate the mass of an object, in this case, a ship, very, very precisely, it's position became a very fluid thing, allowing one to "translate" the ship to a similar, but not necessarily identical, solution for the "position" variable of the equation. At least, that was the theory. Theories never describe how something DOES work, they only describe how it is THOUGHT TO work, and definitely rules out ways that something DOES NOT work.
The counter reached zero, and Tomahawk Jackson closed the contacts of the switch.

The world has a habit of becoming a very weird place when you're mixing two concepts of advanced physics. Distance stretches to have little meaning. You hands seem very far away, but the moon? It seems very close. Your head is too big, or your tongue too small. It's hard to tell which is the correct sensation. Then, as quickly as it arrived, that sensation has passed...
...and you're left looking out a window that's nine inches on a side.
...and out that window, you see the deepest black you've ever seen in your life.
Tomahawk Jackson used the reaction mass thrusters to get the ship turning slowly, according to the flight plan and then she did some other things that seemed like a moment right out of a Buck Rogers novel, and slowly, the moon came into view through the tiny porthole. As predicted, a half moon was visible through the hatch, and in the background, the Earth hanging low in the "sky" visible above the moon's whitish gray and rocky surface.
Tomahawk Jackson was awestruck by the sight for a moment. After a moment, she snapped back into focus, "Right. Pictures. That's kind of why I'm here, isn't it?"
She turned her attention to the camera panel, and took several dozen shots. Then she unzipped her flight jumper, and pulled out a small Kodak brownie camera, and pressed the lens up against the window, snapping a single picture of her own.
The precision chronometer that took up a large amount of space on the panel in front of her indicated that she had a short time before she should prepare for the return trip. She tucked her contraband camera back into the inside of her khaki flight suit, and zipped it up once more. 
She then entered the return coordinates (the digits of which were helpfully taped beneath each of the dials where she entered each digit - that was her idea, and they'd redesigned the panel with that in mind several months back) quickly. She double checked them. Then triple checked them, as the sort of thing one does when one doesn't want to return home and miss by even 10 meters in any direction. Then Captain Tomahawk Jackson, First American Astronaut settled in to watch the chronometer's second hand sweep down the last minute before she took her life into her own hands once again. 45 seconds. 30 seconds. She suddenly became acutely aware of the presence and sensation of her heart beating in her chest. 15 seconds. She hoped that her heart didn't become full of hyper awareness, the way her feet did on the translation out here. That would be an uncomfortable feeling, to say the least. 5 seconds... Mark.
She closed the contacts on the switch and, much to her relief, it was only her extremities that felt weird and out of sorts this time. 
And then the sensation was over, and she could see blue sky, and black tarmac out the little window to her left, with a jeep speeding toward her and her...her?...yes, her craft.
And then she felt it. The tilting. It was small at first, but, wait...no, yes...the tarmac and the jeep slowly faded from view out the bottom of the Little window to her left, and disappeared entirely shortly, leaving only blue sky in her vision. That, and a sinking, falling feeling in the pit of her stomach. 
"No no no no no NO NO NO!!!" she said, as the X-1 heeled over onto its right side with a thud. She smacked her temple on the bulkhead of the flight deck, which caused her to see stars for a moment before she realized that the seat she was buckled into had been designed to hold an occupant in 'earth normalized' position (i.e. seated on the tarmac) and 'zero gravity' (the seat had plenty of buckles), but being buckled in while tilted any degree to either side while still on Earth? Quite painful, actually.

She could hear the jeep pull up outside, and she heard someone saying "Bring it closer!". Then she heard what sounded like someone scrabbling up on top of the jeep's hood. Then she heard a knock at the door. "Ding Dong, Avon Calling!" - It was Feynman. She rolled her eyes, "I'm sorry, the lady of the house isn't home, you'll have to come back later!"
In due time, the hatch was opened, and Captain Jackson was unbuckled and freed from her erstwhile leaning tower. One of the landing 'legs' (or struts, or pads, or whatever you wanted to call them things that kept the ship from leaning over) had scraped along the tarmac in an unanticipated direction, tearing some of the supports that mounted it to the body of the craft, and allowing the craft to tip over onto its side. It was a lesson learned from the experience.
The cameras were removed from the craft, and taken to the base darkroom. Captain Jackson was debriefed over the course of an hour or so by the scientists, an officer from the U.S. Army Air Corps, and a psychologist, who wound up primarily taking notes and asking her how the journey made her feel.
The next couple of hours were spent at the base hospital, having her reflexes, eyes, hearing, blood pressure, etc. Tested against the baseline she'd taken the night before. Everything seemed to be in good order.
Over the next several months a number of other test flights were conducted in the same ship, while a larger ship, the X-3 was being constructed. The deficiencies of the X-1 were being corrected, and the lessons learned were being applied to the X-3. Along the way, Robert Oppenheimer, the base commander, was having lunch with Dick Feynman, Hans Bethe, and Tomahawk Jackson at the base mess hall one day. The scientists were discussing an aspect of the mathematics that she had a difficult time following on a blackboard, but could grasp inside the confines of a conversation reasonably well. She was just listening to the conversation, eating some terrible meatloaf impostor, when something about what the scientists were saying struck her oddly. So, she asked...
"I just had a thought. What if (insert math gobbled gook here) and then (more math stuff), wouldn't that mean that you could keep your frame of reference as it pertains to the ship, essentially, giving the ship some sense of gravitation all of its own. Sort of, taking the frame of reference from where the ship was, and making it portable, so that "up" remains "up" no matter what the orientation of the ship might be - given, of course that the actual local gravity doesn't exceed the sense of gravity that's felt on the ship. I mean, I don't think you'll see me walking around on the ceiling or anything, but that would be mighty handy up there," she gestured at the ceiling, "You wouldn't need to strap in anymore, I think."
The three scientists flipped over the place mat that had been on the melamine serving tray, and whispered amongst themselves for the better part of an hour before looking at Tomahawk. 
Robert Oppenheimer said, "I think you're right, Captain Jackson. I don't know how we can implement it, but there's definitely an avenue to explore here."

Months rolled on, and more testing was done. 
Films were released to the public eventually, and they described Captain Jackson as America's Hero. Petite with flowing red hair and freckles, she was every bit America's Darling as she was America's Hero. The rebuilding effort in Europe began to wind down, as a fairly high number of people resettled in the Ruhr and Rhine and Rhone valleys as permanent residents. A new language began to be used - it was named Esperanto, and it came about because the new settlers spoke a Misha-mash of Italian, German, Dutch, French, Spanish, and English, and a Lingua Franc was needed among the various groups to have settled there.
Tomahawk Jackson was the first American to see each of the nine planets in the Solar System, bringing back photographs and, later, more scientific measurements of each.
And then the Russians shot a dog into space, and the world changed in a subtle but significant way. There was tension at the base, Security, which had been tight before, became even tighter. Plans were drawn for the equivalent of a space faring Liberty Ship - cheap to produce, reliable, and not-too-difficult to operate. 

Captain Tomahawk Jackson released the shutter of the cameras onboard the X-15. She took the camera out of her flight suit, and pressed it to the glass. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. It was earth, a pale blue dot in an endless black sky. But this was not Earth. The oceans and continents were all funny kinds of shapes, and there seemed to be not enough ocean by comparison. Had she found the 49th State for the United States of America? 
Clearly not. An entire planet would be far too much to try to govern effectively as a state, but as a semi-autonomous district, much like Alaska or Hawaii? It seemed feasible. She'd leave that to the politicians, however.

She coded in the first set of return coordinates, and toggled the switch to head home. The stretchy feeling of translation was starting to become familiar and wasn't so startling as it once was. Moments later the earth hung out the window, providing a low horizon. Captain Jackson began taking a set of measurements meant to fix the ship's position in space once again. A few minutes later, she had the measurements, and was within 0.005% of the position that she'd calculated for the inbound translation. She punched in a final set of coordinates and translated back to the pad at Los Alamos.
The familiar scene of a jeep crossing the tarmac played out again, as she unbuckled and opened the hatch - among the improvements from the X-1 to the X-15 was the ability for the crew member inside to operate the hatch during all non-pressurized phases of the flight. She stowed the hatch and, grabbing on to the steel handle above the door, swung her legs out and planted her feet on the crew ladder. She wriggled her torso out, turned in place, and descended to the ground. 
The flights had become somewhat routine, and by now it was mostly support personnel that would greet her on the tarmac. The mucky mucks would be waiting for her to come to the flight operations building for her debrief. She raised her voice and hollered at the Sergeant pulling the cameras, "Sergeant, I need that film in Flight Operation in 30. Can you do that?"
"We'll get it to you while it's still wet, Captain. Can you make due with 40?"
"That'll do, Sergeant. Thanks."
She turned and hopped into the passenger seat of the jeep that was idling to take her to the debrief, "Home, Jeeves. Have I got some news this time. En Del Ayy!"
The driver grinned, with a shadow of perplexed crossing his face for a brief second, and gunned the engine, racing across the tarmac toward Flight Operations.

Once inside the air-conditioned building, Tomahawk stood in front of a large chalkboard that was covered with mathematical formula. Some of the greatest minds of the world were seated in the chairs in the room. Albert Einstein, Hans Bethe, Richard Feynman, Robert Oppenheimer. They all looked expectant.
"Gentlemen, I found one."

"You found one?"
"Yes sir, Photos should be here in about a half an hour."
The evidence that there were, indeed, habitable planets to be found in the wider galaxy marked the beginning of the expansion of the program. New test pilots were brought onboard, pilots who had previously been testing military hardware - Chuck Yeager, Boone Guyton, and others. Tomahawk Jackson brought the men up to speed on how the operation worked, and a three seat ship was built and tested for training purposes. Now that we knew that America had reached the stars, there was going to be a huge push to locate, map, and colonize.

And that's what happened. I'm out of steam for this part. 
We built a big ass fucking fleet of colonization ships, found an ass load of habitable worlds, and, eventually, found the fucking Nazis having a big fucking Nazi ass parade right down the middle of Nazi Parade Street on the new Nazi home world of fuck you all we took our marbles and went moved to the good neighborhood, and now, goddammit THERE GOES THE FUCKING NEIGHBORHOOD AGAIN fuckers. Fucked fucked fuck fuck fuck. 
Then America got into the first Interstellar Shooting War. Which was really a bad idea, what with the ships being immobile and whatnot. So, it wasn't much of a shooting war, really. More of a blowing up war, on both sides. BOOM. I'm so out of words, it isn't even funny, really. I should go do something different for a while, because I'm at 300sh words for an entire hour of blabbering on. I have no idea how America and Great Britain as superpowers with the Russians and the Nazis as antagonists. No idea whatsoever. So, I think I'm going to just leave that part out and concentrate on something different entirely. In four minutes. Four minutes until I can let my subconscious do some more work. I may go play some World of Warplanes or something while I chew on this. I've got 25 thousand words in, and still no real plot to this thing, just a series of unconnected semi-awesome vignettes. And I'm tired. So very tired. 

I'm all out of story, and I have nothing further to say about this particular adventure at this point in time. Or do I? Muahahahaha?
The planet hung low in the sky, or did the ship hang low in the sky? The crescent of the planet filled the majority of what Tomahawk Jackson could see out the viewport. Blue water and white puffy clouds. The star in the distance was dim and red. This planet was rather larger than earth, but the density gave it an earthlike gravity. The planet had a year that gave seasons of slightly less than twenty days. The problem facing Tomahawk Jackson was this. "How the hell do I get down there in one piece." If the calculation was off on the short side, she faced an abrupt fall to the surface. If the calculation was off on the long side, she would appear beneath the surface, with devastating consequences.
Tomahawk Jackson calculated the return trip to Los Alamos. She had an idea.

The greatest American Scientists gathered into the meeting room. A long meeting table was ringed by leather chairs. A blackboard filled out the wall at the head end of the table. Several double hung windows were alongside the table. They were open, and the New Mexico heat filtered in through the windows, where it was stirred weakly by fans hanging from the ceiling.
Tomahawk Jackson cleared her throat and brought the informal meeting to order.
"Can we put the translation mechanism into an aircraft?"
Richard Feynman blinked, and started to answer, but was beaten to the punch by Robert Oppenheimer, the base commander. "I imagine we could. It would be quite the challenge, though. We'd have to make a spacecraft that also could fly. What have you got in mind, Captain Jackson?"
"I was just thinking. We've catalogued a few planets, but we haven't figured out how to get down to them."

"We've got to get them explored, and mapped, and eventually colonized, and in order to do that, we're going to have to figure out how to get down to them when we can't translate precicely. Too high and we crash and burn. Too low, and we wind up 30 feet under the bedrock. Neither option appeals to me particularly much."
Robert Oppenheimer nodded his head, "I can see your concerns, and I agree with them, Captain. I think it's time we started to expand the program a little anyway. We're clearly beyond the prototype stage, and we should start to capitalize on our discoveries. The Nazis are still out there, and who knows what they're doing."

Within the week, construction was underway on a runway, a hangar complex, and engineers were added to the project, invited from Lockheed, Martin, Chance-Vought, and North American to work on the latest iteration of the project - a translating ship that also had atmospheric capability. The engineers were confused by the intial requirements - an ability to glide in atmosphere far denser than what is ever found on earth. Ability to loiter over a reconnaissance target for several hours. The ability to fly in very thin air. The initial testbed was a modified Douglas DC-3 that had most of the interior modified to house the translation equipment. Once the engineers saw the DC3 translate 5000 feet in the air, and glide to a landing, they understood the challenges they were facing, and they got down and created some fairly wild flights of fancy, for lack of a better term. Flying wings. One saw the original testbed and designed a Zeppelin. This was an idea that didn't go very far. Making a Zeppelin also functional in a vacuum without increasing the weight beyond buoyancy levels proved to be an impossible challenge.

The designs were tested by proper aeronautical test pilots while Captain Jackson took proper aeronautical flying lessons, and gave proper translation piloting lessons - America's first Astronaut, and America's first Astronaut Trainer. One of the Astronaut Trainees was a woman from California. She'd been a pilot with United Airlines running between Los Angeles and Seattle for a few years when a friend of hers at Lockheed's Palmdale plant tipped her off to the recruitment drive. She was a hell of an atmospheric pilot, and she was a math whiz to boot. Maria SantoDomingo was her name. 
Tomahawk Jackson and Maria "Em" SantoDomingo became friends quickly. Maria was short, like Tomahawk Jackson, but with olive skin and long dark hair. Tomahawk Jackson and Em had complementary senses of humor and a shared outlook on life and adventure. 
In fairly short order, Em's translation ability overtook Tomahawk Jackson's, and she was placed in charge of training the Space Jockeys part time, and she accompanied Tomahawk Jackson on scouting missions. 
In the Summer of 1945, The Big Announcement was made. Tomahawk Jackson was a national hero at the ripe old age of twenty-five. Her parents were in the front row of the announcement, made at the White House on August 6, 1945. There was a seachange in how women were perceived in technical fields, as fully 2/3 of the men had washed out of the Translation Training Program, while only one in 10 women were unsuccessful at learning to translate a craft with accuracy. The galaxy was going to be explored by the women of America (and presumably Germany, unless they'd stuck to the old prejudices, in which case, the statisticians predicted a very slow growth of the Thousand Year Reich, which was hopeful news. 
The first settlers were loaded into a translation craft for their new home in 1946. Every translation craft, and every translation crew carried something, no matter how small, to the American's new home on Gliese 163b. The first 30 to land were Navy SeaBees, and their first task was to clear a landing field for Translation Ships. The first pad was done in 3 days. The second in 8. The flow of materiel and personnel grew every day. By the end of the first month, Gliese 163B had over five hundred new citizens.




Here's a story, about a lovely lady, who had a ship all of her own. Her hair was not gold, unlike her mother's, the Augustine of whirls (I dunno it rhymes, man).
So, a story adrift on the sea of insufficient planning. A world with insufficient thought and development. I suppose we could fix that somehow. We could spend this Time figuring out what the hell happened on Earth once the smart people at Los Alamos figured out that there were planets to be had. 
The news broke at a press conference. Tomahawk had been summoned, along with her compatriots and coworkers, to Washington D.C.. 
One day, essentially out of the blue, a long black car arrived at a farmhouse in Iowa. Not out of the blue to the man in the car, of course. Only out of the blue to the residents of the Iowa Farmhouse which the long and black car had stopped in front of. From inside the car, a man in a suit got out and smoothed his suit in the motion of a practiced military man.  He came around the front of the car, pocketing the keys as climbed the stairs and approached the door with a military precision. The man was in his early thirties, with dark hair and brown eyes. Mrs. Jackson answered the door. 
"Can I help you?"
"Are the parents of Tomahawk Jackson in residence here?" he asked.  
Mrs. Jackson almost fainted. She was sure that this was notice of her daughter's death. 
"What's wrong? Is she dead? Who are you?" She stammered. 
"No, No, Mrs. Jackson. I'm from the War Department," the man assured. "You and your husband are being asked to attend an event in Washington D.C. on the day after tomorrow. It's an event of some importance, and I'm here to escort the two of you to the Capitol and ensure you get there safe and sound, and prepared. 
"An event? What kind of...oh! I'm sorry, do come in."
Mrs. Jackson sank into a chair in the living room of the house she'd grown up in in Iowa. 
"Washington? The Capital? And event?" 
The man stood in the foyer, at ease, "Yes, ma'am. You may find this somewhat ironic, but my name is Captain Jackson, and I'm here to escort you and your husband to Washington D.C. Time is somewhat pressing, Mrs. Jackson. Might we collect Mister Jackson and begin? Chicago is quite the drive from here, and we should be leaving more sooner than later, by all accounts, ma'am."
"Chicago? I thought you said Washington?"
"Yes, Ma'am. There is a plane that will meet us there to take us almost directly from the Navy Pier in Chicago to the Capital."
"An airplane?"
"Yes, ma'am. As I said, there is an event that we will be attending. Bring your finest, ma'am. That's all that I'm at liberty to say at the moment, I'm afraid."
"This is all so sudden. You're sure my daughter is alright? We haven't seen or heard from her since she got that Western Union and left."
"Yes, ma'am. I can tell you that she is alright, and that her well being is, in fact, the reason behind this trip. Now if I might ask the two of you to pack? As I said, it's a long drive to Chicago tonight. As it is, I don't expect we'll be arrive before midnight."

Mister Jackson was collected from the fields presently, and the explanation was had all over again. Mister and Mrs. Jackson packed their finest, as well as some normal clothing for travelling. It went fairly smoothly as these things go. As did the drive, though it was quite late when the reached Chicago. As promised, there was an airplane waiting for the trio at the Navy Pier in Chicago. What the man in the suit did not tell Mister and Mrs. Jackson was that the plane was a seaplane. The two of them and Captain Jackson stepped through the door on the side of the aircraft, and took seats inside. The pilot started up the engines, and taxied out onto Lake Michigan. The engines ran up, and the plane lifted off from Lake Michigan, and droned eastward, touching down briefly in Cleveland for fuel before continuing on over the Appalachian mountains toward Washington D.C.

The plane touched down in the Potomac midmorning and taxied to the shore. The man in the suit got up from his seat , crouched over due to the confined quarters of the seaplane, and shufflewalked to the back once the aircraft had settled into a smooth taxi. The aircraft taxied up a ramp and into a parking lot on the edge of the Potomac. The man in the suit opened the door that the three of them had come in through, and then flipped down a small stair, which he then descended. Once on terra firma, he turned and held an arm our for Mrs. Jackson, as she clambered out of the back of the seaplane. He got her steady on her feet, and offered a hand to Mister Jackson. Once everyone was safely on the shore, they walked across the parking lot to a car and driver waiting to whisk them on to their destination. The car took them to the hotel room, where they were shown to a room on the top floor. It was nicer than either one of them had ever seen. 
They began to get curious about what this hullabaloo was about regarding their daughter. They certainly were being shown treatment that they'd never seen before, and they had mixed feelings of wonder and trepidation. 
They each had trouble sleeping that night, despite being in the most comfortable bed they'd ever felt, and no wonder, just yesterday, they were a farming family in Iowa whose daughter had run off on a whim, and who they hadn't heard a word from in several years. Now, they Were being called to the nation's capital, and whatever it was involved their child. 
In the morning, room service woke them up. They got up and had a spot to eat, got dressed in their finest clothing. Around nine o'clock, a pair of well dressed individuals came in and introduced themselves. They Were to be the Jackson's assistants for the next few days. They both were young, and very smartly dressed, and smacked of the tight efficiency that comes from running a plan against a schedule with people who may or may not know what the proper thing to do is in a given situation. They looked the Jacksons up and down, and decided that perhaps a shopping trip was in order. With the dignity of people who have had to do this more than a few times, they managed to convey the requisite information (that the Jacksons looked like a couple of farmers from Podunk Iowa) without also conveying offense (because they WERE a couple of farmers from Podunk Iowa, and "surely this is your first trip to the nation's Capital. Today there is going to be a public event, and you're going to want to look your very best. You will be seen as representing the entire state of Iowa today, and so you should positively shine today. We're going to head down to Gimbals, and we'll help you find your shine, Mister and Mrs. Jackson."
A couple hours worth of shopping later, Mister and Mrs. Jackson looked positively fabulous.

Some stuff or whatever happened and then they found themselves seated in a row of chairs in a room inside the White House. An impressive number of microphones were at the podium, and there were a number of chairs arranged behind the podium, ostensibly for some sort of dignitaries. Mister and Mrs. Jackson were guided to the front of the room, in front of...

The room was full of journalists, all talking, speculating, quietly to themselves as to the reason for the press conference. Mister and Mrs. Jackson were guided to the front of the room, and were shown to two chairs in the front row. Their assistants flanked them. The other chairs in the front row remained empty. The clock on the wall ticked ever closer to three in the afternoon. At five minutes to three O'Clock, a man in a suit and tie came out from the door to the left of the podium and gave a short statement about the press conference that was about to happen. No, he could not discuss the nature of the matter, but he could say that he expected that the President would come out and give a short address, followed by an address by the Secretary of War and the Secretary of Education, followed by a presentation by the Chief Officer of one of America's foremost research laboratories, and that Mister Oppenheimer would be presenting some significant scientific findings at this press conference. A few reporters pressed for details, some made notes, and some left the room. 
At three o'clock, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt came through the door to the right of the podium, And he addressed the nation.
"My fellow Americans," he said, "Today is a day that will live in our hearts and minds forever. As you all know, In the fall of Nineteen Thirty Nine, the nation of Germany ceased to exist. America rose to the challenges presented by the loss of 65 million people in one of the most highly industrialized nations on Earth. We have successfully bridged the gap that presented, and today, we have avoided a second global Depression in as many decades."
He paused. 
"However, the question lingered while we were involved with rebuilding the Rein, the Ruhr, and the Rhone river valleys, 'where did they go?'. That question has lingered on the lips and minds of every citizen who has been involved in our American Expeditionary Force, Europe. Where DID they go."
Today, my fellow Americans, I stand here to tell you that we now know the answer to that question. We know where they Germans went, and today we know how they went."

The reporters scribbled in their notebooks. This was, indeed, news. 
"To explain what we've learned, I am turning over the podium to the Base Commander of the base where the research was conducted, Doctor Robert Oppenheimer.
Just before three O'Clock A number of people filed in and took their seats in the chairs at the head of the room. Mister and Mrs. Jackson were shocked to see their daughter, Tomahawk Jackson, among them.

This is all jumbled up, but that's quite alright.

The President stepped away from the podium and sat in one of the chairs behind, while a man stepped forward and shuffled some note cards in his hand. 
"Ladies and Gentlemen of America. Boys and Girls, as well. Today is a momentous occasion for the United States. Through our diligent efforts, we have discovered how the Nazis under Adolf Hitler managed their great feat of disappearing from the face of the earth. It was not underground cities, as we'd initially thought. But rather, they have taken to spaceflight. And we now know, through the work of our scientist, mathematicians, and brave test pilots, that we are capable of the same feat, and we stand ready. This is a momentous occasion, Ladies and Gentlemen. The world will e forever changed from this day forward. The stars belong to us, now. I would like to take this opportunity to introduce to you, some of the people who made it possible. 
First, I should like to introduce the men who worked on the equations that made spaceflight possible - Hans Bethe and Richard Feynman. 
The two men stood. 
Their tireless efforts at refining the mathematics allowed our engineers to build the machines that will make the new era possible. 
Next, I would like to introduce our chief test pilot, Miss Tomahawk Jackson. 
Mister and Mrs. Jackson looked astonished as the Base Commander announced what their daughter's name was to the country. To the world. Their missing daughter, who they had presumed had found her way to a Home For Wayward Mothers, a test pilot for a secret government program, and that Mister Feynman, he was the man who with t he car trouble who came to use their phone that evening shortly before Tomahawk had up and left the farm so abruptly. They were completely astonished by the news. Not just a secretary, or an administrative person. CHIEF TEST PILOT? Their little girl, CHIEF TEST PILOT!

Tomahawk Jackson stood up, and bowed slightly. She looked radiant, and perhaps a little embarrassed. She waved a little wave and a smile to her parents and mouthed the words "Hi, Mom" at her mother before sitting down. 
The door on the right side of the podium opened once again, and a man came out with an easel and some cards that were draped under a cloth. Robert Oppenheimer said, "Now, claiming that we've figured out where the Germans went, and how they got there, that's all well and good, but I'm about to present hard evidence that we've done it. Bobby, if you would?"
Bobby Tod the first plate out 0 it was perhaps 2'x3' in size. Mister and Mrs. Jackson saw a picture of the moon, with what was clearly the earth a half-crescent behind it. 
"This photograph is one of the first that was taken in the course of the project. It's from our first trans-atmospheric flight. This flight was conducted by Captain Jackson, and it shows what you can clearly see are the moon and the earth, from a vantage point that we've not seen before this point in our history. "
"Next, Bobby. This shot is of Mars. As you can see, there don't appear to be any martians."
*laughter*
"Next, Bobby. This one is of the great red spot on Jupiter. I think it's clear that the technology is there. Next, bobby." 
Bobby placed a new card on the top of the stack on the easel. It showed a blue planet, with brown Land awn white clouds. It looked a lot like earth, but the land was all the wrong shape.
"This, my fellow Americans is a planet we've discovered around a star approximately 44 light years from earth. We haven't named it yet, but we have done some preliminary mapping and exploration. It appears that it's ripe for colonization. In the coming weeks, we hope to begin that process of establishing an American colony on the new planet. We are going to be looking for volunteers with a variety of skills from "the old world" to set up the colony. We're going to need to feed people, and go build houses and the like. We call on the people of America to rise to this challenge once again, as we leave our ancestral home and flock to the stars, spreading freedom and democracy throughout the galaxy."
"Thank you, and goodnight."

Mister and Mrs. Jackson waited until the President exited through the door on the right of the dais, and everyone else stood up. They stood up and waited a moment. Tomahawk crossed the dais, and stepped down to where the seating area was. The reporters behind them were talking excitedly amongst themselves as they filed out of the room to go to the bank of phones located in the next room, calling their news desks with frantic reports of the news that had been just related across the radio network live across the country. 
"Mom, dad." She said, "You look good."
Her mother threw her arms around her tiny frame and pulled her close, crying. "Oh, Tommy! I never imagined. My little girl, all grown up and...so important! She drew back and grabbed her daughter by the shoulders, suddenly stern and angry, the way mothers get once they know their children are, in fact, safe. "Why didn't you say anything?!? Not a call, not a letter, not a postcard. We haven't heard from you in almost five years! We...the only thing that kept our hope was that we never got a visit from the sheriff..."
Tomahawk looked down, sheepish. "I, well, mom...I couldn't say anything. Not to you, not to anyone! Heck, mom, this is the first time I've been anywhere but Albuquerque in 5 years." Tomahawk realized what she'd just said. "Well, I mean, besides the moon and Mars and a few different planets, and the like." She grinned at her mother. 
Her mother grinned back. "And the like." Her mother turned to her father, "Ike, can you believe it? Our baby, Chief Test Pilot for the Army!", Mrs. Jackson turned back to her daughter. "Someday, when the day comes that you're ...allowed...to tell us...I can't wait to hear what sort of 'car trouble' Mister Feynman actually had. It must've been something impressive, I believe."
"Well, mom" she turned to her dad, "dad... There's not going to be much call for corn in Iowa for much longer, I don't believe. Why don't I see about arranging for the two of you to come back to New Mexico with me, at least for a time. If we're talking about the future, I think we can arrange to talk about the past, as well."

Her dad looked at her, scrutinizing - doing that thing he always did. Tomahawk squirmed like she was eight again under his gaze. 
He Spock, his voice a deep rumble thing. He didn't do it often, but when he did, people paid attention. "Well, daughter of mine. You've done fair well for yourself. And I have to say, that despite my earlier objections to you leaving Iowa, you've done fair well for yourself. " He grinned" If you want us to come to New Mexico, we'll come to new Mexico. Show us one IA them fancy space ships a yours. Maybe.?
Tomahawk smiled a huge smile. Her father had never really approved of anything she'd done before. It'd been clear to her since she was boat 5 years old that he'd been disappointed that she'd been a girl, and that the doctor had said that it wouldn't be wise for Mrs. Jackson to go having any more children. The labor had been Rob. BUTTS LIL
So her dad's approval sent her heart all aflutter and there may or may not have been the sound of angels on high singing angelic songs in Tomahawk's head. But probably there were. 
Well, dad, let me talk to my Commanding...Doctor Oppenheimer...and I'll see what we can do about getting you out for a visit, now that the cat's out of the bag. " She thought "Yeah, the time on earth, it's going to be changing. There's going to be chaos like when the Nazis left, but a thousand times worse. The religious people are going to throw fits. There may not be enough people left on earth when all is said and done to support the technological society that we have in the US of A. Daddy's a farmer, and a farmer he should be. - she pictured him with a spread far larger than what he currently had in Iowa, with plenty of machinery to help with the harvest. Enjoying his golden years of retirement under a sun that he'd not been boron under. The first generation of the earth to no die on the same planet on which they'd been born. He'd be the first of a new wave of humanity. The first to colonize the stars. The first to be the first to be the first of whatever the hell this turns out to be. She was excited that he seemed even vaguely interested in seeing what there was to be seen out...you know, out there. Beyond the hot Io muggy summer afternoons. 
This made her happy , and she smiled to herself
"I'll go catch up with Doctor Oppenheimer and see what we can arrange for you two. OH! What hotel are you guys in> I'd love to come have dinner with you. On me, if you'll allow that, dad. "
The man smiled, and gave a little nod, "I think this one time, I can allow my daughter to pick up the tab for the old man and h is wife.." He turned to Mrs. Jackson, "That alright with you, Maude?"

"Oh, I think that'll be just fine. Just fine, indeed."
Tomahawk Jackson smiled, "Great. I'll pick you up around eight."

Tomahawk Jackson had a lovely dinner with her parents that night. Though the conversation was somewhat stilted by the fact that there was just so much that she couldn't talk about with regard to the activities that she'd been engaged in over the last several years. So much to talk about, so little that could be talked about. That said, there Ase was still plenty that she could talk about. That she was in new Mexico, the trip that she'd taken to the from the Trina with Captain Taylor. That she was, in fact a Navy Captain, thigh the rank was sort of honorary, but not really. She'd been She held the rank, even though she wasn't actually in the navy She was the Captain of the ships that she was exploring with Zoe the rank was fitting, even though she was technically a civilian co ntracotr for the War department. 
She could say that the things shed seen had all been real, and that she hadn't yet set food on a planet. But that was coming soon. The newspaper hawking boys were all about "MANKIND SETS FOOT ON ANOTHER PLANET, but she knew the truth - that we hadn't yet been there. That it was likely that the Germans had a hell of a foothold on more than fa few systems. Already, and that when the time came that we encountered places where they already were, there might be some friction. The room for humanity to grow was suddenly much, much larger than it had ever been, but that did not mean it was necessarily infinite. There were still going to be frictions and tensions, as not all planets would be as hospitable to earth-life as the one we'd settled initially. That was OK, there was time and th with nearly infinite room to grow, it was no longer a matter of nationalism vs. Limited resources. It would be essentially a no-brainier for the conflict to be resolved and a planet be partitioned, or simply ceded to the first discoverer. Limited resources were a thing of the past, for the most part. It seemed like a re-dawning of the Human race. And Tomahawk Jackson was the person who opened the heavens for the Americans. And by proxy, the British the dutch, the swedes, the Scots, and most of the western world. The only exceptions might be the Russians and the Bolsheviks. They'd have to discover the process on their own, or perhaps live on Earth forever. Which, once you have the whole place pretty much to yourself, Disneyland seem like such a bad deal anymore. 
The meal was lovely, and the menus that her parents got were the ones that didn't have any prices on them. This was a moment of amusement for Tomahawk, since her mother and fatter both thought there was some mistake in the printing. It took J a second to stop gr grinning like a fool long enough to tell her parent s that they could order anything, without having to worry if the food was "affordable" as they did back in Iowa. 
She was really happy and proud of her parents. They'd take nd a large piece of news today and they seemed to be handling it much better than many hight have handled it. They were genuinely warming up to the idea of coming to New Mexico for a visit, and at one point, her father even seemed to grasp the magnitude of the changes to "America" that were coming in the next decade or so, as anyone who wanted to start a new life would be given exactly that opportunity. To pack their things and move to a brand new home world, one untouched by civilization. One where a lot of hard work could get you a new life. Ant quote a carefree life, but the life that you had probably wanted for yourself, if you were the sort of person who enjoyed working with your hands. 

The following day, Tomahawk had a meeting with Robert Oppenheimer, and the details were hammered out for Tomahawk's parents to come to New Mexico to be screened as the first people to be considered for resettlement offered
They took the train the following day, and arrived in Albuquerque several days atter that. 
Once the Jacksons had been granted clearance to know about what was going to happen in the next 6 months, the were also in a position to hear from their daughter about what had happened in the last 5 years. They took a short recess to go back to Iowa and straighten up their affairs. They sold the farm to the neighbor for a fair (for now) price, with a story that they were getting older, and the work was harder, and that they'd be moving in toward Washington D.C. to spend more time with their daughter, which wasn't entirely untrue.
The next 6 months were spent preparing to move to a new world - for the first time in the history of the United States.


Meanwhile, in Nazi land, our heroine's romantic interest was doing something totally non heroic and non-romantic and, come to think of it, not very Nazi like, either. Perhaps he's Tall and Bastardy, HM? He might be. We'll see how that goes in the next sprint. Only a fraction of a minute to go in this sprint and I'm going to hit six hundred and twenty five words this sprint if I get to the end of this sentence.

Tall and Bastardy stood in front of his Commanding Officer, rigidly at attention. His Commanding Officer was rather shorter than Tall and Bastardy was, because Tall and Bastardy's primary defining attributes were, of course, that he was tall. And Bastardy. Which was why he was currently standing in his Commanding Officer's office wondering if that's why they were called Officers - because they had an office. It was quite a nice office, all things considered. Sunlight streamed in through the window, and the view outside showed that it was quite pleasant looking. Green Grass, and leafy green trees. Military brick buildings had been built on the base, and the air here was even breathable. All in all it was kind of a cushy assignment. Tall and Bastardy wasn't exactly sure anymore what had been running through his mind when he decided that hitting that Oberleutnant was a particularly good idea.
That's what brought him to this moment in his life. Being spit on by his red faced Commanding Officer. Tall and Bastardy mused that it was unlikely that his C.O. knew that he was spitting when he talked, or if he knew, it was unlikely he cared. His CO was a middling height man, dressed in a sharp gray dress uniform, with a German Eagle on the crest of his cap, and a big pile of medals on his shoulders, with service cords looped around his left shoulder. Tall and Bastardy was dressed in a mostly identical uniform. Gray jacket with epaulets, gray trousers with sharp creases and black stripes down the side, tall black boots that were shined to a high shine. There were, however, a much smaller number of medals sporting on Tall and Bastardy's chest, and his face sported a shiner peeking out from under his left eye, as well. Hell, it was worth it. That Oberleutnant really did have it coming. He shouldn't have been pawing on that woman from the secretarial pool like that. It was pretty clear she wasn't appreciating the attention. 
The lengthy screaming bout that Tall and Bastardy's CO was beginning to intrude into Tall and Bastardy's thoughts by virtue of being less punctuated and rather decreasing in volume, leaving longer pauses and more silence. Finally there was a very long silence, followed by a piercing interrogative.
"WELL?"
"Sir?"
"I asked you a question Sergeant."
"Sir?" Tall and bastardy caught on quickly. "Sir, I acknowledge that my actions were insubordinate and inappropriate. I temper my statement with my belief that the Oberleutnant may perhaps think twice about taking liberties with our secretarial pool in the future."
"And what do you mean by that, Sergeant?"
"Sir, it is my solemnly sworn duty to protect the Reich and her citizens, from enemies foreign and domestic, is it not?"
"Are you answering my question with a question of your own, Sergeant?"
"It's rhetorical, sir. I was wrong to strike a superior officer, yes. I was, however, not wrong in my sworn official and moral duty to protect the citizen of the Reich who was being attacked by an domestic enemy, in this case the Oberleutnant who was assaulting a citizen of the Reich."
"Assaulting, is it?"
"Yes, sir. Assault. I'm not sure what else you'd call it when a man puts his hands on a woman, and she turns away, and he tears her clothing trying to keep her where she is. If it looks like an attack, and sounds like an attack, it does seem reasonable to presume that it may be an attack, sir." Remembering where he was, and why, he added, "Sir, that doesn't make my striking the Oberleutnant excusable, and I deserve what punishment may come my way as a result."
Tall and Bastardy's CO paced back and forth in front of his desk for a few moments, clearly pondering what he should do with the Sergeant. Tall and Bastardy figured that he would be thrown in the stockade, reduced in rank, and all that jazz. Not that he hadn't been there before. Obeying rules had never been his strong suit, and that made for the occasional "career limiting move", as they were jocularly known. 
The sun streamed in the window to Tall and Bastardy's right, the afternoon was wearing on while the Captain paced his office, leaving Tall and Bastardy to sweat the consequences. Bookshelves of the darkest wood Tall and Bastardy had ever seen stood against the wall behind the Captain's Desk. He'd done fairly well for himself, it seems. The shelves were lined with a selection of books, a few of which seemed to have come from Earth. Prominently displayed was a copy of Mein Kampf - Der Fuhrers work. Tall and Bastardy had read it, for it was prudent for a military man to have at least passing familiarity with the work - but Tall and Bastardy found contained within an ideology that he could never quite accept. Der Fuhrer laid the blame for the state of the Weimar Republic squarely at the feet of the United Kingdom, France, Russia, Poland, and all the other nations that surrounded Germany at the end of The Great War. The work never seemed to care that the whole world was deep in depression, and that it wasn't just Germany that was suffering. Tall and Bastardy often mused that from this paranoid delusional came the order to do what was mankind's greatest work - the diaspora to the stars. Still, Der Fuhrer believed that it was only a matter of time before the Russians and French and English and most especially, the Americans figured out Herr Doctor's secret, the melding of Einstein's Theory of Relativity and Heisenberg's Uncertainty principle, that allowed the movement through space instantaneously. He wouldn't be surprised if the other Great Powers had already figured out the secret and were establishing colonies of their own on many worlds. But, as the Captain was now informing Tall and Bastardy, he wasn't paid to think. He was paid to follow orders. And the order that the Captain was giving him at tremendous volume was, 
"Get out of my sight, Sergeant!"

Tall and Bastardy saluted, turned on a heel, and walked to the dark wood door, opening it and passing into the office beyond. Closing the door behind him he winked at Helga, who was sitting at the desk just to the right of the door. She was the woman who the Oberleutnant had been over fondling in the bar the night before. He suspected that the chewing out he'd just had might possibly be the end of the trouble this had caused. Of course, one could never tell. The machinery of the Thousand Year Reich turned in labyrinthine and mysterious ways. He crossed the small outer office, pausing briefly to relieve himself into the potted plant in the corner, and went out into the outer office where a pool of secretaries labored away on the days reports, typewriters clacking in a cacophony of bureaucratic efficiency. Sunlight streamed in the windows in this office, too, making the brightness a strong contrast to the utilitarian gray-green paint on the walls, and dull wooden paneling around the lower portion of the walls, and the floor. Steel desks and steel chairs mixed with dresses in plain gray browns and Grey's and muted blues. The Thousand Year Reich was efficient, but not colorful. A portrait of Der Fuhrer was on the far right hand wall, framed with two flagpoles with the Nazi military flag. The Sergeant nodded a deferential nod to the portrait, then crossed the room and exited the open door on the far end. 
He wasn't sure what all there was on this planet. He hadn't been here a very long time, but there was an air of secrecy about all manner of things. He'd heard rumors that the Sternwaffen was here to provide support of an archaeological dig. Guarding old bones. Can you imagine that? Of course, can you imagine what sort of old bones you might find on a planet that humans had never been on before? He dismissed the question as being somewhat silly before he put his cap on and headed across the base. A convoy of military trucks passed him as he got to the bottom of the stairs. The trucks were green and gray halftracks, each pulling a trailer that was loaded with cardboard boxes. The beds of the halftracks were loaded with boxes in some cases, and with poor Wehrmacht grunts in others, their rifles being held between their knees, helmets covered with netting and local foliage. The Sergeant wondered where they were going.

The Sergeant realized he'd been standing there watching the convoy go by for probably rather longer than he'd initially intended. His stomach told him it was time to get moving, anyway. Preferably towards a mess hall or something. It was late afternoon, and the CO hadn't dispatched anyone to come and round him up from the stockade until well after lunch. "Fair enough", he thought to himself.
He turned to the left and started to stride alongside the Edge of the road, headed for his barracks. He needed a shower, a fresh uniform, and to salute this Colonel coming along in a Kubelwagen. After that, something to eat. Right after saluting this Captain in a half track. Such was the life of a military man. He imagined the officers had the worst of it, having to salute every junior man, while the enlisted only saluted the officers. He imagined it'd get quite wearying, practically holding your arm up in a salute for a goodly chunk of the day. Then he imagined that the officer's arms were unevenly muscular. The one side ripped with muscle, and the other just, normal.
He grinned as the halftrack clattered on past, headed on some errand or another that didn't merit walking. Low roofed buildings surrounded him, in a typical military style, but the colors were off from what he remembered them to be at his last post, and the wood was all native, meaning it was very, very dark wherever it was unpainted. The sky, however, was a familiar blue, and high thin clouds made the sky uniformly hazy. The grass was darker than what he was used to, as well. A trick of the mineral balance and light spectrum of this world, he supposed. He squinted a bit and continued to walk toward his billet while the rest of the base Carried on doing things that generally looked military-sh, but occasionally a truck would roll by with a gray-painted earthmover on the back, and there seemed to be a dearth of actual military hardware on the base. 
Very curious. He filed the fact away for later examination, as he rounded the corner and ascended the stairs to his room, one of many in the Temporary NCO's quarters on this slightly odd base, in this slightly odd system, in a portion of the Thousand Year Reich that few knew about, and fewer still visited.

Tall and Bastardy ascended the stairs to the walkway leading to his billet. From some distance away, he saw that the door was ajar. Training and instinct kicked in, long honed by, well, nothing really. He scooted, flattened along the Wall, quietly and slowly, inching His way toward the door, examining what he could see as he went. It definitely looked like it'd been forced. Splinters of dark wood stood out against the light Grey paint that had been used on almost everything on the base. The room was dark enough on the inside that he couldn't make out any details though the small sliver that the door was open. He steadied himself for a moment, gathering his nerve. Once his nerve (singular) was gathered, he stepped away from the wall and adjacent to the door. He hauled back with one leg and planted a polished boot firmly next to the door handle, kicking the door open and lunging forward, only to be met by a body coming the other way. The head of the Oberleutnant struck Tall and Bastardy directly in the solar plexus, knocking the wind out of him. The two men staggered backwards out of the room, with Tall and Bastardy catching just a glimpse of his quarters, disheveled and ransacked, before he was met with the wooden railing of the walkway in the small of the back. Both men combined had the momentum required to put paid to the railing, and both men went sailing backwards off the second floor of the barracks as the railing gave way. Toppling backwards off of a second story railing with a stout fellow perched atop your chest might have been a significant problem requiring some worry and concern other places, however, the surface gravity here was just low enough that this presented rather less of a concern than it might have otherwise. Besides, Tall and Bastardy was paying attention that week in basic training that they taught hand=to=hand combat to the flyboys. He let himself relax a bit while using the man's own mass and momentum against him, levering him up and over Tall and Bastardy's head, and giving him a good fling in the process. 
Both men crashed to the ground unceremoniously. Tall and Bastardy Stood up quickly, and pivoted around, ready for the other man to attack him again. The Oberleutnant lay face up on the ground, and didn't seem inclined to attack the Sergeant. Actually, he didn't seem inclined to move much at all, really. Actually, he didn't seem inclined to breathe either.
"Scheisse."

"Scheisse." Said Tall and Bastardy. "This is really not turning out to be my day." Some soldiers came running over from the road to see what they could do in assistance, or perhaps to join the fight. It wasn't entirely Clara.What was clear was that the man laying on the ground was quite dead. And that Tall and bastardy was...not quite so dead. Tall and Bastardy waited while the military police were called, as were the medicos. Yep, dead alright. The police took tall and bastardy into custody and delivered him to the Brig. A place that he'd just spent the last night in. He wasn't particularly happy about the prospect of spending another night in jail. "Scheisse", he repeated. 
After a couple of houses, he was taken out of the cell Which Needs Description In The First Place) and was led to an I"Interview" room. Read: Interrogation.)
A severe looking Colonel was Si entering the room after about a half an hour of him sitting there, patiently, in a metal chair with a leather seat and back, which was very poorly padded, and quite uncomfortable. The Walls of the interrogation room were a dark Grey, as was the steel table, and even the ashtray was a Stella Grey The severe looking colonel came in and the sergeant leapt to attention. "SIR", said the Sergent. 
Take a seat, Sergeant. I have some questions for you.
The two men went back and forth in a question and answer session - the Colonel asking questions like "Did you know the Oberleutnant?" and answers like, "Yes, we got into a scuffle at an event last night. I spent the night in the brig for it." And, over time, the events of the morning were related to the Colonel, who seemed to be taking impressive mental notes, and correlating them in his head with a their that he might be building. Or was it a case against the Sergeant? The Sergeant wasn't sure. 
After a short while, the questions became more pointed. "Were you planning to ambush the Oberleutnant, Sergeant?"
"No, clearly the Oberleutnant ambushed me, sir. He was in my quarters,which I still have not been back to since I left for a little relaxation last night - which, I might add, I still have not had - when he came bursting thorough the door. It's It's unfortunate that we both fell to the ground below..

It's even more unfortunate that he has wound up, apparently, deceased. I would like to know why it is that he forced his way into my quarters, and thence attacked me as I was ...when I arrived,.
"This is your story, Sergeant?"
"It is, sir. "
"Remain here."
The sergeant chuckled softly under his breath. "Of course, Sir. As you command."

Th severe colonel stood up and left the room. Shortly two sergeants came in , handcuffed the Sergeant, and led him back to the holding cell that he'd spent the previous night in. It was still cold, and gray, and the bed was still lumpy. It was going to be another long night, he suspected. 
He began to inspect the room, out of boredom, more than anything else. The pain was peeling in a couple places, the bed was a steel frame attached to the Wall by a hinge on once side,with chains to hold it in a horizontal position. The mattress, as aforementioned, was lumpy, but not in need of cleaning. The Grey worn blanket was scratchy and not a lot of joy to use. There was a steel urinal against one wall, with a flip down seat, should the sergeant require it. 
Hot having had a chance to get anything to eat today, the Sergeant believed that he wouldn't require the use of the facilities overnight. Aside e from these features, and a a single chair by the bars of the door, the room was completely featureless. Even the light that filtered in was provided by illumination of a pair of lamps on the opposite wall, across the hall way from the jail cell. Electric bulbs burned in the sockets, fasting a harsh yellowish light over the whole scene. 
At around ten PM, the hallway lights were extinguished, and the room fell into darkness. Sleep ultimately came fitfully for Tall and Bastardy. And in the morning, when the lights came on, dark rings were visible under his eyes. The Hawkish Colonel in charge of the "investigation" came and spoke with him at length, standing in the hallway for the entire time, which necessitated that the Sergeant stand in front of the door while giving his "testimony" regarding the events of the previous day. He re-recounted his time in the brig, his time in his Commanding Officer's office, His CO commanding him to "get UT of my sight, sergeant" the trip across the base to the Sergeant's quarters. Discovering that the quarters door was open, and, upon trying to open the door further (by kicking it, because it made the sergeant feel all heroic and stuff, being tackled to the ground by the now deceased Oberleutnant.. 
The Colonel left, and several more hours went by. Lunch was served. Cold eggs and cold coffee. The sergeant wolfed them down like it was manna from heaven. 
"Not that there is a heaven", he thought to himself." If there was, he's not sure what that heaven would quite make of the Thousand Year Creigh's expansion OT the very stars themselves. 
The Sergeant was a pilot. A very special breed. A savant, if you will. He could look at a set of coordinates, and translate them Iain his head into a usable visualization of where the ship could possibly go from it's current location. 
The Thousand year Rough tended to give him assignments that required that sort of ability, which meant [lend of assignments that took him through "uncharted" space. Which was not entirely uncharted, only unexplored, thanes to the finite number of solutions the navigation computer could accept as valid sets of coordinates for the ship. It was hazardous duty, but someone , in fact very few people, were qualified to do such work as a matter of course, with any expectation of A) Accomplishing the Mission. And B) Accomplishing the mission in less than a standard earth lifetime. Or the lifetime of the Thousand Year Reich, for that matter.

He was a scout. He scouted for planets for the Thousand Year Reich to inhabit. He scouted to find them before the Americans or Russians or Egyptians did. And stuff. But this assignment was...different. He wasn't sure what was going on, and he certainly didn't have his feet under him. What had started as a simple "Do the right thing" act in a nigh club frequented by members of the Third Thousand Year Creigh Had taken a turn for th sinister. People breaking into his room People trying to kill him, or at least seriously hurt him. Or at least give him a black eye or something. There were now deaths involved. Deaths that were being investigated by the SUMP Special Military Police. Thats was never good Never eve ever good. Because they often got an idea into their head, and then let that dictate the course of the investigation, or so he'd heard in the past. He didn't know if that was going to be the case this time or not, but he'd soon know one way or the other. In any case, it was definitely a "career Limiting Move". "Scheisse."
The afternoon rolled by. The Sergeant beg and to cast about looking for something that he might start to make marks on the wall with, should the need arise, when a Corporal came and opened the door. "You are free to go, Sergeant. Collect your things at the front desk, and speak with the Disciplinary Lieutenant on the way out. 
The sergeant stood there for several long moments... ""Free to go? What sorcery is this?" He snapped out of it and left the Grey jail cell with it's lumpy mattress and lack of anything stimulating to do behind. He turned to the right and walked down the corridor, trailed by the corporal, who signaled for the door at the end of the block of cells to be opened for the pair of them. They stepped into a "Jail airlock, and closed the door behind them before the door that was in front of them buzzed open. The Sergeant walked down the corridor further, leaving the corporal tot hos guard duties, and approached the window where the jail kept the prisoners' belongings. He rounded up a box that contained his wallet and some miscellaneous personal effects, like his watch and shoes. He stepped into his shoes and put on his watch. He tucked th rest of the items into his pickets, and looked for the Lieutenant's office. The clerk behind the desk pointed. He's over there, Sergeant. Pointing at the office across the way. 
He stepped into the office and stood at attention in front of the desk. 
'"At ease, Sergeant."
"Sir."
"You're a very lucky soldier, Sergeant. I've not seen anyone walk out of here after being interviewed by Der Eagle. 
"The Eagle?"
That's what they call the colonel. The Eagle. He's got sharp vision and catches people out on the tiniest details and inconsistencies in their story. But Der Adler couldn't refute one thing about your story. 
"Oh?"
The Oberleutnant had a knife., and he looked like he had intent on using it on your. Well, that and the way he'd ransacked your quarters. It appeared that he was looking for something, but nobody is sure what that would have been. And he's not alive to tell us, or you. I suggest, privately, and I never said this, Thai you watch your back, Sergeant.
"Thank you. I'll keep that in minds, Lieutenant. And with that, the Sergeant saluted, turned heel, and strode out of the jail for the second time in as many days. 

He walked back across the base to his quarters. The railing had already been replaced in a rough fashion. The door frame was, however, still splintered. He entered his quarters and found that the entire room had been ransacked. His mattress lay on the floor. The drawers of the dresser were open, and uniform clothing draped out of them, there were piles of clothing on the floor. Every single object in the room had been moved, turned over, inspected, and tossed aside.
It was nothing short of baffling.
I suppose I should just keep going and see what the story tells me. Is Tall and Bastardy a superscript spier? I don't know. Haw. I'm so stuck at this point, I don't even know. I'm 12 and what is this?

Tall and bastardy reported as ordered to the flight line. For what reason, nobody knew. But that's whet you don when you're a pilot, right? You report to the flight line fora very mysterious mission involving some stuff or whatever. A chain of events was set into motion this day. One that would wind up taking the Sergeant down a path to leave the Thousand Year Reich, with treasure Rich and varied. Things the Americans would want to know about. Things the Americans would want to keep buried because, man, that's a bad thing for people to not share, or to know, or whatever. This is really a terrible plot. It's all bits and pieces and no coherence whatsoever.. I should really go back and find that plot line summary thing and sketch out a story in Tomahawk's history someplace that's actually interesting. Her and Maria and Timmons and Tall and Bastardy in an actually interesting adventure that people would care to read about - one of those people being ME! I would love to care about how the two of them are going to have all kinds of Indiana Jones adventures or whatever, but right now, I just can't see how this is going to work. This is just really really slow, and dull and I have a bunch of unconnected parts with no coherent story arc to pull all this together. Perhaps I'll write a short bit for the remaining 20k words. 
Tomahawk Jackson and the Nazi Temple of Doom or something. Total ripoff, but, what isn't? The setting isn't awful, I don't think. It just needs a lot more work getting into something coherent-sh. Why isn't there tremendous armed conflict. Why is there tremendous armed conflict? Who knows. Do the governments of earth care anymore? How long will it be before the various empires are so far flung that nobody cares about earth anymore? Or that nobody cares about the "rival" governments. I mean, when you have pretty much limitless expansion space, it gets hard to hold an allegiance to the central empire together, and that's a truism that goes back to the dawn of mankind. That empires can only grow as large as their communication systems will allow a message to be delivered in a reasonable amount of time. How large cant he communication network of translation grow? It depends on the speed of light, still, I imagine. 
A translating ship can pop into a system, and broadcast a packeted radio broadcast, but it still would somewhat depend on how fast, and how often those translations could be made. Surely, it's faster than a week per system, but how much faster? Is there a "Pony Express" that translates, does a message dump, picks up messages for downstream, and hops again? Probably. How long would that take? A few hours, per stop, I imagine. 
What about shipping? Do items get shipped from one system to another very of gen? Is the machinery so bulky inside a ship that nothing really large ever gets moved? 
Is that the purpose of the mystery ship of the Nazis? To move bulky things like bulldozers or tanks? Perhaps. Time will tell.

The Sergeant found himself standing, yet once again, in front of his Commanding Officer. It was a place that was starting to feel like home, if perchance your home happened to be a military boarding school for children with awful parents.
"Indulge me. Can we just review your record since you've set foot on this base, Sergeant?" The Colonel ticked off items on his fingers as he paced the rug in front of the Sergeant.
"One. You arrive, and your very first night here, you get in a fight with an Oberleutnant over perceived misconduct with a woman in a public place."
The Colonel ticked another finger off.
"You get out of the brig the following afternoon, and before I've had time to decide what to do with you, a bunch of my men find you crashing to the ground in front of them, and that very Oberleutnant winds up dead - and by the grace of God, your story checks out. You've been here two days, and been in jail twice. You count yourself extremely lucky that you have a talent that we need here on this rock, or I'd see to it that you didn't see daylight for the remainder of your assignment here."
The Colonel stopped in front of the Sergeant. "As it turns out, your particular talents are such that you may not see daylight for the remainder of your time here."
"Sir?"
"It's time to get you to doing what you came here for, Sergeant. It may have been let on before you arrived that this planet is an archaeological digsite. What has not been shared with you is that there appears to be an underground cavern that hold the ruins that we're here to explore. We want you to translate our team of rockhounds in so they can poke around and see what they can find that might be of use to us."
"Underground, sir? As in, below the surface?"
"That's correct, Sergeant. Under the surface. Our measurements lead us to believe that there is an entire underground city down there that was built by a civilization that predates our arrival here by, well, a long, long time, and we believe that there will be treasures and technology that will further our goals and hinder the goals of our enemies."
"Permission to speak freely, sir?"
the Colonel sighed with a little exasperation. "Yes?"
"Magic, sir? you think there's magic down in that hole, and that's what we're after?"
"I suppose it could be something like that, Sergeant. Magic, Technology, isn't it all the same thing when you look at it from the right reference point?"
The Sergeant hadn't been expecting a philosophical conversation with his CO today, or, well, ever, for that matter. He ran with it anyway.
"I suppose you're right, sir. I mean, I think the horse cavalry of the Prussian Campaigns would find the things that Baron von Richtofen found commonplace to be magic. A man flying in the sky, fighting with other flying men without a sword or cavalry or artillery. And for the Baron to see the change from Cavalry to spaceflight. It's an interesting world we live in, Sir."


And then everything was on fire. The plot, the summary, Captain Jackson, Maria SantoDomingo, The Sergeant. All of it. Because Jessica said so. And because everyone else has fire in their stories, and it seems appropriate to have fire in mine. The engire galaxy has been lit on fire in a new holy crusade of hellfire for Big Bang Stuff. 

Totally not really. I just don't have anything to write here in this story. At all. It's just all crap. The universe doesn't even have a lot of coherence. 

Sean Connery walked into the bar in Algiers. The interior was dark, except for sunlight glowing indirectly off a mud wall thorugh an open back door. The bar was long and narrow. Fabric was draped from the ceiling in that very "north africa" sor tof way. The man behind the bar wasn't Arab, however. He was dressed in an offwhite suit. A white fedora sat on the bar in front of the mirror. Bottles filled with liquor of every imaginable sort lined shelves in front of the mirror. The dark wood bar ran along the righthand wall of the establishement. A few tables were along the left side, across from the primary patronage parking places. A brass kickrail held barstools at bay. The heat, however, was not held at bay. At all. The interior was stifling. The bartender dipped a glass into water, then dried it off before replacing it with the rack of other glasses. 
Sean Connery sidled up to the bar.
"What'll you have, my good man. The bartender was thin, almost impossibly so, and had an upcountry British accent. An Expat. Naturally. There were quite a few in North Africa these days.
"Dry Martini, Shaken, not stirred, if you've got it."
"Shortly, sir!"
Sean Connery continued on towards the back of the establishment, selecting a seat just past the curve of the bar, where he could keep an eye on the front door, and be out of the line of sight of the back door. "Old habits die hard, I guess", he thought as he took his hat off and fanned himself with it. He glanced at his watch, then the front door before resuming his cooling mantra when the Bartender arrived with his martini. "Spectin' someone, are ya?"
Sean Connery nodded, "soon enough, I imagine." He sipped his martini and stewed in his own clothing. 'God, I hate Algiers. Why couldn't he have been someplace sensible, like Dundee or Edinburgh', he thought. On cue, a man came in wearing tan from head to toe. His dark hair and dark skin made him look like a native, but his demeanor and features betrayed him. Sean spoke, "Junior!"
The man continued to walk to the back, "Dad, don't call me Junior." He said as he took the seat next to hte older man.

"Well, you're junior to me. So it's going to stick for as long as I'm alive, Junior. You'd think you'd be used to it by now. Or something. In any case, did you bring that thing I was asking about?"
The younger man glared at the elder for a moment before producing a package, mostly book shaped, wrapped in plain paper. Newspaper. Tied with string. "Happy Birthday, Old man. Hope you don't consume it all in one sitting."
The elder amn opened the package. Inside was a Holy Bible. The man smelled the book, drawing it's scent in deep into his lungs. "Ah, the sweet smell of success. I thiank you, Junior."
"Don't call me Junior."
"OK, I won't call you Junior anymore, Junior." Said the man as he ran his finger down the goldleaved pages. He took the book to hand and flipped it open. From the inside he withdrew a cigar that had been one of several hidden inside the carved away pages of the bible. He lifted the cigar to his face and drew it along as he smelled the cigar, letting the heady scent of it drift through his nasal passages in a delightful array of emotions, all but one of them positive.

Then a rock fell, and everybody died.

This is ultimately a tale detailing the hazards of writing a novel for National Novel Writing Month.

You have been warned.

I get off the barstool, leaving a few credits behind to cover my tab, and head to my ship. Like every other ship, she's shaped like what they used to call a "Dirigible" back on Earth. That's how the Nazis were able to build a fleet of them right under the noses of everyone else on Earth. It was the 1930's, and while America was moving away from the airship - thanks to the twin disasters of the actual airships Akron and Macon - America (and by association, England) looked on Germany as pursuing a dying technology. America had the DC-3, Germany had the Hindenburg - and a lot of other airships, some of which weren't airships at all, but starships. My ship is the Ribbentrop. 130 meters long. Gray and ridged around her hull. Not fast, but steady. She's not in terribly good repair, but what the hell, things aren't what they used to be. I climb into the gondola slung under the hull (she is quite dirigible shaped - even still. It's tradition to do so, even though we have the technology to build a ship in a thousand different configurations now, I suppose. I plunk down in the Captain's chair, and put on a lightweight headset. 
"Ribbentrop to ground Control, requesting clearance to Planet Claire."
I push a few buttons and send my flight plan to them.
"Ribbentrop, this is Ground Control, we've got your plan, and you are cleared as filed. Good day."
I flip some more switches, and the ship blinks out of existence. POOF.

We find our heroes riding horses through some terrain that looks vaguely like the foothills of California. Our hero wears a duster, crimson read, with brass button, with an antique look about them. His shirt is red, tan trousers and boots. Nope.
Ugh. this really sucks. I can't think of anything approaching a coherent story to write. No characters are coming to me, no tension, no drama, no...nothing.
Le sigh. But the point is to keep writing, isn't it? I just aren't coming up with anything... No ideas whatsoever.
no ideas at all. I've really only got snippets of scenes from World of Warcraft, Lord of the rings online, that space thing, Firefly in my head. no characters are coming to me, which is irritating as all get out. Grr. Though I'm listening to cool music today. Bond. Not James Bond. the Group Bond. 4 women on all the album covers. OH. now it's Gary Hoey. I miss my Gary Hoey Christmas CD that I had in Florida. Florida of all places. Land of sun and squids. Tom on a motorcycle. That's an interesting thought. She'd like it. Well, she says she'd like it, anyway. good to know that there are still characters that live in my head a little bit. I'm really far out of practice at this...

"I'd want some kind of a sport bike, she says.
"Oh?"
"Yeah... I can't decide on red or black though. Definitely leather gear. Not that I want to go fast, but I want to LOOK fast." says the pirate wench that lives in my head. "I can picture riding along in what passes for winter in Florida, when it's about 70* out, and the leather isn't killer... Riding along a concrete 2 lane road, with the smell of the piney trees around, you know... That would be bliss. Just the ribbon of concrete unfurling out in front of me, very slight hills, no traffic... Like it's the end of the world come and gone."

"Maybe it is the end of the world?", I ask?
"Mmm. Could be. The roads are in good shape, and empty, though. Strangely, strangely empty."
"Sportbike or dirtbike?", I ask...
"Mmm... Sportbike. Not real suitable for exploration, but this isn't Earth. or it is. I'm undecided. But this sure is a nice ride..."
Tom rolls on for about a half hour before coming to a gas station set back in a clearing that's been cut into the pine forest. It looks deserted. the building's paint is peeling, and a couple of the windows in the door are smashed out. The large glass windows in front are intact, though. I wonder what's happened here, since the gas is still good (hasn't turned to varnish yet), but there's nobody around, and no sign of calamity. Very strange. the building is red, and the doors on the attached service bay are a light shade of gray, with little windows in them about 5' off the ground. The roof of the gas station is unusual, in that it's not the typical flat roof. It's slightly peaked, almost as though the gas station had been converted from a house or a barn back in the day, and had the roof over the gas pumps grafted on. There is one set of pumps under that flat, corrugated roof. This is, or was, a Texaco station. There's a sign near the door, and on it, written in chalk is an advertisement for "live bait". Tom snorts as she gets off the sleek red bike, and takes her helmet off. "I bet. Rather, I bet not... Let's see what we have in here..."

Tom walks across the short space to the front door of the gas station. It's painted brown, and has 4 panes of broken glass in the upper portion, while the lower portion is solid. It looks as though it'd had been stolen from a house at some point. Or perhaps this was a house, and they kept the original door? This is a very strange place, indeed, as the remainder of the front is floor to ceiling glass - unbroken. Someone took the time to break out the 4 small panes of glass, but couldn't be bothered to huck a rock through the gigantic windows? Very strange indeed.

The door open, Tom steps inside. The room is smallish, and somewhat in disarray. There's a case for holding packs of cigarettes hanging from the ceiling where the cash register is, and there are racks for other products behind that, but they're behind clear doors. In front of the large, unbroken windows, there's a freezer for ice cream (not running, a rack with some quarts of oil and a stack of paper funnels, and in the corner, facing Tom, is a cooler for Pepsi Products. It's empty, dark, and silent. To her left is a door that leads to the Service Bays. She opens the door gingerly and peers in. Devoid of cars, there are only racks of tires lining the walls, along with a tire changing machine and a couple tall, red toolboxes on wheels. One of them has a Hot Wheels sticker on the side of it, near the top. Not seeing anything of immediate value, she shuts the door and exits the building, walking slowly around it counterclockwise, listening for anything that's not the buzzing of cicada or the susurrus of the wind in the nearby pine treetops, and watching for movement in her peripheral vision. On the third side of the building, she finds what she's looking for.

She grabs the red rubberized handle sticking out of the left side of the junction box. According to the large black and gold sticker on the side of the box, she moves it from OFF to the ON position. It seats home with an audible snapping thunk, but there's no other indication that anything has changed. No electric hum from the junction box, no magical jukebox starting to play from some hidden corner of the garage...nothing.

Tom walks back around to the front of the station, where she sees that the lights are on inside the Pepsi cooler.

"Well, that's promising," she says, altering her course toward her bike at the gas pumps. She takes the key from the ignition and opens the fuel filler cap on the bike. She lifts the handle and futzes about a bit trying to select a grade of fuel to no avail. "Well, no shit..."

She replaces the gas nozzle, and crosses the concrete to the front door once more, where she steps inside, then around to the counter. She looks over the Gas Authorization Machine, and flicks some switches, and authorizes $1000 on Pump 1.

Returning to the bike, she fills it with some gas, and buttons up the gas cap. She starts to pull on her riding gloves once more, but stops halfway through, tilting her head for a moment. She crosses the concrete back to the office/micro mart (It's really too small to be a mini-mart), and she ducks behind the counter once more. She slides open one of the plexidoors guarding (HA!) the merchandise at the back wall of the room, and she removes a box, with a smile.

"Damn." she says. She takes out a cigar from the box, and smells it from end to end in one long sniff...
"Damn, I say...", she says, grinning.
She removes the 3 remaining cigars from the box, and tucks them into an inside pocket in her jacket.
She goes back out to the bike, starts it up, rides cautiously out to the concrete strip that delineates the road to...wherever. She begins the next leg of her journey as always - 0-60, ripping out a ferocious wheelie.

Wheelie ripped out, Our Heroine rides on down the road to no particular destination. The sun beats down from on high - indicating that it's a tropical summer, even though it's not particularly hot, nor humid. The red bike rolls down the road, chewing up mile after mile of empty highway. Signs of life more advanced than the occasional bug-splat are non-existent, aside from the carefully crafted road with a dashed yellow stripe running down the middle of it. The sky is a particularly dark shade of blue, and the sun's light is quite white. It's a strange place. Good place to be alone, however. The miles just roll off Tom's back, and a calmness, a placidity overtakes the worries of the day, the week, the year.

She's on an adventure planet. Some zillionaire has bought the whole system, and rents pieces of it out for the entertainment of those who can afford it. So that's the story, huh? I like it. Tom thinks back to her ship, docked in the spaceport 300 clicks behind her. It's a small package carrier. A tramp trader. And it's in dry-dock, getting an overhaul, which is the other thing that the owner of this system provides. Once you're 100 clicks outside the spaceport, there's big fat nothing. Well maintained roads, lakes to swim in. Mile after mile of emptiness. You can catch a lift to any ecosystem on this world. The air is breathable, the temperatures are...temperate to cool, and there's lots of space to go lose yourself in - which is a nice change from the hustle and bustle of 'regular' life in the Empire. And there's no carnivores to worry about - the owner did some mild terraforming, and nothing larger or more complex than an insect remains planetside.

Times had been flush recently, and Tom had learned that the best way to ensure that things remained flush for as long as they could was to spend it on the ship and the crew, and to treat herself to days like this as often as time and money allowed. Spending it on the ship kept her in good repair, which meant fewer 'surprises' - which were never a good thing - in the depths of space, or mid-jump. Spending it on the crew ensured their loyalty when surprises inevitably did happen, or when times were lean. Spending it on herself meant being stress free. A stress free Captain is a Captain that makes good decisions when unpleasant things happen. Making good decisions keeps people from dying. People not dying is considered to be a good thing in most circles, right?

So, she rides and rides, gassing up a couple more times before the sun sinks low in the sky. She pulls over into a clearing, and removes gear from a couple of built in something in the tail section of the bike. She sets up a tent, and then she prepares a light dinner over a small fusion stove. After dark, she crawls inside a sleeping bag and looks out at the millions of stars visible overhead for an eternity before drifting off to sleep.

She's awakened in the morning by the faint, familiar humming that anti-grav vehicles make. Her first mate calls out to her, "Tom... Hey, Cap!"
Dammit.
"What the hell, Timmons!"
"Sorry, Cap, but they need your thing on the thing about the thing...", Timmons said, a bit sheepishly, as though he didn't really know what he was talking about.
Tom sighed and called out, "All right. Get down here and help me pack this shit up, then..."
The skimmer flits low over the miles and miles of green pine trees, making good time. The open-topped craft carries the Captain, Timmons, a load of hastily packed camping gear, and a red motorcycle. Off in the distance, the sun glints off of polished metal, an accidental beacon pointing the way to the starport.
"So, what's this urgent 'thing about the thing'?"
"They need your sig on some paperwork. Something about the engine couplings or something. Gotta do it in person, so they sent me to fetch you." Timmons paused, his short blonde hair ruffling in the slipstream, "Sorry about your vacation, boss."
Tom grinned at the man, "Nah, s'aright. As pretty as this place is, I was bored out there. Too quiet for my liking. So you get to be my hero today, Timmons." She playfully punches him on the left shoulder.
"Hey, now! Tryin' to steer, here!" Timmons grins back at the redhead.
They approach the ship, coming in low and fast - well, fast for a skimmer, which is...not so much. They set down near the open cargo ramp. The ship is a pretty common type for this arm of the Empire. Long cigar shape. Atmospheric controls jutting out the back.
"Timmons, you get this stuff stowed, I'm going to go see about this thing about the thing that was so urgent." 
"Sure thing, Cap."
Tom crosses the concrete of the parking pads, passing several other ships on the way to the low, square building that houses the port's administration offices. The sun beats down on the white concrete lined here and there with yellow driving lines, red and white stripes outlining the limits of the parking pads, numbers in blue indicating the pad's number. The pine trees found further north can be seen to have given way to the occasional broad-leaved tropical tree - reminiscent of palms, but with leaves all the way up. Tom's boots thud softly on the concrete as she approaches the administration building. She pulls open the door and enters an air conditioned lobby, where a receptionist sits behind a broad, curved desk made of dark wood. He looks up and recognizes Tomahawk. "Ah, Captain. You're here to see about the thing, I presume?"
"I am."
"Excellent. Mr. Staffordshire has been expecting you. Down the hall a few doors, on the right."
Tom thanks the man, and follows his directions, finding the door, and entering without knocking. 
"Hey, Dan! What's this thing that Timmons had to come fetch me out of your fine back country over? I hope it's damn important!"
"Ah, Tom! Glad to see you, sorry we had to yank you out of the bush like that, though. We needed to discuss your engine overhaul. We're missing a crucial part - the last one we had in stock went into the Empress Jocelyn the day you arrived, and we're not due to get a replacement for three standard weeks."
"Mhm. So, Brian lifts day after tomorrow, and we're stuck here. Interesting timing, I'd say."
The aging clerk lifts his hands and shrugs.
"OK, Dan. Thanks."
"I'm sorry, Tom. It's the best I can do."
"I understand. Thanks again, Dan. I appreciate your efforts."
Tom turns on her heel and leaves the office, crossing the concrete at a determined pace to her ship, where Timmons seems to be making quite the task out of inspecting the landing gear. He turns and faces her when she gets closer. 
"Hey, Cap! How'd it go?"
"Marvelous. Get the crew together and button it up, Timmons. We're outta here."
Timmons shoots the captain a look, then shrugs, tucks the rag he'd been holding into a pocket of his coveralls, and ascends the cargo ramp.

Maria SantoDomingo sits at a large wooden table in the center of a ship's bridge. Shimmering above the table in front of her is a three dimensional plot of a star system. The central star glows a Solar yellow, but it's misshapen with a much smaller white lump protruding from one limb of the disk. Tactical markers are visible scattered throughout the system, moving slowly, when several of the indicators erupt in a ball of blue flame simultaneously, then disappear as the 'flames' burn out. 
"Damnit. Patrick! How did you pull that off?
Timmons enters the Bridge to the sound of a man's laughter coming over the intercom. What does the bridge look like? The front and left sides are a floor to ceiling latticework of thin steel framework, and glass, much like the cockpit of a WWII German Bomber. There are three specialized workstations along the right side of the cockpit, and two on the left side. The ceiling is high, and the room is well lit. A single workstation flanks the entryway door. In the center of the bridge, there's a large wooden table, with solid, bar-like legs toward either end. It has glossy glasslike inserts in the center, and there's a holographic display that's available to use. It hovers over the center of the table when in use - as in Maria's video game. The room is brightly lit by the sunlight pounding down on the ship, as well as being reflected up from the white concrete pad the ship rests on.
"I warned you, M. I'm a sneaky bastard", says the disembodied voice of the navigator of one of the other ships. Wings of Eagles is a popular game among navigators - it's a simulation game, but Navigators find it keeps their special breed of skills honed sharp. I'm having a really hard time writing long sentences. Because of the The First Five Pages book, which emphasizes over and over and over the need for tightness. Ah well, It's a process to just get in the habit of writing. I think it's time for an outline, don't you?
Our heroes, dull as they may be, The moniker of Dull, Tom objects to, but...right now, it's dull. Dull.
She's on vacation, see. And she has to come back and deal with the fact that she's being juked by the locals - in particular, a man she's known for a long time, and who has done her many a favor over the years. It's a little baffling, and a lot infuriating, so she decides to bail on ship maintenance. It seems that the Administrator of this downport has sold the very last one (of a common part) to her biggest rival, and the ship is going to sit for three weeks waiting for the replacement to arrive. Not happening. 
Our heroes pack up the ship with a quickness, take off, and....what? I have no idea. They fly around and get in trouble and get shot at...or not. Or they crash. Or there's just dramatic tension between the boring ass crew and their crazy leader. Hell, I don't know. Persistence. That's the key. 
So. We're leaving the planet for unknown parts of the universe, despite the fact that this planet is quite inadequately described, and three weeks would be PLENTY of time to get involved in some serious intrigue in the interior of the area. Find that lost civilization, or something. Except that this planet already has been described as being terraformed and icky. so I'm not sure what to do about that. Leave, I guess. To where, nobody knows. Other planets in the Empire. Why did the crew come to this backwater place to have the ship serviced. I don't know. They might, maybe. Or perhaps they're just passing through and holy shit.
The light streams in through the windows into the bridge. Timmons lets Maria know that she needs to prepare to bug the hell outsystem. She's a little surprised for a minute, then she tells the other navigator that she's got to bail on the game, and apologizes. The Captain comes in and the two ask a couple questions. Tom asks Timmons if he can keep the ship lined up until they can get into another facility, and he expresses that he can, with reservations.
Tom exits after asking Maria to pick a destination and start plotting a course while Tom goes to see if there's anything on consignment for that destination. She runs into the Administrator What's His Face, and she keeps the news of their departure secret. Timmons gets to putting the ship back together and going through systems checks. 6 hours later, the crew has a couple of small packages on board for their destination. It's not much, but it's less negative than they would be if they stayed here, so that's something. They check in with clearance delivery, and lift off without event. Once clear of atmo, The Administrator calls and bugs them, and Tom makes it clear that she calls shenanigans against him. The ship moves away from the planet, and transits to her next destination.

Our heroes enter the new system. A very orangey red planet hovers in the window of the Bridge. Much closer, a high port hangs in the near field, traffic zips in and out of a large hangar door in the side of the station. They contact the port and go through an automated arrival sequence. Timmons hates these things. It's just not natural to let a computer fly the ship into dock, no matter how efficient and error-free the process SEEMS to be.
In due time, they tuck inside the space station, which has airtight roll up doors inside a large hollow interior of the station. Many of the doors have hangar bays that correspond to common ship types, while others are large open areas. Ships that won't fit in either of these categories (unstreamlined ships, for instance) dock at the end of long airlock corridors. lights shining on, and welding of hulls can be seen on the hulls of some of these ships that are left to swing in the (non)breeze. The majority of the interior, however, looks like a huge curved block of garages. the ship pulls into one of the garages, and some time goes by while pressure and atmospheric content are equalized between the ship and the landing bay.
The cargo ramp is lowered, and a door of matching size on the 'forward' wall of the bay opens, retracting into the walls on either side. The crew meet briefly at the foot of the ramp, and then they exit into the station - each one of them palming a glowing white pad on a pedestal near the door. Tom has the small packages in hand. Timmons goes in search of the missing part. Maria goes in search of foodstuffs. Once in the main portion of the station, the place just seems to be made of a stack of rings, one above the other - Turtles All The Way Down, one might say. but not all the way down, since this is a High Port, and not an actual space elevator. Everything is white and grey. Colorless and sterile. Gravity plates in the floor are tuned to an individual, allowing people to maintain their orientation relative to their ship, rather than having zero gravity, or spinning the station (an operation that would make the current entryway impossible to navigate. The few stations remaining that don't have anti-gravity plates in the floor have the entryway on the endcaps of a cylindrical station. Enter the end, match rotation with the remainder of the station, then nudge the ship "downward", and let the games begin! (the primary difference between the two designs is that the former requires and ever tightening spiral, while the latter has the ship starting from a stationary perspective (relative to the station), and you start an ever-widening spiral as you 'descend' to your assigned landing pad. Still not a happy or fun thing to do, but certainly easier on the fuel budget.
Tom scans the address on the packing slip, and consults her computer, which has had a directory downloaded to it automatically. After checking that the addresses match, she moves the computer into her left hand, and tucks the package under her right arm. A path is projected onto the floor, which Tom starts to follow. It leads her to the nearest lift, which she takes to Deck 19. She follows the continued trace-projection down the corridor to the left, around a couple more corners, and into a long hallway. About halfway down the corridor, she passes a man with brown hair, a nice suit, and black leather gloves. When she arrives at her destination, she finds the door, brown and wooden and very out of place in this station, ajar. A desk lamp can be seen through the small gap of the open door.

Black gloves and electronic lock picks. The door opens, and a man enters. He accesses a terminal that's illuminated by a desk lamp. The man uses some sort of card on a wire, pressing it to the terminal, and then puts the card into a pocket. He exits.

1.2 Introducing Trouble – The Call to Action

The Ribbentrop FOOPS into existence above the main planet in this system. An enormous ringed gas giant fills the sky. Ships flit in and around the system. Massive battlecruisers show scarring down the side reminding the civilian captains that yes, there's a war on. Captain Jackson picks up the communications handset. "Regina Orbital Control, [thingie] ship Ribbentrop requesting clearance to Regina Ground Control Port." 
"Ribbentrop, Regina Orbital Control. Request denied. Hold position and await further instructions."

SantoDomingo quirks an eyebrow at the captain - a look that says, "That can't possibly be good."
"Copy, Regina Orbital. Standing By."

"Well, that's...interesting. And not good. What in the five fucks is that about, do you wonder?"
SantoDomingo shrugs. "No idea, Captain."

Which is good, because I don't have any freaking idea, either. But this is a word sprint, so it's just important to keep going, and let the story flow. 
A small customs-cutter type ship left the orbital station, and burned toward the Ribbentrop, her English Empire markings red white and blue along the side of her hull. That's definitely not good. 
"Timmons!"
"Cap?"
"Is everything in good order in the hold?"
"To the best of my knowledge, Cap, yeah."

Everybody hang on...This could be a bumpy ride.

The cutter slowly pulled away from the station and came alongside the Ribbentrop, neatly coming alongside, but not as neatly as some might have preferred in the circumstances. 
 I have no earthly idea how a crew would get from one of these things to a dirigible. There's not really a good way to do it, so I'm just going to have them .... 
A hatch opened in the side of the cutter, and a man appeared, holding what looked to be a rifle. A puff of compressed air vented into vacuum, and a suction cup with a line attached traversed the distance between the two craft. Shortly, a faint impact with the side of the Ribbentrop's command deck was heard, and perhaps felt...or perhaps that was only imagination...where the suction up stuck to the side of the craft. 
The cutter's crew attached karabiners to the line joining the craft. Their suits were a bronzish color, with plenty of brass fittings in a number of spots. They drifted lazily in an arm over arm fashion along the line, traversing the distance mostly like so much space junk. It occurred to Captain Jackson that she could maneuver away just now, and the men would be granted a slow tour of the galaxy - presuming of course that she wanted to be done for premed murder - and further presuming that the pilot of the cutter couldn't catch them - and still further presuming that the men didn't have maneuver packs enough to get turned around what with their low velocity. 
"Jeez, I wish they'd hurry it up. At least a little bit." - Timmons forward from the engine room and began to pace near the bulkhead at the back of the bridge. 
At long last, clanks and clunks could be heard as the first of the boarding/inspection/whatever the hell this was party stopped outside the single airlock the ship possessed. 
Through the hull, a voice could be heard. "Captain of the Ribbentrop, this is Lieutenant Briggs of Regina Immigration and Inspection. You are ordered to stand to for inspection."
The crew gave each other meaningful looks. 

This wasn't good at all.

The door hissed open, and the Captain's ears popped as the air in the bridge rushed in to fill what vacuum the pumps couldn't get rid of as the airlock had pressurized. Three Navy Jacks stood, still helmeted, in the airlock. 
"Captain Tomahawk Jackson, your ship is hereby Something'd by the Regina High Court. Please take me to the control module, where I will direct your ship to impound.

"What? Under what authority, Jack?

"There's a war on, Captain. And you've just been recruited."

Blank stares all around, from all three of the crew members. 

"Recruited? That doesn't make any sense, Jack. If we're recruited, then why are we out here, instead of docked at Orbital, being put to good use or something?"

That's when she noticed the revolver the Jack had produced. Not a Navy Jack after all. 

"Man, this just isn't my day."

The "Jack" motioned with the revolver. "Right. Over there, now... that's good. You're quite right. It's not so much being recruited, as it is being...shanghaied." The second Jack stepped forward, a slip of torn paper in his hand. "You, Navigator," he gestured at SantoDomingo, "Take us here."
SantoDomingo glanced at the Captain, who gave the barest of nods, then she took the slip of paper and looked at the coordinates printed on it. Her eyes got wide. "Uh...Captain? These...er...fine gentlemen...want to go into the [INSERT NAME HERE] system. 
Tom looked from the second Jack to Maria and back to the first Jack. "Well, I've a mind to ask if you've lost your mind. Instead, you're going to put that gun away, and offer me and my crew here half."
Timmons' eyes bugged out. "Uh...Tom?"
"Not now." She looked back to the Jacks, who were wavering, looking back at one another now, looking for some sense of consensus between them. 
The head Jack spoke up first "Thirty Percent."
"Fifty."
The head Jack gestured with the pistol, "Thirty."
"My ship. You need all three of us. The way I see it, you can shoot me, but that won't get you their cooperation. Shoot either of those two, and we all wait for the Proper Coppers to show up to collect you. Fifty. Take it. I figure whatever you want in that system is worth...well, this. So it's not insignificant. It's not your grandmother's wedding band. And half is the damn best offer you're going to get today. Take it before I change my mind and go there myself after the boys in blue have rounded you up. I reckon you have about 7 minutes before they get here. Decide.

"The best offer we're going to get today, you say?"
"Yep. Take it, or get off my ship."
Off to the side, a second cutter appeared on the ships sensors. A second cutter, burning for the Ribbentrop.
"I take that back. You have 2 minutes."
The first Jack lowered his gun. "OK. Fifty percent." The Jack looked nervously at the sensor panel, he'd seen it, too. "Can we go now?"
"Marie, get us going. Timmons, chop chop! We gotta burn hard if we're not going to have company!"
Shortly, the ship started to turn. The suction of the tethers came free with a faintly hilarious popping sound, and the first cutter started to drift in space, turning end over end slowly. The Ribbentrop silently glided forward (because space, right?) slowly gathering speed. The second cutter made course correction toward the Ribbentrop. The camera shifts to follow the Ribbentrop as she blinks out of existence, leaving vacuum to fill in the vacuum where the ship once was. 

The world tilted crazily for a moment a the crew and new "passengers" felt their world stretch and strain under the combination of Einstein's Theory of Special Relativity and Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle. Visual fields stretched. It felt like you were on a bender, but your feet were wearing leaden boots, and your arms were 3 meters long. Items close at hand suddenly seemed impossibly far away, while objects across the cabin seemed like they were easily in reach. The world stretched and stretched for what seemed like an impossibly long time, and then...POP. Everything returned to normal, aside from a faint buzzing sensation some people felt at times. The ship had translated through the space-time continuum by pinching a little piece of it together. Sometimes this worked out well, but your calculations needed to be fairly precise to have any accuracy. You might come out with a time distortion, or you might arrive someplace different than where you'd planned. Occasionally, ships just disappeared. Piracy was not uncommon - no more uncommon than a bad translation that deposited you near a sun or gas giant without the required orbital velocity to escape. Those times happened, and it all came down to your Nav. If your Nav could calculate a new translation to get you out of the sticky situation before you burned up, or before the increasing pressure of the gas giant's atmosphere crushed your hull like an empty can.

"Oh shit. Marie, can you get us a fix on where we are?"
Jack One says, "What do you mean...where we are?"
"That jump was blind, Jack. Your shenanigans with that pistol back there mean that we had to translate with whatever coordinates happened to be in the nav. This is not good. We're very lucky that space is mostly, well, empty space. We might have landed inside a sun, or large planet. Only fact that I can tell you this means that we didn't. Marie?"
"Still working on it, Captain. Nothing big around, so it shouldn't take long to figure it out. Gimme, I dunno...three minutes?"
Tom nodded, and turned to address the three Navy Jacks. One of them didn't look so steady. Good.
"OK. Since this is officially now a joint venture between the three of you, myself, and the crew of my ship, and we're officially, if temporarily, lost in the depths of space, you're not going to be needing that pistol. Give it to your green companion there and have him take it to the back and have Timmons stow it in the safe. What's your name, Fake Navy Jack The First?"
The man with the pistol looked briefly back and forth between his third and the Captain before reluctantly handing the pistol over and gesturing toward the gangway that Timmons had sprinted down shortly before. Navy Jack the Third tottered down the gangway, unsteady on his feet.
"I'm Sean Connery. These are my...friends. Tim Conway and Benedict Cumberbatch."
"Well, Sean Connery, how's about we have a little sitdown and you tell me just what the in the holy hell this is about?"

"Tell me your name, Captain. If we're hiring you for a share, and we're to trust you're not going to chuck us out the airlock first opportunity, and if we're not to do the same, I think we should get on terms that are a bit more amicable, if not friendly. What do you think, Benny?"
Benedict nodded in agreement.
"Call me Tom. This is Maria, and your man has met Timmons by now, in the back. Now, would you mind telling me and mine what in the holy hell you and yours are on about, friend?"
"I'd rather we figured out where we are. The detail of this...caper...", Sean smiled, "I like that. Anyway, the details of this 'caper' are still a bit fluid, because, quite frankly, Captain...Tom...Neither I nor either member of my co-conspirators have any flocking clue what the hell we're doing, or how we came to be on that cutter that docked with you, or why it is that you got an official broadcast from Regina Highport to stand down, and then they sent the three of us up here to hijack you. Such is the way of the November Story. It just sort of falls together. I do know that the three of us were locked up in a place that the jailers referred to as "Al-Qutrahz". I can't remember why. I know I can crack the hell out of a safe, and I've scaled high rise buildings to get at them in the past. And I look good in black, and I have a Scottish accent to top the list of qualifications I might have on my résumé for "Primary Character". And I have a slight overbite that makes my enunciation distinctive enough that everyone recognizes me in the screenplay. 
Sean grinned a familiar twinkling grin, while Bennie had a look of "Hey, what am I, Chopped Liver?" gracing his face. 
"I think we're going to go consult Seventh Whatsits' face to figure out what the heck is so valuable in that system that it's worth stealing s ship over (despite your generous offer, captain, that is how this whole...caper...yes, I quite like that... started off, if we're being honest here.) We're going to go and figure out what's so valuable to hijack you, but not so valuable that we're not going to double cross you... Right - like the readership can't see that coming from RIGHT HERE IN THE PLOT, RIGHT?
It might be Jewels.
It might be an ancient artifact.
It might be legal documents that clear our friend of wrongdoing - which is why we agreed to an easy 50%. It's all expense and no recompense. Sure, you're welcome to 50% of our buddy's freedom, which we are securing after our escape from the local pokey for not paying a bar tab and getting in a fight with this guy known as Tall and Bastardy. Mostly he was tall. But we had to put up a show of negotiation because, when it all comes right down to it, if we'd agreed right out the gate, you wouldn't have believed that we were after something worth bartering over, now would you, Captain?"
"No, actually, I wouldn't have believed you, and I'd have just waited for the Propper Coppers to pop round to collect you." 
"Maria, where the hell are we?"

"Near as I can figure, Captain, we're in Nowheresville."
Captain Tomahawk Jackson (called Tom by damn near everyone) quirked an eyebrow - because she can - and asked, "Nowheresville? What the hell is that?"
"Well...it's a lot like it sounds. That was a tricky system we were in, Cap. It's one that has a half dozen Nowheresvilles that you can land in if you don't calculate carefully. It's a place where you could be in one of several locations in charted space. Translating out of it gets tricky, because you...well, you just pick which place you THINK you're at, and you calculate your next translation based on that assumption. But that's just it. It's an assumption. If it's the wrong assumption...bad things happen, and the math is just too complicated to calculate multiple possibilities. I could go into a long discussion about orbital velocities, and how a translation plot is only valid for one point in time, and if you don't go at that moment the aforementioned Bad Things happen, but you know some of this, and it's boring as hell to almost everyone anyway."
"Zzzzzz."
Maria picked up the piece of chalk that she'd been plotting with and tossed it at the Captain. It vaulted lazily end over end before pinging off the bulkhead behind the captain and landing on the deck with a chalky, hollow sound. 
Tom turned to Sean, "Lovely. So, not only did we save your butts, we put 'em in a sling, too. Right. Excellent... Just the thing I... forgot what I was going to say. Lovely."
"So, We don't know where we are, and not knowing might kill us. I'm in complete agreement with you, Captain. That's...lovely. This caper gets more and more interesting by the minute. Perhaps I should have just stayed in the clink for a while longer." Sean grins that grin of a distinguished older man who has seen an awful slice of life.
"What's next?"

The Navigator, Maria Santo Domingo, looked flummoxed, "Well, Captain, I've been able to narrow it down to probably 5 different positions we might be in. Given some time, I suspect I could work out a translation that we could try, and what to expect at the end of it. If we get lucky, one of the results matches where we wind up close enough. If not, we wind up worse off than where we are now."
Tom pondered for a moment, weighing the options. "Show me what you got in a couple of hours. Sean and Bennie and I need to go have a little heart to heart chat about what this caper is all about.
Tom gestured toward the gangway leading back to the stairs that lead up into the remainder of the Ribbentrop, "After you...

The trio ascended a narrow set of steel stairs to a corridor that ran along the bottom of the hull of the ship. Forward were crew quarters, aft was what little cargo space the ship had, along with the vast and somewhat delicate quantum uncertainty machinery that translated the ship through the fabric of the space-time continuum. They met Tim Conway coming forward from the aft of the ship. They turned the corner at the top of the stairs and headed forward on the captain's direction, now the four of them shortly arriving at the mess after passing the crew and guest quarters. They all took seats around the mess. Electric lights surrounded with anti-breakage cages were affixed to the Bulkheads throughout the ship. Most of the fixtures were utilitarian and steel, but evidence of the craftsmanship was still apparent in some of the fittings and fixtures. Or was it? 
When they got there...to the "out there" that human kind had always been looking up to, They found that the Germans had been busy colonizing for several years. Mankind had reached the stars, and we brought the specter of war with us.

The first battles were mostly misunderstandings. But it never takes long, even with endless space to explore and colonize, before someone, someplace, wants to take the stuff you have and make it his or her own. Such is the nature of being human, I suppose. And these three men, they wanted to take my ship. I wasn't going to let that happen. 

I wasn't going to let that happen. When the three of them came aboard, things could quite possibly have gone very badly for us. I think, but am not convinced, that disaster has been averted, at least temporarily. Sitting at the mess table with Sean Connery, and his two...let's call them coconspirators for the moment, shall we? I wasn't sure what my plan would be, but I know that I'd managed to defuse the short term danger. 
Who were these guys, where did they come from. How did they get aboard that cutter - more importantly, how did they fake the signal from Regina High port? Was that signal even faked? Perhaps the second cutter coming from the station was actually the original cutter. So many questions, so few answers to be had. 
So now, I had the three coconspirators around the mess hall table, and I didn't feel like I was any closer to having answers than I was three sprints ago. Over a thousand words, and still no answers, only questions. And some pointless history, too, I think. History, though, is never quite pointless. It sometimes shows the way forward. 
"So, what's your deal, Connery? What are you after in the [NAME REDACTED] system that's worth risking your life and limb to get? And what's the deal with the wireless hail from Regina High Port? How did you manage that?"
"Wireless call? What wireless call? We managed to get inboard that cutter, and Benny here, he's got a little experience flying boohoos back on Rigel Seven. He was the one that got us pointed toward you, and he managed to get us alongside without killing us. I think that's the major victory for use for the day, from my perspective."
"Not dying is your yardstick for victory? Ho boy, what have I gotten myself into here."
"Well, I doubt I'd be inclined to call that our ONLY yardstick for victory, Captain. But it's a start, that's for sure. Now, what's this about a wireless call?"
Tomahawk looked puzzled for a moment. "We got a wireless call from Regina High Port, ordering us to stand to for inspection. It was an unusual request, but not so unusual as to raise an eyebrow or anything."
"HM. We'll have to come back to that later in this conversation. I got nothing."
"Fair enough. Now, what is it you're chasing, Mister Connery. Treasure? Freedom? The Luck of the Irish?"
"It's my brother. He's being held in a prison in the [NAME REDACTED] system. I've got to go there and try to get him out. I mean, he's my son, you know?"
"Pardon me while I figure out which half of your son I'd rather take as payment. Top half, perhaps? Or How about just the left side?"

"Well, let's not be...HASTY or anything... I mean, I said we're out to fetch my brother, but that doesn't mean that there's nothing in the way of recompense for you and your crew, Captain. The [NAME REDACTED[ system is hardly a vast wasteland of nothing, now is it - or I suspect that you wouldn't have been so quick to offer up your services for a share, without knowing what the prize was?"
Tom had to admit that the man had her on that point. Once Maria had mentioned the name of the system, she'd immediately figured that the prize had to be something of monetary, not sentimental, value. She'd forgotten about the prison there. Damn. This could turn out to be a very expensive venture after all. Damn. Damn. Damn. "Well," she thought, "might as well see what he's got up his sleeve."
"What did you have in mind, Mister Connery? Stealing a battle cruiser? Hidden Nazi gold, perhaps?"
"Well, Captain, my own particular specialty is archeology, and I've heard a few things about what the Nazis have discovered in that system, and I know a few people that might be interested in obtaining some samples of those things. Agents of the Monarchy, for instance, might fall into that group of people, perhaps."
"And what makes you think I'd be interested in stealing dirt-encrusted space junk and hocking it to the Bobbies?"
Connery grinned. "Do you think we picked your ship completely at random out of all the ships that were in range when we left Regina High port? We know about your little extra-curricular activities, Captain, and you seem like an ideal candidate for such an adventure. Blip in, pick up my son - who has information that will be useful for getting me out of the predicament that I'm in, and you? You come back out of the [NAME Redacted] System with some widgets stolen from the Nazis that your government would be keenly interested in. And More keenly interested in asking you if perhaps you might like to be paid for your time and trouble if you'd care to go back and get more of them. Paid handsomely, as it were."
Tom considered this for an excessively long time. When the three men started looking a little restless, she stood up and led them to their staterooms, advising them that she'd be a while discussing the thought with her crew before coming to a decision. 
"Very well, I expected no less, Captain Jackson. I believe that figuring out where we are is, in fact, the more pressing concern at the moment. I'm rather allergic to the thought of fueling a star with my component atoms, actually."

Captain Tomahawk Jackson walked back down the corridor toward the stairwell that led down to the gondola where the control room for the ship was. She hollered back toward the engine bay, "Timmons, Get your ass up here, chop chop, mate!", as she turned the corner and went down the stairs.
Entering the bridge of the Ribbentrop, she saw her Navy working on plotting alternatives for getting them out of the predicament they currently were in. Namely, not knowing where they were. They'd translated out of the Regina system with whatever numbers were in the ship's computers at the time, which meant that A) They'd narrowly escaped a very real possibility of death, and B) They still faced the very real possibility of death the next time they initiated a translation. 
"How's it going, Maria? Any luck?"
"HM. Well, I've got alternates plotted that are valid for up to one hundred and ninety four minutes from now for three of the five possible positions that we might wind up in. I think I'll have time for one more before it'll be time to just pick one and hope for the best. But I'm happy with an 80% chance at the moment. It's a hell of a lot better place to be than we were 2 hours ago."
Timmons came into the room at that point, "You rang, Captain?"
"Yeah, I did."
Tom looked at each of her two crew. On the one hand, they were 'just' employees. On the other, they were stakeholders in the ship. On the third hand, they were her best friends. People she'd spend long months in close proximity with, and people she'd be willing to bet her life that they'd be there to back her up if the shit hit the fan - because she would, if they were in the same spot.
"Well, the Jacks have a cunning plan, and I think I may have boned us. So, it's time for a stakeholder meeting to figure out what we're going to do."
Maria crossed her arms and looked a little dubious. Timmons looked interested.
"The old one - Connery's his name. Turns out he's out to rescue his sine from a penal colony prison something or other. Which leaves us high and dry. One hundred percent out of pocket costs, and a goodly chance of ending up in the clink forever to boot."
Maria cocked her head. This wasn't going well.
"HOWEVER..." the Captain said, "Connery's also an archaeologist, and he says the Nazis Have dug up Some interesting stuff in that system. Stuff that we could probably cadge along the way. Stuff that the Queen Mother - more specifically, the Queen Mother's spooks - might be mightily interested in, if we were to Bring some of it for them. I'm a little curious what could be in that system that'd keep the spooks off our back - particularly if we could manage to sneak in and bring out a couple different loads of whatever this mystical archaeological widget is that the Nazis are so keen on, know?"
"So, ultimately, it's up to the two of you. I'm outvoted either way I choose. Discuss."

The two crew looked back at each other, a flurry of Look going back and forth between them. Risk assessment. Reward processing. They each already knew what the other was thinking. It was pretty much a foregone conclusion. They already were in possession of a ship that Few others could imagine ever owning. The Ribbentrop was a prized possession. But on the other hand, they'd made a reputation for what in genteel times would be considered "Small Package Delivery". Smuggling. It had started getting more and more risky lately. More frequent inspections, and more thorough inspections. A chance to pull off a caper with a payoff of getting in the good graces of Her Majesties Secret Police Dudes? That was kind of a no-brainer. The real risk would be getting into a highly restricted system controlled by the Nazis, and then getting back out with a prisoner, and some possibly highly valuable widgets dug up from an archeology site in the depths of space. 
Once we got off of earth, Archeology became an interesting discipline to be in. There were signs of civilizations found on some of the newly discovered planets, but Humanity had not yet discovered another form of higher life. Enrico Fermi had postulated in the early 40s that Humanity might possibly be the only intelligent life in the galaxy. So far, it seemed that would be the case. 
Much of what was found was typical early civilization records. Pottery, Arrowheads, etc. Indication was that proto-intelligent life had been on a number of worlds, but had all become extinct through one method or another. A few had been wiped out by strikes by comets or asteroids. Some disappeared without a trace. But none had left even Bronze-age tools behind. If the Nazis had discovered evidence of a more advanced civilization, that would be a tremendously important find. 
The two crew members looked back at Tom and said simultaneously, "We're in."
The Captain let the words hang in the air for a few minutes before pushing off the console she'd been leaning on. "OK. I'll go let our employers know of our decision."
She flipped on the ship wide intercom. "Gentlemen, and lady, Please assemble in the Mess in 5."

Tom closed the intercom channel, and straightened her jumpsuit. She walked across the bridge, and ascended the stairwell, turning the corner once again, headed for the Mess. Timmons and Maria were a few steps behind.

Once in the Mess, Tom poured herself a couple fingers of Gin in a melamine tumbler before turning a chair around and straddling it, facing the mess table, waiting for the Three Jacks.

The Three Jacks - One Two and three entered the mess bay, still in their spacesuits. They looked a little apprehensive, to say the least.
"Have a seat, gentlemen." 
The three jacks took seats on the other end of the mess table. Timmons was in the seat to the left of the Captain, and Maria to the right. Tim Conway was next to Timmons, purely coincidence, I'm sure - and Bennie Cumbers was next to Maria. Sean Connery sat at the far end of the table. 
Sean opened the conversation. "Have you come to a decision with your crew, Captain? Are we your employers, or are you going to space us out here, where nobody could ever happen to find our bodies?"
Tom looked shocked.
"Oh, come now, you don't think the possibility hadn't crossed out minds, now that you've disarmed us - willingly, I might add."
"Actually, no, the thought hadn't crossed my mind. But now that you mention it..."
Timmons and Maria looked at the Captain, who then grinned, "Relax, guys. A joke."
Timmons and Maria had a look of relief wash over their faces. Yep. We've been through an awful lot together, but damned if I don't still catch them unawares sometimes, thought the Captain.
"OK, I laid out the barest pieces of your plan with my crew, and they're in. So, whither they elect to go, I lead. Do you have anything more cunning than 'we swoop in, grab my son, steal some priceless artifacts from the heavily guarded Nazi Archaeological dig, then fly away free like a drift of smoke on the wind?' Or is that actually the best plan you've got at the moment?"
Connery looked pained, and somehow a little older than he did a moment before. "Well, Captain, I'm afraid that I'm a might bit short on...specifics...regarding the [REDACTED SYSTEM], so yes, that was more or less the level of detail that I had for this plan. It seems, however, that we've found the right people to assist the three of us in our endeavor. Resourceful lot. That's what you seem, if you don't mind my pointing that out, Captain."
Only fifty words more to go in three minutes. I can do this. 
"Well, Mister Connery, on that count, you are correct. We are, as you say, Resourceful, if nothing else. Sometimes that's about all we have around here. It's a hard life we've chosen. But we manage to get by. That said, where do we start planning this caper? Maria will tell you, despite appearances to the contrary thus far, we don't do anything around here without a pretty detailed plan, with some contingencies for when - not IF, WHEN- things invariably go south. "No plan survives first contact with the enemy, and all that."

Sean looked a little ragged around the edges for a moment. Then P S Y came on. Not so much came on, as got stuck in his head briefly during this writing sprint. That happens sometimes when you're not entirely sure where you want to go next with the story. 
"Well, I think we can come up with some research thingamajigs if we do a this thing or another, and we can come up with a plan." 
"Won't that be just a little difficult, considering you just busted out of jail, then translated out of system? I'm pretty sure that you're being...looked for, Mister Connery. As you mentioned, we could perhaps stuff you out the locker, and translate back into known space claiming we were hijacked, but were successful in overpowering you. But to bring you back with us is rather a bit more problematic, wouldn't you say?"
Sean Connery looked pensive for a long time while the author tried to figure out what the hell to do next. I mean, clearly the answer is to introduce another (YET ANOTHER) complication to the story, but this seems pretty complicated already, considering that the crew needs to translate back to known space, do research on a very highly classified and protected system under Nazi control, then translate there, figure out how to get in and out of a prison, steal some priceless archaeological artifacts, then translate back out of system and on to friendly territory once again, with a prisoner who may or may not be wanted back in friendly territory, and the three Jacks, who definitely ARE wanted in friendly territory. Then deliver the artifacts to the MI5 or MI6 or whoever, without being arrested and thrown in some super-secret clink someplace, unknown and completely forgotten. 
Nope no complications here to be seen whatsoever. 
AND WE DON'T EVEN HAVE A BIG BAD YET! Some Nazi dude who is going to chase our heroes to the ends of the galaxy. Something with flamethrowers for arms or some weird thing. Breathing through an iron mask or something. Get up, get down, put your hands up to the sound. Meanwhile the crew and the Jacks continue to deliberate about how they could possibly paint the author into an ever tighter corner that is going to take either a lot of creativity or a lot of bullshit to get out of. Fuckers. I hate you guys, and I love you at the same time. Shit heads. At least I'm over 400 words again. Just brain dumping hoping to give my subconscious some time to sort this thing out. 
CZ you know that the first translation out of here isn't going to go well. And it'll get cut from the final version as being not tight and being pretty pointless, so I don't know why I'm even going to bother writing that, aside from the additional tension in the story. Boring. This story just isn't hanging together the way I'd hoped it would. I think next year I'll do a lot more planning and have at least the story hung on some pegs with some sense of what the beginning, middle and end will be like. Oh, Oh, and I'll have a big bad that I can stick in the story already.

Captain Tomahawk Jackson looked across the console to her Navigator, Maria Santo Domingo. The bridge of the Ribbentrop looked like it'd been lifted right out of an old submarine back on earth. light bulbs were ensconced in steel cages with two colors available, white, and red. Consoles were built of steel, with analog gages showing various values corresponding to various measurements vital to the translation of the ship through time and space to a new destination when the time came. In the center of the bridge was the Console. The one piece that looked new. It, too, was built of steel, and it looked like a billiard table otherwise. But the top of the table was glass, with etched lines corresponding to the proposed curvature of space that the Navigator needed when plotting a course. Hanging from the ceiling was a conical projector, with a flat base that served to project a three dimensional holograph of the proposed translation for easy visualization by the Navigator. It was this console that Tomahawk Jackson looked across at her raven-haired, olive skinned Navigator.
"Well, Maria. What do you have for me?"
The Ribbentrop had translated in a hurry a few chapters back, and that was widely regarded to be a Bad Thing. Currently, nobody knew where, exactly, the Ribbentrop was. This included the Captain and Crew of the Ribbentrop...
"Captain, I think we're ready to go. I've got 4 of 5 possible destinations plotted, and if we get lucky, we'll find we're in one of them, or at least close, and we can get recalibrated, and we'll be in tip top shape. If we're not lucky..." Maria let this trail off for a second... "But the odds say we've got a good chance of being OK, Cap."
"OK, well, lemme go make the announcement."

Captain Jackson grabbed a phone from the console, and opened a channel to the ship. All 6 people. 
"Attention Gentlemen, and Lady. Please take your seats for translation. With some luck, we'll find ourselves someplace happy and familiar, with puppies and warm blankets for everyone. With no luck, we won't know what hit us. So, I suppose, considering these may well be the last words you hear, that might be considered lucky as well. Surely better than cancer, right? Jackson, Out."
"Hit it S-D."
The navigator did a bunch of magical hand wavy technological things, a lot like The Doctor, running around the console, flipping switches and turning cranks. Strange noises started to creak through the hull of the Ribbentrop as the very fabric of space and time started to twist and warp, bending the ship, without actually bending it. The crew and passengers felt as though their feet were very far away, but their hands were very close. Like they could reach out, reach out and touch someone, reach out, reach out and just say "hi"...
And then the world stretched one last time, and there was a popping noise, like when you put your finger inside your cheek and flick it to the outside. 

And the Ribbentrop was struck by an object, rolling onto her side, straining what passed for "artificial gravity", making it difficult for the ship to maintain some semblance of "up" for the crew. The tail end swung wildly to starboard, pivoting the whole ship around the center of mass, which was much further forward. 
"TIMMONS!" the Captain shouted.
"Ah, FUCK...", Timmons' voice over the intercom. At least the hull integrity wasn't breached...badly... "I'm on it Captain..."
The world spun and lurched for what seemed to be an eternity. Maria Santo Domingo hoisted an arm and an elbow up onto the console, and her head peeked up over the edge. She had a pretty nasty gash over her right eye, and blood was streaming down her face. Captain Jackson thought to herself that it was a head-wound and that it was probably supposed to look that way. At least, that's what she hoped. 
Slowly, the ship's inertial field stabilized, and there started to be something that resembled "up" once more. Captain Jackson unbuckled her harness and undid the shoulder straps, allowing herself to slide to the floor where the inertial/gravity field was least likely to be wavering, and started low-crawling across the deck toward her Navigator. The sensation of spinning was beginning to ebb somewhat. Jackson presumed that this meant that Timmons had a handle on whatever was going on back in the back. This might not be the end of the world, she thought. Not today, anyway. Not today. 
Santo Domingo peered down from her kneeling position at the console at the Jackson low crawling her way around the corner of the console, and she broke into an enormous grin, "Hell of a translation, huh, Cap?"

"Ha! You're not kidding! What the hell WAS that, Em?"
"I haven't got any idea...yet." Maria picked up the inter phone and rang to the back. Three beats went by. "Timmons? Yeah. OK. OK. OK. Thanks." Maria replaced the handset in the cradle and shuffled around the console on her knees, steadying herself with her elbows and wrists on the console. The inertial field still was fairly wobbly, so Captain Jackson took the opportunity to just lie flat on her back on the floor, looking up at the bulkhead that made up the ceiling of the gondola that contained the bridge. Maria was busy adjusting controls anyway. This is why she had the crew she had. She could just trust them to do the things that needed doing to get them where they needed to be, and when they needed to be there, while Captain Jackson's contribution was...lying on the floor, staring up at the bulkhead that comprised the ceiling of the gondola that comprised the bridge of this ship that would have been considered impossible when Captain Jackson had been born in Iowa in 1920. 
Tomahawk thought to herself that she had three "passengers" who were in their quarters, which happened to be immediately above the bridge of the Ribbentrop. She idly wondered how they were doing up there. The ship certainly took a massive hit, and the three "navy jacks" may or may not have been faring well up there. Captain Jackson quirked an eyebrow and pursed her lips in a silent look of "well..." She could probably hand and knees her way up the gangway to go check on them, but They'd tried to shanghai her ship. Captain Jackson lay on the floor, head tilted up so she could just make out the stairwell leading up to the ship's main deck, and she giggled. "Fuck 'em."
"Cap?" 
"Nothing, Em. Keep doing what you're doing."
"Alright."
It took about twenty minutes for things to stabilize enough that the Captain felt she could stand again with any confidence. Merciful Magdalene what the heck could have smacked the Ribbentrop hard enough to do that right out of a translation?
"Em, I'm going upstairs to check on our passengers. Are you free for a tee a tee with Timmons in 5?"
"I think so, yeah. You'll want to know where we are and the ilk, I imagine?"
"I do. Yeah."
"I'll bring what I got, Cap."
Captain Tomahawk Jackson nodded, then headed unsteadily towards the ladder well that ascended to the main deck of the Ribbentrop. The inertias were still having a hell of a time compensating for the roll and spin that Maria and Timmons were trying to dampen. That was one of the problems of interstellar flight - You were bending the curvature of time and space very precisely, and so your ship was controlled very precisely in roll, pitch, and yaw. And precise controls don't often have the 'MPH' to stabilize a ship once it's been upset in those three axes. Say, by being struck by a foreign object moving at a fair clip...

Captain Tomahawk Jackson ascended the stairwell leading to the main deck of the ship, unsteady on her feet, as they seemed oh, so very far away from her head right now. She reached the top of the stairwell, where it joined the corridor that ran the length of the ship at a right angle bend. She turned the corridor and headed forward, to where the crew quarters and staterooms were. The corridor was steel, and every few meters an electric light bulb in a steel protective cage hung from the ceiling. There were bulkheads with heavy pressure doors, much like you might find in a submarine, rather than an elegant dirigible back on Earth. Tomahawk stepped through the first bulkhead and stepped into the room on the right, where she expected to find Sean Connery. 
The cabin was empty.
Curious, that.
She stepped back out into the corridor, and made her way forward, the second room was empty, as well. She began to feel a twinge of concern over the whereabouts of her erstwhile hijackers-become-employers, when she poked her head into the third cabin, and found Sean Connery and Benedict Cumber batch huddled over Tim Conway. Tim Conway didn't look all that hot, even considering the rough ride. He had a bandage over his right forearm, and the gauze was soaked with blood. His face was starting to swell, and he had another wad of gauze being held over his nose. It was obvious that he'd taken on one of the bulkheads in a Mano a Mano with his face. Quite literally a steel cage match against the steel cage. The smeared arc of blood where he'd tried to push his nose out the back side of his skull, and the blood on the riveted gusset about 2 meters above the deck told the tale of a man who had fought the law (of gravity) and clearly the law won. 
"Ouch. That's gonna leave a mark."
Benedict Cumberbatch cranked his irritable little head around and glared at the Captain, "With all due respect, Captain, Shut it."
Captain Jackson raised her open hands in a gesture to calm the man. "Look out, we got us a bad ass over here! Just trying to lighten the mood a little." She addressed Sean Connery, "How is he, really. Gonna live, or should I start preparing the inevitable paperwork now?"
"Oh, I think he'll be OK. What do you have onhand for medical supplies. I think this gash in his arm might be in need of some stitching up, but the smack on the nose will just give him some character once it heals up."
"Two shakes.", Captain Jackson held up two fingers before disappearing down the central corridor of the Ribbentrop, holding out her hands to steady herself on alternating walls, drunk walking towards the Engine Bay and a status report from Timmons. She'd get the suture kit on the way back.

She wobbled and weaved her way further back in the ship, pingponging off the walls of the corridor as she made her way back to Timmons' engine bay. She stepped through the hatch, and wobbled down several steps to the Engine bay deck. Timmons was leaning over a console, looking at readings, and making adjustments, trying to get the ship righted, steady, and motionless in space, in a relative sense. 
"Timmons, what do you have for me?"
"I think we're about 80% stable, Captain."
"Tell my head that."
Timmons grinned over his right shoulder at the Captain. "Mine, too. It's hard to concentrate on the gages when your head keeps wanting to just lie down on the deck and stare up at the ceiling for a little while. But I think we've got it under control. Some minor adjustments and we should be stable within a couple of hours. I'd get it done sooner, but it'd take a lot more of the reaction mass we've got than I'm comfortable with using until we know where the hell we are, and know we can get some more onboard."
"Couple of hours. Got it. Thanks, Timmons." Captain Jackson turned to head back forward, "Hey, if you get a chance between burns, can you get a suture kit up to our guests. One of 'em tried to push his face out through the bulkhead and gashed his arm up pretty good doing it."
"Did he now. I'm shocked and dismayed that he'd do such a thing. A real tragedy, that."
Jackson suppressed a snorting chuckle..."Yep. Terrible.", Then she headed forward and back down to the Bridge.

As she descended the stairwell to the bridge, Captain Jackson felt as though her head were, well, less inclined to dump her unceremoniously into a pile at the bottom of the stairs. Any progress was good progress, right?
"Em, Timmons says he'll be a couple of hours getting us upright and steady. Can you work with what we have? Are we as boned as I think we are, or not so much? And the question of the day, What in the nineteen hells was that?"
"Well, from what I can tell, we are back in charted space. I'm pretty confident that I know where we are. And, for a bonus, I'm pretty sure I can get us back to where we were, if need be."
"And?"
"I think we got run over by a Nazi."
"Oh." The Captain paused as it sunk in. "Wait. What exactly do you mean 'you think we got run over by a Nazi'?"
"Well, ah. I think we were struck by a Nazi ship on the way from hither to yon, as it were, Cap. Did I neglect to mention that one of the 5 solutions I'd worked out put us square in someplace that we might rather not be?"
Dryly. "No, as a matter of fact, you Hadn't mentioned that little fact. I'm glad it came up and that we've had this little chat, Em. Whenever it is that you're done saving our lives, again, you're fired. And this time, I might just mean that."
"Fired. Again. Maybe for real this time. Got it, Cap. In the meantime, can you turn that dial until you see 15.6 show up in that reading there just above it? Thanks, you're a dear. And I mean that from the very bottom of my butt-saving...butt." Maria SantoDomingo looked a little mirthful as she said that last bit, before returning to something a bit more grim.
The Nav display flickered into life once more, showing the curvature of space around the ship on the glass display, and a holographic map of the space around the ship hovering above. Just off to one side of the replica of the Ribbentrop that lived forever at the center of the holographic display was another dirigible-shaped ship. Only, this one was large. Impossibly large. Well, maybe not impossibly, because there it was, drifting through space on a slow course to...somewhere.
Maria pondered aloud, "Hrm. That's unusual."
Captain Jackson voiced some concerns of her own. "Why is that thing going anywhere at all? It's HUGE. It's got to be expensive as hell to push that much mass around on reaction mass. Not that they don't have plenty of places to keep it."
"Right. I'd think something like that would hardly ever move unless it was translating. And..."
"What?"
"It's not any design I've ever seen, and this system should be empty."
"Empty? So I suppose that means that you've figured out where we are, then. Or should be, or whatever wizardry it is that you do with this thing?"
"You might say that, yeah. If I've got this right, and I won't know for sure until Timmons finishes getting us stable so I can get some more accurate plots, but if I'm accurate, yeah, I know where we are. What I do not know, however, is what the hell that thing is doing out here.", Maria SantoDomingo pointed at the holographic representation of the enormous ship that had just fairly well run them down.
"So, what makes you say that you think that we were run down by Nazis, Em?"
"The big swastikas on the control fins, for one thing."

"Oh. I, uh, apparently missed those. Large. Insignia. Things. Yeah, they are pretty big, aren't they."
"Yes, they are. And, yes, I'm pretty sure I know where we are. That's both good and bad. We're in a system that's supposed to be empty, and yet, it's not. It's got some gargantuan Nazi ship cruising around in it, for no reason that's immediately apparent to me."
"Or me."
"Yep. Now quit staring at it like a Frog hunter on Rigel and turn that thing to 11.5 like I asked, would you?"
"Oh. Right. Sure. Yeah." The Captain turned the dial to the desired setting, overshooting it on the first try.
"There ya go."
"Great. I really hate dialog a lot. It's super slow."
"Right. IT totally is balls. I'm not a huge fan of it, either."
A third voice joined the conversation. One with a thick accent and a bit of an overbite. "But it does make up for a nice warm up exercise for this evening's writing, wouldn't you shay, ladies?"
Sean Connery descended the remaining stairs from the upper deck, blood staining the gloves of his space suit. 
"Timmons brought the surgical up to us. Bennie is taking care of the stitches. However, Tim's suit is unusable, I'm afraid."
"Yeah, that was a pretty boring thing to say right here, I think."

Hours went by while the Nazi ship drifted on it's merry way, and Timmons and SantoDomingo worked to restore the equilibrium to the ship. As the hours went by, SantoDomingo determined that they were in what was colloquially known as the Valkyrie sector, and most likely in the Valhalla system. This did very little to cheer the Captain, crew, and hijackers up, Valhalla being where ancient Norse warriors would go...when they died. 

"We should get you gentlemen some clothing, at some point, I imagine. Those space suits are probably not the most comfortable things after this length of time." 
"Quite."
"Problem is, we don't have anything that would work for you. And we don't really have time to or inclination to go get you something from someplace civilized. So you'll just have to make due with a shower and a scrub out. Or go naked. I can't say I much care one way or the other on the matter. 
"I think we'll be having a shower and a scrub out. But thanks for the offer, or, whatever that was, Captain."

When we last left our heroic crew, they were drifting aimlessly in a not-empty, empty system. For no good reason, with no reason to advance the plot whatsoever. Then a giant rap-tor came down and ate them all in one gulp. A space rap tor. A space Nazi Rap tor. A rapping space Nazi rap tor, at that. Space Nazi rapping reptilian rap tor from outer space. Space Rapping Reptilian Nazi zombie rap tor from outer space. Yeah, that's what ate their boring asses.
This thread is now about...something else entirely. Mad scientists. Mad zombie scientist Nazis from outer space turning people into rap tors or that guy from the forums Rap. Who is terrible. I'm just going to cut this whole section once I figure out what the hell I'm really doing with this story, but in the mean time, it serves to pad word count. I'm going to shoot for 55,000, I think, so that I have the 10 percent that Stephen King says should be cut for brevity.
I really should have done something urban fiction, I think. Something with a real plot to it. I may get to working on that while I listen to the silly cats crashing into the blinds. Vampires. Mermaids. Vampire Mermaids. Werewolves. A political thriller based in Boston in the mid 1990's about vampires and zombies. Wait. That's non-fiction. I can't make this shit up folks! This is coherence at it's finest. Totally. I have no idea what I'm writing about. She sells sea shells by the seashore. I should really try to throw another complication at our Herr's but there's already a lot of moving (or not moving, as the case may be) parts to this, and I don't yet see where the gears of the story are going to mesh into anything that's going to work as a story. I mean, we've got totally fake buddy Buddy going on in the front row, and on the other side of the universe, we have a dude who just accidentally killed the guy that he punched out the night before. Yeah, that's going to look good. But I don't Have enough worked out in my head to know exactly where that's going to go, story wise. I think he'll probably get shot for it. Firing squad and all that. CZ it IS Nazi Germany after all. However, if that happens, then how am I going to rescue him. It's not like the Ribbentrop can just pop round and pick him up or something. That would be the heights of silliness. Picking up a completely random stranger on a random planet, seconds before he's executed by firing squad or something. It makes Absolutely ZERO sense, and therefore isn't exactly something I should really consider trying to do because it's just ridiculously silly as an idea for where to go with this story goes. I would have them go chase the big Assad ship, but Timmons already said they're low on reaction mass. Surely there's some sort of black market planet where they could go to get supplies and clothing or something, and some reaction mass. But that leaves the mystery of what the hell this ship is, where it's going and just what the fuck is going on here. Hobo, only another minute to go. I wonder if I can break six thousand words six hundred words in the next minute Sir so, only twenty more words to go until I can put the lid on this whole section that I'm just going to throw away because it's really super duper terrible and isn't even story,w hen you get right down to it.. It's all filler, no killer.

The three co conspirators bed down for the night, and Captain Tomahawk Jackson rounded up her crew that night for a quick meeting of the minds.
"Em, Timmons. What the heck are we going to do with these guys? I mean. I can't say that I trust them any further than I can throw them, to be honest, and I'd have a hard time believing that either of you could either."
Maria SantoDomingo was the first of the two to pipe up. "Well, Captain, we could put some suits on and just vent the ship. Toss their frozen bodies out into space. Might even get away with it, too."
The Captain rolled her eyes.
Timmons spoke up. "I'm not exactly inclined to go hopping into the midst of The Thousand Year Reich for some guy's archaeologist son, and maybe some trinkets that we could trade. I think we should hop right back into home territory and be rid of these guys as quick as we can. They're a lot more trouble than we should be taking on, Captain. A whole lot more."
"Well, I'm inclined to agree with you two, the way I usually am. Interesting that we've all three changed our minds on the matter in just a few hours, isn't it."
There was nodding all around. 
Maria SantoDomingo spoke up. "Captain. About that Nazi...thing...that ran us over and drifted off into space. Don't you find that just a little...weird?"
"Don't look at me. You're the Navigator. Is it weird?"
"Well, yeah. For one thing, the whole ship was black. Every ship of the Thousand Year Reich I've seen has been battleship gray. That one's different, but I couldn't tell you why. If nothing else, I'm curious to learn a bit more about it."
Just then, a hail of kinetic projectiles from the mystery Nazi ship punctured the Hull of the Ribbentrop, venting the whole cast and crew of this train wreck out into the depths of space. The Nazi Captain smiled a smug Nazi Captain grin. "And that should take care of those meddling kids. Take us out of orbit, Mister Crusher."

JUST KIDDING. The projectiles only vented the three hijackers out into space. THOSE meddling kids are the ones who were so neatly dealt with. Sean Connery, Tim Conway, and Benedict Cumber batch's last thoughts were all something along the lines of "CAN'T BREATHE".
But our heroes aren't out of the woods yet...only mostly, as the pressure hatches leading to the forward quarters slammed shut,w hat with the wind whistling down the corridor and out through the three staterooms.
This is so not heroic, I can't begin to tell you how crappy this is. It's putting me to sleep. It's a big pile of steaming crap and I have no idea how to go about fixing it, even a half hour of trying later. Adda Adda Adda 

I have no idea what to write tonight. This story is still not coming together the way I want it to. But soldier on (solider on? *har*) I shall. 
I totally didn't get a chance to do that drafty thing that I was hoping to get done today. That really bums me out. So, as ever, I wing it. Wing it? Is tall and bastardy a pilot? Of course he is. But is he an Aeropilot, as well? Hmm... that may bear some digging into. Right now, there's a dark Nazi ship that's just flung Tim Conway and the bunch out into the depths of space. I'm really pretty OK with that. Yep, and what the hell kind of silly mood am I in tonight? Huh? It's grand...

The hatch slammed shut the way it was designed to. Not quickly enough to keep Sean Connery, Tim Conway, and Benedict Cumberbatch from being sucked out the new hole in the ship's hull, neatly placed there at the speed of the plot by the captain of the brooding Nazi Q-ship. 
"Take us out of orbit, Mister Crusher." Said the captain of the Q-ship. Wesley Crusher, in his rainbow jumper punched some controls on his console, said "Aye, Captain." and the ship started to move away from the Ribbentrop in a graceful arc. Except that Wesley Crusher was in a black military uniform with silver piping, and he had a Prince Westley/Man In Black moustache growing on his just-barely-post-pubescent lip. So he was sort of a Westley Crusher", if you will. 

"What the hell was that?" said Tomahawk Jackson.
"Sounded like phaser fire, Captain. Then a whooshing sound, then some brief screaming, then the doors clapping shut." Said Maria SantoDomingo.
"Very funny, Em. Well, what now?"
"I think we should get suited up, in case they come back to finish the job." Offerred Timmons. 
"Suits? Suits me. Ha. I made a funny." Said noone in particular.
The crew clambered into their suits, and depressurized the hull in preparation for, if not the inevitable, the 'perhaps kind of likely, given the kind of day was turning out to be so far'.

And what a day it was turning out to be. They got out of the engine room ok, and managed to make their way forward to where the three men used to bunk down. There were several holes in the periphery of the ship, and one of them was clearly too small for a man to have fit through, even though there was some evidence that it'd happened anyway. Poor Tim. Never even had a single line in the book, and now he was space hamburger.
The sound of breathing filled their helmets as they conferred by touching helmets. They didn't want to use the suit-radios, just in case the Nazi Q-ship were monitoring local traffic. Wouldn't want them to get turned around to come back and finish the job, now would we?
"We should find someplace to get this repaired, Captain. Soon. Preferably someplace with an atmosphere. I'd hate to try to patch this up and find out that it didn't hold when we tried to repressurize. Could be messy." Said Timmons. 
"I agree. Thoughts?"
Em spoke up, "I think we should go back to Regina, Captain. Now that See No Evil, Hear No Evil and Speak No Evil have gone their merry way," Maria made a religious motion of some sort, "may they get what's coming to them...our case for being hijacked is stronger."
"You realize that this plan of yours produces absolutely no dramatic tension whatsoever, right, Em?"
"I do, Captain. But I've had about enough dramatic tension for today, and I think I'd like an interrogation, followed by a glass of Sangria. Or six. And Dave still owes me. I'd like to collect before my ticket gets punched, Sir."

Tomahawk Jackson got strapped in, Timmons made his way back to the engine room. Maria SantoDomingo entered the coordinates for Regina Highport, and got the ship underway. She patched herself into the comm system, and threw the final switch.





The world stretched out in front of them once more as they headed for home. There was a popping sound as they entered the Regina system some hours after they'd left. Maria SantoDomingo immediately got on the radio, as the ship drifted out of the landing coordinates, having retained her forward momentum.
"PAN PAN PAN, Regina Orbital, this is the USS RIBBENTROP, we are declaring an emergency. PAN PAN PAN."

"Ribbentrop, this is Regina Orbital. State your emergency."
"Regina Orbital, this is Ribbentrop. We have been hijacked."
"Ribbentrop, say again."
"Regina Orbital. We have been hijacked. Threat neutralized, but our pressure hull is breached. Requesting clearance to Regina Downport, ASAP."
"Ribbentrop, standby one."
Maria SantoDomingo looked at the Captain, the Captain shrugged her shoulders. "I guess we wait. Not like there's a lot else to do at the moment, right?"
"Ribbentrop, you are cleared to Regina Downport Bay B43. Standby for destination coordinates."
The voice over the radio gave Maria her destination coordinates, which meshed with the coordinates of the ship, and produced a solution that would allow Maria to translate the ship right into the landing pad with zero relative velocity. 

Maria SantoDomingo punched the coordinates into the ship's Nav and there was that familiar feeling once again (really, you know what it's like now, right?) aand the POP!
Air rushed in the holes in the side of the ship, causing everyone's ears to pop from the influx of pressure. The ship settled onto the landing pad. The Captain unbuckled, Maria removed her suit helmet, then walked over to the door and undid the latches holding the clamshell door closed. It opened and she stepped outside onto the tarmac. The Captain could hear rain outside. When she came around the corner and prepared to disembark, she could see Maria getting up from her knees from the soaked tarmac, having apparently just kissed the ground. 
Timmons came up behind the Captain at that point, and seeing the scene playing out before him, he asked, "Did you just....did she just..."
"Mhm." Said the Captain. "I believe she did, yes."
Timmons shook his head. "She's a strange a character as I think I've had the opportunity to meet, Captain."
"Mhm." Said the Captain. "I believe she is, yes." She turned and gave Timmons a wry smile as Maria stood up and turned around. "What? Show a little gratitude and this is what I get from you guys?"
A truck pulled up behind the point were Maria was standing. Men with guns got out and levelled them at the crew. "Do. Not. Move."
Captain Tomahawk Jackson held her arms up a little above her elbows, and stepped down the stairs to the ground. "You're a little late for that, boys. But you can give us a lift to the Commandant's office. We've got a LOT of paperwork to fill out."

The guards held their aim steady. The Sergeant in charge of the detail repeated, "Do. Not. Move. Captain." He turned to one of the men in his detail and said something. The man tapped the two men next to him as he came around the front of the vehicle and crossed the tarmac, entering the Ribbentrop. 
"On your knees. Ankles crossed, hands on your head."
"Ah, hell, Sergeant, couldn't you at least have done this out of the rain?" Tomahawk Jackson squatted down, then planted her knees on the tarmac, crossing her ankles, which was not the easiest thing to do with the stiff fabric of the pressure suit. 
The sergeant retreated to a position near the vehicle they'd arrived in, and he seemed to be getting reports from the men that were inside the ship. A rivulet of rain trickled down the inside of Tom's suit bringing a chill right down her spine. After a period of time which we'll nail down at some point in the future, one of the men came out as far as the door, Tomahawk could hear them behind. The bulk of the ship loomed a grey above them. The Sergeant crossed the tarmac and entered the Ribbentrop. The rain continued to stream down in a steady cold drizzle. The rivulet of water trailing down Tomahawk's back turned to a river as her hair soaked up more rainwater and deposited it inside the neckring of her pressure suit. Presently, the 4 men exited the Ribbentrop, and the Sergeant spoke, "Y'all can get up now. We'll take you in to see the Commandant."
They were bundled into the back of the truck first, then the soldiers piled in behind them. There were bench seats along the sides of the inside of the van. They weren't the most comfortable thing, but at least they were out of the rain. 
Tomahawk couldn't really tell where they were going, as the van had no windows, and there was a divider between the driver's compartment and the rest of the van, so mostly what she saw was the grey interior, and the soldiers in olive.

The drive seemed to go on for quite a while. Through the small windows in the back of the van, Tomahawk could see that they had crossed a number of landing platforms, and had entered some portion of the base. There were quonset huts and prefabricated buildings and sidewalks that reminded her of the base in Los Alamos. 
The van pulled into a driveway, and behind a building. A gate in a tall fence was closed behind the van. Footsteps could be heard moving down the passenger side of the van, and the door was opened. The men in olive drab were the first to exit, followed by the Captain, Maria SantoDomingo and Timmons stepping out into the rain once more. Tomahawk's hair had found its way down inside the her suit in earnest by now, and it was, in all honesty, kind of gross. The men in olive drab formed two rows leading up to the doors to this building, which looked to be made out of some sturdier stuff. Concrete, perhaps. The door leading inside stood open. 
What happened next is patently obvious to all of us, so I won't detail it in any great and boring detail. Wait, yes, I will. They Went Inside.

Once inside, some stuff happened. I'm not sure what. I imagine they got interrogated separately, to make sure their stories lined up. Because that's exactly what you'd expect. 
It's kind of a shame for the dramatic tension of the story that their stories DID line up, from the moment that Sean Connery, Tim Conway and Benedict Cumbeerbatch stole the customs cutter after escaping from the jail on Regina Highport, to the damage caused by being run over by the mystery Q-ship of the Thousand Year Reich, to the damage caused by the kinetic projectiles that the Q-ship launched at the Ribbentrop that sucked the erstwhile hijackers out into the depths of space. Boo hoo. Too bad, so sad. Woulnd't want to make you mad. And stuff, or whatever. 
The interrogator was dressed smartly in a pressed suit. He was tall, with sandy blonde hair, disturbingly pale blue eyes and a jaw that looked like it'd been riveted together on an assembly line for armored vehicles.
After a grueling 14 hour session of question answer, same question, same answer, the crew of the Ribbentrop was finally released from "investigatory custody" by the police dude or whatever this guy was. They went out the front door, still in their pressure suits (and now they knew firsthand how damn uncomfortable the Three Navy Jacks were that whole time they were on the ship, Ah well. Shit happens). They asked about a ride back to the landing pad, and the Commandant police guy declined in the not so politely terms. 
So, Our merry band of heroes hoofed it back to the ship. In the rain, At night, with terrible directions that the Commandant Police guy gave them. They got lost twice and had to backtrack. In a city. Not even a large city. It was, however, dark and rainy, and places didn't have the best lighting or signage at times. 
EVENTUALLY, they did make it back to where they parked the ship, and they were able to get a hot shower, a hot meal, and some well deserved rack time. They were pretty sure they weren't out of the woods yet, but it was nice to have the first breathing room they'd had in a few days. They looked forward to having a few days downtime while the ship was properly repaired. Sleep was something that they totally took for granite this time around, as in, they slept like a rock garden.

I have no idea what I'm going to share here. Except perhaps that the cat took a massive poo, and it smells SOOO BAD.

They slept like a rock garden, and when they awoke, they crossed the tarmac to the stationmaster's office, and made arrangements to get the holes in the ship patched so that she'd be spaceworthy again. 

This took a long time. Which is plenty of time for them to have another thrilling adventure with the Commandant asking questions over and over again about the mysterious Q-ship that had attacked them in the depths of an otherwise empty system. They were called in for additional interviews, this time with people who looked like they meant business, but who were, quite paradoxically also rather friendlier. They had specific questions for Maria SantoDomingo, as she'd had the best look at the Q-ship, and knew the most about where they were at the time. 
Tomahawk Jackson finally got to finish that vacation. 

I'm really kind of out of things to write, and I'm over the goal for the day. 

So I think I'll write more about Tall and Bastardy. Who still has no real purpose here in this story. But writing about him gets me ever closer to my word goal, if not my story goal. 
I forgot where I left him. Damn. I hate when I lose a character. 

The day came when Mister and Mrs. Jackson had sold the farm in Iowa and had been properly briefed on their new home. It was around a star named Gliese 163, approximately 44 light years from Earth. 
Boring, this is. 

The holes were patched in the Ribbentrop, and a test crew translated the ship up to Regina Orbital - it wouldn't do to hand over a ship to her captain and then have all the air sucked out the first time the ship went back to hard vacuum, would it? - and back to the pad. The crew stocked some supplies and had a sitdown about what to do next. 
"I say we go hunting that Q-ship, Cap," Suggested Timmons. 
"I think we should go follow up on Mister Connery's suggestion. If the Thousand Year Reich has found something that they're guarding so closely, even under the guise of a prison - and who the hell puts an archaeologist in prison, anyway? - I think it merits a little skullduggery, wouldn't you think?"
"I think this damn story needs an outline, that's what I think." Tom said. "I mean, we're just sort of wandering around out here, with a very expensive piece of hardware, and I know who I am and whatnot - but why aren't we doing something useful? Fighting bad guys, or saving the princess or something? If either one of you can answer me that, I think we'll be in business. I'm completely open to suggestions, and I'm buying the first one of you two to answer that question a beer. Go ponder that for a while, wouldja? I think I'm going to go nap for a while. All this meandering has made me quite tired, now that I think on it." Jackson stood, and headed aft to her quarters.
Maria SantoDomingo looked at Timmons. "What the hell do you even look like, Timmons? I've looked at you a zillion times, and you are completely, totally non-memorable. You're just a name, not a face, or even a number. Really, you should see a doctor about that. It's quite the serious identity crisis. I don't even know how tall you are, or what color your eyes are or even the most basic things about you, aside from this genial affability that you seem to have in your dealings with, well, everyone in the entire universe. I mean, at least I've got an image that comes along with my name, you know? Olive skin, long dark hair, brown eyes, that sort of thing. People are going to be shocked to find out that I'm actually a genetically engineered monkey or something. (Mom, if you're reading this, I'm kidding.)"
"Well, I can't say I even know, my ownself, Em. I'm a little tired of being window dressing, or the grease monkey back there in the back banging on things to make them work, while you're up here making all the magic happen. I think I need some more depth, too. I mean, right now, I'm a character so flat I could fit right under the door without even having to hold my breath." Timmons said. "Timmons this, Timmons that. Timmons, help me pack this shit up. Could my life be any more one dimensional? I can't even remember if Timmons is my first or last name, for crying out loud."
"Yeah, I know what you mean. You're really pretty damn handy with that wrench, however. I like hearing you banging on shit back in the back. Lets me know that someone cares, I guess. You and me and the Captain? We're all in this together. We stick together, even when we're in jail. Y'know?", Maria Santo Domingo smiled at the very flat character of Timmons. Then she stood up and headed off to her quarters. "I'm headed for a nap, as well. Try not to sneak under my door while I'm sleeping, you flat son of a bitch."

The q-ship glided silently through the gravity well of the uninhabited system. There were special ports along the sides of the hull that allowed the crew to fire kinetic projectiles against targets of opportunity. Like this 75 words that I'm trying to cram in here so I can gloat about the work that I've done tonight. I've go just so few words to go for the day and I can get 1000 over my daily target, and be actually totally ahead for several days now, I won't have to write a lick for tuesday or Wednesday.

Awesomeness. One Two Three Four Five Six Seven Eight Nine Ten



SO lost in this story. I don't even know what's happening.
So there's this guy. And he's been ransacked, but not for any real reason. I mean, he got in a bar fight with a guy, but that was just a little fisticuffs over a woman. No. Big. Deal. Right?
The Sergeant spent a couple of hours cleaning up his quarters,then went to get something to eat. Some bratwurst or something. I have NO IDEA how I'm going to get this story of intrigue and spy shit going with you. You're kind of an interesting guy and all, but fucking hell are you in a completely boring situation, man...
It could be interesting if I could just figure out why the hell you're here and stuff. Nobody has let on why that is. You're a fish out of water, and you're in trouble, deep ass trouble, with lots of eyes on you, having just killed a man, even accidentally. 
What do we know about this place. It's the archaeological dig site that Tomahawk needs to come steal some shit from, and that you'll ultimately be leaving with her, as part of the crew. Which means that (most likely) Maria SantoDomingo will be very very dead when that happens. Pity. Not that she's really particularly well developed at this point. That's kind of a pity at the same time.
You are about Tomahawk's age, which means you were born around 1920, which means you were a Teenager when Hitler rose to power in Germany, and about 20 when Germany bugged the fuck out. Which makes you, perhaps, 30 years old now. Very tall, Blond, Nordic looking. When you get out of here, you're probably going to grow a beard and braid it, like a fucking viking. That's sort of your inner flame, isn't it. It is. What you're doing now is just going through the motions for a government that you don't really give a shit about. You just pay it lip service. You smirk and sneer, and that's why you're still just a Sergeant, yet. Again. Given an opportunity to bug the fuck out, you would definitely take it. Especially when that chance is offered by a redhead. **grins**

So, Sergeant, what's it going to be? Are you in or out? 
I say that a lot, it seems.

"The artifacts are onboard, and we're out of here. You need to decide. In. Or. Out."
The Sergeant hesitated for a second. The sound of vehicles was getting louder, they were getting closer. The Sergeant looked one more time over his shoulder. He climbed up the stairs and entered the Ribbentrop's gondola. Tomahawk Jackson slapped a control on the side of the bulkhead and the clamshell of the stairs and the door began to swing closed. Momentarily, they formed an airtight seal. The cast and crew all took their seats around the periphery of the bridge. Maria SantoDomingo didn't look so well as she raced around the controls located in the center of the bridge. She had a bad limp, and had to pause to consider each step in her preflight process. 

Maria SantoDomingo coughed and wheezed as she worked the controls. They seemed foreign to the Sergeant, yet, at the same time, familiar enough that he could tell what Maria was doing. They were all labeled in English. Some he could figure out from the label, as the word was similar in German. Maria was hastily preparing the ship for a translation. But he had no idea where that would be taking him. That was OK. This was an adventure. As it had been ever since he'd arrived on this planet From the fight with the Oberleutnant to this very moment, his whole life had changed, and that was in a good way. It was something he was ready for. He doffed his Nazi regulation cap and hurled it across the bridge, at the exit, as it was closing. It sailed neatly thorough the gap and back out onto the surface of the planet, and in a way, the life, he was leaving behind. "Danke Schoen, Captain. I think I'm ready for this." 
He grinned at Tomahawk Jackson. 
She grinned right back at him. "Thank you for...whatever it is that you've done so far, Sergeant."
The Sergeant shuffled around the console, "Your name. It's Maria, ja?"
Maria coughed. Tomahawk Jacksonfigured that she likely had a broken rib. "Yeah."
"What can I do to help?"
Maria blinked. "Help?"
"You are...what's the word. Translating, ja?"
"Um...yeah. Why?"
"I am Piloten."
Maria blinked. "You're a pilot?"
"Ja. How can I help?"
"OK, I'm strapping in. The coordinates are already in. Get us there, Blondie."
"Jawohl!"
Maria looked from her seat over to Tomahawk Jackson. "That's definitely going to take some getting used to."
"Agreed. But he's following us home. I think we should keep him. What do you think?"
Maria tilted her head and gave Tomahawk Jacksona look of "Really? Are you for real?"
"What? I'm serious!"

I don't know whether Sean Connery and Company are alive, dead, captured, worthy of a rescue operation, or what.

 Who knows. Certainly not I.

This is the story, of a tale adrift on the sea of insufficient planning. 



Tomahawk Jackson settled into the chair. "Sir, we have a problem."
"Oh?"
"Yessir. Our erstwhile hijackers were under the impression that the Thousand Year Reich had found a world that had remains of a civilization on it, and they were perhaps in the process of digging that stuff up. To what end, I can't say for sure. Sort of a pity that they're deceased, or we could find out more. But it is what it is."
Serentina Cherkovsky interlaced her fingers in a bridge built on elbows founded on her desk calendar. The expansive surface of the desk also held a banker's lamp and a stack of reports about a foot high. Serentina regarded Tomahawk with blue eyes (because I suck at description, aight?). "Good call. That could be a problem, indeed. OK, troubleshooter, what do you propose we do about it?"
Tom grinned. "What do I always propose we do about it, Sera? I propose we go in there and see what they've got that's worth sniffing around. Before our...passengers...had the bad luck to be vented out to space, they gave us the coordinates where we could find a few different things. The archaeological dig site, and the ringleader's son. Harrison Ford is his name, and it sounded like he was an archaeologist, too."
"Like father, like son?", said Serentina with a chuckle.
Tomahawk nodded. "Seems so. Sounds like Harrison got in over his head, and got caught while he was at it. If it's alright with you, I'd like to put fetching the boy out of the pokey on the 'To Do' list, if we can manage it without causing an international incident."
"Well, he is one of ours, seems we ought to treat him like it. OK. Put together your plan, and have it on my desk as soon as you've got the thing worked out."
Tom nodded and grinned, "I was hoping you'd say that, Sir.", she opened her messenger bag, retrieved a buff colored envelope from it, and dropped it on Serentina's desk. It was about a centimeter thick, and was stamped "EYES ONLY". 
"I took a little liberty with the intel guys. I didn't think you'd mind...much."
Serentina withdrew the report. There was a sheet of intel on the system underneath the coverpage, and a couple of sheets of photos under that. "There's some detail on that system in there, after the photos." Serentina leafed through the report quickly, then returned to the photos. 
Tomahawk continued. "Looks like there's one planet with a couple goodly sized moons in the HZ, and activity shows that it's likely that Harrison's locked up on one of the moons, while the main body of Huns is on the primary planet, with a fairly large encampment near the equatorial zone - at least, that's where the traffic seems to be coming from. I think we could get in there with a low power profile and observe for a day or two, and wing a plan from that point. Hop in, scoop up some evidence - and by evidence, I mean artifacts or whatever they're digging in the dirt there - skip over to pick up this Harrison chap, and jump on home." 
"I think you've got the head for this. Make it happen. You know the drill."
Tom grinned, "Deniability, we don't exist, etcetera. Got it. Thanks, Serentina. Glad to know you've got my back, even when you can't have my back."
The Captain stood, saluted Serentina, who returned the salute. Tom slung her messenger bag over one shoulder and exited the office, closing the heavy office door behind her.

She walked across the office that was filled with a number of people typing on typewriters, ensuring that the wheels of secret missions stayed greased. An American flag hung on one wall, the single star in the upper left corner. A photograph of President Kennedy hung on the wall opposite the flag. The windows across the front of the building indicated that it was still sunny, but perhaps a bit later in the day than when Tomahawk Jackson had arrived. That meeting must have gone faster than it had seemed, since the days were fairly short on this planet. She skipped down the stairs two at a time and headed across the government plaza, such as it was. Indigenous grasses stuck up from between the flagstones that had been laid down, and even now, they were almost knee high in places. This was a Capitol that had been hastily planned and built. It had some of the majesty of DC back on Earth, but "some" was kind of a stretch. Really, it had all the charm of a frontier town, which ultimately is exactly what it was, even beyond being the capital for the settlement, and thus, the entire planet, and thus, the entire system. 
It had been a few years since Earth had developed spaceflight - Interstellar travel, really, since there wasn't a whole lot of "flight" that took place when one translated from one known position in a star system to another known (or approximated, if you were feeling plucky) position in another system. Ships rarely moved under their own power, and when they did, it was exceptionally slowly. 
Being that this was still an outpost in the wilderness, she walked the entire distance back to where her ship, the Ribbentrop, was parked at what passed for a down port on this planet. There were some inconveniences to be had in such an arrangement, but the good of it was that her boss, Serentina Cherkovsky, head of Special Super Secret Investigations And Stuff could pretty much operate without worrying about being surrounded by spies. This rock was so small that the few people that lived here all knew each ohter. It was like the old Welsh joke back on Earth. "So, it's Jones the SPY you'd be lookin' fer!"  Remembrance of the joke brought a smirk to Tomahawk Jackson's face. She laughed quietly to herself. "Oh, it'd Jackson the SPY you'd be lookin' fer!" The wouldn't have flown very well back in Fort Madison, Iowa, she was afraid. Besides the fact that nobody would have gotten the joke, being that Iowa isn't particularly near to Wales, nor is there any significant Welsh population in Fort Madison, Iowa, Tomahawk Jackson wasn't a spy. At the time, she was a waitress. A glamourous profession full of undercover work and political intrigue and machinations if ever there was one.
She still got to see Richard Feynman once in a while. She did make a point to stop in and see him when ever she had the opportunity to do so. The nifty thinga bout translation is that you can go anywhere and there's no worries about fuel (aside from a little Reaction Mass, but you could use just about anything for that.) Scheduling was the difficult part. So much to do for the ever expanding America, and the same amount of time to get it done as there ever was. 
And now, she'd been assigned to go deep into Nazi territory, remain undetected, swoop in and pick up a fellow American. Snag some important and priceless artifacts from right under the noses of the occupants of a heavily guarded Nazi Installation, and then make it back out in time to be the hero of the next book int he series, whenever that might come. 
Not a problem, Mac.

And then there were twenty nine hundred and forty four words left to go.

Tomahawk Jackson settled her parents on a new planet. It was a planet that circled a Red Dwarf Star - which was a new experience in farming for her father, because the star was much smaller, and the planet was much closer, in order for the temperature to be earthlike. So there wasn't much in the way of seasons, considering the entire YEAR on Fort Madison was only 79 earth days. Forget "around the world in 80 days" this was "around the solar system in 80 days." The sky was as blue as it ever was back in Iowa, however. And the gravity was somewhat less, so her father's joints ached less at the end of the day.
America expanded among the stars at an unprecedented rate. Until the mid 1970's, America didn't even make contact with either Russian or German spacefaring civilization. Mankind's journey to the stars was surprisingly conflict-free. Even once competing ideologies found one another, the vast distances, and limited ability to move from one system to another with any precision, along with the small amounts fo matter that could be translated with a translation ship limited the possibility of war from a purely logistical standpoint. 

**********************

Tomahawk Jackson went upstairs to check on their new passenger. Crewmember. Whatever it was that he was. She wondered if he had a name. Whether he spoke any English beyond the halting bits he'd spoken to Maria with. She wondered idly what his deal was. Whether she could trust him, or build trust with him over time. 
She took the stairs slowly, and mused over the events of the last few days. They'd managed to get into the system undetected, where they chilled out under radio silence, hidden on the far side of the planet's moon. Turducken. Because this story isnt' complete without a mention of Turducken. No, I have no idea why that is. 

************

So, her parents got settled, and America got into space. It sort of lacks drama, and I'm missing lots ot things that tie the pieces of the story together, and I have no idea how to tie the pieces of the story together, but hey, I'm down 10 percent already. 

****************




****************

The story is about a virtual reality programmer who is mysteriously connected to a chief starship engineer. It starts on a desert planet. The crux of the story involves a spiritual experience.

Timmons was glad to have the night off. It wasn't often that he got a chance to leave the Ribbentrop and head into town for a little Rest and Relaxation, and he was looking forward to seeing what all there was to see here on Regina, now that the trouble with the hijackers had been taken care of, along with all the holes in the ship. He walked across the tarmac to the starport terminal, and found to his pleasant surprise that this starport was busy enough to have a taxi stand, complete with traditional yellow cars. He hopped in the back.
"Where to, Mac?"
"Dunno. New in town. What's there to see here?"
"What're you lookin' for? Shows? Girls? Wanna get lost in a bottle?"
"Little bit of each?"
"Gotcha, Sarge. Hang on to your hat."
The taxi driver peeled out of the taxi stand and careened through the streets of the starport town like only a madman, or an Englishman, would. A short ride, and a few pants-shitting close calls with other vehicles later, the taxi screeched to a stop in front of a nightclub called the Smitten Kitten. A neon sign out front had a 20' tall anthropomorphic cat with curves in all the right places, and a neon tail weirdly grafted on, flashing in a variety of poses next to a neon pole. 
"Je squeeze Arrivee, mon-sewer. Ten bucks."
Timmons took a Jackson out of his wallet, and handed it to the driver. "This looks promising. Keep the change, pal."
"Thanks, Mon-sewer." The cabbie produced a business card, "Call me if'n you're looking for a ride back portside later - presuming you can still see the card well enough. Enjoy, my new friend. Enjoy."
Timmons squeezed his not-inconsiderable bulk out from the back seat of the cab, and closed the door. Rather, he attempted to, but the cab was already peeling out, and the door close out of simple inertial forces acting on the mass of the door, and the pivot of the hinges. 
Watching the cab recede into the darkness, Timmons took stock of where he was. The location wasn't overly seedy, despite there being a half score of businesses that were clearly intended for consumption of visiting translation ship crews, and all of them were abundantly lit with signs proclaiming the sorts of services one might procure within. GIRLS GIRLS GIRLS, or TATTOO, or PAWN, or LIVE MUSIC HERE. There was even one that had a large green neon sign in front that proclaimed that it was a LIBRARY.
Timmons turned and headed for the door of the Smitten Kitten, the bouncer stopped him. There was a five buck cover. Timmons produced the cash and the doors flung open for his inquisitive mind to step through. And his feet carried him, as is their wont to do. The interior of the joint was dark, except for a stage that had a band playing - a drumkit, clarinet, standup bass, and a guitar. They weren't terrible, as these things go. It sounded like a passable rendition of Frenesi. There was a bar down the right wall, that had a fair selection of libations, or so it seemed. The bartender didn't look bored. There were patrons all up and down the bar. There were a few people dancing on a dance floor in front of the band. Not a ton, but enough. Their silhouettes swayed to the music. As his eyes adjusted to the darkness, he could see there were stairs leading up on the left side of the room to a mezzanine. A faint blue glow emanated from upstairs. It caught his eye, and he turned and began his ascent. 
Mounting the stairs revealed a series of stations that had a few patrons wearing helmets with integrated goggles. They were constructed of what looked to be fainting couches, but curved to provide a supportive surface that would actually be comfortable for extended periods. Wires trailed from the back of the helmets, and the users wore what looked to be a lightweight jacket and special gloves. There was a woman with sandy blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail that was helping a...customer...into one of the helmets. She was wearing a lab coat and dark colored pants. Her bare feet contrasted with the rest of her outfit. She settled the patron in, and the patron started waving his hands around, reacting to something unseen, or seen only in the helmet or something. Timmons tried to work it out as the attendant/technician person came over to him. 
"First time?"
"Huh?"
"Definitely."
"Huh?"
"This way, sailor."
"Huh?"
She turned and looked at him. "You're big, I didn't figure you for dumb, too."
"Huh?"
"Say 'huh' again. I dare you."
"Hu...I'm sorry. This is all new to me. What is this?"
The tech grinned. "Ah, now you're present and accounted for. This is The Smitten Kitten. First virtual reality experience in the galaxy."
"Virtual...reality? What's wrong with real reality?"
"Nothing. But there's stuff you definitely can't do in real reality, like fly, or walk through walls. Or shoot people and get away with it. You can try to rob a bank, but if shit goes south on you, I wish you good luck and godspeed, friend. Virtual reality? You can back up and try it again. Capish?"
"Ah. I think I see."
"That's the sales pitch. It ain't much, but it's what I got. Give it a whirl?"
"Um...sure?"
"That's the kind of talk I like to hear. Twenty bucks for an hour."
"Yeeouch." Timmons looked down at the woman. He was considerably taller than she was. Then again, he was considerably taller and broader than a fair piece of humanity. He was used to it, for the most part. "kind of steep for the new guy, ain't it?"
She looked up at him with something resembling a come hither gaze, "Oh, honey, you haven't got any idea the ride you're in for. It's worth every penny, and you'll be pestering to come back here every chance you get. Doc's promise."
"Doc's promise? Who's Doc, and why would I care?" He was beginning to think that cabbie had given him a bum steer.
"I'm Doc. And it's my promise, if you can't work that out on your own.", she said as she reached up (way up) and made a scribbly-scratchy writing motion on his forehead. 
"Hey! Cut that out!", He said, swatting her hand away. 
She used the angular momentum to spin around, ponytail flying out behind her as she spun. "This way, I'll get you hooked up."
He sauntered along behind her, watching her ponytail swish at the back of her head as she walked. "Hmm."
"Huh?"
"Nothing. Reminded of someone I know, is all."
She turned and gave him a look over her shoulder. "S'that so?"
He grinned, feeling suddenly on the spot. "Uh, yeah. kind of."
She pointed to an open couch with a helmet on the rack next to it. "Here you go, Cowboy. Get settled, get comfortable. I'll be back in a second. 
He sat on the edge of the couch, and swung his feet up, settling in. It was quite comfortable, contrary to the way it looked initially. Timmons crossed his arms across his chest, and interlaced his fingers and...waited. He looked around the room, and it looked like each of the other patrons of the Doc's little sideshow were in their own world. Scratch that. They were in their own 'Virtual' reality, he guessed. 
The Doc was unstrapping the helmet contraption from one of the other patrons. The patron, a woman, had an ear to ear grin on her face. The Doc and the woman exchanged a few words as the woman got up from the couch. She shook the Doc's hand and beebopped her way over to the stairs and down tot he floor below. The Doc waved as the woman turned the corner to go down the stairs, but the wave wasn't returned - the woman didn't even notice as she exited. The Doc looked unfazed as she crossed the room to where Timmons was waiting patiently, fingers still interlaced across his sternum. He followed the Doc with his eyes. He was analyzing her, he realized. That was his job. He started to stop, but he realized that being analytical was precicely what made him good at his job, and so terrible at relationships. His mind drifted for a split second into gratitude that he'd found not just one, but two women that would put up with him. Tomahawk Jacksonand Maria were family to him.
And then the Doc lifted the helmet off the stand next to the couch and said "Sit up, please." 
At first, he tried to just bend from the waist and sit, but the couch reclined so much that it made it so his knees were almost as high as his shoulders. His attempt to sit up ended in the purest comedy. 
The Doc just watched him trying to sit up, bending in all manner of unnatural positions before Timmons finally had the sense to swing his legs off the couch to face the Doc. She regarded him with mirthful patience. "Get up on the wrong side of the couch today?", she said.
"Ha. Ha, Doc. What's that thing there do?"
"This?", she hefted the helmet with it's assorted wires coming out the back of it. "I'll show you. Hold still."
She held the helmet up with her left hand, and held her thumb up on her right hand at arms length, squinting an eye and using her thumb as an estimation gauge for Timmons' head. She adjusted the helmet slightly, and placed it on his head. He could feel several spots that he could only describe as feeling 'knurbly' on his head. The Doc clicked a couple of adjusters that were on the outside of the helmet, and it resonated thorugh the plastic shell of to his skull. It was kind of loud inside his head. The helmet made a snicking noise, and a dark sun filter slid down, obscuring his view of the greater portion of the room. The Doc rapped twice on the helmet with her knuckles. That was freaking loud, too. "How's it fit, flyboy?"
Timmons found the Doc's seemingly ever changing arsenal of pet names to call her customers mildly amusing. He smiled. "It's good, I think. It's not supposed to hurt or nothin' right?"
"Right."
"Then it's good."
"Excellent. Here, put the gloves on. Sorry I don't have no vest that will fit you. You're kind of a big guy." She emphasized that by squeezing his right bicep. Her hand hardly wrapped around his arm at all. "But I'm sure you've never heard that even once before in your whole life or nothin'." She chuckled.
"Actually, Doc, maybe not as often as you'd think."
"Really? I kinda figured. Don't get out much, do ya?"
He smiled in the helmet. He had to guess what she was doing. He couldn't really see anything but his knees anymore. He replied as he pulled the gloves on, "Yeah, you could say that. I spend most of my time tinkering with the innards of one of the first translation ships. She's kind of hunk, but she's home."
"Yeah? Engineer, are ya?"
He reached his hand up to touch his nose, but wound up colliding his index finger with the face shield of the helmet.
He snorted. "Talent. That's my middle name. And my nose. It's inside this helmet. Where my fingers cannot reach it. Physics."
"Very nice. OK, you’ve' got the gloves and the helmet. Pick your poison."
"Hm...How about...Dealer's choice?"
"Ah. A brave soul. Hold on to your hat, Buckaroo."
A bright light filled Timmons’ head, and the helmet apparently had speakers, as there was music. Lilting, angelic music. The bright light faded, and he was standing on an open plain surrounded by low, rolling hills and green grass as far as his eyes could see.
