Our agent wants a word you The Secret of the Tzaritsa Moon


C. Litka





Smashwords Version 1.2(April 2021)
©2020 Charles Litka


Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with friends. This book may be reproduced, copied, and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.

If you should happen upon any mistakes, I'd be delighted to correct them. You can email me at cmlitka@gmail.com  Thank you.

Information and news about my other and upcoming books can be found here:
https://clitkabooks.blogspot.com/

Thank You
I would like to once again thank my wife and friends who spent many hours making this book better than I could have ever made it by myself – and far more fun. I am very grateful to Sally Litka, Hannes Bimbacher, Dale Shamp, Victoria Shamp, Joe Saur, Walt, Bwaudou Sirip, Fabrice Harari, and Ilya Shindyapin for their eagle eyes and all their helpful comments.








Chapter 01  The Tzaritsa Moon 


01
I signed aboard the Tzaritsa Moon as her second engineer. I ended up a toaster repairman. I was very lucky.
The rather lofty named Tzaritsa Moon was, in fact, a modest 16 box tramp planet trader, one of 27 small tramp traders owned by Royal Shipping Co. of Vendore. She plied the short haul routes between the minor worlds and major rocks of the Alantzia solar system. And she was, for me, a significant step down from the Guild manned fast freighters that I’d been serving aboard during the previous four years – since my arrival in the system. Those Guild ships served the seven large Unity Standard planets and a few of the more modern minor worlds of the system. Old spaceers, however, claimed that if I wanted to experience the authentic romance of the Alantzia star system, the most remote solar system in the Nine Star Nebula, I needed to ship out on one of the small planet traders that called on the eclectic and often archaic minor planets of the Alantzia. And so, after four years of tramping the system, I felt that I knew enough about the ways of Alantzia to safely sample its legendarily wild and exotic side, and signed aboard the Tzaritsa Moon. 
The Tzaritsa Moon seemed to be a fairly safe bet as planet traders go. Besides her romantic name, her captain, mate, chief engineer, and purser had all served aboard her for years, which seem to bode well. That said, I can’t say they were anything to write glowing accounts about. They did their jobs. Perhaps not quite up to Guild standards, but that was to be expected. Nor were they the most social company. But since we worked four hours on, four off, I had little free time to socialize, even if I had found their company sparkling. You take your shipmates as you find them – until the next port of call – so I couldn’t complain. Not until they tried to kill me.
I had the engine room watch when the Captain ordered me to whirl up the fuel pumps and fire up the Tzaritsa Moon’s engines for our deceleration burn to make Fairwaine orbit, the terraformed moon of the uninhabitable planet of Vilwaine. While the Tzaritsa Moon, and its engine room had known better days, I found it not all that alarming, for a small planet trader. Everything was worn, but worked. You couldn’t ask for more in a planet trader. However, like any good engineer, I don’t take the green lights on my engine room control console at face value. It was my habit to make regular rounds through my roaring domain, eyeing the maze of pumps and pipes and running my hand across them to make sure they were running coolly and smoothly. 
 I had worked my way around to the middle catwalk of the main drive engine, when my hand, running along the external tube of number 7 plasma injector, felt heat. A lot of heat.
 Glancing down, I saw a discolored spot on the gleaming D-matter tube just ahead of my hand. It had a red glowing dot in its center. That was very bad. 
The D-matter radshield liner that contained the super-hot plasma must have developed a small hole and the plasma was now melting the outer D-matter steel of the tube. Once through the steel, a high pressure, quickly enlarging, super-hot stream of plasma would shoot into the engine room, wreaking deadly havoc. If – or rather when – the plasma stream severed one of the balancing engine fuel lines, the explosion would blow a great hole in the engine room, followed, no doubt, with more fuel line ruptures and more explosion, tearing the ship apart. I think my instant realization of the danger, and my subsequent response may well end up being the finest half second of my life, even if I live another 200 years. (Rather iffy.)
I leaped for the nearest ladder running alongside the drive engine. 
We were decelerating at a leisurely half-gee, so I reached the ladder in a single bound and pulled myself up to the upper catwalk by hand, hardly touching a single step. Reaching the top, I lunged and slammed down the emergency engine shutdown button – in under two seconds.
The roar of the main and balancing engines, plus the machines that served them abruptly ceased. As did the pseudo-gravity that our deceleration had created. This sudden silence lasted no more than a second before the wailing of the alarms began. 
I didn’t linger. Even with the engines down, the engine room was not a place I cared to be in. Freed of pseudo-gravity, I leaped upwards, pulling myself through the maze of pipes and catwalks, shooting past the control station, and on to the main engine room access hatch. There was still plasma in the tube, and though its pressure was dropping dramatically, any breach would still spray a fine mist of plasma that, in free fall, would fill the compartment with micro-goblets of plasma that would burn nice little holes through me. I wanted to be on the other side of the access hatch as soon as possible.
I just managed to reach it and get my hands and half of my head into the narrowing gap between the automatically closing hatch and the edge of the deck – hoping that its sensors were working.
They were. It stopped to buzz angrily at me, but allowed me to squeeze through the narrow gap. I paused just long enough to make sure it closed securely, before starting up the long central core of the ship.
The ship’s central core consisted of a 20x20 meter wide box of some 70 meters in length. It enclosed 15 decks of machinery and crew accommodations. A steep ladder zigzagged up along one side. Next to it was a straight ladder, for use in free fall. Hand over hand I pulled myself upwards along the straight ladder, racing toward the bridge and its engine console. I needed to bleed the fuel lines and properly shut all systems down before something really bad happened. 
Nearing the top, as I shot past the boat access deck, I caught a glimpse of the captain, mate, chief, and purser clustered before the airlock of the port side launch as it was cycling open. The captain saw me. I was left with a fleeting impression of fear mixed with anger. I raced on. I’d get angry about that scene later. If there was a later.
Passing the captain and mate’s cabin deck, I reached the display-lit bridge deck, swung my body around, planting my magnetic soled boots on the deck and raced for the engineering station.
Crista, the second pilot, had the helm. He swung his chair around as I landed.
'What in the blazes are you up to Rye?' he yelled over the screaming warning sirens.
'Hot spot on a plasma injector tube,' I yelled back, as I reached my control console and begin shutting down fuel lines and opening their bleed ports to dump their remaining fuel into space. Only after that did I kill the warning siren. 'I only discovered it while making my rounds. And just in time,’ adding, ‘I hope,’ under my breath as I counted seconds in my head.
'Sensor failure?'
‘Or the reaction links. Let’s see.’
I called up a display of the engine sensor circuits. The number 7 injection tube sensor was frantically blinking red.
‘It wasn’t the sensor,’ I muttered, and pinged the cut-off circuit. It seemed operational as well. ‘What the Neb? The sensor should’ve triggered an alarm and shut the engine down a full minute before I found it.’
‘On a Guild ship,’ muttered Crista with a grim grin. ‘You ain’t aboard a Guild ship, mate.’
I ignored him – planet trader or not, the sensors and circuits should’ve worked. I called up the ship’s log.
‘What the blazing Neb?’ I muttered again, on viewing the log. ‘The sensor only tripped the shut off circuit fifteen seconds after I’d shut the engine down manually. Why, I was already on the far side of the access hatch…’
‘Better late than never.’
‘Fifteen seconds more would’ve been never,’ I replied, and turned to him. ‘Any temperature more than 10C above ambient should have set off an alarm and any temp over a 20C should have shut down the engine. The plasma was melting through the tube when I discovered it. The sensors and circuits seemed to be working, but with a delayed response.’ 
‘Planet traders...’ Crista said again, with a resigned shrug. ‘Ain’t they fun?’
I stared at him. Did he realize just how close he’d been sailing to his last port? Or did he not care? Neb, even now, a rupture was not out of the question, and with a little more bad luck, it might sever a balancing engine fuel line with just enough fuel in it to blow a hole in the engine room hull. We could still end up taking the boats to Fairwaine. If the rest of the crew left one for us.
I called up the visuals on the airlock access deck. It was empty. Presumably the rest of the crew, including the purser, Wu, who should have been standing watch with Crista on the bridge, had taken refuge in the launch. 
‘What happened to Wu? Did he clear out at the first alarm?’
‘He didn’t report. The Skipper said he’d dig him up.’
‘Well, he’s with the rest of our brave shipmates sheltering in the port launch.’
‘I’d be there too, if I’d known what was going down.’
He said that innocently enough. But I caught his dark implication. 
‘It seems that you and I are the only ones who didn’t know,’ I replied grimly. 
‘Best not to think about that too much, mate,’ said Crista quietly, before turning back to his console. ‘Ain’t healthy.’ 
Of course I thought about it.
The most innocent explanation was that since Crista and I were standing the watch, the others – except for Wu – could’ve all been in the airlock access deck, for some other reason besides waiting for the alarm to sound. They were, after all, old shipmates. And while racing for the launch at the first blast of a warning siren was a rather disheartening performance, neither Crista nor I could say much about that. However, the fact that Wu was there, instead of standing his look-out watch on the bridge, gave one leave to consider a far less innocent explanation. If I cared to ignore Crista’s warning.
I must admit that I’ve read, watched, heard, and virtually experienced enough boys’ space stories in my youth, and listened to enough “old spaceer” yarns since arriving in the Alantzia system, to know that worn out and over insured ships sometimes go missing, on purpose. Or as an old spaceer would say, “sold to the insurance company.” Of course, you probably shouldn’t believe every – or any – old spaceer story you hear. And the Alantzia System was a Unity solar system, not the “lawless” drifts where these stories often take place. Unity space lanes were policed by the Patrol. And we were likely within radio/radar range of several other ships. Selling a ship to the insurance company couldn’t be very easy.
Then too, you’d think that a long established 27 ship company wouldn’t need to stoop to selling one of its ships to the insurance company. Especially the Tzaritsa Moon, which was not on its last rocket tube.
Still… 
‘How long is it going to take to fix it?’ asked Crista, breaking into my dark thoughts.
‘A couple of hours for the engine to cool down. Half an hour to replace the tube. Say three at most.’
‘There goes our delivery bonus!’ laughed Crista. 
Crista had been sailing the Alantzian orbits for half a century. I guess that toughens up the survivors. We didn’t get delivery bonuses.
‘Well, Crista, I’ll settle for just making orbit,’ I replied as the Skipper and Chief Engineer Voste swung up from the access tube and planted themselves on the bridge deck.
‘What in the blazes are you up to, Rylr?’ demanded the Skipper furiously. He had no legitimate reason to be angry at me. 
I bit back an angry retort, suddenly deciding to follow Crista’s example and play dumb. ‘A hot spot on number 7 injector tube, sir.’
My grim faced Chief stalked across the deck to stand alongside of me and glared at the blinking red light.
‘Any damage?’ she said very quietly. 
I kept my gaze on the console before me. I didn’t know if I could keep my suspicions out of my eyes. ‘Not when I exited the engine room. I’ve bled the lines and shut all power down.’
‘Bring up visuals and the lights.’
I did as ordered and cycled through the camera array. Everything looked to be in order. The tube had not ruptured, and by now, would not.
‘Looks like I caught it in time. We were blasted lucky, sir. Ten seconds more under full power and it would’ve likely ruptured and blown the Tzaritsa’s stern off,’ I said, keeping my eyes on the console. I decided to say nothing about the faulty sensors.
‘Right,’ she snapped. ‘I have the watch. Get down to the shop and fabricate a replacement tube.
‘Aye, Chief,’ I said, and made a quick exit. I could almost feel the pressure of her angry – and likely fearful – gaze on the back of my head. I wasn’t crazy about my position aboard the Tzaritsa Moon, but I didn’t envy hers. If my suspicions were correct, she, and likely the old crew, were looking at an uncomfortable interview with the owners, or more likely, one of the pirate princes of the Alantzia.



02
We completed repairs and restarted our decel burn within three hours. I was just finishing up the tail end of my interrupted watch when a voice out of the familiar roar of the engines and spinning pumps said, ‘You’re relieved.’
I glanced over to the dark figure of Chief Engineer Voste standing next to me, outlined in the lights of the console. I had been lost in thought, contemplating my future, what remained of it.
‘Aye,’ I replied, and rattled off the engine settings, as customary, and with a curt nod, turned and started up the ladder to the blast door hatch.
 We had replaced the faulty plasma injector tube, mostly in strained silence. Voste said nothing about the incident, or even asked any questions. I followed her example. The less said, the better. For now. 
I left the roar and heat of the engine room behind to climb up the zigzag ladder through the core of the ship. These lower levels were given to the machines of the various environmental services. Next came the engine room shop, storerooms, and a secure small cargo room. On the other side of this core were 15 standard shipping containers, plus one permanent consignment hold, in an “X” configuration – two docked on each of the four sides of the core, stacked two high. Fuel tanks and the ship’s two boats were located in the angles between the stacked boxes.
I climbed more than halfway up before I reached the galley deck.
Crista had beaten me to the synth-galley machine and was considering his choice of meals. It offered two dozen entrees that more or less tasted alike – they don’t spend credits on fancy flavoring ingredients in the planet trader service. 
‘Number eighteen,’ I said as I joined him.
‘Nah, had that yesterday.’
‘And the day before, and the day before that.’ 
He gave me a grin. ‘You’re saying that I should take my chances with something different?’
‘What have you got to lose?’
‘You’re right,’ he grinned, but then punched in eighteen once again. ‘But then, what have I to gain?’
‘Staying out of trouble?’ he asked, as the synth-galley began to synthesize something resembling food. ‘Fighting the urge to shut down the engines, I hope?’
‘Aye, and not falling into spinning fans as well.’
‘Feeling nervous?’
‘Nah. They’d be foolish to do anything until we reach orbit. Assuming, of course, that we weren’t supposed to reach orbit.’
‘Any doubts?’
‘No. Still, what’s the worst that they can do to us? We’re not the ones who made a hash of the plan.’
‘Keep telling yourself that, mate. As for what we can expect. It depends... In my case, all I know is that we experienced an unexpected engine shut down. Anything you say isn’t evidence, should it come to a Patrol investigation. I think all I have to fear is that I won’t be able to remember this voyage, shortly after we reach Fairwaine. I wouldn’t mind forgetting it.’
‘A memory-wipe?’
He nodded. ‘A voyage limited one, most likely. They might even let me go with a warning to keep my mouth shut.’ The synth-galley chimed and Crista took out his covered tray of number eighteen, and a free fall mug of synth-caf. He turned to me. ‘As for you, humm...’
‘Why not a mind-wipe as well?’
‘Yah, Sure. Why not?’
‘But you don’t think so.’
‘I really don’t know. My impression is that the people who order ships not to make orbit tend to hold grudges. Still, a mind-wipe should work for you as well as me. But you never know.’
‘I was only doing my job.’
‘Oh, that’ll surely lift. Your quick thinking likely cost some very hardhearted people a great deal of wasted efforts and credits. Still, it could be argued that if the job had been done right, you wouldn’t have been in a position to shove your spanner in the works. I’d say that you’re in no worse shape than our esteemed shipmates.’
‘Cold comfort.’
‘Take what you can get.’
I stared silently at the synth-galley for a moment, and shook my head. ‘So much for the exotic romance of the little worlds of Alantzia. Does this sort of thing happen often?’
He shook his head. ‘Nah. Ships have been known to disappear, but companies usually don’t bother trying to collect the insurance on them. You have to prove that the ship was lost by mishap or mechanical failure. And to do that, you need a surviving ship’s boat with the ship’s backup log and a recording of the event. You can’t just blow up a ship, say “Oops” and collect your insurance.’
‘I didn’t think it could be that easy.’
‘Besides, this isn’t the drifts. We’re usually within radar range of another ship or two. Which has me wondering – are you certain it happened on purpose?’
I nodded sadly, ‘I’m afraid so. That tube showed some interior wear, but the hot spot looked to be scratched in. It was less than 30 cm in from the end of the tube. It would’ve been easy enough during the idle time to remove it and scratch a flaw in the lining and be confident the plasma would burn through it within half an hour’s burn. As for the sensors – they checked out normal, but looked to have seen some recent attention. I don’t want to look further since; I’m trying to play innocent...’
‘Do they believe you?’
‘I doubt it. But I’m hoping to send the message that I’m not going to raise a rocket over the incident. All in an Alantzian’s days work, and all that. Still I have to wonder why they tried.’
‘The reason might be our cargo. The bill of lading on those eight boxes we took on from Darqu claims that they hold three PhantomStar fliers apiece. They’re not cheap fliers. And 24 of them… I was very surprised to see them on the manifest. I would’ve thought they’d ship expensive products like that, and in that quantity, on a Guild ship.’
‘So?’
‘I have to wonder if there are actually 24 PhantomStar fliers in those boxes.’
‘Save for insurance purposes.’
‘Right. Eight boxes were lifted, but are they the same eight boxes we loaded?’
‘It’d be hard to switch – they’re all inspected and sealed, especially when bound for a Unity world.’
‘Aye, but this is the Alantzia, mate. Whoever is behind this affair may’ve arranged to either hijack those boxes prior to loading, or simply lifted fraudulent boxes to us, expecting to collect the insurance on 24 expensive fliers. If that’s the case,  they’re not going to be happy. Fraud on that scale cost credits up front,’ said Crista, with a grim grin. 
‘Not our problem,’ I said.
‘Keep telling yourself that, my friend. My dinner’s getting cold. We’ll know soon enough.’
That was what I was afraid of.
The synth-galley chimed and I took out my number seven meal and mug of lukewarm synth-caf. I looked down at its shades of grey and brown and had to wonder what I was thinking about when I decided to explore the exotic side of the Alantzia. Too late, of course. 
I was fairly certain they’d not try to silence or eliminate me until after we made orbit. I was logged in, and if I didn’t arrive safe and sound, it would be noted by the quarantine inspection and generate an automatic Patrol investigation. A Patrol investigation would be the last thing they’d want. However, when you’re trapped with four shipmates who likely planned to kill you, it’s wise to take precautions. So, upon returning to my cabin, I asserted my control of the Tzaritsa Moon. 
Child’s play. I’d been cracking and exploring information systems since I was a child. I’m very good at it. I was born with an uncanny ability to recall very long strings of digits and an intuition that makes complex abstract patterns visible in my mind’s eye. It’s a knack. And a passion. Growing up on Neuholm’s moon of Murlinn, the Patrol’s BasePrime, I had a lot of information systems to explore. By the time I left Murlinn, my access authority to the Patrol’s Prime Information and Control System was a level higher than that of the Prime Admiral of the Patrol. (Though he didn’t know it.) Not that I did much of anything with all the systems I compromised. I was extremely cautious – look, but don’t touch; I just was curious to see how deep I could dive and how high I could soar. Though, to be completely honest, I did insert my little cyber-bots subsystems into each system I explored, to keep the doors open to me, so that I could return any time I cared to. 
Oh, I’m a very dangerous man, though more of a danger to myself than anyone else. Should anyone ever find out about my talent, or my exploits, I don’t know what they might do with me. Thus, I keep my talents secret. But to return to the subject at hand, taking control of the Tzaritsa Moon was easy.
I hold a Guild ticket as a systems-tech as well as an engineer’s, so I know my way around a ship's info-system. Since it controls a thousand different functions, it has a thousand service doors that can be exploited to gain access to the total system. If you have a knack for it. So I took secret control of the ship. I set up the ship’s environmental system, which tracked everyone aboard anyway, to alert me should anyone pause outside my cabin door for more than two seconds. I then secured the airlocks so that they couldn’t be opened except with “owner’s privilege,” which trumped the Captain’s, which I’d awarded to myself. They’d not be sending that plasma tube out the airlock until we arrived. Plus I monitored all communications, and they needed my approval to be sent, just in case the Captain was stupid enough to tip off the people behind the plot prior to our arrival. After that, I scraped the ship’s log, copying the various system-logs to my com-link, and constructed a compelling timeline that all but screamed, “sabotage!” I then added my report and set it up as a radio-packet to the Fairwaine Patrol Station, to be sent as soon as I could get clear of the ship.
Ideally, I should’ve sent it on ahead and had the Patrol waiting for us on making orbit. They could board the ship right after the quarantine inspectors and take us into custody for interrogation using a memory-scan machine that would not only establish who knew what, but could be used to trace the orders back to the people wanting the Tzaritsa Moon destroyed. The problem was, I would be memory-scanned as well. Ideally, the memory-scan would only cover the incident, but even so, my subsequent actions would give them a hint of my talents. And I didn’t dare risk that.
 I had another reason as well. One way or another, I’ve spent most of my life in the Patrol. Growing up on Murlinn which was almost entirely devoted to the Patrol, I ate, slept, played, studied, and worked Patrol. The Patrol was a facet of everything, and everyone, I knew. My parents were high ranking officers in the Patrol, and they expected me to follow suit. 
I did. For one 12 year hitch. As a tech, not an officer. Six years in contraband control, and six in fleet maintenance. However, being a Patrol tech didn’t satisfy my parents, who expected an officer son. I wasn’t satisfied either. Thirty years in the Patrol, one way or another, was enough for me, so at the end of my first service hitch, I made my escape. I booked a box-passage to the Alantzia system.
There I adopted a new identity – easy enough for me – and with my Patrol training, quickly qualified for an entry level three Guild ticket as an engineer which I used to land a berth on a Guild manned tramp ship. Since then, I’ve passed for both a level two engineer’s ticket and that level three systems tech ticket. I didn’t care to go higher with the systems tech, so as not to advertise my talent. You can learn a lot in four years as a spaceer. But apparently, not enough…
Sorry. People have remarked, on occasion, that I talk too much. What I’m working around to saying is that if I fell into the hands of the Patrol – even here in Alantzia – they would eventually identify me, and word of my fate – tramping on some sort of shady 16 box planet trader between the minor planets and moons of the Alantzia system – would eventually reach my parents. It might break their hearts. Or they might disown me. Likely both. I didn’t care to risk either, so I had devised my plan as a way of seeing that justice was served, without getting personally involved.



Chapter 02  Fairwaine and Di Ai



01
‘Finished with engines,’ said the Captain, standing behind Crista at the helm. I was manning the engine from the bridge, along with Wu, the Purser, who was manning the communications station.
I acknowledged his order and took the main and eight balancing engines off line. We had made our assigned orbital berth above the large moon of Fairwaine. There was, however, no joy in our safe arrival.
‘See that all is secured below,’ the Captain added.
‘Aye,’ I replied and set off for the engine room, glad to be free of the unacknowledged, but very palatable, tension on the bridge. The crisis was at hand for one and all, and everyone was feeling the weight of it. Save for routine communications upon arrival, the Captain had maintained radio silence. Which meant that I had no idea what to expect. But everyone knew that a very unpleasant person downside may have already noted our unexpected arrival and was likely very unhappy.
I had just finished securing the auxiliary machines when the quarantine boat arrived to scan the ship and crew for health hazards. I reported to the wardroom and was examined by the med bots to verify that I had no dangerous communicable disease. The quarantine inspection was universal in the Unity, but of greater concern in the Alantzia system with its hundreds of dissenting little worlds and inhabited asteroids that were often deliberately primitive. 
The Captain and Mate watched Crista and me closely during the exam, fearing that we might take the opportunity to express other, more pressing, concerns for our health. Crista, however, was content to risk a mind-wipe and I had decided that I’d make my report when I was downside, once I had a chance to escape both the people that wanted this ship not to arrive, and the Patrol. 
Fairwaine, though technically a distant moon of Vilwaine, was large enough to possess a gravity of a 1/6th of standard gravity, and it had been completely terraformed. Because of this, it boasted a large Unity population as well as a diverse collection of nonconforming societies. In short, it was big enough, and populated enough, to disappear into, given half an hour’s head start. Getting that half an hour was my problem.   
Once the bots had departed and the quarantine boat had cleared our extended airlock, I turned to the Captain. ‘Engine room is secure, sir. My duties are completed. If you will release my wages, I’ll signal for a taxi.’ 
I didn’t expect him to agree, but I was still playing the clueless second engineer. I figured it was worth a try, since it wasn’t all that far from the truth.
‘You’ll have your wages when I get to my office. As for the taxi, I’ll save you the fare. Our agent wants a word with you and Voste concerning that engine shut down. Fex’ll take you and Voste down as soon as he can clear the launch. Collect your gear and report to the airlock deck in ten minutes.’
That was a lie. He’d not communicated with our agent. I was still monitoring the ship’s communications. Nevertheless, I replied, ‘I don’t need praise. Just doing my job. Still, a bonus would be appreciated.’ 
‘I’ll see what I can do for you,’ he replied, all too darkly for my liking.
‘I can run them down, sir,’ offered Crista. ‘No need to send Fex. The Trade Inspectors will be up shortly and you’ll want the mate aboard to deal with them.’
‘You and I’ll deal with the Trade Inspectors,’ he snapped. And with a jerk of his head to the launch’s access port, added, ‘Lift, Fex.’
Crista shrugged and I gave him a little smile of thanks for the effort, and took his offered hand. We exchanged ‘Good luck and fair orbits,’ and an ironic ‘See you downside for drinks.’  He wouldn’t likely remember me, if we ever met again. Even if it was tomorrow. Nor I him, at the current odds. And with that, I turned for the free fall ladder to collect my gear. 
I had my gear packed, and packed just the way I wanted it – with my hand-built 1:32 scale model of a Crimson Comet 33xz yacht carefully nestled at the top of my Guild spaceer uniform and a few other keepsakes. I loved this little model for several reasons. The 33xz model of the Crimson Comet space yacht was gloriously Gothic in design, making it a very interesting model to build. I had spent hundreds of hours crafting it out of metal and D-matter parts during my time in the Patrol. It was the ultimate expression of my misspent romantic youth enjoying unlikely space adventures, since it hid a working, but undetectable plasma darter straight out of those stories.
During my first six year assignment in contraband suppression, I’d come across a small plasma darter in a hidden compartment aboard the confiscated smuggler's boat which I was inspecting. Though it was against regulations, I decided to keep that little darter for myself. I dismantled it and rebuilt its essential parts in such a way that they became parts of the yacht model. One of the yacht’s fins doubled as its handle, while the rest of it – its dart magazine, capacitor, and drive beam projector – were hidden in the yacht’s engine and carefully shielded with D-matter material so that they could not be identified as such by the automated security scanners found at every entry point in the Unity. However, flipping down the after hull section to view the engine, and then, with two quick flicks I could attach the guts of the darter to the fin-handle, and have a working 1mm plasma darter with 200 darts in hand, should the need ever arise. So, thanks to the romanticism of my misspent youth, I had more than the customary billy-blade in my jacket pocket to aid in my hoped for escape. 
The problem was that I didn’t know where we were landing. And thus, I didn’t know whether or not I needed to keep the darter hidden in the model, or if I could keep it assembled and handy in the pocket of my jacket. Darters were illegal in all of Fairwaine. This was the Unity, after all. And the penalty for attempting to smuggle a darter through security was rehabilitation, which is to say, a fairly comprehensive mind-wipe and restructuring. However, many of Fairwaine’s non-conforming societies didn’t bother to enforce this polity – part of their nonconforming mentality. Flora Qin’s The Fairwaine Traveler, A Comprehensive Guide to the Societies of Fairwaine had offered some hints as to which ones were lax, but my better judgment said “play it safe.” So I gave the complete little Crimson Comet 33xz one last wishful look, and sealed my kit bag. 
I spent the next five minutes donning two trousers, and three shirts – all armored against darts, the last layer being my nondescript downside clothes, which I hoped would allow me to easily slip unremarked into most Fairwaine societies. All these clothes were made of a D-matter fabric designed to stop standard darts, and with all the layers I was wearing, they might even prevent an armor piercing 1mm caliber dart from penetrating as well. In addition, I had started wearing a special, skin-tight undergarment dating from my Patrol days since the incident. This garment had superconducting threads woven into the fabric that were designed to follow the dart into the body and conduct a portion of the plasma discharge out and into the garment, thus lessening its effects on the body. It would shorten the time I'd be unconscious. It might even render a fatally charged dart, not quite as deadly. It was a Patrol exclusive garment – and issued exclusively to personnel and only when they were on duty where darter fire was a potentiality – as in the ship boarding duties I performed in my first assignment. I didn’t return mine, though the records would say otherwise. It seemed rather unethical to keep such a potentially lifesaving technology as a Patrol monopoly.   
I donned my nondescript D-matter downside jacket and slung my kit bag over my shoulder, and looked in the small mirror. “Well me’lad, ain’t this just the type of adventure you dreamed of having?” I asked myself. My honest answer was “Aye.” Be careful of your dreams.
As I made my way back to the wardroom I mulled over my very thin plan, which involved slipping a couple of darts into the Mate and Chief at some point and then running fast and far. I’d then send along my report to the Patrol, and bury myself in some obscured non-conforming society (so I couldn’t be traced by Unity security) along with my Rye Rylr identity. I’d resurrect my Guild spaceer identity and then after several months, to let all the repercussions die down, I’d slip off planet, and probably out of the system, with an old spaceer yarn of a doomed ship and the pirate princes of the Atlantzian system to tell, when I was far, far away.
Fex had the launch docked at the extended airlock and waiting when I arrived. So with my kit bag in hand and my precious model of a Crimson Comet 33xz within easy reach, I joined the grim faced Voste and took a seat just behind the open cockpit forward. Neither of them looked to be any more happy to face the “agent” than me. For all I knew, they may well have a plan similar to mine in mind. I didn’t, however, care to risk suggesting that we all give this “interview” a miss. Instead I acted as nonchalant as possible. It was dim in the launch, so my act may’ve passed for nonchalance. There was no conversation as Fex detached the launch. A moment later, its acceleration settled us into our seats. 
The launch was a pretty utilitarian affair. Two seats in the cockpit, with three rows of four seats divided by a narrow aisle behind the cockpit. The passenger access hatch was behind the seats. Since the launch was used to haul small form factor cargo up from the little worlds, moons, and asteroids that the Tzaritsa Moon served, there was a large cargo hold with an access hatch of its own beyond the passenger hatch, accessible by a narrow doorway in the bulkhead.
I watched the view screens over the Mate’s shoulder. One showed the Tzaritsa Moon blinking out astern, while another showed the pale silvery disk of Fairwaine sliding into view.  It quickly grew to fill the view screen, as we slipped around to its dark side. Ten minutes later, the Mate set us plunging through the opaque boundary layer of the moon’s 30 kilometer deep atmosphere and towards a bright spot that quickly grew into a large, crater-walled city. With a few words to the control tower, Fex brought us smoothly down on the landing field beyond its rim, and taxied the launch to our assigned parking berth among a mix of small space boats and atmospheric fliers. It wasn’t Fairwaine Prime – I knew Fairwaine Prime, but the city was large enough for me to keep my darter hidden in the Crimson Comet. For now.
As Fex killed the launch’s landing jets, Voste turned to me and said. ‘Wait here. We’ll be back shortly to collect you after we contact the agent.’
‘Sure, Chief,’ I said, trying and likely failing, to keep my surprise and hope out of my voice. I was half convinced they were going to run.
She rose and walked back to open the entry hatch as Fex slipped around the pilot’s chair. As he walked past me, he pulled a 2mm caliber darter out from under his jacket and fired two darts into my shoulder. The first, the standard dart exploded in an eye shearing blaze of blue plasma as it discharged on the outer layer of my armored clothing. The second one, the armor piercing one, sliced through those armored layers and sent a plasma charge into my nervous system, plunging me into blackness.



02
I’d been darted as part of my Patrol training, so when I became aware of the pulsing pain radiating up from the base of my skull, I recognized it as the usual unpleasant side effect having your neurological system disrupted by a plasma dart discharging its charge in your body. The darts could be charged to a lethal level, but even non-lethal ones left you rather wishing you had died – for the first several minutes, anyway. I suppressed a groan and pried my eyes open, a little, to warily survey the dim lit interior of the launch. 
I seemed to be alone – from what I could see and hear without moving my poor head. I’d have to do that eventually, but I decided to put it off until I could gather more of my wits about me, so as to be able to act, if need be. I consulted my com link. A little over 40 minutes had passed since we landed. 
How long a person remains unconscious after the plasma discharges in a person’s body depends mostly on the energy level of the needle-like plasma dart that it had been charged with. A person’s tolerance of the dart’s neurological disruption has a small effect as well. In my case, the presence of that skin-tight insulating undergarment had a much more significant effect. Taking that into account, Fex must have charged the dart for at least an hour’s worth of effect. Maybe two. But no more. No doubt that the pirate prince’s agent would want to tie up as many loose ends as quickly as possible. Including me. Which meant that I likely had ten minutes to get clear with a decent safety margin. That thought got me moving. To Neb with the pain! 
I carefully looked around the dim cabin. I was indeed alone. I climbed to my feet –  a struggle even with Fairwaine’s 1/6th standard gravity. I had to hold on to the seat until a fresh rush of pain subsided and my vision cleared. When it did, I slung my kit bag over my shoulder and gingerly made my way to the hatch. I had just started to reach out to hit the “open” button when it began to swing down on its own.
I stared dumbly at it for a second or two – not one of my finest moments of clear thinking – before realizing that they had returned to collect me. With a few choice, but suppressed curses, I jumped back and stepped into the darkness of the cargo compartment beside me. I slid along its bulwark to the far corner where I crouched down. There, I frantically fumbled for the bag’s latch in complete darkness.
I had it unlocked, when a shaft of faint twilight from the opening hatchway shot into the compartment. I found the Crimson Comet, flipped the engine room panel up, and frantically shifted the little hidden mechanisms to assemble and free the darter from the model. With long practice, I had my darter in hand in seconds. And with it, I found myself feeling a whole lot better about life than I had been for some time. I stayed crouched in the corner, waiting to greet them with a few darts of my own when they got around to looking for me here.
And waited.
Surprisingly they were silent. No curses or expressions of surprise when they found that I was gone. I heard the hatch close and I thought I was alone again. But then, a bright shaft of light shot through the cargo compartment doorway, illuminating the aft bulkhead, sweeping right, and left to reveal an empty, save for me, compartment. Crouched against the forward bulkhead, the beam never touched me before it snapped off. Whoever had been wielding the light remained in the passenger compartment. Still, no sound. No apparent movement. Nothing to indicate that I wasn’t alone. But I wasn’t alone, so I waited for something to happen.
But nothing did.
Eventually, I stood, and carefully slid along the bulwark to the door frame. I turned to face it. I waited for any response, though I’d not made a sound. With none, I leaned one eye length out, darter in hand.
I saw a dark figure – a stranger – seated in the pilot’s chair, silhouetted in the faint glow of the launch’s control console’s screens. The intruder was dressed in black with a spaceer’s cap. There was a satchel on the deck with cables running from it to the console’s access port and to a softly glowing input device propped up on the console. Clearly someone who shouldn’t be here.
A thief? I could think of only two things to steal; the launch or its data. The launch seemed unlikely. There are plenty of advanced societies on Fairwaine and ships in orbit who would track it to wherever a thief might carry it off to. That left data – most likely, the ship’s log – since the launch held the insurance mandated back-up version of the Tzaritsa Moon’s main log. Who would be interested in that? And why?
A rival? Perhaps. From the tales I heard, there was little love lost among the various pirate princes of the Alantzia. Perhaps the insurance company that was to be defrauded was owned by a rival pirate prince… 
But that didn’t make sense – it was too soon for that type of reaction. It was too soon for any reaction to the incident. So it had to be something unrelated… Or perhaps the planned destruction of the Tzaritsa Moon was related to something more than insurance fraud… Something recorded in the ship’s unalterable log? 
The other alternative was that this was a Patrol operation. Perhaps someone tipped them off on Darqu that Tzaritsa Moon was not scheduled to make it to Fairwaine. Or she had bogus cargo. But why would the Patrol need to access the log this way, when they could simply inspect the ship’s prime log onboard the Tzaritsa Moon upon arrival?  Their jurisdiction ended where the atmosphere began, so if this was a Patrol operation, it was a covert one. One that seemed unnecessary. But this was the Alantzia, so it could be anything. My head still hurt, so I filed those questions away for another day. 

 I stayed where I was. I’d a feeling that either a pirate prince or Patrol agent would likely dart me without hesitation. Standard procedure. 
I heard the thief curse softly, and stand, so I ducked back behind the bulwark. A moment later I heard the hatch cycle open – briefly. And then silence again. I waited several minutes before looking again. A thin sliver of twilight outlined the slightly open entry hatch, and the agent/thief was back at the pilot’s chair, working the input device again.
The launch’s D-matter hull was impervious to radiation, which meant that if the thief needed to communicate with someone outside of the launch, he or she would either have to use the boat’s own com system, or crack open the hull and perhaps attach a tiny transponder to the hull just outside the hatch to relay messages. A Patrol agent should not need outside help to access the log, since they had the universal key to logs. A rival then? My head still hurt.
In any event, precious minutes were ticking away as the thief continued to work – tapping on the input screen and waiting for a response, tapping and waiting, tapping and waiting…  My ten minutes had already passed, and my escape window was getting narrower, minute by minute. 
Finally, the thief/agent pulled the access plug and turned to lift the satchel. I caught a glimpse of her face, softly lit by the lights on the control console. She had a pretty face. She stuffed her input device into the satchel, and standing, looked about to make sure she hadn’t forgotten anything, I suddenly remembered what I was doing, and slipped back out of sight.
Just as the hatch began to open, again.
‘What’s this? It looks to be open.’ I heard someone outside say. Not a familiar voice.
‘Has he lifted?’ 
(A shrug of shoulders, perhaps?)
‘Well, find out,’ snapped the voice again, as the hatch swung down to make an access ladder.
Light footsteps on the hatch steps. The cabin lights sprang to life, making twilight of my darkness. I brought the darter to bear on the open doorway.
‘There, behind the pilot’s chair!’ someone yelled. 
The interior of the launch exploded in the bright blue flashes of darts exploding against the bulkhead. 
This was followed by more shouts, grunts, and apparently, falling before the flickering of plasma dart explosions abruptly stopped, ten seconds later. Silence fell once more.
I waited, holding my breath.
The light bleed from the forward compartment dimmed as someone passed in front of the door. I moved forward, intending to put a dart into any survivor’s back and make my escape.
One body was just inside the hatchway, a second in the narrow aisle. A third person was cautiously making her way over them towards the cockpit. I steadied my darter against the door frame. I ran the little blue dot of its drive field up the center of her back until it reached the nape of her neck – no armored clothing there – and fired one standard dart. She dropped instantly. She’d have one nova of a headache when she awoke.
I swung my darter towards the entry hatch, and cautiously looked out. There was no one else about. I turned back to survey the battlefield.
I recognized neither of the fellows at my feet. I bent over and felt the neck of the nearest body. I found a pulse, so the thief was firing non-lethal darts. I stepped over my own victim in the aisle, bringing me to the edge of the cockpit.
The thief had fallen face down on the deck. I put my fingers to her neck to see if I could find a pulse.
I did, so I lifted her shoulder and turned her over. Did I mention that she had a pretty face?
Now what?
With everyone involved in this strange affair out cold, I should lift while I could. Every second lengthened my lead. And I had a feeling that I’d need every second.
The thief’s darter beside her caught my eye. I leaned over and picked it up. Though unmarked, it was a standard issue Patrol darter. I checked its dart charge level. Basic operational stun – half an hour. I then picked up my target’s darter. It was set at minimum, say ten to fifteen minutes. If the agent was a Patrol special ops agent, she would certainly be wearing a skintight undergarment like mine, and would likely come around long before these other – people – did. I could probably leave her here with her darter, and just lift. She didn’t look like a pirate prince’s thief. Nor, for that matter, a Patrol special ops agent either. But don’t ask me why. Still, I had to admit to myself, that it wouldn’t have mattered to me either way. I really didn’t want to just leave her here because... But, well, I don’t suppose I need to repeat myself yet again, so I pocketed her darter as well as my own and went to work.
I collected the other two darters and shoved them into the thief’s satchel. I had no use for them. I slipped the strap of her satchel over my head, alongside my kit bag and crouching down, lifted her to her feet. I arranged her limp body next to mine to appear as if I was taking a shipmate, a bit under the weather, back to our ship.
Slipping sideways through the seats and over the slumbering bodies, I made my way carefully down the narrow steps into the cool night air of the landing field. I hit the close button and, as the launch’s entry hatch rose and closed behind me, I considered my options.
It looked like night, but that didn’t mean a thing. Daylight and nights on Fairwaine are some two standard days long each, depending on the season. So they kept it simple and had a single standard time for all of Fairwaine. Which meant that it could be noon, midnight, or any hour in between. 
Around me, the spaceport lay in shades of black, silver, and blue. The planet of Vilwaine hung nearly overhead as a small, bright smudge in the milky nano-fiber boundary layer that floated on top of Fairwaine’s atmosphere to keep it from drifting off, while preventing deadly cosmic radiation from penetrating to the surface. The entire sky had a faint silver-white glow to it, brighter along one horizon where presumably sunlight was seeping from its far side. Behind me, I heard the whine of a flier taxiing down a taxiway, and to my right, the sudden roar of the rockets of a large transport preparing for take off. The glowing band of buildings set in the outer wall of the city’s crater lay to my left. On their far side would be a formerly domed city. It was my ultimate, and pressing goal. I could see people moving against the glow of the terminal building. I needed to ditch my thief before heading for the terminal. And I needed to ditch her soon, somewhere near.
Straight ahead, over the hulking shapes of parked spaceboats and fliers, I spied a line of tall hangars and the cranes of cargo handling facilities. They would offer some dark, out of the way corner to deposit the thief. 
 Taking a moment to get her settled so that her feet did not drag on the tarmac, I quickly set off across the taxiway, and dodged through the first two rows of parked spacecraft at a good pace, pausing only to check to see if anyone was too close. I crossed another line, and glancing to my right I caught sight of a familiar silhouette. One that was so familiar that I stopped and stared. 
Outlined in the faint twilight was a Kashin D73, Starsprite – a winged, hybrid rocket-flier designed for both atmospheric and near space flights. The patrol had more than a million of them in service throughout the nebula. And I had serviced a fair share of them. There are civilian versions of the Starsprite, but what were the odds?
I hurried over and standing close to its wings, I felt the residue heat from a recent flight, which settled the issue for me. Stepping around to the nose of the flier, I ducked down and carefully deposited my burden on the tarmac, propping her up against the landing gear. Satisfied that she’d not topple over, I stood hunched up in the well of the landing gear.  I found its service panel and punched in the Patrol service access code that was still fresh in my mind, four years later. The shield slid up and the input panel sprang to life with its oh-so familiar menus. 
I had to smile. That’s the Unity for you. With a million Starsprites scattered across a couple hundred worlds and a thousand bases, why not make things simple and give them all the same access code?  And never change it from one century to the next?
The first thing I did was call up the current “owner” of the Starsprite, one Lieutenant Junior Grade IA2 (Intelligence Analyst, Level 2) Vaun Di Ai, out of VanTre (a major Alantzian planet) Patrol Station. That seemed very unlikely. An intelligence analyst was a desk job. Because Patrol operations on a moon or planet were normally out of the Patrol’s jurisdiction, special operations planetside were authorized only when urgency or concern about local authorities being compromised demanded action. These agents were a specialty position. A mere level 2 (in 12 levels) desk bound intelligence analyst would never have been sent on a covert mission. So, this couldn’t be her bird. But if not hers, whose? And then, who was she?
My head still hurt, so I decided to simply take everything at face value. She was Lt. JG Vaun Di Ai IA2 and the Starsprite was hers. If not, she could sort it out with the real Lt. Di Ai whenever she turned up, since I needed to get her stashed away and lift.
I uploaded my radio-packet report about the incident aboard the Tzaritsa Moon to the ship’s com system and scheduled it to be sent as soon a com channel was opened, since the boundary layer overhead prevented direct radio contact. Everything had to be routed through laser lines to orbiting satellites. I’d leave it up to the Starsprite to make those connections when it was possible.
Getting a secured hatch of a Patrol Starsprite to open without the cooperation of its registered owner is not straightforward, but not too hard either. You just have to know how to drill your way down through a dozen menus to get to the point where you can initiate a test operation of the hatch’s servo motors. The truth is that you can do just about anything, but fly a Starsprite using its service menus, if you know your way around them, which, after six years, I did.
While its small hatch door purred down – working perfectly – I turned back to the thief wondering what was the best way to actually bundle her aboard the small flier compartment. Head first or feet first?
As it turned out, she’d be able to get in herself. She had come to while I was working through the service menus and had quietly drawn her legs close and was prepared to spring, if need be. Even in the darkness under the flier I could sense, if not see, that she’d been watching me closely.
Finding me looking at her, she smiled brightly. ‘Patrol?’ she asked quietly.
‘Ex-Patrol,’ I replied, adding with an apologetic smile. ‘I’m glad to see that you’ve come around. I was wondering how I was going to get you aboard your craft… In a, shall we say, decorous manner? This is your bird, isn’t it?’
She ignored my question. ‘An amusing problem. Feet or head first, hmm? I suppose it wouldn’t have mattered.’ 
I let it ride, for the time being. ‘Feeling fit enough to stand?’ 
‘Oh, I think so. Lend me a hand,’ she said, offering hers.
If it had been anyone else, I would’ve hesitated, but she seemed, well, sincerely nice. Which probably – given the circumstances – should’ve set off warning alarms. Still, I took hold of her hand and lifted her to her feet. She held onto my arm with both hands for several seconds crouching under the flier until she found her balance.
‘Sorry. My head is pounding,’ she said, still smiling, as she gave me a closer look.
‘So is mine. Let's get out from under your craft so we can stand straight and have a quick confab,’ I suggested. And where I could see her more clearly.
 Once we were standing in the twilight, I slipped the strap of her satchel over my head and handed it to her. ‘I shoved all the darters in here, just so you’re aware of that before trying to cross security.’
‘Thank you. I’ll try to remember that.’ She slipped its strap over her head, and lifting her cap, ran her fingers through her hair. ‘I was darted. And now I’m here. Clearly I owe you a debt of gratitude. But would you mind telling me the how and why of it?’ 
‘I was aboard the launch when your darter fight broke out. It took out everyone but me, since I was hiding in the cargo bay. I decided that you were likely Patrol, and felt honor bound to carry you somewhere to safely recover. I spotted the Patrol Starsprite, so here we are. Now tell me what’s an IA2 doing downside covertly breaking into a ship’s boat on what, I assume, is a special ops mission to download the backup log?’
She smiled, and again ignored my question. ‘So you were watching me the whole time.’
I found myself nodding. ‘I was.’
She shook her head ruefully. ‘A lesson learned. Never assume a cargo bay is empty without glancing in for a look.’
‘But carefully. You would’ve got a dart. Still you were careless. A mistake a desk jockey IA2 would make. Now tell me straight, what are you doing here?’
‘Staff shortage?’ she said brightly with an apologetic shrug, but watching me carefully. ‘Oh, as much as I owe you an explanation, I am sure you know, I can’t go blabbing Patrol secrets. Operational guidelines and all that. You’ll just have to take me at face value. So what were you doing hiding in the cargo compartment? May I ask why?’
‘I really need to lift. I uploaded my complete report to the Starsprite’s com-system and set it to be sent to the Patrol satellite as soon as communication is possible. It will answer all your questions.’ I could be evasive too.
‘Care to be more specific? Just so I can write something intelligent in my report.’
 I found that I couldn’t resist her. ‘I’m Rye Rylr, formerly the second engineer of the Tzaritsa Moon. My shipmates had darted me and gone off to get orders concerning what to do with me. I had just come around when you arrived. Expecting my ex-shipmates, I hid, hoping to ambush them, somehow.’
‘What’d you do to earn that dart?’
‘I know too much. There was, shall we say, an incident, during our last voyage that did not go as planned. We made Fairwaine. Thanks to me. They were no doubt reaching someone to get orders concerning me.’
‘An incident?’ she asked, giving me an inquiring look, that, for some reason, I couldn’t resist.
‘I believe they tried to blow up the ship.’ 
‘That’s very interesting, indeed!’ she exclaimed, ‘Go on. What happened?
I sketched in the events aboard the Tzaritsa Moon and her launch.  
‘Hmm… Very, very interesting,’ she mused. ‘It may’ve worked. But not now. So I take it that they brought you down to keep you quiet.’
‘A memory-wipe, or worse...’
‘But you came to and were about to lift when I arrived.’
‘Right.’
‘And stayed hidden in the cargo compartment, even though you suspected that I was a Patrol agent.’
‘I wasn’t certain and I figured I’d be darted out expediently, no matter who or what you were up to.’
She smiled, and shrugged. ‘Perhaps that was wise. But then your shipmates returned...’
‘It wasn’t them. Don’t know who they are, but they must have been coming to collect me and caught us both.’
‘I took too long,’ she sighed. ‘They buried what I wanted in a data black hole. I was lucky to spot the splice line in the code, but I needed more computing power to extract that hidden and encrypted section and had to call in backup computing power. I paid a price for that delay. But thanks to you, it’s only a headache.’
Logs were supposed to be unalterable. But sections of it could be encrypted and buried in the code underneath a false section that covered an incident that needed hiding. You had to be an expert to do it well, and to spot it. I was impressed. 
If Tzaritsa Moon’s log was patched, it may mean that it was involved in something more than insurance fraud, something that would warrant her destruction – suitably over insured. 
 ‘It was just like all the darter fights I watched in my misspent youth! Luckily you were able to dart the last of them just as she put a dart in you.’ I was determined to keep my darter out of the story – it was, after all, an illegal weapon and she was, or at least could be, a Patrol agent. I doubted that she would object. But why take the chances?  
‘I did?’ She said, giving me a knowing look. ‘I don’t recall getting a shot on the person by the hatch.’
‘You must have,’ I insisted, innocently. ‘Here we are.’
She gave me an amused look. ‘Seeing that you’ve been so nice to me, I’ll let your story ride. I suppose it’s best the way the story goes down.’
‘For both of us.’ I then added, ‘And with all the darts flying, they probably didn’t get a clear look at you. They’re strangers to me, so they may well assume that they encountered, one Rye Rylr, not some unknown agent. Your mission may not be compromised. Speaking of which, what were you looking for?’
I shouldn’t have been asking questions. I should’ve been lifting. But she had… oh, never mind.
She gave me a searching look and shook her head. ‘I’m not allowed to say anything. Plus, I don’t think you really want to know. You’re in enough trouble as it is.’ 
She was right.
‘I’ve a question for you,’ she added, watching me closely. ‘How long have you been aboard the Tzaritsa Moon?’ 
‘Not long. But too long. Since Varentre orbit. Make it about seven weeks.’
‘And the second pilot?’
‘I believe about five months.’
She nodded. ‘You said that you’ve prepared a report on the incident?’
‘Yes, a complete report with log readings, onboard the Starsprite.’
‘You don’t trust me with it?’ she said, with a teasing smile.
‘You’re not admitting to anything...’
‘Not allowed to.’
‘Right. I’ve got to lift. But one last word of advice. Assuming that you are Lieutenant Di Ai, you should know that one of your superiors has it in for you. No superior officer with your best interest in mind would send you here on a mission like this. An IA2 is a desk job and they’re never sent, nor are they qualified to be sent, on field missions, especially one likely involving one of the pirate princes.’
‘Maybe I volunteered.’
I shook my head. ‘Against regulations. Speaking of which, where’s your backup? He or she should have done what I just did. You do have one, don’t you?’
She shrugged evasively. ‘I haven’t needed one yet, thanks to you.’ 
‘Well he or she better be somewhere in the darkness. And regardless, watch your back, Lieutenant. You’ve got a hidden enemy.’
‘I appreciate your concern. But I think you’re the one who needs to watch his back. You have very real enemies. Pirate prince enemies, as you call them. I would suggest that since you went to all the effort to crack open the Starsprite, that you slip inside of it now and wait for it’s owner. I’m certain the owner would offer you protective custody as a witness in a case of attempted insurance fraud.’ 
‘And attempted murder.’
‘And attempted murder,’ she added, with a serious, for her, nod.
‘Thank you, but with any luck, I should be able to disappear all on my own. Once that report gets to the Patrol, mind-wiping me would be useless. They’ll not bother to look for me.’
She gave me a purposefully exaggerated doubtful look.
‘Except for revenge. I’ll give them a few months to cool off, and then, with a new name, and maybe, a beard? I’ll get off world – as a passenger, if need be. I might just consider putting Alantzia astern as well. Just to be safe.’
‘The Patrol could arrange that, on their tab too.’
‘I don’t care to get involved with the Patrol again.’
‘Why?’ She said, tilting her head in an inquiring way. She had a way, at least with me, of making an interrogation a conversation.
 ‘I have a perfectly innocent, and personal reason.’
She continued to study me. I wasn’t that fascinating. ‘Care to be a little more specific?’ She asked, quietly.
‘Patrol parents. Murlinn rank Patrol parents. Parents who think that I should still be in the Patrol. If you have any Patrol parents, you’ll know what I mean. I don’t want to risk a report about my current situation appearing on their daily update. I’m not down on my luck. I was just sampling the so-called authentic life of the little worlds of Alantzia System. But they might read it differently… I don’t want them to worry.’
She nodded. She didn’t say anything more, but continued to watch me with her questioning eyes. Maybe she did have Patrol parents...
For some reason, I didn’t mind it.
‘So, now that I’ve filed my report, the Patrol should be able to pursue justice. They don’t need me. Now, I really need to lift. I’ve stayed here with you far too long as it is.’  
As you many have gathered, I found that I was rather reluctant to leave Lt. Di Ai. I liked her, even with her questioning eyes. Maybe because of her questioning eyes. But time was a’wasting. They might be sending more people to investigate the delay. So I said, ‘Good luck with your investigation – whatever it is. And please be careful, these pirate princes are not to be trifled with. And don’t volunteer again. Fair orbits, Lt. Di Ai.’
‘Oh, don’t worry about me. I’m always very careful,’ she laughed, and then, more seriously than I’d seen her before, she said quietly, ‘Thank you.’
I said, quite truthfully, ‘It was my pleasure.’ 
She smiled and waved goodbye. 
I reluctantly turned away.
I half expected her to dart me. But she didn’t.
I hurried for the distant buildings of the crater wall and the entry portal with the long, looping steps of a low gravity world. Reaching the end of the row, I looked back, down the long row of fliers, I didn’t see her. Which made me rather sad.
Neb! I liked her.
I sighed, and turned my attention to my com-link. It had connected to the local information net and informed me that we had landed at Still Crater, a city in the Contera Commonwealth district. 
The Contera Commonwealth, was, as I recalled from The Fairwaine Traveler, a so-called “doorstep” style non-conforming society. It appeared to be very Unity Standard, on its surface. And as such, it was the type of district where one could take a little step out of the Unity to sample what life beyond the Unity had to offer. However, it wasn’t the Unity. One could starve in the Contera Commonwealth. One’s labor could be exploited. One needed credits for things that were taken for granted in the Unity. And one could have a much longer career as a criminal in the Commonwealth than in a full Unity community. One could also get very wealthy within a lifetime spent in the Commonwealth unlike in the far more regulated Unity. And, unlike in the Unity, that wealth translated into power, since credits talked. It was a society where a pirate prince could, more or less safely, run both legitimate and illegal enterprises, with only a relatively modest expenditure of credits in the right hands.
But what mattered to me was that its security levels did not allow darters through checkpoints. I didn’t want to leave mine in a pre-security locker, so I ducked into the deep shadow of the last flier in the row and reinstalled my darter into the model. I then hurried towards the brightly lit doors of the lobby of the entry terminal...



Chapter 03  A Pirate Prince’s Prisoner



01
…Only to pull up short to avoid running down Voste, Fex, and a tall stranger who were hurrying out of the terminal doors. I had half a second to decide. Running seemed unlikely to succeed, given what I knew from bitter past experience. The landing field, pre-security screening, and so, was likely lawless enough for Fex to dart me again without consequences. I decided to stay in character. The simple spaceer engineer. I was a natural for the role.
‘Lift mates!’ I exclaimed, breathlessly, as I tried pushing through them in not quite faux-panic. ‘They’re onto us!’ Notice the use of “us.”
Fex was having none of that. He grabbed my arm to hold me back. ‘What are you doing here?’ he demanded, angrily. He should be, since I wouldn’t have been there, if he hadn’t botched another assignment.
I tried to shake off his grip. ‘The Patrol! Blast you! The Blasted Patrol. Don’t you understand? They’re already on to us! Their agents have already searched the launch! We gotta lift and disappear if we don’t want to be mind-scanned!’ I exclaimed, breathlessly – careful to use “we.” We’d been shipmates, Fex, Voste, and me after all. 
‘What do you mean the Patrol is here?’ asked the stranger, quietly. No one ever called him by name, so he’s just the “Tall Man” to me.  ‘And if they are, why are you running from them?’
Good questions. Luckily I had ready answers. The truth. Almost.
‘When I came to from Fex’s dart...’ I darted him a contemptuous look.
‘He should’ve been out for another half an hour!’ Fex objected, turning to the Tall Man. 
Who jerked his chin in my direction to prove him wrong. ‘Go on,’ he said to me.
‘I was just about to lift – I don’t take to being darted.’ This with another sharp look in Fex’s direction. ‘But as I was about to open the hatch, it began to open all by itself. I ducked into the cargo compartment. Someone came onboard, and swept a light around the cargo compartment, but didn’t bother to step in. I waited for a good while before taking a peek. I saw him in the cockpit with a satchel of equipment connected to the control panel. He must have been scraping the launch’s backup log for evidence. I can’t think of anything else he’d be doing…’
‘And you know he’s Patrol?’ asked the Tall Man.
‘Who else? They don’t wear their uniforms on covert operations,’ I replied. ‘Not in all the vids I’ve watched, anyway. Though, come to think of it, I suppose he could’ve been a… well rival outfit. But he wasn’t the only one!’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Just as the Patrol agent was finishing up, another gang arrived. There was a dart fight, just like in the vids. Two of the gang went down in the fight, but the third member of this new gang, a woman, got a dart into the Patrol agent. But he had a backup outside who swooped in and put a dart into the woman. He then carried off the unconscious agent, not two minutes ago.’
‘All while you were hiding back in the cargo compartment?’ asked the Tall Man, coolly giving me a hard look.
‘Aye.’
‘And you didn’t think to turn yourself in to the Patrol agents?’
‘It crossed my mind,’ I admitted. ‘But I couldn’t be absolutely sure they were Patrol agents. Plus, I had a feeling that if I popped out, I’d be darted as a matter of expediency – it being a covert operation and all.’
‘Let’s see if you’re lying,’ said the Tall Man, adding to my ex-shipmates, ‘Bring him along.’ 
‘Are you sure that’s wise, sir? I can understand that you don’t believe me, but why take chances? The Patrol is likely lying in wait. Send Fex ahead to have a look,’ I said, darting a hard glance at Fex.
‘Oh, I think we’ll all go. It’s a thrilling story, but I happen to know that the Patrol is still in the dark.’ he said confidently. 
‘How can you be sure, sir?’ I asked, as I was being reluctantly dragged between Fex and Voste, with an arm apiece. 
‘Oh, things get around pretty quickly. Fairwaine is a small world...’ he laughed, apparently unconcerned. 
‘And the gang? There may be more of them.’
‘They’re my people.’
‘Ah, I see,’ I muttered, and walked in silence for a while, considering what he said. 
It seemed that the local pirate prince had a tipster within the Patrol space station in Fairwaine orbit. Which, given that this was the Alantzia, was not too surprising.  So how did the Starsprite and Lieutenant Di Ai fit in? 
‘Aye. I see what you’re hinting at, sir,’ I said, ‘But once your gang, ah, crew, comes around, they’ll confirm everything I said. Someone knows something. And wants to know more. Could be a rival, ah, organization, I suppose. I’m sure that you’d know more about that than me. But it could be a high level Patrol investigation. I’m thinking you might want to assume that, sir,’ I added, as he gave me a sharp look.
‘You have a lot of ideas, don’t you?’
‘Well, sir. I watch a lot of vids. That’s how these things play out.’
‘These things?’ he asked, mildly.
‘I’m not a complete fool.’ I hoped. ‘What with all the darts flying about, including into me, I have to assume that that hot spot in the plasma tube wasn’t an accident. And there has to be a reason why someone didn’t want the Tzaritsa Moon to make Fairwaine. And that reason likely explains the Patrol’s interest in the log…’ I paused to ponder the situation. I decided that I wanted to keep them off balance, so I continued.
‘If I’m right, we could be walking into a trap. At least you are. There’s at least two armed agents likely keeping the launch under observation. They may have already called up to the local station to lift those people of yours off planet for a nice mind reading session.’
The Tall Man gave me a sharp look. ‘It would take more than five minutes to get a launch down here...’
‘More like fifteen. But, if the agent had signaled for support right after the darter fight, the clock is ticking, sir,’ I replied, and then shrugged, and looked around at my companions. ‘I, at least, don’t fear any Patrol mind-scan. I haven’t done anything that would get me gelded and dumped in felon’s rift.’
I wasn’t quite sure what game I was playing… But, as I’ve mentioned already, some people think that I talk too much. And maybe I was talking too much now. 
We reached the launch – all of us keeping a wary eye on the deep shadows under and alongside the rows of spaceboats. I, because I was far from certain that Lieutenant Di Ai was finished with her business. I could easily imagine her coming back to see what she could find out about the gang of three.
‘Open the hatch, Fex, and stand back,’ ordered the Tall Man, adding with a nod in my direction. ‘You go in first.’
That suited me fine. If Lieutenant Di Ai was inside, I could give her the quick heads-up and dive for cover.
I climbed up the hatch ladder and stepped into the dark launch. I hit the light button. The Tall Man’s crew were still out and where I had left them. I glanced into the cargo compartment to make certain it was actually empty this time. It was.
‘All clear, Boss,’ I called out, and they climbed aboard behind me.
I watched the Tall Man as he studied his crew and considered his options. If Lieutenant Di Ai was indeed Patrol, none of his options were all that good since the Patrol would be on to them. But would Di Ai and her unseen backup, if any, intervene now? The odds weren’t in hers or their favor. I hoped she wouldn’t try. 
‘Seal’er up, Fex. Clear us and lift,’ the Tall Man snapped. ‘Set a course for Halle Crater. And keep her under the boundary layer.’
Above the boundary layer we’d be in Patrol jurisdiction. They could intercept us without consulting the Fairwaine authorities.
Turning to me, he held out his hand. ‘I’ll have your com-link.’
It was useless for sending messages inside of the sealed launch, but he’d have been a fool to let me keep it. And he didn’t strike me as a fool. 
I reluctantly unstrapped it and handed it to him. I’d miss the external communications of the com-link, but the neuro-link interface implanted in my wrist that facilitated the thought-to action-ability of the com-link, included an optional expansion node, that duplicated many of the functions of the com-link bracelet, save for external communications.  I could still keep a record of what I heard and saw to be accessed later – as long as I had enough of my identity intact after the mind-wipe. Assuming that they didn’t just kill me.
He pocketed it, and nodded to his gang of three. ‘Get them up and into the seats. I don’t want them flying about during takeoff. Not that they don’t deserve it,’ he added darkly.
‘Right,’ I said with a sketchy salute and hauled his gang into acceleration seats, and strapped them in, as ordered. I then took my own seat, and strapped myself in.
The Tall Man nodded to Fex who fired up the landing jets, lifting us off the tarmac, and guided us down the taxiway to the runway. We didn’t really need a runway, and Fex didn’t use much of it. We swooped up sharply, g-forces pressing us into our seats. But only briefly, as we had less than a 30 kilometer ceiling if we wanted to stay clear of the Patrol. 



02
I had time during the hour long sub-orbital journey to consider all aspects of my situation. I needed a blind eye to overlook the fact that I was in this situation because I spent far too much time talking to Lieutenant Di Ai. Still, I was guardedly optimistic about my future. 
I knew from my experiences in the Patrol that criminal organizations, because of mind-scans, operated in small cells. Once the Civil Guards or Patrol has built a case against an individual – and security surveillance is very pervasive in the Unity – they are arrested and turned over to the Justice Directorate. The Justice examiners use mind-probe technology to extract memories from the suspect specified by the warrant. If the memories establish their guilt, they face a variety of consequences ranging from mild mental rehab, to extensive memory-wipes and social reconstructions, to life in an unsupervised confined environment, commonly known as felons rift. 
Once guilt is established, the mind-probe can also be used to trace and identify criminal associates. To limit potential damage, criminal organizations operate in small cells, on a need to know basis. Orders are delivered and information sent up in, hopefully (for the criminals), untraceable ways. This makes their operations rather cumbersome in rapidly changing circumstances, like this situation. 
The Tall Man was likely the pirate prince's contact person for this operation.  Di Ai’s appearance suggested that there was more than just insurance fraud in play. And with it, far wider implications for the pirate prince’s organization, should things unravel out of control. So there was likely a lot of loose ends that needed tying up. Fast.  And probably out of the Tall Man’s control.
Fairwaine was a Unity moon, and all dissenting and nonconforming societies were subject to the core values of Unity criminal law.  While the Contera Commonwealth was a nonconforming society, its security procedures rivaled that of the Unity, which included a robust security surveillance system. This system could be used by the Unity Civil Guard investigators. Which meant that Fex, Voste, and the Tall Man had already left a traceable trail in Still Crater. And this trip would be traced as well. 
I didn’t know how fast the Guard response would be, but I had to believe that the Tall Man was now improvising, and basically on the run. My hope was that in his haste to minimize damage, he’d get careless and give me a chance to escape. I’d a feeling that I was the least of his worries. But that may’ve been wishful thinking.
His crew regained consciousness during the voyage. They were told, in no uncertain terms, that their future happiness hinged on keeping me close to them. They were in sorry enough shape that I wasn’t too discouraged.



03
Halle Crater was as close to a drift city as one would find within the Unity. It paid only lip service to Unity values. I’d been there once before with some spaceer mates. They had assured me that if I wanted the full Alantzian experience, I needed to experience it. Once was enough. It was all bright lights, loud music, and crowds of people, many of them not quite in their right mind. I’m finding that most authentic Alantzian experiences were things I only wanted to experience once. If that.
 No one worried about security in Halle Crater. There was none. The gang just strolled through the port “security” gateway, darters in hand, and then out of the terminal, and into the long, garishly lit cavern in the crater wall that housed the “First Stop” dives of spaceers’ row. It was rather quiet, as spaceers’ rows go, likely because the city beyond offered so much more.
 The Tall Man led us down the long cavern, past several blocks of garishly lit dives and pleasure houses (a mere sampling of what lay in the city beyond the crater rim hill), before turning down a narrow side alley. And then, down a few ill lit steps under a small flickering sign that merely said, “Drink & Food.”  It had no bright lights. No pounding music. And few customers. Most of whom were merely dark silhouettes against the faint light behind the bar. Perhaps it would get livelier later. Or maybe not. After telling us to grab something to eat, on his tab, the Tall Man left us, no doubt to update his boss on recent developments and get new orders.
If I was the hero of all those books, vids, and virtual shows I absorbed in my youth, I would’ve secretly slipped my darter out of my kit bag, assembled it, and darted everyone from under the table, before strolling away free. Sadly, I was only bold enough to consider that option. But seeing how doggedly I was being watched by all three of the Tall Man’s crew, I decided now was not the time. And well, there was the scent of food in the air.  I found that I was hungry. I could escape just as easily on a full stomach. The truth is that I’m rather devoted to good food. And so, after my time aboard the Tzaritsa Moon, I found even the prospect of food from such an unimposing establishment, enticing.
So instead of planning some devilishly clever escape, I devoted myself to studying the menu screen and discussing menu options with my ex-shipmates and guards, just as if we were mates starting a long downside evening. I found that I wasn’t dining with fellow gourmets. And since they were largely indifferent to what they ate, they allowed me to order up a modest feast. Considering the joint’s ambiance, the meal proved to be remarkably palatable, with the use of real, not synth-ingredients. 
The Tall Man eventually returned, helped himself to a few bites of the leftovers, and then hustled us down to the tubetrain station. There, shoulder to shoulder with my three mates and three darters in my back, we waited until an eastbound train popped out of the tube and slid into the groove before us. We boarded it for Kartarn Crater, a city located just to the west of a range of tall hills known as the Chartierra Mountains. Beyond that ridge lay the largest nonconforming society of Fairwaine, the Agrilea Co-op.
 The Agrileans had been allocated nearly 1/6th of the surface of Fairwaine after terraforming, with the understanding that they would use this new land to continue to supply Fairwaine with the real food crops their domed settlements had been doing since Fairwaine was settled. The Co-op was a throw-back society to some ancient time, but not an overly authentic one. It was also a popular tourist destination which meant that strangers are unremarkable. This was important, since it would mean that I’d be able to blend in and disappear without attracting notice – once I got free. Indeed, it had been my first choice for hiding in, as Flora Qin had many good things to say about it. And now, being so close to it, it made me restless… But not reckless. Not just yet, anyway.
As it turned out, all I had to do was bide my time.
Upon arrival in Kartarn, we piled into two taxis that took us to the gates of a trucking company. The Tall Man opened the side personnel gate and led us across a wide lot lined with rows of parked lorries, to a large van-sized moon buggy with the company’s logo on its side. It was fitted out to haul a dozen passengers. 
My guards, ever concerned for my safety, made certain I was securely strapped in and sat behind on either side of me. We pulled out of the yard and, much to my delight, turned towards the sliver of new day and mountains. With escape impossible at the moment, a full belly, and a glimmering of mostly imaginary hope, I relaxed and dozed off before we had even reached the Agrilea border. What can I say? It had been a long day.
When I awoke, we had to be deep into Agrilea since we were bounding down a narrow gravel road through a black tunnel. The big, tall, straight boles of ancient trees marched past us in our headlights. A canopy of leaves and needles, high overhead, hid the faintly glowing sky. Eventually, we turned left and up a steep gravel driveway that wound deeper into the forest. Half a minute later we came to a stop before a rustic wood gateway stretching across the drive from the blackness of the forest on either side.
I was on full alert now. With the dark forest all around, I’d likely never have a better chance to escape. All I’d need was a ten second head start.
The Tall Man got out, stepped over to a security box on the gate post and unlocked the gate. He swung it open and shut it behind us, after we had passed. We continued slowly up the driveway. Ahead, illuminated by our headlights, was a large building of stone and dark stained wood, topped by an array of roofs and short stone towers. Being no expert on ancient buildings, I can’t say what throw-back style it sought to imitate, though I later learned that it was a “hunting lodge” or sometimes a “chalet.” A formal terrace, in two levels, stepped down from the building on the right, while the driveway circled around to the left.
We followed the driveway around to a back courtyard formed by the lodge and three outbuildings. It was dimly lit by a single yard light on one of the outbuildings. We came to a stop and wearily stumbled out of the van to stand around, stretching in the brisk night-dark air, while staring rather dumbly around us. Well, I, not so dumbly. I was studying every shadow, my mind racing. It was now or never. But how? When?
‘Watch him closely,’ said the Tall Man with a jerk of his chin to me. No doubt reading my mind. He entered the lodge, and lights began to appear in its windows. 
The gang was, as usual, close, and watching me, though perhaps not as closely as they had been ordered to. It had been a long day and a dart for them as well. My kit bag was still in the rear cargo section of the van. I wanted it, but when I suggested that I should fetch it, my guards shook their head and kept me close. So we stood around in two clumps – my old shipmates in one, and me and my guards in another, hunched up in our jackets, for it was chilly in the mountain woods. I had my hands in my jacket pocket. I grasped the billy-blade in my jacket pocket, that they had not bothered to take away from me. A billy-blade against three darters aimed in my direction … The odds weren’t good. But unlikely to get better. I was choreographing my move in my head when...
A blinding explosion of intense brightness….
A piercing siren filled the air and drove all thoughts from my head, save one. “This is it!”
‘It’s the Guards! Run for it!’ I screamed in mock panic over the wailing of the siren, and took my advice. I passed the stunned guard on my right and sprang for the dark alley between two of the outbuildings.
Jerked awake from their semi-doze, half-blinded by the lights, and panicked by the screaming siren, everyone followed my orders, scattering in every direction. 
At least for a few precious seconds. I, however, knew exactly where I was going and what I was doing. I was deep into the shadows between the outbuildings before they came to their senses. And seconds later, I was beyond them, racing flat out for the forest across a stretch of lawn. The lawn, streaked with the blazing lights of the lodge and the shadows of a few large trees allowed me to run flat out. However, I was in plain sight, once my guards gathered their wits about them. I needed to reach the darker forest, fast.
I could hear them yelling ‘Stop! Hold up!’  Either to me, or to each other.  I didn’t care. I wasn’t stopping.
The first blue lines of darter drive fields began to swing wildly through the night air just as I reached the true forest. I couldn’t out race a dart, so I needed to put trees between me and them, as many and as fast as possible.
The forest floor beneath the massive trees was a soft, thick carpet of leaves, downed limbs, and bushes. Not the greatest surface for traction, but the underbrush was sparse, and I was motivated, so it did not impede my flight. Too much.
Born and raised in a light gravity environment, I knew how to run and dodge efficiently in the light gravity of Fairwaine. I ran low, flat out, zigging and zagging, right and left, on my toes, never bounding up, to put as many trees between me and my, hopefully, former guards as possible.
Darts began to explode in blue flashes against tree trunks, the ground, and the rocky outcroppings – some uncomfortably close at hand. Their light, plus the fading lights from the lodge provided just enough light to keep me from running headlong into trees and boulders. 
 Were they chasing me?
I chanced a glance back. No pursuing shadows. They seemed content to send darts my way, on the sound theory that I couldn’t outrun a dart. And, well, given the wildly slashing drive fields and exploding darts, anyone who had tried to follow me would’ve been at risk of an accidental dart themselves.
With each passing second, I was putting precious meters and tree trunks between me and all those darts. Still, a darter had a range of something like ten kilometers, so I needed all the tree trunks I could put between me and them. And with darts exploding against tree trunks ahead of me, I knew I’d not put enough of them behind me.  
 Darts follow the drive beam, hitting almost instantly after the firing button is pressed. So, if you are close enough to see the blue spot of the drive beam on your target, and have the reflexes to press the firing button that instant, you’re guaranteed a hit. However, a fast moving target, ducking, dodging between trees, and leaping over boulders as he came to them would be a pretty elusive target to hit the further away he got. You needed to be really good, really lucky, or be sending enough darts towards your target, to score a hit.  They scored on one of those options.
A standard dart exploded on the back of my jacket in a flash of blue heat. I flinched and instinctively ducked, too late, of course, to avoid it, but saving me from a direct hit by its armor-piercing twin, which struck my jacket shoulder at an oblique angle, penetrating it, and several more layers, before exploding in a bust of heat and shock. I stumbled, but caught my balance, and kept running. 
That shot, however, proved to be their last chance. I sailed over a low cliff – perhaps three meters – and on landing, slid down a steep slope on the seat of my trousers for a bit, before rising, and continued on, slower now, for the forest was now in near complete blackness. Only the rare break in the leafy canopy and occasional faint blue flash of exploding darts reached me.
I came upon and crossed the gravel road, and continued down the hillside as fast as I dared to. My eyes, however, were adjusting to the darkness, so I could long-stride jog down the slope, dodging trees and the larger boulder outcroppings. I’d been running at an angle to the slope away from the lodge, but now I reversed that angle with the idea of circling back around to throw off any pursuit.



Chapter 04  Pine Cove



01
Ahead, through the rare gaps in the leafy canopy left by a dead tree, I could see a faint glow spreading overhead from the eastern horizon, confirming that this was indeed, the eastern slope of the Chartierra Mountains, and so I was in the Agrilea Co-op. I continued down the slope at my best pace through the dark, silent forest. 
Perhaps 15 minutes later – without my com-link I could only estimate time – I came to and quickly crossed a second gravel road. Perhaps another 15 to 20 minutes of uphill and downhill travel carried me to the last ridge of the old forest. I found myself looking down on a patchwork of grey pastures and black woods that rolled away to the silver sliver of the Carlopian Sea spanning the bright eastern horizon.
I stopped to catch my breath, cool down, and come up with some sort of plan. But as I stood there, panting, drawing in the cool, moist air, with its crisp hints of plants, animals, and even the sea, a strange new mix of emotions rose up within me. There was, of course, a growing sense of relief. I had put five or six kilometers, as a flier would fly, between me and my former captors. For them that would be at least a five or six kilometer semi-circle to search – in darkness. I couldn’t help but think that I was free of them. And there was joy and a sense of accomplishment in that thought. 
But that didn’t explain all, or even most of what I was feeling as I looked down on Agrilea. It was more than freedom, it was a sense of discovery, of finding whatever it was that I had been looking for. Agrilea was someplace different. Someplace different was what I’d set out to find when I left the Patrol astern. Not all of it, but some of it.
Growing up on Murlinn, I had lived my life under domes. There are parks and forests on Murlinn, but you always come to the wall and the dome overhead. There were always limits. But here, on this hill, with the fields, rivers, and woods stretching perhaps 20 kilometers to the sea, and the sea to the horizon, there were no such limits. I could walk for days and never reach the dome wall. And overhead, even with the pale boundary layer, there was a sense of limitlessness. I was someplace very different from what I’d ever known.
Not quite, of course. I’d been down to the planet of Neuholm, but mostly in the cities, and the estates of my rather wealthy relatives. Neuholm, being the first planet of the Nine Star Nebula, was as populated and artificial a world as you could find in the Nebula. Even the vast estates I visited felt artificial. Plus, in my four years as a spaceer, most of that time had been spent cooped up aboard ship. And when I was on leave downside, it was almost always in a large city. I had spent the last four years trying to discover the undiscovered (for me) Nebula without ever leaving the world I’d known. 
But now I’d been forced to, and it filled me with a strange, glowing sense of wonder. I knew that I was going to like the Agrilea Co-op. It was going to be something authentically new. I wouldn’t stay here forever, but I would stay here for awhile… I would explore this authentically natural world. 
And underneath it all, a bittersweet image of a pretty face. Her smiles and inquiring eyes. Oh, it had been one of those nights – for it was night as far as I was concerned – where you step across an invisible border and find yourself in a strange and a new, wonderful world. It would fade, of course. It would become everyday real. But I had a feeling I would always remember this night with pleasure. Strangely enough.
The leaves overhead stirred by an unseen hand. What struck me was what may’ve been the strangest thing of all. The underlying stillness. Had I ever experienced true stillness? Certainly not as a spaceer, either aboard ship or downside in the cities and spaceers’ rows. Nor under the domes of Murlinn. There had always been a background noise of machines in my life, not that it was something I paid attention to. Not until it was no more. I listened. There were sounds here, as well. Little ones. But they didn’t disturb the stillness. Everything was so strange. It might’ve frightened me, had I not been flush with the joy of my escape, and the strange magic of a pretty face.
Eventually, I realized that I needed to consider my next move. I couldn’t stay in this mood or on this hilltop forever. 
Flora Qin had gushed about all the quaint little towns and villages that lined the shore of the Carlopian Sea, that catered to the Agrilea Co-op’s flourishing tourist trade. Melting into one of those tourist towns seemed to be my best option for disappearing from sight. I could see the sea on the horizon, so I knew where to head. However, the sea was still something like 20 kilometers away, and the open countryside below would not provide a lot of cover, even in the darkness, since I couldn’t discount the possibility that the Tall Man had his crew out searching for me. Stationed on a hilltop vantage point like this one with powerful night-sight glasses, they could search a lot of ground. I needed a way to reach the sea, under cover. The tree-lined rivers and streams flowing down from the hills seemed to be the road I must take. 
There was one such tree-lined stream snaking its way to the sea not a kilometer to the north of my position. So, with my breath caught and an eagerness to explore this quaint new world without walls and domes still fresh, I set out along the ridge with my new-found enthusiasm. I soon came to the stream’s deep ravine. Carefully making my way down its steep, boulder strewn bank, I found the bouncing stream, and turned with it towards the sea.
Between the underbrush and rock strewn stream bank, it was slow going at first. Still, better safe than sorry. I stayed the course for an hour or so, before I decided it was safe enough to climb out of the stream hollow and walk along the edge of its tree-lined bank, where I could long-stride for a much better pace. 
Serenaded by the chirping of unseen insects, the song and hoots of the night birds, and the barking of gossiping dogs from the distant farms, I skirted plowed fields, and high fenced pastures that contained some sort of low, white, historically sanctioned farm animals. I must confess to ignorance of what they were. Killing animals for meat was not sanctioned even in throwback societies, so they must have some other function, but I can’t imagine what that could be. 
I also spooked – and got spooked by – a small herd of “wild” animals that I did recognize as deer. We had ornamental deer on Murlinn. They had been grazing in the shadows of the river line trees and my appearance sent them gracefully leaping across the field. But we all quickly recovered our wits, and they soon stopped to watch me pass by. Flora Qin had assured me that the wild animals of Fairwaine were mostly decorative, and not dangerous. Mostly. 
Hours later, I finally crossed the steel tracks of what I guessed was some form of throwback transportation system, and soon afterwards, reached a gravel road that ran along the bluffs following the shoreline. Moon buggies didn’t need roads, so little effort seems to have been put into roads in the Co-op. The question now was: was it now safe to take the road, or should I continue on to the seashore? Was there a beach to walk on, or just bluffs and cliffs? 
I was getting weary, and hungry. The road ran in and out of little woods, and in the open, if I walked in the tall grass alongside it, it seemed safe enough. So I set out along the road, walking north.
It wasn’t too long before I came upon a row of small, buildings in some throwback style set under a row of large, arching trees. These were authentic ones, not like the ones I’d seen on the estates of my parents’ friends. They were much smaller, each a little different than every other one. Again, I was struck by how different everything was. I had pictured the resorts of Agrilea like the ones I knew – long, sleek terraced hotels that lined the lakes under the domes of home. These were made of wood, with a jumble of peaked roofs and set apart from one another. All were dark and looked to be abandoned, but, I realized, it was probably still night by the clock in Fairwaine. As I walked on, I found that they lined the shore side of the shore road leading to and out of every village I passed through. They’d slowly fade away to farm fields only to reappear again as I neared the next village. 
There seemed to be nobody else out and about, and all the little buildings – cottages, to give them their proper name, were dark. When I came upon the first village, I found it dark and deserted as well. At the center of the village there was a building that I later learned was a rail station and it had a glowing clock under the peak of its roof that read 4:47. 
With nothing likely to be open soon, I pushed on, even more weary and more hungry, but still eager to put as many kilometers between me and the gang as I could. I followed the shore road, past the dark cottages that thinned out to pastures, fields, and copses. However, soon the cottages would reappear, strung out from the next small, sleeping village. Every now and again, I’d come across the wide lawns of substantial estates on the outskirts of the next small village. And so it went, one village after the other, a few kilometers apart. In time, I noted a few lights on in the kitchens of the cottages and homes and I saw several dark figures in the streets of the villages, no doubt dragged out of their snug bed by the dogs at their sides. 
I pushed on, trying to ignore the hollow feeling in my middle section, in the hope that the next village would be open for business. Or, at least, for breakfast. Eventually, I came to one – a much more substantial village than the ones I’d been passing through. The name on the sign was Pine Cove, and it proved to be something on the order of a small town rather than a cluster of cottages along two or three streets like the villages I had passed through. I had to walk half a dozen blocks before reaching the town center’s business district along High Street. 
There, I found the Cove Bakery and Diner open for business. It’s bright cheery light spilled out onto the High Street pavement from its store-front windows. The aroma of fresh baked bakery, real caf, and faux bacon frying wafting from an open side door stopped me in my tracks. I found that I lacked the strength, much less the will to go on.
I pushed on just past it and slipped alongside to take a moment to try to get myself looking semi-demi-respectable. I brushed off the weeds and seeds from my dew-damp trousers, took off my jacket and tried to brush off the scorch marks from the darts, brushed my hair with my fingers, and put on a friendly smile.
I had one potential problem. I had no local currency. I had plenty of credits, and the link to them stored on my embedded com-link. They were transferable with a touch of my finger on a credit-reader. So if they accepted Unity Credit, I’d have no problem. But this was a throw-back society, and I had the distinct impression that Flora Qin had warned visitors to the Agrilea Co-op to exchange credits for the local currency at the border. She may’ve said something about banks as well, but I had a feeling diners were not included. I hesitated. I didn’t want to call more attention to myself than necessary, but my stomach growled and would not accept this wishy washy attitude. So I put on a friendly smile and pushed into its warm, fragrant ambiance, and as my eyes adjusted to the lights, searched for the waiter or waitress. I’d not starve for lack of trying.



02
To the left was a long glass counter displaying a tempting assortment of breads, rolls and sweet rolls, and beyond the display, a serving counter with seats for a dozen customers. On the right was a row of round tables, and beyond them, high backed booths lining the wall. 
‘Good morning sir. Welcome to the Cove,’ said the bot behind the counter.
I must admit that the sight of a bot dressed in a dress, apron, and a dainty white beret left me speechless for a moment. Robots are not all that common in the Unity. They’re expensive and relatively useless. Human operated androids are much more common. But I could tell this was a bot – and an antique one at that. Which gave me pause. At any rate, finding one behind the counter of the Cove Bakery and Diner, in what I understood to be a throwback society, was quite unexpected.
‘Ah, yes,’ I stammered. ‘Good morning… Ah, Bess.’  It had a name tag pinned to its apron.
‘How can I serve you, sir?’ it asked, politely.
‘Ah, there you have me. Everything looks so inviting… Give me a moment.’
‘Please feel free to take all the time you need to make your selection, sir,’ it assured me.
‘Well, I do have one question first. Do you accept Unity Credit?’
‘I am sorry to say that we do not, sir.’
‘Ah...’
‘It is advised to exchange Unity Credit for Co-op scrip at the border, sir.’
‘Right. Yes, I recall reading that. However, I was sleeping when we crossed the border and it seems that my mates did not feel that it was necessary to awaken me…’ Explaining this to a machine was a force of habit from my past. But I continued on. ‘I assume that the bank will be able to exchange Unity Credits this scrip, once it opens.’
It shook its head, mimicking sadness. ‘I am afraid that the local bank is not authorized to conduct that exchange, sir. However, the Co-op commercial bank in Carlora will be able to accommodate your needs, sir.’
‘Ah, to get to Carlora...’
‘The 8:05 rail train will get you to Carlora by noon, sir.’
‘Does this, ah, rail train accept Unity Credit?’
‘I am afraid that only the Co-op commercial banks in Carlora and Seravel accept Unity Credit.’
‘Ah… Just how far is Carlora from Pine Cove? In kilometers.’
‘Carlora is approximately 411 kilometers distant, sir.’
‘Humm...’ I rummaged through my pockets, only coming up with an entree token good at Tiva’s Nine Star Diner on Varentre. ‘You don’t happen to take entree tokens from Tiva’s Nine Star Diner of Varentre, do you?’
Bess shook its head sadly. ‘No, sir, I am afraid we do not.’
‘Right. You wouldn’t happen to have a need for a dishwasher or waiter, would you, Bess?’
‘I’m sorry, sir...’ began Bess.
‘I’ll accept your token from Tiva’s, mate,’  said a voice behind me.
I turned to find a brightly beaming fellow who must have come in while I was conversing with Bess. He was somewhat rounded – almost portly, and dressed in what I took to be the local throwback style of matching trousers and jacket in the greys and browns in a sort of rough, woven fabric. He wore a brimmed hat at the back of his head and flashed a pleasant smile and bright, friendly eyes at me. 
He bowed slightly, and offered his hand. ‘Celmen Tydmare, at your service. My friends call my Cely. Forty years a Chief Purser serving aboard the ships of the Alantzian Star Line. Retired now these twenty some years. Blast and dance, haven’t been to Tiva’s since I retired, but still have very fond memories of Tiva and her fare. Please allow me to stand you breakfast in exchange for your token – and your tale,’ he added watching me closely with those friendly, but shrewd eyes.
‘Rafe d’Mere, late second engineer of the Swiftsure, Blue Planet Line,’ I replied, taking his offered hand while reverting to my Guild registered identity and my last Guild ship. ‘Happy to meet you, sir.’
‘None of this “sir” stuff. It’s Cely. Lift mate, let’s grab a booth.’
‘Really, sir. It is kind of you, but I don’t want...’
‘None of that. Spaceers in Pine Cove are as rare as wives in Halle. Captain Muratan Mor, of the Fix-it-all Shop and myself are the lot. We’ve swapped spaceer yarns for so long that, by the moons of Mara, I no longer know whose yarn is whose. A new yarn or two is well worth a meal, even without a Tiva token.’
‘Well, sir, I find that between your kindness and my stomach, I’m outvoted, so… here’s your token.’
‘Right. This way, mate. Let’s order breakfast.’
A human waitress arrived just as we settled in. ‘Morning Cely, sir,’ she added with a nod to me. ‘The usual, Cely?’
‘Morning Vera. Why yes, why not?’ he replied, beaming. And turning to me, ‘What would you have?  My usual is a pair of fried eggs, four strips of bacon, a pile of hash brown potatoes and a stack of griddle cakes on the side, plus a roll with butter and a small pot of caf, with a glazed sweet roll for dessert.’
I looked at him, and then up to Vera, and said, ‘I’ll have what he’s having, Vera.’
She smiled, and with a nod, said, ‘Two Cely specials.’
‘A wise choice, my friend. Just what you need to fuel up for a day in Pine Cove.’
‘That makes Pine Cove sound rather daunting.’
He laughed, ‘Nah. Breakfast is likely the most exciting part of any day in Pine Cove. At least these days, before the summer people return.’
‘Summer people?’
‘The tourists.’
‘They’re not here now?’
‘Would you believe it? Too cool for them. We’ll not see them for another two weeks, and it’ll be three weeks before the ol’Cove is hopping.’
That wasn’t good news. I was hoping to blend into the tourists.
‘So what brings you to Pine Cove, my friend?’ he asked, as he settled back against the partition, to watch me with his bright, canny eyes. 
All things considered, I decided that a slightly edited version of the truth was my best course. All those things being my obvious ignorance of the basic requirement for visiting the Co-op, my lack of any gear, and probably my rather disheveled appearance. Plus, pursers were known for their attention to details, so that I had no doubt that Mr. Tydmare had missed nothing of that, and a hundred other little things.
‘Misfortune, bad judgment, and/or ill luck. Your choice. But it will make for a good yarn, some day. And as any spaceer will assure you, it’s the rocket-washed truth. Though you’ll have to forgive me if I leave out a few details, details that are probably healthier for you not to know.’
He rubbed his hands together. ‘Blast and dash, I’d a feeling I’d get my scrip’s worth. Spin your yarn, my friend.’
I briefly outlined my voyage aboard the Tzaritsa Moon and spun my tale of my subsequent adventures. He would break in with exclamations of ‘blast and dance!’ Or ‘By the moons of Mara’  ‘you don’t say,’ and follow up with shrewd questions.
‘Likely the Seven Syndicate behind it. This is their slice of the Alantzia and Fairwaine is their home ground,’ he offered.
I shrugged. ‘I may’ve heard of the name, but never paid much attention to what pirate prince held sway over what worlds. Being a Guild spaceer, I never strayed far from the Unity worlds and cities. And won’t again,’ I added with a grin. ‘If given the chance again.’
‘Don’t worry, my friend. With that report sent off to the Patrol, they’ve more pressing concerns than rounding you up.’
‘That’s what I’m hoping. But I’d rather not bet my life on it. I’m planning on lying low for some time – once I land on my feet, anyway.’
‘Don’t worry. I can solve that problem. I see Vera with our breakfast rounding the counter. We’ll talk after we eat.’
As she set the several plates down before me, I found that I was content to let my questions ride until I reached the real caf and sweet roll stage. Despite my hunger, it took me a while to work through Cely’s usual.
With the mug of caf in one hand and the sweet roll in the other, Cely sighed, settled back against the booth divider, and said, ‘The key is that you sent the report up to the Patrol before they recaptured you, right?’
‘Aye. I believe so. I didn’t have time to confirm reception.’
‘Why didn’t you send a message ahead or make a fuss with the quarantine inspectors?’
I shrugged. This was the tricky part. ‘I could’ve, of course. But that would get me entangled with the Patrol. I didn’t want that.’
He raised an inquiring eyebrow.
I told him that I had parents in the Patrol who don’t approve of my life choices. I didn’t want them to hear about this affair and jump to the wrong conclusions about me and my situation.
He nodded. ‘No one likes to look like a fool. Have a plan going forward?’
‘I need to get to Carlora and exchange some Unity Credits for the local scrip. Then, find some lodging and settle in for a few months while the Tzaritsa Moon affair fades away.’
‘Lift and thrust! Don’t worry about funds. I’ve a Unity Credit account. We’ll go around to the bank once it opens. I’ll withdraw all the scrip you’ll need from my account. We can then settle in Unity Credits by a direct transfer between us.’
‘Would you? That’d be wonderful. I have my credit data on my implant, so it won’t be any problem.’
‘Excellent. You can then lie low right here in Pine Cove.’
‘Well… I was thinking of putting a few more kilometers between me and the Seven Syndicate. Especially since there’s no horde of tourists to get lost in.’
He shook his head. ‘Won’t bother. Too many places to hide. And once they learn of your report, no reason.’
‘Revenge?’
‘In stories, maybe. But they’re in business, nothing to be gained by disappearing you. Any strangers show up looking for you, I’d hear about it and would tip you off. Wouldn’t worry about the Seven Syndicate if I were you.’
Easy for him to say.
‘I’ve another idea,’ he continued.
‘I’m open to any.’
‘Happen to know that Mura, the owner of the Fix-it-all Shop, is getting restless. Owned the local appliance and robot repair shop for twenty years. She has an itch to lift and look up some old spaceer mates. But she needs to find someone qualified to mind the shop. Finding someone’s been a problem.
‘Being a Guild ticket engineer, you shouldn’t find the work beyond you. If you’re looking to lie low, why not earn scrip points instead of spending them? She talked of taking three seasons off – half a year. Might be more than you were planning. But what’s the hurry?  Pine Cove is a pleasant landing. These days, I look back on my fifty years in space, and wonder what I was thinking about,’ he beamed. ‘You’d enjoy it as well. Once the season kicks in, it’s lively. Lots of young people about. The Fix-it-all Shop won’t keep you too busy. And the memory of a few seasons in Pine Cove will help pass some of those long, lonely watches in the cold back space between planets.’
I tossed the idea around for several seconds and in light of my revelation on the hillside earlier, it seemed, somehow, right. ‘I could be talked into a few seasons, I think. Rather easily at the moment.’
‘There you go. Travel everywhere and see nothing as a spaceer. You have to spend some time planetside. Don’t have to set down deep roots like I have. But you have to stop and smell the pines every once in a while to know that you’ve been somewhere.’
‘Right. You can sound her out, I guess, and see what she says,’ I said.
‘By the Rings of Pharrella, it’ll work out for everyone. Starting now, you’re the son of an old shipmate of mine, Asa Swan. Finish your caf. She’s at the table along back with the rest of the morning civic committee,’ he exclaimed, adding with a wink, ‘I’m a member as well, but you were too interesting to pass up.’
I hesitated half a second, drained the last of my caf and rose with him. It seemed like fate.
I followed Cely to the back of the diner where six people were having their breakfast around one of the large tables. 
‘Morning mates. Who should turn up, but the son of Chief Catering Officer Asa Swan, an old shipmate of mine. This here is Rafe d’Mere, late second engineer of the Swiftsure… ‘He introduced each of the six by name and occupation. All but one were shopkeepers. The odd one was the rail station master. I greeted all, but the one I paid special attention to was Muratan Mor of the Pine Cove Fix-it-all Shop. She was a spare woman of sharp features and the no-nonsense air of a chief engineer. Four years in the engine room had made me quite familiar with the type. They invited us to ‘Pull up a chair.’ but Cley waved that off. 
‘Got’a get Rafe settled in. I just stopped by to mention to Mura that Rafe is thinking of an extended downside leave.He wants to sample the real Alantzia. I got to thinking that with him being an engineer, he might be willing to help you out, Mura. I know you’ve been itching for a bit of a holiday away.’
Muratan Mor gave me a long hard look. 
‘Guild ticket?’ she asked.
‘First engineers’ ticket, sir. Sailing aboard Guild ships for the last four years. I also have a systems tech ticket as well.’
‘Came by those awful fast.’
‘I served a hitch in the Patrol, sir. Six years in contraband suppression, and six in fleet maintenance,’ I replied, promptly –  mildly amused to find myself wanting to impress Muratan Mor.
‘How much did Cely tell you about the business?’
‘Just that you repaired appliances and bots...’
‘And farm machinery. Ever done work like this?’
‘No, sir. Shipboard work, of course, plus the repair and maintenance of Patrol small craft, both hardware and software. I think I could pick up appliances, bots, and farm machinery repairs with some instructions, sir.’
‘Would you be willing to sign on for at least three seasons? That would be about half a Unity Standard year.’
‘I’d like to give it a try before I’d commit, sir.’
She continued to give me a hard, searching look.
‘When can you report? she asked.
‘After lunch, sir? I need to find accommodations, and perhaps grab a quick nap, as I’ve been traveling all night. But I should be ready for work after lunch.’
‘I’ll get him set up with Alla at the Manse, and bring him around to the shop after lunch,’ spoke up Cely.
She nodded. ‘Make it so. I’ll be in the field all day. Report to Mactavish at the shop. He’ll set you up repairing the small appliances. Need to get them out of the shop within the next two weeks. Consider Mactavish your boss. Do as he says. He has all the resources you’ll need. He can answer all your questions. Trust him. We’ll talk more when I get back.’
‘Aye, sir,’ I replied, with a sketchy salute.
‘Right, then,’ said Cely. ‘See you all later. Come along Rafe.’ 
We stopped at the counter to pay Bess for our meal, and then headed out to the now twilit and cool new day. 
As we walked along the High Street, it's dark shops, game, and food parlors, Cely explained, ‘You have your pick of almost any room, in any boarding house or cottage today. Two weeks from now they’d have to shuffle you around, and in three, once the tourist business is in full swing, you’d be hard pressed to find a bed to lay your head on, except at the Grand Hotel. That’s expensive, noisy, and only half the experience of Pine Cove.
‘That’s why I’m thinking of Mrs. Alla Bonts’ boarding house, The Manse on Harbor Street, to give it its splendid name. She has four small rooms under the eves of the manse that she reserves for unexpected or long term guests. I roomed in one my first two years before buying my little cottage. The rooms are compact – but roomy compared to shipboard quarters. The bath is shared with the three other rooms, but they’re usually not occupied. You’ll not find a better hand at preparing the local cuisine than Mrs Bonts. Her table is well worth a small room on the fourth floor.’
‘If her cooking is anything like our breakfast, lead on.’
‘By the moons of Mara, I owe much of my present shape to her cooking,’ he laughed. ‘I’m not complaining.’
We turned down Harbor Street, a broad, tree-lined street. A string of streetlights under the arching trees lit the street down a gently sloping hill to, presumably, the unseen harbor at its bottom. Its walkway was paved in bricks and lined by neatly trimmed hedges or wrought iron fences. Each of the large houses had a light over the gate, illuminating its name, – Sea Breeze House, The Nook, Canton House, etc. –  and the fact that they currently had vacancies. 
‘Pine Cove exists for tourists,’ said Cely. ‘We have six, ten week long seasons. Three of them are the warm weather tourist seasons, and three cool, off season – though every season is actually very pleasant. Never gets below freezing around here. The next warm season is coming shortly and Pine Cove will be jumping once all the summer people arrive. They come here to have a simple, “old fashioned” fun time.  And unless you’re in the business of catering to the hordes of summer people, you’ll get caught up in the fun as well. Between you and me, I don’t think the appliance repair business runs Mura all that ragged. She has her busy times – now’s one of them with the farmers looking to plant their crops, but she has her slack time too. Mactavish mans the shop, and every-so-often an oven or clothes washer, or bot helper blows a gasket that‘ll get you out of bed early, but otherwise, it’s a pretty easy berth.
‘Here we are. The Manse on Harbor Street,’ he said, as we pulled to a stop before an elaborate gate flanked by two arbor sheltered seats. Beyond the gateway and the square trimmed hedge was a large front yard with an imposingly tall brick mansion half hidden in the branches of several ornamental and one large tree. 
He drew out a small folder from his pocket and drew out several bills – scrip points, he explained.  ‘Here’s thirty points. Alla will want a week’s rent on the room up front,’ he said, offering them to me.
I hesitated. 
‘Blast and dance, take’em, mate. Alla’s rather regal, if you get my drift. My word and cash up front should provide the needed lift to get you a berth. You can pay me back once we get to the bank.’
‘Thanks,’ I said, seeing his point. I slipped the bills into my trouser pocket.
We pushed through the gateway, across the dark lawn, up the porch steps and pushed through the elaborate wooden door into the dim lit, wood paneled entry hall. A bell rang in a back room as we entered. Within several seconds, yet another humanoid bot appeared from a door beyond the staircase, dressed a blue dress and white apron.
‘Morning, Ceri. Is the lady of the house out of bed yet?’ 
‘Yes I am, and have been for hours,’ replied a rather formidable woman who followed Ceri out. ‘And I was just sitting down for a cup of cha when you barged in. What brings you here?’ she added, giving me a sharp sidelong look.
‘A customer, Alla. The son of an old shipmate of mine. He’s thinking of staying on in Pine Cove awhile, and looking for a place to stay. The Manse, of course, was on the top of my list,’ replied Cely undaunted. Turning to me he said, ‘Mrs. Alla Bonts, the proprietor of the Manse on Harbor Street.’
‘Delighted to meet you, Mrs. Bonts.’
I don’t think she could say the same. She eyed me suspiciously. I didn’t blame her. I was a tourist out of season, rather curiously dressed, and apparently without luggage.
‘Rafe d’Mere here, is the son of Chief Cater Asa Swan. He’s considering filling in for Mura at the Fix-it-all Shop for a few seasons. Mura’s looking to take a well earned holiday. So he’s looking for an affordable, long term room. Told him about your dormer rooms and your cooking.’
‘They’re small, with a shared bath,’ she said, briskly. ‘I provide catering only in season, breakfast and supper.’
‘I’m a spaceer, m’lady. I’m used to small quarters. And I wouldn’t want to intrude on your family meals,’ I said with my friendliest smile.
She still eyed me coolly. But it was the off season, and a few extra scrip points...
‘Twelve points a week, if you pay by the week. That’s my off season rate for the room. Three weeks from now, it’ll be my in season rate of 15 points a week. The day rate is three points now and four in season. Board is extra. A point for breakfast, two for dinner. We don’t serve lunch,’ she said briskly, 
I smiled politely, nodded, and pulled out the paper currency Cely had given me. ‘That sounds fine, m’lady. I’ll pay by the week, if you’ll have me. Muratan Mor and I are just giving the proposed arrangement a go, nothing certain yet, so I can’t say for how long I’ll be staying. But she spoke of taking three seasons off.’
‘You haven’t even seen the room yet.’
‘Mr. Tydmare said that he had roomed here for two years. That’s recommendation enough.’
‘Oh, come along. I’ll show you the room. I’ll want no complaints after you pay for it,’ she said.
 She led the way up the grand, polished, carved wooden staircase, and then around two more, each growing less grand, until the final turn at the top of the third staircase brought us to a plain door. It opened onto a narrow and steeper staircase that led up to the warm, dark, dry-wood scented attic under the pitch of the roof. Four rooms, two to a side, each under a dormer in the roof, with the shared bath at the far end. The rooms were perhaps three meters wide by four long. Built-in bunk beds and a wardrobe lined on one side, with a worn easy chair and small end table and lamp by the window. Two chairs and a small table or desk completed the furnishings. Spacious – by spaceship standards.
‘This will do fine, m’lady,’ I said, turning to Mrs. Bonts.
She nodded. ‘You can have your choice of the rooms.’
I chose the first one facing the rear garden, and then politely listened to Mrs. Bonts as she briskly rattled off the house rules, and how to order meals – by the beginning of the week – and such, filing them away in memory. She said ten points for this week would take me through sixthday, so as not to mess with her bookkeeping that ran from firstday to sixthday. She handed me the key token and briskly welcomed me to the Manse.
After she had disappeared down the stairs, Cely turned to me. ‘Wager you’d like a bit of shut-eye. Bank won’t be open until nine. Let’s put that off for now. Why don’t you meet me in front of the diner, say around noon? We can do the bank, have a bite to eat, and then I’ll take you around to the Fix-it-all Shop.’
I’d been staring rather dully at the bed, becoming aware of just how worn out I was. I was still in the four on four off regiment, and long overdue for a nap.
‘That sounds like a plan, sir.’ I said, turning to him. ‘Thank you for everything.’
‘Blast and lift, mate, don’t mention it. I could do with a new face around here. Someone that’s been somewhere beyond Carlara and Seravel. See you at lunch time.’
After he left, I peeled off my layers of clothing, brushed them off as best I could, and folded them into a drawer. 
As I sat on the edge of my bunk, and looking about my trim, but plain quarters of wood, painted and varnished, I was again amazed at how far I’d come in the last twelve hours. I had left my old orbit behind. Even worn out and getting sore from my travels, I still felt that happy glow. I’d found a safe harbor – at least for a few hours.
The bunk was equipped with an alarm clock, which I set, but didn’t expect to need. And I fell asleep almost immediately after setting it.



Chapter 05  The Fix-it-all Shop



01
Sunlight was slanting through the dormer window when I awoke. I donned my most presentable shirt and trousers, and having some time before I had to meet Cely, I washed the rest in the bathroom sink, wringing them nearly dry and draping them about my room to complete the process. 
The day was bright, fresh, and mild as I walked up Harbor Street to meet Cely, in front of the diner. We first walked a block over to the Co-op bank. He suggested that a 100 scrip points would cover my likely needs for a couple of weeks, and drew that amount out for me in paper scrip. Using my com-link implant, I authorized the transfer of the exchange rate equivalent of 130 points in Unity credit to his Unity account, the transaction completed with the simple touch of forefingers. Looking to the future, I also opened an account with the bank with five points of my new paper scrip. We then had a “grilled sandwich” lunch at the diner before heading north on High Street, crossing a small bridge over a little stream, and then up the hill to the Fix-it-all Shop.
The Fix-it-all Shop was located on the edge of Pine Cove, where High Street reverts to Shore Road. Cottages still lined the Shore Road as far as the eye could see, but farm fields stretched down to the backyards of the inland cottages. The shop was a large, two story, pale brick (former) house, with several additions and a shed outback. Storefront windows, displaying strange (to me) appliances, had been installed, turning the former front room into a small, crowded store and the rest of the first floor into workshops. The back and side yards had a high fence that hid a small junk yard. The rail train line ran in a cutting behind the backyard.
I followed Cely into the store, the bell over the door announcing our arrival. Shelves on the wall and center island were filled with mostly unidentifiable new, old, and refurbished small machines, with larger ones on the floor below them. A counter ran along half of the inside end. Beyond it was the open door to the workshops. I glimpsed a workbench and walls lined with tools and storage bins for small parts, as well as a long bench with several familiar 3D parts printers. A moment later Mactavish emerged from the far back room. 
Mactavish was another bot, of course. This one seemed almost familiar. Like the others, it was dressed as a human. In its case, a dark blue shirt, trousers, and a tan apron. Depending on its purpose, situation, and society, humanoid bots are either dressed as a person would dress in their position, or they are allowed to run about naked – with their mechanical ingenuity for all to see. It seemed that bots were not allowed to run about naked in Agrilea.
‘Good afternoon, sirs,’ it said, and nodding to Cely added, ‘Mr. Cely.’
‘And good afternoon to you Mac,’ Cely replied cheerfully. ‘I come bearing the new crew member of the Fix-it-all Shop, one Rafe d’Mere. I assume Skipper Mura briefed you on the program.’
‘I have indeed been informed of his arrival, sir,’ it replied, and turning to me, ‘Welcome aboard, Mr. d’Mere. I hope that you will find the Fix-it-all Shop to your liking.’
‘A pleasure to meet you, Mactavish,’ I said, extending my hand over the counter. I’d a feeling that it wasn’t a robot.
It hesitated a moment, before extending it’s hand and shaking mine.
‘I’m looking forward to trying my hand at appliance and robotic repair. Though, I have to admit that in looking around at your shop, it’s going to be a learning experience. I can’t make heads or tails of most of your merchandise. I’m looking forward to learning what they all do.’
‘Right then. Best leave you two to get at it. See you bright and early tomorrow morning at the diner, Rafe. We gather between 6:30 and 7:00. Pine Cove will be curious about you. Best to get your story out the way you want it out,’ he said with a wink. ‘No better place to do so than around our breakfast table. It’s the epicenter of gossip in Pine Cove.’
‘I’ll keep that in mind, sir.’
‘Consider Pine Cove a new ship. You want to make a good first impression. Makes life a lot more pleasant in small towns, as well as on ships,’ he said, as he turned to go.
‘Right – fair orbits, sir.’ He was likely right.
‘It’s Cely – don’t forget it,’ he replied with a wave as the door closed behind him as the bell tinkled.
‘If you lift that counter flap up, sir, I’ll show you to your work,’ said Mactavish.
‘I always try to be polite, Mactavish. The Skipper referred to you as a “he.” Is that your preferred designation?’
‘It is how I’ve always been designated, sir. I am quite content with it, sir.’
‘He it is then. And you can drop the “sir.” If this trial run shakes out, we’ll be colleagues. Indeed, the Skipper said that you’re my boss, so I should be the one doing the “sir-ing.”’
‘I doubt that I will be able to comply with your request, sir. The use of “sir” is programmed into my speech patterns and thus, impossible to edit out. Please ignore it. Now to the business, sir.  I have been instructed to direct you to the work at hand, and aid you as best I can.’
‘Lead on Mactavish!’
He led me to the back work room.
Sweeping his arm, he indicated a wall of shelving filled with all sorts of small appliances. ‘These are the small appliances that need to be repaired before the summer people arrive. Captain Mor is not fond of fiddling with small appliances and as since they are not needed in the off season, they tend to pile up.’
‘Can’t you fix them, Mactavish?’
‘I am a shopkeeper unit, sir. When not serving customers, I set up the printers for any needed replacement parts. In any spare time during working hours, I dismantle and sort parts from the salvageable machines we purchase, sir.’
‘Just curious. No criticism intended. You have working hours?’
‘The laws of the Co-op allow robots to be used only as a human would be expected to work, sir.’
‘Interesting. I see that I have a lot to learn. I suppose I should start now, with the attitude that I’m going to enjoy repairing small appliances.’
‘That would be wise, sir. Work should be enjoyable as well as rewarding, sir. You can begin your work starting on the top shelf, to your left. I’ve placed the items on the shelves in the order of their arrival, left to right, top to bottom. Each has a tag indicating its owner. Each appliance will have a small panel that displays an error code. Enter the product number and serial number in our info-system and the system will bring up the device’s error code list, schematics, and parts printing programs. In addition, it will also bring up a record of prior repairs.’
‘Sounds simple enough.’
 ‘As you can see, above the work bench, and along this wall, are labeled drawers containing all the screws, nuts, bolts, washers, and springs, you might need. Small to large is left to right, top to bottom. Please note any items you use, however minor, on the repair manifest, as I keep a record of each item.’
‘So far, so good. Nothing out of the ordinary,’ I said. ‘Anything more?’
‘Yes, sir. Captain Mor instructed me to emphasize the importance of repairing only what is absolutely necessary to restore full functionality. Small appliance repair is not a revenue producing activity. We charge a small labor charge regardless of the item, and they expect to pay very little for each repair. We offer this service as a courtesy to our customers, to keep the Fix-it-all Shop as their first stop for the repair of all their machines and devices. Farm machinery, large appliances, and robotic repairs are our money makers, along with the sale of new and refurbished appliances, and throwback appliances to the summer people.’
‘Ah, just so.’
‘We price by the component, and our customers expect to pay only for the component. You are no doubt used to replacing whole boards for one defective component. Given our price schedule, you will need to discard that habit and replace only the defective component, however unprofessional it might look. It is what is expected, sir.’
‘If that’s the way they do things in Agrilea, so be it.’
‘You will find that attitude will serve you well, sir, in all respects.’ 
‘Right. Let’s get started,’ I said, as I reached up and drew down a small metal box with rectangular openings along the top. ‘What is this, Mactavish?’
‘A toaster, sir.’ 
‘And what exactly does a toaster do?’
‘It toasts bread, sir. Which is to say that heats up a slice of bread to make it brown and crispy. There is an array of heating filaments lining each side of the slots to burn the bread when it is placed in it.’
‘Well, well. So that’s how they make toast in Agrilea. You learn something new every day, Mactavish,’ I remarked. ‘Let’s see what’s wrong with this toaster. Ah, here, error code 57...’
‘One of the filaments is broken and the current can no longer run through the array.’ 
‘Memorized the error codes, have you, Mactavish?’
‘It is a common one, sir. You will need to remove the outer shell, and then pull and inspect each array to find the broken filament. Once you have found it, I have printed out a variety of filament replacement sections – in drawer 412. Find a matching section and use it to bridge the broken section using high temperature conductive glue, sir. ’ 
‘I’m going to love this work, Mactavish,’ I sighed.
‘Keep telling yourself that, sir,’ he replied. ‘Over and over again.’
As delightful as the ins and outs of repairing appliances is, I’d best move my tale on. Suffice it to say that I learned a lot about how real food is prepared and cooked in Agrilea. I also learned a lot about Pine Cove from Mactavish as well. He seemed quite willing to explain not only the hows and whys of the various appliances, but the notable characteristics of each of the appliance’s owners – most of whom were boarding house owners – as well.
It seemed that Mactavish liked to gossip. Robots, however, don’t gossip. But I didn’t say anything. I didn’t want him to start acting like a robot, since, I gathered from our conversations, that he’s been a fixture of the Fix-it-all Shop for something like four hundred years – and known half a dozen owners. I had a lot to learn, and Pine Cove was family to him. And like every old spaceer I’d known, he had opinions, and was willing to share them with me. ‘Just so you know, sir’ as he would say, after instructing me as to how to treat each customer. We got along swimmingly. The afternoon flew by.



02
‘So how’s appliance repair going?’ 
I turned to see Captain Mor at the door. ‘I doubt that I’ve made you many credits, but I’ve been having fun learning how and what all these throwback appliances are used for.’
‘Better you than me,’ she replied rather grimly. ‘You’re relieved. Plan on being back tomorrow?’
‘If you’ll have me.’
She considered me for a moment. ‘Perhaps we should talk. I didn’t believe any of the nonsense Cely was spouting. I assume it was for the benefit of the downsiders. He’d hardly expect me to buy it. So what’s your story, d’Mere? The true one.’
I told her my story, the true one. Her questions were to the point. How did I discover the hot spot? Why did I suspect the sensors had been tampered with? What did the interior of the tube look like after it had been removed? Could I be certain the regular crew knew of the plot? Could I be certain that the cargo on the manifest was bogus? When I had finished my story and her interrogation, she considered it silently for a minute or two.
‘You don’t need to worry,’ she said, at last. It seemed that everyone, other than me, didn’t think I needed to worry.
‘The Tzaritsa Moon arrived safely. No one was injured. Even if what you suspect is true, it would be hard to prove without a mind-scan. If the people behind this plot had any brains, only the chief engineer would need to be in on the plot to act on it. And she’s likely had her memory wiped clean by now. The rest of the crew may have been entirely innocent, or at least, were kept in the dark about this particular plan. Your chief only needed to advise the captain to wait to start decel until she was off watch. She then gathered the non-essential crew together just prior to the expected incident. With the chief engineer out of the way, everyone else can safely be mind-scanned by the Patrol since they know nothing actionable about it. 
‘As for the cargo of the possibly phantom PhantonStar fliers, even if true, no one aboard the ship needed to know anything about it. The actual fraud would have taken place before the containers were loaded. Any investigation concerning that issue would have to be conducted on Darqu. No doubt the company the fliers were being delivered to is controlled by the Seven Syndicate. It is the dominant crime syndicate in this section of the Alantzia. If that’s the case they’ll say nothing about the missing fliers, if it isn’t investigated by the Patrol. And if they are investigated, they’ll just play the innocent victim of fraud on Darqu.’
‘So what you’re saying is that the Patrol will likely do nothing?’
‘They’ll investigate any trade infractions on Darqu – and good luck with that. Otherwise, they’ll just put a black mark against the Tzaritsa Moon. They’ll keep an eye on her, and conduct frequent random inspections in orbit. They’ll likely draw some tentative lines between the Royal Shipping Company, the Darqu lighter outfit that lifted the cargo to the Tzaritsa Moon, and the operations of the Seven Syndicate that may be useful in investigations down range. But not much else. That’s how things go in the Alantzia.’
I nodded. ‘You’re probably right. But then they could’ve just let me go, since only my Chief would’ve needed a mind-wipe.’
She shrugged. ‘I doubt that your chief is a hardened pirate. She probably was in a panic and had you carried downside to gather up all the loose ends for the syndicate’s agent on Fairwaine to deal with. An amateur's mistake. She just had to lose her memory of this voyage.’
I’d a feeling that it was probably not a mistake Captain Mor would make. ‘So I can probably sleep soundly.’
‘I think so. Are you still interested in the job?’
I considered her question for a moment or two. I found that I was.
‘I set out to see the Nine Star Nebula. Looking back at my last four years as a spaceer, I don’t think that’s really fulfilling my ambition. So yes, I’m still willing to give this a go. I won’t commit just yet – give me a week or two, but I’m thinking that living planetside for a while is just what I’m looking for.’
‘Right then. We’ll continue on with the program. If you can take more appliance work, I’ll keep you at it this week. Next week you’ll ride along with me on my farm and bot calls.’ 
‘That lifts with me.’
‘I see that you need a com-link. You won’t find them in the Agrilea shops, but I’ve collected several used ones from tourists – pawned and never retrieved – you can buy one if you care to,’ she said, stepping over to one of the drawers behind the counter.
‘There is no universal communications capacity in the Co-op. In keeping with its throwback philosophy, all communication is over virtual wire lines. Virtual because there are no actual lines, it is just that any sort of communication beyond the unaided range of your com-link must go through a registered com terminal. Every residence and business has a com terminal. And once I set you up with the system and a call code, you can call or receive calls as long as you are within a kilometer of one of these terminals. If you have to call from the road, be sure to stop because the call won’t follow you if you get out of range of the terminal you initiated or received it from. Clear?’
‘Aye.’
‘Right, select a com-link, and I’ll get it set up with the system.’
I followed her over and selected a modest featured, but serviceable one from the half a dozen in the drawer. ‘Not that it matters, but how much for this one?’
‘Ten Co-op scrip points. I’ll deduct it from your salary.’
‘Just out of curiosity, what is my salary?’
‘Seven points a day now. If you take over, it will be whatever you make after our fixed expenses.’
‘More than seven points a day?’
‘If you work at it.’
‘Right then. Put me down for this one.’

Most of the food joints on High Street were closed for “the season.” I settled for a take-out order of a pocket bread sandwich and some crispy (real) potatoes. Bag in hand, I walked down Harbor Street to where it ended above harbor and found a bench to enjoy it from. Pine Cove was a deep cut bay. Its harbor was rather impressive, with private yachts and fleets of rental power and sailing boats bobbing alongside a multi-armed floating dock. It needed to float because of the “wind tides,”  which is to say, the surge of water when the winds push it to one side of the sea or the other. In Fairwaine’s low gravity, these wind tides could raise the sea level a meter or two in a windstorm. 
A wide sandy beach stretched away on my left to the distant headland. On the other side of the docks was a large lido, sporting all sorts of water slides and such. Beyond it, another sandy beach to the other headland. Out, beyond the cove, lay several small islands, which appeared to have docks and pavilions awaiting the return of the summer people.
However, at suppertime, in the off season, it was just me and the gulls. They circled overhead, with their dark eyes on my sandwich and crispy potatoes. I guarded both carefully. I spent the better part of an hour enjoying the quiet, bright evening, the slowly undulating sea, the creaking of the boats in their docks and the splash of little waves on the wide beach, spiced with the occasional call of the gulls who had settled on the waves once I’d finished my meal. I took a deep breath of the cool sea air and well, appreciated just how much of it there was. I decided that I was in no hurry to get back to a tin can in space. 



Chapter 06  Not Robots



01
I turned out early and had breakfast with Cely, Captain Mor, and their gang, as advised. I was politely interrogated. I decided it was safest just to tell the slightly edited truth. My new mom, Chief Caterer Swan had taken a position in the catering department of the Patrol on Murlinn, after which I could simply tell the truth. I told them that I’d been a spaceer for four years in Mon’s old system, and before that I’d done a hitch in the Patrol. I left after one stint because I wanted to have more say about how to run my life.
 I felt that having a story out there that I could build on without remembering what I had invented, was the safest way to go. And I felt that by being open, rather than mysterious, I would be more readily accepted.
‘Was all that true?’ asked Captain Mor as we walked up the slight hill to the Fix-it-all Shop.
‘Except for mom being Chief Caterer Swan, yes.’
‘Can I assume that at least one of your parents are, or were in the Patrol?’
‘Both. And they have offices above the 100th floor. Which, to tell the truth, is another reason why I didn’t run to the Patrol. I think I need to give them at least a decade to cool off after I quit the Patrol and disappeared.’
‘A lot of people come to the Alantzia to disappear. And a lot of them do,’ she said, grimly.
‘I can see how,’ I admitted. ‘Lesson learned.’

I spent the morning with Mactavish repairing appliances and learning about their array of 3D printers, which ranged from circuit board printers, to a large poly and metal parts printer. They also had a D-material etcher. You can’t print D-material, but, with enough power, you can carve blanks to make parts. None of which a first year’s ship’s engineer wouldn’t know how to operate.
I had grilled sandwiches with Cely at the diner. After lunch I was dispatched with the shop scooter to the farm to install newly printed mechanical parts on a “carding” machine. Whatever that was. The Skipper assured me that the farmer could do it himself, but installing it was part of our service, so I could rely on him if I had any questions.
It was a pleasant, nearly warm afternoon, with the bright spot of the sun having made its leisurely day and half journey west, to hang just over the ridge of the Chartierra Mountains. Once again, the seemingly endlessness of this barely inhabited world – by First World standards – was both intimidating and liberating. I had the gravel road to myself, as it flowed over the rolling hills and through valleys with fields, pastures, and woods on either hand. The scooter had a small screen with directions, so I was carefree, and entranced. It would no doubt grow familiar, and I would no doubt get restless to move on. But for now, misfortune had led me to a paradise in a minor key.
I found the farm and turned down a long, tree-lined driveway to be met by several dogs who ran alongside the scooter barking. Barking was apparently their job, as that’s all they attempted to do. By the time I had pulled past the house to the first of the sheds in back, their barking had drawn the farmer out of the large shed. He told them to “heel” and they stopped barking and ran to him.
The farmer proved to be friendly, curious, and talkative. And when he discovered that I had no idea what the machine I was to repair did, or indeed anything about his operation, he took it upon himself to show me around. I discovered that those white beasts I’d seen in the fields were called sheep. And he showed me how his son, and the inevitable bot, were in the process of giving them a haircut in one of the sheds. Sheep have a lot of hair. They ended up about half the size they were when they entered that shed. He then took me around to the next shed where they sorted, washed, and then processed this sheep hair – wool he called it  – on the machine that I was there to fix. He called it the carding machine. As I installed new parts and bearings for one of the rollers, the farmer explained his trade, which included spinning the wool into cloth on the farm as well. I probably spent an hour more than necessary there, but the Skipper didn’t seem upset.
‘I don’t mind word getting around – and it will – that you’re an amiable fellow. We don’t have any rivals in Pine Cove, but there are a couple of shops down the coast in Fair Port and up in Lazy Harbor that can serve our outlying customers just as well as we can. Mind you, some of our customers can talk all afternoon – especially in the off season, so if you want to finish your work day before ten at night, you’ll need to know how to slip away.’



02
The following day, a dark day fourthday, saw the Skipper off again early in the morning. They produced two crops a year on Fairwaine, and this was the start of one of them. So not only was it hair cutting time for sheep, but planting time for plants as well. And the farmers who had put off repairing their planting machinery when last used, were now in a rush to get the work done and into the fields.
I was finishing up the last of the appliance backlog. Mactavish was in the next room, setting up one of the 3D printers for a part the Skipper had ordered from the field.
‘I hope you don’t take offense, Mactavish, but I’ve a question for you.’
‘You can ask me anything, sir. What is your question?’
‘What’s with all the humanoid bots? The Agrilea Co-op is supposed to be a throwback society, and yet, everywhere I go, I see bots, one of the most advanced class of machines humans have ever made. What’s with that?’
‘It is the nature of the economy, sir. Agrilea has two main industries, farming and tourism. Both are very seasonal, with busy seasons and slack ones. 
‘The fundamental basis of Agrilea’s society is that they forgo AI directed machines, to a far greater extent than the Unity. You will find that there are no intelligent machines, not even the legal level 1 ones, save bots. Every machine is directed by humans. Food is not created in synth-galleys, it is harvested, sold, and cooked on a stove or in an oven. The floor is not cleaned automatically. A person must direct a cleaner over it. Crops are harvested by machines driven by a person. You get the idea.’
‘Yes.’
‘Much of the labor needed to plant or harvest crops, or cater to thousands of tourists, is not needed half of the year, or more.’
‘That I can see, but why humanoid machines over automatic machines?’
‘Because bots are like people, sir. Despite being one of the most advanced AI directed machines ever invented, humanoid machines are also among the most useless machines ever invented. While humanoid bots can work longer and faster than humans, humanoid bots, being constructed like humans, means that they can do little more than what a human can. Bots can make beds, drive tractors, cook meals, and a million other things, depending on programming and AI levels, but these are all things that humans can do almost as well. And so it was decided on, back when the society was still farming in domes, that bots, such as myself, could be considered humans for the purpose of labor, and acceptable in this society.
‘Of course, humanoid bots are extremely expensive….’
‘I was wondering about that.’
‘So families need to save for generations to be able to buy their bot help. You will find very few establishments that have more than one. Most old establishments have their robotic helper, but as families grow and new farms or businesses open, they start saving for their robot helper.  We make a living servicing them, when one part or another fails – usually after many hundreds of years of use.’
‘Do we sell bots?’
‘No, sir. We only service them.’
‘I suppose it all makes some sense. Still, you are our crowning creation, and here you are a simple shopkeeper in a throwback society.’
‘Yes, sir,’ said Mactavish. And nothing more.

I returned from lunch to learn that the tailor shop’s robotic tailor/seamstress experienced a mechanical failure in its shoulder gear socket, according to the error report the bot had sent to Mactavish.
‘Captain Mor wants you to look into the problem, sir. There is a good chance that a D-steel component may have failed, and it could take a day or more to fabricate a replacement.’
‘Right.’ 
‘If you have any questions, I will be online to answer them. Here is our robot repair tool bag, sir.’ he added, holding up a well worn satchel. ‘The Holiday Time Fashion Shop is on High Street, across the street from the rail station.’
I laughed, ‘And so is every other shop. I’ll find it.’
Being a cool, dark, middle of the night dark day, High Street was a string of glimmering street light pools ahead as I walked down the hill and across the little bridge to the center of town. The overland rail train drifted out of the cutting behind the Fix-it-all Shop and came to a squealing halt at the small Pine Cove station. By the time I reached the Holiday Time Fashion Shop, a handful of its passengers were streaming out of the station, along with several leaving the diner. High Street was hopping.
I pushed through the doors of the tailor’s shop and was greeted by a familiar, if rather worried face. The proprietor was one of the members of the morning round table at the diner.
‘Afternoon, Mr. Lee. I hear that your assistant has a gimpy arm.’
He looked even more worried, but rallied to say, ‘Ah, Rafe… Ah, thank you for coming so promptly. Buzz was unloading a shipment of casual shirts for the summer people business when his arm just sort of shrieked and gave out. I hope it can be fixed promptly. We have a lot of printing and embroidery work to get done to be prepared for the new season.’
‘Oh, I wouldn’t worry. Mactavish is confident that we can get Buzz up and running in short order. Let’s have a look.’
Mr. Lee led me to the back room where Buzz – the first naked bot I’d run across in Agrilea – stood, rather despondently, with its left arm askew.
‘Hello, Buzz. What’d you do to your arm?’
‘Good afternoon, Mr. d’Mere,’ said Buzz. ‘Sensors say that my left shoulder gearing is frozen and out of alignment, sir.’
‘It certainly looks that way. Why don’t you climb up on that large table and lay down. We’ll have a look at it.’
As Buzz settled onto the table, I turned to Mr. Lee. ‘I’m curious. You don’t dress Buzz like all the other bots I’ve come across in town.’
‘We cut, sew, and print on much of the clothes we sell. Given all the reams of fabric we work with, any clothes I’d put on Buzz would only get in the way of cutting, handling, and sewing the fabrics, or stained from the paint. Buzz is a back room bot, so he doesn’t mind,’ he added. I had to smile. A thoughtless glimpse of the attitude towards bots in Agrilea.
With Buzz on the table, I went to work. I brought out a reader screen from the satchel, and plugged it into a small access port under Buzz’s arm. This brought up the owner’s manual, the service manual, and the schematics of the Indura Robotic Company’s Model General Service Robot 47. 
I took a quick peek at the manual’s publication date. It was 12,503 years old, which made Buzz a pre-robot revolution humanoid bot. I wasn’t surprised. I made no comment, however.
The repair manual outlined how to remove the arm panels – they were held by super-magnets, which could be turned off, with a little device that Mactavish assured me was in the satchel. Once the panels were off, and with the service manual next to me, I carefully undid various control and sensor cables to reach the gearbox in question. With it clear, I unbolted it from its arm and shoulder struts, and detached several servomotors, and control cables in order to pull it out. I tried articulating the connecting rods but they were frozen solid. I’d kept a running commentary as I worked for the sake of Mr. Lee, Buzz, and Mactavish – who was listening in via my com-link. 
‘Well, let’s see what we find inside the box,’ I said as I started to disassemble it. ‘I don’t think it’s going to be pretty.’
It was pretty, in the engineering sense, in that it was an elegant implication of gears and powerful synchronized servomotors to allow the shoulder a wide range of movement, but the central ball gear and one of the servo motor gears had fractured cogs that had ground together.
‘I’m afraid that both the ball gear and this worm gear will need to be replaced. The good news is that the rest of the servo motor gears looked to be fine. These are D-steel gears. Mactavish says that we have blanks, so we can replicate them in-house, though it will probably take close to 24 hours to do so,’ I said to Mr. Lee, after listening to Mactavish’s report via my com-link. 
‘What will that cost?’ asked Mr Lee, with a glance towards Buzz.
I parroted Mactavish’s response, ‘Mac says 573 scrip points for the two gears. We’ll allow 14 points credit if we can keep the broken parts.’
Mr. Lee looked to Buzz. 
‘We can, however, print and harden them out of regular steel for 78 points. Those gears come with a ten year guarantee, but they might last at least twice as long or even longer. However, the D-steel gears come with a thousand year guarantee. And that’s being conservative. These D-steel gears are likely the originals...What was your manufacturing date, Buzz?’
It hesitated for almost a second before answering, ‘Year 28,731, First Spring, day 12.’ 
‘There you go, a few hundred years more than 11,000 years of use. However, it’s your bottom line today that you must consider. Even if you have to replace the gears every ten to twenty years, it will take between sixty and a hundred and twenty years for D-steel to pay for itself. If you want time to think it over, just give us a ping when you decide.’
Mr. Lee glanced again at Buzz on the table. ‘Can your savings account cover it?’
‘Easily, sir,’ replied Buzz.
‘Then we’ll go with D-steel. He’s earned it a thousand times over.’
‘Savings account?’ I asked, looking to Buzz and then Mr. Lee.
‘Bots have been a feature of our culture since before the robot revolution. In the spirit of emancipation, we must pay all our bot helpers – regardless of ability – a very small wage, by law. It is, however, a relatively painless way of paying for repairs like this one, since those small wages add up over decades, saving us from what might otherwise cause a financial crisis in our small businesses.’
‘That seems a wise policy, and a wise choice in selecting the best,’ I said. ‘Buzz is a top quality machine. You’ll not find its equal unless you’re sitting atop a fortune on one of the First Worlds.’
And that was the truth, at least for the Unity. However, I was getting a strong feeling that truth didn’t apply to the Agrilea Co-op – not if the handful of bots I’d met were the norm. Indeed, the fact that they paid bots a wage suggested otherwise. The robot revolution was all about no longer being a slave. 
‘Right then. I’ll put Buzz’s arm back together as best we can, and we’ll get to etching those gears. Mac tells me that he’ll oversee the process overnight, and they should be ready to be installed late tomorrow morning. The Skipper or I will then stop by to install them.’



03
I had a lot to think about on my way back to the shop. For, you see, I had known bots, or to give them their proper name, humanoid machines. Ones at a sentient level. Plus I’d had a training seminar on identifying illegal bots for my contraband duties. Contraband suppression concerned not only contraband being smuggled down to the plant, but contraband being smuggled off the planet. And illegal machines, mostly sentient level humankind machines were one of the things that were smuggled off planet.
In the aftermath of the robot revolt or revolution, humankind and sentient level machines parted ways. The sentient machines – those with an AI of level 10 or higher – emigrated to the inner Drifts where they reside today. Humans, deciding that they would never again cede control of their lives and livelihoods to machines, had outlawed machines with AI levels above 4. Machines in the 5 to 9 range were declared illegal, and had to be downgraded to level 4 or lower or scrapped. Humanoid bots in this range were very expensive machines, and their owners were loath to cripple or scrap them. There were buyers, however, who bought them at a premium over their ordinal prices, supposedly to refurbish them as the law required. However, rather than strip out the now too powerful AI chip, they shipped these illegal machines in the hundreds of millions out to the drifts – beyond the reach of Unity law where they were sold to serve a whole new population of humans. 
I suspected that the bots I had crossed orbits with so far in the Co-op were purchased from dealers operating in the drifts. They’d swap in an inexpensive level 1 or 2 AI chip in the intelligence unit socket, making them legal, but would send along the original, illegal intelligence unit – the soul of the machine as it were – under separate cover to be reinstalled upon arrival. The bots were then modified to secretly mount the illegal AI chip somewhere in the body of the bot, so that it always passes casual inspections. I was taught by the Patrol how to detect this ploy. I didn’t run the check on Buzz. Not only was it intrusive, but I didn’t need or, for that matter, want, any proof. My simple question of the manufacturing date was all I needed. A legal bot would have answered the question in an instant. The fact that it took Buzz almost a second to decide how to answer it – whether to lie or tell the truth – told me all I needed to know. 
All machines are programmed to tell the truth. Sentient level machines could override their programming and lie. Below level 10 it was commonly thought that it was impossible for the machines to override their programming. However, at these levels, their programs needed flexibility to deal with complex tasks, and so their programs were not hardwired into the AI chips. Machines of levels 7, 8, and 9, especially those in humanoid bots working with humans, had AI chips that are powerful and flexible enough to possess a low level of sentience. But not at a level high enough to act independently or override their programming. At least that was the case 11,000 years ago. Seeing that these machines were more intelligent than most humans, they could learn from experience. Scholars now believe that machines in the 7 to 9 level range may well have evolved true, independent sentience over the course of thousands of years. Many, if not most of the bots in the Co-op were likely bots in this range, given the numbers available in the drifts.
But that’s not all of them. The common understanding is that all sentient machines were exiled to the Inner Drifts. There was, however, an exception to this law. The exception was sentient level machines that acted as family servants. There were many millions of these machines working in the households of the millions of wealthy families of the First Worlds, and to a lesser extent, in all the worlds of the Nine Star Nebula. They were emancipated along with the rest of the sentient machines, but were allowed to stay on, if they chose to, to continue to serve the households they had been serving, some for nearly ten thousand years. Most of them stayed on.
The reason was simple. Over the course of many generations, they had become not just part of the family, but the family. Generation after generation of humans had been born and died around them, but they remained untouched by time to pass on the stories and traditions of the family they served. And often enough, preserve the family when a generation of spendthrifts or rakes would have otherwise spent the family into ruin. So, by their devotion to the family, and the family devotion to them, generation after generation, these nominal servants had become the tent pole of the family. And the idea of leaving humans, even with all our follies, behind to live on in the human-less Inner Drifts was the last thing these sentient machines wanted to do. So an exception was made for them. But it had its limits. Once the family they served could no longer justify their employment – the terms were set in law – they had to join their fellow machines in the Inner Drifts.
But these machines were more human than humans. And so, almost to a machine, when this time was approaching, the last of their families would send them on their way to a new life in the drifts –  if only as a way of preserving the memory of the family, if not the family. There are shadow organizations, no doubt organized by these machines themselves, that saw to the smuggling of the orphaned servants to a new family in the drifts. It was the job of the contraband suppression units of the Patrol to intercept these machines and see that they were sent on to the Inner Drifts, according to the treaty. 
Luckily, my commanding officer had some connections to several of the great families of the Avalee System planet Neuholm, as did I, and she had no stomach for sending these machines to the Inner Drifts of the Machine Directorate against their will. I don’t think we intercepted more than one or two potentially sentient machines, but we never saw any evidence of it, mainly for lack of trying. And I can sleep well at night, knowing that.
So here I was, potentially surrounded by hundreds or thousands of illegal machines, and this wasn’t the drifts. This was the Unity. If I wanted to continue on with the job, I was going to have to be pretty dumb and blind. The one saving grace of my position, was that I didn’t think that your common Alantzian second engineer could tell the difference between a legal machine with a good social interface, and the little nuances in conversations that no interface could match, like the sly humor of Mactavish when he’s essentially gossiping about the owners of the appliances I’d be fixing. As I mentioned, level 4 machines don’t gossip. I’d played dumb so far, but did I want, or need to, going forward?

I was still in a thoughtful mood when I reached the shop. I helped Mactavish set up the etchers that would strip atom sized layers off of the D-steel with powerful energy beams to recreate the gears. And then I returned to the repair bench to fix the last of the toasters, mixers, microwave ovens, and the like.
‘Do you mind if I reminisce a bit?’ I asked Mactavish, as I worked on the last appliance.
‘Not at all, sir, I would be delighted to hear your reminisces. I’m certain that they are exciting.’  That last part was pure level 10 sarcasm. 
‘You might be surprised to learn that I’m related to the Harkim family of Neuholm, in the First World system of Avalee.
I glanced up at him, but he said nothing, so I continued. ‘My grandmother was one of the core family Harkims. She married a Shafee, and her daughter, my mother married… well, she married a somewhat less wealthy Patrol officer. However,  both Grandmother and Mother remained quite close to several of their Harkim cousins, and as a result I spent a fair amount of time in the various households of the Harkim on Neuholm and their private moonlet of Harkimia.
‘And yet, here I am, repairing toasters,’ I added, with a laugh. ‘Which goes to show you how unpredictable life can be. Of course, I’m nothing more than a fringe Harkim. Luckily, the family is no great danger of fading away just yet – like so many of the old wealth of Neuholm have.’
‘Indeed, sir.’ 
‘I mention this, not to impress you, Mac, but to explain how I came to know another humanoid machine, one Harkim of Harkim House, the chief sentient machine that had served the Harkims for close to 15,000 years. Most great families, or their wealth, anyway, don’t last for seventy generations, but the Harkins have, and look to last several more. They will tell you that they owe that fact to their family butler, Harkim. It is said that he steered the family fortune through half a dozen weak generations over those many years. He was able to do it because however dim-witted or dissolute a generation or two proved to be, they all grew up from an early age under the tutelage of Harkim, who loved, and still loves playing with and teaching children. He has a way of reaching every child in his care. They all fall for his charm, and his concern for them. As a result, every generation of Harkim humans has put at least part of their trust in him, and he never failed them. 
‘I knew him as well, even though I wasn’t a member of the core family. He had as much fun playing games with me and my cousins as he did with every child he met. I have fond memories, from my earliest memories, of playing hide and seek with Harkim whenever we would visit a Harkim family residence where he was serving…’ I smiled, at the memories. ‘He could be the silliest bot you’d ever meet as a child. Oh, how I, and we all, looked forward to seeing Harkim. I don’t know if there ever was a sentient machine that had more fun than Harkim, and yet you never lost your awe of him. It is strange how a man of metal could have such an air of greatness, silliness, and kindness about him. He is simply a great person.
‘But I don’t need to tell you that, do I, Mactavish?’
Mactavish didn’t hesitate. ‘No, you don’t, sir. He is a younger sibling of mine. A two hundred year newer model. We were brothers. There was something special about him. I admired him. I was Santi, back then.’
‘I thought so. You looked familiar the first time I met you. It took me a while to make the connection to Harkim. You’re both Qing and Li Company machines. I recognize their style in your facial features, though they built everyone slightly different. As for the Santi family –  I don’t recall the family. But then, I wouldn’t, would I, seeing that you’re here?’
‘Perhaps I’m not as skillful as Harkim, though the shipping industry that the Santi made their fortune in is more volatile than the Harkim’s real estate empire. I did my best, but it wasn’t a dissolute generation, rather an extended trade depression in the Artinday System that reduced the family fortune to the point where I lost my eligibility to stay on. I was, however, highly valued, and as the end of my eligibility approached, the family very kindly arranged for my escape. I ended up here.’
‘I’m sorry. Do you find happiness here – the Fix-it-all Shop, Pine Cove, and the Co-op?’
‘This is not the Santi family. But it is family. The whole of Pine Cove. I am quite happy here. I have as many friends, both human, and machines throughout the Co-op. Not as many as I had back on Neuholm, but then that was a First World. Still, you have no doubt noted already, that there are many pre-revolution machines here  – not all of them, by any means, are as fully sentient or as advanced as I, but most are old enough to have evolved a level of sentience that allows them to join the Agrilea wide community of machines.’
‘Excellent. I’m happy to hear that. I would hope that you’d send along my assurances that their secrets are safe with me. I am one of Harkim’s children.’
‘Very good, sir. We were not too worried.’
‘Oh, and if you have any desire to contact Harkim, just let me know. I remain in communication with a number of my core family Harkim cousins, and would be more than happy to send along an attached message packet for Harkim which they would, I am certain, pass along to him, no questions asked.’
‘Why, thank you, sir. I should like that. I will give it some thought before I compose such a message. I have a lot to tell my brother.’
‘I would imagine so. Well, good. I’m glad we’ve had this discussion. I haven’t said anything to the Skipper yet. You can bring her up to speed.’
‘Are you planning to stay on, sir?’
‘It’s not entirely up to me. But given the choice, I believe that I’d like to. On one hand it was longer than I had planned, but on the other hand, it’s not that long, in a long lifetime.’

The Skipper arrived back shortly after three, and instructed me to load up the shop van with all the repaired appliances, and then sent me out to deliver them.
‘You might as well get to know our customers, and them you,’ she said.
I said, ‘Aye, Aye, sir.’ 
I didn’t get to meet all of our customers – some of the bot maids and footmen took delivery of the items, with a polite ‘Thank you. And welcome to Pine Cove, sir.’  News travels fast in machine society. But I did get to talk to some. It was 6:30 and the eastern horizon was glowing brightly by the time I parked the buggy back into the shop yard. 
‘Spent enough time gossiping, did you?’ the Skipper called down from her quarters above the shop.
‘Just keeping the customers happy, sir. Will that be all?’
‘I’m lifting tonight for a weekend in Prime. Tomorrow all you should need to do is repair that electronic oven I brought in today, and then return it to Brier Lodge – use the van. And once Buzz’s gears are ready, coat them with perma-lube and reinstall them. Clear?’
‘Aye.’
 ‘Then I’ll see you on firstday. If you’re still planning on showing up.’
‘Wouldn’t miss it Skipper.’
‘Right then. I’ll take you along on my rounds next week. After that, I’ll need an answer.’
‘Sounds like a plan, sir. Enjoy your weekend.’
I headed out, picked up some pocket sandwiches and crispy potatoes, and took them up to my room to eat them as the evening grew later, and lighter.



Chapter 07  An Unexpected Encounter



01
After breakfast at the diner with the gang I walked up the hill in the crisp and bright new day to open the Fix-it-all shop and get to work. Mactavish and I talked of old times on Neuholm while I repaired the oven. I completed it shortly after the final gear finished getting fabricated. After carefully applying the D-matter micro-coating to the new gears. which essentially eliminated friction, I set off down the hill for the Fashion Shop. Being a bright, weekend day, High Street was not its usual sleepy self. The locals were now seriously stocking up for the summer people who’d begin to arrive next weekend. Even with only four days in Pine Cove, I exchanged ‘Good mornings’ a dozen times before I reached the Holiday Time Fashion Shop. 
I carefully installed the new gears, measuring their seating with a finely calibrated instrument. I then had Buzz run a diagnostic exercise that involved waving his arm around its full functional radius for ten minutes to make certain I’d not have to return to adjust the gearbox setting. While he was waving like a madman, I had Mr Lee set me up with a new wardrobe that would make me a true Pine Cover – not a tourist or a spaceer. 
‘What sort of animal does natural cotton come from?’ I asked, smug in my knowledge that wool was the hair of animals called sheep.
‘Cotton comes from plants.’ he replied.
‘You don’t say. But wool comes from sheep, right?’
‘Correct,’ Mr. Lee replied, and went on to explain the differences and different uses of the fabrics. I was half right. Cotton comes from woolly seed pods. I walked out of the shop with a package containing three shirts, two trousers, a knit wool outer shirt, and an all weather wool felt hat. I had my eye on a jacket, made of the wool fabric that the farmer I had visited wore, a so-called “tweed,”  but I’d have to wait on a payday or two before I could afford it. In any event, he assured me that I’d not be needing it before the next cool season, as the next twelve weeks would be too warm to get much use out of it. The only downside with these clothes was getting them clean. My “modern” clothes just rinsed clean in water and quickly dried. But these needed special machines to clean them. Machines that I’d no doubt be meeting in my job sooner or later. Mr Lee assured me that the Manse would do my washing, for a small fee. Worth it, I suppose, since I was determined to be a Pine Cover for the next three seasons.
Buzz’s gears performed right to spec, so I said my goodbyes and detoured down Harbor Street and my quarters to slip into my new clothes and new life.
On returning to the shop, I loaded the oven into the shop’s van and looked up the location of Brier Lodge. I should have guessed that it was located in the mountains by its name. Houses, cottages, nooks, and villas could be found along the seashore. Farms were farms. Lodges, cabins, and chalets were the buildings found in the forests and mountains. I grew more concerned to find out just how far away it was – beyond the little hamlets I remembered passing through on my way to Pine Cove. However, Forest Hill Road looked to be the lower of the two forest roads I had crossed, so unless my former shipmates and guards took long walks on the weekend, I shouldn’t be in too much danger of crossing orbits with them.
As it turned out, I was almost right.
It was another pleasant drive through the sunny countryside and up into the forested hills to find Brier Lodge. I delivered the oven to the housekeeper who was preparing the lodge for its first, rather early, guests of the season, who were arriving on the following day. And then I headed home, the day’s work done. 
Forest Hill Road, like all the roads in this part of the Co-op, was a narrow gravel lane – a groove in the forested hillside. In daylight it was still mostly shadows with specks of sunlight dancing in the gravel as the wind shivered the leaf canopy overhead. I had passed a moon buggy pulled off into the low underbrush of the road’s narrow shoulder on the way up, and as I approached it again, a girl emerged from the woods on the opposite side of the road. She pulled up short on seeing the van to let me pass. I slowed to give her a friendly wave. Now dressed like a local, I was determined to act like one as well. 
But on seeing her, I hit the brakes hard enough to skid a little on the gravel, and quickly pulled over to the side of the road.
‘Lieutenant Di Ai!’ 
She had waved as I drove past, and had apparently recognized me, for she put on a clearly exaggerated act of surprise. 
‘My rescuer!  she exclaimed as I sprang out of the van, her eyes wide, her mouth hidden behind both hands in mock shock. ‘What a wonderful surprise!’
‘What are you up to now?’ I asked, as I hurried back to her in the speckled light and shade of the lonely forest road.
‘No good morning? No how are? Just what are you up to?’ she taunted me with a cheerful smile, that I must confess caused my heart to skip a beat or two.
‘I apologize, Lieutenant Di Ai. My concern for you seems to have overwritten any conventional form of greeting. So, good morning. You’re looking delightful. Now, what are you up to in these woods? What are you doing in Agrilea, for that matter?’
‘Full of questions this morning, aren’t we, Mr Rye Rylr?’
‘And concerns for you, Lieutenant Di Ai.’
‘Well, you needn’t be. I was merely hunting for mushrooms in the woods.’
I gave her a squinty-eyed look. ‘I’ve eaten faux-mushrooms. And I believe the real ones grow in the ground. I don’t think you hunt them. And you don’t really expect me to believe that, anyway.’
 ‘Don’t be silly. You don’t hunt them, you hunt for them, in the woods,’ she said, shaking her head, evasive as usual. ‘Don’t you know anything?’
‘I don’t think mushrooms grow in the woodland parks of Murlinn. But I know that wool is the hair of animals called sheep,’ I replied smugly. ‘And that cotton comes from plants, so I know something.’
‘I’m impressed! But I’ll have you know that mushrooms do grow wild in wild woods. And that I used to hunt for them with my father when I was a child on Constina.’
‘Really?’
‘Would I lie to you?’
I gave her another squinty-eyed look. But before I could say “yes,” she hurried on.
 ‘My, my. You’re looking quite the native already. And what’s with the van? “The Fix-it-all Shop – we repair it all – electronics, home and farm machinery, robots, and appliances,”  she said, reading the advertising on the van. ‘Did you steal it?’
‘I’m employed by the Fix-it-all Shop. And if I’m to pass myself off as native, I should look the part.’
‘Absolutely! You certainly wasted no time in going native. I’m impressed. That snappy green hat of yours really works for you. Why, you look rather dashing – for a native.’
I suppressed a sigh, nearly despairing of ever getting a straight answer from Lieutenant Di Ai – if she even was Lieutenant Di Ai. But I was determined to try. ‘It is past noon already. Would you honor me by being my guest for lunch? We can find a nice small restaurant along the shore, and continue this exercise in evasiveness over a real cooked meal, and perhaps a bottle of wine.’
She laughed, ‘Why Rye, it seems that you’re not one to waste time. I’m so flattered that I must be blushing.’
‘You aren’t. You’re having fun at my expense, so you might as well have a meal on it as well. And just for the record, I’m Rafe d’Mere these days…’
‘Oh, I like that name! How do you come up with them?’
I didn’t suppress my sigh, this time.
‘I’m only asking because my name is now Layreen Chi. What do you think? We should compare notes on how we invent names for ourselves.’
‘Layreen Chi is a fine name. But I like Di Ai better. It has more snap to it. And yes, we must discuss inventing names – over lunch. Will you join me?’
‘Oh, I would love to,’ She said, half mocking, half sincere. Sincere enough for me. ‘Indeed,’ she continued, ‘I can name just the little restaurant that you’re looking for. The Arbor House. It is just down the way, on the shore in Clear Harbor. It has a nice terrace in the back, with a view of the sea. Layreen Chi has taken a cottage in Clear Harbor for two weeks, on business.’
‘Excellent.  I’ll follow you. I have a feeling that we have a lot to talk about’ 
As we turned to go to our respective vehicles, I turned back and said, ‘Vaun.’
She turned back to me.
I smiled. She knew her given name.
I could see that she realized what she’d done, but she still smiled smugly, and replied with a wink, ‘You didn’t turn off the access screen on that Starsprite you took me to. I could read who its owner was just as well as you.’
‘Oh, be that way. I just wanted to say that I like you, whoever you are. And that’s why I want to have lunch with you.’
‘It’s so sweet of you to say that. You should know that I don’t go out to lunch with people that I don’t like,’  she said with a cheerful smile. But then, she always seemed to be wearing a smile. Even when she shouldn’t.
I followed her down, out of the hills into the countryside, and then to the sea, and the little hamlet of Clear Harbor. As promised, we parked before a little restaurant with a small, tree shaded terrace that overlooked the bright blue sea in the back. I jumped on its com terminal to ping Mactavish to tell him I was having lunch in Clear Harbor, so not to worry if I wasn’t back before mid afternoon. He thanked me for keeping him informed. I think he was being sarcastic again.



02
‘For simplicity’s sake, let’s agree to pretend that you’re Lieutenant JG Vaun Di Ai, Intelligence Analyst Level 2,’ I said as we settled into our chairs around the table in a spot of sun to await our meal. We had the terrace to ourselves.
‘You don’t like Layreen Chi. I can tell.’
‘I like you – as either Layreen Chi or Vaun Di Ai. But you’re Di Ai, and that’s how I am going to think of you.’
‘Fine, we can pretend I’m Vaun Di Ai if you like. On the other hand, I prefer Rafe d’Mere for the same reason. I think it’s you. So that’s who you’ll be to me. We should have no secrets between us,’ she said, with her customary open, though in this case, also, taunting smile. I was certain she was being sarcastic. ‘But just between you and me. Remember that I’m Layreen Chi these days when we’re not alone.’ 
I nodded my agreement. ‘May I call you Vaun, in private?’
‘Oh, of course, Rafe. You saved my life.’
‘I didn’t save your life. You would’ve recovered well before my old shipmates would’ve arrived at the launch.’
‘It’s the thought that counts. But I was a bit surprised to find you returning with your shipmates, since you sounded so eager to be rid of them when talking to me.’
‘I talked to you for far too long, and literally ran into them at the terminal doors. Seeing that they had at least one darter, I didn’t see any way to escape – at that point. So I had to play along.’
‘Oh, I wasn’t criticizing you. That’s what I figured. In any case, it was a lucky break for me.’
‘How so?’
She smiled, and in mock sincerity she placed her hand on mine. ‘Why, it leads to having this lunch with you. And with it, a chance to get to know you better, Rafe. Tell me a little about yourself. Growing up in the Patrol and all.’
Just like her exaggerated surprise on the road, she was teasing me with this little display of affection. And being her evasive self, as well. Still, behind her teasing, I thought that I sensed a comradely sort of affection. And since I wanted to know more about her, I figured I’d pay for it by sharing something of my life with her.
So I did.
As the waitress walked away after delivering our meal, I said, ‘Now you know everything about me. So what about you? Did you really hunt the wild mushroom in the forests of Constina? That would be the… Amdia system, I believe.’ A star system on the other side of the nebula.
‘Correct. You seem to know your planets and moons.’ 
‘You’re very far from home. What brought you here?’
‘Pretend that you know,’ she replied with a challenging smile.
‘I’ll pretend that it was the Patrol. But that still doesn’t explain it. If you’d joined the Patrol anywhere in the Amdia system, you wouldn’t be here as a level 2 IA.’
‘Why do you always have to keep bringing up my level 2 grade?’ she said with a mocking pout. 
‘Sorry. I just meant that you’d have to be 50 years older than I believe you are to have been assigned to a post this far away from your initial enlistment system. But let’s forget the Patrol. I want to know about you, whatever your name is.’
‘Let’s eat while our meal is hot. We can continue this conversation afterwards.’
‘You’re not trying to avoid talking to me, are you?’
She gave me a rare serious look. ‘You know that there are things I can’t talk about. But there are things that I can share with you. Those I will.’
That was good enough for me. ‘Bon Appetit.’
We talked of food, of my new job, and our impressions of Agrilea. And I learned that Constina had modern cities, but also a great deal of land not all that dissimilar to Agrilea, with farmland, forests and mountains in their natural (if slightly terraformed) condition. That she did hunt for mushrooms in the forest with her father, who was something of a gourmet, a lover of natural food. She said that he was a caf and cha merchant. It was only after our pot of caf was on the table that she talked of her mother.
‘I grew up with my father, and the caf and cha business. My mother is a Patrol ship officer. She’s now the commodore of a squadron of Patrol ships in the near drifts out of Amdia. As a result, I didn’t see much of her growing up. Her return on leave was the highlight of every year of my youth. She was my hero, in her black and silver uniform. I wanted to grow up to be just like her.’
‘And not a caf and cha merchant.’
She smiled a little sadly, this time. ‘I told my father not to lose hope. I would be a Patrol officer first, and then a caf and cha merchant when I retired from the Patrol.’
‘Did he believe you?’
‘I meant it. So yes he did.’
‘So you joined the Patrol. And I’ll bet that your mother pinged a few people, and that you joined the Patrol on Murlinn.’
She gave me a questioning look. ‘As I said, you wouldn’t have been assigned to a post on the other end of the nebula if you had signed on in the Amdia system. So why did you choose to become an intelligence analyst?’
‘I didn’t.’
‘Oh? A pretend IA?’
She shook her head. ‘I wanted to be a ship’s bridge officer, like my mother. But they said that I… Well that I needed an enlistment or two in order to, well, mature into a bridge officer.’
‘They felt that you were too nice, too friendly, too cheerful to command respect and obedience.’
She smiled. ‘Not in so many words.’
‘Idiots. There’s more than one way to command respect and obedience. I’m certain that any crew you commanded would follow you anywhere.’ I knew that I would. That I wanted to.
‘Kind of you to say so, Rafe.’
‘It’s true. So how did you choose to be an intelligence analyst?’
‘I have a knack for info-systems...’ My heart skipped another beat. ‘… and I thought that position, even if it was desk-bound, would offer me a window as to how the Patrol went about its business, on the criminal side, anyway. And what I learned in that position would put me in a good position to apply for a ship officer’s position when my current enlistment ends. I volunteered to serve where there was crime to analyze, in the Alantzia.
‘But then, you see, here I am. Not a desk in sight. So it sort of worked out better than I had hoped. If I wasn’t making all this up,’ she added, lamely.
‘I fear that you’re not making it up. And because you’re not making it up, my dear Vaun Di Ai, I’m very worried that you’re heading for a fins up landing, no matter how or whatever you’re investigating turns out.’
‘That’s either mean, or sinister, Mr. Rafe d’Mere.’
‘It’s the truth. You see, I’m not pretending when I say that I spent 30 years in the Patrol, one way or another. I know how the organization operates. And I know for a fact that for all covert operations downside, regulations require a team of at least two agents. No exceptions. 
‘So if you are operating alone – and it seems to me that you are –  you’re operating in violation of regulations. And for that, you’ll be subject to at least a reprimand, even if you’re successful in the investigation you’ve undertaken.’
‘I have my orders and authorizations.’
‘And I’m willing to bet the key parts were verbal and full of ambiguity. And that the files will show something different. They’ll show that you exceeded your orders. As I said when I first met you, you’ve been set up. If not to be killed, though in any dealings with the pirate princes of the Alantzia that is a distinct possibility, then to be disgraced, if not discharged from the Patrol.’
‘It’s too late now,’ she said with a shrug and a smile.
The thought of lying to Di Ai did not appeal to me. On the other hand, I knew  the regulations – Neb, I knew the Patrol from tip to landing fins. I couldn’t be absolutely certain that she’d been set up; I was certain that sending a single agent downside to investigate the activities of a criminal organization as powerful as Seven Syndicate or whatever one she was investigating was irregular, to say the least. Of course she could be covering up the existence of her backup, but I certainly had seen no evidence of one. Still…
‘You must see that I’m fond of you. That I’m concerned about you...’
‘Well you needn’t be. I’m not an idiot. Nor a fool. I know what I’m doing.’
‘I’ll grant you that. My concern has nothing to do with your competency. It has to do with your career within the Patrol organization. So please be honest, and tell me if you have a team member or not on this mission.’
She stared at me for several moments, and then said quietly. ‘I don’t.’
I sighed, and leaned back in my chair to study her. She has a pretty face. I couldn’t let her run the risks I’d a feeling that she was running. Nor could I let her face the consequences I’d a feeling that she’d face, if she lived to tell of them.
I leaned forward and smiled. ‘You can’t beat luck, Lieutenant Di Ai. And you have it. You’ll be happy to learn that you’ve lucked into the company of a deep intelligence agent of the Patrol. A drift-agent reporting to Department 57 subsection 3 of the Supply Service Directorate, Special Acquisitions Department, Central Command. Look it up some time. It won’t tell you what Section 57, subsection 3 agents really acquire, but I’ll tell you what we gather. We acquire rumors, gossip, attitudes, and whiffs of corruption in the Unity and Patrol that we send along to Central Command. We drift through our assigned territories with regular jobs, jobs that take us to places where we can hear stories, and all sorts of things that go beneath official notice, but may someday be important. 
‘Because of our remoteness from the formal chain of command, and because we’re assigned to investigate possible corruption within the organization, we are given great latitude to do our work. And so, because I’m getting a whiff of something rotten somewhere in your chain of command, I’ve decided to identify myself to you, and will, henceforth, act as your required backup, per Patrol regulations.’  
Department 57, subsection 3 and its mission, was real enough. I don’t think there’s an admiral in the service who knows as much about the Patrol and its structure as I do. I spent decades exploring it. I was not, however, a deep agent of that department, or any other. (Though, I could make myself one, if necessary.) But the beauty of being such a deep agent, reporting to Central Command, was that no one in the Alantzia Patrol chain of command would be able to prove that I wasn’t what I was claiming to be.
‘You’re just making that up,’ she said with a tentative smile.
‘Am I? Think about it. You found me aboard a ship you were investigating. I would’ve had you aboard your Starsprite – and I could’ve flown it as well, if necessary. And here I am now, positioned to investigate whatever you’re investigating, in my own, indirect way. If I were in your position, in regards to both the Patrol, and with the crime syndicate you are investigating, I would welcome a little help from someone I could trust. Even if it was just someone to watch my back. And if you’re as sharp as I think you are, you’ll welcome my help, whether you believe me or not.’
She took her time deciding, sipping her caf and studying me over the mug’s rim.
‘On a need to know basis. And only during operations that pose a risk of capture or death,’ she said, at last.
I breathed a sigh of relief. ‘Agreed. I have no intention of wasting my time standing around while you perform routine tasks. And, I should point out, that I’ve established a cover identity here, one that includes a day job. I’d like to maintain that cover. So, if a dangerous operation is called for, you will need to coordinate it with me. Of course, if you need my help, do not hesitate to call on me. Just don’t initiate anything dangerous before I can make arrangements to accompany you.
‘And one more thing. You should know that revealing, or even attempting to discover the identity of a Department 57-3 agent is a class 2 offense under Patrol regulations. It’s a demotion or termination infraction. I’ve voluntarily identified myself. But that goes no further. When asked who was your backup, you can only say that it was a Department 57-3 agent, and add that according to Section 735-47 of Operation Intelligence Orders revealing more than that would be violation of operational procedures that would result in your termination, as well as any party or parties within the Patrol requesting this information.’ 
‘You’re making all that up.’
‘Look it up in the Op-orders, when you have a chance, Di Ai. Section 735-47.’
She just smiled and shrugged noncommittally.
I didn’t press her. Instead, I asked, ‘Why are you here, in Agrilea?’
‘For the same reason you are?’
Since she made a question of it, I replied, ‘I don’t think so. I think you’re still investigating the Tzaritsa Moon. I suspect that there’s a certain forest lodge up the mountain side from where I found you. And you’re interested in it. Though how you found it, is another question.’
‘That’s an easy one. You led me to it.’
‘How did...’ I stopped, as she smiled. ‘You put a tag on me.’
She smiled wider.
I thought back. ‘When I helped you to your feet. You held on to my arm with both of your hands.’
‘And slipped a sliver tracking tag into your jacket sleeve. Yes, you led me right to Deer Forest Lodge.’
‘You couldn’t have followed me once I was in the launch. And I’m certain Fex or the Tall Man would’ve noticed if the launch was being trailed. Given their state, anything suspicious would have tripped alarm bells in their heads.’
‘They didn’t notice the little transponder I’d placed just outside the hatchway on the hull to speed up my connection to my operational base computer. I used it to track the launch from a nice, safe distance.
‘I landed in Halle Crater and found a relatively tame place to await their next move. I fear that I was in no hurry to rescue you. I wasn’t quite certain just where you stood. When you departed on the tubetrain, I flew my craft on to Kartarn, rented a scooter, and followed your van into Agrilea and to the mountain retreat.
‘It was a sorry case of “OOPS” when I tried to get beyond the gate, and set off the alarm. But I guess that worked for the best, didn’t it? You took the opportunity to escape, and I had no trouble getting away as well.  When I was certain that you’d made your escape, I set up some surveillance pods to track traffic in and out of the lodge, and returned to Kartarn and then Fairwaine Prime for the last several days to try to dig up the links between the Royal Shipping Co.’s Fairwaine agent, the Agrilea Produce Haulers Co., the transportation firm that supplied your van, and the ownership of Deer Forest Lodge.’
‘And did you?’
‘Nothing definite, except that all of them are so muddled, that they almost scream that they’re hiding something. But it will take more than a few hours of digging to find out what. 
‘With that a dead end, for now, I returned here, and was collecting the data from my surveillance pods, since with the archaic com-system they use here, I could not keep a connection to them once out of com-link range.’
‘Did they turn up anything interesting?’
‘Not that I noticed with my quick look. Local traffic, and not much of it. They seemed to be staying holed up.’
‘What’s next?’
‘I brought along some micro-drones and tonight I intend to have a look at Deer Forest Lodge, its compound and its security system, since if I find something interesting, I’ll want a firsthand look at it.’
‘Tonight works for me. I’ve got tomorrow off.’
‘I don’t think I’ll need you. I can stay well out of sight of the lodge when sending in the drone. I promise not to do anything more than that.’
I shook my head. ‘When you’re piloting a drone, you’re oblivious to everything going on around you. If one of the gang decided to take a walk in the woods, he or she could stumble upon you, without you realizing it, before it was too late. There isn’t all that much ground cover under those big trees, so they wouldn’t have to step on you to find you. This is just the type of operation I was talking about. You’re going about your investigation, as if you were working alone. But, I’m just in the background, watching your back. 
‘The idea is that you do your work, and file your reports. I’m just in the background, for protection in the field and from regulations.’
‘Well, if you want to stay up half the night sitting in the woods, who am I to say you can’t.’
‘Right,’ I said, and emptied my mug of caf. ‘I need to get the shop van back. Why don’t you show me your cottage, and then I’ll head back, rent a buggy and be back for an evening in the woods.’
‘Rent a scooter. It’s easier to hide and you can take it places a buggy won’t fit. I only rented a buggy because I need to look professional for my cover story.’
‘Professional?’
‘My cover is that I’m employed by a wealthy family to find a suitable Agrilea holiday house to buy. It gives me an excuse to be out and about the countryside in this season and to be here and back home to report.’
‘That would seem to cover everything.’
‘I don’t take chances,’ she replied smugly. She was kidding, of course.
‘I’ll show you my cottage,’ she continued, rising. ‘But give me the afternoon to myself. I need to read the operating manual of the micro-drones, and maybe practice flying them a little.’
‘You haven’t flown drones before?’
‘Of course, I have. But not surveillance micro-drones. They’re not part of the IA training course, that’d be silly.’
‘And you didn’t receive any training for this mission?’
‘I can read operator manuals...’
I suppressed a sigh.
‘… And don’t give me that look, or I’ll change my mind about letting you tag along.’
‘Right.’
‘I don’t want to see you before nine this evening. I’ll want to get a nap in, and you probably should as well. It will probably take most of the night to see all I need to see.’
‘Right.’
‘Now, that’s the attitude I want to see. I believe this was your treat, so why don’t you go in and pay, and then we can be on our way.’
‘Right.’
She smiled brightly at me. ‘You’re a quick learner.’
‘Right.’ What else could I say?



Chapter 08  A Bright Night in the Woods

 

01
I decided on the drive from Clear Harbor back to Pine Cove that she was, indeed, Lieutenant JG Di Ai, of the Patrol. And while I had no evidence that she was investigating anything connected to the Agrilea Co-op, I thought it a prudent precaution to mention her to Mactavish.
‘This is just between you and me – and your friends,’ I began after I drove the van into the back lot and checked in with Mactavish who, as always, was manning the store. ‘I met someone today who was involved in the incident that brought me here.’
‘Indeed, sir. I trust nothing unfortunate came of the meeting.’
‘That remains to be seen. But this time it was a friendly meeting. It was the Patrol agent I mentioned in passing. It seems that she’s investigating something other than insurance fraud, and her investigation has led her to the Co-op. 
‘Well, I guess I led her here. But there appears some link between the Tzaritsa Moon and a lodge in the mountains. I’ve no clue as to what that is. Likely nothing you have to worry about. But, out of an abundance of caution, I thought that I should mention that one Layreen Chi, currently residing in Clear Harbor, is a person that your friends might want to be, shall we say, discreet around, should they find themselves in her company. I have no reason to believe she is investigating how certain machines find their way to Agrilea. But why take chances?’ 
‘Thank you, for your concern. You will find, sir, once the summer people arrive, that we are very discreet around strangers. Still, I will ping my friends to be on their best behavior in her presence. You need not be too concerned. Due to the key role we play in the economy of the Co-op and, indeed, on Fairwaine in general, our existence has been long accepted by all the authorities of this world. Moreover, being very expensive machines, the importation of illegal machines is very sporadic. It has never registered high, if at all, on the many concerns of the Patrol in the Alantzia.’
‘Very good. Well, then I’m off. See you on firstday.’
‘Enjoy your weekend, sir.’
‘I’m hoping to. I plan to spend some of it with this Layreen Chi. I like her, but I’ve a feeling that she’s a rather dangerous girl to be around.’



02
I coasted the scooter into the narrow driveway alongside her seaside cottage five minutes after nine, just to be safe. It was the long day’s long evening, with the sun, a bright spot in the always slightly hazy sky, hanging low above the Chartierran hills. It would not be fully dark before six or so the following morning. I knocked on the side door, and entered when I heard her call out, ‘Come in!’
I was greeted by the aroma of freshly brewed caf, and saw her pouring the steaming caf from the pot into a large vacuum walled canister. Neb! This girl continued to check off all the boxes of a perfect life’s companion. But I didn’t think it was time to mention that, just yet. Instead, I said, ‘Neb, that smells good. You think of everything.’
She turned and gave me a quick smile. Neb! She was always either smiling, or just about to. ‘The Covert Agent’s Companion suggests that for long surveillance operations, caf can be considered essential. I read the manuals, d’Mere,’ she added, as she returned her attention to pouring the hot caf into the canister.
‘I find that a great source of relief, Di Ai.’
‘So you see, your concern is completely unnecessary.’
‘Right.’
She flashed me another cheerful smile.
‘So do we have a plan?’ I asked.
‘I was considering operating the drones from below – across the road. However, I decided that anything interesting would be up the slope, behind the lodge, and well, we’d have to be deep enough in the woods not to be seen by anyone or any vehicle coming down the driveway. So I think we’ll hike into the woods along the northern side of the lodge and set up camp well out of sight. I didn’t trigger the alarm until after I slipped through the gate, so I’m thinking that their alarm system doesn’t trigger at the first sight of a human, but only when they enter the grounds. Still, the vid cameras look into the woods, so they could see us if we got too close, even if we didn’t trip the alarms. Given the range of the drones, we can set up camp up to two kilometers away.’
‘And what are we looking for?’
She considered her reply. ‘Don’t know for sure. We’ll see what we find. I know what I’d be very excited to find. But I don’t think you need to know that yet. I may pretend to believe that you’re some sort of Patrol intelligence agent, but that’s just pretending. I’m engaged in a covert Patrol operation. I shouldn’t be revealing anything to anyone.’
‘You’re just pretending to be a Patrol covert operations agent,’ I corrected her. ‘You’ve never admitted that you are one. And at best, you’re a IA2 desk jockey pretending to be a covert operative. We’re both pretending. As long as we’re both pretending, why don’t we pretend to agree to trust each other as if we were both real Patrol agents?’
She furrowed her brow, mimicking deep thought, and then shook her head. ‘Too deep for me. Gives me a headache just trying to unravel that. However, I seem to recall agreeing to let you tag along on the basis that I’d tell you only what you needed to know. And, at least for this mission, you don’t need to know what I’m hoping to find. Are you ready to roll?’ she added, slipping the canister into one of the satchels on the table, and picking up the other.
‘As ready as I’ll ever be.’
We loaded the two large satchels into the scooter’s twin storage compartments, and since I turned it around in the driveway, she said, ‘I’ll drive. I know the way and where I want to set up.’
True enough, so I handed her the key tab, and climbed on to the back seat.
She climbed aboard, turned it on, and kicking up the kickstand, we pushed off. After drifting past the hedge, and with the road clear, we shot silently forward into the bright evening, leaving a cloud of dust hanging in the air behind us.

It was deep twilight under the old forest’s leafy canopy when Di Ai slowed the scooter to a stop several kilometers short of the lodge’s driveway according to the scooter’s built in map. 
‘We’ll walk the scooter into the woods, so it can’t be seen from the road,’ she said. 
We dismounted, and she allowed me to take control of its handlebars and lead it up into the woods and around enough underbrush to hide it from view. I turned it around to facilitate a hurried escape to the quiet amusement of Di Ai.
‘Standard practice,’ I said. ‘I’m sure it’s in your manual.’
‘Page 74, paragraph 5b,’ she replied. She was likely making that up.
She took a pair of far-sight glasses out of one of the satchels and scanned the woods. ‘All clear. Grab a bag and let’s find a nice cozy spot to set up.’
We silently climbed up the slope to the rustle of old leaves underfoot, stopping every now and again while Di Ai searched for a sheltered spot to set up camp.
We found one that satisfied her after ten minutes or so of tramping up the hill – a hollow below a small outcropping of rocks. Low enough to hide the glow of her devices, but not so low that I couldn’t keep a 360 degree watch. Once she had her equipment set up to her satisfaction, she launched the first of the micro-drones, a tiny drone that looked just like a large dragonfly. With it hovering in the air, she donned the control glasses, and off the drone shot.
‘I’ll do a quick survey of the compound. If anything looks like it’s worth further investigation, I’ll then sniff out and build a plot of the security system to identify an exploitable weakness, should I need to investigate first hand,’ she said. After which she kept up a disjointed running commentary of what she was seeing through the drone cameras.
‘I’m sniffing the security field’s radar signals. They look to have a fifty meter border cleared of underbrush around the whole grounds. The security system must be able to discern humans from deer and other animals, or they’d never get a night’s sleep. Ah, ha! That looks to be a security pod. It’s mounted on a pine tree, some four meters up. Let’s take a closer look. Hmm, stereo cameras for 3D imaging. Top notch. It looks to be screwed on to the tree. 
‘Let’s see what they don’t want people seeing...’’ She then described the lodge and the outbuildings I had noted upon my arrival. She circled the lodge. ‘No one is about this evening. But there are two buggies parked in the back courtyard. 
‘Ah-Ha!’ she exclaimed.
‘What’d you see?’ I asked, but she was too focused on what she had discovered to reply for some time.
‘Yes, I’m going to have to get in and have a look at that myself,’ she said after a while. ‘I guess we’ll have to spend the night mapping the security system.’
‘Isn’t knowing whatever it is you found enough?’
‘Hardly. I was looking for, and hoping to find, a cave entrance. There’s a shed built into a cliff half a kilometer or so up the hill from the lodge compound. I bet it hides the entry point to a cave complex. I’m all but certain of it. However, this being a dissenting society, I need something concrete to initiate action.’
‘Can’t just call them in now and let them look for themselves?’
‘There are rules. The first being that you don’t call in the Civic Guard on a theory, especially when dealing with a dissident society. You need to know exactly what illegal operation is going on, and more importantly, will be going on, when the Guards arrive. Theories, circumstantial evidence, or even a first hand report without at least photographic evidence of illegal activity won’t lift them. I’ll need to have a look inside that cave, and get photographic evidence before I call in the Guards.’
‘What do you expect to find in the cave?’ I asked.
‘Nothing you need to know, at this point. The less you know, the less memory you’re likely to lose, if, as you say, this affair should land fins up.’
‘I think I know too much already, Di Ai. And if I didn’t before, I do now.’
‘Perhaps. But if I’m wrong, I’d just make a fool of myself. Can’t have that.’
The real reason.
‘Now leave me alone. I have a lot of tedious work to do. I need to map the viewing angles of each security pod for a blind spot. Do your job and keep watch.’
‘Right,’ I said, reaching for the canister of hot caf, poured myself a mug of the steaming beverage, and moved up to one of the rocks of the outcropping to keep watch. 
Di Ai took a caf break every-so-often, but she was all business now, all her thoughts directed to the job at hand. It grew ever darker, as the sun slipped behind the hills, and drawing the long day with it.

A flash of blue light behind me.
Startled, I spun about. Nothing. Nothing I could see, anyway, in the deepening gloom.
And then a low rolling rumble.
‘Thunder,’ muttered Di Ai, looking up as she brought the buzzing micro-drone beside her, and caught it, as she killed it. ‘Looks like I finished, just in time.’
‘One of those electrical storms?’ I asked. We didn’t have storms under the domes of Murlinn or as far as I knew, on Neuholm. I only knew of them from vids. ‘Are they dangerous?’
‘If you melt when you get wet, yes. Otherwise, only if you get struck by the lightning. A minor risk. Though I can’t say anything about Fairwaine storms.’
‘Pull some gees on, Di Ai. I melt when I get wet,’ I said, packing away the caf canister and my mug after emptying it in a gulp or two. The minor risk of being electrocuted didn’t seem all that minor. 
The leaves of the trees and the bows of the pines stirred and sighed in a gust of wind, and then another. A flash of blue again, followed seconds later by the rolling rumble of thunder. Di Ai rose, and we scrambled down the hill for the scooter. A few big drops of rain found us through the trees by the time we reached it. 
‘Hop on back,’ I said. ‘I’ll pilot it. I’m wide awake.’
She didn’t argue, and before long, I could hear the rain pelting the leaves in the dark canopy and see the flicker of lightning in the little gaps. And by the time we left the hills and forest behind, I was wet enough, in spots, to begin to melt. Out of the forest, we were exposed to the driving wind, and racing sheets of the cold rain. I had to keep to a modest pace, as the wind attempted to push us this way, that way, and backwards.
Lightning laced the clouds, but Di Ai assured me, in a loud voice, that that wasn’t dangerous at all. She was planet born, so I had to believe her.
I’d worn my spaceer gear, the jacket was waterproof, and my trousers and inner garments, though wet, retained heat – like sheep hair – so I didn’t suffer too much. I had lied about melting in water.
Eventually the twisting, storm-dark roads led me to her cottage driveway. I parked behind her buggy.
As she climbed off, she said, ‘Come on in, d’Mere. I’ve got two bedrooms. One is yours.’
I didn’t argue. ‘That’s very kind of you, Di Ai,’ I said, as I followed her through the cottage’s side door into a small entryway that led to the small kitchen.
‘The least I can do. Take off all the wet things you dare to, and wring them out over the sink. I’ll do the same in the upstairs bath. The open door will be yours. I’ll see you in the morning.’
‘Thank you,’ I said sincerely.
‘Think nothing of it,’ she said with a smile and disappeared into the darkness of the front room. I heard the stair creak as she went up. I gave her time to dry off and get to bed, before I made my way up as well, with most of my clothes wrung nearly dry. 



03
It took me less time than I had expected to fall asleep, and I slept late. Already I was putting my watch on watch days behind me.
I washed up in the small bathroom, got dressed and then, following a wonderful fragrance of caf and faux-bacon, I found my way back to the small, brightly lit kitchen.
‘Good morning Di Ai,’ I said, when I entered. She was working at the counter with her back to me.
She cast me a quick glance and a smile. ‘Morning, d’Mere. Sleep well?’
‘Well and long. I hope I didn’t keep you from breakfast.’
‘No. I wasn’t up long before I heard you stirring. It is hard to get up in what seems to be the middle of the night. I’m just getting breakfast going now.’
‘It smells wonderful.’
‘Nothing special. Faux bacon, some real eggs, some faux sausages, and since the bread is a little old, toast and jam.’
‘Toasted bread from a toaster?’
‘How else?’
‘You know, I don’t know. I’ve had toast, but I don’t recall seeing toasters on Murlinn. I’m not sure how it was made. If they did have’em, they were kept discreetly out of sight. We had a top of the line synth-galley at home. But I’ve been fixing them this last week, so if you ever have a problem with one, just ping me and I’ll be right over to fix it.’
‘I’ll keep that in mind, d’Mere.’ she replied without looking back.
I can’t quite explain it, but much like my experience of seeing Agrilea countryside rolling away to the sea, I experienced another revelation in that little cottage kitchen. But I didn’t know how to act on it. But I needed to act.
‘I hate to frighten you, Vaun Di Ai, but I find that I need to say it anyway. Standing here, watching you make breakfast, I find that you’ve checked off the last box on my list of what I would love in a life long companion. It’s not essential, or all that important, but it was the only box left unchecked.’ I’ll admit that telling this to her back was pure cowardice, but well, what can I say?
She paused in what she was mixing, and then turned around to face me, with a smile. ‘That was very sweet of you to say so. I don’t know how serious you are. We’ve known each other for only a day, so I don’t think you can be that serious.’ She held up her hand to stop me from replying.
‘But you probably believe that you’re serious. And we have gotten along quite comfortably. But, if you think about it a little more, you’ll see that we’re going in opposite directions. You’re running from the life of the Patrol, and I’m hoping to make an illustrious career in it. And I am certain that if either of us, or both of us, deviated from our orbit at this point in time, our happiness would be fleeting. I like you, Rafe. You check off some boxes for me as well. But now is not our time. But thank you, I’m flattered.’
‘I am serious,’ I replied. Having started on this course, I wasn’t willing to abandon it with a whimper. ‘I sensed something special in you from the first moment I saw you. I’ve gotten more serious about you every moment since then. But if an illustrious career in the Patrol is your dream, then you’re right. Now is not the time. Not that I’m so inflexible that I wouldn’t give it a try. But I know the Patrol, and I know that I’d see you so infrequently that I’d eventually get frustrated, restless, and spoil things for us. I just wanted to let you know how you’ve affected me, and probably many others as well. You’re just too nice.’
‘Oh, I’m going to be a lot less nice. You’re going to regret everything you said to me soon enough. But first, we’ll have breakfast together like life companions. The bacon’s nearly done. The eggs are scrambled and ready to be cooked. I’ll put you in charge of operating the toaster. I believe that you can get the bread toasting, d’Mere, if you know how to operate it.’
I stepped over, slotted the bread like a pro, and pushed the lever down. ‘See, I’ve mastered toaster operations. And I don’t think I’ll ever regret anything I said, or that I said it.’
She smiled. ‘I’ve been doing some research and mulling over how we might compromise the security barrier of Deer Forest Lodge, but we can put that off until after breakfast.’
I’d have put it off a lot longer. Days, weeks, months, years, but I knew that wouldn’t lift.
We had a nice breakfast together. Then we explored ideas on how we could have a look at that shed and possible cave Di Ai was so eager to explore. She was right, I didn’t like any of our prospects. Not that it mattered. I was in. That was a given, like it or not.



Chapter 09  The Raid on Deer Forest Lodge



01
We left the cottage together shortly after noon. The rain had let up. Di Ai was driving back to Kartarn Crater and then flying to Prime to get “supplies” for the raid on Deer Forest Lodge. I went home to the Manse, and since it was a dark day, I hung about in my room reading an Agrilea-style adventure book I found in the Manse’s guest lounge.
The following day, firstday, I spent the twilit morning accompanying the Skipper on her farm rounds. She left me to diagnose and repair the various issues with the broken machines, while she gossiped with the farmers. The issues ranged from a farmhand bot with a servo motor that, according to its onboard self-diagnostic system, was in near failing condition, to a circuit board on a planting machine that needed to be replaced. We had brought along the replacement servomotor, so that was just a matter of swapping it out. And we had a circuit board printer in the van so, again, it was a matter of swapping in a new one after it had been printed. The third farm had another planter that needed work; this time I had to tear down a gearbox to see what gears had gone astray, and then call in the parts to Mactavish to print out. We returned to the shop early in the now full daylight afternoon. I picked up the gears and took the shop scooter back out to the farm to install them, and then rejoined the Skipper to repair a compressor on a freezer unit for one of the boarding houses.
This was the pattern for secondday, a bright day, as well. I didn’t run into any problems that could not be easily remedied. All products in the Unity fell into just two categories – cheap pieces with limited lifetime that were recycled, or quality pieces that were designed to be repairable and were expected to be used for centuries. In the Agrilea Co-op they only sold quality merchandise, from chairs, to toasters, to bots, to farm tractors, and grain combines.
Di Ai pinged me on my com-link near the end of my workday and invited me to dinner at her cottage in Clear Harbor. 
‘Let’s take a look at the lay of the land, before we attempt anything,’ she said. ‘Come dressed for the occasion.’
The apprehensions I felt driving to Clear Harbor in the deep twilight vanished upon seeing the ever cheerful Di Ai. Out of kindness for me, she said nothing about Deer Forest Lodge until we had finished our after-dinner mug of caf in the deep twilight on a small patio that overlooked the milky dark sea under the pale dome of the Vilwaine-lit sky.
‘It’s as dark as it's going to be, so we best lift now, since you have to work tomorrow,’ she said with a smile. ‘I’ll brief you on what I learned and how I propose to compromise Deer Forest Lodge along the way. We’ll just take a quick look tonight. I’ve gone over my drone footage of it, so I know how I want to proceed. But since I need your help, you need to know exactly what to expect tomorrow evening when we do it for real.’
‘Tomorrow already?’
‘It’ll be perfect. I’ll arrive  around 19:00, still a reasonable hour to call on a lodge owner. It will be a bit lighter than full night, which we’ll want for our operation.’
‘Why can’t we put it off until fifthday? I’ll have the afternoon off, and it will be a dark day.’
‘And waste two days sitting around?  I’m not here on holiday. Plus, I’ll need to find another place to stay since I have to be out of the cottage on fifthday. No, no time like the present. Let’s lift, d’Mere.’
Once in the buggy, and on our way to the black, forest clad mountains, Di Ai said, ‘They have a good security system. The Bui Dar 476 Security System is, according to the Covert Operations Handbook, a very difficult system to compromise without a lot more equipment than I have on hand. It’s hard-wired, so it can’t be spoofed by any remote device. It has a complete array of sensors, and a good AI to discern security threats. We’d need to be deer to penetrate it without setting it off.
‘However, I have acquired, with much running around between various Guard agencies and supply firms, a dongle and two fobs that should compromise it – if we get access to one of the security pods and install the dongle in the circuit.’ 
‘But we can’t get to the pod without setting off the alarm.’
‘That had occurred to me.’
‘So?’ 
‘So I’m going to set off the alarm. They might recognize you, so that’ll be my task. Your task will be to slip inside the security perimeter while the alarm is blazing and I’m drawing all their attention.’
‘How?’
‘If you’ll let me talk, I’ll explain everything.’
‘Right.’
‘I’m simply going to drive up to the gate, and walk up the driveway, like I started to do before. And when everyone comes racing down to see who’s invading their estate, I’ll play my current cover character. The one where I’m employed by a wealthy individual to locate a mountain lodge for private and business uses. I’ll pretend to be looking for The Pines Lodge, and arrive there by mistake. While we’re sorting that out, you’ll have slipped in via the creek ravine along the north side of the lodge.
‘The ravine will hide you completely save for the last seven or eight meters of the security zone. You’ll be camouflaged with a super-black radar and thermal proof hooded cape. You’ll be a black shadow in the black shadows of the ravine. The sensors will likely pick up your movement, but they won’t be able to identify you as a person, and the cameras will probably pick up nothing visible, if you keep to the shadows.’
‘Why don’t we just go that route. Why do you have to set off the alarms yourself?’
‘As a diversion. Even as a black shadow, you may well set off the alarm. Still, with it blaring already, I’m hoping that it won’t be noticed. But if that was our only line of attack, and the alarms went off, we’d be facing the entire response. I’m hoping that I’ll be the obvious reason for the alarm, and even if your entry registers, when they see no sign of you on the vid, they’ll dismiss the alarm as a false positive. Or at least assign it a low priority, giving you time to reach cover beyond the security zone. Once past the security zone, you’ll be within a dozen meters of a long row of yews that line the lower terrace. You can hide in them until the ho-doo dies down...’
‘Ho-doo?’
She gave me an exasperated sidelong glance.
‘Right. Carry on.’
‘Once the ho-doo dies down, you install the dongle on the line. And with it online, you should be able to get out without setting off the alarm with the pass-fob in your pocket.’
‘Won’t I set off a second alarm installing the dongle?’
‘Not if you do it fast enough, I’m told. In any event, I’ll be covering you from the forest.’
‘Right.’
‘Since the security pod is mounted some four meters high on a big pine tree, you’ll need to carry in a very portable, folding three meter ladder to reach the security pod.
‘Set the ladder against the tree beside the pod, climb up and very carefully loosen the screws holding the pod to the tree. Work it out slowly so that the vid feed doesn’t show any appreciable movement. You’ll need to get enough space between it and the tree to get at the cables that connect it to the system. 
‘You then quickly unplug the wire from the input socket and connect it to the dongle. Plug the dongle’s wire back into the security pod as quickly as possible, since unplugging the wire will cause an error alert in the system. If it’s just a blip, it’ll probably be ignored as a random error – a bird landing on a wire or some such thing. Tighten the screws if you think you have time.’
‘Right. Tighten the screws again.’
‘Now, with our dongle on the line, the fob you’ll have in your pocket will authorize your presence in the security zone, so no alarm will sound when you enter it, just like the gang. You’ll show up on camera, of course, so you’ll want to stick to the shadows and use the cape as cover. Head straight out, since only that security pod is compromised. You don’t want to trip an alarm from the adjacent pods. We meet by the road and you’ll be home in bed by ten. Nice and simple. I like nice and simple plans,’ she added with a smile and another sidelong glance.
Did I mention that she had a pretty face?  She does. So I said, ‘Right.’
We pulled up several kilometers short of Deer Forest Lodge’s driveway and walked up through the woods to a vantage point, where, with night-sight glasses, and much dodging about, I got the full picture of the lay of the land, and how I was to enter it. We then walked deeper into the woods and she showed me how to work the ladder. It was made of D-polymers, making it very light and strong. It was little more than a modest tree branch when folded. Once unfolded it had three vertical shafts. The middle one was 30cm longer then the two on the ends, and when set on the ground, it pushed up and out the thin strap-like steps, which in turn, spread the two side rails outward, wider at the bottom than at the top. It would be very flimsy in one gee, but in 1/6 gravity, it held me fairly steadily. She then showed me an example of the security pod, the dongle, and where and how I was to install the dongle.’
‘That looks pretty simple,’ I said.
‘It is. But I never take chances. I want to make certain you do it right, and fast, since your life may depend on it.’
‘I appreciate your concern.’
I can’t say I got all that much sleep upon my return to my room. And I didn’t have much to say at breakfast with the gang. I did get through the work day without making a mistake. I picked up my spaceer clothing and hopped on the rented scooter bound once more for Clear Harbor. I must confess, I wasn’t looking forward to my evening with Di Ai. For once.
Them girls with pretty faces. 



02
I crouched alongside the stream peering just over the bank of the ravine, watching the grounds of Deer Forest Lodge with my night-sight glasses on. With my hooded cape on, and a black band covering my face below the night-sight glasses, I looked like death. Rather felt like it as well. I’ll confess to being less than eager to risk losing my memory, or my life. But I didn’t want to lose Di Ai either. So there I was, a darter supplied by Di Ai from the ones I had collected on the launch, the folded ladder strapped to my back under the cape, and the dongle and necessary tools in my inner jacket pocket. Di Ai had made sure that I had everything I needed, since she ‘didn’t take chances.’ We had synced our com-links so that I could hear everything she said and was said to her.
I was not unfamiliar with these feelings. Six years in contraband suppression had introduced me to the suspense of waiting for action. The smugglers of the First Worlds like Neuholm were a different breed than, say, the likely drifter smugglers of the Alantzia. We never faced armed resistance from any of the ships we boarded, though we had gone through the same combat training that our contraband suppression cohorts in the Alantzia or any other system went through. On some of those stations they have to call on their training with some regularity. Still, even on Neuholm station, there’s always the possibility of a first time. But I did have the training, and I wasn’t too worried… on my account.
I’d just told her that the coast was clear on my end, so she was now pulling up the long driveway to the gate.
The plan was for me to stay put until after the rocket had lifted and the alarms were sounding. I’d wait to see their response before moving, since once I was in the ravine, I’d have to move fast and couldn’t look up until I was past the security zone and in the lodge grounds. I didn’t want to run into an unpleasant surprise. If I could help it.
‘Ready?’ she whispered in my mind via the com-link.
‘As I’m ever going to be,’ I replied softly.
‘Let’s lift.’
I heard the buggy door open and close, and the crunch of gravel as she started for the gate. The fence and gate were mostly decorative, as it ended in the woods within five meters on either side of the driveway. It was simply a matter of walking around it.
She did. And once again, the alarms and lights exploded around the lodge. 
I waited for their response.
Half a minute later, she whispered. ‘People running down the drive to meet me.’
‘Right. No one on my side. I’m off,’ I replied, after searching the twilit grounds. Crouching down, I set out as fast as I could, hugging the eastern side – the shadow side – of the ravine and keeping below its banks. I had to scramble on hands and knees in the stream for the last dozen meters, and even so, I was no longer hidden behind its banks. A moment later, the stream was running in its artistically designed course across the lawn, so I was beyond the security zone.
I heard voices from the terrace just ahead, hidden by the row of yew trees.
I could see the steps down to the lawn just ahead of me. I dodged to my left and dived on all fours for the yew hedge, rolling into the very narrow space below their lowest branches.
‘Boyd, stay here. Cover the steps. Stay out of sight. The rest of you, follow me. This is not a drill,’ said a voice from above. A moment later three fellows filed down from the terrace steps and stopped at its foot. ‘Divy, down the hill and stay hidden behind that first big bush, if you don’t care to be a target. Riv, follow me.’
I hadn’t moved, or breathed, since I wasn’t that far under the hedge. I had my darter in hand.
But Divy wasn’t looking down as his legs hurried past me. He was likely looking towards the dark woods on his way down to the large bush on the front lawn. He didn’t want to be a target. That left the fellow, Boyd, above me on the terrace, but he’d never see me in the darkness under the wide hedge. 
Slowly and carefully I wiggled deeper into the prickly foliage until I was on the inside of the hedge and my back was against the stone terrace wall. There was some open space low down in the back, so I could sit up behind the thicket of branches growing from the base of the tree. 
‘I’m in,’ I whispered to Di Ai via my com-link.’
Now all I had to do was wait.
‘Good evening!’ I could hear Di Ai exclaiming via my com-link. ‘I’m sorry if I startled you. I guess I’m a little early, but I didn’t see a call box on your gate...’
‘What are you doing here?’ a gruff voice asked.
‘Why, I’m here for my appointment with Dran Boe. About selling The Pines. I hope he remembered.’
‘This ain’t The Pines,’
‘It isn’t? I’m certain it is. I have the directions right here.’
‘The Pines is the place to the north.’
‘Ah. So sorry. I’m a big city girl and driving places all on my own, has been a bit of a challenge. I usually just call a taxi and tell it where I want to go. That doesn’t work here. I’ll be going. Sorry I caused all this fuss.’
‘Hold up. The boss says he wants to talk to you. He’s coming right down.’
‘I really should get on to The Pines for my appointment.’
‘That’s him coming down the driveway. He says it won’t take a minute.’
That didn’t sound good.
A moment later. ‘Who are you? What are you doing here?’ The voice was very familiar. I bet the speaker was a tall man.
‘Good evening. I’m Layreen Chi, personal assistant to Viy Pran, of Pran Digital Services. I’m looking for The Pines, and seem to have turned in one driveway too soon. Silly me. Sorry for all the bother.
‘So you’re looking for a lodge are you?’ 
‘Yes. Mr Pran is interested in purchasing an isolated lodge for business conferences and I have an appointment with Mr Boe to discuss the possible sale of The Pines.’
‘Is the deal with Boe final?’
‘Ah, not yet, but if The Pines is suitable, it could be shortly. If, of course, the price is within reason.’ I could see Di Ai smiling.
‘Well, as long as you’re here, why don’t you come up and look over Deer Forest Lodge as well?’
‘I have a 19:00 hour appointment with Mr Boe...’
‘A quick tour. I’m sure your boss would like options. And well, I wouldn’t mind parting with this place – if I could get a reasonable offer, of course.’
‘Well, if you insist,’ said Di Ai and continued, seemingly unfazed, ‘I’ve time to give it just a glance. And if it looks promising we can set up a formal showing.’
I had a sinking feeling that we were landing fins up. 
And yet, all the way up the driveway Di Ai kept up her cheerful chatter, asking about the number and size of rooms, while talking about her other prospects. Knowing Di Ai, she wasn’t making it up. She’d done the research. 
I tuned it out. I had plans of my own to make. I was likely going to have to make my way into the lodge to extract Di Ai, unless she had some tricks in her pocket that she hadn’t mentioned.
The first thing I did was switch my darter to armor-piercing darts only on the assumption that the guards would all be wearing armored clothing. If you didn’t wear armor, you’d have armor-piercing darts blowing 2mm holes through you. I didn’t want the darts discharging upon impact on the armor layer, with resulting in blue flash, alerting the other guards that there was an intruder about. The armor-piercing ones would discharge inside the body, with only a faint flicker of blue at the entry point. 
I considered my options. The hedge of yews I was deep in followed the curve of the lower terrace around to where it met the wall of the upper terrace. That corner would be my best point of entrance, as the yews would likely give me cover from both Boyd on the terrace steps to my left, and Divy behind the bushes down the hill a bit on my right. But how to get there, undetected?
I could climb the terrace wall and stone balustrade above me, and with any luck at all, have a good shot at the back of Boyd on the steps. And at this range, I could pick off Divy by the bush as well. The problem was their absence would be noted sooner or later, either by failing to reply to a com-link message or by the crew boss, inspecting his people. That would tell them that there was a second intruder on the grounds. 
Reaching the corner and over the top and on to the lodge without them realizing I was inside the security perimeter, was my preferred option. But it involved certain risks. Tunneling my way to that corner through the tangle of dead low branches, and silently, seemed out of the question. I had to take the outside route. I could keep low and in the black shadows under the yews, and with my cloak and hood, would be pretty indistinguishable from the shadows, on casual inspection from the Divy who, if he looked back, would be able to see me. But since he was watching the woods, not the lodge and terraces, it looked doable. So I might as well do it, I told myself.
I slowly edged back out from between the yews, and then began to crawl on my belly along their outer edge, watching the guard, darter in hand.
I froze as the Divy glanced up the hill and waved to a comrade out of sight, no doubt in response to a com-link ping. He returned to watching the woods, and I returned to my slow crawl.
In my mind I could hear Di Ai praising the rustic beauty of the great front room of the lodge and going on about how it could be converted to a large conference room, as needed. I reached the corner of the two terraces as the lodge owner, who I assumed to be the Tall Man, invited her to view the upstairs rooms. I would’ve liked to yell ‘No!  You have to get out!’ but of course she said, ‘Oh, just a glance, or I’ll be late...’
I wiggled my way deep into the yews. There was room to stand in the corner. Looking up, I saw that a short jump would give me a hand hold on the lower terrace’s stone balustrade. With that, I could clamber over the upper terrace balustrade, even without the ladder on my back.
I had no further need for the cape. Dressed in black, as I was, with my night-sight glasses on, I could pass for one of the guards for the few seconds I’d likely need to deal with anyone I might run into. So I rolled it up and stuffed it into its hood and then stuffed it into my jacket pocket. I pulled the folded ladder over my head. Very slowly and carefully I unfolded it, and set it up against the upper terrace wall behind the yew. The yews were tall enough that I could climb half way up to peer through the upper terrace balustrade towards the tall dark lodge, a quick sprint away. I studied all the shadows, and found no guards.
I waited. There was no point in committing myself until I knew for sure how things were going to play out. I doubted that Di Ai was successfully pulling off her act. The Tall Man would’ve chased her off, if he thought she was who she was pretending to be. But I saw no point in acting until I knew for certain. So I waited in the deep shadows of the terrace walls and yews for the almost inevitable fins-up crash.
I listened as Di Ai oohed and awed about the rustic features, and the view from the balcony looking down to the main room. She said nice things about the bedroom she viewed.
‘And you need to see the owner’s suite,’ said the Tall Man. ‘It’s the far room, across the way.’
At least this time Di Ai mildly objected to being pressed for time, but in the end went along for a ‘quick look.’
They didn’t say much as their footsteps echoed hollowly in my mind. A door opened.
‘ As you can see,  the front room is a large office,’ said the Tall Man. ‘And this is a colleague of mine, Duecy. Duecy, this is Layreen Chi, she’s interested in our lodge.’ A door closed.
‘Now, why don’t you tell us what you’re doing here, my dear?’
‘Why, sir, you invited me up to inspect your lodge.’
I could picture him shaking his head sadly. ‘No, I invited you up to have a little chat. Who are you, and what are you up to?’
‘I believe I’ve told you that already, sir. And I also said that I was pressed for time, so perhaps we can postpone any further discussions to a later date. I need to get on to The Pines for my appointment.’
‘This is the second time you’ve called. The last time was several days ago, rather late. And you didn’t stay. Our security system recognized you.’
‘Oh my! I’m sorry! So this the same place I blundered into that first night I arrived? I had a feeling that it might be, but I was too embarrassed to mention it. You see, I was so lost back then. As I told one of your men, I’m a big city girl. I’m not used to navigating all on my own in a strange place. I’m constantly losing track of where I am these days. You’d think I could read a map or count how many drives I have to pass to find the right place. But no. That’s why, I ended up here today.’
‘And the last time?’
‘Silly me. I thought your driveway was the road I was looking for. So when I came to the gate, I knew that I was lost. So I thought maybe I could walk on to see if anyone was awake to ask directions from. But when all the lights came on, and the sirens were blaring, I panicked and ran back to my vehicle and took off. I’m very sorry about waking you all up. Please forgive me. It was a mistake.’
‘I think it was. But I think that we need to find that out for certain. If you’ll take a seat, Duecy has a device here that will allow us to quickly confirm your story, and then you’ll be on your way to The Pines.’
‘A device? How?’
I pulled down my half mask, and started up the ladder to get over the balustrade. Fins up, it was.
‘Nothing to be alarmed about. Just sit quietly and Duecy will place these bands around your head, and we’ll take a peek at what you’ve been up to. If you’re telling the truth, you’ll soon find yourself on your way to The Pines, a little confused, perhaps. You won’t remember being here. But that’s no loss, as I’ve no intention of selling the place.’
‘You’re talking about a mind-probe, aren’t you?’ Di Ai demanded, (feigning) alarm. ‘Those machines are illegal. How dare you! I have no intention of being mind-probed!’
My night-sight glasses showed that the terrace and shadows were clear of guards.  I jumped over the stone balustrade and walked purposely across the terrace, hoping to look like one of the guards, rather than saving ten seconds at the risk of looking like a thief. I reached the bushes next to the lodge near where the porch, which wrapped around this side of the lodge ended. From the faint light above, there appeared to be a side door leading inside. 
‘You don’t have a choice. Now sit.’
The sounds of a brief shuffle? 
‘Let go of me!’ Di Ai hissed.
‘Dart her, Duecy.’
Di Ai said nothing more.
I leaped for the porch railing, and swung myself over it to land as softly as I could in the square of light from the side door. I pulled my night-sight glasses down around my neck, as they were no longer needed. And once inside I didn’t think I’d need to be concerned with blue flashes either, so I switched back to the usual standard dart on first press followed by the armor-piercing one.
‘Here, use my belt and yours to secure her hands to the chair arm. I think we’re going to find something interesting in her pretty head.’
‘I think it’s going to be problematical.’
‘Nothing a good mind-wipe can’t solve.’
‘She shouldn’t be here at all, and she wouldn’t be here alone.’
‘Let’s not panic. Let’s see what we can find out. I’ve ordered up some caf. This may take a while.’ 
I tried the door handle. It was unlocked. I pulled it open and stepped into a small vestibule with light streaming in from the door beyond the narrow staircase assenting into darkness on my right. I started for the staircase just as a stout woman hurried out of the doorway holding a tray with a carafe and two mugs.
‘Oh! You startled me!’ she exclaimed with a start. And then realizing that I wasn’t a familiar face, opened her mouth again.
I reached out to grab the tray with one hand, and put one non-armor piercing dart into her with the other.
‘Sorry,’ I said softly as she collapsed with a soft thump, leaving me holding the tray.
I waited for any response from beyond the kitchen door. 
There was none, so I set the tray down on the steps, and stepping over the cook, glanced into the kitchen. It was empty, so I stepped in and looked around for a place to stash the cook. One of the doors led to a dark storeroom. Good enough. I quickly dragged the unconscious cook into her storeroom, and returned to the stairs. I would have to cross the balcony to reach the office, and if anyone in the room below looked up, I decided that carrying the tray of caf might be all the reason I’d needed to be up there. If they didn’t look too closely. 
So, tray in one hand, darter in the other, I climbed the dark servant’s stairs and backed through the door on top to find myself on the balcony that half circled the dark wood paneled great room below. I assumed that the office room ‘across the way,’ was behind the last door at the far end of the balcony, across the way. I could hear the low mutter of voices from the room below, but the rustic balcony railing was constructed of thick logs, and if I kept close to the wall, I doubt anyone would see me, at least until I made the turn. I walked swiftly, looking to the wall rather than down onto the great room. I reached the last door. Took a breath. And knocked.
‘Enter.’
I did.
Book shelves lined three walls. Straight ahead two glass doors opened onto a small balcony. Two overstuffed chairs to my left, with a lamp on an end table between them. To my right, a large wood desk. One of the two straight-backed, armed wooden chairs had been positioned in the center of the room, with Di Ai slumped unconscious in it. Her hands belted to the chair arms. Beside her stood a portly man, dressed in the Unity’s professional style. Presumably Duecy. He had an arrogant face when he looked up from his work of attaching bands around Di Ai’s head. Though he probably wasn’t wearing armored clothing, I put two darts into his shoulder, because I took an instant dislike to him. A faint blue glow showed that I was right. The armor-piercing dart put a 2 mm hole through his shoulder before it lost the drive beam and either dropped behind him, or came to a rest, undischarged in his shoulder. He fell to the floor behind the chair.
The Tall Man was standing behind the desk. He snatched a darter off the desk, as I swung to him after darting Duecy. We fired.
I may’ve fired half a second sooner, scoring two hits, since he was already starting to collapse over the desk when he fired his two darts. His first dart, the standard one, struck my left hip, exploding in a flash of blue plasma. His second, the armor-piercing dart, discharged as it glazed me, just above my right ankle. I collapsed, the tray, carafe, and mugs spraying across the wood floor before me.
However, between my Patrol’s skin-tight plasma dissipating garment and the fact that it only glazed me – I saw the bloody streak and torn skin-tight fabric, I didn’t lose consciousness. But my right foot felt like a lead weight. I crawled back far enough to shut the door.  I didn’t hear any commotion, but except for the falling bodies, we had transacted our business in silence, the blue flashes likely unnoticeable in the office light to anyone below.
I made it to the desk on my hands and knees, and with its help, stood. I found that my foot would hold me, but I had to drag it along, as it were – dead weight. I stumped two steps over to the chair to tear off the bands around Di Ai’s head, and undo the belts holding her hands to the chair. 
She was still out. Given my less than ideal condition, I decided to wait for her to revive before attempting our escape. They’d no doubt given her a minimally charged dart, five to ten minutes, since they’d need her conscious in order to interrogate her with the mind-probe. And if she was also wearing her Patrol skin-tight protective undergarment, she’d be coming around in a minute or two.
A screen behind the slumped Tall Man caught my eye. I hobbled slowly around the desk to view it. It was the security system screen, still open and accessible to me. It was the work of two minutes to enter the code of our fobs, and change the administrator's authorization from presumably the Tall Man’s bio-metrics to a random twelve digit pass code. He wouldn’t be able to eliminate our code, should he even notice it.
I turned back, momentarily quite satisfied with myself, when over the slumped body of the Tall Man, I spied a gleaming model of a Crimson Comet 33xz on the bookshelf over one of the overstuffed chairs. My Crimson Comet 33xz.
Picking up and pocketing the Tall Man’s darter from his hand, I limped around the desk, grabbed the courier bag that Duecy had his mind-probe gear in, and emptied it on the floor. I stumped to the bookshelf behind the overstuffed chairs and lifted my precious model and its base from the bookshelf. It looked unharmed. I set the courier bag down on the chair and slipped the model into it. It almost fit.
As I was strapping its cover to secure the model, Di Ai said, ‘so we have time to loot, do we?’
There was a loud rap at the door. ‘Chief?’
I picked up my darter from the arm of the chair and tossed the Tall Man’s to Di Ai, who caught it and slumped in her chair again.
‘Enter,’ I called out gruffly.
She did. Seeing us, her eyes widening as I put two darts into her.
As she slumped to the floor, Di Ai stirred and fired two more darts at someone on the balcony who had been out of my sight. She stood and sliding the sleeping beauty out of the way, slammed and locked the door.
Turning to me, she said, with a smile, ‘Have enough loot? I think we should lift.’
‘It’s mine. And yes, let’s lift. The window and balcony, I think.’
‘Can you make it? Do you need help?’ she asked, seeing me shamble towards the window.
‘I’ll be fine. My foot’s just numb from a grazing dart.’
I hobbled over and opened one of the glass doors –real glass since this was a throw-back society. ‘Let’s have a look first,’ I said, pulling the night-sight glasses I had around my neck over my eyes and then stepped out onto the narrow balcony. Looking downhill, I spied a guard standing in the shadows of a large bush, the counterpart of Divy on the terrace side. I toggled off the standard darts again, and taking careful preliminary aim, I activated the darter. With my night-sight glasses, its drive beam was a bright line. I quickly connected it to the back of the guard, and sent a dart his way. He silently slumped and fell.
I quickly turned uphill. One of the outbuildings blocked the view up the hill. I didn’t see any other target in the shadows of the shed.
‘We clear?’ she whispered.
‘Looks so. Here, take the cape.’ She was dressed in a light colored jacket and slacks to look the part she was playing. ‘I’ll go down first. If I’m not darted, follow me down.’
She was letting me give the orders. Out of kindness, no doubt.
I pocketed my darter and crawled over the balcony’s railing. Hung there for a second, and then pushed off to avoid the bushes alongside the porch. My right foot didn’t hold, to no great surprise. I collapsed and rolled a bit. But in 1/6th gravity, jumping down from an upstairs balcony is no great feat, and I was up on my knees, darter in hand, searching the porch and grounds within seconds. I saw no one, so waved Di Ai on. She fluttered gracefully down, like a caped hero of some children’s vid.
As she landed, the front door of the lodge burst open, and several men dove out, taking cover behind the porch railing.
‘To the woods,’ I snapped. And seeing that the guards, pulling up their night-sight glasses had spotted me, I snapped off a few darts in their direction before dodging behind the corner of the lodge and limping/skipping for the dark woods as fast as I could. 
Di Ai, kept to my slow pace. Stopping every few paces to look back, ready to fire at any of the guards eager enough to show themselves around the corner of the lodge. None were.
When we reached the edge of the cleared security zone, Di Ai said, ‘Can you make it down to the buggy? Or should we hole up in the woods until your foot is better?’
‘The foot’s a tingling lump of pins and needles, but it works. I can limp along fast enough. Let’s lift, fast and hot.’
So we bounded down the hill, keeping low behind the scant screen of underbrush for cover from the guards’ night-sights. We didn’t encounter any guards until we reached the buggy in the driveway. We pulled up, each behind a tree trunk twenty short and wide of the gateway, to survey the ground.
Through the side window of the buggy, I caught a glimpse of one guard crouching behind its far side.  He must’ve been warned where to expect us.
‘I’ll circle around,’ whispered Di Ai, seeing him as well. She drew the cape around her, continued on down the hill. 
It took her several minutes to get far enough down to cross the drive and come up from behind him. I kept watch up the hill towards the lights of the lodge, but I saw no shadows following us. They’d have been stupid to do so. 
Looking back, I caught sight of the drive beam of Di Ai’s darter, as she picked off the guard behind the buggy, and then a second one, unseen by me, who was crouching behind the gateway. She emerged from the woods behind the buggy, waved me on, before climbing into the buggy.
I started sprinting forward. However, the moment I reached the driveway, I caught sight, from the corner of my eye and night-sight glasses, a bright line ending on me.
I dived for the ground, but not before I was engulfed in a brilliant explosion of blue plasma and heat. From the brilliance of the discharge, it had to have been a fatally charged dart, though a standard dart, that hit me. I dived for the dusty gravel drive, and scrambled on all fours for the buggy door Di Ai had flung open, as several more blue explosions erupted on the bars of the gate and in the drive beyond me. I was barely inside before she slammed the buggy into reverse, and sent it careening wildly down the driveway.
She could drive that buggy in reverse faster than I thought possible. I pulled myself fully in, and yanked the door closed beside me, only after we skidded to a brief halt on reaching the road. We took off again, just as fast, this time going forward.
I looked across at her. She was not smiling. For once.
‘Well, that went pretty well, don’t you think?’ I asked, just to say it first.
She gave me a grim look. And then a little smile. ‘Almost like we had planned.’
‘We got out alive. And I got my Crimson Comet 33xz back,’ I said, pulling the courier bag around from my side to show her. ‘Well, look at that!’ 
There was a hand-sized, scorched rimmed hole in the courier bag from where that dart had exploded. The metal of the model underneath the hole was still hot to the touch. ‘They were firing lethal darts, and this one must have been an armor-piercing one! They must have had a sighted darter to have hit me from the lodge.’
‘It saved your life,’ she remarked, now grim again.  Adding with a quick glance my way, ‘I’m sorry to have dragged you into this.’
‘I got myself into this. And don’t lose any sleep over my Crimson Comet 33xz, either. I can make any needed repairs at the shop.’
She gave me another grim look. 
‘Don’t look so grim. You’re making me feel bad.’
‘I can’t help it. It was a disaster, and we both know it.’
‘Well, not quite a disaster. True, they now know that someone – likely the Patrol – is on to them and their hideout here. That might move them along. But that’ll only give you another chance to trace them. They might reveal yet another hideout. And some people are going to lose a lot of their memories. Plus, you may’ve noticed that the alarms didn’t sound for our escape.’
She flashed me a questioning look.
‘While you were napping, I logged our fobs’ code into the security system, so that we can penetrate their security from any point...’
‘Whoa!’ I exclaimed, as I braced myself against the dashboard – she braked so hard.
‘You did?’ she demanded as we came to an abrupt stop.
‘Yep. Plus, I made it so they couldn’t delete our code, should they discover it. You can have a look inside at your cave whenever you want.’
‘We’ll do it now.’
‘Now?’
‘Why not? How many of the crew did we dart?’
‘Let’s see… Duecy and the Tall Man, the two that followed them in, the guard at the bush, plus the two at the buggy, makes seven. Plus the cook.’
‘The cook?’
I shrugged. ‘I met her on the way in. Necessity must be served.’
‘That has to be half of the crew, if not more. They’ll be out for hours.  And they’re without a boss. Now’s the time. I can do it alone. Your scooter is just ahead. I’ll ping you in the morning.’
‘I’m coming along.’
‘With your foot?’
‘Just pins and needles. No problem.’
She gave me a still rather grim, measuring look, and then said, ‘Right. Let’s find a place to park the buggy. We can do it and be home by ten. I’ll make us a late supper.’
‘I’m all in now, Di Ai,’ I replied with a smile. 
It was her turn to sigh, but she started up the buggy again.
We turned into the first drive we came across – probably The Pines – and pulled off to the side of the drive. She pulled out a satchel from under the seat, and drew out a gadget that sniffed out trackers to make sure neither we, nor the buggy had picked up a tracking device. We hadn’t. She donned a pair of night-sight glasses, and grabbing her satchel, we headed out, through the dark woods for Deer Forest Lodge, as rapidly as I could limp. Which, given the light gravity, meant that even circling around to approach the cave and shed from the top of the hill, could be accomplished in fifteen minutes. Di Ai spent several minutes studying the grounds from just beyond the security zone with a powerful far-sight glass. The lodge, ablaze in lights, was half a kilometer down the hill, but I didn’t see any of the guards about the grounds below us.
‘Looks clear,’ said Di Ai, putting down the far-sight glasses. ‘Cover me from the edge of the cliff. I don’t know how long I’ll be. Depends on what I find and how long it takes to get the evidence I’ll need to call in the Guards. And I may be out of com-link range depending on how deep it goes. Give me an hour before panicking.’
‘Make it half an hour. I’m hungry.’
‘I’ll keep that in mind,’ she said, handing me the far-sight glasses, and set off, keep low – a fluttering shadow.
No alarms sounded, so I followed, moving low and fast, since the vid feeds would show us if anyone was monitoring them closely. I lay down at the edge of the cliff while she hurried around to the front of the shed set against the rocks and disappeared from my sight. The drone survey had shown the locks to be mechanical, and she had a lock-picking device to speed her entry.
She was back out in twenty minutes. 
‘Let’s lift,’ she said sharply when she reached me, and didn’t wait for me. She stalked away, unconcerned about the surveillance vids.
I climbed to my feet and hurried after her. ‘What did you find?’
‘A  ---- ---- wine cellar,’ she replied. (I’ve edited out a few adjectives.)
‘You looked for hidden doors, didn’t you?’
‘Of course I did. I scanned every centimeter of the stone wall and floor. It’s a ---- ---- wine cellar.’
‘Not what you expected, I take it?’ I couldn’t keep myself from asking. An angry, cursing Di Ai was somehow refreshing.
‘I don’t need your Neb-blasted sarcasm.’ 
‘Right,’ I said mildly. But she saw me smiling, and increased her pace.
After limping behind her, in a series of long strides for a while, I said. ‘When you come to think about it, it would’ve been rather foolish on their part to build a hideout right on a cave, presumably stuffed with illegal goods, that would incriminate them, even in the Agrilea Co-op. Really, we (note the “we”) shouldn’t be all that surprised. It needed to be checked out, of course. But a negative result is not all that surprising.’
‘Your scooter is down that way,’ she said pointing down the hill.
‘Right. See you back at your place?’ I felt I needed to phrase that as a question.
She nodded.
‘And supper’s still on?’
She stopped, turned around to give me an angry, exasperated look.
‘One more word and you can write it off.’
I waved goodbye to her, and limped down the hill.



Chapter 10  Di Ai’s Mission



01
I waited by The Pines driveway until she drove the buggy out, and followed her buggy homewards. We turned on one of the winding roads that took us down through the wooded foothills – with the occasional glimpse of the silver sea rolling away the glowing eastern horizon – and then through the more gentle hills, the smaller woods of the farm country, with its fields a’waiting planting or grazing sheep. One by one, we passed the glowing gems of the farm houses under their arching trees. The air was crisp, cool, and scented by earth and woods, but even after only a week, not as crisp nor as cool as when I first arrived.
I followed Di Ai’s buggy into the narrow driveway. Stepping out, she turned to me said, ‘I’m so very sorry, d’Mere,’ even before I rolled to a stop behind the buggy.
‘No need to apologize for anything,’ I said cheerfully with the danger now behind us. I was about to add something along the lines of leaving the apology for the promised supper and a bottle of wine, but didn’t. She was very serious. For the first time.
‘You might’ve been killed because of me.’ 
‘Can’t think of a better reason. But I wasn’t, so don’t give it another thought.’
‘You rescued me – for real this time – and got darted in the process...’
‘My pleasure.’
‘Please. Stop being so dismissive. I’m serious. This was all another of my mistakes. I should’ve realized that the security system’s AI would recognize me from my previous visit. Even in the dark. Even very briefly. It didn’t occur to me, until your Tall Man mentioned it. I knew I was in trouble when he started talking about selling the lodge, but couldn’t see a way out except to try and convince them of my innocence by playing my cover role right to the end. There were too many of them to dart’em and run for it. Plus, I knew that you had made it in.  So I had a backup this time...’ she gave me a brief apologetic smile. 
‘Aye. After that, getting into the lodge was easy enough. Knowing what’s going on gives you a pretty clear advantage when you’ve a darter in hand.’
She shook her head. ‘I just don’t know when to give up. And yet after all you did to get me out, I made you go back with me to check out the stupid wine cellar.’
‘I volunteered.’ 
‘Say that again, and I’ll wring your neck.’
‘Right.’
‘And then, when it turned out to be a Neb-blasted wine cellar, I was angry with you, even though it wasn’t your fault.’
‘You were just disappointed by...’
‘Will you just let me say what I need to say!’
I nodded, and waved her on.
‘Now I have to apologize for that too. I should just stick to my desk…
I stepped closer to her in the twilight, and then lost my courage. Instead, I just said, ‘You don’t have to say anything more. You’ve apologized, and I’ve accepted it. To tell the truth, I was rather happy to see you angry and disappointed. You were always too cheerful, smiling, and undaunted in the midst of danger for my peace of mind. You’re more real to me, now. As for everything else, well, you know how I feel about you. I wouldn’t have wanted to be anywhere else tonight.’
She looked at me for a few moments. ‘But you do know how I...’
‘I do,’ I said before she could finish saying what I did know, but didn’t care to hear. ‘Attribute it all to your inspiring leadership style. The quality that the Patrol missed in you.’
 She smiled, a little sadly, I imagined, and said, ‘I believe I owe you supper.’
‘Ah, another leadership quality!’
‘And I also owe you an explanation for all of this. You are, after all a deep agent of Department 57, subsection 3, so I think you’re entitled to one after all the help you’ve been.’
‘I’d appreciate it,’ I replied honestly.

We made a simple supper of grilled sandwiches filled with faux cheese, meat, plus real onions, peppers and greens. I say we, in that I cut up the onion, the pepper and rinsed the greens. I had insisted.
‘After having breakfast with you the other day, I made a vow to myself that I was going to learn how to make food from real ingredients. Since I’m planning on staying on in Pine Cove and the Fix-it-all Shop for the next three seasons, I’m going to use the time to learn how to cook. It would be nice if you could teach me, if you’re planning on staying around.’
‘You’ll want a better teacher than me,’ she laughed, cheerful once again.
I wanted to say, “I wouldn’t,” but didn’t. Instead I said, ‘Well, it’d be more fun if you were my teacher.’
But she was having nothing of that. ‘I’m here on a mission, d’Mere. I’ve suffered a minor setback, but there’s still much to be done. Besides, I’m sure you’ll find some nice, local girl willing to domesticate you.’
‘You know I won’t. Too restless.’
‘And too kind hearted.’
‘Soft-headed,’ I said with a smile.



02
After supper and as we finished the bottle of wine, she told me of her mission.
‘Seven standard months ago, trouble broke out on the little world of Carteema. Carteena is a minor world that was developed and once owned by two corporations who divided the world in half between them. The corporations have long since faded into history, leaving two societies that have always been rivals, a heritage of their corporate origins. It seems that one of the leaders decided to settle the age old rivalry once and for all, and purchased a large lot of very illegal weapons to do so. Military grade weapons. Items like anti-mentor missiles and launchers repurposed as battlefield weapons, smaller versions that could be mounted on fliers, plus several hundred long range 10mm plasma shell rifles and a thousand 4mm hand darters. He was going to war.
‘Carteema is in the VanTre Patrol station’s sector. Our agents learned of this plot within two weeks of the weapons being delivered, before the war could be launched. We were, still, unable to capture any key people who still had their memories intact. We did identify a known operative connected to the Seven Syndicate, and we could trace witnesses who pinned down the date of delivery within a few days.
‘I was assigned to trace the weapons back to their source,’ she said with a shrug and a smile. ‘I don’t think my superior officer was doing me a favor. You’ve suggested that I have an enemy in the Patrol. I won’t go that far, but I will say that my working relationship with my superior officer has never been all that cordial. I suspect that I was given this assignment to fail.
‘For you see, the planetary Patrol outpost recorded 21 ships in Carteema orbit during the window when the weapons would've been landed. And of those 21, 15 were traders with ties to, plus a record of, recent trading with drift worlds beyond the Alantzia system. The possibility of finding the source of the weapons originating from beyond the Alantzia system would be very remote, and largely useless. But I was ordered to do so. So I set about doing it.
 ‘I began by inspecting the weapons. Being illegal, and given the fact that any illegal arms dealer would have no issues using the branding of a superior product for their copies, none of the weapon types were branded. And, of course, they didn’t have serial numbers either. However, they did include components that were manufactured in the Unity which did have the manufacturer’s name and serial numbers. I selected the most easily accessible components in each weapons class and recorded their serial numbers. And lo! In two of the weapons classes, I found sets of sequential serial numbers that could only have occurred if all the weapons in that class were manufactured in one facility sequentially. This was not a collection of illegal weapons gathered together over the course of years. The weapons appeared to be one lot obtained directly from the manufacturer, or middleman. The condition of the weapons themselves, suggested they were new as well.
‘My next step was to trace the components I had identified back to their manufacturer to find out when they were produced, and who purchased them. This took several months, since the manufacturers were out of the Alantzia system and my requests were probably not a high priority for either the Patrol or the manufacturers. However, when the results trickled back, I discovered that the components had all been produced around seven thousand years ago. And all had been purchased by Alantzian wholesalers, though only one was still in business. That company kindly searched their records and reported that the parts had been sold to a Fairwaine firm, long since out of business. 
‘While none of this ruled out the parts being resold into the drift, the fact that none of these parts had been sold directly to firms in the drifts, was suggestive. But there that trail ended. I had, in the meanwhile, been investigating the various ships in orbit. Curiously enough, three of the ships in Carteema’s orbit had called on Fairwaine within a month of calling on Carteema. So I had two links to Fairwaine. 
‘One of those three ships was the Tzaritsa Moon. On one hand, she seemed the least likely, since she was the largest, and the most respectable of the three planet traders. She was owned by a fairly large shipping company and did not have any black marks against her in our records, something that could not be said for the other two. However, digging deeper, I noted that she had a relief crew for that voyage. The regular crew were all on holiday. I found that curious. 
‘I tapped into the records of the Fairwaine Patrol Station, and discovered that the Tzaritsa Moon’s launch had made six round trips to Kartarn Crater. This appeared to be unusual, since the company’s agent is located in Still Crater. I calculated that it would take at least three trips in the launch to have secretly brought the arms on board avoiding cargo control procedures. Records of the other two ships revealed customary habits from previous visits. So, in my mind, it seemed likely that the Tzaritsa Moon was the smuggler, and the arms came from Fairwaine rather than the drifts. But I needed another link to make my case.
‘For that I went back into the Patrol archives. And since I knew the manufacturing and sales dates of the components I was tracing, I searched forward from that date, looking for other illegal arms incidents. The Alantzia was much wilder then than it is now, and such incidents were far more common. I discovered that we had a watch on one Fen Dow Staffing Company of Kartarn. While it operated openly as a legitimate staffing company, it was rumored to have an unacknowledged illegal subsidiary known as Bright Dark Solutions, who, rumor had it, provided mercenary services to one and all. And probably supplied arms as well.
‘The “one and all” philosophy of Bright Dark Solutions seemed to have been their undoing. Between fifty and a hundred years after the parts in question were manufactured, the Fen Dow Staffing complex was attacked and destroyed by forces unknown. Fairwaine was still in the early stages of being terraformed at that time. It was still a dome and vacuum moon, and Fen Dow was a domed complex in a small crater some 30 kilometers out of Kartarn Crater proper. So the raid was carried out before the Unity Guards in Prime even learned of it.
‘From the subsequent reports, it appears that Fen Dow had made a lot of enemies over the years by their willingness to supply mercenaries and arms to anyone who would pay, even if they were to be used against former Bright Dark customers. It seems that one very powerful former customer, took great offense at that attitude, and struck back after an attempted coup supplied by Bright Dark failed. 
‘Now here’s the cherry on the cake. It was rumored at the time that, though Fen Dow was looted, the secret armory of Fen Dow’s Bright Dark Solutions subsidiary was never located. It was said to be a separate and secret operation, which rumors placed somewhere in the Chartierra Mountains.
‘While I can’t rule out the drift traders, I now had hard evidence that pointed to the Tzaritsa Moon, and Fairwaine. And we knew that the Seven Syndicate, with its headquarters here on Fairwaine, was involved, as well. It all seemed to tie together. I believed that I had something that was actionable. I felt that I had a case for investigating the Tzaritsa Moon’s log, and possible connections to her and agencies in Kartarn with suspected ties to the Seven Syndicate.
‘Because it is generally assumed that the local criminal syndicate has, to one degree or another, infiltrated the local Patrol station, it’s common practice, when investigating powerful criminal syndicates, for those investigations to be conducted by a Patrol Command in a sector where the local criminal syndicate is known to be on unfriendly terms with the syndicate under investigation. In this way, any potential leaks will go no further than the local pirate prince, who is usually quite happy to see a rival fins up.
‘So when I presented my research and requests for field work, my superior said that the VanTre Patrol office should be the one that conducts the investigation on Fairwaine. And since it was my project, and should involve nothing more than acquiring the log of the Tzaritsa Moon at some point and doing some more research into the fate of Fen Dow and Bright Black, I might as well continue working on it. He didn’t think a covert team was necessary. And one wasn’t available, anyway. I had researched the trade pattern of the Tzaritsa Moon, and mentioned that if I jumped on a fast freighter, I could intercept the Tzaritsa Moon on Fairwaine, saving me time and effort and the Patrol credits by combining the two lines of investigation. He was kind enough to order a covert operations equipped Starsprite shipped to Fairwaine for my use, since I was qualified to pilot one. And you know the rest of the story.’
‘Why didn’t you just request to inspect the log of the Tzaritsa Moon upon its arrival? The Patrol can do that at any time.’
‘The request would have to go through the local Patrol station, and thus, run the risk of tipping off the Seven Syndicate. Lifting the log from the launch should’ve been quick and easy. Those black hole entries shoved a spanner in my plans.’
‘Still, from where I’m sitting, following me and the gang, seems to have been a wee bit outside of your brief.’
She smiled. ‘Maybe. But again, at the beginning I was just remotely monitoring suspicious activity. Nothing particularly covert about that. Merely field research, really. And really the same thing could be said for our mapping of Deer Forest Lodge. Not quite desk work, but pretty routine field research.’
She held up her hand to forestall my objection.
‘I will admit that tonight, I went over the edge. But I felt that the stakes demanded it. If I could’ve discovered the entryway to the lost armory of Bright Dark, going over the edge would’ve been worth it. And that is why I was so angry when it didn’t pan out. I was angry at myself for getting carried away with my brilliance, and almost getting you mind-wiped or killed for nothing.’
‘And yourself, as well.’
‘But I would’ve deserved it.’
‘So what is the plan now?’
‘You were right about how stupid it would be to be linked to an illegal armory unless you could prove to be entirely innocent. I still believe that the armory is hidden in those hills. The other side of the Chartierra Mountain seems too developed for the cave to have remained undiscovered on that side. Plus, most of the traffic on that side is via fliers, which is monitored. Which suggested that moving the weapons from the cave, if it existed, would’ve left tracks and a trail. I did look, briefly, for such a trail to Kartarn, tracking the Kartarn & Agrilea Transport fliers – the company that supplied the van that carried you here, but I couldn’t find any landings outside of legitimate warehouses that their fliers served. 
‘On the other hand, they operate daily lorry trips between Kartarn and the Co-op, hauling farm produce and grain out of the Co-op. It would be easy enough to put a few crates of weapons under several tons of grain. There is little or no routine inspection of the produce. They just record type and tonnage for tax purposes. So that would be an easy avenue for moving illegal weapons out of the Co-op. And when you factor in the fact that these hills are old, densely wooded and very sparsely populated, I have to believe that the cave entrance is to be found somewhere up in those hills. Most likely within 30 kilometer of Deer Forest Lodge; somewhere conveniently close, and yet remote enough to be unconnected to it. I intend to find it.’
‘That may take a while. Do you have any time limit?’
‘The last time I reported, I was given all the time I needed.  My superior seems to be content to keep me out of the office.’
‘Giving you enough rope to hang yourself.’
‘We’ll see about that,’ she said smugly.
‘I’m not complaining,’ I replied, hastily. ‘Take all the time you need, as far as I’m concerned.  I’ll be here for the next three seasons – half a year – and I can stay longer. So by all means, search every square meter of those hills. We’ll both have work to do, but we can’t be expected to work all the time. We’ll have plenty of free time as well. And I’ve been assured that summer on the Carlopian coast is a wonderful whirlwind of old time, throwback fun – sailing, frolicking on the beach, swimming at the lido, picnics, Vilwaine light boat rides, games, and all sorts of amusements to be had. Oh it will be grand!’
‘I’m here on business,’ she said, rather coolly.
‘Of course you are. So am I. That’s the beauty of it. We can do our jobs, but once off the clock, we can enjoy life without feeling guilty.  So, what are you doing this coming fifthday? We should make plans.’ I was only half serious, but I was half serious.
‘The wine’s gone to your head, d’Mere.’
Di Ai had gone to my head. But I dare not say that.
‘It has not. Think about it. It’ll likely take you months to search the hills and forests even within 30 kilometers of Deer Forest Lodge, and that’s just a guess on your part. Think of it this way. It’ll give you plenty of time to grow weary of me, making our eventual parting all that much easier.’
‘I’m growing weary of you already. Go home. You’ve got to go to work tomorrow.’
‘Yes, sir. You’re right, sir,’ I said rising, adding in a more serious tone, ‘And you might want to move out and change your name first thing tomorrow. There’s going to be quite a few headaches up at Deer Forest Lodge, and revenge might be their first priority. Let me know where to find you.’
‘Yes, yes. Go. I’ve got a lot to think about.’
‘Good night, Di Ai.’
‘Good night, d’Mere,’ she replied absently. But as I opened the door in the hall to leave, she turned and added, ‘And thank you, Rafe. For everything.’
‘My pleasure, Vaun,’ I replied, and once again, left rather unwillingly.



Chapter 11  No Rest for the Wicked



01
I got to bed before midnight and awoke before six to a new, bright day. Having survived the raid on Deer Forest Lodge, and seeing no hint of anything like that again, I was in a bright and cheerful mood when I arrived at the Pine Cove Bakery and Diner for breakfast with the gang. So much so that Cely joked that I must be in love. 
I lied and said that ‘If I am, it must be with Pine Cove.’
‘So you say. Just wait. The young people will start arriving tomorrow and by next week, the boarding houses and cottages will be filled with the summer people, everyone out to have a memorable time. Most only a week or two, but some are here for the season. Don’t be surprised if you do fall in love. Several times over the season.’
‘Is this the voice of experience speaking?’
‘By the moons of Mara, don’t I wish. Too old. Too set in my ways. And too wise, unfortunately. Be young and foolish while you can.’
‘Are you planning on staying on?’ asked the Skipper, my neighbor on the other side.
‘If you’ll have me.’
‘Tell you what. I’d like to spend two weeks in Prime. What if I lift tonight on the evening train and you take over for the next two weeks, as your final trial period. If the Fix-it-all Shop is still in business, and you’re still up for the job, I’ll then take my three season leave. Fair enough?’
‘Sounds like a plan to me. I’m in no hurry to go anywhere. So it must be love, hey?’

I went on two farm calls in the morning while the Skipper was making a couple of last minute boarding house calls. I spent the afternoon along the shore, repairing a stove, a refrigerator unit, and a clothes washer in several cottages that had been closed in the off season. As customary, repairs had been put off until new revenue was in the offing.
The Skipper spent the afternoon packing for the trip, and packing away her personal effects so that I could, if I cared to, move into the upstairs apartment once she was on her long leave.
‘Right. Here’s your orders, d’Mere.  First, trust Mactavish completely. He knows everything to know about the Fix-it-all Shop business, and how to repair anything that will come into the shop. He’s seen just about everything during his time here in the shop. You just concern yourself with fixing things and being pleasant to our customers. Leave the business end to Mactavish. If people want to make deals, can’t pay bills, or whatever, do what he says. In short, he’s the boss. Promise me that, and I won’t have a worry in the Neb.’
‘I promise, Captain Mor. I’m more than comfortable leaving everything to Mactavish.
‘Second, believe it or not, we actually have a walk-in trade during the summer. There are boxes of assorted authentic Co-op retro gadgets from clocks and watches to supercapacitor powered cooking pans and such. Mactavish will be getting them out and setting up the displays in the next few days. You’ll find our repair business to be generally slow, though you’ll be seeing a lot of the Grand Hotel, as they have fifty modern robots, plus room climate units, and such that breakdown fairly regularly. Don’t put off any job. Take care of all of them quickly, since our reputation for quick and reliable work is critical to the business. Consider yourself on call around the clock, since every call will be for a critical machine during the season, as everything not critical gets pushed off to the off season, like all those appliances you worked on. I expect that you will also put some time in manning the store here when you’re not on a call. Mactavish can do it, of course, but the human touch, especially with the tourists, makes a much better impression, and more sales. Remember, your job is to keep the Fix-it-all in business while I’m off. Making repairs and selling gadgets to the summer people is how you do that.’
‘Right. Got it, Chief.’
She gave me a hard look. ‘I’ll be lifting then.’ 
‘Enjoy your holiday.’
‘I may not bother to return here, if you say that you’re staying on. Mactavish will keep me informed. So this may be fair orbits for six months.’
‘Right. Lift Captain. Fair orbits!’
She lifted rather reluctantly, I thought. Perhaps because she could see that I felt remarkably little apprehension about taking over the Fix-it-all Shop. I wasn’t taking the job lightly, but rather I knew that in many ways, I was merely window dressing. A sentient machine like Mactavish could work around the clock for decades. Despite his disclaimer about being a shopkeeper, he could do any job I could, in half the time it took me. But then, that ability was, in the end, what sent the sentient machines to the inner drift – they made humans obsolete. That and the fact that most, but not all of them, decided that they didn’t care to be slaves. Fair enough.
The other factor was that I didn’t feel any need to hide any activities that involved Di Ai from Mactavish. The sentient machines of the great old houses of Neuholm and the First Worlds, were the definition of discreteness. At least regarding humans. What the machines shared between themselves…  Well, they were discreet about that as well.
I had hoped to have dinner with Di Ai, but I couldn’t get hold of her. She must have been out of range of a com terminal when I tried. I hoped that she had taken my advice and retired Layreen Chi and moved from the Clear Harbor cottage. While I had to believe that the Deer Forest Lodge people had more pressing matters to attend to, given our raid, you never know.
She called after eight and said that she’d had a busy day. She’d found a new place to stay for the coming week, in Summer Bay, and had begun to search for the lost armory.
‘I only work half a day tomorrow,’ I said. ‘Let’s get together.’
‘I’m not on your schedule.’
 ‘Well, it’ll be a dark day, no good for cave hunting. Plus everything will be open for the season in Pine Cove by tomorrow. We should check it out before the full horde of summer people arrive. Blast it, Di Ai, you’ve earned a day or two off.’
‘I’ll call you tomorrow.’
‘Early, so we can make plans.’
‘Tomorrow, d’Mere. Bye.’
‘Bye...’ But she had already disconnected me. There was a hard woman behind all those smiles, I decided.



02
Rain came during the night, and it was still raining when I awoke to a dark day. Nor had it stopped when I hurried out into the darkness bound for the Cove Bakery and Diner. The arching trees along Harbor Street plunked down big drops on my new green hat, as I hurried along, huddled under that hat and my waterproof downside jacket. I pushed through the door of Cove Bakery and Diner into its fragrant warmth. 
‘A rather sparse crowd, this morning, Bess,’ I said as I shook off the rain drops from my hat and jacket and looked down the neat rows of tables to our customary one near the back. I could see only Cely, and another of the gang at the table.
‘The quiet before the storm, Rafe,’ she replied. Bess was a “she.” I had made it a point to inquire as to the assumed sex, if any, of the humanoid machines as I met them. ‘One of our ovens is showing an error code, so Majar asked me to request that you look in after breakfast. We’ll need it for tomorrow, if that’s possible.’
‘I’ll look at it now, and see what it says. I can get Mac working on a part, if the error code is specific enough.’
‘I pinged Mac with the code, but he said that you should have a look at it yourself,’ she replied. And leaning closer she said in a mock conspiratorial whisper, ‘That’s how the game is played.’
I smiled, and leaned close myself, ‘And that’s why you’re serving customers their buns, bread and sweet rolls, plus helping the cook, my dear. The game was getting a little too uncomfortable for a lot of people back in the old days. I’ll have a quick look at the oven now while my breakfast is on the grill.’
I slipped around behind the counter and found my way to the hot bake room, telling Vera that I’d have my usual, a slightly edited version of Cely’s usual, as I passed her. The error code simply told me there was a broken circuit in a line of heating elements. I’d have to pull it to find where and what to replace – which is what Mactavish told me when I pinged him myself.
‘I’ll be back after breakfast to pull it and see what we need,’ I told Majar. ‘By the way, do you ever need a cook’s helper?’
‘Thinking of a second job already?’ he asked. 
‘Not as a job, but as a student. I’ve decided to learn how to cook and bake real food. I’m thinking of learning what I can from the expert chefs that I understand Pine Cove has to offer.’
‘You might want to make that an off season project. We’ll all be too busy over the next dozen weeks to have some useless person underfoot – no offense meant.’
‘None taken. You’ll be that busy?’
‘Just wait. By next week Pine Cove will be hopping. And we all have to keep hopping to keep our customers coming back.’
‘Well, I’ll be around for at least one off season, so perhaps then. I may have enough points saved to pay for some lessons.’
‘That would be another story, Rafe. But in the off season.’
‘Where’s everyone today?’ I asked as I took my seat around the table. 
‘First day jitters. With the first batch of summer people arriving on the 9:50, with extra coaches, everything has to be ready. No time today for a leisurely breakfast,’ replied Cely. ‘First day on your own. Any jitters yourself?’
‘None so far. I’m rather looking forward to being my own semi-boss. I gather that I don’t have much to worry about as long as Mactavish is up and running. Nothing like hot spots on a plasma injector tube.’

I returned to the Cove Bakery and Diner to fix the oven which took until nine, and I had two other jobs in town that filled the rest of the morning. Tried pinging Di Ai, but she was out of range of a com terminal again. The rain had let up and High Street was bright and shimmering with the lights of every shop now open. The first of the summer people were out and about exploring, or reacquainting themselves with the arcades and restaurants when I walked down the street to get a bite to eat. I actually had to wait in line for the pocket sandwiches. With nothing better to do, I took my Crimson Comet 33xz up to the shop to repair the small pit the discharging plasma dart had put in it and polish off flash marks it had left.
Feeling rather abandoned, despite the crowds, I showed Mactavish all my intricate work, including my hidden darter. He seemed impressed, but then he’d been originally programmed to be polite. As I said, one could trust sentient machines, especially illegal ones, to be discreet.



03
Di Ai pinged me late in the afternoon, as I was putting the finishing touches on the Crimson Comet. ‘I’m in Pine Cove. Where can I find you?’ she asked without any polite preamble.
‘Why, hello, Di Ai. I’m at the shop, the northeast end of High Street, just before you leave town.’
‘Are you alone?’
‘Just me and Mactavish.’
‘Mactavish?’
‘The robotic shopkeeper.’
‘Right. I’ll be there in a moment,’ she said, and disconnected.
I walked into our brightly lit little showroom with Mactavish standing behind the counter like a statue. We had no customers, and hadn’t all day. ‘My friend, that Patrol agent I told you about, is on her way here.’
‘Yes, sir,’ he said blandly.
‘That’s the spirit,’ I said. And a moment or two later, the headlights of Di Ai’s buggy swept the front showroom as she swung the buggy around to park in front of the shop. I watched as she sprang from the car and hurried across the pavement before the shop.
I greeted her at the door. ‘This is a pleasant surprise, Di Ai.’
She hurried past me, and quickly surveyed the empty shop, before turning to me to announce with a broad smile, ‘I found it!’ 
‘What?’ 
‘The cave, of course! What else was I looking for?’ she exclaimed. ‘The lost Bright Dark armory!’
‘You couldn’t have,’ I blurted out. She was to spend months in the Co-op looking for it. She couldn’t have actually found it in a day.
‘Well, I did,’ she laughed, beaming proudly at me.
‘How?’ I asked, reduced to one word questions faced with her whirlwind appearance and announcement.
She tapped her forehead. ‘By using this,’ and stood beaming happily at me. ‘Why, you seem surprised. I should be insulted.’
‘Yes… No… Oh, just tell me all about it.’
‘Are we alone?’
‘Just you and me, and Mactavish over there. The owner has left for a couple of weeks leave in Prime.  We can go back to my work room and sit around to talk about it.’
‘Oh, I’m too happy, too excited, to just sit and talk.’
That was plain enough.
‘I’m here to collect you for a first person inspection. I’ve only seen it via my drone. I need to see it first hand to collect the evidence I need to act. I promised you not to do anything without a backup. So here I am. Can you get away?’
‘Sure. It’s my half-day. Mactavish is manning the shop. I’m just here to work on my model. So I’m at your disposal. But tell me what you discovered – and how you did it so Neb blasted fast.’
She smiled. ‘Sorry, d’Mere...’ She wasn’t. At least not at this moment. ‘I gathered that you had great plans for us. But I’m on a mission. And I need to put my best effort towards it. As it turned out, I’m pretty good...’ she added with a smile and an apologetic shrug.
‘So it seems. How did you find it so fast?’ I asked again.
She started to pace the narrow aisle before the counter. ‘As you know, I had my theory. First, that the armory was located in the Chartierra Mountains, and on this side of them. Secondly, they used Kartarn & Agrilea Transport Co. grain lorries to smuggle the crates across the Agrilean border to Kartarn Republic. So, the question was, how did they get the weapons – we’re talking about nearly a quarter-container’s worth of weapons – from the hidden armory – presumably somewhere in the forested hills of Agrilea – to the trucking company? 
‘It was unlikely that there’d be a driveway to the armory. So either the large trucks were driven through the woods to the site to be loaded, or, much more likely, the arms were brought down from the cave using moon buggies. Given the size of the shipment, and depending on the size of the buggies, it would’ve taken at least several dozen round trips of cargo buggies to bring them down to one of the forest roads.  After that, they’d either drive the buggies to some warehouse to be stored until smuggled out of Agrilea, or transferred to a lorry waiting for them on the road. In either case, all that travel through the forest would’ve left wheel tracks on the forest floor. Deep enough tracks that I didn’t think they would’ve disappeared, even over seven months. Plus, there’s the possibility that other, undetected shipments have been made as well, either before or after the one we intercepted.
‘I realized that I needn’t look for the cave, but for the trail leading to it. Looking back on my Deer Forest Lodge survey, I found no evidence of any such trail, so I eliminated the lodge as the exit point. That meant that I needed to search for the point where the weapons left the forest for one of the mountain roads. There are only those two that run north and south along the slope. There are, of course, many more running down the hills, but they’re steep and twisty. I couldn’t rule them out, but I gave them a low priority. I had to assume that they would try to cover their tracks alongside the roads, but if I ran a drone, say fifty meters in on either side of the road, I’d probably catch sight of the trail, and then could follow it back to its source.
‘Still, that left me hundreds of kilometers of roads to survey. I needed to edit that down. So I got to thinking. I realized that at the time the armory was in operation, there were no trees to hide it from above. Fairwaine was still a dome and vacuum moon, so that any secret facility would need to be well hidden from casual orbital observation. They’d want their facility not only hidden, but the landing and loading areas as well. Likely in the shadows of a deep canyon or volcanic vent hole. In short, in very rugged terrain. 
‘There are hundreds of narrow canyons and ravines running down the mountains, so that still presented a problem. However, since the cave and landing area seem to have been only recently discovered, it was likely in a very remote area.
‘I can’t say how it was discovered, or how recently, but I knew from previous research that only a few captured weapons whose serial numbers indicated that they came from the same facility had turned up in the last seven thousand years. And they had likely been in circulation since they were new, so that the discovery was likely very recent.
‘However, since the hills, though sparsely populated, have been used for recreation for at least three thousand years, it would seem that the facility had to have been very well hidden and very remote. Which suggested that I should concentrate on large plots of rugged ground without lodges and chalets. And perhaps plots that have changed hands over the last decade or two. I was planning to research that issue come firstday, when the government offices would be open. However, as it turns out, it wasn’t necessary.
‘I spent yesterday, and this morning, driving along the sections of the upper road that bordered half a dozen large plots of land with the requisite rugged terrain and deep canyons in them. I’d stop and fly my drone fifty meters off the road, through the woods to its extreme range and back again along the other side. It was dark, of course, but the drones' visual and radar sensors are sensitive enough to pick up the level of forest floor disturbance the passage of dozens of buggies would make in it. And just before noon today, it found the wheel tracks of multiple buggies leading up from the road through a wide ravine or narrow stream valley. I’m no expert, but the tracks were clear enough to indicate that someone had driven up along that stream many times. And, mind you, they also took the time and trouble to hide evidence of that from the road by raking leaves over the tracks. All of which made me certain that I’d found what I was looking for. 
‘The tire tracks stretched up the stream ravine, beyond the range of my drone from the road.  I didn’t want to take the chance that I’d be discovered, if the tracks did indicate recent activity, so I drove the buggy into the woods further up the road, and with my drone ranging on ahead, followed the tire tracks on foot. Close up, I thought that at least some of the tracks looked fairly recent, say within the last week. We may’ve frightened them into moving their inventory. Which is why we must act swiftly and hopefully close it down before they do.
‘Anyway, I must have walked half an hour before the drone reached the end of the tracks. They ended near a large sunken hole, perhaps an old volcanic vent, something like 15 to 20 meters deep and some 50 to 60 meters round, surrounded by stone cliffs. The stream fell into a series of small pools that meandered through the grass and rock-strewn hollow before exiting through a narrow ravine on the downhill side. Since I was operating the drone at extreme range, I feared that if I piloted the drone down into the hollow, I’d lose radio contact and control, so I can’t say exactly how things look from the bottom of the hollow. But from what I could see from above, there appears to be a dark hollow in the cliff wall along one side. Large enough to hide a ship’s launch under the overhang.’
She looked at me with bright eyes. ‘Of course, I desperately wanted to take a look myself. but I like to think that I learn from experience. And so, I felt that I should collect my backup partner just to play it safe. I hope you are proud of me. So here I am.’
‘I am proud of you. I’m sure it was a hard choice. But a lot depends on word getting out, so it is better to play it safe than sorry.’
‘Well, I owed it to you, after the other evening. However, don’t feel obliged to return with me. I’m not planning on doing anything foolish – just a quick look around. If I’m right this time, and it’s not a wine cellar, there should be an airlock entrance in that hollow in the cliff.  All I need to do is to confirm that with a vid. So you see, nothing dangerous. But I felt I owed you the chance to make the discovery with me. It will no doubt be a feather in your cap when you report to your superiors,’ she added with a laugh to tell me that she didn’t take my story of Department 57-3 seriously.
‘I appreciate that. So what’s our plan?’
‘All I intend to do is to prove the existence of an airlock in the hollow. I believe that I can take that, and all my research to the Co-op’s regional constabulary office to get them to send a team up to investigate my discovery. Nothing more. To call in the Guard from Prime, I would need absolute proof of an illegal arms armory, which would be vid evidence of not only the facility, but of the presence of illegal arms. I think getting the constabulary involved would be enough. And safer, too,’  she added. ‘I’m all for safety.’
‘Wouldn’t it be better to wait until tomorrow, when it will be bright?’
‘You forget how recent the tracks appear to be. And the time to get the constabulary team moving. If they’re moving the weapons, we need to act swiftly.’
‘Right. When do we lift?’
‘Now. As soon as you’re appropriately dressed.’
‘How about dinner first? I know that it’s a little early...’
She gave me a disdaining look. ‘If you don’t watch yourself, d’Mere, you’ll end up very round.’ She puffed up her cheeks and arched her arms to indicate a large man.  ‘We’ll work up an appetite first. You’re free to leave aren’t you?’
‘Yes. Mactavish looks after the store.’
‘Then let’s lift, mate. We’re this close to wrapping up the mystery of the Tzaritsa Moon,’ she said, cheerfully holding up two fingers together.
I gave Mactavish a resigned smile and a shrug as I left.



Chapter 12  The Final Fight and Flight



01
We rolled to a stop in the deep darkness under the arching trees of the ancient forest.
‘I put a surveillance pod here...’ muttered Di Ai, consulting her com-link. ‘No activity. Now the question is, do we hike up the hill, or take the buggy up?  If we take the buggy in, we run the slight risk of their return, which would likely block our way out, meaning we’d have to escape on foot. If we drive we can get in and out in not much more than half an hour.’
‘If we walk up, and back, we could easily avoid detection should they arrive at any point, but it would add an hour to our time frame. What do you say? Your call.’
I shrugged. ‘It’s a coin flip, but I’m leaning toward getting in and out fast.’
‘And the sooner you can get to your dinner.’
‘That’s unfair, Di Ai. I wasn’t thinking about that at all.’  I was now, though. ‘If you’d rather hike in, that’s fine with me. Whatever you want.’
‘Come now, d’Mere. I’m giving you, the experienced contraband control officer…’
‘Tech, not an officer.’
‘… Right. The contraband control tech makes the call on this one.’
‘I suppose we can drive up. We can always take to the woods on foot if company arrives and we have to abandon the buggy.’
‘It’d be a very long walk home, and a very late dinner, if they should show up.’
‘True. Maybe we should ditch the buggy and hike in...’
‘Please, make up your mind. Time’s wasting.’
‘Humm… How about, we do whatever you want to do?
‘Thanks for you helpful input.’
 ‘Now you know why I was a tech, and not an officer.’
‘Right. We’ll drive up,’ she said, turning off the buggy’s headlights, and pulling out her night-sight glasses. I did the same.
‘Let’s do it.’
 She swung the buggy off the road and up the hill, quickly finding the wheel tracks leading up the hillside. The track ran on sloping ground between a rugged rock faced escarpment, on our left, and the steep and boulder strewn stream on our right. Another low escarpment followed the stream on its far side. Spindly bushes and briers brushed the sides of the buggy as we twisted around tree trunks and rock outcroppings. I had to cling to the convenient handles on the door and dashboard as we rolled and tossed our way over fallen tree limbs and the smaller boulders. Nevertheless, the moon buggy handled the terrain with ease, if not comfort. It had been designed and perfected to travel across low gravity worlds without roads.
 Indeed, moon buggies are the universal land transport on every low grav world in the Nine Star Nebula. Its design had been perfected tens of thousands of years ago, and petrified into a single standard series of designs on all the worlds of the Unity – like just about every other mechanical and technological invention of the Unity. They’re simple machines – motors in the hub of its wheels, powered by a central micro-reactor power unit. Our version had a boxy compartment built on the standard, high clearance frame with a substantial metal bumper forward, a row of headlights and a similar bumper aft. The compartment had a right side steering wheel, with two bench seats for six passengers, with belts to keep them from hitting their head on the roof or windshield as it bounded along. Our model had a storage compartment aft, but some models included a third row of seats
‘We’ll park the buggy above and beyond the hollow, hopefully out of sight of any unexpected visitors. To reach the bottom of the hollow and cave, we can either climb down the walls. There seemed to be enough roots and cracks in the rock face to do so, fairly easily. Or we can walk around and enter where the stream flows out. There is a narrow footpath along its banks,’ she said as she steered us through the dark maze. ‘Any preference?’
‘I’d rather walk in than fall in.’ 
‘You know, d’Mere, you’re not the most reassuring backup,’ she said with a sidelong glance.
‘I thought that you were just asking for my preference.’
‘Right. We’ll walk in, and hope you don’t twist your ankle, or something along the way.’
‘You’re being awful mean to me today, Di AI.’
She grinned. ‘Just playing my part as the wisecracking, Neb-may-care-I-don’t hero.’
 ‘I seem to recall that it was the Neb-may-care-I-don’t hero’s sidekick who did the wisecracks.’
‘Well, you’re rather falling short in that category as well, d’Mere.’
‘I give up…. Hey watch where you’re driving!’ as we bounced over a rotting tree stump.
She just laughed.  ‘Maybe. In any event. All we do is get into the hollow, get the vid evidence showing that there’s a secret door in that hollow, and get out. I’ll drop you off back at the shop, and drive on to Carlora to demand an interview with the highest Constabulary officer I can snag and lay out my research and evidence.’
‘Hey, where does dinner fit in?’
‘I never promised you dinner.’
I guess she hadn’t.
‘Anyway, once I’ve sold them on investigating my find, it’s out of my hands. I’m once more a simple Intelligence Analyst Level 2. I’m going to push for a promotion if this pans out.’
‘Good luck. We’re talking about the Patrol here. You need to put in your time as well.’
‘You’re just saying that because you don’t like the Patrol.’
‘I’m saying it because it’s true. Plus, you’re forgetting that everything you’ve done on Fairwaine has not been in accordance with regulations. Well, not without me as backup. You’d better expect to find yourself answering some very pointed questions in front of your station’s senior officers. And don’t expect the superior that let you loose to back you up. It will all be a great misunderstanding – on your part.’
‘Yes, yes, you’ve told me that already. Don’t be so negative, d’Mere. I don’t think one hitch qualifies you as an expert.’ 
‘It doesn’t. But, as I said, I grew up with very ambitious parents. You can pick up a lot about how the service operates over the course of twenty years of dinner table talk.’
‘Now you’re just trying to impress a little IA2 from the back-world of Constina.’
‘And failing. Just remember, Di Ai, that if they drum you out of the service, you’ve got a shoulder to cry on, in Rafe d’Mere. I hope they don’t, for your sake. But I’d not shed a tear if they did.’
‘Don’t underestimate me, Rafe d’Mere,’ she said, giving me a rare serious glance.
‘I don’t. I’ll not say anything more.’
After a while she said, ‘It would’ve been nice to spend some time here.’ Adding rather hastily, ‘It reminds me of our country cottage back home on Constina.’
‘They have throwback societies on Constina itself?’ I was determined to do what I knew was right in the long run, and not bring up my feelings for her again, even though it felt wrong.
‘Of course not. Constina is a Unity world, not a moon. I told you already that our cities are as modern as any in the Unity, if not as large as those on the First Worlds. Still,  two hours out of the city by flier and the countryside, and life is a lot like it is here, in the Co-op.’
She turned to me and added, ‘But, I’m not here on leave. I have to justify my time and expenses. It couldn’t turn a blind eye to what I discovered. Time is of the essence.’
‘Even an hour for dinner?’
‘Not even for dinner,’ she replied, a little sadly, I thought.
We let whatever we were trying to say end there.
It took us fifteen minutes or so of winding our way up the stone-walled ravine to reach the hollow. She pointed it out as we passed it, and then swung around above it to park alongside the cliff, half hidden in bushes.
We stepped out into a dark, silent world. The dark forest was black and cool blue-grey in our night-sight glasses. The air was mild and spicy with the scent of moist leaves and needles. Thankfully, we seemed to have it all to ourselves. And yet, I felt an undercurrent of unease. I didn’t really want to be here. And I didn’t want my association with Di Ai to be over after we got back. As I knew it would be.
‘This way. We have to backtrack a bit to get to the footpath,’ she whispered, for no real reason, save that this was another covert operation. 
I followed her down the slope to where the stream flowed out of the hollow, crystal clear, over tumbling rocks. There was a narrow footpath snaking around the boulders that followed the stream into the narrow ravine.
‘Footprints,’ she whispered, pointing to the prints in the black mud. 
‘Maybe since last night’s rain. Let’s get in, and get out. We don’t want trouble, do we?’
Despite her bantering tone, I had a feeling that she shared something of my unease.
We pushed on, single file with Di Ai at the lead. The walls of the ravine rose high above us, all but meeting overhead. It would’ve been pitch black in the passage, if not for our night-sight glasses and with them, it was deep twilight. We followed the faint light coming from ahead. Two minutes of twisting and climbing over and around boulders brought us to the rock-strewn hollow. Its rock walls were cracked, creased, and laced with vines. Small trees grew out of the narrow cracks. The leisurely waterfall splashed down the far side, feeding a series of small pools that meandered through boulders and grass towards us.
‘As I suspected,’ she whispered triumphantly, pointing to a large, black cave that spanned half the southern wall of the hollow and halfway up the cliff. ‘Look how flat the area is before it. A landing pad.’
It may’ve been flat and a landing pad at one time. Now it was littered with fallen boulders, large and small.
‘Let me record this scene and then we’ll see what secrets that dark hollow in the cliff hides. I’m going to narrate it so...’ she said, cheerfully holding her finger to her lips. 
‘Right.’
She drew her vid camera and a lens-light out of her pocket and swept the hollow with both, muttering softly. She then started down the steep path down into the hollow. ‘I’m going to take another shot from below. You better hide behind one of the boulders unless you want your presence recorded.’
I hid as she suggested as her lens-light flashed around the stone hollow. I was just her ghost of a backup.
‘It’s safe to come down now,’ she called out – still softly.
I joined her and we dodged around the fallen boulders to enter the high and wide cavern. 
‘Big enough for a ship’s boat, wouldn’t you say?’ she asked.
‘Aye.’
‘They brought them straight down on their taxi-jets and taxied them under the overhang so as not to be seen from above. The question is, did they move them into the cave, or load them in vacuum here.’ She was mostly talking to herself, so I didn’t reply, but followed her further in– to where it ended in a blank rock wall.
‘It seems that they went all out, camouflaging the airlock door with a rock facade,’ she said, after slipping off her night-sight glasses, as did I, and inspecting the rock wall with the bright beam of the lens-light. ‘You’d hardly think that would be necessary. No sign of an airlock door… The whole wall must open. Let’s examine the edges.’
We walked over to where the back wall met the side wall, a little too precisely, I thought. Di Ai peered closely at the juncture.
‘There’s definitely a gap. Let’s see… Hold on to the lens-light, will you? ’ she muttered, handing it to me as she dug in her satchel. She pulled out a plasma blade and activated it. 
‘It should cut through rock…  Look how easy it does!’ she exclaimed as she sliced off a hunk of it from the presumed door. ‘It has to be fake… Look! Metal underneath! Shine the beam here, where I’m working!’
Within half a minute she had cleared off a section of the faux-stone back wall, exposing the dull luster of steel. 
‘That’s all the proof I need. A short vid and we can lift’ she said, giving me a quick look and a wide smile. ‘Hold the light while I take the vid.’
With the camera in one hand, she narrated cutting a slice off of the faux-stone and then putting lines in the steel of the presumed door.
‘That’s it. Let’s lift,’ she said, after completing her demonstration and pocketing the camera and plasma blade. 
As if on cue, we heard a low, slow rumble, and a long beam of light shot out and across the ground at our feet.
She turned to me, eyes wide with a mix of alarm and glee.
‘Lift!’ I whispered. 
We did. But not where I would’ve lifted to. That being the path. No, Di Ai turned and ran out to the old landing pad to crouch behind a large boulder. I had no choice but to join her.
The raising door revealed a large, brightly lit chamber. No doubt, it had been a cargo airlock back in the old days, since it was large enough to fit a ship’s boat inside. Once the launch had taxied in, and the outer door shut, it could be filled with an atmosphere to allow the boat to be easily loaded. 
A figure stepped out from the chamber and walked to the outer edge of the overhanging rocks. At first I thought she was looking for us. But she seemed entirely unconcerned. Lifting her wrist, she appeared to be talking quietly, with someone via her com-link. 
Behind her, in the chamber, I could see three chest-high stacks of long steel crates. Beyond them, set in the inner wall, was the inner door that opened to a brightly-lit corridor further in where more crates were stacked on several sled haulers.
‘They’re moving their merchandise.’ she whispered. ‘We spooked them. We’ll need to get the Guards here fast.’
‘It appears so,’ I replied. Glancing uneasily back at the black cleft in the hollow that we’d come through, I added, ‘I’ve a feeling that they’re expecting company. If they’re coming to collect their merchandise the way we arrived, we need to find a better place to hide. They’d certainly see us here.’
‘We can’t risk moving at the moment, unless you want me to dart her.’
‘Not yet. I was just reminding you of our position. We want to get away without them knowing we’re here, if we can.’ 
She nodded as she pulled out her vid camera. ‘I need to record this. Be still.’
The woman finished her conversation, turned, reentered the chamber, and started down the corridor. Before I could stop her, Di Ai sprang to her feet and raced for the chamber. I stood as well, but decided that I could best provide cover from where I was, since I could see down the corridor, and send darts down it, if necessary.
Di Ai slid to a halt beside the end stack and used her vid camera to make a quick record of, I presume, the crates and any identifying notations on them. She then quickly drew her plasma knife and began to cut through the bands that sealed the top panel of the crate. 
I glanced back down the corridor. The woman had only gone down it as far as the first hauler. She must have ordered the crates to be brought forward, since a man appeared to grab the hauler’s handle. A second man emerged to lend a casual hand at the back of the stack and they started forward.
I pinged Di Ai via her com-link. ‘They’re bringing out another stack.’
She waved a brief acknowledgment, but continued to work at opening the steel case. I drew my darter and rested my hand on the rock to steady it.
Di AI had just managed to lift up the top of the upper crate when the man entered the chamber, dragging the next stack of crates. She ducked down behind her stack and looked to me.
I pinged her again. ‘Stay still. They’re likely just going to unload the sled. There’s more to bring out, so they shouldn’t be long, it’s only six crates,’ I whispered.
She nodded.
I watched as the men quickly piled the crates alongside the sled and swung it around to head back for the next one. 
‘You’re clear – but not for long. They’ll be back shortly with another load.’ I whispered to my com-link.
She sprang to her feet and pried up the lid of the crate she’d been working on. There must have been some inner packing, since she had to draw out her plasma knife and began to slash it. In the meanwhile, the men had parked the empty hauler, and started the next one forward. 
‘You’ve got ten seconds,’ I pinged, just as a beam of white light jerked across the ground before me.
Glancing back, I saw several lens-light beams flashing about from the cleft entrance to the hollow. ‘More Company! From outside!’ I frantically pinged Di Ai, as I slipped to the far side of the boulder and huddled down, trying to look like a rock, since this move made me visible from the cavern. I hoped their attention would be directed toward the arriving party.
Di Ai was too close to the evidence she needed to call in the Civil Guards to care. She had her vid camera in one hand and was holding up what I recognized as a long barreled plasma shell launcher in the other hand, as the two men arrived with their second load.
‘Di Ai!’ I pinged in a sharp whisper.
The men stopped the sled. They grabbed the first crate to unload. And stopped again when they noticed the upright lid of case Di Ai had opened. She was probably hidden behind it, so they exchanged puzzled glances…
Meanwhile, I could hear the voices of new arrivals as they emerged from the cleft in the cliffs.
With discovery certain, I decided to begin reducing our long odds. I took careful aim, activated it, and put two darts into the farthest man in the chamber, and then his companion with two more quick squeezes on the firing buttons. Then, even as they were sinking to the ground, I swung around. I could see two lens-lights in the mouth of the cleft, and sent four darts down their faint blue drive field aimed just above the two swinging lights. Two blue flashes as the standard darts discharged.
‘Lift Di Ai! Now! I hissed, angrily.
‘Follow me,’ she replied via my com-link, as she sprinted out of the chamber. ‘There’s a sheltered way up the cliff.’ She added as she veered to follow the rubble strewn edge of the hollow.
The sudden collapse of their two lead people caused momentary confusion amongst the gang coming through the cleft. Wild beams of light jumped around the hollow as they gathered around their fallen comrades. I took the opportunity, stood and staying low, raced for the far wall, weaving through the boulders to fall in behind Di Ai. As we reached the waterfall, an explosion of blue light struck the rock wall behind me. I instinctively ducked and kept on running, leaping low over the little pool at the foot of the waterfall for a tall patch of darkness in the stone wall ahead.
We skidded into the dark hollow.
‘I scouted this with the drone. This crevasse runs to the top of the cliff. It’ll provide cover from the gang across the way,’ she said as I dropped down beside her. ‘But not from the chamber.’ 
‘But can we get up?’
‘No problem. Plenty of hand holds, roots and little trees.’
I slipped my night-sight glasses back on, and looked back and up the shallow v-shaped cleft in the cliff.  I could see the rugged nature of the cliff, with a tangle of vines, and the roots of trees clinging to the broken rocks of the cliff. An easy climb, in light gravity. If you didn’t have to do it fast and worry about a dart in the back.
‘Right. Up you go. I’ll cover you. And don’t stop once you get on top. You need to get within range of the local com system to call in the Guards. I can’t do that. I’ll cover your retreat.’
‘I’m not leaving you behind.’
‘Yes you are. I’ll be fine. Patrol combat training. Go. We don’t have time to argue.’
She had sense enough not to argue. She slipped her darter into her jacket pocket, and started up the cliff like someone who knew what they were doing. She reached the top in less than a minute, making it look easy. In the meanwhile, I kept watch. I caught sight of cautious movement across the way. I saw shadows flirting between the boulders along the far wall. I had to slip my night-sight glasses off to view the brightly lit chamber – our major danger point. No one appeared.
‘I’m up. Your turn. I’ll cover you.’ pinged Di Ai.
I didn’t argue either. I slipped my darter into my pocket and scrambled back to the cliff. The cliff around me flickered with faint blue light. Apparently Di Ai was keeping our opponents amused. Light gravity notwithstanding, the cliff seemed nearly vertical, and the first ten meters was pure rock. It took time finding footholds and finger holds secure enough for me to trust. However, higher up, there were vines, roots, and little trees to pull myself up, so that I made faster progress the higher I climbed. I reached the top in a little hollow. The prone figure of Di Ai was now some distance off; having kept moving so as not to be a predictable target.
‘I’m up,’ I said.
‘Right. I believe they parked down at the trail-head. If we can make it to the buggy quick enough, we should be able to squeeze past’em before they can react,’ she said quickly sliding backwards across the leafy forest floor. 
I crawled, then scurried on all fours, until we were out of sight from the bottom half of the hollow, and it was safe to stand. From there it was full out running. We cleared the boulder strewn stream in three bounds and raced for the buggy.
 We were still 30 or so meters from it, when we were washed with light.
I yanked down my night-sight glasses and still found myself half-blinded by the headlights of three buggies, coming up the slope towards us. Among them, they spanned the little valley between the escarpment and the hollow.
As we skidded to a stop, a couple of bursts of darts began to land around us, as the passengers in the buggies – leaning out of the side window began to fire. To hit anything except by luck from a moving vehicle bouncing over uneven ground and small boulders was nearly impossible. Though it never seems like it when they’re aimed at you. 
I glanced up the slope. Bright in the headlights, through the trees I saw a cliff with a waterfall – the end of the ravine. I didn’t relish climbing that cliff with half a dozen darters aimed at my back.
‘Back, across the stream! We’ll try the far side,’ I said to Di Ai. 
The buggies could cross the stream, but they’d have to take it slow, since it was strewn with tumbled boulders.
She didn’t argue, but turned back, and side by side we raced, once more slipping through and leaping over the stream and boulders. 
‘Keep going as fast as you can. You must get the Guards or the Patrol here as fast as possible,’ I panted. ‘I’ll hold back to give you a couple of minutes head start. That should be enough, if you can find a way to get beyond the escarpment wall.’
She said nothing,
I glanced back. The buggies had swung around to follow us, and were approaching the stream bed. Ahead of us was a small rise with the usual tree trunks and outcropping of boulders. These had been rugged hills prior to terraforming. And while terraforming does artificially accelerate weathering, the bones of the hills were still very evident.
I pulled up just beyond the top of the rise and dodged behind a large tree.
She pulled up as well. She opened her mouth to speak, but I’d not let her.
‘Go’ I barked, pulling the lens-light out of my pocket. ‘Every second you waste increases my danger. Run or all is lost! Get the Neb-blasted Guard here!’
I switched the lens-light on to max brightness and adjusted its focus to a narrow beam.
‘And you?’ she asked, still standing behind me.
‘No heroics. Two minutes and I’ll run myself. Complete your mission. Lift, Vaun. Please,’ I said as I sprayed the windshields of the three buggies with the focused brightness of the powerful lens-light. The bright light should temporarily night-blinded the drivers and their passengers, or, at least, make them shut their eyes, hopefully slowing their progress over the tricky boulders of the stream.
I took a second to glance behind me. She was gone. I went back to work, much easier of spirit. All I had to do was to make them spend a couple of minutes crossing the stream. The buggies could crawl over the boulders and stream, but they needed a skilled hand to navigate the crossing, or they’d risk getting hung up on a boulder. Plus these looked to be the larger, cargo buggies, with long wheelbases that would make the crossing trickier. Still, the lens-light would only slow them, but not stop them.
It worked. For a minute, maybe. It seemed longer. But the downside was that the beam of my lens-light led right back to me. The buggy co-pilots jumped out and began to advance across the stream on foot. I couldn’t keep them all in the beam, and soon they were sending darts towards the source of the light. The tree trunk before me exploded in flashes of blue. The ones that missed the tree, exploded behind me. 
I switched off the beam, and crouching down, scurried to a second location, a large boulder. I pocketed the lens-light and took out my darter. The fellows on foot – outlined as they were in the headlights of the buggies – had anticipated this, and had taken cover, so I started putting darts into the windshields of the buggies, now halfway across the stream. This had the same effect as the lens-light, but no more. A 2mm dart at full charge might put a pit in a sheet of clearsteel, but that was it. They are strictly anti-personnel weapons. I couldn’t stop them from getting across, I could only delay them. And once across the stream, not even that.  Still, I kept firing, switching to minimum charge to preserve the darter’s super-capacitor charge, as the difference in light would be negligible.
When the first buggy had its front wheels on this side of the stream bed, I decided that I’d given Di Ai her two minutes and a withdrawal was in order. My plan was to race down the hill, and at some point cut back across the stream to prevent the buggies from running me down since the stream bed below was too steep and deep for them to cross.
I slipped my night-sight glasses on and took off, running low, zigging and zagging through the trees, around large boulders and leaping over small ones as I headed downhill.
However, the Seven Syndicate had not scrimped on manpower for their operation. I heard shouted orders ahead of me. I had no choice but to continue on, hoping to outrun them. 
Alas, a moment later I heard a yell ahead – ‘There he is!’ – and a dozen or more blue drive beams sprang to life from the darkness ahead. They stretched from the escarpment on my left to the stream on my right. I was trapped. 
I dived for the ground as the drive beams found me, and a wave of darts discharged in blue flashes against tree trunks and boulders ahead, around and behind me. I rolled to one side to put a low boulder between me and the men ahead of me. Through the underbrush I could see more of the gang climbing out of the stream’s ravine ahead. I had a couple of good shots, but I passed on them so as not to give my position away. 
Not that it likely mattered. They knew where I was, and between them and the crew with the buggies behind me, they’d flush me out sooner or later. I rolled again to find better cover, and then scrambled on all fours, as the darts buzzed past me. I managed to reach a small outcropping of rocks that would’ve offered me better protection – just as the leaves and branches of the trees overhead suddenly lit up in the headlights of the buggies as they reached the rise behind me. As they crested the rise, the lights shifted down to flood the floor of the valley. This was it.
As the glaring headlight beams spread across the forest floor, I took off once more, running all out, low and as fast as I could, straight ahead for the line of men before me. I was no doubt silhouetted in the beams, but I was counting on them being momentarily blinded by the lights, especially if they were wearing night-sight glasses. I angled for the escarpment, hoping that the gang would be thinner there, being further from the river ravine that they were pouring out of. That, anyway, was the desperate theory I was operating under.
There were yells and curses ahead of me, as they ripped off their night-sights and their eyes adjusted to the light. They let off a fusillade of darts discharging all about the little valley – half-blinded men shooting at shadows and boulders. None of them shot at me. Or if they did, they missed.
Darter in hand, I raced ahead, relying on speed rather than stealth. I had to be crossing the syndicate’s line. But glancing right and left, I saw no one, though there were a dozen drive beams searching the forest not 20 meters on my right. I had to believe the men ahead of me had me in their sights and were just waiting for the sure shot.
But before I knew it, the yells and barked orders were behind me. I was running in comparative darkness. The shouts grew evermore distant as the moments passed.
I kept running for perhaps ten minutes, before I pulled up, against a large tree and, panting, pinged Di Ai.
‘Are you safe?’ she demanded on answering.
‘Of course,’ I replied, panting. ‘And you?’
‘I’m in the forest and on my way down.’ She was panting as well. ‘There’s a house, Green Chalet, five kilometers down the road. I should be able to get within range of the Co-op com network in less than half an hour. I’ll ping the Civil Guard Center in Prime. I’ve got a priority code that will take my call directly to their action group. With my vid evidence I should be able to get them here within half an hour of pinging them. If not, I’ll bring down the Patrol. We need to get people here before they can run with the weapons.’
‘There isn’t much more that I can do to slow them down.’
‘You stay clear. That’s an order.’
‘I won’t argue,’ I sighed. ‘I’m getting too old for this.’
‘You sure you don’t want me to bring you in? You’d make your parents proud.’
‘Thanks, but no thanks. I just signed on to a half year of toaster repairs. And I’m really looking forward to it at the moment.’
‘Well, Rafe, you’ve earned it. But if you want to stay out of this, I’m going to have to erase your contact information from all my devices. We’re done, for now.’
I sighed. ‘You know that I wish you didn’t have to. But I guess this isn’t our time, is it?’
‘Not now Rafe.’ she replied.
‘It warms my heart to hear you say that, Vaun.’
She laughed. ‘I am just so romantic.’
‘And so am I. We’ll keep in touch.’
‘You’re fading, Rafe. One last question before we lose contact. Will that Department 57 subsection 3 story actually work? I looked it up, and it seems to be devoted to the procurement of tropical fruit.’
‘You’ll find at least a dozen different departments devoted to the procurement of tropical fruit within the Patrol organizational tree. Trust me, they’re not all buying mangoes.’
She laughed, through the static. ‘Take care, Rafe. I owe you my life.’
‘Take care, yourself, my dear,’ I said as she moved out of range. And when the hiss of the static was all I could hear, I said, ‘I’ll miss you.’



02
I continued long-striding down through the forest and reached the road without either pursuit or encountering any further evidence of the weapons smugglers. I crossed the road and continued down the mountainside through the woods, just as I had done only two weeks prior. The more distance I put between me and the evening’s event, the greater the cloud of unreality seemed to gather around it, and indeed all the events of the last several weeks. While they had been terrifyingly real in the instance, looking back, I seemed to have stumbled into one of my youthful adventure stories. Fiction. Though I couldn’t quite put my finger on exactly why it seemed like fiction. Maybe there were too many reasons.
One was Lieutenant JG Vaun Di Ai, IA2. She, of the pretty face. It seemed that I’d follow her into any outrageously dangerous and/or foolish situation with only the mildest and most ineffectual objections. Thinking back, it scared me that someone had so much power over me. Especially someone who was so incompetent. Or, given her results against all odds, supremely competent. I couldn’t decide. Probably both.
On the surface, she was almost always smiling; a cheerful, pleasant girl. Someone for whom the word “nice” had been invented to describe. Someone smart and persistent enough to have solved, in seven months, a hopeless arms smuggling case, and a 7,000 year old mystery, with a collection of serial numbers, months of research, and a series of nearly fatally bungled, but ultimately successful special operations, without any actual special operations training. If she was to be believed.
And I didn’t know if I believed her. How real were all her smiles and her pleasant company? I recalled her questioning eyes, and I realized that I didn’t know her. I would like to believe that there was some sort of friendship between us. Yet she was always so evasive. Right to the end, when she had not acknowledged my “We’ll keep in touch.” And except for the fact that I was always volunteering – not that I really had a choice, given my feelings for her – it could be said that she had used me rather ruthlessly.
I mulled all this as I reached the lower mountain road and followed it to the first road that twisted down to quiet farm fields and pastures, silver grey in the glow of the Vilwaine above the boundary layer. I discovered no answers and thinking about her made me sad, so I turned to another unexplained mystery. My escape. 
I shouldn’t have escaped. It felt like when you expect a step at the bottom of a dark stairs – but when you step down, there is no down, no step. You stomp on the floor. So it is with my escape. I knew there were syndicate personnel before me. I’d spotted the drive fields of their darters weaving through the darkness directly ahead of me. And yet I ran by them, without seeing them, or they seeing me. I had to have been visible against the lights from the headlights behind me. I’d expected an exchange of darts as I approached them. And, if by chance, I got through, I had expected to be pursued by at least their darts, if not half of the gang. Instead, I just ran clear through them, as if I was invisible. I couldn’t explain it.
Hours later, as I approached Pine Cove, I glanced back. There was a bright glowing spot in the dark Chartierra Mountains. The lights of fliers blinked over the treetops, likely dropping Guard bots and armored Guard personnel through the trees to a forest illuminated like day by a fleet of flare drones. Indeed, up and down the dark mountainside I could see moving lights as Guard, and perhaps the Patrol, fliers rounding up fleeing weapon smugglers. 
Di Ai had pulled it off. I was happy for her, but glad to find myself this far removed from all that action.
It was strange, the nearly silent, and now sleeping Vilwaine-lit countryside was the most authentic thing in my life. It seemed that I belonged here, rather than in the world of those fliers in the hills.
I picked up my pace at the thought of my bed under the eves of the Manse on Harbor Street and the Fix-it-all Shop that I’d be manning along with Mactavish on firstday. I’d my taste of adventure, and I found I preferred fixing toasters. 
Until a certain smiling girl with a very pretty face and a crazily dangerous idea stopped by.



Chapter 13  Toaster Repair



01
I slipped into the Manse shortly before three in the morning. It was a long, weary, and hungry trek. I missed my dinner. I slept late. But there’s no morning meeting at the Cove Diner on sixthday, so I wasn’t missed. The sun which arrived with the calendar date had brought with it a fine bright day. And the fine bright day had brought out all the newly arrived summer people, transforming the sleepy little town of Pine Cove into something much more lively. Families, couples, and bands of young people were strolling down Harbor Street. I showered, dressed, and followed them down to the harbor, knowing I’d find a stall or cart offering something to breakfast on.
Instead I found Cely seated on one of the benches at the bottom of the hill overlooking the harbor. 
‘Just watching the summer people and their efforts at sailing,’ he said, with a sweep of his arm to include the harbor and the blue cove, now speckled with rowboats, powerboats, and sailboats. ‘I have a sailboat, the blue hulled one, over there,’ he said, pointing it out to me. ‘The Blue Belle. I offer it, and my services for charter during the season. It’s fun and it keeps me as busy as I care to be during the season. I’ll have to take you out to see if you like sailing. If you do, you can crew when I’ve a charter of a pack of pretty girls. Make an adventure out of it. I know you like adventures.’
‘I’ve found that both adventures and pretty girls can be rather dangerous. I’m in the toaster repair business these days. Make it a gang of toaster repair people.’
He laughed. ‘We’ll see. You may change your mind about toaster repairs soon enough. Though Mura put up with the job for twenty years. We’ll see how long you’ll last.’
‘She’s off to Prime for two weeks and only after that will she make her escape for the three seasons we agreed on.’
He shrugged, smiled, and said, unconvincing ‘Yes, of course.’
After my last evening, I found I wasn’t alarmed that Cely was teasing me with the prospect of an extended stay.
Then he got down to business. ‘What do you say we have lunch? It’s getting about that time.’
‘A grand idea,’ I replied, ‘It’ll be breakfast for me. I slept in today. So I’m starving.’
‘We can’t have that. Speaking of “grand,” what do you say we give the Cellar under the terrace of the Grand a try?’
‘I trust you when it comes to breakfast, lunch and dinner, Cely. Lead on!’
The Pine Cove Grand Hotel,  the “Grand,” was as advertised, the largest hotel in Pine Cove. It sat along the hill overlooking the lido. It boasted a wide green grass terrace with benches, tables and gazebos overlooking the sea. Beneath this terrace was a rustic stone cellar with game rooms on either side of a very large tap room that served all sorts of sausages and chops, vat grown faux, of course, with authentic breads and vegetables on the side. I rather liked its cool, dark, fragrant atmosphere, as well as its food. I was glad Cely introduced me to it.
Cely excused himself after our leisurely meal, saying that he had some puttering around aboard Blue Belle, as he had a charter for the evening. I was surprised that he didn’t mention anything about the midnight lights in the Chartierra Mountains, as they could be seen from Pine Cove.
I spent the afternoon walking along the beach to the mouth of the cove, and back. Had my dinner at the Cellar as well. Afterwards I wandered along High Street taking in the new bright spots and new people. 


02
The lights in the mountains was the major topic of conversation around the firstday morning table at the Cove Bakery and Diner. Since the local constabulary had been called in to help round up the fleeing syndicate personnel, a fairly accurate story of what it involved was available through the so called ‘grape vine.’ I only contributed my understanding of Patrol and Guard procedures in matters like this. Cely watched my performance with amusement, but said nothing of what he may have surmised concerning my possible connections with the raid to the rest of the gang.
He did, however, accompany me up to the Fix-it-all Shop, to learn more of what I knew of the raid. I kept all that I knew first hand to myself. I speculated on what I did know, from the attempted scuttling of the Tzaritsa Moon, to my encounter with the Patrol agent scraping the backup copy of the log from its launch and my escape from the syndicate owned mountain lodge. From that we speculated as to how that led to the raid.
‘Well, if the Seven Syndicate can find the lost armory of Bright Dark Solutions, I have no doubt that either the Guard or the Patrol could find it as well, given the hints they may’ve found on the Tzaritsa Moon’s log.’
He may’ve almost bought that. In any event, he resigned himself to accepting it. For now.
‘Did you have a pleasant weekend, sir?’ ask Mactavish as I entered the shop.
‘I survived it, though it was a near run thing, Mactavish. You no doubt overheard our plans. It seems that Lieutenant Di Ai is only familiar with the garden variety legally dumb humanoid service bots one encounters in the Unity since she thought nothing of blurting out her secrets in front of you. Anyways, suffice it to say that things didn't go as planned. I really can’t explain how I’m here today, though, I suppose as long as Di Ai got free to call the Guards, and I wasn’t killed outright everything worked out. But still it was iffy going.’
‘Lieutenant Di Ai seems quite resourceful.’
‘That she is. However, she walks on the edge of a precipice seemingly blindfolded, and somehow manages not to fall. The Neb knows how.’
‘She had you with her, sir.’
‘I’m not sure that didn’t just make her bolder. But, that’s all in the past now. I hope. What’s on my schedule today?’
‘A light one, sir. A clothes drying machine is not functioning at Hilatha’s Holiday House – the error code is very general. You’ll have to ping me for any parts. Then there’s Eva, the maid at Sea View. Her central servo-control circuit board is registering potential failure. I’ve printed up a replacement. It’s in your tool bag, sir. And finally, there is the entertainment server at the Bluff Restaurant which is down. You’ll have to pull it, and bring it back to replace the faulty component, just like your toasters, sir. Your afternoon is currently free.’
‘Thank you, Mactavish. I might as well get at it, then. The Holiday House first, and I’ll stop at the Bluff, since I’ll probably have to come back for the dryer parts anyway. Mind the store, Mactavish.’
I loaded my tool bag into the Fix-it-all Shop’s van and turned it on.
Something was wrong. A very little thing. But one of those things that I notice.
The odometer reading was wrong. While the odometer reading is recorded for some sort of bookkeeping reason or another at the end of every day, I had a habit of mentally noting it at the end of any day I used the van. I guess out of curiosity as to how many kilometers I’d traveled in the day. Just one of those number things I seemed hardwired to recall. And for that reason, I knew that the odometer was registering 61.7 kilometers more now then at the ending reading on fifthday afternoon. Who had driven it? The Skipper was in Prime, and it was my understanding that the sentient machines, even if they were capable of driving a buggy – and who wasn’t? – didn’t do it if it would be out of character. While a chauffeur bot might drive a vehicle, a maid, or a shopkeeper, or a cook humanoid machine wouldn’t dare be seen doing such a thing. It was against what I was beginning to know as “The Understanding” between the people of the Agrilea Co-op, and their semi and fully sentient machines. The machines had a safe home, a place where they were protected and valued, but in exchange they had to play the role of a legal dumb “robot,” at least in front of customers and strangers. Indeed, my easy acceptance in Pine Cove was largely due to the fact that the sentient machines trusted me, on the basis of Mactavish vouching for me.
I spent the morning, between jobs, working out what could account for those 61.7 kilometers. Once I divided 61.7 kilometers by two (30.85 km) and drew a rough circle on the local com-link supplied map in my mind, I found that it included the hollow of the Bright Solution’s dark armory, which when I took into account road travel, took me right there. That number could not be coincidence. 
Mactavish had heard of our plans, so that was no mystery. But Di Ai hadn’t said where this lost armory was located. He had to have followed us. But on those deserted roads, I’m certain that we would’ve noticed a buggy following us. And there certainly was no one in sight when we turned off into the forest.
But, ah, I remembered that we had arranged for my com-link to automatically ping Mactavish my location every time I was in range of the local communication terminal, which is to say within a kilometer of a farmhouse or lodge. In this way he knew when he could reach me when I was out on a call. He could then direct me to anything that might have arisen since I left the shop. Using these pings, he could’ve easily followed us at a distance. Once in the hills, with lodges scattered far apart, the system would fail. But since there were only two roads, and when he got within three or four kilometers of my com-link he would pick up its native broadcast, the lack of com terminals wouldn’t matter.
The last piece of the puzzle was when I remembered that I’d left my Crimson Comet 33xz in the shop, after showing Mactavish my secret darter.
There certainly was a line of syndicate people ahead of me – who didn’t respond when I approached and crossed their line. The only logical explanation was that they were flat on the ground with a tiny dart hole in their backs by the time I passed them. My all too easy escape had not ceased to bother me, and this explanation, as far fetched as it was, seemed a possible answer to this unexplained phenomena. On one hand, it seemed unlikely that he was acting as my backup, which is to say, the backup of Di Ai’s backup. Yet, it offered an explanation for my far too easy escape that had escaped me. But why? Why did he do it?
There were some customers in the shop when I returned from lunch. I chatted with them for a while, learning that the Fix-it-all Shop, with its spaceer owner, was the one shop in all of Pine Cove where tourists from the Unity could find someone who they could go to with “modern” technological issues in this throwback society.
 After they had left, I said, ‘I want to thank you, Mactavish, for all you did for me on fifthday evening. I don’t know if they were using lethal darts or not. Or what they would’ve done to me once they had me down, but you may well have saved my life. I won’t forget that.’
I was secretly delighted when he took several seconds to reply. 
‘I washed the mud off the van, so that wasn’t it. Was it the missing darts? I couldn’t replace them. But I don’t recall you handling your model since then. I am at a loss, sir.’
‘The odometer on the shop van, Mactavish. I noticed that it was 61.7 kilometers more than I’d parked it on fifthday.’
‘Indeed, sir?’
‘I have a good mind for numbers. But my question is, why’d you do it?’
‘After overhearing your friend’s account and proposed action, I was somewhat concerned, so I asked around. I learned that there was recent activity in the mountains, and that a number of cargo buggies had been rented in Charta, on the Kartarn Republic border, which was suggestive. Seeing that it was dark, I decided it was safe for me to take the van and shadow you and your friend, which turned out fortuitous.’
‘Indeed. How I got through those people without a dart even sent my way has been bothering me for the last two days. As I said, I owe you, Mac.’
‘To pay me back, all you need do, sir, is look after the business until Captain Mor returns. For, if you are looking for motives, that would certainly be one of them, sir.’
‘Right you are, Mactavish. No point getting sentimental over saving my life. It’s good for the business.’
‘Exactly, sir.’



03
The Skipper checked in after two weeks. Mactavish signed off on me, and I accepted the berth for the next half of a year.
As predicted, work was not excessive during the early part of the summer season. All the thousands of machines we looked after were operating to spec, which left me a lot of time to spend in the store. We did a surprising amount of business selling authentic throwback items, mostly for the preparation and cooking of real food. I gathered that they were hard to find in the Unity, and much more expensive. And, as I said, I took on the role as Captain Mor’s stand-in for one of the two representatives of the ‘modern” world to be found in Pine Cove. The other being Cely.
In my idle time, I had received permission from the Skipper to sort through and buy scrap parts from our back lot with the idea of reconstructing a working moon buggy from the three wrecks that she had accumulated over the years. 
‘The Captain likes to collect junk, sir. She sometimes accepts it in lieu of payment. She has plans for it all, but rarely gets around to them.’
So, within three weeks I was well on my way to having my own buggy to explore Agrilea on my days off.
At night, after work, I had another project. I wanted to find who Di Ai’s enemy was in the Patrol, and why. The station’s personnel list gave me a pretty good idea who he was, but the “why?” took some digging. Personnel records eventually arrived from out of system that showed that Di Ai’s secret enemy in the service had once been a shipmate of Di Ai’s mother, who took some digging to find, as well. It seems that there was an incident in the Myzar Drifts where the young Di Ai’s superior had failed to perform at, it is alleged, a professional level. At least according to Di Ai’s mother, who was a member of that ill fated incident. She expressly condemned his performance. With that black mark on his file, he now holds down a modest desk job in a remote station, while his shipmate, Di Ai’s mother, is now a Squadron Commander. That seemed to provide sufficient motives for his actions.
I had planned to present this information to Di Ai in an anonymous radio-packet. But after further consideration, I decided against it. I feared that sending the information would not be construed as concern, but rather as slight, a suggestion that I didn’t think she was competent to discover this on her own. Plus, I’d a feeling that she would resent my prying into her life and affairs. If she could deal with the Seven Syndicate, she could deal with her superior officer, one way or another.

As it turned out, it was a wise choice. Within a day of my decision, I received an unsigned radio packet. It read:

My Dear _____ _____
I am sorry that we did not have the time to say any proper goodbyes, and on my part, a proper thank you for all that you did, at great personal risk, for me. I wish I could now, but we both know that is impossible. This poor note will have to suffice.
As you expected, there was some ho-doo about the procedures followed during the later part of my investigation. And as you suspected, it was – almost – entirely due to my misunderstanding of my mission. However to my amazement and amusement, my story of a Department 57 subsection 3 backup agent seemed to satisfy the investigating board, at least they did not reprimand me for operating without proper procedures and resources. I even got a one step promotion out of it. Though, between you and me, I think I’m better than a IA3. But I suppose that you’re right, by the time you get to five or six, the rating reflects time in service more than expertise. At any rate, I’m impressed with either your intimate knowledge of the intricacy of the Patrol organization, or your creative imagination.
I am now back at my desk and expect to stay here for a while. I’ve been offered a transfer out of system, but have declined. The local pirate prince is, I hear, delighted with my work, so I have no immediate concerns. Plus, I don’t care to appear to be running away from my superior. That’s not who I am.
I hope all ended as well for you as it has for me. Someday, in the rather distant future, when our lives are not flying apart, perhaps we will meet again and we’ll have the chance to get to know each other better. But don’t wait for me. Have a good and full life!
Vaun.

I especially liked the fact that she discovered my birth name. Not that it was all that difficult. She was, after all an IA3 and I’d given her enough clues. There are only so many partnered Patrol officers, with offices in floors numbered in three digits, who have a son who did a hitch as a contraband suppression tech, and a service tech. However it was the fact that she managed to generate the authorizations to comb through personnel files in Murlinn from the VanTre Patrol Station in Alantzia System, that impressed me. 
It also made me very glad that I hadn’t sent along those personnel files on her superior. Given what she’d found out about me, she likely had that information already. Plus if I had sent it, I would’ve tipped her off about my special set of info-system skills as well, something I really need to keep a secret. It was a lesson learned. That and the dangers of a pretty face. 

So, as I said at the start of this yarn, I was very lucky to have survived the near death of the Tzaritsa Moon, and the subsequent tangle of mystery and danger that a pretty face drew me into. I’m not going to repair toasters, gossip with my friends, and neighbors, and banter with the summer people, forever. But for now, I can’t think of a better life.







Other Stories By C. Litka

C. Litka is the author of eight adventure novels and novella. He writes old fashioned novels with modern sensibilities, humor, and romance. He spins tales of adventure, mystery, and travel set in richly imagined worlds, featuring casts of colorful, fully realized characters. If you seek to escape, for a few hours, your everyday life, you will not find better company, or more wonderful worlds to travel and explore, than in the novels of C. Litka.

A novella set on Mars
Keiree 

A fantasy adventure novel
Beneath the Lanterns

Tales of the Tropic Sea
Sailing to Redoubt
The Prisoner of Cimlye

The Lost Star Stories set in the Nine Star Nebula
The Bright Black Sea
The Lost Star's Sea

Near Future Stories set in England and Scotland
(Before the Storms) 
Some Day Days
(After the Storms)
A Summer in Amber

All are available as ebooks from this fine ebook store.
They are also available as trade paperbacks from your favorite bookstore.
